However, on 28 September 2017, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant released a 46-minute audio recording of al-Baghdadi in which he refers to events that had happened since the death rumors, including North Korean threats against Japan and United States and the recapture of Mosul by U.S. backed Iraqi forces in July.

On 26 October 2019, Baghdadi killed himself by detonating a bomb on his chest during a United States special operations raid in Syria's northwestern Idlib province in a village called Barisha. This is confirmed by US President Donald Trump at 9am EST (1300 GMT).

Abu Ibrahim al-Hashimi al-Qurashi replaced him as the leader of ISIS.

 

Sacrifice (2009)

Sacrifice (2009) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). It was held on May 24, 2009 at the TNA Impact! Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the fifth Sacrifice event that TNA held.

There were eight matches on the card. The main event was known as the Four Way Ultimate Sacrifice match, which was between TNA World Heavyweight Champion, Mick Foley, against Sting, Kurt Angle, and Jeff Jarrett. Each of the competitors in the match wagered an important aspect of their career: Foley's title, Sting's career, Angle's leadership of the Main Event Mafia, and Jarrett's shares in the company. Two other important matches saw A.J. Styles retaining the TNA Legends Championship against Booker T in an "I Quit" match and Beer Money, Inc. defeating The British Invasion to win the "Team 3D Invitational Tag Team Tournament".

Sacrifice gained positive reviews. Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter thought that the show, "overachieved". Melzer gave attention to the "Team 3D Invitational Tag Team Tournament" finals match and the "I Quit" match. The only thing he criticized was some of the illogical booking tactics that were made by the company. James Caldwell of the Pro Wrestling Torch also gave the event a good review but criticized the show in a number of spots, mainly the "I Quit" match: "Best match of the PPV until the finish with Sharmell-Jenna continuing their feud on PPV TV. Keep it on free TV (if TNA is so adamant about continuing this), but don't put that dumb storyline on pay TV. As usual, TNA tries to find a way out of a stipulation. Sucks to rant on that, because the match was awesome and one of Booker's best performances in years."


Pincer movement

The pincer movement, or double envelopment, is a tactic in which forces attack both flanks (sides) of an enemy formation at the same time. The pincer movement can be used when opposing forces towards the center of an army. That army responds by moving its outside forces to the enemy's flanks to surround it. At the same time, a second layer of pincers may attack on the more distant flanks to cut off the enemy .

A full pincer movement leads to the attacking army facing the enemy in front, on both flanks, and in the rear. If attacking pincers link up in the enemy's rear, the enemy is . Such battles often end in surrender or destruction of the enemy force. The encircled force can try to break out or counterattack. A successful flanking maneuver can be difficult to accomplish.

Sun Tzu, in "The Art of War", talked about the maneuver. But he made the point to leave a surrounded enemy an escape route. Otherwise, faced with death, a surrounded enemy would fight much harder. This advice seems to have been followed by General George Patton when his sweeping pincer movement trapped the German army in the Falaise pocket in August 1944.








Sidesaddle

Riding sidesaddle is a type of horseback riding. Sidesaddle riding uses a special saddle. This saddle allows the rider to sit 'aside' rather than 'astride' a horse. Astride means the rider's legs are opened with one leg on each side of the horse. In sidesaddle, the rider's legs are basically closed and both legs are on the same side of the horse. Girls and women mostly ride sidesaddle. Riding sidesaddle allows them to use a modest posture while showing off their nicest riding habits. There are two categories for competition, Junior and Senior classes.

Women sitting aside a horse to ride began in ancient history. It later became popular in European countries in the Middle Ages. This gave women wearing skirts a way to ride a horse in a modest way while also wearing their fancy clothes. It is still popular with some modern riders.

Battle of Valverde

The Battle of Valverde was an American Civil War battle fought from February 20 to February 21, 1862. It was fought near the present day town of Valverde, New Mexico. This town was at a ford across the Rio Grande river in what was at the time Confederate Arizona. The battle was a major success in the New Mexico campaign of the Southern states. The Confederate cavalry from Texas and several companies of Arizona militia fought Union Army regulars and Union volunteers from northern New Mexico and Colorado. Colonel Kit Carson commanded the 1st New Mexico (Union) Infantry.

Characterization

Characterization is the idea of making characters for a narrative. It is a literary element and may be used in dramatic works of art or everyday conversation. Characters can be shown by description. They can also be shown through their speech, thoughts, or actions.


Literary element

A literary element is a part of books and stories of narrative fiction. It is kind of verbal storytelling. It can be found in any written or spoken narrative. This is different than literary techniques. For example, plot, theme, and tone are literary elements. Figurative language, irony, or foreshadowing are literary techniques.

Literary elements help in the discussion and understanding of a work of literature as basic categories of critical analysis; literary elements could be said to be made by the readers of a work just as much as they are produced by its author. They are a kind of literary education at the primary and secondary level. A set of terms often appear in a school's student evaluations. For example, the New York State Comprehensive English Regents Examinations make students use and talk about literary elements relating to works in each of the two essays.

Narrative

A narrative is a literary term for the events that make up a story. It is the way the events connect and make up the plot of a story or book.

A narrative reports connected events, presented to the person reading or listener in a sequence of written or spoken words.

A common term for narrative is plot. The study on structure in narratives is called narratology.

TNA Unbreakable

Unbreakable was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). It was held on September 11, 2005 at the TNA Impact! Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the first and only Unbreakable event that TNA held and was also the ninth event in TNA's 2005 pay-per-view schedule.

There were nine matches on the card and two pre-show matches. The main event was a Three Way match between then-champion Christopher Daniels, A.J. Styles and Samoa Joe. Styles ended up winning the match and became the new X Division Champion. Another top card match saw Raven defeat Rhino in a Raven's Rules match for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship.

Unbreakable gained positive reviews. The Three Way TNA X Division Championship match earned a rare 5 star rating from Dave Meltzer which was the first that the promotion had received. Corey David Lacroix of the professional wrestling section of the Canadian Online Explorer rated the show 8 out of 10, and said "TNA's Unbreakable PPV was an astounding buffet of action, catering to the variety of tastes among professional wrestling fans."

Step Up All In

Step Up All In is an American 2014 romantic and musical drama movie. The movie is about a dance crew that are rejected at every audition they go to. The crew decide to leave Los Angeles and come back to Miami. Briana Evigan plays Andie. Alyson Stoner plays Camille.

This movie was released on August 8, 2014. It got mixed reviews from critics. It made more than $86 million in the box office.

Literary technique

A literary technique is any method an author uses to tell their message. This makes it easy to tell them from literary elements, which are mostly found in literature.

Pedro Peña (actor)

Pedro Peña Allén (December 14, 1925 – October 2, 2014) was an Spanish actor. He was known for his roles in "Médico de familia" (1995), "Un paso adelante" (2002) and "Dulce" (2011). He was born in Tordehumos, Spain.

Peña died in Madrid, Spain from Alzheimer's disease, aged 88.

Lynsey de Paul

Lynsey de Paul (11 June 1948 – 1 October 2014) was an English singer-songwriter. She was known for representing the U.K. in the 1977 with Mike Moran on "Rock Bottom" at Eurovision. She was also known for her songs, ""Sugar Me"", "Getting a Drag",""Won't Somebody Dance With Me"", <nowiki>"</nowiki>Ooh I Do", "No Honestly", "My Man and Me", ""Storm In A Teacup"" and ""Sleeping Blue Nights"".

De Paul was born in London, England. She was never married, but was known for being in relationships with Ringo Starr, Roy Wood, James Coburn, Sean Connery, Bill Kenwright, Bernie Taupin, Chas Chandler and Dudley Moore.

De Paul suffered a brain hemorrhage on the morning of 1 October 2014. She died in a London hospital hours later, aged 66.


Losing My Religion

"Losing My Religion" is a 1991 rock song from R.E.M.. The song became R.E.M.'s highest charting song for the United States. It hit #4 on "Billboard" Hot 100. It was nominated for several Grammy Awards. It won two.

The song was released on February 19, 1991.

R.E.M. guitarist Peter Buck wrote the riff and chorus to the song on a mandolin while learning to play it. Buck had just bought the instrument and was recording the music as he practiced. Buck said that "when I listened back to it the next day, there was a bunch of stuff that was really just me learning how to play mandolin, and then there's what became 'Losing My Religion', and then a whole bunch more of me learning to play the mandolin."


Literary term

A literary term is a word that is used in talking or writing about books and stories. They are words used to describe various forms of writing by an author.

Joyride (album)

Joyride is the third studio album by Roxette. The album has the songs "Joyride" and "Fading Like a Flower". "Joyride" hit #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. In June 1991, it became the best selling album in Europe for 2 weeks.

This album was released on March 28, 1991.

Ken Dunek

Ken Dunek (born June 20, 1957) was a professional football player with the Philadelphia Eagles. Dunek went to college at Memphis State (now known as University of Memphis). During college, he played forward on the basketball team. He switched to football his senior year. In 1980, he started playing with the Philadelphia Eagles. Since leaving the Eagles, he has worked as an author and motivational speaker.

Foreshadowing

Foreshadowing or guessing ahead is a literary device by which an author hints what is to come. It is used to avoid disappointment, and sometimes used to arouse readers.


Joyride (song)

"Joyride" is a 1991 song from Roxette. The song is about falling in love.

The single topped the charts in Europe, the United States and Australia. It hit #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song was released on February 27, 1991.

Frieda Szwillus

Frieda Szwillus (née Hennig; 30 March 1902 – 21 September 2014) was a German supercentenarian. She had been Germany's oldest living person from 22 April 2014 until her death almost 5 months later. She lived to be 112 years old and 175 days.

Szwillus died in Raschau-Markersbach, Saxony, Germany. Szwillus was, at the time of her death, the second oldest German person ever behind Maria Laqua.

Pope Shenouda III of Alexandria

Pope Shenouda III (3 August 1923 – 17 March 2012) was the 117th Pope of Alexandria & Patriarch of the See of St. Mark. His papacy lasted for forty years, four months, and four days from 14 November 1971 until his death on 17 March 2012.

Pope Shenouda III died on 17 March 2012 in Cairo, Egypt from respiratory and kidney failure, aged 88.


Critical analysis

Critical analysis is to examine something that someone has said. It means to study the individual parts of the work.

Theme (narrative)

Theme in writing is what you think is important in a story or narrative. It is the big idea of the work. 

In contemporary literary studies, a theme is how the central topic a text, book, or story is treated. Themes can be divided into two categories: a work's "thematic concept" is what readers "think the work is about" and its "thematic statement" being "what the work says about the subject".

The most common understanding of theme is an idea or point that is central to a story. It can be summed in a single word (e.g. love, death, betrayal). Some examples of themes of this type are conflict between the person and society; getting to adult age; humans in conflict with technology; nostalgia.

A theme may be shown by the actions, words said, or thoughts of a character in a novel. An example of this would be the theme loneliness in John Steinbeck's "Of Mice and Men". Many of the characters are lonely. It may be different from the book's or author's view of the world. From the source we found we can see that the themes can be at a variety of state as the worldwide web


Figurative language

Figurative language is when a writer describes something by comparing it with something else. It is writing that goes from the actual meaning of words at face value to get a special meaning. The figurative meaning is different from the literal meaning. For example, consider the sentence, "When she heard the news, she was over the moon and jumped for joy". The meaning is that she was very happy, but not flying above the Moon nor jumping up and down.
Figurative language is a difference in fields of language analysis. Literal language is about words that do not go away from their meaning. Non-literal or figurative language refers to words, and groups of words, that change the normal meanings of the words. A literal usage is the "normal" meanings of the words. It has the same meaning regardless of the context. The intended meaning is the same as the real meaning of the individual words. Figurative use of language is the use of words or phrases in a manner where the literal meaning of the words is not true or does not make sense. It "implies a non-literal meaning which does make sense or that could be true".

Jack Hills

The Jack Hills are a range of hills in Western Australia. They include the oldest material of terrestrial origin found on Earth. These are zircons which formed about 4.4 billion years ago (bya). The oldest zircon with the most consistent date is closer to 4.35 bya.

This zircon is part of a population of zircons in the metamorphosed conglomerate. They were deposited about 3.060 bya, which is the age of the youngest detrital zircon in the rock. 

The zircons are used in research on the conditions on Earth in the Hadean eon. 

We have samples of rock from the Moon which are older than these zircons. The "Genesis Rock", got from the Moon by astronauts in the Apollo 15 mission, has been dated at 4.46 billion years. This is one of the oldest known rocks on Earth, though it originated on the Moon. During Apollo 16, older rocks were brought back.

The Allan Hills 84001 meteorite was blasted off from Mars by meteorite impact about 4.5 bya, and crystallised 4.091 bya. It arrived on Earth about 13,000 years ago. These figures were got by a number of radiometric dating techniques.

Province of Quebec (1763–1791)

The Province of Quebec was a colony in North America. It was created by Great Britain after the Seven Years' War. Great Britain acquired French Canada by the Treaty of Paris (1763). After a long debate France negotiated to keep the small island of Guadeloupe in the Caribbean. Guadeloupe was rich in sugar. By Britain's Royal Proclamation of 1763, Canada (part of New France) was renamed the Province of Quebec. The province extended from the coast of Labrador on the Atlantic Ocean, southwest through the Saint Lawrence River Valley to the Great Lakes and beyond to the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers. Portions of its southwest (below the Great Lakes) were later ceded to the United States in a later Treaty of Paris (1783) at the conclusion of the American Revolution.

Military intelligence

Military intelligence is information about an enemy or possible enemy. It is information that has first been interpreted and evaluated. It can include the terrain, the weather, and any other information about a theater of operations. Military intelligence gathering has a long history with military studies.

By the time of the Battle of Kadesh in BC Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses II was known to have had court spies. In the biblical Book of Genesis Joseph thought his brothers were Canaanite spies.

The Chinese general and strategist Sun Tzu (544 BC – 496 BC) wrote about the importance of military intelligence. In his book The Art of War he wrote: "If you know both yourself and your enemy you can win a hundred battles without jeopardy." He emphasized the importance of using spies to learn an enemy's strength and what they were doing. He also wrote: "All warfare is based on deception". What he meant was war can even be avoided if you feed your enemy enough bad information. This is also called counterintelligence. Ancient Rome depended heavily on intelligence information to rule it's empire.

When Major General Joseph Hooker took command of the Army of the Potomac he ordered Colonel George H. Sharpe to establish an intelligence unit. In 1863, they established the Bureau of Military Information. The information they gathered was amazingly accurate. They calculated the size of the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia within 2% of the actual number. By war's end Sharpe knew more about the Army of Northern Virginia than many Confederate officers. One of the best sources of military information Sharpe's organization had was slaves who used the Underground Railroad to escape the South.

During World War I intelligence became better organized. For the first time Airplanes were used for intelligence gathering. An observer would fly with a pilot and diagram and map battlefields. They would also photograph intelligence targets and count troops. Operators at listening stations reported on enemy communications.

Before the 20th century accurate weather information was not available. Military planners had no data on the climate of their target area. In many cases they didn't even have accurate maps of the area. In 1941, when Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union they did not have any information on how harsh the Russian winters were. They did not have accurate maps of the roads. Between October 1941 and April 1942 the Germans lost between 100,000 and 112, 000 soldiers to frostbite. That is two-thirds of the number of soldiers who were killed in action or missing.

General knowledge of terrain has always been important to military intelligence. But environmental factors sometimes went unnoticed. At the Battle of Agincourt mud was a major factor in the English victory. The extremely muddy ground slowed down the French and made them easy prey for English archers. In the 17th and 18th centuries army quartermasters, in addition to providing supplies, also scouted terrain and planned s the army would take. One of the first major improvements in gaining scientific knowledge of terrain was during the Russo-Japanese War (1904–1905). The Russians used geologists to do a detailed survey of Korea. They also used geologists to advise them in building fortifications.

Having little or no knowledge of terrain has proved costly to many battles in history. During the Pacific War in World War II, the United States forces had little knowledge of the terrain of the many Pacific islands they fought on. After the war, the United States Army Corps of Engineers contracted with the United States Geological Survey to provide detailed geological information on occupied islands.

In addition to intelligence gathering on other countries, terrorism is also a major concern of military intelligence. Intelligence gathering by examining communications signals has been a regular activity of military intelligence. Since 2005 military and other intelligence services have also monitored the Internet.

In some 21st century countries, military intelligence competes with civilian-led intelligence agencies. Often military and civilian intelligence gathering have different goals and objectives. Both gather their own intelligence and do not always share information. New methods of intelligence gathering, such as video imagery, satellites, reconnaissance aircraft and drones, produce tremendous amounts of raw data. Artificial intelligence is used to analyze this data for information.


Casualty (person)

A casualty in military usage is a person in military service, who becomes unavailable for duty due to death or injury. It also includes illness, capture, desertion, etc.; or a civilian casualty.

In civilian usage the word "casualty" is properly used for a person who is killed, wounded or injured by some event. It is usually used to describe multiple deaths and injuries due to violent incidents or disasters. "Casualties" is sometimes loosely used to mean "fatalities", but non-fatal injuries are also casualties.

Bryant Reeves

Bryant Reeves (born June 8, 1973) is an American retired professional basketball player. He played six seasons with the Vancouver Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was nicknamed Big Country by his college teammate Byron Houston after he was amazed through his first cross-country flight over the United States, having grown up in the small town of Gans, Oklahoma.

Reeves played college basketball at the Oklahoma State University–Stillwater with the Cowboys. During his time with the Cowboys, Reeves led the team to the 1995 Final Four and averaged 21.5 points per game as a senior player.

He was selected 6th overall by the Vancouver Grizzlies in the 1996 NBA Draft. He was the Grizzlies' first-ever draft choice. During his six seasons with the Grizzlies, he had averaged 13.3 points per game in his rookie season and he averaged 16.2 points per game in 1997. On July 8, 1997, Reeves was given a six-year, $61.8 million contract extension. Reeves' best season came in 1997-98, when averaged 16.3 points, 7.9 rebounds, 1.08 blocked shots per game, and scored a career-high 41 points against the Boston Celtics.

After 1998, he began suffering from both weight-control problems and injuries. His production numbers had fell off severely. The Grizzlies were still using Reeves as their starting center but both his minutes per game dropped and his field goal percentage had dropped. When the Grizzlies were moved to Memphis in 2001, Reeves had to start the season on the injured list because of continuing back pain and he was never able to play another game after only playing two preseason games with Memphis. Reeves retired from playing professional basketball on January 29, 2002.

Since retiring, Reeves moved back to Gans, Oklahoma where he owns a large cattle ranch just outside of Gans and lives with his wife and three children.


Narratology

Narratology is the study of structure in narratives. The theory of narrative or narratology was developed in the 1960s. Narratology is based on the idea of a common literary language. Narratives are found and told through oral and written language. Narratology has helped to make it easier to understand the how and why of narrative. 


Red shirts

Redshirts or Red coats is the name given to the volunteers who followed Giuseppe Garibaldi. He was an Italian revolutionary who unified Italy by conquering the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies in 1861. 
The name came from the color of their shirts.

Man Against Machine

Man Against Machine is the tenth studio album by Garth Brooks. The album was released on November 11, 2014. It was Brooks' second studio album on his new label Pearl Records. It was his first studio album new material in nine years. Two of the singles, "People Loving People," and "Send 'Em on Down the Road" were released early and made available digitally on Brooks' official website and GhostTunes.com.


Granada Cathedral

Granada Cathedral (also called Cathedral of the Incarnation) is a cathedral in Granada, Spain. It is a Roman Catholic cathedral and is the seat of the Archdiocese of Granada. The site was once the center of Muslim Spain. In 1532 the Archbishop of Granada laid the cornerstone for the cathedral. The cathedral features a large number of paintings by the artist, sculptor and architect Alonso Cano.


Shareef Abdur-Rahim

Shareef Abdur-Rahim (born December 11, 1976) is an American retired professional basketball player. He currently works as the director of player personnel for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and is the general manager of the Reno Bighorns, the Kings' NBA D-League affiliate.

Abdur-Rahim played college basketball at the University of California, Berkeley with the Golden Bears. He was selected 3rd overall by the Vancouver Grizzlies in the 1996 NBA Draft. During his time with the Grizzlies, he became the team's leading scorer and set a franchise record of 18.7 points per game. He averaged 6.9 rebounds and 2.2 assists in 35 minutes per game. He also finished 3rd in balloting for the Schick NBA Rookie of the Year behind the Philadelphia 76ers' Allen Iverson and the Minnesota Timberwolves' Stephon Marbury, and was picked for the All-Rookie First Team. During the next few seasons, Abdur-Rahim was the centerpiece of the Grizzlies team. He improved his performance the following years with 22.3 ppg, 7.1 rpg and 2.6 assists per game (apg) in his sophomore season and 23.0 ppg, 7.5 rpg, and 3.4 apg in the next season. Even through his best effort, the Grizzlies were still at the bottom two spots of the Midwest Division in his first four seasons.

On June 27, 2001, the Grizzlies traded Abdur-Rahim and the 27th overall pick to the Atlanta Hawks for Brevin Knight, Lorenzen Wright and Pau Gasol, the 3rd overall pick in the 2001 NBA Draft. The Hawks finished the 2001–02 season with a 33–49 win-loss record. Abdur-Rahim's performances, which included a career-high 50-point game, earned him a selection to the NBA All-Star game for the season. On December 28, 2002, he became the fifth-youngest player in NBA history to reach 10,000-points with a jump shot against the Washington Wizards. Even though Glenn Robinson, Jason Terry and Abdur-Rahim all combined to average 57.9 ppg and become the highest-scoring trio in the league for the 2002–03 season, the team was unable to make the playoffs again. Abdur-Rahim played in all but one of game for the Hawks.

On February 9, 2004, the Hawks traded Abdur-Rahim along with Theo Ratliff and Dan Dickau to the Portland Trail Blazers for Rasheed Wallace and Wesley Person. At the end of the 2004–05 NBA season, he became a free agent.

During the 2005 off-season, he was traded through a sign and trade agreement (in principle) to the New Jersey Nets for a first-round draft pick. On August 4, 2005, it was revealed that he failed a required physical because of scar tissue found in his knee. The trade was put on hold, pending a second opinion from other medical sources. On August 7, Abdur-Rahim was quoted as saying: "Right now I don't feel I want to be a Net".

On August 12, 2005, Abdur-Rahim signed a free-agent contract with the Sacramento Kings.

During his first season with the Kings, he averaged 16.0 ppg, 6.2 rpg and 3.0 apg as a starter. He shot .543 for field goal percentage, and almost .800 from the free throw line. The Kings were able to qualify for the 2006 playoffs. He made his postseason career debut against the San Antonio Spurs. At the same time, Abdur-Rahim ended a streak of having played the most number of games in NBA history without participating in the post-season.

On September 22, 2008, Abdur-Rahim announced that he was retiring from basketball because of a constant knee injury. The next week, he joined the Kings' coaching staff as an assistant. He was hired as the Kings' assistant general manager on October 7, 2010.


Achraf Baznani

Achraf Baznani (born 1 January 1979) is a Moroccan artist, filmmaker and photographer. He was born in Marrakesh.

Baznani got started in photography by chance. He received a "Kodak Ektra Compact 250" camera for his birthday as a teen. Baznani is self-taught and has never taken photography classes. He has made several short films and documentaries. These include "Walk" in 2006 and "The Forgotten" in 2007. "The Immigrant" in 2007 received several national and international awards.

Baznani is best known for being the first artist in the Arab world to publish a photo-book based on surreal imagery. Both books, "Through My Lens" and "Inside My dreams", are surreal. Baznani places himself within his photographs of everyday objects, scenes and amusing situations.

His works were featured in various magazines worldwide like PicsArt, National Geographic, Mambo, Photo+, Amateur Photographer, Fotografe Melhor, Digital Photo magazine.

During 2014, he completed his "52 Project ", a personal mission which he committed to taking a picture every week in a row for a year.

On April 29th, 2015, Joel Robinson, a Canadian photographer, accused Achraf Baznani of plagiarism. His evidence was a long article, published both on his website and petapixel.com, that the Moroccan photographer used his work in a way that amounted to plagiarism.

Although Robinson did not mention Baznani by name, the nature of the case was said by Robinson to be as follows. Robinson's originals all had a photo of himself in the middle of a graphic design of some kind. In each case, Baznani removed Robinson's image and replaced it with one of himself.

Achraf Baznani has won these awards:








1st Army (Russian Empire)

The Russian First Army was a World War I Russian field army that fought on the Eastern Front for two years. 

It was commanded by General Paul Rennenkampf when Russia invaded East Prussia at the outbreak of war in 1914. They were accompanied by the Second Army commanded by General Alexander Samsonov. The plan was to trap the German army in a Pincer movement between the two armies. On 17 August the First Army engaged the Germans at Stallupönen. They fought the Germans again on 20 August at Gumbinnen and defeated them. Rennenkampf thought the Germans could be finished off by Samsonov's Second Army and did not move quickly enough to help them. In late August 1914 the German and Russian second army met at Tannenberg. The Second Army was and suffered complete destruction.

Let by General Paul von Hindenburg the Germans turned north to attack the Russian First army at First Battle of the Masurian Lakes in September 1914. The Russians fought hard but were driven back to the Russian border. Rennenkampf kept his troops in good order as they retreated. They set up defensive lines on the Russian border.

After another defeat near Silesia on November 11, Rennenkampf was dismissed. He was replaced by General Litvinov. The First Army again fought at Thorn and Lódź but there was no clear cut winner.

The First army evacuated Lódź and returned to their own lines for the remainder of the winter. The First Army served on the Northwestern front for the rest of the war. 

Offensive (military)

An offensive is an aggressive military operation usually aimed at an enemy force. It is also called an attack, an advance or an invasion. An offensive can be conducted on land, at sea or in the air. A common goal of an offensive is to engage the enemy in a battle. It can also be used to get an enemy to withdraw and avoid a battle.

A tactical offensive is an operation that is usually smaller or more limited. It often involves the use of special forces (or specialized forces). It often has a limited task such as the capture of a bridge or stronghold. A strategic offensive usually involves larger forces and usually has long-range goals.

Ewen Gilmour

David Ewen Gilmour ( 1963 – 2 October 2014), commonly known as Ewen Gilmour, was a New Zealand comedian and television presenter. 

Gilmour began his comedy career in 1995. He shared the first Billy T Award with Cal Wilson in 1997. He won the Decade Award - Best Male Comedian - 2000 to 2010 at the 2010 NZ Comedy Guild Awards. In 2012, he returned to the New Zealand International Comedy Festival "for the first time in a couple of years" with a one hour show called "S'Truth".

He has made many appearances on New Zealand television, including Pulp Comedy (1995), Intrepid Journeys - Peru (2003), Celebrity Treasure Island (2003), Dancing with the Stars series one (2005), and Comedy Christmas Cracker (2010). He was the host of the TV3 show "Road Madness", mainly about dangerous driving on New Zealand roads, which first aired in 2012.

On 3 October 2014 it was reported Gilmour died in his sleep, aged 51.


Robert Flower

Robert Flower (5 August 1955 – 2 October 2014) was an Australian rules footballer. He played with Melbourne Football Club. His first game was against Geelong in 1973. He captained the team from 1981 until his final game in 1987. He held the record for the number of games for his club, 272, until overtaken by David Neitz in 2006. Flower was born in Melbourne, Victoria.

Flower died on 2 October 2014, after a short illness.

Kevin Metheny

Kevin Metheny (c. 1954 – October 3, 2014) was an American radio executive. He was played by Paul Giamatti in the 1997 movie, "Private Parts". His final job in the radio industry was as operations manager of KGO-AM/KSFO-AM (San Francisco).

Metheny died in San Francisco, California from a suspected heart attack, aged 60.

Ward Ruyslinck

Raymond De Belser (17 June 1929 – 3 October 2014), pseudonym Ward Ruyslinck, was a Belgian writer. He was born in Berchem, Belgium. He was known for his book "Wierook en tranen" (""Incense and Tears""). He won the "Prijs voor Letterkunde van de Vlaamse provincies" for this work. In 1966, he wrote the bittersweet fairy tale "Golden Ophelia".

Ward Ruyslinck retired in 1984. His wife committed suicide in 1980. Afterwards, he moved to Meise to live with his mistress Monika Lo Cascio. Ruyslinck and Cascio wrote the autobiographical novel "De speeltuin" ("The Playground") in 1992.

Ruyslinck, who had from Alzheimer's disease, died on 3 October 2014 in a retirement home in Meise.

Jean-Jacques Marcel

Jean-Jacques Marcel (13 June 1931 – 3 October 2014) was a French international footballer. He played as a midfielder. He played for some of the French national teams of the 1950s. He played naturally in the FIFA World Cup 1954 and 1958. 

On 3 October 2014, it was announced by his former football club that Marcel died. He was 83.

Jean-Claude Duvalier

Jean-Claude Duvalier (), nicknamed "Bébé Doc" or "Baby Doc" (July 3, 1951 – October 4, 2014) was the President of Haiti from 1971 until his overthrow by a popular uprising in 1986. He succeeded François "Papa Doc" Duvalier, his father, as the ruler of Haiti.

Duvalier died of a heart attack on October 4, 2014, at the age of 63.

Splake

The splake or slake ("Salvelinus namaeycush X Salvelinus fontinalis") is a fish. It is the hybrid of a male brook trout ("Salvelinus fontinalis") and a female lake trout ("Salvelinus namaycush"). The name is a combination of speckled trout (another name for brook trout) and lake trout. The name may have been used as early as the 1880s. Hybrids of the male lake trout with the female brook trout (the so-called "brookinaw") have also been produced, but are not as successful.

Seville Cathedral

Seville Cathedral is one of the famous Roman Catholic cathedrals in Spain. It is in Seville state. It is the third largest cathedral in the world and the largest Gothic style cathedral. It was consecrated in 1507. In 1987, UNESCO added this church as a World Heritage site. 

In the early 16th century, Hagia Sophia made the church into a mosque. At that time, the cathedral was the largest church or cathedral in the world. Christopher Columbus is buried in this church.


Colac, Victoria

Colac is a town in the western district of Victoria, Australia. It is about south-west of Melbourne, on the southern shore of Lake Colac and the surrounding volcanic plains, approximately inland from Bass Strait. Colac is the largest city in and administrative centre of the Colac Otway Shire. At June 2016, Colac had a population of 12,411.

The first people to live in the area were the Gulidjan people. They had lived in the grasslands around the lakes for at least 30,000 years.
European settlers moved into the area in 1837. Within three years, most of Gulidjan lands had been taken over by sheep farmers.

The first European settler was Hugh Murray. In 1848, the town was named "Lake Colac".

In 1854 a shepherd, Thomas Brookhouse, who worked for Hugh Murray went missing. Another shepherd, Patrick McGeary left the town soon afterwards. Fifteen years later, Brookhouse's bones were found under a pile of rocks near Lake Corangamite. The skull had been crushed. It took police another two years to find McGeary, who was found guilty of murder and hanged in Melbourne in 1871. He had killed Brookhouse to stop him from telling Murray about his sheep stealing.

The Lake Colac Post Office opened on 1 July 1848. The name was changed to Colac in 1854.

Colac Botanic Gardens in Queen Street is next to the shores of Lake Colac. They were first planted in 1868, and remodelled in 1910 by William Guilfoyle. There is a large number of different of plants with many old and rare trees and a rose arbour.

A commemorative plaque on the southern side of the Memorial Square remembers two historic speeches given on consecutive nights in Colac. The two speeches declared Australia would join Britain to fight in World War I. On 5 September 1914 the Leader of the Opposition, Andrew Fisher said "...Australia will stand by the mother country to our last man and our last shilling". The next night, the Prime Minister Joseph Cook said that "...If the old country is at war, so are we".

Lake Colac dried up during the drought of 2008-2009. It has now refilled.

The railway reached the town in 1877. From 1883 the line was extended to reach as far as Port Fairy, in the south west of the state. The Irrewarra-Cressy line to Ballarat also ran from Colac between 1889 and 1953. There was also a branch line to Alvie opened in 1923 and closed in 1954. A narrow gauge railway line began in Colac going south to the small towns of Beech Forest and Crowes. This line opened in 1902 and closed in 1962.

The local railway station is served by V/Line passenger services on the Warrnambool line. The train stops at Camperdown and Terang.

Colac is on the Princes Highway.

Colac is the home of the annual "Cliff Young Australian 6-day race". The event has been going for over 20 years and is a running/walking event. It is held in the Memorial Square which is in the middle of Colac and attracts entries from all over the world.

The main industries are based on agriculture including dairy, beef, lamb and finewool merino industries, and a large timber industry. These include Bulla Dairy Foods, CRF Colac Otway Pty Ltd, Fonterra, Cororooke, and AKD Softwoods.

Colac has its own newspaper, "The Colac Herald", published on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Colac has a number of local radio stations: 3CS 1134AM, MIXX FM 106.3 MHz, and Otway FM 104.7 MHz& 99.1 MHz.

Television services are received via UHF from Ballarat Lookout Hill, as well as a local repeater on nearby Warrion hill.

FM radio services direct from Melbourne can be received in Colac but signal levels are low. Television services direct from Melbourne can be received in Colac but large antenna arrays must be used with mixed results.

Colac is serviced by Austar Subscription Television delivered by DTH satellite transmission, via Optus C1 Ku Band Satellite located at 156E.

Colac has two Australian Rules football teams competing in the Colac & District Football League, the Colac Imperials and South Colac. The Colac Tigers play in the Geelong Football League.

Colac has a horse racing club, the Colac Turf Club, which has around four race meetings a year including the Colac Cup meeting in February. It also has a picnic horse racing club, Colac St Patrick Picnic, which holds its one race meeting a year in March.

Golfers play at the Colac Golf Club on Colac - Lavers Hill Road, Elliminyt.

Colac also has a swimming club which trains swimmers and has athletes competing at Region, State and national competitions.

Colac also has a baseball club, the Colac Braves, which plays in the Geelong Baseball Association winter competition and the Pan Pacific Masters Games on the Gold Coast.


Castle of Almansa

The Castle of Almansa () is a castle in Almansa, Spain. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1921.

The Castle of Almansa was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Alcántara Bridge

Alcántara Bridge (also called Puente Trajan at Alcantara) is a Roman stone arch bridge. It was built over the Tagus River, Alcántara, Spain between 104 and 106 AD. The Roman emperor Trajan ordered this bridge built in 98 AD. The Alcántara Bridge was built at the expense of 12 local municipalities in Lusitania. The names were added on an inscription on the archway over the central pier.

The original length of this bridge was . It is now long The clear spans of the six arches from the right to the left riverside are , , , , and 

The Alcántara Bridge was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.



Neo-creationism

Creationism is the idea that life on earth was created by God. This idea comes from a literal reading of scripture, very often the Bible. Today, almost all scientists believe evolution is a good explanation. These scientists say that the scientific method does not allow certain explanations, mostly those that include supernatural elements. For this reason, a movement called Neo-creationism wants to re-state the ideas behind creationism and restart the discussion over the origins of life. The followers want to do this in such a way that religious terms are not used, and that there are no references to scripture. This should make it easier to talk to other groups, such as the scientific community or the general public. 

Cloud chamber

A cloud chamber is a sealed box with a supersaturated vapour of water or alcohol. When a charged particle (e.g. an alpha or beta particle) goes through it, the vapour is ionized. The resulting ions act as nuclei, around which a mist forms from the vapour.

The high energies of alpha and beta particles mean that a trail is left by ions produced along the path of the charged particle. These tracks have distinctive shapes (for example, an alpha particle's track is broad and shows more evidence of deflection by collisions, while an electron's is thinner and straight). When any uniform magnetic field is applied across the cloud chamber, positively and negatively charged particles will curve in opposite directions, according to the Lorentz force law.

The cloud chamber was invented by Charles Wilson (1869–1959), a Scottish physicist who received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1927 for this work. The first cloud chamber was made in 1911. The invention was used in the early days of atomic physics. It is often called the 'Wilson chamber'. Since then a number of other types of particle detectors have been invented.



Uric acid

Uric acid is a chemical compound that reptiles and birds excrete. It is a heterocyclic compound of carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, and hydrogen with the formula CHNO. It forms ions and salts known as urates and acid urates. Uric acid is a product of the metabolic breakdown of purine nucleotides. 

High blood concentrations of uric acid in people can lead to gout. The chemical is associated with other medical conditions such as diabetes, hypertension, and the formation of kidney stones (ammonium acid urate).


Guggenheim Museum Bilbao

The Guggenheim Museum Bilbao is a museum of modern art. It is in Abando, Bilbao, Spain. The museum was opened in 1997. It is one of the several museums belonging to Solomon R. Guggenheim foundation. This museum was designed by the architect Frank Gehry. There are no flat surfaces in this building. The structure of the building is made of glass, titanium, and limestone.
"Frank Gehry’s Guggenheim Museum Bilbao not only changed the way that architects and people think about museums, but also boosted Bilbao’s economy with its astounding success."
The museum has three aims in its mission. The museum wants to bring together and help the public to interpret the arts of our time. They want to encourage art education. They also want to increase the knowledge of the public's understanding of the arts. The collections at the Guggenheim Museum Bilbao have works by the some of the most famous artists of the past four decades. There are works of many genres including Minimalism, Pop Art, Conceptual Art and Abstract Expressionism. Spanish contemporary and Basque art are also displayed from some of the local and regional artists. 

There are over one hundred exhibitions in the museum. There have been approximately ten million visitors to the museum.


Purine

Purines include two of the bases in DNA and RNA.

A purine is a heterocyclic aromatic organic compound. It is a pyrimidine ring fused to an imidazole ring. Purines are the most widely occurring nitrogen-containing heterocycles in nature.

Purines and pyrimidines are the two groups of nitrogenous bases, and the two groups of nucleotide bases.


Telecommunications in Azerbaijan

Telecommunications in Azerbaijan is about television, radio, fixed and mobile telephones, and Internet in Azerbaijan.



As of 2014, Azerbaijan has 9 AM radio stations, 17 FM radio stations, and one shortwave radio station. There are also about 4,350,000 radios.


Azerbaijan has a total of 47 television channels. Four of them are public and 43 are private. Twelve are national television channels and 31 are regional.







Pyrimidine

Pyrimidines include three of the bases in DNA and RNA.

A pyrimidine is an aromatic heterocyclic organic compound, similar to purine. It has nitrogens at positions 1 and 3 in the ring. 

The pyrimidine ring system occurs widely in nature.
It is also found in many synthetic compounds such as barbiturates and the HIV drug, zidovudine. Uric acid is a pyrimidine derivative. 

State Statistics Committee (Azerbaijan)

The State Statistics Committee of Azerbaijan Republic () is a governmental agency within the Cabinet of Azerbaijan in charge of collection, processing and publishing statistical data on the economy, demographics and other sectors in the Republic of Azerbaijan. The State Statistics Committee was established on February 18, 1994 by President Heydar Aliyev. Its headquarters is located in the Azerbaijani capital city of Baku.



The Colbys

The Colbys was an American primetime soap opera. It was a spin-off of "Dynasty". It aired on ABC from November 1985 to March 1987. The stars of the series included Charlton Heston, John James, Emma Samms, Maxwell Caulfield, and Stephanie Beacham. This show was focused on the fictional rich Colby family from Los Angeles, California.

Paul Revere (musician)

Paul Revere Dick (January 7, 1938 - October 4, 2014) was an American musician and organ player. In 1958, he and other musicians founded the group "Paul Revere & the Raiders". They recorded many hits. He worked with the group until his death in 2014. Revere was born in Harvard, Nebraska.

Revere died from cancer in Garden Valley, Idaho, aged 76.

Alan Henning

Alan Henning (15 August 1967 – c. 3 October 2014) was a British taxicab driver-turned-humanitarian aid worker. He was the fourth Western hostage killed by Islamic State (IS). Henning was captured during IS's occupation of the Syrian city of Al-Dana in December 2013, where he was helping with humanitarian relief.

The British Foreign Office withheld news of Henning's capture while they attempted to negotiate his release. Henning was shown at the end of David Cawthorne Haines's execution video, released on 13 September 2014, and referred to by "Jihadi John" as the next victim. A video of Henning's beheading was released by IS on 3 October 2014.

Coleby Lombardo

Coleby Jason Lombardo (born September 7, 1978), is an American former child actor. He appeared in many movies and television series. The most popular of them was "The Colbys". In that series, he played young Scott Cassidy. He was nominated for a Young Artist Award for that role.

David Cawthorne Haines

David Cawthorne Haines (9 May 1970 – 13 September 2014) was a British aid worker. He was captured by the Islamic State in early 2013. He was later executed by beheading in early September 2014.

John J. Lloyd

John J. Lloyd (1922 – October 4, 2014) was an American art director and production designer. He was known for his work on such movies as "National Lampoon's Animal House", "The Blues Brothers", "The Thing", "Big Trouble in Little China", and "". He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Lloyd died in Santa Monica, California, aged 92.

Vaughn O. Lang

Vaughn Olin Lang (November 10, 1927 – October 2, 2014) was an American lieutenant general in the United States Army. Lang began his service as 2LT at the Officers’ Basic Course at Ft. Monmouth, New Jersey in 1952. He served in the Radio-Radar Procurement Branch and in the European Trans-Atlantic Project. Lang was a general during the Vietnam War. Lang was born in Williamsburg, Pennsylvania.

Lang died on October 2, 2014, at his home in Vienna, Virginia, aged 86.

Fyodor Cherenkov

Fyodor Fyodorovich Cherenkov () (25 July 1959 — 4 October 2014) was a Soviet and Russian football midfielder. He played for Spartak Moscow (1977–90 and 1991–94) and Red Star Football Club (1990–91). Cherenkov made 34 appearances for USSR national football team, scoring 12 goals. He was born in Moscow, Russia.

Cherenkov died in Moscow, Russia, aged 55.


Anna Przybylska

Anna Przybylska (26 December 1978 – 5 October 2014) was a Polish actress and model. She was born in Gdynia, Poland. She was ranked high amongst the most beautiful Polish actresses. In 2004, she was chosen to be the Polish ambassador for the ASTOR cometics brand. Two years later, she became the European ambassador for ASTOR. She was known for her role as Jadzia in "Kariera Nikosia Dyzmy" (2002).

Przybylska died on 5 October 2014 from pancreatic cancer in Gdynia, Poland, aged 35. 

Jules Bianchi

Jules Bianchi (3 August 1989 – 17 July 2015) was a French racing driver. He drove for the Marussia F1 team. He made his Formula One debut in 2013, driving for Marussia alongside Max Chilton. He previously raced in Formula Renault 3.5, the GP2 Series and Formula Three.

During the Japanese Grand Prix on 5 October, Bianchi's car crashed with a recovery vehicle which was helping to the car of Adrian Sutil, who had crashed the lap before. The race was cancelled after the crash. The FIA released a statement that CT scans have shown Bianchi suffered a "severe head injury" in the crash, and he will be transferred to intensive care following surgery. Bianchi died in Nice, France on 17 July 2015 from complications of his injuries at the age of 25.


Elya Baskin

Ilya (Elya) Zalmanovich Baskin (; ; born 11 August 1950) is a Soviet-American actor of Jewish descent. He is known for his roles in "Moscow on Hudson", "Air Force One", "The Name of the Rose", "2010", "October Sky", "Spider-Man 2", and in "".

Niagara Movement

The Niagara Movement, was a civil rights group of African-American activists who wanted equal rights for blacks. It was led by W. E. B. Du Bois. The movement opposed the Atlanta Compromise by Booker T. Washington.

Harvard, Nebraska

Harvard is a city in Clay County, Nebraska, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 951.

Division of Moncrieff

The Division of Moncrieff is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. The division was created in 1984 and is named after Gladys Moncrieff (1892-1976), an Australian singer who lived in the area.

Moncrieff is located in south east Queensland, and includes the central area of the Gold Coast, including Surfers Paradise.


Liverpool 8

Liverpool 8 is the fourteenth studio album by Ringo Starr. The album was released on January 15, 2008. It was his first and only studio album on the Capitol Records label.

"Liverpool 8" is the postal district of the Toxteth area of Liverpool where Starr was born.

Elissa's Quest

Elissa's Quest is a children's fantasy novel written by Erica Verillo. The book was first published on June 26, 2007 and has been printed again twice since then on June 24, 2008 and March 12, 2009. 

The novel is the first in Verillo's "The Phoenix Rising" trilogy, and is followed by "Elissa's Odyssey" and "World's End". The trilogy follows 13 year old Elissa in a fantasy world where she must team up with several other gifted youngsters and grant the phoenix another regeneration- but even she does not know this. Fate must show her.

The book also has cover art by Omar Rayyan and is aimed for children ages 9 to 12.

Almansa

Almansa is a Spanish town and municipality in the province of Albacete. The municipality borders with Alicante, Valencia and Murcia. Almansa is famous for its "Moros y Cristianos" festival celebrated from the 1st to the 6th of May.

Almansa is built at the foot of a white limestone cliff. It has a Moorish castle at the top. It is in the middle of a fertile and irrigated plain. About south of the town centre there is an obelisk to remind people of the Battle of Almansa. The battle was fought there on the 25 April 1707 during the War of Spanish Succession. The Duke of Berwick who the son of James II defeated the allied British, Portuguese and Spanish troops.

The Sierra del Mugrón is located in the Almansa city limits.

The main sightseeing attraction is the 14th-century Castle of Almansa.

There are other important monuments, such as:

8 km from the city is the reservoir of Almansa, built in 1584. This reservoir is the oldest one in Europe. 12 km from the city is the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Belen (17th century).


Hoot (novel)

Hoot is a young adult novel written by Carl Hiaasen. It was originally published in 2002. "Hoot" won the Newbery Medal in 2003.

The novel is about a boy named Roy Eberhardt and his friends, Beatrice Leep and Mullet Fingers. They work to save a nest of burrowing owls at a construction site. 

The book was turned into a movie in 2006. The movie starred Logan Lerman as Roy, Brie Larson as Beatrice, Cody Linley as Mullet Fingers, Luke Wilson as David Delinko, Tim Blake Nelson as Curly Brannit, and Clark Gregg as Chuck Muckle.

Dolphin Song

Dophin Song is a children's novel by Lauren St. John. It is the second in the "Legend of the Animal Healer" series. The other books in the series are "The White Giraffe", "The Last Leopard", and "The Elephant's Tale".

"Dophin Song" was first published on August 1, 2007. It was published nine times from 2008 to 2010. 

The story is about a girl named Martine. She has the ability to heal animals. She has many adventures because of her that. In this book, she and several of her schoolmates get stuck on island out in the middle of nowhere. They have to learn to get along and survive alone.

Beach of La Concha

The Beach of La Concha (, ) is a beach in the "Bay of La Concha" (Shell Bay, in Spanish, named for its shape) in San Sebastián, Basque Country. It is one of the most famous urban beaches in Europe.

The beach is sandy. The sand doesn't go very deep. The tide going in and out changes the amount of area that can be used. By the beach there is a long walkway. The beach is known as an urban beach in wide use.

"The Concha stretches out for a kilometre and a half, with the accent on elegance and delightful city views."


Santiago de Compostela Cathedral

The Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela () is a cathedral in Galicia in Spain. It is in the World Heritage Site of Santiago de Compostela. People believe that Saint James the Great, one of the apostles of Jesus, is buried there. The building is a Romanesque structure with later Gothic and Baroque additions.


City of Arts and Sciences

The City of Arts and Sciences (; ) is an entertainment-based cultural and architectural complex in the city of Valencia, Spain. It is the most important modern tourist place in the city of Valencia. It is one of the 12 Treasures of Spain.



Cathedral-Basilica of Our Lady of the Pillar

The Basilica–Cathedral of Our Lady of the Pillar () is a Roman Catholic church in Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. The Basilica venerates Blessed Virgin Mary, under her title of “Our Lady of the Pillar”. This church is the first church dedicated to Mary. 

This building is one of the 12 Treasures of Spain.


M60 Patton

The M60 Patton is a main battle tank (MBT) introduced in December 1960. The M60 became the Army's primary tank during the Cold War. When the Soviet Union got the T-54 tank, the United States decided to upgrade the M48 Patton tank. The armor was improved. It was fitted with the British L7 105 mm tank gun. The army also decided to switch from gasoline to diesel.

12 Treasures of Spain

The 12 Treasures of Spain () was a project that selected the "Twelve Treasures of the Kingdom of Spain". The contest was done by two companies: Antena 3 and Cope. The final results were announced on 31 December 2007. Nine architectural monuments, two natural monuments and a monument pictorial were chosen.

In 2007 there was an international competition to choose the New Seven Wonders of the World. Four months later, Antena 3 and Onda Cero started a contest to choose the 12 Treasures of Spain. The people voted in the contest. People voted via internet and mobile phones. They received over 9,000 applications. The candidates were drawn down to 20. They were going to choose 7 Treasures of Spain. Later that number was changed to 12.

The twelve winners in order of votes were:


Calahorra Cathedral

The Cathedral of Santa María () is a cathedral in Calahorra, Spain.

The building is protected for its historic interest and has been since 1931. In Spanish it is called a "Bien de Interés Cultural" (property of cultural interest).


Opel Karl

The Opel Karl was a small car from the German carmaker Opel produced from 2014 to 2021. It was rebadged by VinFast as the VinFast Fadil. It is sold in the UK as a Vauxhall Viva, a name last used on a medium-sized car sold for 3 generations between 1963 and 1979. 

Pamplona Cathedral

Pamplona Cathedral is a famous Roman catholic cathedral in Spain. It is the seat of archdiocese of Pamplona, Spain. It is famous for its Gothic architecture. 



Valladolid Cathedral

The Cathedral of Our Lady of the Holy Assumption (), better known as Valladolid Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Valladolid, Spain. It was designed by Juan de Herrera.

Badajoz Cathedral

The Metropolitan Cathedral of Saint John the Baptist of Badajoz () is a Roman Catholic cathedral church in Badajoz, Extremadura, western Spain. It is the seat of the Archdiocese of Mérida-Badajoz.


Oviedo Cathedral

The Metropolitan Cathedral Basilica of the Holy Saviour or Cathedral of San Salvador (, ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral and minor basilica in the centre of Oviedo, in the Asturias region of northern Spain.

Many styles of architectural styles were used in building the cathedral. They include Romanesque, Gothic and Renaissance. It began as a large Pre-Romanesque basilica in the present location of the Gothic cathedral. That first building was built by order of King Alfonso II of Asturias.

The Cathedral was founded by King Fruela I of Asturias in 781 AD. In 802, his son Alfonso II of Asturias made it bigger. He made Oviedo the capital of the Kingdom of Asturias.



La Seo Cathedral

The Cathedral of the Savior () is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Zaragoza, Spain. It is part of the World Heritage Site "Mudéjar Architecture of Aragon".



Alcazaba of Almería

The Alcazaba of Almería is a fortified complex in Almería, southern Spain. The word "alcazaba", from the Arabic word "Kasbah|al-qasbah", means a walled-fortification in a city.

The Alcazaba of Almería was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Cabo de Gata-Níjar Natural Park

Cabo de Gata-Níjar Natural Park is a natural park in the southeastern corner of Spain in the Province of Almería, Andalusia. It is Andalusia's largest coastal protected area. It is a wild and isolated landscape with some of Europe's most original geological features. It is the only region in Europe with a desert climate.

Cabo de Gata-Níjar was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.



Palacio de la Magdalena

The Palacio de la Magdalena (Spanish for Magdalena Palace) is an early 20th-century palace in Spain. It is on the Magdalena Peninsula of the city of Santander, Cantabria.

The Palacio de la Magdalena was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Construction of the palace was started in 1908 by the local government of Santander. The palace was built to be a place where the royal family of Spain would live for part of the year.


Defensin

A defensin is a small cation protein found in animals and plants. They are host defence peptides. They work against bacteria, fungi and many viruses. 

Defensins have 18-45 amino acids including six to eight conserved cysteine residues. Cells of the immune system have these peptides to help kill phagocytosed bacteria. Those cells include neutrophil granulocytes and almost all epithelial cells. Most defensins work by binding to the microbial cell membrane. Once there, they make tiny holes in the membrane which allow vital ions and nutrients to leak out.


Málaga Cathedral

The Cathedral of Málaga is a Renaissance cathedral in the city of Málaga in Andalusia, Spain. It was constructed between 1528 and 1782. 

The cathedral, built on a rectangular floor plan, is composed of a nave and two aisles. The nave is wider but has the same height as the aisles. The choir stalls are the work of Pedro de Mena.



Expecting Amish

Expecting Amish is a 2014 drama made for television movie. It was shown on the Lifetime channel.

A 18-year-old girl Hannah Yoder is about to join the church and get married. She decided she likes better the Hollywood life style even it means she will never see her family again.



Girona Cathedral

The Cathedral of Saint Mary of Girona is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Girona, located in Girona, Catalonia, Spain. Its interior includes the widest Gothic nave in the world. It has a width of . In size it is second only to St. Peter's Basilica. By comparison, the width of the nave of Reims is , Saint-Étienne de Sens, m and , in Notre Dame de Paris.


Garajonay National Park

Garajonay National Park () is one of the national parks of Spain. It is in the center and north of the island of La Gomera which is one of the Canary Islands off the coast of Morocco.

It is named for Alto de Garajonay which is the highest peak on the island. The park is usually covered by clouds which helps preserve over 150 species of plants. Garajonay became a national park in 1981. It was declared as World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1986. It occupies 40 km (15 sq mi) and it extends into each of the six municipalities on the island.


Santa María del Naranco

The church of St Mary at Mount Naranco () is a Roman Catholic church in Oviedo, northern Spain. It was built in 848 as a royal palace for King Ramiro I of Asturias. It was changed into a church during the 13th century. Santa María church is an example of Asturian pre-Romanesque architecture. In 1985 it was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1885. The Church of St Mary at Mount Naranco was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.




Royal Palace of Aranjuez

The Royal Palace of Aranjuez () is one of the places the King of Spain lives. It is in the town of Aranjuez, Community of Madrid, Spain. The palace is open to the public as one of the Spanish royal sites.

It was originally the site of a medieval hunting lodge. Philip II built it as a modest summer palace. The palace was designed by Juan Bautista de Toledo and Juan de Herrera who also designed El Escorial. Later kings kept adding to it. It was completed during the reign of Ferdinand VI in the mid-18th century. Charles III added two wings to it. By that time the palace had over 300 rooms.

The Royal Palace of Aranjuez was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Host defence peptide

A Host defence peptide (or antimicrobial peptide) is one of a part of the innate immune response. They are found among all classes of life.

They act against invading microorganisms. The peptides kill Gram negative and Gram positive bacteria. This includes strains which are resistant to conventional antibiotics. The peptides also work against mycobacteria (including "Mycobacterium tuberculosis"), enveloped viruses, fungi and even transformed or cancerous cells.

These peptides are excellent candidates for medical use. They complement conventional antibiotic therapy. They have a broad range of activity, and are bactericidal as opposed to bacteriostatic. They need only a short contact time to kill bacteria.

There are big differences between prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells as targets for antimicrobial peptides. These peptides are potent, broad spectrum antibiotics. Unlike most antibiotics it seems that antimicrobial peptides may also improve immunity by working as immunomodulators (beefing up the immune system).


Mar Menor

Mar Menor (, "Minor sea") is a salty lagoon, in the southeast of the autonomous community of Murcia, in Spain. It separated from the Mediterranean sea by La Manga, a sandbar in length and with a width ranging from to .

It belongs to four municipalities: Cartagena, Los Alcázares, San Javier and San Pedro del Pinatar. It has a surface area of . It has a perimeter of . The warm and clear water is no more than in depth. It was called ""the largest swimming pool in the world"", by famous swimmer and Hollywood actress Esther Williams.

The water has a high salt content which aids in flotation. It is one of the most popular places in Europe for a wide variety of water sports.

First the Phoenicians and then the Moorish kings, chose this "small sea" as the site of their summer residences. Today, this area attracts all those who seek a quiet place to rest and relax. There are ideal weather conditions all year round.

At the northern end there are salt marshes which include a wetland of international importance. This area is conserved as a natural park run by the local government. Its Spanish name is "". The microbes that live in this coastal lagoon have been recently described.
In 1994 the Mar Menor was on the Ramsar Convention list for the conservation and sustainable use of wetlands. The Mar Menor is also part of a Specially Protected Area of Mediterranean Importance and is a Special Protection Area ("ZEPA" in Spanish) for bird life.

The Mar Menor was one of the top 100 finalists for 12 Treasures of Spain announced on 31 December 2007.


Fury (2014 movie)

Fury is a 2014 American war movie starring Brad Pitt. It is set in Germany in April 1945. The release date was October 17, 2014.

Palacio de Galiana

The Palacio de Galiana is a palace in Toledo, Spain. It is on the borders of the Tagus River. It was built where there had been a summer house and garden of the king Al-Mamun, the king of the Taifa of Toledo. It was built in the thirteenth century by king Alphonso X.


Poblet Monastery

The Royal Abbey of Santa Maria de Poblet () is a Cistercian monastery. The abbey is located at the feet of the Prades Mountains, in the comarca of Conca de Barberà, in Catalonia (Spain). It was founded in 1150 by Ramon Berenguer IV, Count of Barcelona. It was the first of three monasteries that made up the "Cistercian triangle". The other two were Vallbona de les Monges and Santes Creus. The main architect was Arnau Bargués.

The following kings and queens of Aragon are buried at the Poblet Monastery:



Cysteine

Cysteine (abbreviated as Cys or C) is an α-amino acid. It has the chemical formula HOCCH(NH)CHSH. 

Cysteine is a semi-essential amino acid, which means that humans can make it. The codons UGU and UGC code for cysteine. The thiol side chain in cysteine often does enzyme reactions as a nucleophile. The thiol oxidises to give the disulfide derivative cystine, which is important in many protein structures. When used as a food additive, cysteine has the E number E920.

Lugo Cathedral

Saint Mary's Cathedral (), better known as Lugo Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic cathedral and basilica. It is located in Lugo, Galicia (Spain). It was built starting from the early 12th century. It was started in the Romanesque style. During its construction the style changed to Gothic and Baroque architecture. 

The cathedral has a Latin cross floor plan, with a length of . It has a nave, covered by a barrel vault, and two aisles, with an ambulatory and five apse chapels.

Terrassa Cathedral

Terrassa Cathedral, or the Cathedral Basilica of the Holy Spirit (, ), is a Roman Catholic cathedral on the plaça Vella of Terrassa. It is the seat of the Diocese of Terrassa.

Teruel Cathedral

The Cathedral of Teruel is a church in Teruel, Aragon, Spain. It belongs to St. Mary. It is a notable example of Mudéjar architecture. Since 1986, it has been part of the UNESCO Heritage site Mudéjar Architecture of Aragon.

The bell tower is one of the best preserved Mudéjar towers in Spain. It is square. It has three floors. It is decorated with azulejos (painted tiles) and ceramic glaze. At the top is an octagonal lantern from the 18th century.


Monfragüe

Monfragüe is a comarca (county, with no administrative role) of Extremadura, western Spain. It contains one of the country's fifteen National Parks, "".

Since 1979, the area has been protected as a natural park.

Monfragüe was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Sierra Nevada National Park

The Sierra Nevada National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Sierra Nevada) is a national park in Spain. It is in the Granada and Almería provinces. Its area is .

Sierra Nevada was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

There are more than 20 peaks over . The highest are Mulhacén (), Veleta () and Alcazaba ().


Baeza Cathedral

The Cathedral of Baeza (), in full the Cathedral of the Nativity of Our Lady of Baeza () is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Baeza, Andalusia, Spain. It was built in the styles of the Renaissance. It is part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site with other monuments in Baeza and the nearby city of Úbeda. The cathedral was one of 100 nominees for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Tower of Hercules

The Tower of Hercules (Galician and ) is an ancient Roman lighthouse in Spain. It is on a peninsula about from the centre of A Coruña, Galicia.

The tower is a National Monument of Spain. Since June 27, 2009, it has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is the second tallest lighthouse in Spain, after the Faro de Chipiona.

The Tower of Hercules was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.




Monasteries of San Millán de la Cogolla

The monasteries of San Millán de Suso (6th century) and San Millán de Yuso (11th century) are two monasteries in the village of San Millán de la Cogolla, La Rioja, Spain. They were designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in December 1997.
The first written text in spanish and euskera was found there in the book called “glosas Emilianenses”.This treasure is the reason why this place is part of the human patrimony.

The monasteries were one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Latin cross

A Latin cross or Crux immissa is a type of Christian cross in which the vertical beam sticks above the crossbeam. This is the main representation of the cross by which Jesus Christ was crucified. The Latin cross began as a Roman Catholic emblem but later became a universal symbol of Christianity. If displayed upside down it is called St. Peter's Cross because he was reputedly executed on this type of cross. When displayed sideways it is called St. Philip's cross for the same reason.

A Latin cross plan is a floor plan found in many cathedrals and churches. When looked at from above or in plan view it takes the shape of a Latin cross ("crux immissa"). The Latin cross plans have a nave with aisles or chapels, or both and a transept that forms the arms of the cross. It also has at least one apse that traditionally faces east. Many also have a narthex at the entry.


Ambulatory

The ambulatory (Medieval Latin "ambulatorium") is the covered passage around a cloister. The term is sometimes applied to the procession way around the east end of a cathedral or large church. This is usually behind the high altar. 

Barrel vault

A barrel vault, also known as a tunnel vault or a wagon vault, is a type of ceiling. It is an architectural element formed by the extension of a simple arch. It forms the shape of a semicircle over parallel walls.

Hunter Pence

Hunter Andrew Pence (born April 13, 1983) is a retired American Major League Baseball player. Pence plays for the San Francisco Giants. He plays the position outfielder. He previously played for the Houston Astros and Philadelphia Phillies. Pence is tall. He weighs . He bats and throws right-handed. Pence was with the San Francisco Giants when they won the World Series in 2012.

Houston Astros

Hunter Pence in 2008 with the Astros.
A college player from Texarkana, Texas, Hunter Pence was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the 40th round in 20021 but turned down the offer to join the University of Texas at Arlington Mavericks. He later signed his first professional contract with the Houston Astros, who selected him in the second round of the 2004 amateur player draft.

He played his first major league game on April 28, 2007. In his rookie season, he maintained an impressive batting average of .322 and totaled 17 home runs and 69 runs batted in 108 games. He finished 3rd in the National League Rookie of the Year voting, behind Ryan Braun and Troy Tulowitzki.

Pence improved his statistics in his second year, hitting 160 hits, 13 more than his first season. He hit 25 home runs and drove in 83 runs. However, his batting average dropped to .269.

In 2009, the outfielder earned his first All-Star selection in Major League Baseball.

This section is empty, insufficiently detailed, or incomplete. Your assistance is welcome! How to help?

Pence was once again invited as the Astros' representative to the All-Star Game in 2011.

Philadelphia Phillies

Hunter Pence in June 2012 with the Philadelphia Phillies.
On July 29, 2011, just two days before the trade deadline in Major League Baseball, Pence was traded to the Philadelphia Phillies in exchange for four minor league players (first baseman Jonathan Singleton, right-handed pitchers Jarred Cosart and Josh Zeid, outfielder Domingo Santana)). Pence hit .324 with 35 runs batted in the last 54 games of the season with the Phillies. During this period, he hit 11 home runs, the same number he had in the previous 100 games of the 2011 season with Houston. He finished the year with a .314 batting average, 190 hits, 22 home runs, and 97 runs batted in (a new personal record). He had four hits, drove in four runs, and scored three in the five-game Division Series between the Phillies and the St. Louis Cardinals.

Pence had a somewhat disappointing first half of the 2012 season. In 101 games in Philadelphia, his batting average was .271. He had 17 home runs and 59 runs batted in but also slightly more strikeouts (85).

Hunter Pence in 2013 with the San Francisco Giants.
On July 31, 2012, Hunter Pence was traded to the San Francisco Giants in a deal that sent outfielder Nate Schierholtz, minor league catcher Tommy Joseph, and minor league right-handed pitcher Seth Rosin to Philadelphia.

He batted only .219 in his last 59 games of the 2012 season with San Francisco but still hit 7 home runs and had 45 runs batted in. He finished the season with 24 home runs and a career-high 104 runs batted in. His batting average was .253 in 160 games played for Philadelphia and the Giants. His batting average was .209 in 16 playoff games with one home run and 4 runs batted in, and he enjoyed winning the 2012 World Series with San Francisco, his first title of that kind.

The mediocre performances of late 2012 gave way to an excellent 2013 season for Pence, who was one of the top hitters for the Giants. Playing all 162 games for his team, he set a new personal record for home runs (27), added 35 doubles, had a total of 178 hits, and drove in 99 runs. He scored 91 runs and stole a personal best of 22 bases in 25 attempts. He was named the National League Player of the Month for September 2013 with 11 home runs, the highest slugging percentage in the majors during that period (.667), 16 walks, 23 runs scored, and an on-base percentage of .393.

As the 2013 season ended, Pence, who was set to become a free agent in the following weeks, signed a $90 million contract for 5 seasons with San Francisco.

Pence received his 3rd career All-Star Game invitation in 2014, his first since joining the Giants.

Pence was not in the starting lineup for the Giants on September 27, 2014, ending a streak that began on September 25, 2012, of 331 consecutive starts, the longest active streak in the majors. However, a pinch-hit appearance extended his consecutive games played streak to 382, the longest active streak of its kind in the majors.

Pence won the World Series for the second time in his career when the Giants triumphed over the Kansas City Royals in the 2014 World Series. He batted .444 in the 7 games of the final, with 12 hits, a home run, 5 runs batted in, 7 runs scored, an on-base percentage of .500, and a slugging percentage of .667. He reached base 15 times in 30 plate appearances against the Royals. In total, in 17 playoff games in 2014, Pence maintained a batting average of .333 and an on-base percentage of .405.

On March 5, 2015, during spring training with the Giants, Pence fractured his left forearm when hit by a pitch from Corey Black of the Chicago Cubs, an injury that forced him into an expected 6 to 8-week period of inactivity. Indeed, he returned, following a tweet to Giants manager Bruce Bochy, on May 16. He made his season debut in Cincinnati, where he went 2 for 3 that day and hit a home run the next day.

Pontifical Catholic University of Minas Gerais

Pontifical Catholic University of Minas Gerais (Pontifícia Universidade Católica de Minas Gerais, short PUC-MG) is an university of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. It was established in 1958. It is one of the five largest universities in Brazil. In 2010 it was nominated the best private university in Brazil by Best Universities.


Walls of Ávila

The Walls of Ávila in central Spain were completed between the 11th and 12th centuries. They are the city's principal historic feature.

The work was started in 1090 by Raymond of Burgundy. Most of the walls appear to have been rebuilt in the 12th century. The enclosed area is a rectangle of with a perimeter of some , including 90 semicircular crenellated towers. The walls have an average width of . They have an average height of . The wall has nine fortified gates. The Puerta de San Vicente (Gate of St Vincent) and Puerta del Alcazar (Gate of the Fortress) are flanked by twin towers, high, linked by a semicircular arch. The apse of the cathedral also forms one of the towers. The fortifications are the most complete in Spain.

It is possible to walk on the walls for about half their circumference. Some of the walls will never be able to be walked on because they are connected to other buildings. There is a large section of the walls that have not been made safe for people.

The site was registered as a National Monument in 1884. In 1985, the old city of Ávila and its extramural churches were declared a World Heritage site by UNESCO.

The walls were one of finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.



Intersection (movie)

Intersection is a 1994 drama movie. The movie is about an architect who has flashbacks when his Mercedes crashes. Lolita Davidovich plays Olivia Marshak. Sharon Stone plays Sally Eastman. Jennifer Morrison also stars in the movie.

The reviews of the movie were negative. It did poorly in the box office.

Hanging Houses of Cuenca

The Casas Colgadas (Hanging Houses), also known as Casas Voladas, Casas del Rey is a complex of houses located in Cuenca, Spain. Houses of this kind were frequent along the eastern border of the ancient city in the past. They hang on the cliffs over the Huécar River gorge. Today there are only a few of the houses still there. The most well known is a group of three with wooden balconies. The houses date to the 14th century. Through the years they have been refurbished a few times. The most recent took place during the 1920s. They have been used as individual homes. They have also been used as council houses. Now they are the host to a "mesón", a type of restaurant, and the Museo de Arte Abstracto Español (Spanish Abstract Art Museum), in Cuenca.

The Casas Colgadas were one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Blink (movie)

Blink is a 1994 American neo noir crime drama mystery movie. It is set in Chicago. The movie is about a young blind musician. She has surgery that makes her see again. Madeleine Stowe plays Emma Brody. Laurie Metcalf plays Candice.

This movie got mixed to positive reviews.

David Chavchavadze

Prince David Chavchavadze (20 May 1924 – 5 October 2014) was an British-born American author and civil servant. He was a former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) officer for the United States. He is of Georgian-Russian origin. He was born in London, England.

Chavchavadze died in his sleep on 5 October 2014 in Washington, D.C., after a long illness, aged 90.


Serhiy Zakarlyuka

Serhiy Volodymyrovych Zakarlyuka (17 August 1976 – 6 October 2014) was a Ukrainian footballer and football manager. 

Zakarlyuka has played for a number of clubs in Ukraine and played for the Ukraine national team on 9 occasions between 2002 and 2004.

On 6 October 2014, Zakarlyuka was killed in the traffic accident just outside of Poltava.


Palma Cathedral

The Cathedral of Santa Maria of Palma is a Gothic Roman Catholic cathedral located in Palma, Majorca, Spain. It was built on the site of a pre-existing Arab mosque. It is 121 metres long and 55 metres wide. Its nave is 44 metres tall. 

The cathedral was styled in the Catalan Gothic style. It has Northern European influences. The building was it was started by King James I of Aragon in 1229. It was finished building in 1601. It sits within the old city of Palma. It is on top of the former citadel of the Roman city. It is between the Royal Palace of La Almudaina and the episcopal palace. It overlooks the "Parc de la Mar" and the Mediterranean Sea.

Fifty years after a restoration of the cathedral had started in 1901 Antoni Gaudí was invited to take over the project. Some of his ideas were adopted. He moved the choir stalls from the middle nave to be closer to the altar. He also made a large canopy. Gaudí abandoned his work in 1914 after an argument with the contractor. The planned changes were cosmetic rather than structural. The project was cancelled soon after.

The Cathedral of Santa Maria of Palma was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Zzyzx, California

Zzyzx , formerly Camp Soda and Soda Springs, is an unincorporated community in San Bernardino County, California, United States. It is within the boundaries of Mojave National Preserve.


Anna Maria Gherardi

Anna Maria Gherardi (21 March 1939 – 5 October 2014) was an Italian actress and voice actress. She was known for her roles in "Lost Love" and in "Petomaniac". She was born in Bologna, Italy.

Gherardi died in Rome, Italy, aged 75.

Peer Augustinski

Peer Augustinski (June 25, 1940 – October 3, 2014) was a German actor and voice actor. He was born in Berlin. He was the official German dub-over artist of Robin Williams. Augustinski voice dubbed nearly all of Williams' work such as "Awakenings", "Toys", "Good Will Hunting", "Aladdin", and "Dead Poets Society".

Augustinski died in Cologne, aged 84.


Time Warner Cable News NY1

NY1 (also known as Time Warner Cable News NY1 and spoken as "New York One") is an American cable news television channel. It is owned by Time Warner Cable. The channel provides 24-hour news coverage, with a focus on the five boroughs of New York City. Its programming primarily features news and weather forecasts. NY1 also features specialty programs such as "Inside City Hall" (which is renamed "Road to City Hall" during New York City mayoral elections).

Winter Solstice (band)

Winter Solstice is an American metalcore band formed in 2000. The group split up in 2006.

Palmeral of Elche

The Palmeral or Palm Grove of Elche (Spanish: "Palmeral de Elche", Valencian: "Palmerar d'Elx") is the generic name for the date palm orchards in the city of Elche (Spain).

In the urban area of Elche there are a total of 97 different orchards. They contain about 70,000 date palms. Most of them are in the east bank of the Vinalopó. This number does not include other large plantations located around the city. The total may be near 200,000 palms. The Palm Grove covers over , including in the city of Elche.

It is the only palm grove of its type anywhere in Europe. It is the largest in the world. The Palm Grove of Elche was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Rolling coal

Rolling coal is a term used to describe the result of intentionally removing the pollution controls on diesel trucks or cars. This causes the vehicle to produce black, sooty exhaust. Participants often "roll coal" on pedestrians, bicyclists and drivers of hybrid vehicles.

Pollution controls such as exhaust filters are removed. Additionally, the vehicle may be modified to deliver more fuel to the engine than usual. The turbocharger may also be disabled, although this is uncommon because it can reduce performance and cause engine problems.

In most countries, rolling coal is prohibited by anti-pollution laws, for example, in the United States it is prohibited by the Clean Air Act.

Park Güell

The Park Güell (Catalan: "Parc Güell") is a public park system of gardens and architectonic elements. It is located on Carmelo Hill, in Barcelona (Spain). Carmelo Hill belongs to the mountain range of Sierra de Collserola — the Parque del Carmelo (Catalan: "Parc del Carmel") is located on the northern face. Park Güell is located in La Salut, a neighborhood in the Gràcia district of Barcelona. With urbanization in mind, Eusebi Güell gave the design of the park to architect Antoni Gaudí. He designed the park in the Catalonian modernism style. The park was built between 1900 and 1914. It opened as a public park in 1926. 

In 1984, UNESCO declared the park a World Heritage Site under “Works of Antoni Gaudí”.
Park Güell was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Edward Albee

Edward Franklin Albee III ( ; March 12, 1928 – September 16, 2016) was an American playwright. He was known for works such as "The Zoo Story" (1958), "The Sandbox" (1959), "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" (1962), and a rewrite of the book for the unsuccessful musical "Breakfast at Tiffany's" (1966), an adaptation of Truman Capote's 1958 novella of the same name.

In 1963, "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" won the Tony Award for Best Play. He won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1967 for "A Delicate Balance", in 1975 for "Seascape", and in 1994 for "Three Tall Women".

Albee was openly gay and stated that he first knew he was gay at age 12 and a half.

Albee died on September 16, 2016 at his home in Montauck, New York from complications of diabetes, aged 88.

Works written or adapted by Albee:



Why, Arizona

Why (O'odham: Ban Hi:nk) is a tiny unincorporated rural community in Pima County, Arizona, United States. 

Why is near the western border of the Tohono O'Odham Indian Reservation. It is due north of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument in Southern Arizona. 

Why is about thirty miles north of the Mexican border where Lukeville, Arizona, and Sonoita, Sonora, Mexico, border each other. It is ten miles south of Ajo, Arizona.


Logic programming

Logic programming is using mathematical logic to write computer programs. There are specialized programming languages where the user can directly enter logical statements. Probably the best-known of these languages is called Prolog. Alonzo Church used a form of logic programming in what is known as lambda calculus today. Logic programming has also been used in LISP. 

Programs consist of a set of rules and facts. In most cases, logic programming uses what is called negation as failure or "weak negation:" This means that if it is not possible to derive some clause formula_1 from the facts and rules, the system will assume that its negation is true.

Besmilr Brigham

Besmilr Brigham (born Bess Miller Moore; September 28, 1913 – September 30, 2000) was an American poet. She also wrote short stories.

Brigham was born Bess Miller Moore in Pace, Mississippi. She graduated from Mary Hardin-Baylor College (now University of Mary Hardin–Baylor) in Belton, Texas. After that, she studied at the New School for Social Research in New York. In New York she met Roy Brigham. Then she married him.

According to the "Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture", "She came to prominence during the women’s movement of the 1960s, and her work is noted for its innovative structure, sound, and rhythm."

Brigham is also known as Besmilr Moore Brigham. The Besmilr Women Writers Award is named after her.




Rule of inference

A rule of inference, inference rule, or transformation rule is a tool used in logic. A rule of inference can take one or more statements, called premises, and return some other statement, called a conclusion. For example, the rule of inference called "modus ponens" takes two premises, one in the form "If p then q" and another in the form "p", and returns the conclusion "q". The rule is valid with respect to the semantics of classical logic, in the sense that if the premises are true, then so is the conclusion.

Typically, a rule of inference preserves truth, a semantic property. In many-valued logic, it preserves a general designation. But a rule of inference's action is purely syntactic, and does not need to preserve any semantic property: any function from sets of formulae to formulae counts as a rule of inference. Usually only rules that are recursive are important; i.e. rules such that there is an effective procedure for determining whether any given formula is the conclusion of a given set of formulae according to the rule.

Popular rules of inference in propositional logic include "modus ponens", "modus tollens", and contraposition. First-order predicate logic uses rules of inference to deal with logical quantifiers.

Logical quantifier

In logic, a quantifier is a way to state that a certain number of elements fulfill some criteria. For example, every natural number has another natural number larger than it. In this example, the word "every" is a quantifier. Therefore, the sentence "every natural number has another natural number larger than it" is a quantified expression. 

Quantifiers and quantified expressions are a useful part of formal languages. They are useful because they let rigorous statements claim how widespread a criteria is. Two basic kinds of quantifiers used in predicate logic are universal and existential quantifiers. A universal quantifier states that all the elements considered fulfill the criteria. The universal quantifier is symbolized with "∀", an upside down "A", to stand for "all". An existence quantifier (symbolized with "∃") states that at least one element considered fits the criteria. The existential quantifier is symbolized with "∃", a backwards "E", to stand for "exists".

Quantifiers are also used in natural languages. Examples of quantifiers in English include "for all", "for some", "many", "few", "a lot", and "no".

This statement is infinitely long:

This is a problem for formal languages, since a formal statement needs to be finite in length. These problems can be avoided by using "universal quantification". This results in the following compact statement:
In the same way, we can shorten an infinite sequence of statements joined by "or" such as:
by rewriting it using "existential quantification":

The two quantifiers most widely used are the universal quantifier and the existence quantifier.

The universal quantifier is used to claim that for elements in a set, the elements all match some criteria. Usually, this statement "for all elements" is shortened to an "A" flipped upside down, which is "∀".

The existential quantifier is used to claim that for elements in a set, there exists at least one element that matches some criteria. Usually, this statement "there exists an element" is shortened to an "E" flipped upside down, which is "∃".

English statements can be often rewritten using symbols, predicates representing criteria, and quantifiers. One example is "Each of Peter's friends either likes to dance or likes to go to the beach". Let "X" be the set of all Peter's friends. Let "P"("x") be the predicate ""x" likes to dance". Let "Q"("x") be the predicate ""x" likes to go to the beach". We can rewrite the example using formal notation as formula_1. The statement can be read as "For every "x" that is a member of "X", "P" applies to "x" or "Q" applies to "x"."

There are other ways to use quantifiers in formal language. Each of the following statements below says the same thing as formula_2:
There are a few more ways to represent the universal quantifier:

Several statements above explicitly include "X", the set of elements that the quantifier applies to. This set of elements is also known as the range of quantification, or the universe of discourse. Some of the statements above do not include such a set. In this case, the set will have to be specified before the statement. For example, ""x" is an apple" must be stated before formula_12. In this case, we are making a statement that at least one apple fits the predicate "P".

Using quantifiers formally does not require using the symbol "x". In fact, other symbols, such as "y" and "z", can also be used. However, one must be careful not to use the same symbol to refer to two different things.

It is important to put quantifiers in the right order. Below is an example of an English sentence showing how meaning changes with order:
This statement is true. It states that every natural number has a square. However, if we turn the order of the quantifiers around:
then the statement is false. It claims that there is one natural number "s" that is the square of "every" natural number.

In certain circumstances, changing the order of quantifiers does not change the meaning of the statement. For instance:

There are also less common quantifiers used by mathematicians.

An example is the solution quantifier. It is used to state which elements solve a particular equation. The solution quantifier is represented by a § (section sign). For example, the following statement claims the squares of 0, 1 and 2 are smaller than 4. :formula_13

Other quantifiers include:

Term logic was developed by Aristotle. It was an early form of logic, and included quantification. The use of quantification was closer to that of natural language. This meant that statements in term logic with quantifiers were less suited for formal analysis. Term logic included quantifiers for "All", "Some" and "No" (none) in 4th century BC.

In 1879, Gottlob Frege created a notation for universal quantification. Unlike the modern notation, he would represent a universal quantification by writing a variable over a dimple in an otherwise straight line. Frege did not create a notation for existential quantification. Instead, he combined universal quantification and a number of negations to make an equivalent statement. Frege's use of quantification was not widely known until Bertrand Russell's 1903 "Principles of Mathematics".

In 1885, Charles Sanders Peirce and his student Oscar Howard Mitchell also created a notation for universal and existential quantifiers. They wrote Π and Σ where we now write ∀"x" and ∃"x". Pierce's notation was used by many mathematicians into the 1950s.

In 1897, William Ernest Johnson and Giuseppe Peano created another notation for universal and existential quantification. They were influenced by Pierce's previous quantification notation. Johnson and Peano used the simple ("x") for universal quantification, and ∃"x" for existential quantification. Peano's influence on math spread this notation across Europe.

In 1935, Gerhard Gentzen created the ∀ symbol for universal quantification. It was not widely used until the 1960s.


Universal quantifier

In mathematics and logic, the universal quantifier is a quantifier used to state that a proposition applies to all elements in the universe of discourse. An example that uses this quantifier would be the proposition "All men are mortal". Usually, a turned A (∀) is used to denote the universal quantifier, "for all x" is written as either "∀x", "∀(x)".

Predicate logic and syllogisms look at the properties of universal quantification.

Propositions can be falsified. To falsify a proposition which contains a universal quantifier, it is sufficient to find one element of the universe of discourse where the proposition is false. This element is known as a counterexample.


Existence quantifier

In mathematics and logic, the existence quantifier is a quantifier used to state that a proposition is true for at least one element in the universe of discourse. The existence quantifier is commonly written as formula_1 (a mirrored E), and is read as "there exists". An example involving an existence quantifier is the statement "some natural number is equal to 3+5", which can be written as formula_2. 

In general, a statement of the form formula_3 is true if there is an "x" in the universe of discourse satisfying the predicate formula_4, and is false otherwise. An existence quantifier is different from a universal quantifier, which is used to state that a proposition is true for "all" elements in the universe of discourse. 


Universe of discourse

In mathematics, the universe of discourse or domain of discourse is a set of all elements to which a function applies. A variable can take any of the values in its universe of discourse. 

The term is also used informally. 

The Banger Sisters

The Banger Sisters is a 2002 American comedy drama movie. The film is about two middle-aged women who were best friends and groupies when they were younger. Goldie Hawn plays Suzette. Susan Sarandon plays Vinnie.

This movie was released in September of 2002. It made quite a bit of money at the box office.

Maid in Manhattan

Maid in Manhattan is a 2002 romantic comedy-drama movie. It is about a hotel maid and a politician who fall in love with each other. Jennifer Lopez plays Marisa. Ralph Fiennes plays Christopher. Natasha Richardson plays Caroline.

This movie got negative reviews from critics. It made lots of money anyway. This movie was released in December 2002.

Bryan McCabe

Bryan McCabe (born June 8, 1975) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a career total of 1135 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the New York Islanders, Vancouver Canucks, Chicago Blackhawks, Toronto Maple Leafs, Florida Panthers, and the New York Rangers.

Before playing in the NHL, McCabe played 2 seasons with the Medicine Hat Tigers, 3 seasons with the Spokane Chiefs and 1 season with the Brandon Wheat Kings of the Western Hockey League (WHL).

He was drafted with the 40th overall by the New York Islanders in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft. Halfway through his third season with the Islanders, McCabe was traded along with Todd Bertuzzi and a third round draft pick in 1998 (Jarkko Ruutu) to the Vancouver Canucks for Trevor Linden on February 6, 1998.

During his time with the Canucks, he played one and a half seasons with them before he was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks along with their first round draft pick in 2000 for the Blackhawks' first round draft pick in 1999.

On October 2, 2000, after he had 6-goal, 25-point season with the Blackhawks in the 1999–2000 season, McCabe was traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs for Alexander Karpovtsev and a fourth round draft choice (Vladimir Gusev) in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft. McCabe had a good 2001–02 season with Toronto, having a 17-goal, 43-point breakout season, as well as, 53 points two seasons later, ending in a fourth-place finish in Norris Trophy voting Second Team All-Star honours.

During the 2004–05 NHL lockout, McCabe played in the Swedish Elitserien with HV71. He didn't have a good time with HV71, recording one goal, 30 penalty minutes and a -12 rating over ten games. He exercised an escape clause in his contract before he went to a game against Södertälje SK where he was supposed to be a healthy scratch for them.

When the lockout ended, he returned to the Maple Leafs. He recorded a career high 19 goals, 49 assists and 68 points in 73 games with the Maple Leafs. He finished the season third overall in points among defencemen, behind Nicklas Lidström and Sergei Zubov.

On June 28, 2006, he signed a 5-year deal with the Leafs worth $28.75 million with a no-movement clause. The next seasons, he recorded 57 points in 82 games the following season. On October 15, 2007, during the dying seconds of overtime against the Buffalo Sabres, McCabe scored in his own net. The goal was credited to Paul Gaustad.

On September 2, 2008, the Maple Leafs traded McCabe along with a fourth round draft pick in 2010 to the Florida Panthers for Mike Van Ryn. On September 23, 2009, he was named as the Panthers' captain.

On February 26, 2011, the Panthers traded him to the New York Rangers for Tim Kennedy and a 3rd round draft pick.

On February 15, 2012, McCabe announced that he was retiring from professional ice hockey.

Jean-Yves Leroux

Jean-Yves Leroux (born June 24, 1976) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left winger. He played a career total of 220 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played his entire NHL career with the Chicago Blackhawks.

Before playing in the NHL, Leroux played 4 seasons with the Beauport Harfangs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL).

He was drafted with the 40th overall by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft. Before he played with the Blackhawks, he played a seasons with the Indianapolis Ice of the International Hockey League (IHL). During his time with the Blackhawks, he recorded an overall total of 16 goals, 22 assists, 38 points, 146 penalty minutes. On October 01, 2001, the Blackhawks sent Leroux down to their AHL-affiliate Norfolk Admirals. Leroux left the NHL after the 2000–01 NHL season.

He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2010.

Maspalomas Dunes

The Maspalomas Dunes are sand dunes located on the south coast of the island of Gran Canaria, Province of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands. A 404 hectare area of the municipality of San Bartolomé de Tirajana, they have been protected as a nature reserve. They are one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Timanfaya National Park

Timanfaya National Park () is a Spanish national park in the southwestern part of the island of Lanzarote, Canary Islands. It covers parts of the municipalities Tinajo and Yaiza. The area is . The parkland is entirely made up of volcanic soil.

Timanfaya National Park is one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

The greatest recorded eruptions occurred between 1730 and 1736.


León Cathedral

Santa María de León Cathedral, also called "The House of Light" or the "Pulchra Leonina" is in the city of León in north-western Spain. It is the third Roman Catholic cathedral to be built on the site of what was originally a Roman bath. The first cathedral was built by King Ordoño II of León. It was probably built in the Mozarabic style but was damaged in the 990s. The second cathedral was consecrated in 1073. It was built in the Romanesque style of architecture. The present Gothic style cathedral was started in 1255. It was completed about 50 years later. The cathedral has some of the finest examples of stained glass windows in all of Europe.


Las Médulas

Las Médulas (As Médulas or As Meduas in Galician language) is a historical site near the town of Ponferrada, Spain. It used to be the most important gold mine in the Roman Empire. In order to remove the gold, the Romans washed away an entire mountain. From the 2nd to the 4th century AD the Romans used slaves to mine about 900 tons of gold. It left a series of rock pinnacles, gullies, caves and tunnels. Las Médulas is listed by the UNESCO as one of the World Heritage Sites.




Roman Walls of Lugo

The Roman Walls of Lugo (Spanish, Galician: "Muralla Romana de Lugo") were constructed in the 3rd century AD. The walls were created as late Roman Empire fortifications. They are still largely intact today. They stretch over around the historic centre of Lugo in Galicia (Spain). Located on a hilltop the walls have a wide ditch directly in front of them. The walls average about in height and are up to thick. At the front of the wall there are a series of semicircular towers up to in diameter. The walls are constructed of schist from the local area. The walls have been declared a World Heritage site.

La Seu Vella, Lleida

The La Seu Vella (also called Cathedral of St. Mary of La Seu Vella; Catalan and Spanish: "Catedral de Santa Maria de la Seu Vella", ) is the Roman catholic cathedral of the Diocese of Lleida. It is in Lleida, Catalonia, Spain, on top of Lleida hill.


Reichssicherheitshauptamt

The RSHA, or Reichssicherheitshauptamt (Reich Main Security Office or Reich Security Main Office or Reich Security Head Office) was an organization headed by Heinrich Himmler. This was in his dual capacities as "Chef der Deutschen Polizei" (Chief of German Police) and "Reichsführer-SS". The organization's stated duty was to fight all "enemies of the Reich" inside and outside the borders of Nazi Germany.

Cathedral of Murcia

The Cathedral Church of Saint Mary in Murcia (), commonly called the Cathedral of Murcia, is a church in Murcia, Spain. It is the only cathedral in use in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cartagena in Spain.

The Cathedral Church of Saint Mary in Murcia was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Roman Theatre

The Roman Theatre is an ancient Roman theatre in Cartagena, Spain. The theatre was built between 5 BC and 1 BC.

Jaén Cathedral

The Assumption of the Virgin Cathedral is a Spanish Renaissance cathedral located in Santa María Square in Jaén, Spain. It is across from the Town Hall and the Episcopal Palace (Archbishop's palace). The Santa María Square is one of the historical sites in Jaén. The cathedral stands on the same ground that was once occupied by an early mosque. 
Construction of the cathedral began in 1249. It was built on the ruins of an early Spanish mosque. It was damaged and rebuilt on numerous occasions during the following two centuries. In the sixteenth century Andrés de Vandelvira built the biggest part of the Cathedral. It was consecrated in 1724.
The more representative architectural element is its façade. It was designed by Eufrasio López de Rojas. It was sculpted by Pedro Roldán. It houses the Veil of Veronica. In 1545 the young Francisco Guerrero was the "maestro de capilla".

Jaén Cathedral is one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Tim Salmon

Timothy James Salmon (born August 24, 1968), is a former Major League Baseball player. He played for the California Angels from 1992 to 2004 and again, with the renamed Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in 2006. He won the World Series with the Angels in 2002. He hit 299 home runs in his career.

Peter Carington, 6th Baron Carrington

Peter Alexander Rupert Carington, 6th Baron Carrington (6 June 1919 – 9 July 2018) was a British Conservative politician.

He served as British Defence Secretary between 1970 and 1974, Foreign Secretary between 1979 and 1982 and as the sixth Secretary General of NATO from 1984 to 1988. He was the last surviving member of the Cabinets of both Harold Macmillan and Sir Alec Douglas-Home.

Carington died on 9 July 2018, aged 99.


Sergio Balanzino

Sergio Silvio Balanzino (20 June 1934 – 25 February 2018) was an Italian diplomat. Balanzino was born in Bologna, Italy.

He served as the Italian ambassador to Canada from May 1990 to January 1994. He then became the Deputy Secretary General of NATO before briefly becoming acting Secretary General twice. Firstly by replacing Manfred Wörner on August 13, 1994 after the latter resigned in the last stages of cancer. He was then replaced by Willy Claes on October 17, 1994 who resigned on alleged corruption charges on October 20, 1995. 

Balanzino, who had gone back to being Deputy, again took over the reins until he was replaced on December 5, 1995 by Javier Solana. He died in Rome in February 2018. 

Heat transfer

Heat transfer is the way the heat moves from one physical system (or body) to another. Heat transfer requires a difference in temperature. Heat moves from the hotter body (higher temperature) to the colder one (lower temperature). The bodies in question may be in a solid state, a liquid state or a gaseous state. There are three modes of heat transfer: conduction, convection and radiation.

Martin Walser

Martin Walser (24 March 1927 – 26 July 2023) was a German writer. He became famous for talking about the troubles for anti-heroes he had in his novels and stories. In 1998 he was awarded the Peace Prize of the German Book Trade in Frankfurt. Walser was born in Wasserburg am Bodensee, Germany.

At the age of 17, Walser became a member of the Nazi Party on 20 April 1944, though Walser denied that he entered the party.

Walser died on 26 July 2023 in Überlingen, Germany at the age of 96.

He was among the important German authors after the Second World War.

Most of his works are about the protagonists, and the inner conflicts they have to overcome. This is similar to the world of other German-language writers of the time, such as Heinrich Böll, Peter Handke or Siegfried Lenz.


Hans Magnus Enzensberger

Hans Magnus Enzensberger (11 November 1929 – 24 November 2022) was a German author, poet, translator and editor. He wrote under the pseudonym Andreas Thalmayr. He was born in Kaufbeuren, Bavaria. He moved to Nuremberg in 1931. Enzensberger has a sarcastic, ironic tone in many of his poems.

He died in Munich on 24 November 2022.


Ōfunato

The city of Ōfunato was originally part of the ancient Mutsu Province. It has been settled since the Jōmon period. The modern village of Ōfunato was made within Kesen District, Iwate on April 1, 1889. In 1896, the Meiji-Sanriku earthquake caused a 25-meter tsunami that killed 27,000 people in Sanriku. Ōfunato was promoted officially promoted to town status on April 1, 1932. In 1933, a 8.4 magnitude earthquake stuck the town and caused a 28-meter tsunami that killed 1522 people. On April 1, 1952, the town of Sakari, and villages of Akasaki, Takkon, Massaki, Ikawa and Hikoroichi all merged with Ōfunato to form the city. On November 15, 2001, the town of Sanriku (from Kesen District) also merged into Ōfunato.

Ōfunato was very badly damaged by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. The wave that hit the city was estimated to have reached 23.6 meters in height.

It was listed that 3,498 out of 15,138 houses in the town were destroyed by the tsunami and 305 people were confirmed dead. At least six of Ōfunato's 58 designated evacuation sites were flooded by the tsunami.


El Escorial, Madrid

El Escorial is a municipality in the administrative district of Madrid. It is located northwest of the Spanish capital Madrid. Its population in 2013 was 15,197.

<br>

Heritage of Mercury. Almadén and Idrija

Heritage of Mercury. Almadén and Idrija is a joint UNESCO World Heritage site in Almadén, Spain, and Idrija, Slovenia. The property includes two mercury mining sites. In Almadén mercury has been extracted since antiquity, while in Idrija it was first found in 1490 AD. The Almadén site includes buildings relating to its mining history. These include Retamar Castle, religious buildings and traditional houses. The site in Idrija notably features mercury storage and infrastructure. It also includes miners’ living quarters, and a miners’ theatre. The sites shows how trade in mercury generated important exchanges between Europe and America over the centuries. The two sites represent the two largest mercury mines in the world and were working mines until recent times.

Bardenas Reales

The Bardenas Reales is a semi-desert natural region, or badlands. It is about and is located in southeast Navarre (Spain). The soils are made up of clay, chalk and sandstone. They have been eroded by water and wind. This has created a number of shapes, canyons, plateaus, tabular structures and isolated hills, called seamounts. Bardenas lacks urban areas and vegetation is scarce.

The Bardenas is in the southeast of Navarra, bordering Aragon. It is located in the middle of the depression of the Ebro valley at the foot of the mountains of the Yugo and the Zaragoza region of Cinco Villas. It is from north to south and east-west and at an altitude ranging between . Its area is . Limited to sixteen municipalities, of which thirteen are in Navarre and three in the province of Zaragoza.


Ryan VandenBussche

Ryan VandenBussche (born February 28, 1973) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played a career total of 9 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the New York Rangers, Chicago Blackhawks, and Pittsburgh Penguins. He was known for his pugilistic skills.

Before playing in the NHL, VandenBussche played 2 seasons with the Cornwall Royals of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL).

He was drafted with the 173rd overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft. He spent most of his first seasons between the OHL and the American Hockey League (AHL) with the St. John's Maple Leafs, Springfield Indians, and Binghamton Rangers.

On August 22, 1995, he signed a contract with the New York Rangers after he became an unrestricted free agent. After he spent two seasons in the AHL with the Rangers AHL-affiliate team, the Binghamton Rangers, VandenBussche made his NHL debut on December 13, 1996 in a 3-0 win against the Buffalo Sabres.

After 27 games with the Rangers over 2 seasons, the Rangers traded VandenBussche to the Chicago Blackhawks for Ryan Risidore on March 24, 1998. With the Blackhawks, VandenBussche played 263 games over 7 years with them.

On July 12, 2004, he signed a contract with the Pittsburgh Penguins as an unrestricted free agent.
He only played 20 games with the Penguins before he was signed for a try-out by Jokerit of the SM-liiga on September 25, 2006.

He signed with the New Mexico Scorpions of the Central Hockey League (CHL) as a player/coach on November 5, 2006. On January 17, 2007, he announced that he was retiring from playing professional hockey because of medical reasons.

During his career, VandenBussche was mainly known as an enforcer. He is known for ending the career of Nick Kypreos during a fight in a pre-season game in September 1997.

After retiring, he decided to sell real estate with his wife Lisa, and under the direction of his father Ron, in Norfolk County.

On July 3, 2006, VandenBussche was charged with three counts of assaulting police and one count of uttering a death threat after a fight at a bar in Turkey Point. He was later cleared of the charges.

Inverse-square law

In physics, an inverse-square law is a physical law that states that the farther away an object is from an effect, or a physical quantity causing an effect, the less change can be observed in the object.

The following are examples of when this law applies:

Sant Feliu de Llobregat Cathedral

Sant Feliu de Llobregat Cathedral or the Cathedral of Saint Lawrence (, ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Sant Feliu de Llobregat, Catalonia, Spain. It is the seat of the Diocese of Sant Feliu de Llobregat.

Bilbao Cathedral

Santiago Cathedral (; ) is a Catholic cathedral in the city of Bilbao, Basque Country, Spain. It was originally built as a Gothic church in the late 14th century. After a fire in the 1500s it was rebuilt. It was officially given the status of a cathedral in 1950.


Horned owl

Bubo is a genus of large owls. It includes the eagle-owls (Old World) and the horned owls (the Americas). This genus contains about one or two dozen species of typical owls (family Strigidae) and is found in many parts of the world. Some of the largest living Strigiformes are in "Bubo". Traditionally, only owls with ear-tufts were included here, but that is no longer the case.

Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) cytochrome "b" sequence data supports the decision to put the snowy owl, an eagle-owl adapted to Arctic conditions, into "Bubo".

The fish-owls in the genus "Ketupa", and the "Scotopelia" fishing owls, are also closely related. They might be moved into "Bubus", but that would make the genus rather large. As it is some of these owls, like Verreaux's eagle-owl, are not studied enough. More research is needed.

Prince of Asturias

Prince of Asturias (, ) is the traditional title given to the heir to the Spanish throne. John I of Castile first gave the title to his oldest son, prince Henry (Henry III of Castile) in 1388. The title lapsed in 1931 when the monarchy was overthrown. Military dictator Francisco Franco appointed Juan Carlos de Borbón as his "successor with the title of King". But he gave him the new title of "Prince of Spain" instead of Prince of Asturias. In 1977 the title was given to Felipe VI of Spain, who was the eldest son and then heir apparent of King Juan Carlos I.

In preservation of the legacy of the family and its heirs, they've established The Princess of Asturias Foundation. It is a non-profit organization assembled the Princess of Asturias Awards, which presents academic ceremony each year in Oviedo, the capital of the Principality of Asturias. The foundation celebrates and promotes excellence in the cultural, scientific, and humanistic values. 

List of some people who held the title:

Palacio de Villena (Cadalso de los Vidrios)

The Palace of Villena () is a palace in Cadalso de los Vidrios, Spain. It was built by Álvaro de Luna, Duke of Trujillo.

The building and the gardens are listed as a Spanish Property of Cultural Interest.
The building is listed as a "monument". It has been protected since 1931. The gardens are listed as a "jardín histórico" ("historic garden"). They have been protected since the 1970s.

James Arnold Taylor

James Arnold Taylor (born July 22, 1969) is an American actor and voice actor. He has voiced Obi-Wan Kenobi, Plo Koon and other "Star Wars" characters. He voices Obi-Wan Kenobi in "Star Wars: The Clone Wars" and "Star Wars: Rebels". He also voices Johnny Test and Fred Flintstone.

Shaker Heights, Ohio

Shaker Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2020 Census, the city population was 29,439.


Chardon, Ohio

Chardon is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Geauga County, Ohio, United States. The population was 5,242 at the 2020 census.


Ebola virus cases in the United States

On September 30, 2014, the first case of Ebola virus disease was diagnosed in the United States. It came from a 42-year-old Liberian national, Thomas Eric Duncan. Even before Duncan's diagnosis, three Americans had been medically evacuated from Africa and treated in the United States for Ebola virus disease. This was during the current Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Two were treated at Emory University Hospital's isolation unit and one at Nebraska Medical Center.

Duncan, who came from Liberia, had been visiting family in Dallas, Texas. He was treated at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas. By October 4, his condition had deteriorated from "serious but stable" to "critical". On October 4, Duncan started receiving the experimental drug brincidofovir, but remained in critical condition. On October 8, Duncan died of Ebola virus disease.


Jeen van den Berg

Jeen van den Berg (8 January 1928 - 8 October 2014) was a Dutch speed skater. He was known as the winner of the Elfstedentocht of 1954. He rode the race a record seven times. His first time was in 1947. His final race was in 1997. van den Berg was born in De Veenhoop, Netherlands.

On 3 February 1954, van den Berg finished the race in a record 7 hours and 35 minutes, a record bettered by Evert van Benthem only 31 years later. He came third in the infamous 1963 race. In 1973 he became the first Dutch marathon skate champion.

van den Berg died in Heerenveen, Netherlands, aged 86.

Mike Waugh

Michael L. "Mike" Waugh (December 17, 1955 – October 8, 2014) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. Waugh was a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 28th District from 1998 until 2014. He was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1993 through 1998.

Waugh left his job on January 13, 2014, after he learned he had pancreatic cancer. He died on October 8, 2014 of cancer.

Feridun Buğeker

Feridun İsmail Buğeker (5 April 1933 – 6 October 2014) was a Turkish football forward who played for Turkey in the 1954 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Fenerbahçe S.K. between 1950–55 and 1961-63. He was born in Istanbul, Turkey.

Buğeker died in Istanbul, Turkey, aged 81.

Cigar (horse)

Cigar (April 18, 1990 – October 7, 2014) was an American thoroughbred racehorse. In 1995 and 1996, Cigar won 16 races in a row. He was the first American racehorse racing against top-class competition to do that since Citation in 1948 and 1950. 

When Cigar retired, he had made more money than any other American Thoroughbred racehorse. He is now in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.

Cigar died from spinal surgery complications in Lexington, Kentucky, aged 24.

Doñana National Park

Doñana National Park is a natural reserve in southern Spain. It is in Andalusia, in the provinces of Huelva and Seville. It is in Las Marismas, where the Guadalquivir River flows into the Atlantic Ocean. The park covers . Of that area, are protected. The park has marshes, shallow streams, and sand dunes. It was named as a nature reserve in 1969. The World Wildlife Fund and the Spanish government bought a section of marshes to protect it. The eco-system has been in danger from draining the marshes, using river water to irrigate land along the coast, and making tourist facilities bigger. The park is named after Doña Ana de Silva y Mendoza, the wife of Alonso Pérez de Guzmán, 7th Duke of Medina Sidonia.

Doñana National Park was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

Monastery of Santa Maria de Ripoll

The Monastery of Santa Maria de Ripoll is a Benedictine monastery in the town of Ripoll in Catalonia, Spain. It was built in the Romanesque style. Much of the church was rebuilt in the 19th century. The sculptured portico is a noted work of Romanesque art.
The monastery was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

San Juan de la Peña

The monastery of San Juan de la Peña is a religious complex in the town of Santa Cruz de la Serós. It is to the southwest of Jaca, in the province of Huesca, Spain. It was one of the most important monasteries in Aragon in the Middle Ages. Its two-level church is partly carved in the stone of the large cliff that is over the foundation. "San Juan de la Peña" means "Saint John of the Cliff".

The monastery was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.

<br>


Prism (disambiguation)

Prism may mean:


Almería Cathedral

The Cathedral of Almería (), in full the Cathedral of the Incarnation of Almería (), is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Almería, Andalusia. It is the seat of the Diocese of Almería.

The cathedral was built in Gothic and Renaissance architectural styles from 1524 to 1562. Its last bell was built in 1805.

Cartagena Cathedral

The Cathedral of Cartagena (also called Cathedral of Santa María la Vieja) was a cathedral of the Diocese of Cartagena. It was in the old town of Cartagena. It has been in ruins since 1939, when it was destroyed in the Spanish Civil War.

Alcalá de Henares Cathedral

The Alcalá de Henares Cathedral (also called as Cathedral of St Justus and St Pastor in Alcalá de Henares) () is a Catholic cathedral in Alcalá de Henares, Spain. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1904.


Mérida Cathedral

The Mérida Cathedral in Mérida, Yucatán, Mexico, is one of the oldest cathedrals in the Americas.

The cathedral was built on the site of Mayan ruins Tiho.


Astorga Cathedral

The Cathedral of Astorga () is a Roman Catholic church in Astorga, Spain. It was declared a national monument in 1931. Bishop of this cathedral is Camilo Lorenzo Iglesias (Bishop of Astorga).


San Sebastián Cathedral

The San Sebastián Cathedral (also known as Cathedral of the Good Shepherd)̠ (, ) is a cathedral in San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa, Basque Country, Spain. It is the seat of the suffragan Diocese of San Sebastián and under to the Archdiocese of Pamplona y Tudela.


Jerez de la Frontera Cathedral

The Cathedral of San Salvador is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Asidonia-Jerez in Jerez de la Frontera, Andalusia, southern Spain. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1931. It was elevated to the rank of cathedral in 1980.

Built in the 17th century, it is a mix of Gothic, Baroque and Neoclassicist style.


Cádiz Cathedral

Cádiz Cathedral () is a Roman Catholic church in Cádiz, southern Spain, and the seat of the Diocese of Cadiz y Ceuta. It was built between 1722 and 1838. The cathedral was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1931.

Ceuta Cathedral

The Cathedral of St Mary of the Assumption () is the Roman Catholic cathedral of the Spanish city of Ceuta located in a small exclave on the north coast of Africa.

The cathedral is a 15th-century structure, built on the site of a sixth-century Christian church. The cathedral contains works of art dating from the 17th century to the present day.

Las Palmas Cathedral

The Cathedral of Santa Ana (Holy Cathedral-Basilica of Canary or Cathedral of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria) is a cathedral in Las Palmas, Canary Islands. It is the seat of the Diocese of the Canaries in the Roman Catholic Church. It is in the Vegueta neighborhood, next to the Plaza Mayor of Santa Ana. The feast of the cathedral's dedication is celebrated annually on November 26. It is one of two cathedrals in the Canary Islands, near the La Laguna Cathedral in Tenerife.

La Laguna Cathedral

The Cathedral of San Cristóbal de La Laguna or Catedral de Nuestra Señora de los Remedios ("Santa Iglesia Catedral de San Cristóbal de La Laguna" in Spanish) is a Catholic cathedral in Tenerife, Spain. It started construction in 1904 and was completed in 1915. It is dedicated to the Virgin of Los Remedios (patron of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Cristóbal de La Laguna). This is one of the most important cathedrals in the Canary Islands.

Tarragona Cathedral

The Cathedral of Tarragona is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Tarragona, Spain. The site was previously occupied by a Roman temple of Jupiter. Later it was a Visigothic cathedral, then a Moorish mosque. It was declared a national monument in 1905. During the Spanish Civil War the cathedral was vandalized and in 1939 a reconciliation rite was celebrated.


Solsona Cathedral

The Cathedral of Solsona is a cathedral in Solsona, Catalonia, Spain. The apse, in Roman style, probably dates from the twelfth century.


Vic Cathedral

Vic Cathedral (, ), officially the Cathedral of St. Peter the Apostle (, ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Vic, Catalonia, Spain. It is the seat of the Diocese of Vic.

It has a mix of Romanesque, Gothic, Baroque and Neoclassic styles.

Neanderthal 1

Neanderthal 1 is the name of the first fossil found that was clearly identified as a Neanderthal ("Homo neanderthalensis"). Sometimes this fossil is also called Feldhofer 1, but that name is less common.

It is not the first fossil found of a Neanderthal, but before this find, the importance of the fossils was unclear. The fossil is part of a skull, with a fragment of the left temporal bone, part of the right scapula (shoulder blade), the right clavicle, both humeri (bones in the upper arm), one radius (a bone in the forearm), both ulnae (another bone in the forearm), five ribs, an almost complete half pelvis, and both femurs.

Studies done in 1999 included a radiocarbon dating of the bones: The bones were fouund to be about 39.900 ± 620 years old. This means this Neanderthal was from one of the last Neanderthal populations in Europe. In the 1990s and 2000s, bones from two other Neanderhals were found nearby, they are called Neanderthal 2 and Neanderthal 3 respectively. Neanderthal 2 has the same age, but a lighter build. Neanderthal 3 was probably a teenager.

Neanderthal 1 was male. At the time of death, he was between 40 and 42 years old.

Gall–Peters projection

The Gall–Peters projection is an equal-area map projection. It cannot be used to navigate with. It is a map style that has areas near the equator appear to be smaller than they are. Those areas closer to the poles appear larger. It was named after James Gall and Arno Peters. A controversy came up in the late 20th century about the political implications of map design. Maps based on this projection are promoted by UNESCO. They are also widely used by British schools.The Gall-Peters projection was Made in 1885 but publiched by Arno Peters in 1974.

Gullan Bornemark

Elin Gunhild "Gullan" Bornemark (born "Bohlin"; 28 November 1927 in Härnösand, Sweden) is a Swedish musician, lyricist and composer. Between 1951 and 2007, she was also active as a music teacher.


Mad Money

Mad Money is a 2008 criminal-comedy thriller movie. Diane Keaton plays Bridget. Katie Holmes plays Jackie. Queen Latifah plays Nina.

The movie received mixed to negative reviews from the critics. It was released on January 18, 2008.

Sigüenza Cathedral

The Cathedral of Sigüenza () is a cathedral in Guadalajara, Spain. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1931. It is built in Romanesque and Gothic style.
The cathedral is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sigüenza-Guadalajara.

Co-cathedral of Santa María de la Fuente la Mayor

The Co-cathedral of Santa María de la Fuente la Mayor () is a co-cathedral in Guadalajara, Spain. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1941.

Felix Körling

John "Felix" August Körling, born 17 December 1864, in Kristdala, Sweden, dead 8 January 1937 in Halmstad, Sweden, was a Swedish composer, church musician and music teacher. He was the brother of Sven Körling and son of August Körling. Felix Körling also wrote children's songs.

Olle Widestrand

John Olof "Olle" Widestrand, born 9 July 1932, dead 25 March 2018, was a Swedish parish-musician, teacher and composer. He is represented in Den svenska psalmboken 1986 with two works (number 61 and 90) and several other hymnals with one hymn. He has written several children's songs and published songbooks and educational materials for schools. He lived in the town of Jönköping until his death.


Britt G. Hallqvist

Britt Gerda Hallqvist, born "Nyman" 14 February 1914 in Umeå, Sweden, dead 20 March 1997 in Lund, Sweden was a Swedish hymnwriter, poet and translator. Her grandfather was medical professor Salomon Eberhard Henschen and she was also the cousin of neurology professor David H. Ingvar and his sister Cilla Ingvar.

Archbishop's Palace of Alcalá de Henares

The Archbishop's Palace of Alcalá de Henares (Spanish: "Palacio Arzobispal de Alcalá de Henares") is a palace in Alcalá de Henares, Spain. It was listed as a Spanish Property of Cultural Interest in 1931.

Elizabeth Ann Seton

Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton (August 28, 1774 – January 4, 1821) was the first native-born citizen of the United States to be made a saint by the Roman Catholic Church. She was canonized on September 14, 1975. 

Seton started the first Catholic school in the country. This school was at Emmitsburg, Maryland. She also founded the first American congregation of religious sisters. It is called the Sisters of Charity.

Elizabeth Ann Bayley was born on August 28, 1774. She was the second child of Dr. Richard Bayley and Catherine Charlton of New York City. They were Protestants. 

On January 25, 1794, at age 19, Elizabeth married William Magee Seton, aged 25. He was a wealthy businessman. They had five children. William Seton brought the first Stradivarius violin to America.

Seton's husband died in Italy on December 27, 1803. Seton learned about Roman Catholicism in Italy. After she came back to the United States, she joined the Catholic Church. She was received on March 14, 1805 by the Rev. Matthew O'Brien, pastor of St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church, New York.

In 1809, Seton moved to Emmitsburg, Maryland. A year later she started the Saint Joseph's Academy and Free School. That school was dedicated to the education of Catholic girls.

On July 31, Elizabeth established a religious community in Emmitsburg. This community took care of poor children. This was the first congregation of religious sisters to be founded in the United States. Its school was the first free Catholic school in America. This was the start of the Catholic parochial school system in the United States.

Seton spent the rest of her life developing her religious community. She died of tuberculosis on January 4, 1821. She was 46. Her remains are in the National Shrine of Saint Elizabeth Ann Seton in Emmitsburg, Maryland.

Magnus Uggla

Per Allan Magnus Claësson Uggla (pronounced ; born June 18, 1954 in Stockholm) is a Swedish artist, composer, actor, and occasional radio host. He is known for songs with satirical lyrics. Breaking through in the 1970s, in 2006, he released his 13th studio album.


Carl Bertil Agnestig

Carl Bertil Agnestig, originally "Andersson", born 7 March 1924 in Järvsö Parish, Sweden, is a Swedish music teacher and composer.

He is known for music-instruction books and has written several songs, one of the more well-known is "Adventstid". He's represented in Den svenska psalmboken 1986 with two works, (nr 214 b and 443). 

Methods of Mayhem

Methods of Mayhem is an American heavy metal band formed in 1999.


Iva Withers

Pearl Iva Edith Withers (July 7, 1917 – October 7, 2014) was a Canadian-born American actress and singer. She was best known as a replacement player who had long runs in some of Rodgers and Hammerstein's biggest musical theatre hits. 

She also appeared in "Carousel", "South Pacific" and "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes". Withers was born in Rivers, Manitoba, Canada.

Withers died in Englewood, New Jersey at age 97 on October 7, 2014 at the Lillian Booth Actors Home.

Ghost Festival

The Ghost Festival, also called the Hungry Ghost Festival, is held on the 15th day of the seventh lunar month. Both Buddhists and Taoists celebrate this festival. The belief is that the gate to the underworld opens on the first day of the seventh lunar month. This month is regarded as the Ghost Month. All of the ghosts and spirits are released from hell. They are free to wander for the whole month. People hold ceremonies to welcome the ghosts and spirits. 

Traditionally, the Chinese call Ghost Festival ""Chung-yuan" Festival". Taoists believe it is the birthday of "Yenlo Wang", the Demon King. In the first half of the 6th century AD it became a Buddhist festival. It has kept the same form since then. During the 20th century Republican and Communist governments saw this as a relic of the past. The People’s Republic of China did not allow public religious celebrations including ghost festivals. But reforms in the 1970s allowed these festivals to return. 

The offering ritual is the most important part of the celebration. People arrange long tables in front of the houses and temples. This is for offering food to ghosts. At the height of the celebration priests toss food and candy in the air. This is to feed the hungry ghosts. Children, and sometimes adults, scramble to gather the sweets. People also offer the ghosts incense, paper clothes and "spirit money". 
Salvation lanterns are used to guiding the wandering spirits and evil ghosts. They are placed at the doors of homes and temples. The lanterns are set up on the last day of the end of the sixth lunar month. They are lit at midnight each night during Ghost month. When the gates to the ghost world are closed, the lanterns are put away.

Water lanterns are for the water ghosts who died from drowning. They illuminate the waterways to bring ghosts up to the celebrations. This allows the ghosts from the underworld and underwater are able to be in the same space peacefully. 
The stealing the lone object activity is called “Chiang-Gu”. This is celebrated in Yi-Lan. Competitors climb up a tall tower to reach a prize. The game was banned for some time due to people falling and being injured or killed. In 1991 the game was brought back.
On the first day of the eighth month in the lunar calendar the gates to the temples are closed. This represents the end of the Ghost month. It is the time for the wandering souls to go back to the underworld. A Taoist priest uses a sword to expel away the wandering soul. He shuts the gate of the underworld in the northeast position, and brings the event to a successful close.

Ghost festivals are celebrated across Asia. This includes China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, and Japan. It is also celebrated by many of the 34 million Chinese who live overseas.

Peter A. Peyser

Peter A. Peyser (September 7, 1921 – October 9, 2014) was an American politician. He was a United States Representative from New York. He served as representative from 1971 to 1977 as a Republican and from 1979 to 1983 as a Democrat.

On October 9, 2014, he died of Parkinson's disease. He was 93.

Leif Bloms

Leif Bloms was a dansband in Växjö in Sweden. The band scored chart successes at the Swedish album chart during the mid-late 1970's. On 31 December 1995 the band was disbanded after singing and playing together for almost 40 years. Starting with the 1981 album "Håll dig kvar", the band's singer was Mona Gustafsson, who wrote the band's 1992 song "Dej ska jag älska all min tid" which won the 1992 Hänt song contest in Älvsjö. After the band was disbanded, Mona Gustafsson, Patrik Ahlm and René Saulesco founded another dansband, .






Mona G:s orkester

Mona G:s orkester was a dansband in Växjö, Sweden, founded in 1996 in that town by Mona Gustafsson, Patrik Ahlm and René Saulesco, former members of Leif Bloms, which had been disbanded on 31 December 1996. The band's first gig was at "Sommarlust" in Kristianstad during the 1996 Epiphany holiday.






Fernandoz

Fernandoz is a Swedish dansband formed in 1986 in Vitsand, near Torsby. They had a big hit in 1991 entitled with the song "Jag vet att jag vill ha dig". The band won the "svenska dansbandsmästare" award in 1993 and soon begun to appear at Bingolotto. Their most recognized hits include "Guld och gröna skogar", "En dag den sommaren", "När ett hjärta har älskat" Band guitarist Conny Ohlson and singer Anders Nordlund have won a Swedish Grammy "Guldklaven" for their work.

Because of its long existence, the band has seen many changes. 

Present members:

Earlier members:





Helene &amp; gänget

Helene & gänget was a dansband in Kristianstad in Sweden. It was founded in 1990 by members of the Färmarna dansband. The band broke through in 1995 with the album "Segla din båt i hamn". The band broke up in 2002 and its singer Helene Persson begun acting as SR Kristianstad programme host. Famous songs recorded by the band are "Segla din båt i hamn", "En korg med blommor" and "Nånstans så finns du".









Sarracenia

Sarracenia ( or ) is a genus of 8 to 11 species of carnivorous plants. They are often called trumpet pitchers. The genus is in the family Sarraceniaceae. That family also contains "Darlingtonia" and "Heliamphora".

In the wild, "Sarracenia" grows around the East Coast of the United States, Texas, the Great Lakes area and southeast Canada. Most species grow only in the southeast United States. Only "S. purpurea" can live in cold places. The plant's leaves have evolved into a funnel in order to trap insects. The plant digests its food with proteases and other enzymes.

Jan Hooks

Janice "Jan" Hooks (April 23, 1957 – October 9, 2014) was an American actress and comedian. She was best known for her work on NBC's "Saturday Night Live" ("SNL"). She starred in SNL from 1986 to 1991. She was also known for her roles in "Designing Women", "3rd Rock From the Sun", "The Simpsons", and in "Batman Returns". 

Hooks died on October 9, 2014 in Woodstock, New York from non-chemo reactive throat cancer, aged 57.


Karen Lewis

Karen Lewis (June 26, 1953 – February 7, 2021) was an American Chicago Public Schools teacher and labor leader. She was the president of the Chicago Teachers Union from 2010 to 2014. She was a former King College Prep High School and Lane Technical High School chemistry teacher. She was a teacher for 22 years.

Lewis was considering running for Mayor of Chicago in 2015. In July 2014 poll, Lewis defeated Emanuel in a hypothetical electoral contest by 45-36 . She decided not to run for mayor due to health issues and endorses Chuy Garcia.

On October 9, 2014, Lewis was hospitalized for a "serious illness". At the time, no further details about Lewis' health have been revealed. On October 13, a source confirmed that Lewis had been diagnosed with glioblastoma. 

Lewis died from problems caused by the cancer in Chicago on February 7, 2021 at the age of 67.

Sphagnum

Sphagnum is a genus of about 120 species of mosses. "Sphagnum" moss can store water. Both living and dead plants can soak up water. Each sphagnum plant can hold up to 1 billion times as much water as their dry weight, depending on the species.

"Sphagnum" helps make peat bogs in temperate wetlands.

Denard Span

Keiunta Denard Span (born February 27, 1984) is an American professional baseball player for the Tampa Bay Rays. He is an outfielder. He has also played for the Minnesota Twins, Washington Nationals, and the San Francisco Giants.

Span bats and throws left-handed. He is also one of the top defensive players.

Five Nights at Freddy's

Five Nights at Freddy's (FNaF) is an indie survival horror video game. It was made by Scott Cawthon and is powered by Clickteam Fusion. The first game was released August 8, 2014. The game takes place in the fictional pizza restaurant, Freddy Fazbear’s Pizza. The player acts as a night security guard with the aim of keeping safe from the animatronic animal characters that are stated to be "malfunctioning" (though later games imply a more supernatural reason). To complete the levels of the game called Nights - the player must keep the antagonists away from the guard's office, using mechanical doors, lights, and a CCTV camera panel. The animatronic characters in the first game of the series are named Freddy Fazbear, Bonnie, Chica, Foxy and Golden Freddy.

In November 2014, a prequel, "Five Nights at Freddy's 2" was released. In 2015, "Five Nights at Freddy's 3" and "Five Nights at Freddy's 4" were released. A Five Nights at Freddy's RPG called FNAF World was released on 2016. A fifth game, "" was released the same year. A feature-changing game called "Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria Simulator" was made in 2017. In 2018, yet another game was released called "Ultimate" "Custom Night" featuring almost every character from the series, including some fan characters. In 2019, was released with it’s own DLC "'Five Nights at Freddy's: Curse of Dreadbear'" which included scenarios with animatronics. In 2021, the massive project was made with the help from Steel Wool Studios being an Open world game. Two years later, the game received a free DLC "'Ruin"', which is an extension of the story for the base game. In 2023, "Five Nights at Freddy's: Help Wanted 2" was released. 

"See all of Five Nights at Freddy's titled media here".

The game series has a complicated and heavily hidden storyline that has sparked thousands of fan-made theories around the world, with the main goal being a reliable "timeline" of the events and characters in the series. Tons of lore and timeline secrets are yet to be discovered. Thousands of fan's have tried to figure out what all the secrets are and trying to "solve" FNAF, most famously MatPat from the YouTube channel Game Theory, who has been FnaF theorizing for nearly 10 years.


Castres

Castres can refer to:

Eutely

Eutelic organisms have a fixed number of somatic cells when they reach maturity. The exact number is constant for any one species. Development proceeds by cell division until maturity; further growth occurs by cell enlargement only.

Most eutelic organisms are small or even microscopic: examples include the nematodes like ascaris, gastrotrichs, rotifers, tardigrades and dicyemida.


Hypnagogia

Hypnagogia is the state of mind that exists between being awake and sleep, or just after waking up.

People in this state may have experiences that resemble hallucinations, but are not. The person usually knows that it is not real, but very often nothing can be done against it. Most of these "pseudohallucinations" are visual experiences.

Other experiences that may happen are sleep paralysis and lucid dreams. All of these symptoms happen because of the changes that occur in the brain, and they are not linked to a disease.

The writings of Aristotle already talk about hypnagogia. In more recent centuries, many authors have referred to the state. Edgar Allan Poe, for example, wrote of the "fancies" he experienced "only when I am on the brink of sleep, with the consciousness that I am so".

Serious scientific inquiry began in the 19th century with Johannes Peter Müller, Jules Baillarger and Alfred Maury, and continued into the 20th century with Leroy.

With electroencephalography (EEG) in the mid 20th century, detecting such a state has become easier.

Church of la Magdalena (Torrelaguna)

The Church of la Magdalena () is a Gothic-style church in Torrelaguna, central Spain. It was listed as Spain's national heritage listing in 1983. The bell tower in this church was built in the 15th century, and was commissioned by cardinal Cisneros.

Jenny from the Block

"Jenny from the Block" is a song performed by American singer Jennifer Lopez. The song is a contemporary R&B and old school hip hop song. The single is about not changing despite having a fortune and being famous, and never forgetting where one came from. 

The song was released on September 26, 2002. It hit #3 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song got mixed reviews from critics. It was a commercial success.

Receptor antagonist

A receptor antagonist is a biological repressor molecule. A receptor antagonist slows down the cell by stopping some of the cell reactions by clogging up the areas that make the cell work. They are sometimes called blockers, such as beta blockers. An antagonist is a ligand which blocks or dampens a biological effect. It acts against an agonist. They may block enzymes or passages through cell membranes.

They are part of the homeostatic system which regulates the body physiology. Some are made for pharmaceutical uses.

If You Had My Love

"If You Had My Love" is the debut single by Jennifer Lopez released on April 19, 1999 from Lopez' debut album "On the 6". The lyrics are about Lopez making rules for her lover before starting a relationship. The song was number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in June 1999.

Valeri Karpov

Valeri Yevgenievich Karpov (, 5 August 1971 – 10 October 2014) was an Russian ice hockey player. He played in the Soviet Hockey League and National Hockey League. He competed for Traktor Chelyabinsk and HC CSKA Moscow in Russia before moving to North America.

In the summer of 2014, during a fight in his house he took a hit to the head. Afterwards, he had a bad fall that resulted in a coma. He underwent two trepanning surgeries, but did not regain consciousness. He died on 10 October 2014.

Ed Nimmervoll

Edward Charles "Ed" Nimmervoll (21 September 1947 – 10 October 2014), was an Austrian-born Australian rock music journalist, author and historian. He worked with rock magazines "Go-Set" (1966–1974) and "Juke Magazine" (1975–92) both as a journalist and as an editor.

Nimmervoll died of brain cancer on 10 October 2014, at the age of 67. 

Lassa fever

Lassa fever or Lassa hemorrhagic fever (LHF) is a fever caused by the Lassa virus. It is common in West Africa. One in 80 people who get Lassa fever will die. Some cases are severe and require going to a hospital. These cases have a death rate of 1 in 5. Lassa Fever was discovered in 1969 after two nurses died from the disease. It was named for the town in Borno State, Nigeria where it was first diagnosed.

Lassa fever is transmitted from rodents to humans. It is caused by direct contact with rodent droppings. It can also be transmitted by humans to other humans by their blood. Lassa fever is common in West and Central Africa (around the equator).

Lassa fever cannot be transmitted by breathing. It is not very contagious between humans. However it is much more contagious among seriously ill patients. Lassa fever is transmitted by humans through skin lesions, mucous that is exposed to the virus, or by a patient's blood. This means healthcare workers (such as doctors and nurses) need to be especially careful in treating patients, or they risk getting the virus themselves.

In 80% of cases, the disease does not have any symptoms and does not make people ill. In the other 20% of cases it shows symptoms and becomes much more severe. About 5,000 people die from it each year.

In infected patients, the disease has an incubation period of 5 days to 3 weeks. During this time, the virus remains dormant and does not cause harm. After this time various symptoms begin to appear including:


In laboratories, there are many ways to test if a patient has Lassa fever. However, in many of the affected regions, there is no equipment to do the tests. This means sometimes people may not be correctly tested and identified with having Lassa fever.

If a patient is diagnosed with Lassa fever, then the patient will be kept away from other people, to prevent the spread of the virus. If found early, it is possible to treat Lassa fever with the medicine Ribavirin. Despite the fact the drug is relatively cheap, the medicine is still considered expensive for many people in affected regions. Patients may also require blood transfusions and rehydration.

Pregnant women in their 3rd trimester may need their baby's birth to be induced to allow them to have a chance of survival.

Due to the use of Ribavirin, fewer people are dying from Lassa fever.

It is not practical to control the amount of rodents in the affected states. Therefore the best way of prevention is to keep rodents out of houses and public areas to prevent people coming into contact with infected droppings. Infected patients should also be isolated to prevent the spread of the virus (by humans to other humans). In rich countries, diseases such as Lassa fever can be easily monitored by public health organisations to prevent outbreaks. Poor countries often cannot afford these services

There is a vaccine which has shown promise in primates. It has not yet been proved effective in humans.


Muhammad Jalal-ud-din

Muhammad Jalal-ud-din also known as Jalal Baba (1910-1981) was an activist and political leader of the All India Muslim League. He was born in Abbottabad District in British India. He was active from 1935 and 1936 onwards in the Pakistan Movement.

The Jalal Baba Auditorium in Abbottabad city, now in Pakistan, is named after him. 

Per Almar Aas

Per Almar Aas (11 June 1929 – 18 May 2014) was a Norwegian politician. He was for the Christian Democratic Party. He was born in Ballangen.

He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Troms in 1973, and was re-elected on three occasions. He had previously served as a deputy representative during the term 1969–1973.

On the local level he was a member of Harstad municipal council from 1967 to 1971. From 1971 to 1975 he was a member of Troms county council. He chaired the county party chapter from 1970 to 1973, and was a member of the national party board from 1970 to 1973 and 1985 to 1999.
Outside of politics he started his career as a manual laborer in Ballangen (1945–1950), Snåsa (1951), Ørsta (1951–1952) and Volda (1952–1953). In 1969 he settled in Harstad to become a school teacher.

Aas died in Oslo, Norway, aged 84.

Pauline Wagner

Pauline Cynthia Wagner (August 18, 1910 – May 2, 2014) was an American actress and glamour girl. She had minor roles in the 1930s. She made her debut in "King of Jazz" in 1930. 

Her first big role was in "College Lovers". She was Fay Wray's back-up in "King Kong" in 1933. She had small parts in "Lady Killer" and "Mr. Deeds Goes to Town". She worked for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and RKO. Her movie career ended in 1941. 

Wagner died in Glendale, California on May 2, 2014, aged 103.


Kailash Satyarthi

Kailash Satyarthi (born 11 January 1954) is an Indian children's rights activist. He founded the Bachpan Bachao Andolan (Save the Childhood Movement) in 1980. He has acted to protect the rights of 80,000 children.<ref name="http://www.hindustantimes.com"></ref>

He was awarded the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize, along with Malala Yousafzai, "for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education".

Shirin Ebadi

Shirin Ebadi ( "Širin Ebādi"; born 21 June 1947) is an Iranian lawyer, a former judge and human rights activist. She is the founder of Defenders of Human Rights Center in Iran. On 10 October 2003, Ebadi was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for her "significant and pioneering efforts for democracy and human rights, especially women's, children's, and refugee rights". She was the first ever Iranian to receive the prize.


Jinnah-Sikandar Pact

The famous Jinnah-Sikandar Pact was an agreement signed between Muhammad Ali Jinnah and Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan, at Lucknow, British India, October 1937.

In 1937 the All India Muslim League was a weak party with very little political strength. It had lost the 1936 general elections in India quite badly. It needed more support from powerful Muslims to make it strong. The party wanted to help Muslims in India get their rights. So, in October 1937, M.A. Jinnah, the main leader of the Muslim League party, invited powerful Muslims to a conference in Lucknow city. One of the most powerful Muslim leaders was Sardar Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan, KBE (1892-1942), Premier of the Punjab province and head of the Punjab Unionist Party. He was also invited by Jinnah to this big conference.

At this conference, at first most of the big and powerful Muslim leaders refused to accept Jinnah's request for help. Only Aga Khan III was ready to support him. At this time, Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan thought that it would be bad if the Muslims did not stand united to get their rights. He thought it was time for unity. So, he convinced some other big leaders to join him. These included Sir Saadullah of Assam, Molvi A.K. Fazlul Huq of Bengal, Nawab Sir Hamidullah Khan of Bhopal State and some others. They all went together and told Jinnah that they would support and help the Muslim League. A special agreement or pact was also signed at this time, between Jinnah and Sir Sikandar, called the 'Jinnah-Sikandar Pact'. This pact also said that all the Muslim members of the Punjab Unionist Party could join the Muslim League if they wanted to. Muslim people all over India were very happy to know that now, they had strong support from big leaders.

The Jinnah-Sikandar Pact was one of the most important documents and agreements of the Pakistan Movement. According to Professor Stanley Wolpert, '...it made Pakistan possible'. The Punjab was the biggest and richest province of British India. It linked together all the other Muslim areas and provinces. After this pact was signed in 1937, the Muslim League was next able to make the famous Pakistan Resolution at Lahore, Punjab, in 1940. And just seven years later, in 1947, an independent Pakistan was finally made.

Syed Amjad Ali, a Muslim leader of Punjab said that 'Thanks to the agreement reached between Jinnah and Sir Sikandar in Lucknow, the dream of Pakistan became real. All Pakistanis today should be thankful to these two great Muslim leaders and their wisdom'.

Khaksar movement

The Khaksar movement was a fanatical political and social movement of British India. It was probably started in 1931 by the genius and leader Inayatullah Mashriqi.

There are different opinions about the Khaksar Movement and its followers (called 'Khaksars'). Some conservative Sunni Muslims in India and Pakistan believe it was a movement to help reform Islam and guide Muslims to a better life. But many other people believe it was a fascist organization which wanted freedom from British regime in India. It wanted to then come to power and set up a secular and real Islamic state, in India.

The Khaksars (meaning 'humble persons') used to wear "Khaki" colored (light brown) uniforms and carry spades all the time. They were very well organized and ready all the time to obey the orders of their leaders.

In 1940, the Government of the Punjab ordered that the Khaksar leaders should be arrested in Lahore city. But the Khaksars attacked the official police force very violently, and then the police fired back at them killing many. This was called the 'Khaksar massacre of 1940'. In 1947, when Pakistan was finally made the Khaksars Movement closed down for some time. But later on, it started again. It wants to bring an 'Islamic Revolution' there. 

Inayatullah Mashriqi

Inayatullah Mashriqi or Inayatullah Khan al-Mashriqi also sometimes called Allama Mashriqi (1888-1963) was an Indian and later Pakistani mathematician, evil genius and political leader. He was the founder of the fascist Khaksar Movement. 

IHeartMedia

iHeartMedia, Inc. (known in the past as CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is a radio organization that was established in 1972. It was then taken as a private company in 2008. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (used to be known as Clear Channel Communications). It owns more than 850 AM radio and FM radio stations through the United States alone.

On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings changed their name to iHeartMedia, Inc., while Clear Channel Communications became iHeartCommunications, Inc.


Luxor Temple

Luxor Temple is an Ancient Egyptian temple, located in modern-day Luxor, which was known as Thebes at the time. The temple was dedicated to the god Amun, his wife Mut, and their son Chons. The temple was built during the time of the New Kingdom. Because some of the stones were re-used, an older monument was probably there beforehand, during the 12th dynasty. Some of the stones of the temple were later re-used to build Abu el-Haggag mosque. 

Together with the Temple at Karnak, Luxor Temple is on the list of World Heritage Sites. 

Note that Luxor Temple is different from the necropolis of Hatshepsut, located in Deir el-Bahari, which is also near Luxor. 

Trace fossil

Trace fossils (or ichnofossils) are geological records of biological activity. They are fossils, but not of the living things themselves. Probably the best-known examples are dinosaur trackways.

Trace fossils may be impressions made on the substrate by an organism. Burrows, borings, footprints, feeding marks, and root cavities are examples. The term includes the remains of other organic material produced by an organism for example coprolites (fossilized droppings) or chemical markers. Stromatolites are sediment structures produced by bacteria. Trace fossils contrast with body fossils, which are the fossilized remains of parts of organisms' bodies, usually altered by later chemical activity or mineralization.

Structures which are not produced by the behaviour of an organism are not considered trace fossils.

The study of traces is called ichnology. Traces reflect the behaviour, not usually not the biological affinity of their makers. They are given their own names in taxonomy, based on their appearance and the implied behaviour of their makers.


Lorenz attractor

The Lorenz attractor (also called Lorenz system) is a system of equations. Edward N. Lorenz formulated the equations as a simplified mathematical model for atmospheric convection. The equations are ordinary differential equations, called Lorenz equations. They are notable for having chaotic solutions for certain parameter values and starting conditions. In particular, the Lorenz attractor is a set of chaotic solutions of the Lorenz system which, when plotted, resemble a butterfly or figure eight.

The notion of butterfly effect is coupled with that of the Lorenz attractor. Lorenz first used the phrase in a speech he gave in 1972.

Ordinary differential equation

An ordinary differential equation (often shortened to ODE) is a differential equation which contains one free variable, and its derivatives. Ordinary differential equations are used for many scientific models and predictions. The term "ordinary" is used to differentiate them from partial differential equations, which contain more than one free variable, and their derivatives.

Since ODEs have appeared in mathematics and physics, many scientists have studied methods to solve them. But unfortunately, no one could establish methods to solve any kind of ODE. Therefore, numerical methods for ODEs are widely studied since the appearance of computers.

Margin Call (movie)

Margin Call is a 2011 American independent drama movie. The movie is about insider trading on Wall Street. Demi Moore plays Sarah Robertson. Mary McDonnell plays Mary Rogers. Kevin Spacey plays Sam Rogers.

The movie got positive reviews from the movie critics. It was released on October 21, 2011.

Inoculation

Inoculation (also known as variolation) is an historical method of making people immune to smallpox. Unlike a vaccine, inoculation uses infected material (for example scabs) from an infected patient. The benefit of inoculation is it gives the individual a less dangerous type of the virus. Another benefit of inoculation is the fact it has a death rate of 0.5% - 2% (as opposed to the 35% death rate of smallpox). Inoculation was eventually replaced after Edward Jenner discovered a vaccine against smallpox. 

China may have used inoculation in the 10th century. The Emperor of China at the time lost his eldest son to smallpox. He wanted a way to help prevent smallpox from killing any more members of his family. He summoned many people from throughout the empire to attempt to find a cure to smallpox. A man carried out inoculation to Immunise his family. However, the source of the story was supposedly written 100's of years after the event. 

Inoculation was not widely used in China until the 'Longqing Emperor' in the 16th century. This was written by Yu Tianchi. Inoculation using the most deadly strain of the virus was banned from use in China to prevent high death rates. Inoculation is documented to have been used in India in the 18th century. It may have been used earlier than that, but there is no evidence to prove this. 

The practice of Inoculation was first used in England after an ambassador's wife witnessed it in Constantinople. Her name was Lady Mary Wortley Montague and she was impressed by the benefits. She had lost her son, and bore scars of the virus herself. When an epidemic of smallpox occurred in England in 1721, she ordered that her daughter be inoculated. Many people visited her daughter, and were impressed at the results of inoculation. Eventually, inoculation was tested in Newgate Prison. This was before the members of the royal family were inoculated. After the success in England, many European countries began to use inoculation against smallpox.

In 1796 Edward Jenner discovered a vaccine against smallpox which had a very low death rate. It was also more effective. Inoculation began to be replaced by this new vaccine, and was eventually outlawed in England in 1840. France banned Inoculation in 1762 due to the death rates associated with it.

Evermoor

Evermoor is a new television series for the Disney Channel. It is produced by Lime Pictures. The series premiered on the Disney Channel (UK and Ireland) on 10 October 2014. It began on 17 October 2014 on the Disney Channel in the United States, and on the Family Channel in Canada. 

The series is about Tara Crossley. She is an American teen who moves from the United States to an English village called Evermoor. As her mother and father unpack at their new home, Tara, her brother, and her British step-siblings adjust to their new life. Danger, mystery and intrigue come along with the adventure.


On 17 March 2014, the series was announced. Filming took place in the spring of 2014 at Arley Hall in Cheshire. The series has been described as "a hugely exciting project for the team here in EMEA with a gripping story that I’m sure will captivate our global Disney Channel audience. The movie’s intriguing cast of characters also gives us a great opportunity to find exciting new talent” by David Levine. Lime Pictures produced the special, which was created by Diane Whitley and Tim Compton. The executive producers was Rebecca Hodgson. The producer was Compton. It was a co-production between Disney U.S. and the Walt Disney Company EMEA.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Battersea Dogs &amp; Cats Home

Battersea Dogs & Cats Home is the United Kingdom's oldest and most famous home for dogs and cats. It is in the Battersea area of London, England. The home gets its money from donations. 

Battersea Dogs & Cats Home was started in Holloway in 1860 by Mary Tealby. Its name was Temporary Home for Lost and Starving Dogs. In 1871 it moved to Battersea. Its name was changed because of this. In 1885, Queen Victoria became Patron of the home. The television show "For the Love of Dogs" is mostly filmed at Battersea. There are Battersea centres in Old Windsor, Berkshire and Brands Hatch, Kent as well as in Battersea.

The home has a goal to never turn away a dog or cat in need of help. It reunites lost dogs and cats with their owners. When they can not do this, the home cares for them until a new home can be found for them. It also aims to educate the public about responsible pet ownership.


Apse

In architecture, the apse (from Latin "apsis": "arch, vault") is a semicircular recess covered with a hemispherical vault or semi-dome. It is similar to another form known as an "exedra". In Romanesque, Byzantine and Gothic Christian abbey, cathedral and church architecture, the term is applied to a semi-circular or polygonal termination of the main building. This is usually at the liturgical east end (where the altar is). It is also regardless of the shape of the roof, which may be flat, sloping, domed, or hemispherical.

All I Have to Do Is Dream

"All I Have to Do is Dream" is an American popular song. The song was recorded in 1958 by the Everly Brothers. The song was near the top of several music charts in the United States in 1958.

The song was written by Felice and Boudleaux Bryant. It was recorded many times by other musicians, including Roy Orbison and Juice Newton.

Marked for Death

Marked for Death is a 1990 action movie. This movie is about a former DEA agent finding Jamaican drug dealers in his home town. Steven Seagal plays John Hatcher. Elizabeth Gracen plays Melissa Hatcher. Danielle Harris plays Tracey Hatcher.

This movie was released on October 5, 1990. It got mixed reviews from the critics. It got back almost $58 million at the box office.

Ontario Highway 417

Ontario Highway 417 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It starts on the eastern Ontario border with Quebec, near Hawkesbury, as an extension of Quebec Autoroute 40. It ends near Arnprior, where it becomes Ontario Highway 17. Construction on Highway 417 started in May 1969. The last section of the highway near Arnprior was finished in 2012.

Zilpha Keatley Snyder

Zilpha Keatley Snyder (May 11, 1927 – October 8, 2014) was an American author of books for children and young adults. Three of Snyder's works were named Newbery Honor books: "The Egypt Game", "The Headless Cupid" and "The Witches of Worm".

Snyder died in San Francisco, California from a stroke, aged 87.

Decatur, Georgia

Decatur is a city in, and county seat of, DeKalb County, Georgia, United States. It has a population of 24,928, as of the 2020 census.

Pavel Landovský

Pavel Landovský (September 11, 1936 – October 10, 2014) was a Czech actor, playwright and director. He was born in Německý Brod. He studied at the Faculty of Theatre in Prague. Landovský died in Prague, Czech Republic from a heart attack, aged 78.

Carmelo Simeone

Carmelo Simeone "Cholo", (September 22, 1933 – October 11, 2014) was an Argentine football defender. He won three league championships with Boca Juniors. Simeone played for the Argentina national team. He was born in Ciudadela, Argentina.

Simeone started his playing career in 1955 with Vélez Sársfield. In 1961 he joined Boca Juniors where he was an important defensive player in the teams that won the Argentine Primera in 1962, 1964 and 1965. Simeone left Boca In 1967 and spent some time playing for Sportivo Belgrano in the lower leagues of Argentine football.

Simeone represented Argentina at the Copa América in 1959, and at the 1966 FIFA World Cup.

Simeone died in Buenos Aires, Argentina, aged 81.


Juan José Pizzuti

Juan José Pizzuti (9 May 1927 – 24 January 2020) was an Argentine football striker and football manager. He enjoyed his most notable successes as a player. He was the manager of the Racing Club de Avellaneda. He was born in Barracas, Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Pizzuti played for Argentina between 1951 and 1959, he was part of the squad for the South American Championship in 1959 where he scored three goals to help them to win the title.

Pizzuti died on 24 January 2020 in Buenos Aires at the age of 92.

José Varacka

José Varacka (27 May 1932 – 22 October 2018) was an Argentine football player and coach. He was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Varacka played for three of the big five teams in Argentina. He started his career in 1952 with Independiente. In 1954 he played and scored in a famous 6–0 win over Real Madrid. He joined River Plate in 1960 where he played for six seasons.

In 1966 Varacka joined San Lorenzo de Almagro and after one season with the club he would down his career at Colo-Colo in Chile and then Miraflores in Peru.

Varacka played in the 1958 and 1966 editions of the FIFA World Cup. He played in the Copa América 1956 and 1959. He also played in the 1964 Copa de Las Naciones, played in Brazil.

Varacka started his managerial career with Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata in 1968. He went on to serve as the manager of Boca Juniors and River Plate.

Varacka died on 22 October 2018 in Buenos Aires at the age of 86.


José Sarney

José Sarney de Araújo Costa (born 24 April 1930) is a Brazilian politician, lawyer, and writer. He was President of Brazil from 15 March 1985 to 15 March 1990.

He was originally elected Vice President of Brazil with Tancredo Neves as President. However the day before the inauguration, Neves died from diverticulitis. Sarney was sworn in as Vice President of Brazil on 15 March 1985 and became president on 21 April.

In July 2021, Sarney was hospitalized for pleural effusion and had surgery to remove fluid from his lungs.

Albacete Cathedral

Albacete Cathedral (also known as Cathedral of San Juan de Albacete) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Albacete, Spain. 


Jaca Cathedral

Jaca Cathedral (also known as Cathedral of St Peter the Apostle), is the Roman Catholic cathedral of the Diocese of Jaca. It is in Jaca, Huesca, Spain.

This is the first Romanesque cathedral built in Aragon (1070s-early 12th century). It is one of the oldest cathedrals in the Iberian peninsula.



Ourense Cathedral

Ourense Cathedral (Catedral de Ourense or Catedral do San Martiño) is a cathedral in Ourense, Spain. It was founded in 550. It was made a Heritage site of Spain in 1931. It is mainly in the style of Gothic architecture. Building the cathedral was completed in 1220.


Getafe Cathedral

Getafe Cathedral (also known as Cathedral of La Magdalena) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Getafe, Spain. It was designed by Alonso de Covarrubias. The construction was begun in 1549. It was finished in 1770. The bell tower is in Mudéjar architectural style. The cathedral is known for its collection of fine paintings. It was declared as "Spanish Property of Cultural Interest" in 1958.


Santander Cathedral

Santander Cathedral is one of the most famous Roman Catholic holy buildings in the city of Santander, Spain. It is mainly built in the Gothic architectural style.



Damask

Damask is a weaving pattern that is usually used with silk or wool. It is a poular classical pattern. It is made with a special technique: the original Damask was made in the Ottoman Empire, Syria, Iran and Jordan.

Damask was first made using the five original weaving methods during the Middle Ages. It was common in the Byzantine Empire, and in Islamic areas. Its name comes from the city of Damascus, where the pattern and the manufacturing technique were invented. Damask lost popularity after the ninth century, except in Andalusia. It was revived by European weaving manufacturers, who got interested in oriental patterns and models. They made it on weaving looms from the 14th century onwards.

Damask is a pattern used today on computerized looms. Even if the original pattern was a colored one, the modern Damask is usually monochromatic. It is woven in silk, linen and even synthetic materials. The patterns can represent plants, flowers and fruits, but also other classical Arabian designs. The unique characteristic of the pattern is that the light reflects differently, when watched from different angles.


News Corp

News Corporation stylized as News Corp, is a mass media and publishing company headquartered in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. It was formed on June 28, 2013, following a spin-off of the media outlets of the original News Corporation as 21st Century Fox (21CF). Operating across digital real estate information, news media, book publishing, and cable television, News Corp's notable assets include Dow Jones & Company (publisher of The Wall Street Journal), News UK (publisher of The Sun and The Times), News Corp Australia, REA Group (operator of realestate.com.au), Realtor.com, and book publisher HarperCollins. 

It is one of two companies that succeeded the original News Corp., alongside 21st Century Fox, which consisted of broadcasting and media properties such as Fox Entertainment Group. The spin-out was structured so that 21CF was the legal continuation of the original News Corp., with the new News Corp being a new company formed by a stock split. Since March 19, 2019, Fox Corporation (which holds 21CF's national broadcasting, news and sports assets due to 21CF's sale to Disney the next day) is the sister company of News Corp under the Murdoch family's control.

In September 2023, Rupert Murdoch announced he would step down as News Corp's chairman by November.

21st Century Fox

21st Century Fox (Twenty-First Century Fox) was an American multinational mass media corporation founded in 2013. In 2019, Disney acquired most of 21CF.

It is one of two companies made from the 2013 split of News Corporation (founded by Rupert Murdoch in 1979). 21st Century Fox has the broadcasting and movie assets and serves as the legal successor to News Corporation. The publishing assets were spun off to form News Corp at the same time. The split was so both companies operate under more "focused" management, which Murdoch claimed would "unlock" their true value.

Among the holdings of 21st Century Fox are Fox Entertainment Group. This owns the 20th Century Fox film studio and Fox television network. There are other assets, such as the pan-Asian pay channel operator Star India.

On December 14, 2017, The Walt Disney Company said that they would acquire a lot of 21st Century Fox's subsidiaries for $52 billion USD. This includes the 20th Century Fox studio and Fox's partnership with National Geographic. Some subsidiaries like Fox Broadcasting Company and Fox News Channel will still be a part of 21st Century Fox. The deal closed on March 20, 2019.

21st Century Fox primarily consisted of the media and broadcasting properties that were owned by its predecessor, such as the Fox Entertainment Group and Star India. News Corporation's broadcasting properties in Australia, such as Foxtel and Fox Sports Australia, remain a part of the newly renamed News Corp Australia—which was spun off with the current incarnation of News Corp and was not a part of 21st Century Fox.






Cable TV channels owned (in whole or part) and operated by 21st Century Fox include:



Punch-Out!!

Punch-Out!! is a series of boxing games created by Nintendo. There are seven games in the "Punch-Out" series. 

The player controls Little Mac as he fights his way up the ranks in the World Video Boxing Association. He is helped by his trainer, Doc Luis. Doc Luis later got his own WiiWare game. Little Mac is a playable fighter in both Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Super Smash Bros. for Wii U.

Ontario Highway 11

Ontario Highway 11 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It is long, which makes it Ontario's second longest highway. It starts at Highway 400 in Barrie in Central Ontario. It runs westward around the north of the Great Lakes and ends at Rainy River, Ontario near the border with Minnesota.

Zeist

Zeist is a town in Utrecht province, Netherlands. It is east of the city of Utrecht. The most famous site in Zeist is Slot Zeist. It is an historical building. 



Ontario Highway 21

Ontario Highway 21, also called King's Highway 21, is a provincial highway in southwestern Ontario, Canada. It starts near Ontario Highway 402, almost half way between Sarnia and London. It runs north/northeast for and ends in Owen Sound with Highway 6, Highway 10, and Highway 26. The roadway is referred to as the Bluewater Highway because it remains very close to the eastern shoreline of Lake Huron. It was started in 1927 as Highway 3 running across Kent and Lambton Counties. In 1930 it was extended and renamed King's Highway 21. It is one of Ontario's most treacherous roads for winter driving. Highway 21 is frequently closed during winter because of snow blowing off Lake Huron.

Nuclear DNA

Nuclear DNA is the DNA inside the cell nucleus of eukaryotic cells. This DNA is a double helix, with two strands wound around each other. This double helix structure was first described by Francis Crick and James D. Watson in 1953. 

This DNA is different from the DNA in bacteria, mitochondria and plastids such as chloroplasts. Nuclear DNA is very long, and is bound up in chromosomes which, apart from the DNA, are protein structures. The second difference is that each eukaryote cell has two sets of DNA, one set from each parent: it is diploid. Mitochondrial and plastid DNA is relatively short, is in a circle, and there is only one set (haploid), not two. It is supposed that these organelles were once independent bacteria (see endosymbiosis).

The consequence of nuclear DNA being double is highly important. The genes in mitochondria and plastids only change when a mutation happens. Nuclear DNA gets shuffled by the cell division known as meiosis, part of sexual reproduction. This leads to a variety of offspring from any two parents.

Another feature of nuclear DNA is that it is regulated by proteins and RNA systems which control the rate of transcription into messenger RNA. In this way, most of the cell products are adjusted according to the circumstances.

Kurtis Blow

Kurtis Blow (born Kurtis Walker; August 9, 1959) is an American rapper. He sang many major songs, like "Christmas Rappin'" and "The Breaks". In 1980, "The Breaks" was the first rap single that was certified gold.

He was born in The Bronx, New York City.

In 1979, he was the first rapper signed to Mercury Records.



Old-school hip hop

Old-school hip hop (also old school rap) is the earliest recorded hip hop music. It lasted from the late 1970s to around 1983 or 1984. This music is said to have ended in the early-to-mid 1980s due to changes in rapping techniques and the accompanying music and rhythms.

A lot of this music was about partying and having a good time. 

Old-school rappers include Kurtis Blow and Grandmaster Flash.

Bachelor of Science

Bachelor of Science is an academic degree awarded by a university or other qualified institution. It is a first degree, and is given to students who graduate in a science course. Bachelor's degrees may take three to five years to complete.

The degree gives graduates the right to put BSc (or sometimes BS) after their name.

Roll Bounce

Roll Bounce is an American comedy-drama movie. This movie is about roller skating in the late 1970s in Chicago. Bow Wow plays Xavier.

The movie was released on September 23, 2005.

Paola Andino

Paola Nicole Andino (born March 22, 1998) is an American actress of Puerto Rican origin. She is best known for her lead role of Emma Alonso in "Every Witch Way".

She was born in Bayamon,Puerto Rico. She and her family moved to Texas a few months after her third birthday.

As a child, she danced as member of the Lewisville's Footlights Dance Studio. At 10 years old she started the take acting classes in Lewisville. She appeared in a "Grey's Anatomy" episode, and in 2011 was in the movie "Beyond the Blackboard", playing Maria, a young homeless girl.

In December 2013, she got the lead role in the new Nickelodeon TV series "Every Witch Way" as Emma Alonso, a good witch discovering her new magic powers. The series was premiered on January 1, 2014 and is the American version of the Latin American telenovela "Grachi". For this role she was nominated to the "Best TV young actress" at the Image Awards 2014.

Lambton County

Lambton County is a county in Southwestern Ontario, Canada. The county seat is Plympton–Wyoming. The largest city in the county is Sarnia. The county was formed in 1849. It was named after John Lambton, 1st Earl of Durham.

According to the 2011 census, 124,623 people lived in the county. Most people in the county work in manufacturing and retail trade. The Pinery Provincial Park is a popular tourist destination.

Marc Fortier

Marc Fortier (born February 26, 1966) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre. He played a career total of 212 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Quebec Nordiques, Ottawa Senators, and Los Angeles Kings.

Before playing in the NHL, Fortier played 4 seasons with the Chicoutimi Saguenéens of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). He went undrafted but he was signed as a free agent on February 3, 1987. He spent his time between the Nordiques and their AHL-affiliates Fredericton Express and Halifax Citadels. After he became a free agent, Fortier signed a contract with the Ottawa Senators on October 1, 1992. He played 10 with the Senators and was traded by the Senators along with Jim Thomson to the Los Angeles Kings in exchange for Bob Kudelski and Shawn McCosh. He played 6 games with the Kings and then left.

He traveled to Europe and played for the ZSC Lions of the National League A for 3 seasons, Eisbären Berlin of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL) for 6 seasons, the Frankfurt Lions for 1 season, HC Ajoie of the National League B for 2 seasons and 4 games for HC Fribourg-Gottéron of the National League A.

He is currently the general manager of his old team, the Chicoutimi Saguenéens.

Southwestern Ontario

Southwestern Ontario is a subregion of Southern Ontario in the Canadian province of Ontario. It covers from the Bruce Peninsula in the north to Lake Erie in the south. From east to west, it goes from Guelph to Windsor. London is the largest city in the region.

In 2011 the population of the region was 2,504,878. Agriculture and auto manufacturing are a large parts of the region's economy. Much of Canada's trade with the eastern and midwestern United States passes through southwestern Ontario.

Owen Sound

Owen Sound is a city in Southwestern Ontario. It is the county seat of Grey County. It is at the mouths of the Pottawatomi River and the Sydenham River on an inlet of Georgian Bay. According to the 2011 census, the 21,688 people lived in Owen Sound.

Owen Sound was founded in 1841. It was named after British Admiral Edward Owen. The Canadian World War I flying ace Billy Bishop was born in Owen Sound.

Georgian College is in Owen Sound. The Owen Sound Collegiate and Vocational Institute is one of the oldest schools in Canada.

There are five sports teams in Owen Sound:

Klondike, Yukon

The Klondike is a region of Yukon in northwest Canada. It is around the Klondike River, a small river that enters Yukon from the east at Dawson City. The Klondike Gold Rush took place there from 1897 to 1899.

The summers in the Klondike are short and very hot. The winters are long and very cold. There are snow storms between September and May.

Jack London's novel "The Call of the Wild", published in 1903, was set in the Klondike.

Division of Moreton

The Division of Moreton is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first election in 1901. It is named after Moreton Bay, though changes to the boundaries over the years mean it is no longer near the bay. 

The seat decided the 1961 federal election. The Liberals won the seat by only 130 votes to have a one-seat majority in Parliament.

Moreton is located in south east Queensland, and is based in the southern suburbs of the City of Brisbane. The division includes Archerfield, Chelmer, Fairfield, Graceville, Karawatha, Kuraby, Macgregor, Moorooka, Nathan, Oxley, Robertson, Rocklea, Runcorn, Salisbury, Stretton, Sunnybank, Sunnybank Hills, Tennyson, Yeronga, and Yeerongpilly, and parts of Algester, Berrinba, Calamvale, Coopers Plains, Drewvale, Eight Mile Plains, Parkinson, Sherwood, and Tarragindi, Corinda.


Hitch (movie)

Hitch is a 2005 romantic comedy movie. The movie is about a professional dating consultant who teaches men how to get women to like them. Will Smith plays Alex. Eva Mendes plays Sara. Amber Valletta plays Allegra.

The movie was released on February 11, 2005. The overall reviews were positive. The box office was also positive.

Klondike River

The Klondike River is a river in the Yukon in Canada. It is a tributary of the Yukon River. The river starts in the Ogilvie Mountains. It flows into the Yukon River at Dawson City. Gold was discovered near the Klondike River in 1896. That started the Klondike Gold Rush.

Division of Petrie

The Division of Petrie is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was founded in 1949 and named after Andrew Petrie (1798–1872), a civil engineer, pioneer and explorer, and the first free settler in Brisbane (1837).

Petrie is in the northern suburbs of Brisbane, and includes Bald Hills, Bracken Ridge, Carseldine, Clontarf, Deception Bay, Fitzgibbon, Griffin, Kippa-Ring, Mango Hill, Margate, North Lakes, Redcliffe, Rothwell, Scarborough, Woody Point, and parts of Aspley, Bridgeman Downs, and Burpengary. 


Division of Rankin

The Division of Rankin is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1984. It is named after Annabelle Rankin, the first Queensland woman elected to the Senate.

Rankin is in the outer southern suburbs of Brisbane including, Algester, Berrinba, Browns Plains, Calamvale, Crestmead, Daisy Hill, Drewvale, Heritage Park, Hillcrest, Kingston, Logan Central, Marsden, Parkinson, Priestdale, Regents Park, Rochedale South, Slacks Creek, Springwood, Underwood, and Woodridge.


Lake Laberge

Lake Laberge is a lake in Yukon, Canada. It is where the Yukon River widens north of Whitehorse. It is long. It is between wide.

The lake is named after Michel LaBerge, a French-Canadian who explored the area in 1866.

Yukon Party

The Yukon Party is a conservative political party in Yukon, Canada. It was organized in 1978 as the Yukon Progressive Conservative Party. In 1991, it was renamed the "Yukon Party". In the 2002 elections, the Yukon Party won enough seats to form a government. The party also won the 2006 elections and the 2011 elections. They lost the 2016 elections and are the current Official Opposition.

Elizabeth Azcona Cranwell

Elizabeth Azcona Cranwell (March 10, 1933 - December 4, 2004) was a surrealist poet and translator from Argentina. She was born in Buenos Aires. She worked as a teacher at the University of Buenos Aires. She wrote about literature in "La Nación". She also translated writing from English to Spanish. She translated writing by Edgar Allen Poe, Dylan Thomas and William Shand. She was influenced by Olga Orozco. In 1984, she was given the Konex Award. She died in Buenos Aires in 2004. 


Roberto Telch

Roberto "Oveja" Telch (November 6, 1943 - October 12, 2014) was an Argentine footballer. He was born in San Vicente, Córdoba.

He won four league championships with San Lorenzo in Argentina and represented the Argentina national football team at the 1974 FIFA World Cup. Telch managed several teams in the lower leagues of Argentine football. He also worked for many years with the youth teams at San Lorenzo.

Telch died in Buenos Aires of a heart attack, aged 70.


Finn Lied

Finn Lied (12 April 1916 – 10 October 2014) was a Norwegian military researcher and politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was born in Fana, Norway.

He served as a captain in the army from 1944 to 1945, and civil engineer. From 1946 to 1956 he was a researcher at the Norwegian Defence Research Establishment. He had 41 positions in different government councils, boards and agencies. He served as the Minister of Industry in 1971–1972, in the Bratteli's First Cabinet. From 1973 to 1984 he was the chairman of Statoil.

From 1971 he was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters. He was also a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences. He was appointed a Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1980, and became Honorary Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in 1982.

Lied died in Oslo, Norway, aged 98.

Mary Beckett

Mary Beckett (1926-2013) was an Irish author.

She was born in Belfast in Northern Ireland. She used to work for BBC Northern Ireland, where she wrote plays for the radio. She also wrote short stories. She also worked as a teacher. She was married and had five children. She stopped publishing writing until the 1980s, when she wrote "The Belfast Woman". In addition to short stories, she also wrote children's books and one novel.


Citadel Center

Citadel Center is a 580ft (177m) tall skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois. It was designed by Spanish architect Ricardo Bofill. Citadel Center is the 44th tallest building in Chicago. It was completed in 2003. It has 39 floors. The copy of the sculpture Winged Victory of Samothrace is on display in the lobby. 



Maryam Mahboob

Maryam Mahboob (born 1955) is an Afghan writer. She writes about patriarchy and migrants in Afghanistan. She was born in Maimana, Afghanistan in 1955. She moved a lot because her father worked for the government. She went to college in Kabul and at the University of Tehran. She had to leave Afghanistan in 1979 after the Soviet War. She moved to Pakistan and then moved to Delhi, in India, in 1981. She created a journal, along with other Afghani who were living outside Afghanistan, called "Gahanama". The government of Afghanistan and the Mujahideen were angry about the journal and Mahboob had to move to Canada in 1983. 

Today, she writes a lot about Afghani communities around the world. She writes mainly about women's rights. 

Fairfield County, Connecticut

Fairfield County is located in the southwestern corner of the U.S. State of Connecticut. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 957,419. The county has a total area of 2,168 km² (837 mi²). 1,621 km² (626 mi²) of it is land and 547 km² (211 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 25.23% water.


Hartford County, Connecticut

Hartford County is located in the north central part of the U.S. state of Connecticut. As of the 2020 census, the population was 899,498. The county has a total area of 1,944 km² (751 mi²). 1,905 km² (735 mi²) of it is land and 39 km² (15 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 2.02% water.


Litchfield County, Connecticut

Litchfield County is located in the northwestern corner of the U.S. State of Connecticut. As of the 2020 census, the population was 185,186. The county has a total area of 2,446 km² (945 mi²). 2,383 km² (920 mi²) of it is land and 64 km² (25 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 2.61% water.


Middlesex County, Connecticut

Middlesex County is located in the south central part of the U.S. State of Connecticut. As of the 2020 census, the population was 164,245. The county has a total area of 1,137 km² (439 mi²). 956 km² (369 mi²) of it is land and 181 km² (70 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 15.90% water.


Tolland County, Connecticut

Tolland County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. State of Connecticut. As of the 2020 census, the population was 149,788. The county has a total area of 1,080 km² (417 mi²). 1,062 km² (410 mi²) of it is land and 18 km² (7 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 1.66% water.


Interstate 95 in Connecticut

Interstate 95 is the main north-south Interstate Highway on the East Coast of the United States. It runs in a general east-west compass direction for 111.57 miles (179.55 km) in Connecticut. The majority of the road, west (south) of the New London area, is part of the Connecticut Turnpike. This is connected to the New England Thruway in New York state. I-95 leaves the Turnpike west of New London, and continues east through that city towards Westerly, Rhode Island rather than turning north with the Turnpike (designated Interstate 395).



Connecticut Turnpike

The Connecticut Turnpike (also known as Governor John Davis Lodge Turnpike) is a freeway in Connecticut. It runs from Byram to South Killingly. It is approximately 135 miles long (94 miles on Interstate 95, 37 miles on Interstate 395, and 4 miles on State Route 695).

The Connecticut Turnpike opened in the early 1950s as the state's main highway. Once the road was considered paid for, and also due to several accidents near the toll booths, tolls were removed from the road in 1985. The turnpike was renamed for former Governor John Davis Lodge soon afterward. Very few signs nowadays identify the route as one unified road, and the section that runs as Route 695 carries no current identification at all (not even CT 695 markers) except to say that eastbound it goes "To US 6" and westbound it goes "To I-395".


William Shand

William Shand (1902 – 1997) was a writer and translator. He was born in Scotland. He lived in Argentina. He wrote poetry. He was also a playwright. He moved to Argentina in 1938. He wrote book reviews for "La Nación". He translated poetry by John Donne and Stephen Spender from English into Spanish. He worked with Alberto Girri to put together poetry collections of other poets' works. He was given a Merit Diploma of Translation in 1984 and 1994 by the Konex Foundation.

Capitol Loop

Capitol Loop is a state trunkline highway running through Lansing, Michigan. It was opened on October 13, 1989. It creates a loop route. The Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) has marked it as Capitol Loop I-496 or CL I-496 on some maps, similar to the designation of a business loop. It is known at MDOT as Connector 81. Part of it runs on the same road as BL I-96.


Jan van Dornicke

Jan van Dornicke (born around 1475 in Tournai, died around 1527 probably in Antwerp) was a painter of the Antwerp Mannerism movement. He was active in Antwerp from 1509 to his death. He was active as a producer of pictures for winged altars, which were mostly produced for export. 

Chehel Sotoun

Chehel Sotoun (or 'Chihil Sutun') is a pavilion in Isfahan, Iran. It is in the middle of a park at the end of a long pool. It was built by Shah Abbas II for his entertainment and receptions. In this palace, Shah Abbas II and his successors would receive dignitaries and ambassadors, either on the terrace or in one of the stately reception halls.

The name, meaning "Forty Columns" in Persian, was inspired by the twenty slender wooden columns supporting the entrance pavilion, which, when reflected in the waters of the fountain, are said to appear to be forty.

The palace has many frescoes and paintings on ceramic. Many of the ceramic panels are now in the possession of major museums in the west. They show specific historical scenes. There are also aesthetic compositions in the traditional miniature style which celebrate the joy of life and love.

The Chehel Sotoun Palace is among the nine Iranian Gardens which are registered as one of the Iran’s 17 World Heritage Sites. The nine gardens go by the name of "The Persian Garden".

Jan Massys

Jan Massys (born around 1510 in Antwerp, died 8 October 1575, also in Antwerp) was a Flemish painter. Other spellings of his name are Massijs, Matsys, Matsijs, Messijs, Messys, Metsijs, and Metsys. Today, he is known for his history paintings amongst others.

Paul Sahlin

Paul Sahlin, originally "Johansson", born 30 March 1955 in Strömslund in Trollhättan, Sweden, is a Swedish singer and songwriter. He scored successes in Sweden and West Germany. Later he bcame a funeral director He is well known for songs like the 1977 Svensktoppen hit "Guenerina", "Flyg min fjäril flyg" and the Christmas song "Jag önskar er alla en riktigt god jul". He also was the singer in Matz Bladhs between 1991 and 2004. Earlier, he had been the singer in the band "Säwes". Later, he became active with his dansband "Paul Sahlins".




Ann-Cathrine Wiklander

Ann-Cathrine Wiklander, born 4 July 1958 in Sollefteå, Sweden, is a Swedish female singer. She scored dansband successes during the 1990s. 

She has scored Svensktoppen hit songs like "Kärleken" (1993), "Vänd inte ryggen åt en vän" (1994), "Alla stunder" (1995), "Julklockor över vår jord" (1995-1996), "Liksom svalorna kommer med solen" (1996), "Min tanke är hos mig" (1998) and "Gamla vänner" (2000). On 12 July 1994, she appeared as a guest at Allsång på Skansen.

Ann-Cathrine Wiklander participated with the song "Som en dröm", at "schlager-SM" i TV 3 1994, together with Keith Almgrens orkester at Sandgrund in Karlstad.

In late 2012, she begun touring with Erik Lihm. She also works as a diabetics nurse at Österåsens hälsohem in Sollefteå.



The Book of Life (movie)

The Book of Life is a 2014 animated romantic comedy movie. This movie is about being torn between family expectations and following the heart of one. Christina Applegate plays teacher Mary Beth. Ice Cube plays a Candle Maker. Channing Tatum plays Tatum.

The movie was released on October 17, 2014.

Dan Chicoine

Daniel Chicoine (born November 30, 1957) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played a career total of 31 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Cleveland Barons and the Minnesota North Stars.

Before playing in the NHL, Chicoine played 4 seasons with the Sherbrooke Castors of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). Chicoine ended up being drafted 23rd overall by the Cleveland Barons in the 1977 NHL Amateur Draft and was also drafted 81st overall by the Quebec Nordiques in the 1977 WHA Amateur Draft.

He spent time between their AHL-affiliate team, the New Haven Nighthawks. He spent 6 games with the Barons and 17 games with the Phoenix Roadrunners of the Central Hockey League (CHL). On June 13, 1979, Chicoine was claimed as a fill-in during Expansion Draft by the Minnesota North Stars. He played 25 games with the North Stars and 117 games with their CHL-affiliate team, the Oklahoma City Stars. On June 9, 1981, he was traded to Quebec by Minnesota for Nelson Burton. He never played for them and spent 21 games with the Sherbrooke Jets of the AHL before retiring from professional ice hockey in 1983.

Kent vs Lancashire at Canterbury

Kent vs Lancashire at Canterbury is a oil painting by Albert Chevallier Tayler in 1906. The chairman of the Kent County Cricket Club, Lord Harris, wanted to celebrate their first County Championship title win. Tayler painted the picture after spending time with each of the Kent players one by one. 

The painting mostly stayed at Kent's St Lawrence Ground until 1999 when it was moved to Lord's Cricket Ground. Kent could no longer afford to insure it. In 2006, Kent sold the painting to the Andrew Brownsword Art Foundation at an auction. The painting is currently on display at the Lord's Pavilion.

The Spectacular Now

The Spectacular Now is a 2013 American romantic comedy-drama movie. Brie Larson plays Cassidy. Shailene Woodley plays Aimee. Mary Elizabeth Winstead plays Holly. Jennifer Jason Leigh plays Sara.

The movie got good review from the critics. The box office was also good.

Charlie Countryman

Charlie Countryman is a 2013 romantic comedy-thriller movie. The movie is about relationships and love, taking chances and life in Chicago. The title character is played by Shia LaBeouf. Evan Rachel Wood plays Gabi.

The movie got negative reviews from critics. It was released in November 2013.

Ulla Persson

Ulla Persson, born 1947 in Stockholm, Sweden, is a female singer from Sweden. During the 1960s she scored succeses.



Pontus Segerström

Pontus Segerström (17 February 1981 – 13 October 2014) was a Swedish footballer.

Segerström started his career at IF Brommapojkarna where he had played football from a young age. He later played for Danish Odense BK during a short period of time in 2004 before moving back to Sweden to play for Landskrona BoIS, first in Allsvenskan for the 2005 season and later in Superettan for the 2006 season. His two last seasons at the club was in Allsvenskan in 2013 and 2014.

Segerström died just 76 days after his last played Allsvenskan game, which he played as the captain from brain cancer, aged 33.

Ali Mazrui

Ali Al'amin Mazrui (24 February 1933 – 12 October 2014) was a Kenyan academic professor and political writer. He wrote about African and Islamic studies and North-South relations. He was born in Mombasa, Kenya. He was an Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies at Binghamton University in Binghamton, New York. 
Mazrui died in Binghamton, New York, aged 81.


Eicochrysops meryamae

Eicochrysops meryamae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ethiopia.

Hypatopa lucina

Hypatopa lucina is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.

Gotra

Gotra is a clan in Hindu society. It means the people who are descended in an unbroken male line from a common male ancestor. In the 4th century, Pāṇini wrote that gotra are the descendants of a sage, "beginning with the son's son."(IV. 1. 162). A person who says "I am Kashyapa-gotra," can trace his family from the ancient sage Kashyapa through an unbroken male line. 

According to the Brihadaranyaka Upanisad 2.2.6, Gautama and Bharadvāja, Viśvāmitra and Jamadagni, Vashishtha and Kaśhyapa, and Atri are seven sages (also known as Saptarishi). The descendants of these eight sages are said to be gotras. This explanation of the eight primary gotras seems to have been known to Pāṇini. Descendants of others are called "gotrâvayava".

Chandra

Chandra is a Hindu moon god. He is described as being young, beautiful and fair. In his hands he carries a club and a lotus. He rides his chariot across the sky every night, pulled by ten white horses or an antelope.

Division of Ryan

The Division of Ryan is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1949 and is named after T. J. Ryan, Premier of Queensland from 1915 to 1919. Ryan is located in south east Queensland. It is based on the south western suburbs of Brisbane, including Auchenflower, Bellbowrie, Brookfield, Chapel Hill, Ferny Grove, Fig Tree Pocket, The Gap, Indooroopilly, Karana Downs, Kenmore, Keperra, Lake Manchester, Moggill, Pullenvale, St Lucia, Taringa, Toowong, the western Centenary Suburbs and parts of Bardon.

John Moore was a Minister in the Fraser government, and also served as Minister for Defence in the Howard government. In 2001, Moore retired from politics, leading to a by-election for the division. The ALP won the by election but did not win the division at the next election, held later the same year. Michael Johnson was sacked from the Liberal Party after allegations of improper fundraising and not following the rules about using his tax payer provided motor car. He continued in Parliament as an independent, but was defeated at the 2010 election.


Division of Wright

The Division of Wright is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Queensland. It was set up in 2010. It covers the area inland from the Gold Coast, and includes the towns of Beaudesert and Boonah. It is named after the poet, Judith Wright (1915-2000) who lived in the area.


Frontiersman

Frontiersmen and frontierswomen are people living on the frontier between settled and unsettled lands. The frontier was a place between civilization and the unknown wilderness. Frontiersmen often cleared the land, built shelters, raised children, and grew crops. Hunting and animal trapping were prime sources of meat. Animal furs and skins were made into clothing. Famous American frontiersmen include Davy Crockett, Daniel Boone, and Kit Carson. The United States, Canada, and Australia are countries In which frontiersmen and women have been found in large numbers.

Black Box (band)

Black Box was a late 1980s/early 1990s house music group. They were known for hit singles like "Everybody Everybody", "Strike it Up" and "I Don't Know Anybody Else".

The group broke up in 1998.

Super Mario (disambiguation)

Super Mario might mean:



Since the appearance of "Super Mario Bros.", a number of individuals named Mario have been nicknamed "Super Mario" by fans.



Gang Starr

Gang Starr was an East Coast hip hop duo. The members were MC Guru and DJ Premier. The group was started in Boston, Massachusetts in 1985. The group made hardcore hip hop.

The group ended in 2006.

Guru died in 2010.

List of Bienes de Interés Cultural in the Province of Biscay

This is a list of Bienes de Interés Cultural (registered monuments and landmarks) in the Province of Biscay, Spain.

Big Daddy Kane

Antonio Hardy (better known as Big Daddy Kane; born September 10, 1968) is an American rapper. He began his rapping career in 1986 with rap group the Juice Crew. In the late 1980s, Kane released his album "It's a Big Daddy Thing". As of 2014, that was his biggest album. That album included songs like "Smooth Operator".

Hardy was born in Brooklyn, New York.


Isaiah Owens

Isaiah Randolph "Ikey" Owens (December 1, 1975 - October 14, 2014) was an American keyboardist. He was known for his work with The Mars Volta, Jack White and a variety of bands from the Long Beach music scene.

On October 14, 2014, Owens was found dead in his hotel room in Cholula, Mexico, aged 38. He died of an apparent heart attack.

William Peter Blatty

William Peter Blatty (January 7, 1928 – January 12, 2017) was an American writer, screenwriter, and movie director. The novel "The Exorcist", written in 1971, is his most well-known novel. He was the screenwriter of the movie adaptation. He won an Academy Award for it. He also wrote and directed the third movie of the trilogy, "The Exorcist III."


Adactylidium

Adactylidium is a genus of mites. It is known for its short and unusual life cycle. The pregnant female mite attaches herself to a single egg of a thrip. She grows from five to eight female offspring and one male in her body. The offspring begin to eat their mother from the inside out. The single male mite mates with all his sisters when they are still in the mother. The females, now pregnant, cut holes in their mother's body. This is so that they can get out to find new thrips eggs. The male gets out too. But having served his biological function he dies after a few hours. The females die at the age of four days, when their own offspring eat them alive from the inside.

Thompson Twins

Thompson Twins were an English alternative rock band formed in 1977. The group disbanded in May 1993. They were successful in having three top ten hits in the US. When the group did not move past their Synthpop sound they lost their popularity. Through most of their career there were three members. However none were twins and none were named Thompson.


Animorphs: Know the Secret

Animorphs: Know the Secret is a video game for Microsoft Windows. It was made in 2000. It is based on the book series "Animorphs", which is written by K. A. Applegate.

Animorphs

Animorphs is a young-adult science fiction book series. They were written by K. A. Applegate and published by Scholastic. It is told in the first person, from perspectives of 6 different characters; Rachel, Cassie, Jake, Tobias, Marco, and Aximilli-Esgarouth-Isthil. A different character is featured for each book. It was published from June 1996 to May 2001. There are 54 books in the series.

Fiddlehead fern

Fiddleheads are a type of vegetable.

Hurricane Gonzalo

Hurricane Gonzalo was a Category 4 hurricane. The storm threatened Bermuda. The hurricane struck the northern Leeward Islands, killing one person. Gonzalo formed on October 12, 2014. On October 14, hurricane notices were put up for Bermuda when the storm began heading their direction.

Delhi Poetry Festival

Delhi Poetry Festival is an annual poetry festival. It was organized by Poets Corner Group in Delhi in 2013.


Louis Philippe, Crown Prince of Belgium

Louis Philippe, Crown Prince of Belgium (24 July 1833 – 17 May 1834), was the eldest child and heir-apparent of King Leopold I of the Belgians and his second wife, Louise of Orléans. He died as an infant. He may have been named after his grandfather Louis Philippe I.

Louis Philippe became crown prince at birth in Laeken. His birth was announced by the sound of 101 cannon shots at the capitol, Brussels. The baby was baptised at the Collegiate church of St. Michael and St. Gudule at Brussels.

Louis-Philippe died of an inflammation of the mucous membranes. According to his father, this was completely preventable. His funeral was held on 24 May 1843. He was buried in the Mausoleum of the Dukes of Brabant at the Collegiate church of St. Michael and St. Gudule. He is now burried in the chapel of Church of Our Lady of Laeken (Notre Dame de Laeken), near his family's tomb. This church did not exist at the time of his death. His mother died in 1850 and wanted to be buried at Laeken near the royal residence. Construction for the church began in 1854. It houses the royal crypt where the royal family is buried. A contemporary source recorded his passing: "The family of King Leopold are plunged into the deepest distress by the sudden death of the Duke of Brabant, the heir-apparent to the throne." He was followed as crown prince upon the birth of his younger brother, Leopold (Léopold Louis Philippe Marie Victor), who would later succeed their father as Leopold II, King of the Belgians. Leopold was the replacement child to Louis-Philippe.

His tombstone records his titles as: "S.A.R. ("Son Altesse Royale" or Royal Highness) le Prince Louis-Philippe Duc le Brabant".


The Hindu

The Hindu is an English language newspaper in India. It was founded on 20 September 1878. It is headquartered in Chennai, India.


Poets Corner Group

Poets Corner Group is a poetry group in India founded in 2011 by poet Yaseen Anwer. The group hosts online competitions, poetry reading events, panel discussions, book launches, workshops, and other activities. Poets Corner organizes annual poetry event in New Delhi called Delhi Poetry Festival. It has published over 21 anthologies in both English and Hindi.



Marie Dubois

Marie Dubois (Claudine Lucie Pauline Huzé; January 12, 1937 - October 15, 2014) was a French actress. Dubois was born in Paris, France. She studied at l'École de la rue Blanche (ENSATT). She made her movie debut in 1959. She was first gaining notice as Léna in "Shoot the Piano Player".

She was known for her roles in "Jules and Jim", "The Thief of Paris", "Hot Line", "La Ronde", "La Grande Vadrouille", and "Monte Carlo or Bust". In 1978 she won the César Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Dominique Montlaur in "La Menace".

Dubois married French actor Serge Rousseau in 1961. They remained together until his death in 2007. Dubois died in Paris, France from multiple sclerosis, aged 77.


Giovanni Reale

Giovanni Reale (15 April 1931 – 15 October 2014) was an Italian historian and philosopher. Reale was born in Candia Lomellina, Pavia, Italy. He mostly wrote about Greek philosophy. He was a teacher at Vita-Salute San Raffaele University in Italy. 

Reale died on 15 October 2014 in his home in Luino, Italy, aged 83.

Elizabeth Peña

Elizabeth Peña (September 23, 1959 – October 14, 2014) was an Cuban-American actress and television director. She was known for her roles in "The Incredibles", "Rush Hour", "Jacob's Ladder", and "La Bamba". She was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey.

Peña died at the age of 55 on October 14, 2014 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California from septic shock and cardiopulmonary arrest complicated from cirrhosis of the liver.

Helmut Ruge

Helmut Ruge (7 February 1940 – 8 October 2014) was a German comedian, author, director and actor. He was born in Stuttgart. Ruge was originally a graduate sociologist and psychologist. He wrote 37 cabaret programs and ten plays. 

Ruge lived in Munich since 1967. Ruge died on October 8, 2014 at the age of 74 years after a long illness in Munich.


Berberis hayatana

Berberis hayatana is a species of flowering plant in the family Berberidaceae. It was first described in 1952 then renamed in 1954. It is found mainly in Taiwan. "Berberis hayatana" is a low evergreen shrub. It is common to the Central Mountain Range at elevations of between and . 

Gone Girl (movie)

Gone Girl is a 2014 American crime thriller mystery movie set in Missouri. It is an adaptation of a novel by Gillian Flynn that is also called "Gone Girl". The movie is about a man who is suspected of killing his wife after she goes missing. Ben Affleck plays Nick Dunne. Rosamund Pike plays his wife Amy.

The movie received positive reviews from critics. Its box office was very positive.

Matt Carpenter

Matthew Martin Carpenter (born November 26, 1985) is a professional baseball player. He plays for the St. Louis Cardinals. The positions he plays are second and third base. Carpenter played his major league game on June 4, 2011 at Busch Stadium. He became their regular leadoff hitter early in the 2013 season.

Christian church

A Christian church (or local church) is a group of people who share a faith or belief within a community. They usually meet in one particular location called a cathedral, temple, tabernacle, or simply a church building. A church group represents a certain doctrine and traditions. Many Christian churches that use the same name and share the same beliefs are a part of a denomination. A church that not part of a larger group is usually called nondenominational. There are estimated to be over 41,000 denominations worldwide. They may fall within three general groups: Orthodox, Catholic and Protestant Churches.

Horses in World War I

Horses in World War I were very easily killed by machine guns and ordinary guns on the battlefields. Over 48,000 horses were killed in World War I, 210 from poison gas. Many drowned, died of exhaustion, or got stuck in mud or shell holes.

Horses were mainly used for helping with transport. They carried guns and bullets. They were better than motor vehicles over rough and muddy surfaces. It was hard to get enough food for them because they were in the middle of war. Horses ate about ten times as much food as a human. In 1917, allied operations were threatened when horse feed rations were reduced.

Fitzroy River (Queensland)

The Fitzroy River is in Queensland, Australia. The river is formed by the coming together of the Mackenzie and Dawson rivers at Duaringa. 

The Fitzroy was named by Charles and William Archer on 4 May 1853. The river was named in honour of Sir Charles FitzRoy, Governor of the Colony of New South Wales. Queensland did not become a colony until 1859.


Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette

Marie-Joseph Paul Yves Roch Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de La Fayette (6 September 1757 – 20 May 1834), known in the United States as Lafayette, was a French aristocrat, politician and liberal thinker. He believed in the Age of Enlightenment and played an important role during the American War of Independence and the French Revolution. In 1789, he presented a draft of the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen. He worked on the document with Thomas Jefferson, who was the American ambassador in Paris.

Gilbert du Motier was born at the château de Chavaniac, in southern France. His father, Louis Christophe du Motier, was Marquis of La Fayette in his own right. His mother, Marie Louise Jolie de La Rivière, was from an aristocratic family from northern France.


Portuguese Football Federation

The Portuguese Football Federation (FPF) ( FPF; ) is the governing body of football in Portugal. It organises the Campeonato Nacional de Seniores, the Taça de Portugal, the Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira, youth levels, women's football, beach soccer, futsal, and also the men's and the women's national football teams. It was formed in 1914. It is based in Lisbon.

Fitzroy River (Western Australia)

The Fitzroy River is in the West Kimberley part of Western Australia. The Fitzroy flows into the Indian Ocean. The first European to visit the Fitzroy River was George Grey in 1837 aboard the H.M.S. Beagle. The river was given its European name by Lieutenant J.L. Stokes in February 1838 after Captain Robert FitzRoy.


Fitzroy River

There are three rivers named the Fitzroy River, all in Australia:

IPad Air 2

The iPad Air 2 is the second generation version of the iPad Air tablet computer that is designed and sold by Apple Inc. It was announced during an event on October 16, 2014 along with the iPad mini 3. It has a thinner design and also has Touch ID compared to the iPad Air.

The iPad Air 2 originally came with iOS 8 installed and is upgradable up to iPadOS 15.

Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali Temple

The Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali Temple is a shrine in Kerala, India. The shrine is in Mullassery. It is from Karakulam. It is from Thiruvananthapuram. The temple is managed by the Pathiyanadu sree Bhadrakali Kshetram Trust.

The temple enshrines Goddess Bhadrakali as the presiding Deity. The idol stands for Goddess Bhadrakali, the daughter of Lord Shiva. Other deities worshipped at the Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali Temple called Upadevatha's temples include Lord MahaGanapathy and Nagaraja.

Darika was a demon who received a boon from Brahma which granted that he would never be defeated by any man living in any of the fourteen worlds of Hindu mythology. This made Darika immensely powerful and arrogant. Armed with this boon, Darika went on to conquer the world, defeating even Indra, the king of the gods. As his atrocities became intolerable, the sage Narada asked Shiva to stop Darika. Shiva agreed, saying that Darika would be killed by the goddess Kali. Shiva opened his third eye and produced Kali, whose purpose was to destroy Darika. The goddess was a woman and not born among the humans. She killed him by beheading him. The goddess didn't stop with Darika and, unable to control her rage, began destroying the landscape and the very humans for whose sake she had destroyed Darika. The Gods could not defeat her, and she was finally calmed when Shiva lay on the ground in front of her, submitting.

Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali Temple Festival is held every year, One of the Festival is Navaratri Mahotsavam and it is about Nine Days Festival and the Main Festival (Kumbabharani Mahotsavam) usually between February and March. The Dikkubali Mahotsavam is held every three years and the Paranettu Mahotsavam is held every six years. These festivals begin in the Malayalam month of Kumbham and the nakshatra Bharani, So all these festivals are called Kumbhabharani Mahotsavam.

This pooja is held on the Third day of the Festival. On that day girls above 18 participate in this pooja to remove their Dhoshas on their marriage, and get married soon and also get good a groom. On that day Trikalayanam (marriage of goddess Bhadrakali, based on Chilapathikaram) takes place. There are thousands and thousands of people here to see this pooja and participate in Trikalayanam and to get the goddess's blessings.

This pooja is seen only in this temple in Kerala. On the Festival days many people participate in this pooja to remove Durdevadas from their house and get Lekshmi Devi's blessings to their house.

This pooja is seen only in this temple in Kerala. It is on the Festival days many people participate in this pooja to remove Dhosham like (black magic etc.) from their house.

On the fifth day of festival, this is performed by the priest of the temple. He performs some trance like dances until he is unconscious. It is done to remove Dhosham like Drishti dhosham, Vilidhosham, Black Magic etc. It believed that on this pooja the presiding deity's bhoothaganams remove these dhosham from the people who participated in this pooja and also to the people who watch this pooja.

It is performed by the Kshetra thantri, on Festival day. This pooja is conducted to remove Sarppadhoshas.

Kalamkaval is a famous custom practiced at the temple premises and nearby places during the festival. It is believed that the Goddess Bhadrakali searches her enemy demon, Daaruka in all directions before putting him to death. Devotees commemorate this legend by seeing this unique Kalamkaval. Kalamkaval is the ritual in which the chief priest, carries the idol on his head and performs some trance like dances until he is unconscious. During kalamkaval, the chief priest wears anklet and thiruvabharam (traditional gold ornaments of goddess that includes kappu, vanki, odyanam, paalakka mala, pichi mottu mala, muthu mala etc.). People believe that the priest gets strength to carry on the trance with the idol on his head, due to the blessings of the Devi enshrined in the temple.

It is believed that Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali searches for her enemy demon, Daaruka in all four directions before putting him to death.The four directions are East, South, West, North and also in each of these direction Kalamkaval and Gurusi takesplace.

It is believed that a fight erupted between Devi and the demon Darikan in the sky. The fight is enacted on a specially erected stage, about 100 feet high and is conducted at night known as Paranettu.

Nilathilporu marks the conclusion of the Kumbhabharani Paranettu festival at Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali Temple. During the climactic moment of this ceremony, the demon Daarika (the man with the symbolic crown in the foreground) weeps and begs for mercy from the Goddess. Subsequently, the Goddess beheads the demon.

The festival, ends with a grand procession knows as Aaraattu. During Aaraattu the Idol is cleaned using water collected from 101 pots. Aaraattu is conducted at Pathiyanadu Ambalakkadavu. Girls below ten years of age with the chief priest perform the function.

Pongala at Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali Temple is celebrated during the Festival of Malayalam month of Kumbham on the Punartham Nakshatram (Punarvasu Nakshatra). Pongala is the rice cooked with jaggery, ghee, and coconut and other ingredients in the open in small pots by women to please the Goddess. In Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadrakali Temple Pongal many women from different places come and put pongala to makes their wishes true.

Akathu Nivedhyam, Kumkumaarchana, Ikyamathyarchana, Vidhyaasooktham, Rakthapushpaarchana, Bhaagyasooktharchana, Saraswathymantrarchana, Shatruthaasamhararchana, Swayamvaraarchana, Muttirakku (only on Sundays), Kumkumabhishekam(only on Sundays), Manjalabhishekam(only on Sundays), ManjalPara(only on Sundays), Swayamavara homam (specific months), Ganapathy homam, Mahaganapathy homam (on swayamvarahomam days and on vinayaka chathurthi),Chandika Homam (once in a year),Guruthi Pushpanjali (only on Sundays), Thattam pooja(with all fruits), Nagarchana, Ayilya Pooja, Thulaabhaaram, Kunjoonu, Aazhcha Pooja, Visheshal Pooja etc.

There are many cultural programmes held on Festival days, Karkkidakavavu bali, etc. On the Festival days Samskaarika Sammelanam takes place. On that occasion several awards are given to the talented people. Awards like the sadhchitra award, Kalamadhyamasreshtta Puraskaaram, and also awards for the students who are talented in several arts and also in studies. The Kalamadhyamasreshtta Puraskaaram is given to the people who show talent in the fields of Films, Media, etc. In 2011, the Kalamadhyamasreshtta Puraskaaram was given to the actress Chippi; in 2012 it was given to cinema serial actress Indhulekha; In 2013 to Actor Madhu, in 2014 to Sugathakumari teacher, and in 2015 to Kavaalam Narayana Panicker


CompactFlash

CompactFlash is a name of a standard used for a mass storage device, which is mostly used in digital cameras. Today, most CompactFlah devices use flash memory. Since most CompactFlash cards have no movable parts, they are also used in embedded systems. Compact flash cards are 36.4mm by 42.8mm in size, and either 3.3mm or 5mm thick. The 3.3mm type is known as Type I, the 5mm type is known as Type II. Most type II devices are small hard disks. The transfer speed is often given as an x rating, where the base is 150kB/s for 1x speed, which was also the base speed for reading compact discs.

In many cases, reading is faster than writing, often by a factor of two to three. That way, a speed of "133x" is roughly that of 20MB/sec. When the speed is given as a rate, usually in MB/s, this speed is the maximum speed that can be obtained reading from the device.

There are ComactFlash devices of different capacities.

Misty Upham

Misty Anne Upham (July 6, 1982 – October 2014) was an American actress. She was best known for her role in the Academy Award-nominated movie "Frozen River" (2008). She also appeared in movies such as "Django Unchained" (2012) and "". Upham was also had roles in the television shows "Big Love" and "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet".

Upham was born in Kalispell, Montana and grew up in Auburn, Washington. She was Native American and apart of the Blackfoot Confederacy of Montana.

Upham went missing on October 5, 2014. On October 16, she was found dead at the bottom of a cliff in a wooded area near Auburn. She was 32.

Nika Kiladze

Nika Kiladze ( 29 November 1988 – 7 October 2014) was a Georgian footballer. He played professionally in both Georgia and Finland from 2006 until his death in 2014. He played as a defensive midfielder for Orbebi Tbilisi, Kokkolan Palloveikot (KPV), Kajaanin Haka, and FC Guria Lanchkhuti.

Kiladze was born in Gagra, Abkhaz ASSR, Georgian SSR of the Soviet Union.

Kiladze died in a motorcycle accident on 7 October 2014 in Tbilisi. He was 25.


Doggystyle

Doggystyle is a gangsta rap album by Snoop Dogg (then known as Snoop Doggy Dogg). The album was recorded not long after "The Chronic" (1992). "Doggystyle" was praised by critics for lyrical "realism".

This album was released on November 23, 1993. It premiered at #1 on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart. The lyrics created some controversy.

Tête de Moine

Tête de Moine is a hard cheese made from cows' milk. It is made in the cantons of Berne and Jura in Switzerland. It was first made in the Bellelay Abbey in the 12th century. 

Tanhum Cohen-Mintz

Tanhum "Tani" Cohen-Mintz (8 October 1939 – 11 October 2014) was an Israeli basketball player. A 6 ft 8 1/2 in (2.04 m) center, he played professionally between 1956 and 1972 for Maccabi Tel Aviv. He was also the captain of the Israel national basketball team 86 times between 1959 and 1971. In 1992, he became a member of the Jewish Sports Hall of Fame.

Cohen-Mintz was born in Riga, Latvia to Jewish parents. He also played tennis, to follow his mother, Edith, but was convinced to play basketball due to his height and athletic abilities.

Cohen-Mintz died from cancer on 11 October 2014 in Tel Aviv. He was 75.


Alfstarz

The Alfstarz was a dansband in the town of Ronneby, Sweden.



2014 Asian Games

The 2014 Asian Games, officially known as the XVII Asiad, was a sports event in Incheon, South Korea. It occurred from September 19 to October 4, 2014. There were 439 events in 36 sports and disciplines.

On April 17, 2007, Incheon was chosen to host the event. Incheon was the third city in South Korea to have the Asian Games. Seoul hosted them in 1986 and Busan hosted them in 2002.

The final medal count was led by China, followed by South Korea and Japan. Fourteen World records and 27 Asian records were broken during the Games. Japanese swimmer Kosuke Hagino was the most valuable player of the Games. Though there were several controversies, the Games were considered mainly successful. That was helped by the low cost and the rising standard of competition between the Asian countries.



The 2014 Asian Para Games is a disabled sport event held months after the Asian Games.


Seppo Kuusela

Seppo Ilmo Kuusela (25 February 1934 – 16 October 2014) was a Finnish basketball player and coach. A 6 ft 0 in (1.83 m) point guard and shooting guard, he played professionally between 1952 and 1969. He played for both Pantterit and Tapion Honka (now known as Espoon Honka), as well as for Finland's national basketball team. From 1970 until 1992, he coached Espoon Honka.

Kuusela was born in Helsinki. He grew up in Töölö.

Kuusela died on 16 October 2014 at the age of 80.


China at the 2014 Asian Games

China participated in the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea from 19 September to 4 October 2014.

Lyudmila Shishova

Lyudmila Shishova (; 1 June 1940 – 21 February 2004) was a Soviet fencer. In the 1960 Summer Olympics, she won gold in the women's team foil fencing. In the 1964 Summer Olympics, she won a silver medal.

Kimani Njogu

Kimani Njogu (born Simon Kimani Njogu) was born in Kipkelion Township and educated at Taita Towett Secondary School, Kenyatta College, the University of Nairobi and Yale university where he attained a Ph.D in linguistics in 1993.. He is an editor, playwright, theorist and linguist. He is published in studies, language and media. 

He is best known for his work promoting the use of the Swahili language. He is the founding-Chairman of Chama cha Kiswahili cha Taifa (CHAKITA-Kenya), the Kenya National Swahili Committee which guided the process of developing the Languages of Kenya Policy and Bill. He is the Chair of the Board of the Legal Resources Foundation Trust; a not-for-profit Kenyan civil organization which promotes access to justice through human education, research and advocacy. 

Yvonne Strahovski

Yvonne Jaqueline Strzechowski (born 30 July 1982), better known by the stage name Yvonne Strahovski, is an Australian actress. She is best known for playing CIA agent Sarah Walker in the NBC television series "Chuck" from 2007 until 2012. She also appeared as Hannah McKay in the Showtime series "Dexter" from 2012 until 2013. Her movie roles include "Killer Elite" (2011), "The Guilt Trip" (2013) and "I, Frankenstein" (2014). She also played Miranda Lawson in the "Mass Effect" video games and CIA agent Kate Morgan in "24": "".

Strahovski was born in Werrington Downs, a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales. Her parents are Polish immigrants from Tomaszów Mazowiecki. She speaks both English and Polish. She is also a supporter of PETA.

Tim Hauser

Timothy DuPron "Tim" Hauser (December 12, 1941 – October 16, 2014) was an American singer. He was best known for being a member of the vocal group The Manhattan Transfer. He was a founding member of the group in 1969. The group has won ten Grammy Awards.

Hauser was born in Troy, New York and grew up in the coastal region of Jersey Shore, New Jersey. Both of his marriages ended in divorce. He had two children: a son, Basie, and a daughter, Lily.

Hauser died from cardiac arrest and pneumonia on October 16, 2014 in Sayre, Pennsylvania. He was 72.

African palm civet

The African palm civet ("Nandinia binotata"), or two-spotted palm civet, is a small mammal. It is in the Feliformia suborder.

It has short legs, small ears, a body like a civet cat, and a long lithe tail as long as its body. Adults usually weigh . It is native to the forests of eastern Africa and the Congo River basin. It usually lives in trees, and it is omnivorous: it eats rodents, insects, eggs, carrion, fruit, birds and fruit bats. The animal is generally solitary and nocturnal.

Although it looks like other civet species (in the family Viverridae), the African palm civet is genetically distinct: they probably diverged from other civets before the cats did. They are therefore classified as the only species in the genus Nandinia and in their own family, Nandiniidae. However, not all experts accept this.

Max &amp; Shred

Max & Shred is a Canadian/American-produced sitcom. It was first shown in the United States on Nickelodeon on October 6, 2014. It was first shown in Canada on YTV on October 7, 2014.

The series is about the friendship between Max Asher (Jonny Gray), a celebrity snowboarder, and Alvin "Shred" Ackerman (Jake Goodman), a science whiz-kid. They become roommates and instant friends when Max moves to Colorado to train for the Winter Cup.



Carina Jaarneks orkester

Carina Jaarneks orkester was a dansband in the town of Ronneby, Sweden. The band scored chart successes at Svensktoppen between the late 1980s and the early 2000s. The band was started in 1989. Carina Jaarnek acted as the band's singer. In 1991, the band won the first, unofficial, edition of the Swedish Dansband Championships contest. In the year 2000, the band participated in the finals of the "Dansbandslåten" contest with the song "Minns du hur vi älskade". However, the song didn't win the contest





Bradford Forster Square railway station

Bradford Forster Square is one of two main railway stations in Bradford, West Yorkshire. The other one is Bradford Interchange.

The railway station was moved to its current place in the early 1990s. Before that, it was next to where it is now. In the old place, it was much bigger. A little while after the move, the line was made electric.

The station has some service to London King's Cross. It has regular service to Leeds, Skipton and Ilkley. For most long distance service, passengers must change at Leeds.

Mario Power Tennis

Mario Power Tennis, known as in Japan is a sport video game for the GameCube. The game was released in Europe and North America in 2004 and in Australia in 2005. The game was re-released on the Nintendo Wii as part of New Play Control!. And you released date only the Platfrorms complete.

The game got very good reviews, including a score of 81.03% on GameRankings. It also received a score of 8.5 from IGN.

Bradford Interchange

Bradford Interchange is one of two main railway stations in Bradford, West Yorkshire. The other is Bradford Forster Square. It is a transport interchange in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. It consists of a railway station and combined bus and coach station adjacent. The Interchange was designed in 1962. At the time it was hailed as a showpiece of European design when it opened in 1971. It is served by the majority of bus services in the city centre. It is also served by National Express. The railway station, which is one of two in the city centre, is served by Northern Rail. It is also the terminus for Grand Central services to Kings Cross railway station.

The station opened as part of the Leeds and Bradford railway in 1850 as "Bradford Exchange" It has been rebuilt since. The latest part to be rebuilt is the bus station in the 1990s.

The station has an unusual layout with a concourse on the ground floor and both the bus and train stations on the first floor. They are accessed by escalators. The railway station is a terminus station.

The station has services to Leeds, Halifax and Manchester Victoria. For most long distance trains passengers change at Leeds. Grand Central Trains run a service to London King's Cross.

The Interchange is the city's main bus and coach station. Buses run by First Bradford run throughout the city from the Interchange and National Express coaches to other cities do too.


Bammy

Bammy or bami is a traditional Jamaican cassava flatbread. It is like the simple flatbread eaten by the Arawaks. Today, it is produced in many places. It is sold in stores and by street sellers in Jamaica.

Monia Sjöström

Linda "Monia" Paulette Sjöström, born 21 December 1973 in Ballingslöv, Sweden is a Swedish female dansband singer. She has sung with Grönwalls, and was one of the bandmembers who in 1991 formed the band, and in 1992 won the Swedish Dansband Championships contest. She also participated at Melodifestivalen 1997 with the song "Nu i dag", ending up 11th.

In February 1999, she was appointed "best dansband voice of Sweden" in the "Får jag lov" magazine. Some months later, she left Grönwalls to start a country music carrier with the albums "Monia", recorded in the USA, and "Söderns hjärtas ros". Both albums entered the Swedish album chart.

In mid 2004, she returned to Grönwalls.s In 2006 she was awarded the Guldklaven award in the category "Singer of the year" during the Swedish Dansband Week in Malung.



Patrick Paul D’Souza

Patrick Paul D'Souza (August 28, 1928 October 16, 2014) was a Roman Catholic bishop. He was ordained to the priesthood on December 20, 1953. D'Souza was named bishop of the Diocese of Banaras on June 5, 1970. He was ordained bishop on August 8, 1970. The diocese was renamed Diocese of Varanasi in 1971. D'Souza retired on February 24, 2007. He was born in Bendur, Mangalore.

D'Souza died in Mumbai, India, aged 84.

Sumi Haru

Sumi Haru (also known as Sumi Sevilla Haru; August 25, 1939 – October 16, 2014) was an American movie, television and theatre actress. She was best known for such movies and television shows as "Krakatoa, East of Java", "MASH", "The Beverly Hillbillies" and "Hill Street Blues".

Haru died at the age of 75 on October 16, 2014.


Mikhail Marynich

Mikhail Marynich (; , 13 January 1940 — 17 October 2014) was a Belarusian opposition leader. He was from Homiel Voblast. He was a minister of foreign economic affairs and an ambassador of Belarus to Latvia. 

Marynich died on 17 October 2014 at the age of 74.

Tom Shaw (bishop)

Marvil Thomas "Tom" Shaw III, SSJE (August 28, 1945October 17, 2014) was an American Episcopal bishop. He was the fifteenth Bishop of Massachusetts. Shaw was born in Battle Creek, Michigan.

Shaw died of brain cancer in West Newberry, Massachusetts, aged 69.

Topic sentence

Topic sentence is a term in grammar. It applies to expository writing. Expository writing is a type of writing where the purpose is to explain, inform, or even describe. 

A topic sentence is usually the first in a paragraph. It states the main idea in a paragraph. In this way, it helps the reader to understand what follows. So, for example, a sentence like "Minor planets are smaller than major planets, and have orbits further out than the orbit of Neptune" could be followed by details of the minor planets. Often topic sentences do a similar job to summaries.As usual we will give you an example of topic sentence

Topic:sophia missed her exam

Detail 1:she was get up at 7:30 pm

Detail 1:she was playing too much with her cousins at her g.ma's house

Calamari

Calamari is squid that is prepared to be eaten. It can be prepared in several ways. Most common is deep frying or sautéing after coating the rings with batter. If deep fried, it is done for less than two minutes to prevent toughness. It is usually served with a dip, mayonnaise or something similar. Calamari is a standard dish in Italian restaurants, served as a starter.

Fruit salad

Fruit salad is a dish with of different kinds of fruit. Fruit salad can sometimes be served in a liquid like juices or a syrup. Most of the time it is served as an appetizer or as a dessert. A fruit salad is sometimes known as a fruit cocktail or fruit cup.

Francesca Marie Smith

Francesca Marie Smith (born March 26, 1985) is an American actress. She is best known as the voice of Helga Pataki and Timberly Johanssen. This was on Nickelodeon's "Hey Arnold!" series (1996–2004).

Smith graduated from California's Stanford University with a Bachelor of Arts degree. She earned a Master of Arts degree in Communication at Pepperdine University. Smith taught Public Speaking and Rhetorical Analysis at Pepperdine. This is while she continued to work as a debate coach. She is a doctorial candidate at the University of Southern California.

Ronald Reagan Speaks Out Against Socialized Medicine

Ronald Reagan Speaks Out Against Socialized Medicine is a 1961 LP featuring Ronald Reagan. It is a ten-minute recording.

In the recording, Reagan criticized Social Security for ""supplanting" private savings" and warned that medicine would be "bad for Americans' freedom" and that "pretty soon your son won't decide when he's in school, where he will go or what he will do for a living. He will wait for the government to tell him."



Edgar Mitchell

Dr. Edgar Dean "Ed" Mitchell, (September 17, 1930 – February 4, 2016), (Capt, USN, Ret.) was an American retired naval officer and aviator, test pilot, aeronautical engineer, parapsychologist, and NASA astronaut. He was a moonwalker.

He was the Lunar Module Pilot of Apollo 14. He spent nine hours working on the lunar surface in the Fra Mauro Highlands region. Mitchell was born in Hereford, Texas.

Mitchell died under hospice care in Lake Worth, Florida from complications of kidney cancer on February 4, 2016 at the age of 85.


Statue of Liberty National Monument

The Statue of Liberty National Monument is a national monument of the United States. It is made up of two islands: Ellis Island and Liberty Island. The Statue of Liberty is included because it is on Liberty Island.

This national monument was created in 1924. At first, it included only the Statue of Liberty. In 1965, Ellis Island was added. In 1966, Liberty Island was added.


Alpha and Omega: The Legend of the Saw Tooth Cave

Alpha and Omega: The Legend of the Saw Tooth Cave (or simply Alpha and Omega 4) is a 2014 American computer-animated action-comedy/fantasy movie. It was distributed by Lions Gate Entertainment. It was produced by Crest Animations Productions. It was co-produced and directed by Richard Rich. It was written by Tom Kane.

This movie is the fourth chapter in the "Alpha and Omega" franchise. It is about Runt exploring the haunted Saw Tooth Cave, where he finds a wolf who's been driven from her pack for being different. The movie is the sequel to "Alpha and Omega", "" and "". It was released on iTunes on September 23, 2014 and in October 7 on DVD, Digital HD and Pay-Per-View. It was also theatrically released in some countries.


"Alpha and Omega: The Legend of the Saw Tooth Cave" was officially announced in the DVD special features of "". Director Richard Rich showed a small clip of the movie's storyboards.


A fifth movie titled "Alpha and Omega: Family Vacation" was released on DVD on August 4, 2015. Three more sequels were announced for Lionsgate to distribute, the first of which was set for an early 2016 release.

Ontario Highway 402

Ontario Highway 402, also called King's Highway 402, is a provincial highway in southwestern Ontario, Canada. It connects the Blue Water Bridge in Sarnia and Ontario Highway 401 in London. The highway runs mostly east-west. The only large municipality along the highway is Strathroy-Caradoc.

Construction on the highway started in 1939 but was stopped due to World War II. Work started again in 1952. The highway was finished in 1982. In 2009, the westbound part of the highway near Sarnia was widened from four lanes into six lanes.

British Columbia Highway 97

British Columbia Highway 97 is a provincial highway in British Columbia, Canada. It is 2,081 kilometers (1,293 miles) long. It runs from the Canada/United States border near Osoyoos to the British Columbia/Yukon border near Watson Lake, Yukon. It is the longest provincial highway in Canada. The highway is a continuation of U.S. Route 97, from which it gets its name.

The highway has several names, depending on which part of British Columbia it passes through. For example, the 269 kilometer (167 mile) part between the U.S. border and the town of Cache Creek is called the "Okanagan Highway", named after the Okanagan region of British Columbia.

Blender (band)

Blender is a Swedish dansband. The band was founded in March 2002 by Lasse Lundberg. Soon, the band became a full-time dansband and since then has played all over Sweden.

In 2007 they won the Guldklaven award in the "Album of the Year" and they have also got several other awards.

In 2009 the single "Ingen ingenting" was qualified to Sveriges Radio P4's so called B rotation list, which guaranteed it a lot of airplay over the radio each week. On 12th of December 2009 the band participated with The Playtones, Titanix, Casanovas and Bhonus in the last of the qualification sets in Dansbandskampen, performing two songs: ("Dag efter dag" & "Hold Me Now". Then they also played in the final. but didn't win the contest.

In 2011 the band scored a success with the album "Ingen utan mig". It reached fourth position at Sverigetopplistan.






Bird sound

Bird sounds include bird songs, calls and any other noises they make for communication. Birds do a lot of communicating, mostly to other birds of the same species.

Bird songs are for other members of the same species. The functions are partnership, mating and territory ownership. According to one expert source, the primary function is as a keep-off signal to other males of the same species. Depending on the species, bird songs may differ for different functions. In general, bird songs are only used by Passeriformes, the songbirds. It is one of their typical adaptations.

Bird song may have evolved through sexual selection. Experiments suggest the quality of bird song may be a good indicator of fitness. Experiments also suggest that parasites and diseases may directly affect song characteristics such as song rate. This also acts as a reliable indicator of health. The song repertoire also appears to indicate fitness in some species. The ability of male birds to hold and advertise territories using song also demonstrates their fitness.

Although the capability is inherited, songbirds learn the detail of their "song" by copying. They are in trouble if they live in places where there are no older birds to copy. On the other hand, "calls" are usually inherited. Alarm calls, for example, have a critical survival function. and may well predate songs in evolution by a long way.

In general, males sing, and females choose mates. Both sexes use calls.

Many bird songs are so specific that they can be used for species identification. The calls of birds have been described using words or nonsense syllables or line diagrams.

Most birds are social animals, and some are always near others of the same species. They use calls which sound quite different to their usual songs. Alarm calls are usually short and loud, and very difficult to locate. They warn others of predators. Mobbing calls gather other birds to scare off intruders. Flocks of birds call to keep themselves together in flight.

Quite a few birds can mimic sounds they have heard. Parrots and drongos are famous for their mimicry. Common drongos in the Kalahari Desert use other birds' alarm calls to scare them off food. They get 23% of their food that way. 

Non-vocal sounds are done by some birds. Woodpeckers drum on hollow trees as a territory marker. Snipes make a sound called "winnowing" or "drumming" with their tail feathers when flying. Storks, which are almost voiceless, clatter their beaks.

The first person to record bird songs was Ludwig Karl Koch (18811974). He made the first known recording in 1937, and later became a BBC broadcaster and sound recordist.


Stephen Collins

Stephen Weaver Collins (born October 1, 1947) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Eric Camden on the television series "7th Heaven". 

Collins is also known for the roles of Captain Will Decker in "", and Dr. Dayton King on the ABC TV series "No Ordinary Family". He also had a supporting role in the TV series "Revolution" as Dr. Gene Porter.

In October 2014, the New York City Police Department began investigating Collins after the media got an audio recording. The recording had a male voice believed to be Collins. The person on the recording admitted to past sexual abuse of a child. In 1983, two girls stated that they were "touched" by Collins. 

The Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) said Collins had been investigated by the department in 2012. That investigation happened after LAPD received a claim from forty years earlier regarding sexual abuse. The LAPD said they were not able to prove that the claim was true.


Ray Wise

Raymond Herbert "Ray" Wise (born August 20, 1947) is an American actor. Some of his best-known roles are as Jack Taggart Sr. in "Jeepers Creepers 2", Leland Palmer in "Twin Peaks", henchman Leon C. Nash in "RoboCop", the Devil in the CW television series "Reaper", as Hal Gardner in season 5 of "24" and as James Gordon in "".


Gero Bisanz

Gero Bisanz (3 November 1935 - 17 October 2014) was a German football coach.

Bisanz played for 1. FC Köln and Viktoria Köln. From 1982 to 1996, he was the coach of the Germany women's national football team, in that time winning the UEFA Women's Championship three times, in 1989, 1991 and 1995.

He also was leading director of the German Football Association's coaches training facilities from 1971 to 2000, then being followed by Erich Rutemöller. He also coached 1. FC Köln (amateurs), Bayer Leverkusen, TuS Lindlar and Germany B.

Edwards Barham

Erle Edwards Barham (July 10, 1937 – October 17, 2014) was an American farmer and conservationist. He was the first Republican elected—by a 29-vote margin—to the Louisiana State Senate since the era of Reconstruction.

Barham represented the agricultural District 33 from 1976 to 1980. He was narrowly unseated in the 1979 nonpartisan blanket primary by the Democrat David "Bo" Ginn of Bastrop, who held the seat until 1988.

Barham died in a plane crash on October 17, 2014. He was attempting to take off at Rayville Municipal Airport when his Beechcraft Bonanza aircraft struck a perimeter fence.

Joanne Borgella

Joanne Borgella (May 29, 1982 – October 18, 2014) was an American singer-songwriter, jewelry designer and model. She was signed to Wilhelmina Models. She was the first winner of "Mo'Nique's Fat Chance" pageant as "Miss F.A.T." in 2005 and a top 24 contestant on the seventh season of "American Idol" in 2008. 

Borgella died on October 18, 2014, due to a rare form of endometrial cancer that had spread to her brain. She was 32 years old.

Paul Craft

Paul Craft (August 12, 1938 – October 18, 2014) was an American singer-songwriter. He was known as the songwriter for Mark Chesnutt's single "Brother Jukebox" and for "It's Me Again, Margaret".

Craft was born in Memphis, Tennessee.

His song "Keep Me From Blowing Away" was originally recorded by The Seldom Scene on their 1973 album Act II and was then recorded by Linda Ronstadt on her 1974 album "Heart Like a Wheel", and has since been recorded by Moe Bandy, T. Graham Brown, Jerry Lee Lewis and Willie Nelson. His song "Midnight Flyer" was recorded by the Eagles. His song "Dropkick Me, Jesus" was a number 17 country hit for Bobby Bare in 1976. 

Craft died at a hospital in Nashville, Tennessee on October 18, 2014 at the age of 76.


Replacement child

A replacement child is a child conceived by parents to replace an older dead sibling. He or she is usually of the same sex as the child they replaced. Often they are given the same name. The replacement child provides consolation to the parents for the loss of the earlier child. It is also frequently believed they are a reincarnation of the lost child. As a result a replacement child represents the hopes and dreams parents had for the dead child.

The replacement child or replacement child syndrome became popular in periods of high infant mortality. But it continues in modern times in some places. In some religions and cultures, it was bad luck to mention a dead child's name. Even among European royal families, a dead child was often referred to by his or her title and not their name. Among the replacement children of Holocaust the names of the dead were often not spoken of. The name was memorialized in the replacement child (because they were alive the name could be used). 

In early modern Europe the name given a child was supposed to make them like the person they were named for. In many cases the name given a child was an attempt to recreate the lost child (or ancestor). The grief the family felt over the dead child was made better by naming the child after the lost child. This shows a belief that dead spirits were present among the living. In Renaissance Italy the belief was a child was born into the identity given him or her by his family. The modern idea that a person creates their own fate did not exist in earlier times.

Philippe Airès's "L'Enfant et la vie familiale sous 'Ancien Regime" (The Child and Family Life in France before the Revolution), was published in 1960. He believed that before the 18th century the French had no real concept of children. They were seen as adults. They were often dressed like adults. Parents knew many of their children would not survive. For this reason they did not invest in them emotionally. 





In history it has long been a practice for an aristocratic wife to provide an "heir and a spare". That means an heir to continue the family line and a spare in case the heir died too young. In Royal families one spare was the minimum. When child mortality rates were high, more was considered even better to secure the throne. Queen Victoria had nine children. George III had thirteen. These children had different names, but the concept was and is the same. The difference between early heirs and spares and the modern practice is that today a female can inherit the throne. 


Bloom filter

A Bloom filter is a data structure that allows computers to see if a given element occurs in a set. Bloom filters use hash functions to do this. For each element that is added, a hash value is calculated. When a new element is added, its hash value is compared to that of the other elements in the set. A Bloom filter is a probabilistic data structure. It is possible to get a false positive, but not to get a false negative. In other words, a query returns either "possibly in set" or "definitely not in set". Elements can be added to the set, but not removed. For each added element, the probability of getting a false positive grows. 

Edward Bloom proposed the Bloom filter in 1970. In the article, Bloom supposes there is an algorithm to hyphenate words at the end of a line. According to the example, most words have simple hyphenation patterns. But about 10% of the words require time-consuming lookups to fetch the correct rule. His case was that of hyphenating about 500,000 words. He saw that using the "normal" error-free hashing techniques, storing the hyphenation patterns, would require a lot of memory. He found that using his technique, he could eliminate most lookups. For example, a hash area only 15% of the size needed by an ideal error-free hash still eliminates 85% of the disk accesses.

More generally, fewer than 10 bits per element are required for a 1% false positive probability, independent of the size or number of elements in the set.

Watson Lake, Yukon

Watson Lake, Yukon is a town in the Canadian province of Yukon. At the 2011 census, 802 people lived there. The town is on Yukon Highway 1, just north of the border with British Columbia.

Watson Lake is the center for the forestry industry in Yukon. It is also a service centre for the mining industry in the area.

Ace Bailey

Irvine Wallace "Ace" Bailey (July 3, 1903 – April 7, 1992) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played a career total of 7 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Toronto St. Patricks/Toronto Maple Leafs organization. In the beginning of his 8th season with the team, he had his career ended.

Before playing in the NHL, Bailey played 2 seasons of senior hockey with Peterborough. He was signed by the Toronto St. Patricks in November 1926. During his first season with the team, they changed their named to the Toronto Maple Leafs.

In the 1928–29 NHL season, Bailey became the league leading goal scorer, scoring 22 goals and 32 points in 44 games. He once again became the Maple Leafs' leading scorer in the 1929–30 season and he was one point short of repeating as leading scorer in the 1930–31 season. His offensive production declined in the 1931–32 season but he was still able to help Toronto win the Stanley Cup in 1932.

On December 13, 1933, during a game between the Maple Leafs and the Boston Bruins, Bailey was hit from behind by Eddie Shore of Bruins and hit his head on the ice, fracturing his skull. Bailey had severely injured head and it was feared that he would not survive. Bailey would eventually recover from his injury but he was never able to play hockey again. There was an all-star benefit game that was held at Maple Leaf Gardens on February 14, 1934, which raised $20,909.40 for both Bailey and his family. Bailey and Shore shook hands and embraced at centre ice before the start of the game. The NHL introduced the annual all-star game thirteen years later.


Blunt Force Trauma (album)

Blunt Force Trauma is the second studio album by Cavalera Conspiracy. The album was released on March 29, 2011.

Milan Hnilička

Milan Hnilička (born June 25, 1973) is a Czech retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He played a career total of 121 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the New York Rangers, Atlanta Thrashers, and Los Angeles Kings. He has also played in the Czech Extraliga for the HC Kladno, HC Sparta Praha, HC Bílí Tygři Liberec, and HC Slavia Praha and in the Russian Superleague with Salavat Yulaev Ufa.

Before playing professional hockey, Hnilička played 1 season with the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League (WHL), 9 games with the Salt Lake Golden Eagles of the International Hockey League (IHL), 43 games with the Richmond Renegades of the ECHL, and 15 games with the Denver Grizzlies of the IHL.

He was drafted 70th overall by the New York Islanders in the 1991 NHL Entry Draft. He didn't play a game with them and he signed with the New York Rangers as a free agent on July 15, 1999. He played 2 games with them before he was sent down to play with their AHL-affiliate, the Hartford Wolf Pack. During his time with the Wolf Pack, he won the Calder Cup and also won the Harry "Hap" Holmes Memorial Award for having the lowest goals against average. He shared to award with Jean-François Labbé.

After he became a free agent, he signed a contract with the Atlanta Thrashers. He played 3 seasons with the Thrashers and 15 games with the AHL-affiliate, the Chicago Wolves. On September 15, 2003, the Thrashers traded him to the Los Angeles Kings for future considerations. He played 20 games with the Kings' AHL-affiliate, the Manchester Monarchs and was called to play Kings. He missed most of the 2003-04 season because of a finger injury that he suffered in a game against the Phoenix Coyotes on December 31, 2003. He then left North America and signed a contract to play for HC Bílí Tygři Liberec of the Czech Extraliga on May 18, 2004. He played 3 seasons with them and played 9 games for Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Russian Superleague (RSL) before returning to HC Bílí Tygři Liberec.

He played 3 games with HC Slavia Praha before he announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey in August 2010.


Culgoa River

Culgoa River is a river in the South West Queensland district of Queensland and the Orana district of New South Wales, Australia.

The river is the western branch of the Balonne River in southern Queensland, near Dirranbandi. It flows southwest across parts of the Darling Riverine Plains. The river is joined by ten tributaries. It flows into the Darling River near Bourke, New South Wales.

Culgoa is an Aboriginal word meaning "running through" or "returning".


Bell River

Bell River may refer to:

Latin poetry

Latin poetry is the poetry of Ancient Rome. They started by adapting Greek models. The verse comedies of Plautus are the earliest surviving examples of Latin literature. They were probably composed around 205–184 BC. 

There was a play written by a Greek slave, Livius Andronicus, at Rome in 240 BC. Livius translated Greek comedy for Roman audiences. He used metres that were those of Greek drama, but modified to the needs of Latin. 

His successors, Plautus and Terence, continued this process. The traditional metre of Greek epic poetry, the dactylic hexameter, was introduced into Latin literature by Ennius (239–169 BC). Ennius provided a model for the later 'classical' poets such as Virgil and Ovid. Horace (who was a contemporary of Virgil) wrote verses in dactylic hexameter. They were in a conversational style, as if writing a letter. Virgil's hexameters are regarded as "the supreme metrical system of Latin literature".

Snowy Mountains

The Snowy Mountains, known informally as "The Snowies", is a region of southeastern Australia and the highest mountain range on the island. It contains the Australian mainland's highest mountain, Mount Kosciuszko, height . This is one the five highest peaks in the range, all of which are above . 

The Snowy Mountains are in southern New South Wales and are part of the larger Australian Alps and Great Dividing Range. Unusually for Australia, the mountain range have large natural snowfalls every winter. Snow normally falls the most in June, July and early August. Therefore, most of the snow usually melts by late spring. The Tasmanian highlands are the other (major) alpine region in Australia.

The range is host to the mountain plum-pine, a low-lying type of conifer. The region is one of the centres of the Australian ski industry during the winter months: all four snow resorts in New South Wales are in the region.

The Alpine Way and Snowy Mountains Highway are the major roads that go through the Snowy Mountains region.

Publishing agent

A publishing agent (or a literary agent) is an agent who represents writers and what they are writing. They represent these to publishers, film producers and film studios. They help in the sale of the writers' works. They get a percentage from the sales of these works. 

Division of O'Connor

The Division of O'Connor is an Australian electoral division in the state of Western Australia. It is one of Western Australia's three rural seats. It is named after C. Y. O'Connor, the Engineer-in-Chief of Western Australia who designed Fremantle Harbour and the Goldfields Pipeline. It was set up for the 1980 election. 

There were large changes to the area covered by O'Connor for the 2010 election. The northern half was added to the new seat of Durack. The boundary for the division moved to the east, including most of the south part of the former Division of Kalgoorlie. It now includes the cities of Albany and Kalgoorlie, and the regional towns of Bridgetown, Denmark, Esperance, Kojonup, Laverton, Leonora, Manjimup, Mount Barker, Ravensthorpe, Southern Cross, Wagin and Warburton.


Hardback

A hardback, hardcover, or hardbound book is one with stiff covers. 

The covers are of rigid cardboard. They are usually covered with cloth or heavy paper. A heavy cloth like buckram, or a leather is sometimes chosen. 

It should have a flexible, sewn spine which allows the book to lie flat on a surface when opened. Less good is a glued spine, because the glue gets worse with time. 

Hardback books may be printed on acid-free paper. They are much more durable than paperbacks. Paperbacks are often printed on cheap recycled paper, and have flexible, easily damaged paper covers. Hardback books are only slightly more costly to make, but are often much more expensive to buy. 

Hardbacks may have artistic dust jackets, or designs printed right on the board binding.

Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures

Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures also known in Japan as Pac-World, is a computer-animated television series produced by 41 Entertainment, Arad Productions, a partnership between Sprite Animation Studios and OLM, Inc., and Bandai Namco Entertainment for Tokyo MX (stereo version), BS11 (stereo version) and Disney XD (bilingual version). Based on Bandai Namco's Pac-Man video game franchise, it is the second animated series to be based upon the game franchise, following the 1982 TV series. The show aired from June 15, 2013, to May 25, 2015, running for two seasons and 52 episodes.

Various games and merchandise were produced based on the series, including two video games and several mobile apps.

On the planet Pac-World, Pac-Man and his friends Cylindria and Spiral help to protect Pacopolis from the threat of Ghosts


Dogg Food

Dogg Food is the first studio record by Tha Dogg Pound. Snoop Dogg was involved in the production. The record had controversial lyrics on it. The album had two big singles, "Let's Play House" and "New York, New York". The album sold over 2 million records.

The record was released on October 31, 1995. The original release date was moved because of controversy.

Byzantine architecture

Byzantine architecture is the architectural style of the Byzantine Empire. This is a term used by modern historians to mean the Eastern Roman Empire based in Constantinople. The empire lasted for more than a millennium. It left a lasting influence on Medieval architecture in Europe and the Near East. It also influenced the later Renaissance architecture and Ottoman architecture.

Early Byzantine architecture evolved from Early Christian architecture. The early Christian style typically was a basilica with three or five isles. Usually they had wooden roofs. Vaults and domes were rarely used. Byzantine architecture rarely used three isle or five isle basilicas. In this style domes were frequently used. The Semi-dome was also used, especially over an apse. It reached its highest form with the use of the pendentive. These are usually used to support a dome. The Byzantine pendentive is a geometric form using four triangular legs sitting on a square base. It developed during the 6th century reign of the Byzantine Emperor Justinian I. This is when Byzantine architecture became a distinctive style. Windowed domes were also a distinctive feature of this style. The intent was to make the dome look like a crown with jewels of light.

In the West, Byzantine architecture was replaced by Romanesque and Gothic architecture. In Asia it had an influence on early Islamic architecture. Later Ottoman architecture was also influenced by the Byzantine style.


List of Mario television series

Several television series were based on the "Mario" series of video games, started by Nintendo.


Thor Görans

Thor Görans was a dansband in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden. The band was established 1976, and disestablished following the final gig, which took place in Lycksele, Sweden on 8 April 2006.





Lynda Bellingham

Lynda Bellingham, OBE (born Meredith Lee Hughes; 31 May 194819 October 2014) was a Canadian-born English actress, broadcaster and author. She played the role of the mother in the long-running series of "Oxo Family" British TV adverts between 1983 and 1999. 

Bellingham died on 19 October 2014 from colon cancer in a London hospital, aged 66.


Gloria Casarez

Gloria Casarez (December 13, 1971 – October 19, 2014) was an American lesbian leader and activist. Casarez was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 
In 2008, she was appointed to a public sector position as Director of LGBT Affairs for the City of Philadelphia.

Casarez died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from cancer, aged 43.

John Holt (singer)

John Kenneth Holt (11 July 1945 – 19 October 2014) was a Jamaican reggae singer and songwriter. He first found fame as a member of the Paragons, before establishing himself as a solo artist.

Holt died on 19 October 2014 in a London hospital, aged 69.


Stephen Paulus

Stephen Paulus (August 24, 1949 – October 19, 2014) was an American composer. He was best known for his operas and choral music. His best-known piece is his 1982 opera "The Postman Always Rings Twice", one of several operas he composed for the Opera Theatre of St. Louis, which prompted "The New York Times" to call him "a young man on the road to big things". Paulus was born in Summit, New Jersey.

Paulus died in New York City, New York, aged 65.

Ox Baker

Douglas A. "Ox" Baker (April 19, 1934 – October 20, 2014) was an American professional wrestler and actor. He was famous for his finishing move, the Heart Punch, sometimes called the "Hurt Punch". He was also known for his famous catchphrase "I love to hurt people!" He has appeared in several movies including "Blood Circus" and "Escape from New York".

Baker died in Hartford, Connecticut on October 20, 2014, due to complications from a heart attack.

Étienne Mourrut

Étienne Mourrut (December 4, 1939 – October 19, 2014) was a French politician. He was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP). Mourrut was an MP for Gard's 2nd constituency. Mourrut was born in Le Grau-du-Roi, Gard, France.

Mourrut died in Paris, France, aged 74.

Family Guy (season 1)

The first season of the animated comedy show Family Guy aired on Fox from April 4 to May 16, 1999. The first season of "Family Guy" has seven episodes. The show is about the dysfunctional Griffin family. The family consist of father Peter, mother Lois, daughter Meg, son Chris, baby Stewie, and their anthropomorphic (having human abilities) dog Brian. They all live in their hometown of Quahog, Rhode Island. The show features the voices of the show's creator Seth MacFarlane. Other voice actors include Alex Borstein, Seth Green, and Lacey Chabert. The executive producers for the first season were David Zuckerman and MacFarlane.

The first episode with "Death Has a Shadow" and the ended with "Brian: Portrait of a Dog", received more positive feedback than the rest of the episodes of season one. Some critics did not like the theme of those episodes. The Volume One DVD box set, included all seven episodes and the second season. It was released in Region 1 on April 15, 2003, Region 2 on November 12, 2001, and Region 4 on October 20, 2003. The show has since been released in other television shows. 

MacFarlane first thought of the idea for "Family Guy" in 1995. He was studying animation at the Rhode Island School of Design (RISD). There, he created his thesis movie "The Life of Larry". His professor at RISD submitted the movie to Hanna-Barbera. This gave MacFarlane being hired by the company. Executives at Fox saw the movie. They contracted MacFarlane to create a show based on the characters. They called it "Family Guy". While working on the show, Larry and his dog Steve, became Peter and Brian. The rest of the show's characters were added later.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


Brian Spencer

Brian Roy "Spinner" Spencer (September 3, 1949 – June 3, 1988) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He played a career total of 10 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs, New York Islanders, Buffalo Sabres and Pittsburgh Penguins.

Spencer was drafted 55th overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1969 NHL Amateur Draft. On December 12, 1970, He was called up to play for the Leafs in what would be his first NHL game on television. Spencer phoned his father Roy in British Columbia to tell him to watch the game that night on Hockey Night in Canada. There was an interview with Spencer between periods of the game. However, in British Columbia, instead of the Toronto Maple Leafs/Chicago Black Hawks game being shown, CBC Television aired a game featuring the Vancouver Canucks versus the California Golden Seals instead. Roy was infuriated by this and drove 135 kilometres (84 mi) to Prince George, where the closest CBC Television station, CKPG-TV, is located. When he arrived there, he ordered station staff, at gunpoint, to broadcast the Maple Leafs/Black Hawks game instead. The station did put the game on, but as Roy left the station, he was confronted by the RCMP. After he had a short stand-off with the RCMP, Roy Spencer was shot and killed. He played 95 regular season games with the Maple Leafs and also spent time with their developmental team, the Tulsa Oilers.

On June 6, 1972, during the 1972 NHL Expansion Draft, Spencer was claimed by the New York Islanders from the Maple Leafs.

He would play 2 seasons with the Islanders before he was traded to the Buffalo Sabres in exchange for Doug Rombough on March 10, 1974. During his time with the Sabres, he had his best offensive production. He was able to record 12 goals and 29 assists in the 1974–75 season. He was a fan favourite in Buffalo, fans loved his hustle, aggressive play, and hitting ability.

On September 20, 1977, the Sabres traded Spencer to the Pittsburgh Penguins in exchange for Ron Schock. During his time with the Penguins, his offensive play declined drastically. His last seasons in the NHL came in 1978-79. He was sent down to the AHL to play for the Binghamton Dusters, Springfield Indians, and Hershey Bears and then he retired in 1980.

After Spencer retired from hockey, he struggled with a life of drugs and violence. In 1987, he was charged murder and kidnapping and he faced the death penalty. Former Sabres teammate Rick Martin testified as a character witness at the trial. In March 1988, a not guilty verdict was returned by the jury and Spencer vowed to change his life around.

Even though he was acquitted, his life still continued to spiral out of control and on June 3, 1988, Spencer was shot and killed at gunpoint in a robbery following a crack cocaine purchase in Riviera Beach, Florida. Two men were charged in his murder. Larry Willie Johnson was sentenced to 40 years in prison and Leon Daniels was sentenced to 18 years in prison.

He was survived by five children from two marriages, and his twin brother, Byron. A book about Spencer's life called "Gross Misconduct: The Life of Spinner Spencer", was written by Martin O'Malley. The book was later adapted into a made-for-television movie in Canada called Gross Misconduct by Atom Egoyan.

Oscar de la Renta

Óscar Arístides de la Renta Fiallo (July 22, 1932 – October 20, 2014) was a Dominican Republic fashion designer. He was born in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. De la Renta was trained by Cristóbal Balenciaga and Antonio del Castillo.

He became internationally known in the 1960s as one of the couturiers to dress Jacqueline Kennedy. An award-winning designer, he worked for Lanvin and Balmain. De la Renta is moslty known for his red carpet gowns and evening wear.

De la Renta died from cancer on October 20, 2014 at his home in Kent, Connecticut at the age of 82.

Sean Pertwee

Sean Pertwee (born 4 June 1964) is an English actor. He is the son of actor Jon Pertwee. In 2014, Pertwee was casted as Alfred Pennyworth in the TV series "Gotham".

Pertwee was born in London, England.

Efua Dorkenoo

Efua Dorkenoo, OBE (6 September 1949 – October 2014) was a Ghanaian campaigner against female genital mutilation (FGM). She was Programme Director of '' and Senior FGM Advisor for Equality Now, an international human rights organisation. 

She was one of the founders in 1983 of the Foundation for Women's Health, Research and Development (FORWARD). It is a British charity that supports women who have experienced FGM. Dorkenoo is the author of "Cutting the Rose: Female Genital Mutilation" (1996). 

Dorkenoo died of cancer at the age of 65 in London.


René Burri

René Burri (9 April 1933 – 20 October 2014) was a Swiss photographer. He was known for his photos of major political, historical and cultural events and key figures of the second half of the 20th century. 

Burri worked for Magnum Photos. He has been photographing political, military and artistic figures and scenes since 1946. He made portraits of Che Guevara and Pablo Picasso as well as iconic pictures of São Paulo and Brasília.

Burri died from a long illness at his home in Zurich, aged 81.


The Black Keys

The Black Keys is a musical group from Akron, Ohio, United States. The members of the group are Dan Auerbach (vocals and guitar) and Patrick Carney (drums). The genres which they play are indie rock, garage rock and blues rock. The band was formed in 2001. They have 8 albums: "The Big Come Up" (2002), "Thickfreakness" (2003), "Rubber Factory" (2004), "Magic Potion" (2006), "Attack & Release" (2008), "Brothers" (2010), "El Camino" (2011) and "Turn Blue" (2014).

Auerbach and Carney were friends when they were children. When they finished college they started the band. Their labels are Alive, Fat Possum, Nonesuch and V2.



Hedenäset

Hedenäset is a locality in Övertorneå Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden. In 2010, 270 people lived there.

Semi-dome

A semi-dome(also called a "half-dome") is the term in architecture for half a dome. It is used to cover a semi-circular area, usually an apse. A semi-dome was often used at each end of a barrel vaulted ceiling. 

An early use was to cover Roman cult images. They are a feature found in Ancient Roman and traditional church architecture. The semi-dome is featured in Byzantine architecture and Early Christian architecture. They are prominent in mosques and iwans in Islamic architecture. Some mosques featured semi-domes decorated with glass mosaics. In the second half of the 6th century Ottoman architecture began using half-domes combined with domes. Semi-domes were common in Roman baths, palaces and large buildings. During the Dark Ages in Britain whenever an apse was built, a semi-dome covered it. In 11th century Normandy every apse of every church had a semi-dome over it. The semi-dome went out of use when the east end of churches were squared.

Thomas Thomas (boxer)

Thomas "Tom" Thomas (8 April 1880 – 13 August 1911), was a Welsh boxer. He was the first British middleweight boxing champion. He won the Lonsdale belt in 1909. Thomas died of pneumonia in 1911 at age 31.

Gran Turismo 3: A-Spec

The game got very good reviews, with a 95/100 on Metacritic. IGN also gave it a 9.8/10.

DK King of Swing

DK: King of Swing, known as in Japan, is a puzzle video game in the "Donkey Kong" series. It was released for the Game Boy Advance in 2005. The game got good reviews, including a 71/100 from Metacritic, and 73/100 from GameSpot. A sequel, titled "DK: Jungle Climber", was released for the Nintendo DS in 2007.

Ilford railway station

Ilford railway station serves the town of Ilford in the London Borough of Redbridge in London. The station has five platforms. Platforms 3, 4 and 5 are normally used. Platforms 1 and 2 are only used during engineering work and line disruption. Ilford is currently served by TfL Rail services between Liverpool Street railway station and Shenfield, with limited services only operating between Stratford/Ilford-Shenfield. The station is located on the Great Eastern main line. Crossrail services will replace the current Liverpool Street-Shenfield stopping metro service in 2018.

Robert Tiernan

Robert Owens Tiernan (February 24, 1929 – October 15, 2014) is an American lawyer and politician. He was from Rhode Island. He served in the Rhode Island State Senate. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives. Tiernan was born in Providence, Rhode Island.

Tiernan died in South Kingstown, Rhode Island on October 15, 2014, aged 85.

Christophe de Margerie

Christophe de Margerie (6 August 1951 – 20 October 2014) was a French businessman. He was the CEO of oil company Total S.A.. de Margerie was born in Mareuil-sur-Lay, France.

De Margerie died in an airplane crash in Moscow on 20 October, 2014, aged 63.

Seth Gaaikema

Seth Regner Gaaikema (11 July 1939 – 21 October 2014) was a Dutch cabaret artist, writer, and lyricist. He translated many plays into Dutch. They include "My Fair Lady" (his first, 1959), "Kiss Me Kate", "Oliver!", "Les Misérables", and "The Phantom of The Opera". Gaaikema was born in Uithuizen, Groningen, The Netherlands.

Gaaikema died in Schijndel, North Brabant from heart failure, aged 75.

Mohammad-Reza Mahdavi Kani

Mohammad Reza Mahdavi Kani (, 8 April 1931 — 21 October 2014) was an Iranian cleric, writer and conservative politician. He was the acting Prime Minister of Iran from 2 September until 29 October 1981.

Kani died at the age of 83 in Tehran, Iran from heart failure, aged 83.

Ellsworth Bunker

Ellsworth F. Bunker (May 11, 1894 – September 27, 1984) was an American businessman and diplomat. He was the ambassador to Argentina, Italy, India, Nepal and South Vietnam). He was an important figure in the war in Vietnam and Southeast Asia during the 1960s and 1970s.

Chita Rivera

Dolores Conchita Figueroa del Rivero Anderson (January 23, 1933 – January 30, 2024), better known as Chita Rivera, was an American actress, dancer, and singer, who was best known for her roles in musical theater. She was the first Hispanic woman and first Latino American to receive a Kennedy Center Honors award (December 2002). She was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009. Following a brief illness, she died in New York on January 30, 2024, one week after her 91st birthday.


Naucalpan de Juárez

Naucalpan, officially Naucalpan de Juárez, is a city and municipality in the Mexican state of Mexico. The name Naucalpan comes from Nahuatl language. It means “place of the four neighborhoods or four houses". It is just northwest of Mexico City.

Brothers of the Road

Brothers of the Road is the ninth studio album by The Allman Brothers Band. The album was released on August 1981. It was the second and last studio album with label Arista Records.

Doug Zmolek

Douglas Allan Zmolek (born November 3, 1970) is an American retired professional ice hockey defenseman. He played a career total of 8 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the San Jose Sharks, Dallas Stars, Los Angeles Kings and the Chicago Blackhawks.

Before playing professional hockey, Zmolek played 3 years of college hockey with the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers. While he was there, he was named to the WCHA Second All-Star Team and the NCAA Second All-American Team in his junior and final year in 1992.

He was drafted 7th overall by the Minnesota North Stars in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft. On May 30, 1991, the San Jose Sharks claimed Zmolek from Minnesota in the dispersal draft. Zmolek played 2 seasons with the Sharks before he was traded along with Mike Lalor to the Dallas Stars in exchange for Ulf Dahlén and Dallas' 7th round choice in 1995 NHL Entry Draft. He spent parts of two seasons with the Stars.

The Stars traded Zmolek along with Shane Churla to the Los Angeles Kings for Darryl Sydor and Los Angeles' 5th round choice (Ryan Christie) in 1996 NHL Entry Draft on February 17, 1996. He would play parts of 2 seasons with the Kings before he was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks for Chicago's 3rd round choice (František Kaberle) in 1999 NHL Entry Draft. He played 2 seasons with the Blackhawks.

On December 28, 2000, when he became a free agent, Zmolek signed a contract to play for the Chicago Wolves of the International Hockey League (IHL). After only playing 2 games with the Wolves, his contract was bought out and he retired in 2000.

After he retired, Zmolek became an advisor and member of the board to the Rochester Youth Hockey Association (RYHA). He also runs an off-season hockey camp called "Top Shelf," in his home city of Rochester, Minnesota.

Blair Atcheynum

Blair Michael Atcheynum (born April 20, 1969) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played a career total of 196 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Ottawa Senators, Nashville Predators, St. Louis Blues and the Chicago Blackhawks. He is of Cree First Nation descent.

Before playing in the NHL, Atcheynum played for the Battlefords North Stars of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League (SJHL) and with the Saskatoon Blades, Swift Current Broncos, and Moose Jaw Warriors of the Western Hockey League (WHL).

He was drafted 52nd overall by the Hartford Whalers in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft. However, he never played a game for the Whalers and he was claimed by the new Ottawa Senators in the 1992 NHL Expansion Draft. Atcheynum spent most of his professional hockey career playing for the minor leagues. He made his NHL debut with the Senators in the 1992–93 season and played 3 games with them. He spent most of that season playing for the Senators' AHL-affiliate, the New Haven Senators.

On September 15, 1997, Atcheynum became a free agent and signed a contract with the St. Louis Blues. When he was with St. Louis, he mainly played on a line referred to as the "CPA Line" along with Craig Conroy and Scott Pellerin.

He played 1 season with the Blues and he was claimed by the newly formed Nashville Predators in the 1998 NHL Expansion Draft. He would play 53 games with the Predators before he was traded back to the St. Louis Blues for St. Louis' 6th round choice (Zbynek Irgl) in 2000 NHL Entry Draft on March 23, 1999.

On September 30, 1999, he became a free agent and he signed a contract with the Chicago Blackhawks. He played 66 games for the Blackhawks between 1999 and 2001. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2001.

On August 19, 2011, Atcheynum was inducted into the Moose Jaw Warriors and Legends Hall of Fame.

He is currently an assistant coach with the Battlefords North Stars of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League.


Allen Lanier

Allen Glover Lanier (June 25, 1946 – August 14, 2013) was an original member of Blue Öyster Cult. He played keyboards and rhythm guitar. Lanier wrote several songs for Blue Öyster Cult albums. These included "True Confessions", "Tenderloin", "Searchin' for Celine", "In Thee", and "Lonely Teardrops". He also contributed to music by Patti Smith, Jim Carroll, The Dictators and The Clash. He dated Patti Smith for several years during the 1970s. When Lanier started in 1967, the group was known as Soft White Underbelly. He left the group and was replaced in 1986 by Tommy Zvoncheck. He returned in 1987. He retired from performing with them after the autumn of 2006. On August 14, 2013 he died of complications from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).

Aspergillus flavus

Aspergillus flavus is a potentially dangerous pathogen. It is a fungus with a very widespread distribution. It grows in soils as a saprophyte. It also grows on cereal grains, legumes, and tree nuts.

In addition to causing pre-harvest and post-harvest infections, many strains produce toxic compounds known as mycotoxins. If eaten, they are toxic to mammals. The toxin produced by this species is called 'aflotoxin'.

"A. flavus" is a human and animal pathogen. In mammals, the pathogen can cause liver cancer if contaminated food is eaten. It also causes aspergillosis (invasive growth) in people whose immune system is damaged.

In 1960 on an English farm, about 100,000 turkeys died. The cause of death was the primary food source, peanut meal. It was infected with "A. flavus". The culture was isolated, grown in pure culture, and a subset of healthy turkeys was infected. The pure culture isolate causes death in the healthy turkeys. There were four toxic chemicals (aflatoxins).

Turkey autopsies showed aflatoxins targeted the liver and either completely killed the tissue cells or induced tumor formation. New standards for the production of food for human consumption were developed, which led to increases in cost.

To keep grains and legumes remain free of "A. flavus" infection, some things must be done before, during, and after harvest. Moisture levels should be kept below 11.5%. Temperature in storage units should be kept as low as possible: the pathogen cannot grow below 5°C. The low temperature slows respiration and reduces moisture.

Fumigation reduces insects and mites, otherwise they help the spread of the pathogen. Removing old, unripe, damaged and broken seeds, and cleanliness also keeps down the spread of the pathogen.

To protect tree nuts and corn plants that are affected by "A. flavus" treating the plants with the yeast "Pichia anomala" reduces the growth of "A. flavus". Treating pistachio trees with "P. anomala" inhibited the growth of "A. flavus" up to 97% when compared to untreated trees. The yeast successfully competes with "A. flavus" for space and nutrients, ultimately limiting the growth of "A. flavus".
The good news is that there is a non-harmful strain which outcompetes the pathogenic strains.

"Aspergillus flavus" strain AF36 is not carcinogenic and is toxin-free. It is used as an active ingredient in pesticides. AF36 is a fungal antagonist and is applied as a commercial biocontrol to cotton and corn to reduce aflatoxin exposure. AF36 is grown on sterile seeds which serve as the carrier and a source of nutrients. After application and colonization, AF36 growing seeds will out-compete aflatoxin-producing strains of "A. flavus". Non-aflatoxin spore dispersal is aided by wind and insects.


Ljungaverk

Ljungaverk is a locality in Ånge Municipality, Västernorrland County, Sweden. In 2010, 885 people lived there.

Salus populi suprema lex esto

Salus populi suprema lex esto (Latin "The safety of the people should be the supreme law," or "The welfare of the people shall be the supreme law") is found in Cicero's "De Legibus" (book III, part III, sub. VIII). It is the state motto of Missouri. It is part of its state seal. Also cited in a 1764 essay by James Otis (1725-1783) Rights of the British Colonies Asserted and Proved 

It is the motto of:

List of bridges in Spain

List of bridges in Spain.


Bridges bigger than 100m.




List of lighthouses in Spain

This is a list of lighthouses in Spain.

Alan Hodgkin

Sir Alan Hodgkin, OM, KBE, PRS (Alan Lloyd Hodgkin, 5 February 1914 – 20 December 1998) was an English physiologist and biophysicist. He shared the 1963 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Andrew Huxley and John Eccles.

Alan Hodgkin, Andrew Huxley, and John Eccles (for his research on synapses) were jointly awarded the 1963 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for their discoveries concerning the ionic mechanisms involved in excitation and inhibition in the peripheral and central portions of the nerve cell membrane". In addition Hodgkin and Huxley's findings led them to suggest the existence of ion channels in cell membranes, which was confirmed decades later.

Hodgkin was knighted (KBE) in 1972 and appointed to the Order of Merit in 1973. From 1970 to 1975 he was President of the Royal Society.

Mario Super Sluggers

Mario Super Sluggers, known in Japan as , is a Mario sports game for the Wii. It was a sequel to Mario Superstar Baseball. It released in Japan and North America, but was never released in Europe and Australia Due To The Limited Release Of the game.

The game got average to good reviews. The game got a 69/100 from Metacritic, and a 7.4/10 from IGN. 

Mario &amp; Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games

Mario & Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games is a sports game for the Nintendo Wii U. It is the fourth Mario & Sonic crossover game. It is the official video game of the 2014 Olympic Winter Games, which took place in Sochi. It is the first game in the series that was not released on a handheld console as well.

The game got very average reviews. It got a 55/100 on Metacritic. IGN's Scott Thompson said "[The game] has some good ideas but it's weighed down by bad motion controls". Metro gave it a 3/10, saying it was too similar to the other games in the series. 

2014 shootings at Parliament Hill, Ottawa

The 2014 shootings at Parliament Hill, Ottawa were shootings that took place on October 22, 2014 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. A gunman shot and killed a Canadian Army soldier, Nathan Cirillo, who was on ceremonial guard duty just outside the Canadian National War Memorial. Prime Minister Stephen Harper called the shootings a "terrorist attack."

Earlier, witnesses saw a man dressed in blue jeans and a black jacket with a head scarf arrive at the National War Memorial in a car, carrying a double-barreled shotgun. The man fired two shots and fatally wounded Corporal Nathan Cirillo, a Canadian Army reservist soldier, who was standing guard at the Memorial. After the gunman shot Cirillo, he carjacked a vehicle and drove 600 meters to Parliament Hill. Cirillo was later rushed to the hospital where he was reported dead.

The gunman entered the Canadian Parliament buildings through the Centre Block just under the Peace Tower and shot a security guard in the leg. There were then around 20 and 30 gunshots exchanged between the gunman and security. The gunman ran down the Hall of Honor to the entrance of the Library, which is beside the office of Kevin Vickers, the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Canadian House of Commons. Vickers grabbed his handgun and went into the hall. He dropped to the ground and shot three times. The gunman was engaged by six officers. One of the shots fired by Constable Curtis Barrett hit the gunman in the head and killed him. 

Prime Minister Stephen Harper and New Democratic Party Leader Thomas Mulcair were both holding caucus meetings in rooms that were on both sides of the shooter's path. The Prime Minister and some of the MPs were escorted out of the building while some of the others had barricaded themselves behind doors.

The gunman was later identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, a 32-year-old Canadian man, who had a criminal record and had recently converted to Islam. His passport had been seized by the Canadian government because he had been labeled as a 'high-risk traveller'.

Garland, Texas

Garland is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is near the Ray Hubbard lake. It is also near the town of Richardson.

John-Roger Hinkins

John-Roger Hinkins (born Roger Delano Hinkins) (September 24, 1934 – October 22, 2014) was an American author and public speaker. He was the founder of the Movement of Spiritual Inner Awareness (MSIA), as well as several other New Age, spiritual, and self-help organizations.

Hinkins died in Los Angeles, California, aged 80.

Contras

The contras is the name given to the rebel groups that were active from 1979 through to the early 1990s. They were against the Sandinista Junta of National Reconstruction government in Nicaragua. Among the separate contra groups, the Nicaraguan Democratic Force (FDN) emerged as the largest by far. In 1987, virtually all contra organizations were united, at least nominally, into the Nicaraguan Resistance.

From an early stage, the rebels received financial and military support from the U.S. government. President Ronald Reagan supported the group. After the U.S. support was banned by Congress, the Reagan administration secretly gave them money from profit they gained after selling weapons to Iran. These secret activities soon became known as the Iran–Contra affair.



Daniel Ortega

José Daniel Ortega Saavedra (; born November 11, 1945) is a Nicaraguan politician. He has been President of Nicaragua since 2007. He also served as President of Nicaragua from 1979 to 1990.

In November 2021, Daniel Ortega, was re-elected for a fourth five-year term with 75% of the vote, according to the first partial official results released by the Supreme Electoral Council.


Juan Bautista Sacasa

Juan Bautista Sacasa Sacasa (21 December 1874 - 17 April 1946) was the President of Nicaragua from 1 January 1933 to 9 June 1936. He was the eldest son of Roberto Sacasa, 44th and 46th President of Nicaragua, and wife and cousin Ángela Sacasa Cuadra. He was a relative of Benjamín Sacasa, 67th President of Nicaragua.

Fernando Agüero

Fernando Bernabé Agüero Rocha (June 11, 1920 – September 28, 2011) was a Nicaraguan politician. He was the founder (1988) and leader of the Social Conservative Party. 

In 1967 Agüero was chosen to represent the conservative 1966 National Opposition Union (UNO) in the presidential election against the Somoza regime. His campaign was marked by the bloody repression of one of his political rallies in Managua. In 1971 however, Agüero signed the controversial Kupia Kumi pact with Anastasio Somoza Debayle. He was born in Managua, Nicaragua.

Agüero died in Managua, Nicaragua from pneumonia, aged 91.

Claribel Alegría

Clara Isabel Alegría Vides (May 12, 1924 – January 25, 2018) was a Nicaraguan poet, essayist, novelist, and journalist. She was a major voice in the literature of contemporary Central America. She wrote under the pseudonym Claribel Alegría. She was awarded the 2006 Neustadt International Prize for Literature. Her first book, "Anillo de Silencio" ("Ring of Silence") was published in 1948. She retired in 2003.

Alegría later lived in Managua, Nicaragua. She died on 25 January 2018, aged 93.

Big Dreams &amp; High Hopes

Big Dreams & High Hopes is the eighth studio album by Jack Ingram. The album was released on August 25, 2009. It was his first new material in 2 years. It was produced by Big Machine Records. It debuted at #21 on Billboard's Top Country Albums Chart.

Allmusic reviewer Thom Jurek gave the album three-and-a-half stars out of five. He wrote ""Big Dreams & High Hopes" is the sound of contemporary country music and all of its tropes." He also said that most of the songs were well-written but not distinctive.

List of castles in Spain

This is a list of castles in Spain. Today there are about 2500 castles in Spain. These castles were built for defence. 






























 
























From Paris with Love

From Paris with Love is a 2010 French action thriller movie. The movie is about an operative from the CIA who lives in Paris with his girlfriend. John Travolta plays Charlie Wax. Jonathan Rhys Meyers plays James Reese.

The reviews on the movie were mixed. This movie was released on February 5, 2010.

The Fall of Rome

The Fall of Rome is the only studio album by Winter Solstice. The album was released on March 8, 2005.


Sally Menke

Sally Menke (December 17, 1953 – September 27, 2010) was an American movie and television editor. She was editor for all Quentin Tarantino movies before her death. She also edited documentaries for CBS. 

She was born in Mineola, New York. She died from heat stress in Los Angeles, California.

Mario Party Advance

Trumpeter swan

The trumpeter swan ("Cygnus buccinator") is the largest species of swan. It is found in North America.

Ghulam Azam

Ghulam Azam (; 7 November 1922 – 23 October 2014) was the Ameer of Jamaat-e-Islami Bangladesh until 2000. Azam hated the idea of independence of Bangladesh during the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation War. Azam was convicted for war crimes in July 2013.

Azam died in Dhaka, Bangladesh from a stroke, aged 91.

John Bramlett

John "the Bull" Bramlett (July 7, 1941 – October 23, 2014) was an American football linebacker. He played from 1965 to 1971 on four teams. They were the Denver Broncos, the Miami Dolphins and the Boston Patriots in the American Football League and the Patriots and the Atlanta Falcons in the National Football League . 

He was a two time AFL All-Star. Bramlett served as a minister before his death. Bramlett was born in Memphis, Tennessee.

Bramlett died on October 23, 2014, in Memphis, Tennessee, according to the Shelby County Mayor's Office, aged 73.


Alvin Stardust

Bernard William Jewry (27 September 1942 – 23 October 2014), known as Alvin Stardust, was an English pop singer and stage actor. He first performed as Shane Fenton. He was best known for singles released in the 1970s and 1980s, including "My Coo Ca Choo", the UK Singles Chart-topper "Jealous Mind", and "I Feel Like Buddy Holly".

Stardust was born in Muswell Hill, London. He was raised in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire. He died in Ifold, West Sussex, England from prostate cancer, aged 72.

Göran Johansson

Bengt Göran Lennart Johansson (31 August 1945 – 23 October 2014) was a Swedish politician. He was a member of the Swedish Social Democratic Party.

He was for many years, he served as the chairman (commissioner) of the Gothenburg Municipality Executive Board. With a working class background, he was a union leader at his workplace at SKF and later became the Social Democratic Party's "strong man" in Gothenburg. 

Johansson served as Mayor of Gothenberg from 1988 through 1991.

He was one of the best known politicians in Sweden. H has been voted as one of the most popular politicians. But he has also been criticized for an undemocratic leadership which has made several – especially female – politicians leave their assignments within the Social Democratic Party.

Johansson suffered from systemic lupus erythematosus, which caused his face to look swollen and red. He was nominated for the 2008 World Mayor award.

Johansson died on 23 October 2014 in Gothenburg Municipality at the age of 69.


Millas Mirakel

Millas Mirakel was a pop group in the town of Halmstad, Sweden. The group scored chart successes in Sweden during the late 1980s. One of their more famous songs were "Rytmen av ett regn".



Miio

Miio is a teen pop group from Sweden. The group was established by the Tetrapop producer in 2003. The group scored chart successes in Sweden between 2003-2005.

The group originally consited of the girls Josefine Wahlsten and Linnéa Roxeheim In 2004 Linnéa left the group, and was replaced by 19 years old Mia. Mia appread on the group's second album.



Immanuel Nobel

Immanuel Nobel (24 March 1801 – 3 September 1872), the younger, was a Swedish engineer and inventor. He was the inventor of the rotary lathe used in plywood manufacturing. He was the father of Robert Nobel, Ludvig Nobel and Alfred Nobel. He also often experimented with nitroglycerin with his sons.

Nobel moved to Russia from Sweden in 1838. This was to sell his inventions in St. Petersburg. He lived there for two decades with his family. Immanuel founded a successful war supplies factory. The end of the Crimean War in 1856 brought about a shift in Russian policies. Tsar Alexander II ordered a severe cut in the military budget. Immanuel's company lost money. In 1859, Immanuel returned to Sweden. He left his factory to his son Ludvig. In 1862 Immanuel's firm was finally sold by his creditors.

Emoji

In November 2016, a conference about emoji was held in San Francisco, California. 

The 2017 animated film The Emoji Movie is about emojis in a phone who live and act like people.


Foundation (engineering)

A foundation is the lowest part of a building. A building needs a strong foundation if it is to stand for a long time. A heavier building or softer soil needs a deeper foundation.

To make a foundation, engineers dig a trench in the ground. They dig until they reach solid ground. When the trench is deep enough, it is filled it with strong, hard material. Sometimes concrete is used. Concrete can be made stronger by putting long thin round pieces of steel into the trench. When the concrete dries, the steel ties the foundation together. We call this reinforced concrete. Once the foundation has been packed down tightly, or dried hard, construction can start.

Foundation (nonprofit)

A foundation is a kind of company set up to carry out charity or research work. A foundation is usually endowed, which means it is given a large sum of money to do its work. Examples of foundations include the Rockefeller Foundation and the Wikimedia Foundation. The Rockefeller family made their money from banking and oil and their family foundation is endowed with a very great sum of money. The people running the foundation think of ways to use the money to help charities, the arts, or whatever they like.

Another example is the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Bill Gates made a fortune from Microsoft. He and his wife now spend nearly all their time giving away the money he has made. They give it to projects like education in the United States and treating AIDS in Third World countries.

Roman Josi

Roman Josi (born June 1, 1990) is a Swiss ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Josi played 106 games with the SC Bern of the National League A (NLA). He also played 3 games with HC Neuchâtel of the National League B (NLB).

He was drafted with the 38th overall pick by the Nashville Predators in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft. On May 28, 2010, the Predators signed Josi to a three-year entry-level contract. On November 26, 2011, Josi made his NHL debut in a 4-1 loss against the Detroit Red Wings. On December 10, 2011, he scored his first NHL goal against Dan Ellis of the Anaheim Ducks.

Habit (biology)

Habit in biology is about the shape or behaviour of animals and plants.

The way plants grow makes their shape of habit. This is the way we can tell trees apart even at a distance. The shape of a willow tree or a poplar is very distinct. It is made during growth. Bacteria and fungi also have very distinct types of growth.

Trees are also examples of a life style when compared to shrubs and annual plants. To be a tree is to occupy a different space in the ecosystem from shrubs or climbers.

In zoology, "habit" often refers to a specific behaviour of a species. For example:

The 'mode of life' (or 'lifestyle') is sometimes referred to as the 'habit of an animal. Terms like motile or sessile, sedentary, free-living, parasitic, saprophyte, terrestrial, arboreal, aquatic, pelagic, diurnal, nocturnal, are all modes of life or habits.

Jonas Hiller

Jonas Hiller (born February 12, 1982) is a Swiss former professional ice hockey goaltender. He played parts of nine seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Anaheim Ducks and Calgary Flames. Outside of the NHL, Hiller played for HC Davos, HC Lausanne, and EHC Biel of the National League A (NLA). He would also play for HC La Chaux-de-Fonds of the Swiss League.

Before playing in the NHL, Hiller played 13 games for HC Lausanne and 3 seasons for HC Davos of the National League A (NLA). Hiller also won Switzerland's championship in 2002, 2005 and 2007, as well as the Spengler Cup in 2004 and 2006 with HC Davos. He was not drafted but he signed a contract with the Anaheim Ducks on May 25, 2007.
On September 30, 2007, Hiller made his NHL debut for the Anaheim Ducks defeating the Los Angeles Kings 4–1 in London, England. In his first season with the Ducks, Hiller recorded a 2.06 goals against average (GAA) and .926 save percentage in 23 games. On November 16, 2008, Hiller earned his first NHL shutout when the Ducks defeated the Los Angeles Kings 2–0.

Hiller was named as the Ducks starting goaltender for the 2009 NHL Playoffs. On April 16, 2009, he started in his first playoff and he recorded a shutout against the San Jose Sharks with 35 saves. The Ducks were able to eliminate the Sharks in six games but they were defeated by the Detroit Red Wings in seven games in the next round. On January 30, 2010, he signed a four-year extension with the Ducks going throughout the 2013–14 NHL season. In the 2012-13 NHL Season, Hiller was able to help the Ducks place 2nd overall in the Western Conference. In the 2013 Stanley Cup Playoffs, the Ducks were eliminated in the first round in a seven game series against the Detroit Red Wings for the second time in five years.

On July 1, 2014, Hiller decided to sign a two-year, $4.5 million per year contract as a free agent with the Calgary Flames.

On 16 March 2020, Hiller announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey.


Huskvarna Södra IS

Huskvarna Södra IS was established in 1930 and is a sports club in Huskvarna, Sweden. The club won the Swedish women's table tennis team championship in 1970 and 1972. The association football team played their home games at Hjärttorpsvallen near Tenhultsvägen. In 1987 the men's association football team merged with Husqvarna IF, leading to the establishment of Husqvarna FF.

The early 1970s saw the dawn of the club scoring women's association football successes., The team playing in the Swedish top division in 1978 and 1979.


Habo IF

Habo IF is a sports club in Habo in Sweden. The club was established on 26 April 1926. It now only plays association football. The men's bandy team played in the Swedish second division and played the qualifying rounds for the Swedish top division three times during the 1940s. In 1944, the bandy team lost 3-6 against IFK Nässjö in the qualifying rounds. The bandy section was disestablished in 1998. The club has also competed in Athletics, handball, table tennis, cycling, racewalking, Nordic skiing, orienteering and gymnastics. It is the mother club of Erik Edman.


Habo Wolley

Habo Wolley is a volleyball club in Habo in Sweden. The club started in 1987. The men's team qualified for the Swedish top division, Elitserien, in 1998.


Apalachee

The Apalachee were a Native American people who historically lived in the Florida Panhandle. 

The Apalachee occupied the site of Velda Mound starting about 1450 CE. They had left the area before the Spanish came in the 17th century. They first saw Spanish explorers in the 16th century. This is when the Hernando de Soto expedition arrived. They lived between the Aucilla River and Ochlockonee River, at the head of Apalachee Bay. This was an area known to Europeans as the Apalachee Province. 

The Spaniards had created Catholic missions throughout their province by the early 1600s. The Apalachee were farmers and noted warriors. By 1655 there were eight towns, each with a mission. In addition to the Spanish, each town had an Apalachee population of between 6,000–8000. The British with their Creek allies often raided the Apalachee and Spanish towns. In 1703 a British army and hundreds of Creek warriors attacked the territory. The Apalachee were nearly destroyed. The survivors, who numbered about 1400, dispersed. Over time many Apalachee mixed in with other groups, particularly the Creek Confederacy. Others found protection with the French in what is now Alabama and Louisanna. About 300 descendants in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, claim an Apalachee identity today.

The Apalachee spoke a Muskogean language called Apalachee. The language is now extinct.


Sylvain Viau

Sylvain Viau is a Canadian producer, executive producer, founder and head of Image Entertainment Corporation. His title is Chief Executive Officer and President. He is the co-creator of the Walter and Tandoori cartoon series. Viau lives in Montreal, Quebec.
Sylvain Viau has been the producer and executive producer of the Walter and Tandoori series. This includes the Walter & Tandoori's Christmas. His company has done a variety of co-production with Marathon Media in Paris. Viau is the executive producer of Totally Spies!, The Amazing Spiez!, Monster Buster Club, Team Galaxy and Martin Mystery. He served as a producer with Vincent Chalvon-Demersay and David Michel on The Amazing Spiez! and Monster Buster Club co-production Marathon and IEC television series. He was a co-producer on Totally Spies! co-production Marathon and IEC television series. In the Walter and Tandoori series he was a producer and executive producer. In the Walter's Christmas film he was a director and producer.

Caltrop

Caltrops are spiked weapons used against men and horses since at least as early as Roman times. Later versions were designed to deflate automobile tires. They are a type of anti-personnel weapon, and anti-vehicular weapon. Japanese samurai used a similar weapon, the makibishi.

Iron caltrops were used as early as 331 BC at Gaugamela. They were known to the Romans as "tribulus", meaning 'jagged iron'. They were used in the Battle of Carrhae in 51 BC.

The Roman writer Vegetius, discussed scythed chariots in his "De Re Militari":

In more modern times, they were used by both the Allies and Axis during World War II to puncture the tires of wheeled vehicles. Improvised caltrops, usually made of welded nails, have also been used occasionally by labor activists in the United States during strikes to destroy the tires of vehicles belonging to management and replacement workers. In the labor context, these devices are more often called jack rocks. A recent example of the use of jack rocks in labor disputes was in 2012, allegedly by two men on a picket line at an aluminum products plant in West Virginia.

Mario Golf (video game)

Himno de Riego

"El Himno de Riego" is the anthem of the second Spanish Republic. It was named for of Colonel Rafael Del Riego. It was composed by José Melchor Gomis.

Meaning

Meaning is a term in linguistics and philosophy. It is also a word in everyday life. The basic idea is this: meaning is the information which is sent by speech or messages. What that information is can be inferred by a listener or reader.

Meaning makes sense as part of a conversation between two or more people. The bits of a conversation, like questions and answers, suggestions and explanations, work to help the meaning get across. Requests and instructions are other types of communication which depend on meaning.

Although humans use language to carry meaning, non-verbal communication definitely has meaning. In fact it is far more ancient than human language, and interpreting its meaning is mostly done by the unconscious mind. Messages travel by scent and sight as well as sound. Humans do some of this as well as almost all animals. In humans, facial expressions and the sense of touch are very important. All these things have meaning.


Erica Sjöström

Erica Sjöström, born 30 June 1970 in Tierp, Sweden, is a Swedish female singer and saxophonist. Since 1999. she has been the singer in Swedish band the Drifters.

She begun her carrier in 1992 in the part-time band Manges orkester from Tierp. Manges participated at Svenska dansbandsmästerskapen in 1994 and 1996, reaching the finals. 

In 1999, she won the "Sångmicken" contest in Ekebo. She has been awarded five Guldklaven awards in Malung. She has been the prize personal as "wind musician of the year" and "singer of the year", She has also been awarded the award together with the other bandmembers of the Drifters, in the categories "band of the year" and "song of the year".

In 2010, she could also be heard performing a duet with Scotts recording the song "In a Moment Like This".

Reach for the Sky

Reach for the Sky is the eighth studio album by American southern rock band The Allman Brothers Band. The album was released in August 1980. It was first studio album without label Capricorn Records. It was the first studio album with new label Arista Records. 

Kim Anderzon

Kerstin Kristina Birgitta "Kim" Anderzon (20 March 1943 – 24 October 2014), was a Swedish actress. She starred on movies and theatre. Her daughter Anna Catharina Tintin Anderzon is also an actress. She won the award for Best Actress at the 19th Guldbagge Awards for her role in "Second Dance". Along with Tomas Bolme, she co-hosted the 27th Guldbagge Awards.

Anderzon died of spinal cancer in Stockholm, Sweden, aged 71.

S. S. Rajendran

Sedapatti Suryanarayana Devar Rajendran, commonly known by his stage name S. S. Rajendran (SSR), (January 1928 – 24 October 2014) was an Indian movie actor, director, producer and politician. He was known for his roles in "Parasakthi", "Ratha Kanneer", "Sivagangai Seemai", "Aalayamani", and in "Poompuhar".

Rajendran died in Chennai, India from a lung infection, aged 88.


Mbulaeni Mulaudzi

Mbulaeni Tongai Mulaudzi (8 September 1980 – 24 October 2014) was a South African middle distance runner, and the 2009 world champion in the men's 800 metres. 

He carried the flag at the opening ceremony of the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. He later won a silver medal for the 800m there. He was born in Muduluni, Transvaal Province. He became South Africa's first black athlete to be ranked number one in the world.

Mulaudzi died in a car crash on 24 October 2014 at the age of 34 in Mpumalanga.

Joan Quigley

Joan Quigley (April 10, 1927 – October 23, 2014), was an American astrologer. She was best known for her astrological advice to Nancy and Ronald Reagan during the 1980s. Quigley was born in Kansas City, Missouri.

She was called on by First Lady Nancy Reagan in 1981 after John Hinckley's attempted assassination of the president. She stayed on as the White House astrologer in secret until being revealed in 1988 by former chief of staff Donald Regan.

Quigley died after a short illness on October 23, 2014 in San Francisco, California, aged 87.

Flag of South Africa

The national flag of South Africa was adopted in April 1994. It was designed by Frederick Brownell in March 1994.

It has horizontal bands of red (on the top) and blue (on the bottom), It is separated by a central green band which splits into a horizontal "Y" shape. 

trent was here
Wikipedia Monument

The Wikipedia Monument () is a statue designed by Armenian sculptor Mihran Hakobyan honoring Wikipedia contributors. It is located in Słubice, Poland. 

The fiber and resin sculpture cost about 50,000 złotys (about $14,000; 12,000 euros). It was funded by Słubice regional authorities. It was unveiled in Frankfurt Square (Plac Frankfurcki) on 22 October 2014 in a ceremony that included representatives from both local Wikimedia chapters and the Wikimedia Foundation. 


John Marshall Harlan II

John Marshall Harlan (May 20, 1899 – December 29, 1971) was an American jurist. He served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court from 1955 to 1971. His namesake was his grandfather John Marshall Harlan, another associate justice who served from 1877 to 1911.

Harlan died of spinal cancer in Washington, D.C., aged 72.

Spinal tumor

Spinal tumors is a form of tumor that grows in the spinal cord. Extradural tumors are more common than intradural neoplasms.

Depending on their location, the spinal cord tumors can be:


Emmett Brown

Dr. Emmett Lathrop "Doc" Brown, Ph.D., is a fictional character in the "Back to the Future trilogy". He is the inventor of the first time machine. He builds it out of a DeLorean sports car. 

The character is played by Christopher Lloyd in all three movies, as well as in the live action sequences of the "". He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta in the animated series. The character's appearance and actions are loosely inspired by Leopold Stokowski and Albert Einstein. In 2008, Dr. Emmett Brown was selected by "Empire" magazine as one of "The 100 Greatest Movie Characters of All Time", ranking at #76. 

Lloyd played Brown once again in Seth MacFarlane's 2014 comedy western movie, "A Million Ways to Die in the West".

Marty McFly

Martin Seamus "Marty" McFly is a fictional character in the "Back to the Future" trilogy. He is the series' protagonist and is played by actor Michael J. Fox. Marty also appears in the , where he was voiced by David Kaufman. 

In by Telltale Games, he is voiced by A.J Locascio. In 2008, Marty McFly was selected by "Empire" magazine as the 39th Greatest Movie Character of All Time. Eric Stoltz was originally cast as Marty McFly, but after five weeks of shooting scenes for the first movie, director Robert Zemeckis and executive producer Steven Spielberg chose to re-cast the role to Fox.

Back to the Future Part II

Back to the Future Part II is a 1989 American science fiction movie directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Bob Gale. It is the second movie for the "Back to the Future trilogy". It stars Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Thomas F. Wilson and Lea Thompson.

Dr. Emmett "Doc" Brown (Christopher Lloyd) appears in 1985 in his time-traveling DeLorean and tells Marty McFly (Michael J. Fox) and his girlfriend Jennifer Parker (Elisabeth Shue) that something is wrong with their future children, and that Marty and Jennifer must come with him to the future to fix it. As the three of them leave in the time machine, they are accidentally witnessed by Biff Tannen (Thomas F. Wilson).

Doc takes the DeLorean to 2015, thirty years in the future. Jennifer keeps asking questions about her and Marty's future marriage, causing Doc to use a sleep-inducing generator to knock her out, explaining that no one should know too much of their own future. Doc reveals to Marty that his future identical son, Marty Jr. (Michael J. Fox), was imprisoned after a failed bank robbery in which he was forced to participate by Biff's future grandson Griff Tannen (Thomas F. Wilson). Marty's future daughter Marlene (Michael J. Fox) attempted to break Marty Jr. out, only to be caught and imprisoned herself. Doc explains his plan: to have Marty pose as his future son, refuse to participate in the bank robbery with Griff, and return to 1985 so his future family can live a happy life. Doc gives Marty futuristic clothes so he can look the part, and they leave an unconscious Jennifer in an alley. 

Marty explores a futuristic Hill Valley and enters the nostalgia-themed Cafe '80s, where he's supposed to meet Griff. Marty meets an elderly Biff and almost runs into Marty Jr., who Griff bullies when he arrives at the cafe. Marty swaps places with his son and confronts Griff, refusing to participate in the robbery. Griff calls Marty "chicken", which triggers Marty and causes a fight between him and Griff's gang. Marty steals a hoverboard and uses it to escape. Griff and his gang try to hurt Marty on their own hoverboards but are knocked off balance, crashing into the courthouse mall at the city center. Griff's gang is arrested and the future changes, with Marty Jr. no longer going to jail. Marty keeps the hoverboard and buys a 2015 sports almanac to take back to 1985, in order to unfairly bet on sports results. Doc finds out and scolds Marty. They try to get back to 1985 but find out that Jennifer has been found by cops and taken to her future home. Doc throws away the almanac, but the elder Biff retrieves it from the trash and steals the DeLorean. Jennifer wakes up in her future home, where she sees older versions of herself and Marty and her future children. She watches as Marty's future self enters a shady business deal and is fired from his job. Doc and Marty intervene in time and bring Jennifer back to the DeLorean, and return to 1985.

Marty quickly figures out that the timeline has been changed, with Biff now a rich tycoon who made his fortune by betting on sports results since the 1950s. After learning that his mother Lorraine (Lea Thompson) is married to Biff against her will and his father George (Jeffrey Weissman) is dead, Marty works with Doc to figure out what happened; they realize that the elder Biff from 2015 stole the DeLorean in order to give the almanac to his younger self 



Back to the Future Part III

Back to the Future Part III is a 1990 American science fiction Western movie directed by Robert Zemeckis. It is the third and final movie for the "Back to the Future trilogy". It stars Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Mary Steenburgen, Thomas F. Wilson, Crispin Glover and Lea Thompson.

A lightning bolt sends 1985 Doc and the time machine from 1955 back to 1885. Marty finds the time machine where Doc hid it. He soon finds out that the Doc is shot by Buford 'Mad Dog' Tannen and goes back to 1885 to save Doc.



Biff Tannen

Biff Howard Tannen is a fictional character in the "Back to the Future" trilogy. Thomas F. Wilson plays Biff in all three movies as well as the Universal Studios ride, and voiced the character in the .

Biff is the series' antagonist. He is a tall, mean, violent bully who gets what he wants by bullying others into doing his work for him, or by cheating. He and his family members usually misuse idioms in a way that makes them sound foolish and doesn't sound like an insult.

Thomas F. Wilson

Thomas Francis "Tom" Wilson Jr. (born April 15, 1959) is an American actor, writer, musician, painter, voice-over artist, comedian, and podcaster. He played Biff Tannen, Griff Tannen and Buford "Mad Dog" Tannen in the "Back to the Future" trilogy, and Coach Ben Fredricks on NBC's "Freaks and Geeks".


James Tolkan

James Stewart Tolkan (born June 20, 1931) is an American actor. He is often cast as a strict, overbearing, bald-headed authority figure. He is known for his role as Mr. Strickland in all three of "Back to the Future movie series"; "Back to the Future", "Back to the Future Part II", and in "Back to the Future Part III".


Zamora Cathedral

Zamora Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Zamora, Spain. It was built in the middle of the 12th century. King Alfonso VII of León and Castile sponsored the construction. The cathedral was built mostly in the Romanesque architectural style. It also has Byzantine influences. It is built on the Latin cross floor plan. Its last bell was built in 1805.


V-Rally 2

V-Rally 2 is a racing video game. It is the sequel to "V-Rally" for the PlayStation. It is known in America as Need for Speed: V-Rally 2 and in Europe as V-Rally 2 Championship Edition. The Dreamcast version is known as Test Drive V-Rally in America. 

The game got very good reviews. IGN gave it a 8.5/10 for its graphics and sound effects.

A sequel with title "V-Rally 3" has been release for "PlayStation 2", release in "Europe" on 2002, and "North America" on sale March 25, 2003.

Duke of Marlborough (title)

Duke of Marlborough is a title in the Peerage of England. It was created by Queen Anne in 1702 for John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough. The name of the dukedom refers to Marlborough in Wiltshire. It is the only current dukedom in the Peerages of England, Great Britain or the United Kingdom that can pass to a woman and through a woman. The family have long been involved with the politics of the day. They are also famous for their traditional home which is "Blenheim Palace". This is the only non-royal palace in the United Kingdom. The family still live at the palace. The duke is entitled to the style of address of Your Grace. 


The heir apparent to the Dukedom is George Spencer-Churchill, Marquess of Blandford (b. 1992). He is the eldest son of the 12th Duke.

Jeff Bagwell

Jeff Bagwell (born May 27, 1968) is a retired Major League Baseball player. He played for the Houston Astros. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Tha Doggfather

Tha Doggfather is the second studio album by Snoop Doggy Dogg. This album was released on November 12, 1996. The album sold two million copies. The singles released were "Snoop's Upside Your Head", "Vapors" and "Doggfather"

Pamhagen

Pamhagen is a small village in Austria. It is located in the northern part of the state Burgenland. The population is 1641 (1st January 2014).

Curtie and the Boombox

Curtie and the Boombox was Duch pop group. The group scoring chart successes during the mid 1980s. Famous songs recorded by the group are "Black Kisses (Never Make You Blue)" and "Let's Talk it over in the Ladies Room".




Tha Last Meal

Tha Last Meal is the fifth studio album from rapper Snoop Dogg. Several singles were released off this album. One of them was "(Snoop Dogg) What's My Name Part 2".

This album was released on December 19, 2000.

Korat

The Korat is a natural breed of cat. It is also one of the oldest cat breeds. It first lived in Thailand. It is named after a province named "Korat" by the local people. The Korat is known as one of the "good luck cats".

The Korat is a blue-gray colour with a small to medium stocky or "cobby" body. It can be surprisingly heavy for its size. It is intelligent, active, playful and likes to be with people. It has a heart-shaped head and large green eyes.

The Korat's colour is actually a silver blue that looks like it is shimmering. The people of Thailand call the colour "rain-cloud gray," and the shimmer "sea foam." This cat has one coat of fur that is short. The roots of the fur are a lighter silver blue. The colour along the fur increases to deeper blue and the tips are silver, especially on the muzzle and toes. This is the only colour allowed for a Korat. The eyes are large and peridot green in an adult cat. Kittens have amber or golden-green eyes which gradually change as they become adults, at two to four years. 

Korats may rarely have some white markings or spots, or even pale gray stripes. Sometimes these spots increase in size as the cat gets older. These are flaws in the colour, and these cats are not allowed in cat shows. Even though the colour is wrong, they are still healthy cats. 

The first time the Korat breed was written about in books was in a poem written in Thailand, between 1350 and 1767 AD. The book is now in the national library in Bangkok. But the drawing of the Korat in this book did not have enough detail to positively say it is this breed. In more recent years, the Korat was pictured on a postage stamp in Thailand. 

A Korat cat first appeared in Britain with the name "Blue Siamese" in 1889 and 1896. But these solid blue cats did not meet the cat show standards for a Siamese cat, so they disappeared by 1901. 

In the United States, a Korat first appeared in the 1950s. In 1959, Cedar Glen cattery was the first to import a pair of Korats to the U.S. for breeding. They were a male named Nara and a female named Darra. In 1966, the Korat was first allowed to be shown for championship status, by a breeder from Maryland. 


The Chronic

The Chronic is the first studio album from Dr. Dre. Snoop Doggy Dogg performs on the album. The album is named for a slang term for high-grade marijuana. It was released on Dre's Death Row Records. The album included the single "Let Me Ride".

The album got to #3 on the "Billboard" 200 in the United States. It sold about three million records. 

It was released on December 15, 1992.

Guido Gezelle

Guido Gezelle (1 May 1830 – 27 November 1899) was a Roman Catholic priest from Belgium. He was also a writer, translator and poet.

Gezelle was born and died in Bruges. He became priest in 1854.

Gezelle's parents were Pieter Jan Gezelle and Monica Devrieze. He was an uncle of the Flemish writer Stijn Streuvels.

Gezelle is still famous now for his translation of "The Song of Hiawatha" by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.


New Play Control!

Note: Metroid Prime and Metroid Prime 2 were not available by themselves outside of Japan.

Reyhaneh Jabbari

Reyhaneh Jabari (Persian: ریحانه جباری c. 1988 - October 25, 2014) was a Iranian woman convicted of murdering a former intelligence officer, Morteza Abdolali Sarbandi, in Iran. She said she killed Sarbandi because he was sexually assaulting her.

She was in prison from 2007 until her execution by hanging in October 2014 for killing Sarbandi. She published her story about what happened to her in prison. Her lawyer published her story in his blog.

Jabbari was executed by hanging on 25 October 2014 at dawn at the Gohardasht Prison, north of Karaj, aged 26.

Lorenzo Albacete

Monsignor Lorenzo Albacete (January 7, 1941 – October 24, 2014) was an American theologian, Roman Catholic priest, scientist and author. A New York Times Magazine contributor, Albacete was one of the leaders in the United States for the international Catholic movement Communion and Liberation. He was the Chairman of the Board of Advisors of Crossroads Cultural Center. Albacete was born in Puerto Rico.

Albacete died in Yonkers, New York, aged 73.

XQuartz

XQuartz is software made by Apple Inc. It takes a not-specific-to-Mac program – one that is compatible with a standard called X Window System or "X11" – and allows it to be displayed on the Mac. The functionality is only limited to the actual Graphical User Interface the user sees, nothing more.

1,000,000,000

1,000,000,000 is the natural number after 999,999,999 and before 1,000,000,001. In the short scale, it is called one billion, but in the long scale, it is called one thousand million or one milliard (or yard). One billion can also be written as b or bn.

Jack Bruce

John Symon Asher "Jack" Bruce (14 May 1943 – 25 October 2014) was a Scottish musician and composer. He was known as a founder member of the British psychedelic rock power trio, Cream, in the late 1960s. Whilst in the band, Bruce played a fretless bass guitar.

Bruce died on 25 October 2014 from liver disease in Suffolk, England, aged 71.


André Piters

André Piters (18 January 1931 – 23 October 2014) was a Belgian footballer. He played as a striker. Piters played club football for Standard Liège and Olympic de Charleroi. He earned a total of 23 caps for Belgium between 1955 and 1961, four of which came in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches. He scored seven goals in his international career.

Piters died on 23 October 2014 in Brussels, Belgium, aged 83.

Patricia Roc

Patricia Roc (7 June 1915 – 30 December 2003), born Felicia Miriam Ursula Herold, was a British movie actress. She was popular in the Gainsborough melodramas such as "Madonna of the Seven Moons" (1945) and "The Wicked Lady" (1945). She only made one movie in Hollywood, "Canyon Passage" (1946). 

She also appeared in "Millions Like Us" (1943), "Jassy" (1945), "The Brothers" (1947) and "When the Bough Breaks" (1947).

She met Ronald Reagan over lunch in 1945. They had an intense affair. Reagan, at the time, was married to Jane Wyman. Reagan wanted to marry her, but their relationship ended in 1947. Before her death, she kept a picture of Reagan and herself in the drawing-room of her Swiss home at ­Minusio, overlooking Lake Maggiore. It showed them gazing deeply into each other’s eyes.

Roc died of kidney failure in her home in Locarno, Switzerland, aged 88.

Hugo Carvana

Hugo Carvana (4 June 1937 – 4 October 2014) was a Brazilian movie and television actor and director. He appeared in 65 movie since 1955. He was known for his roles in "Entranced Earth" and in "Antonio das Mortes". He was also known for directing "Casa da Mãe Joana".

Carvana died of an illness in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, aged 77.

Andrea de Cesaris

Andrea de Cesaris (31 May 19595 October 2014) was an Italian racing driver. He started 208 Formula One Grands Prix but never won, holding the record for the longest career without a race victory. 

He was in many car accidents during his career. That earned him the nickname "Andrea de Crasheris". He became known for being very fast but also wild. The nickname stuck, though he went on to become a calmer, more mature driver in his later career. In 2005 and 2006 he competed in the Grand Prix Masters formula for retired F1 drivers.

de Cesaris died on 5 October 2014 after losing control of his motorcycle on Rome's Grande Raccordo Anulare motorway, aged 55.

Igor Mitoraj

Igor Mitoraj (March 26, 1944 – October 6, 2014) was a Polish artist. He was born in Oederan, Germany. Mitoraj studied painting at the Kraków Academy of Art under Tadeusz Kantor. 

After graduating, he had several exhibitions. He held his first solo exhibition in 1967 at the Krzysztofory Gallery in Poland. In 1968, he moved to Paris to continue his studies at the National School of Art.

Mitoraj worked with terracotta and bronze. In 1979, he began to use marble for most of his works. In 1983, he set up a studio in Pietrasanta. In 2006, he created the new bronze doors and a statue of John the Baptist for the basilica of Santa Maria degli Angeli in Rome.

Mitoraj died in Paris, France, aged 70.

Alfonso VII of León and Castile

Alfonso VII (1 March 1105 – 21 August 1157), born Alfonso Raimúndez, he was called the Emperor ("el Emperador"). He was given rule in Galacia alongside his mother Urraca of León in 1107. Alfonso became the King of Galicia in 1111. He became King of León and Castile in 1126 after his mother's death. Alfonso adopted the style of "Emperor" in his . In 1135 in a ceremony at the court of Leon he was officially recognize as Emperor. He was the son of Urraca of León and Raymond of Burgundy. He was the first of the House of Burgundy to rule in the Iberian peninsula. During his rule Portugal declared independence, in 1128. It was recognized as being independent in 1143. 

Creampie (sexual act)

A creampie is a term used in pornography. It is when a person's penis ejaculates semen inside their partner's vagina or anus and the semen leaks out, looking like the cream filling of a pie. Creampies are risky because they can result in unwanted pregnancy (vaginal, if the receiving partner is not using contraception) or transmission of STDs (vaginal or anal).

Tagbilaran

Tagbilaran is the capital and main city of the Bohol province, in the Bohol island, Philippines. Because of the Tagbilaran Airport, the city is an important way for tourists to start trips through the rest of the island and neighboring islands.

The inhabitants of this city are known as "tagbilaranons".

In 1565, a Spanish explorer named Miguel López de Legazpi came to Bohol looking for spices and gold. He made a peace pact with Datu Sikatuna in a place called Bool, now a district of Tagbilaran. This pact was signed with a blood pact between the two men.

On 9 February 1742, the Governor of the Visayas Francisco Antonio Calderon de la Barca separated Tagbilaran from Baclayon and made it a town with the name of "San Jose de Tagbilaran" and dedicated to St. Joseph the Worker. Since then, it was part of the province of Bohol and became officially a component city (a city that is part of a province) on 1 July 1966 by the Republic Act No. 4660.

Tagbilaran is in the southwestern part of the island of Bohol, in front of the smaller island of Panglao; between the two islands is the Tagbilaran Strait.

The city is southeast of the national capital of Manila and south of the regional capital, Cebu City.

It has a total area of , but the total land area, without the parts that are in the sea, is . The coastline is about long.

There is a ridge (a long and narrow chain of small hills) with an average altitude of that runs parallel to the coastline; at both ends of the ridge there are two hills: "Elley Hill" () in the north and "Banat-I Hill" () in the south.

Tagbilaran borders with the municipalities of Cortes (north), Corella (northeast) and Baclayon (east). To the south is the "Tagbilaran Strait" and the Panglao island, and to the west is the "Maribojoc Bay" (part of the Cebu Strait).

With a population of 96,792, Tagbilaran has a population density of inhabitants/km.

Tagbilaran has, like the rest of the Philippines, a tropical climate. The average temperature is high and the humidity is also high. The dry and the wet seasons are very similar.

The city of Tagbilaran is divided into 15 barangays (like neighbourhoods).



Panglao Island

Panglao is a small island in the north Bohol Sea, in the Central Visayas Region of the Visayas island group, in the south-central Philippines.

The island is an important touristic place because of the beaches found here and the presence of coral reefs near the island.

The island of Panglao has an area of . The island had a population, as of 2010, of 68,051, for a population density of inhabitants/km.

The island is in the northern part of the Bohol Sea (or "Mindanao Sea"), to the southwest of the island of Bohol and to the east of the island of Cebu. Panglao is separated from the Bohol island by a narrow strait, the Tagbilaran Strait, and two bridges connect the island with the city of Tagbilaran.

There are several smaller islands close to Panglao, such as Gak-ang, Pontod, and Balicasag.

Panglao has a terrain that range from plain, hilly to mountainous, composed by a limestone that is soluble and that causes the formation of caves and sinkholes. One interesting geological feature of the island is the "Hinagdanan Cave" which has an underground water source; because there no rivers or lakes in the island, the cave is an important water source.

During the works of the Panglao Marine Biodiversity Project, about 250 new species of crustaceans and 1,500-2,500 new species of mollusks were found in the waters of Panglao and Balicasag. The project found that Panglao alone has more marine biodiversity than Japan and the Mediterranean sea.

Because of this biodiversity, the island was proposed in 2006 as a World Heritage Site by the Department of Environment and Natural Resources of the Philippines.

The island of Panglao is within the Bohol province, and is divided into 2 municipalties and 22 barangays (like neighbourhoods).



Freshman Father

Freshman Father is an English 2010 romantic drama made for television movie from the Hallmark Movie Channel. It was directed by Michael Scott. It is based on a true story. It is rated PG.

A prom queen gets pregnant so she can stay with her boyfriend when he goes to Harvard. She goes with him, but she is homesick and cannot stand the pressure. When she leaves, he is left with the baby. The plot is about the way he tries to balance his time between his son and his exams.


The theme song is called "Best At the Time".


Rio Grande (Brazil)

Rio Grande is a Brazilian municipality located in the south of the state of Rio Grande do Sul. In 2014 its population is estimated to be 207,036 people.

Agout

The Agout or Agoût () is a river in southwestern France, left tributary of the Tarn river. It flows through the Occitanie region.

Three "communes" have the name of the river in their names: La Salvetat-sur-Agout, Fraisse-sur-Agout and Vielmur-sur-Agout.

The Agout river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Lavaur in the Tarn department.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Lavaur (56 years)
The source of the Agout is on the "Monts d'Espinouse", in the southern Massif Central in the Parc Naturel Régional du Haut-Languedoc ("Regional Natural Park of High Languedoc"), in the "commune" of Cambon-et-Salvergues, Hérault department, at an altitude of about .

The Agout flows, in general, to the northwest and passes through the following regions, departments and "communes":


The Agout river flows through a total of 36 "communes".

Finally, it flows, as a left tributary into the Tarn river at Saint-Sulpice, in the Tarn department, at of altitude.

The main tributaries, with a length greater than 30 km, of the Agout are:



Egon Spengler

Egon Spengler, Ph.D. is a fictional character from the "Ghostbusters" franchise. He appears in the movies "Ghostbusters" and "Ghostbusters II", in the animated television series "The Real Ghostbusters", and later in "Extreme Ghostbusters". 

Spengler was played by Harold Ramis in the movies and voiced by him in "", and voiced by Maurice LaMarche in the cartoon series. He is a member of the Ghostbusters and one of the three doctors of parapsychology, along with Dr. Peter Venkman and Dr. Raymond Stantz.

Peter Venkman

Peter Venkman, Ph.D. is a fictional character from the "Ghostbusters" franchise. He appears in the movies "Ghostbusters" and "Ghostbusters II" and in the animated television series "The Real Ghostbusters".

In both live action movies, he was played by Bill Murray, and was voiced in the animated series first by Lorenzo Music and then by Dave Coulier. He is a parapsychologist and the leader of the Ghostbusters.

In 2008, Peter Venkman was selected by the magazine "Empire" as one of "The 100 Greatest Movie Characters of All Time", described by Empire's Nick de Semlyen as "the ultimate New York hero: cynical, sarcastic, secretly sweet-natured", "a man possessed by manic spontaneity, with a wont to twirl in circles around a public concourse or declare undying love for a woman he's just met", and the "most popular" character played by Murray.

Ray Stantz

Raymond "Ray" Stantz, Ph.D. is a fictional character from the "Ghostbusters" franchise. He appears in the movies "Ghostbusters", "Ghostbusters II", "Casper", and the animated television series "The Real Ghostbusters". 

In both live action movies, he was portrayed by Dan Aykroyd, and was voiced by Frank Welker. He is a member of the Ghostbusters and one of the three doctors of parapsychology, along with Dr. Peter Venkman and Dr. Egon Spengler.

Winston Zeddemore

Winston Zeddemore is a fictional character appearing in the "Ghostbusters" movies, TV series, and video games. He was played by Ernie Hudson in both movies and was voiced by Arsenio Hall in the first two seasons of "The Real Ghostbusters". 

Buster Jones provided Winston's voice in the remaining seasons, and he reprised the role in a cameo on "Extreme Ghostbusters". Hudson returned to provide his appearance and voice to Zeddemore in 2009's "".

Unlike the other Ghostbusters, Zeddemore is not a doctor and sometimes never appears with the group.

Ghostbusters II

Ghostbusters II is a 1989 American supernatural fantasy comedy movie and the sequel to the 1984 movie "Ghostbusters". It is produced and directed by Ivan Reitman.

It stars Bill Murray, Sigourney Weaver, Harold Ramis, Dan Aykroyd, Ernie Hudson, Annie Potts, Peter MacNicol, Wilhelm von Homburg and Rick Moranis.

It follows the further adventures of the four parapsychologists and their organization fighting paranormal activities. It was released on June 16, 1989. The movie earned $215 million at the box office and received mixed reviews.


Guyle Fielder

Guyle Abner Fielder (born November 21, 1930) was an American-born Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre. He played 9 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Black Hawks, Detroit Red Wings, and the Boston Bruins. Fielder is the third-leading scorer in professional hockey history, behind Wayne Gretzky and Gordie Howe. He was one of only three hockey players to pass 2000 points in their playing career. He also holds the records as the leading games played, career assists and career points in minor league hockey history. He was born in Potlatch, Idaho but he moved to Nipawin, Saskatchewan with his Canadian parents at an early age and grew up there.

Before playing in the NHL, Fielder played 2 seasons of with the Lethbridge Native Sons of the Western Canadian Junior Hockey League (WCJHL).

On March 9, 1951, Fielder signed a contract with the Chicago Black Hawks as a free agent. The Black Hawks loaned Fielder to the New Westminster Royals of the Pacific Coast Hockey League (PCHL) for cash in August, 1951. On September 23, 1952, the Black Hawks traded Fielder along with Steve Hrymnak and Red Almas to the Detroit Red Wings in exchange for cash. He was claimed off of waivers by the New York Rangers on September 29, 1953. The Rangers traded him to the Seattle Americans of the Western Hockey League (WHL) for the rights to Lee Hyssop in October 1953. Fielder's NHL rights were traded to the Boston Bruins by the Americans for cash in October 1953. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1973.



Chevy Chase, Maryland

Chevy Chase is the name of both a town and an unincorporated census-designated place (CDP) in Montgomery County, Maryland. It was founded during the late 1880s. It is located near Washington, D.C.

Battle of Kasserine Pass

The Battle of the Kasserine Pass was a battle fought in Tunisia. It was part of the Tunisia Campaign. The battle took place from 19 February 1943 to 24 February 1943.

The Axis forces were commanded by Erwin Rommel. They were mostly made from the Afrika Korps and The Italian Centauro Armoured Division. They also included some divisions from the German 5th Panzer Army. The Americans and the II Corps of the U.S Army were led by Lloyd Fredendall. The British 1st Army was led by Kenneth Anderson.

This battle is remembered for being the first major battle between the Americans and Germans in World War Two.

It was the first battle in which the Americans soldiers fought an enemy with better organization and experienced soldiers. The battle at the beginning was very costly for the Americans. They were forced to retreat from their starting position at the Faid Pass. The Americans were soon reinforced with both American and British reinforcements. They forced Rommel to retreat to better positions.

This battle caused a change in American military organization, to better prepare the army for the war in North Africa. Major General Lloyd Fredendal was sent home to the United States. When Rommel and the Americans fought again weeks later, the American improvements were seen in battle.

Anselme Payen

Anselme Payen (6 January 1795 – 12 May 1878) was a French chemist. 

Payen discovered the first enzyme, diastase, in 1833. He is also known for isolating and naming the carbohydrate cellulose.

List of Roman Catholic cathedrals in Spain

This is a list of Roman Catholic cathedrals in Spain.

Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Spain:

Bernard Mayes

Anthony Bernard Duncan Mayes (October 10, 1929 – October 23, 2014) was a British-born American broadcaster, university dean and author. He was known for being the founder of America's first suicide prevention hotline. Mayes was gay and was also known for being a gay rights activist.

Mayes died in San Francisco, California from Parkinson's disease, aged 85.


Raphael Ravenscroft

Raphael Ravenscroft (4 June 1954 – 19 October 2014) was a British musician, composer and author. He was known for playing the saxophone. Ravenscroft was known for performing in Gerry Rafferty's first song "Baker Street".

Ravenscroft died on 19 October 2014 at a hospital in Exeter, England from a suspected heart attack, aged 60.

Carlos Morales Troncoso

Carlos Morales Troncoso (29 September 1940 – 25 October 2014) was a Dominican politician. He served as Vice–President of the Dominican Republic from 1986 to 1994, and as Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Dominican Republic from 2004 to 2014.

Troncoso died in Houston, Texas, United States from leukemia, aged 74.

Pavle Merkù

Pavle Merkù (12 July 1927 – 20 October 2014) was a Slovene composer, ethnomusicologist, Slovene specialist, and etymologist. Merkù received the Prešeren Award for lifetime achievement in 2014. He was known for composing "Ljudsko izročilo Slovencev v Italiji" (Slovene Folk Heritage in Italy).

Merkù died in his birthplace in Trieste, Italy, aged 87.

Title (album)

Title is the debut major-label album from American singer and songwriter Meghan Trainor. It was released on January 9, 2015.

Hotline Miami

Hotline Miami is a violent 2D top-down shooter indie video game developed by Dennaton Games and published by Devolver Digital. The game was inspired by the 2011 film "Drive" and the 2006 film "Cocaine Cowboys". 

The developers said that they "wanted it to be disturbing and we wanted people to feel the violence". They made the graphics pixel art to make sure the game was not controversial. A developer, Jonatan Söderström started making a game called Super Carnage, which was very similar to Hotline Miami. The aim of the game was to kill as many people as possible. The game was left unfinished because of difficulties coding the AI. 

Before starting development, the developers wanted inspiration, so they watched some movies like Kick-Ass, Drive and Cocaine Cowboys. They wanted to raise questions about what it meant to kill a virtual person in a video game. Mid-way through development, Söderström worried that he was running out of money, so he started Hotline Miami. They spent 9 months in an apartment coding the game. Dennis Wedin said this about the development of the game: "It was fucking hard...". 

Söderström said that he created Hotline Miami with Games Maker, because it let him make the game fast. He also said that it doesn't need that much programming knowledge to use. He said it was a lot slower than other engines, and is quite limited. They had some problems with Games Maker, because they were using an old version. Weldin claimed he liked games that were just games, but Söderström wanted the player to think about the game's meaning. 

The developers said that the AI was the hardest thing to create in the game.
The player controls an un-named hero (who fans call Jacket), who's gradually losing his mind. The objective of each level is to kill all enemies in the room, and go to the next one. After every job, the player goes to the same store to order a pizza. The player then return to your safehouse.


There are unlockable masks in Hotline Miami, each have their own abilities.


A sequel to "Hotline Miami", called "" was released on March 10, 2015. It was originally going to be DLC for the main game, but this was changed. 

The game got very good reviews, with IGN praising its "striking blend of fast ultraviolence, a dense, challenging story and brilliant presentation". They given the game a final score of 8.8/10. 

Diastase

Diastases are a group of enzymes which break down starch into the sugar maltose. Diastase was the first enzyme discovered. It was got from malt solution in 1833 by Anselme Payen and Jean-François Persoz, chemists at a French sugar factory.

The name "diastase" comes from the Greek word διάστασις (diastasis). It means a parting or separation. The enzymes simply split the starch molecule. Today, diastase means any α-, β-, or γ-amylase that can break down carbohydrates.

The commonly used -ase suffix for naming enzymes was derived from the name diastase. The breakdown of starches follows a general diastase-catalysed reaction:

A–B + HO → A–OH + B–H

Ontario Highway 401

Ontario Highway 401, also called King's Highway 401, is a provincial highway in southern Ontario, Canada. It is 828.0 kilometres (514.5 miles) long. It starts near Ontario's border with Quebec, where the road is called Quebec Autoroute 20. The western end of the highway is in Windsor.

Construction on the highway started in 1947. By 1952, three different parts of the highway were finished, with the three parts connected by 1964. In 2013, another part of the highway was started. This part would extend the highway to the Gordie Howe International Bridge at the Canadian-U.S. border near Detroit.

In 2008, part of the highway between Trenton and Toronto was called the "Highway of Heroes". This was because many Canadian soldiers who were killed overseas arrived at the Trenton airforce base. Their bodies were then transported along the highway to Toronto.

Vadakkangara

Vadakkangara is a village in the Malappuram district in Kerala, India. The Village has small areas including Vadakke kulambu, Kizhakke kulambu, Tadathil kundu, Kalavu. India census, Vadakkangara had a population of 18702 with 8920 males and 9782 females.

Iridescence

Iridescence is a thing about some surfaces. If a surface looks like its colour changes as the light moves, then it is iridescent.

There are many iridescent things in nature. Soap bubbles, butterfly wings and sea shells, and some minerals are iridescent. They have tiny structures that affect the light.

The physical process which causes iridescence is usually interference.

Specialized High Schools Admissions Test

The Specialized High Schools Admissions Test (SHSAT) is a test given to eighth and ninth grade students living in New York City. Students take this test if they wish to get into Specialized high schools in New York City. About 30,000 students take the test but only 3,000 can be accepted. According to U.S. News & World Report the eight specialized schools all rank among the top 200 high schools in the US. 

The SHSAT is used to get into any of the following eight specialized high schools.

The SHSAT has both English and math questions. Both sections is made up of multiple-choice questions. It is recommended that students spend more than 75 minutes on each section, but students can use the time in any way you wish. There is no break in between the sections. The exam happens only once a year. Calculators cannot be used in the test.
45 Multiple Choice Questions

50 Multiple Choice Questions


Festus Mogae

Festus Gontebanye Mogae (born 21 August 1939) is a Motswana politician. He served as President of Botswana from 1998 to 2008. He succeeded Quett Masire as President in 1998 and was reelected in October 2004. After being president for ten years, he stepped down in 2008 and was succeeded by Lieutenant General Ian Khama.

Lubrication

Lubrication is a physical process which allows surfaces to move smoothly against each other. A thin film of lubricant put between the surfaces reduces friction and wear on the surfaces, and keeps temperatures from rising too far. The lubricant film can be a solid/liquid dispersion, a liquid, a liquid-liquid dispersion (a grease) or, exceptionally, a solid or gas.

Examples are the use of oil in machinery, the function of tears in eyes and synovial fluid in joints.


Gaolese Kent Koma

Gaolese Kent Koma (7 December 1918 – 9 March 2006) was a Botswana politician, statesman, and businessman. He was in the National Assembly as Member of Parliament for Mahalapye village from 1965 to 1994.

Koma died on 9 March 2006 in Gaborone, Botswana from complications following a stroke, aged 87.

Michael Dingake

Michael Kitso Dingake (born 11 February 1928, Bobonong) is a Botswana political activist and writer. In 1966 he was sentenced to 15 years on Robben Island. He was released in 1981. He worked at the University of Botswana. 

In 1992 he entered national politics, becoming vice-president of the Botswana National Front in 1993 and entering the National Assembly as MP for Gaborone Central in 1994. In 1998 he led the breakaway Botswana Congress Party, but lost his seat to Margaret Nasha of the Botswana Democratic Party in 1999. 

He retired from politics in 2004. Since then, he became a weekly columnist for the newspaper "Mmegi".

Thomas Tlou

Thomas Tlou (1 June 1932 – 28 June 2010) was a Botswana academic and historian. Tlou was the first Motswana (Botswana citizen) to be vice-chancellor of the University of Botswana, serving from 1985 to 1998. After, he continued at the university as professor of history, finally retiring in 2005.

Tlou died in Gaborone, Botswana from a heart attack, aged 78.



Francistown

Francistown is the second largest city in Botswana. It has a population of about 100,079 and 150,800 since 2011.

Kanye, Botswana

Kanye is a city in Botswana. It has a population of 45,196 since 2011. It is the seventh largest city in Botswana. Quett Masire, who used to be the President of Botswana, was born here.

Flag of Botswana

The flag of Botswana shows two equal horizontal bands of light blue (top and bottom) and a white and black line in the middle. The flag was adopted in 1996.

Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School

Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts is a high school that teaches visual and performing arts. It is located near the Lincoln Center and the Juilliard School in Manhattan, New York City. The school is operated by the New York City Department of Education.

The school prepares high school students for professional careers and conservatory study. This is for careers in dance, drama, the visual arts, music and theatre. It is informally known as LaGuardia Arts, or LaGuardia High School. It is the only school among the nine specialized high schools in New York City that receives special funding from the New York State legislature. They have a teacher–student ratio of 1:15.

Ingrid Pitt

Ingrid Pitt (21 November 1937 – 23 November 2010) was a Polish-British actress and novelist. She acted in horror movies in the 1960s and 1970s. She played Alice Allison in "Nobody Ordered Love". She also played Heidi in "Where Eagles Dare".

Pitt was born Ingoushka Petrov in Warsaw, Poland. She died in a London hospital several days after collapsing. 

Gustav Adolf Church, Hamburg

The Gustav Adolf Church (, ) is a church building in Hamburg-Neustadt in Germany. The church belongs to the Church of Sweden. It was built between 1906 and 1907.


Huddinge HK

Huddinge HK is a handball club in Huddinge in Sweden. The club was established on 27 March 1971. The women's team has played in the Swedish top division.


Växjö HF

Växjö HF is a handball club in Växjö i nSweden. The club was established 1972 out of Växjö BK. The men's team played three seasons in the Swedish top division during the early 1990s.

The men's junior team won the Swedish national championship in the year 2000. In 2003, the girls' team won the Swedish national championship. It is the mother club of Swedish player Jonas Källman.


The Division Bell

The Division Bell is the fourteenth studio album by Pink Floyd. The album was released in April 5, 1994.

Shine On (Pink Floyd album)

Shine On is the first box set by Pink Floyd. The album was released in 1992.

Seretse Khama

Sir Seretse Khama, KBE (July 1, 1921 – July 13, 1980) was a Botswana statesman from Botswana. He founded the Botswana Democratic Party in 1962. He became Prime Minister in 1965. In 1966, Botswana gained independence and Khama became its first president. During his presidency, the country underwent rapid economic and social progress.

Khama died of pancreatic cancer in Gaborone, Botswana, aged 59. His son, Ian Khama, is the current President of Botswana.

Oscar Taveras

Oscar Francisco Taveras (June 19, 1992 – October 26, 2014) was a Canadian–Dominican professional baseball outfielder for the St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball (MLB). The Cardinals signed him as an undrafted free agent in 2008. 

Taveras made his MLB debut in 2014 after batting .321 with a .519 slugging percentage over six minor league seasons. He played all three outfield positions while spending most of the time in center field.

On Sunday, October 26, 2014, Taveras and his girlfriend died in a car accident in Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic, aged 22. Taveras was travelling from Jamao al Norte to Sosúa, his hometown.

Marcia Strassman

Marcia A. Strassman (April 28, 1948 – October 24, 2014) was an American actress and singer. She was best known for her roles as Julie Kotter in "Welcome Back, Kotter" and as Diane Szalinski in the 1989 feature movie "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids" and its sequel "Honey, I Blew Up the Kid".

Strassman was born in New York City and raised in Passaic, New Jersey. She died on October 24, 2014 in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, California from breast cancer, aged 66.

Scott Darling

Scott Darling (born December 22, 1988) is an American ice hockey goaltender. He currently plays for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Darling played 2 years of college hockey with the University of Maine Black Bears. He was drafted 153rd overall by the Phoenix Coyotes in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

On July 1, 2014, he was signed to a one-year deal as a free agent by the Chicago Blackhawks. On October 26, 2014, Darling made his first start in goal for the Blackhawks. He also recorded his first NHL win in the same game, winning 2–1.


Ho-Chunk

The Ho-Chunk, also called Winnebago, are a Siouan-speaking tribe of Native Americans. Their homeland was in the present-day state of Wisconsin. In the 19th century they were removed to reservations in Nebraska, Minnesota, Iowa and South Dakota. Today there are two federally recognized Ho-Chunk tribes: the Ho-Chunk Nation of Wisconsin and the Winnebago Tribe of Nebraska. 
Since the late 20th century, the two tribal councils have built gambling casinos on their lands. These are used to earn money to help the tribes. The Ho-Chunk Nation is working on restoring their language. They have developed a Hocąk-language Mobile app for the iPhone. 

False positives and false negatives

False positives and negatives are words related with practical testing. When performing a practical test, there is the possibility that the result of the test does not show the real situation.

In a test, a false positive is when a test result shows that a condition is present but it is not. A false negative is when a test result shows a condition is "not" present when in fact it "is" present.


Hartola Church

Hartola Church (, ) is a church building in Hartola, Finland.

Construction begun in 1911. The church was opened on 16 December 1913. Architect was Josef Stenbäck.


List of Roman sites in Spain

This is a list of containing Roman sites in Spain.
























Skellefteå IBK

Skellefteå IBK is a floorball club in Skellefteå in Sweden, established 1985. The men's team played six seasons in the Swedish top division, starting with the 1989-1990 season.


Sonic Rush

The game got excellent reviews, including a 9/10 from IGN, and an average of 82/100 from Metacritic. 

Jan Öjlers

Jan Öjlers was a dansband from Sweden. The band scored several Svensktoppen hit songs.


Beauvau family

The House of Beauvau was a noble family that originated from Anjou a region of France. The Beauvau du Rivau branch was rooted in Brittany. It produced two bishops of Nantes. The Craon (Prince of Craon) branch was established in Lorraine. This branch was intimate with the then reigning ducal family.

Of knightly extraction, it has proofs of its nobility going back as far as 1265. The title of marquis of Beauvau was granted to the head of the family by Louis XIV in 1664. The family also had rights to the prestigious title of "cousin du Roi", reserved for a few families with an alliance with the royal house. Marc de Beauvau, Prince of Craon (1679–1754) was entitled prince of the Holy Roman Empire in 1722, and it was under this title that the family was admitted to the "honneurs de la Cour" in 1775.

The princely title of Prince of Craon was a title used by the Beauvau family using their status as Prince of the Holy Roman Empire which was gained in 1722. This was later fully recognised by Louis XV of France in 1755. The title was inherited by male offspring. It became extinct in 1982. These princes were sometimes but also known as the Prince of Beauvau.


The Beauvau family later enjoyed close relations with the then ducal family of Lorraine even going so far as to name one of their sons after a son of the Duke. They had a townhouse in Nancy, itself the capital of Lorraine. The townhouse was called the "Hôtel de Craon". The family also had a residence in Paris named the "Hôtel de Beauvau".

Further information on the family

Hemlock

Hemlock is a herbal poison got from several related plants in the Apiaceae family. The toxic chemicals differ in each plant, but there is a general similarity in the way they work.


Stijn Streuvels

Stijn Streuvels (3 October 1871, Heule, Kortrijk – 15 August 1969, Ingooigem, Anzegem), born Franciscus (Frank) Petrus Maria Lateur, was a Belgian writer.

His real name was Frank Lateur.

When he was young, Streuvels worked as a baker. 

The Flemish writer Guido Gezelle was his uncle. Gezelle inspired him to become himself a writer.

His house in Ingooigem is now a Streuvels museum.

Two times he got a nomination for the Nobel Prize in Literature.


Streuvels' books have been translated and published in Afrikaans, Czech, Danish, English, French, German, Latvian, Malay, Serbian, Slovak, Spanish.


Felix Timmermans

Felix Timmermans (5 July 1886 – 24 January 1947) was a writer, poet, and drawer from Belgium.

Timmermans was born in Lier, a Belgian city, near Antwerp.


Some of his books were translated and published in English, French, German, Lithuanian, and Italian.


Hall, Indiana

Hall is an unincorporated community in the U.S. state of Indiana. It is in Gregg Township, Morgan County, Indiana. It was founded in 1860. 

Mo Collins (American football)

Damon Jamal Collins (September 22, 1976 – October 26, 2014), nicknamed Mo Collins, was an American college and professional football player. He was an offensive lineman in the National Football League (NFL) for six seasons during the 1990s and early 2000s. 

Collins played college football for the University of Florida, and was a member of a national championship team. The Oakland Raiders selected him in the first round of the 1998 NFL Draft, and he played his entire professional career for the Raiders. 

Collins died of kidney failure in Charlotte, North Carolina, aged 38.

Senzo Meyiwa

Senzo Robert Meyiwa (24 September 1987 – 26 October 2014) was a South African footballer. He played as a goalkeeper for Orlando Pirates in the Premier Soccer League, and for the South Africa national team. He was the captain of both.

Meyiwa was killed when two people broke into his house and shot him in Vosloorus, South Africa, aged 27. South African President Jacob Zuma led tributes to Meyiwa.

Jeff Robinson (starting pitcher)

Jeffrey Mark Robinson (December 14, 1961 – October 26, 2014) was an American professional baseball player. He played pitcher in the Major Leagues from 1987 to 1992. Robinson pitched for the Baltimore Orioles, Pittsburgh Pirates, Texas Rangers and Detroit Tigers.

Robinson died in Overland Park, Kansas from a short-illness, aged 52.

Vasaloppet USA

Vasaloppet USA is a cross-country skiing event held around Mora in Minnesota, USA. The first race was held in 1973, The race is held each February. The main event is 58 kilometers long. The competition is named after Vasaloppet in Sweden.


Johanna Ölander

Johanna Ölander, born 23 May 1827, dead 16 July 1909 in Hedvig Eleonora Parish in Stockholm in Sweden was a Swedish song composer. She has written the tune for the Christmas song "Julpolska" ("Nu ha vi ljus, här i vårt hus").

She was married with Per August Ölander.

Vasaloppet Japan

Vasaloppet Japan is a cross-country skiing event held around Asahikawa on the island of Hokkaidō in the northern parts of Japan. The event has been held since 1981. The event is named after Vasaloppet in Sweden.


Vasaloppet de la Sergerie

Vasaloppet de la Sergerie is a cross-country skiing event. It is held around Le Norvégien in the Quebec Province in Canada. The event was first held in 2007

The event is held in February or early March. The event is named after Vasaloppet in Sweden.

Botniavasan

Botniavasan is a cross-country skiing event held around Vörå in Finland. The event was first held in 2006. The event is held every year in February. The first time the event was first held was in 2006. The main race is 50 kilometers long. The event has been named after Vasaloppet in Sweden.


Democratic Labour Party (Australia)

The Democratic Labour Party (or DLP) is a social conservative political party in Australia. The party was founded in 1955.

Vasaloppet China

Vasaloppet China () is a cross-country skiing competition held in the beginning of every year in the People's Republic of China. The race was first held in 2003. It has been part of Worldloppet since 2014. The competition is named after Vasaloppet in Sweden.


Atlanta Campaign

The Atlanta Campaign (6 May 1864 – 2 September 1864) was a series of battles during the American Civil War. The campaign was planned and executed by the Union Army under Major general William T. Sherman. The first part of the plan was to defeat the Confederate Army of Tennessee led by General Joseph E. Johnston. The second goal was to take the important city of Atlanta. Sherman captured Atlanta but was unable to completely destroy the Army of Tennessee.

The war had been going on for three years when Ulysses S. Grant was given command of the Union Army. While a much smaller army, the Confederates had been moving their forces to battle whichever Union army was active at the time. By doing this they had won most of the battles. Grant decided to coordinate his armies and defeat the confederates. His field armies would all engage the confederate field armies at the same time. This would pin down the smaller southern armies so the Union army could defeat them. Grant would personally lead the Army of the Potomac against Confederate general General Robert E. Lee and his Army of Northern Virginia. He would try to capture the capital of the confederacy, Richmond. Sherman would move his army against Johnston and capture the South's second largest city, Atlanta. If successful, it would shorten the war and get President Abraham Lincoln reelected that November. If they failed, Lincoln would lose the election and the southern states might break away permanently.

By 1864, the Confederacy knew they could not defeat the stronger Union army. But they could win the war by simply not losing to the North. They would keep fighting until the Union got tired of war and asked for peace. Lee had to defend Richmond and keep the Union army away. Johnson had to defend Atlanta and keep their supply lines open.
Sherman had over 100,000 men he divided into three field armies. Johnson had 53,800 men. At the last minute he received another 15,000 men making his the larger of the two main Southern armies. But it was still only about half the size of the Union army facing him. In the opening weeks of the campaign Sherman forced Johnston's confederates back from one place to another. Repeatedly Sherman moved two of his field armies against Johnston while a third army under James B. McPherson threatened the supply lines. McPherson's army was also used in flanking maneuvers. Sherman's combined armies kept moving towards Atlanta while Johnson's armies fell back. Finally Johnson retreated into Atlanta on July 9–10. Jefferson Davis the Confederate president, dismissed Johnson for not stopping the Union army. He gave command to John B. Hood, Johnson's second in command. Hood had little chance of succeeding. Sherman's army was five miles from the city when Hood took command.

Hood ordered his men to attack Sherman's army on July 20. The attempts failed and by July 22 Hood had lost 8,000 men to Sherman's losses of about 3,000. Hood retreated back into Atlanta again. Sherman set up his cannon and began a bombardment of Atlanta that would last a month. Then Sherman withdrew his armies leaving only a small force. Hood's army followed them to Jonesboro, Georgia. Sherman's army cut Hoods line of retreat back to Atlanta. The Battle of Jonesborough lasted two days and ended on 1 September. After taking heavy casualties what was left of Hood's army burned their supplies and ammunition and left Atlanta. Sherman then took Atlanta. This was a major loss for the confederacy. It almost guaranteed Lincoln's reelection. It also led to the next campaign, Sherman's March to the Sea.


Tjejtrampet

Tjejtrampet was an annual road bicycle racing event which, as the name tells, was open only for female participants. The event was held in Sweden by lagte May between 1990-2009. The race was held for first time on 13 May 1990. It was won by Marianne Berglund.

In 2006, the event were moved from the town of Stockholm to the town of Västerås.



Starke Taylor

Austin Starke Taylor, Jr. (July 2, 1922 – October 27, 2014) was an American politician. He served as Mayor of Dallas, Texas. Taylor was a member of the Republican Party. He served as mayor from 1983 to 1987. He was also a cotton investor. Taylor was born in Paris, Texas.

Taylor died at his home in Dallas on October 27, 2014, aged 92.

Paris, Texas

Paris is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is in Lamar County, Texas. It had a population of 24,476 in 2020. It has been called the "Second Largest Paris in the World". It has a replica of the Eiffel Tower.

Francisco Accioly Rodrigues da Costa Filho

Francisco Accioly Rodrigues da Costa Filho (Paranaguá, March 5, 1920 - Curitiba, November 13, 1979) was a lawyer, professor, and Brazilian politician. He was a Senator of the Republic between 1971 and 1978.


The Fall of Ideals

The Fall of Ideals is the third studio album by All That Remains. The album was released on July 11, 2006. It was the only studio album with drummer Shannon Lucas.

The song "Six" was featured in the 2006 video game, "Guitar Hero II".

The song "This Calling" was featured in the 2007 video game, "Rock Band", on the "Saw III" soundtrack and on the ""Masters of Horror II" soundtrack".

Brassica juncea

Brassica juncea is a species of the mustard plant. It is commonly known as mustard greens, Indian mustard, Chinese mustard, Kai Choi, and leaf mustard. Originally, it came from Asia, but it has also been imported into other parts of the world. 

Its leaves are commonly used as a vegetable. Its flowers can also be eaten raw, or cooked. Its seeds can be pressed into a vegetable oil or used as a kind of spice. The seeds are also used to make culinary mustard, especially Dijon mustard.

Recess (album)

Recess is the debut studio album by American electronic music producer, Skrillex. "Recess" was released on March 14, 2014. It was released through Big Beat Records, Asylum Records, and Atlantic Records.

The album debuted at #4 on the Billboard 200. Skrillex recorded the album while he was touring around the world, through countries such as the United States, Canada, South Korea, and the United Kingdom.

The album featured the singles "Try It Out" and "Recess".

Climbing plant

Climbing plants are plants which climb up trees and other tall objects. Many of them are vines or lianas. Their stems twine round trees and branches. 

There are various of ways of climbing. The climbing habit has evolved many times. In most cases the climbing plants were more diverse (had more species) than their non–climbing sister groups. 

It is a key innovation which has been very successful. Over 130 plant families include climbers. Vine species may be more than 40% of species diversity in tropical forests.

It has evolved independently in several plant families, using many different climbing methods: Botanists generally divide climbing plants into two broad groups:



The climbing fetterbush ("Pieris phillyreifolia") has a strange habit. It is a woody shrub vine which climbs without clinging roots, tendrils, or thorns. Its stem goes into a crack in the bark of fibrous barked trees (such as bald cypress). The stem flattens and grows up the tree "underneath" the host tree's outer bark. The fetterbush then sends out branches that emerge near the top of the tree.

Most vines are flowering plants. These may be divided into woody vines or lianas, such as wisteria, kiwifruit, and common ivy, and herbaceous (nonwoody) vines, such as morning glory.

One odd group of climbing plants is the fern genus "Lygodium", called "climbing ferns". The stem does not climb, but rather the fronds (leaves) do. The fronds unroll from the tip, and theoretically never stop growing; they can form thickets as they unroll over other plants, rock faces, and fences.



Flanking maneuver

In military tactics, a flanking maneuver (also called a flank attack), is an attack on the sides or rear of an opposing force. If a flanking maneuver succeeds, the opposing force would be surrounded or have to fight from two or more directions. This reduces the ability of the outflanked force to move or defend itself. Unlike an envelopment, which depends on the enemy's defensive position, any obstacles and the terrain, a flanking maneuver uses the enemy's forward movement to create an attackable flank. A psychological advantage may also be present. The confusion and threat from multiple directions can often cause shock and panic. This may cause soldiers to run from the battle. A larger-scaled tactical flanking is called a strategic flanking. This is where the targets of the flanking could be as large as divisions or even entire armies.

A flanking maneuver works best when an enemy is engaged at their front. Often an opposing force must be maneuvered into a position where a flanking attack would work. An ideal situation is getting them into a position where their front is narrow and the flanks are long. A classic example of a flanking maneuver was by Confederate general Stonewall Jackson against the Union Army of the Potomac at the Battle of Chancellorsville.



Lincoln Center

Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts is a group of building in New York city used for showing performing arts. It is a complex of buildings. The Lincoln Center is located in the Lincoln Square neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City. Henry Timms is the president. The Lincoln Square neighborhood was named for United States President Abraham Lincoln. 

A group of civic leaders led by John D. Rockefeller III built Lincoln Center. It was part of the "Lincoln Square Renewal Project" during Robert Moses's program of urban renewal in the 1950s and 1960s. Respected architects were contracted to design the major buildings on the site. Over the next thirty years the area around Lincoln Center became a new cultural hub.

Rockefeller was Lincoln Center's first president in 1956. He became its chairman in 1961. Rockefeller is credited with raising more than half of the $184.5 million in private funds needed to build the complex. The center's three buildings, Avery Fisher Hall (formerly Philharmonic Hall), David H. Koch Theater (formerly the New York State Theater) and the Metropolitan Opera House were opened in 1962, 1964 and 1966, respectively.

The center may have been named because it was located in the Lincoln Square neighborhood. It is unclear whether the area was named as a tribute to U.S. President Abraham Lincoln. The name was bestowed on the area in 1906 by the New York City Board of Aldermen. The records give no reason for choosing that name.

Mike Moustakas

Mike Moustakas (born September 11, 1988) is a Major League Baseball player for the Kansas City Royals. He is a third baseman.

List of shoe companies

This is a list of shoe companies.


Marc de Beauvau, 1st Prince of Craon

François Vincent "Marc" de Beauvau, 1st Prince of Craon (2 April 1676 - 10 March 1754), was a member of the powerful French House of Beauvau. He was a Prince of the Holy Roman Empire and known as the Prince of Craon. He also acted at Viceroy of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany. He was also the Prince of Beauvau but known better as the Prince of Craon. He and his wife were close friends with the then Duke and Duchess of Lorraine his wife later being the mistress of the duke. He was also made a "Grandee of Spain".

The future Prince of Craon was born in Nancy itself the capital of the Duchy of Lorraine in 1676. His father was a nobleman who held the title of Marquis. His mother was a lady of lower rank. He was a childhood friend of Leopold I of Lorraine the future duke of the smsll state. Marc and the duke were frequently together and the duke later awarded him the title of Marquisate of Craon. He later married Il on the 16 December 1704 at Lunéville, to Anne Marguerite de Ligniville (1686-1772), Countess of the Holy Roman Empire and later lady in waiting the Duchess of Lorraine and future mistress of Leopold I. He was later the governor of Francis I of Lorraine and it was in 1722 that the title of Prince of Beauvau was granted by the then Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor in 1722. Marc had also been instrumental in the marriage plans between Francis I of Lorraine and Maria Theresa of Austria. The future Holy Roman Emperor also made him a Prince of the Holy Roman Empire. He and his wife later had 15 children including the next Prince of Craon.

He and his wife had 15 children. two of whom were named after members of the Ducal family of Lorraine. 

Kit Carson Peak

Kit Carson Mountain is a mountain in Colorado. It is high. It is named after the American frontiersman Kit Carson.

Jason Vargas

Jason Matthew Vargas (born February 2, 1983) is an American professional baseball player. He plays for the Kansas City Royals. He joined the Florida Marlins in the 2004 MLB Draft. Vargas made his MLB debut in 2005. He recorded two career starts with the New York Mets in 2007 and was sent to the Seattle Mariners in 2009.

If You Were Still Around

"If You Were Still Around" is a song by Welsh musician and composer John Cale. It was co-written by John Cale and playwright Sam Shepard. It was originally released in 1982 on "Music for a New Society" album. The new version of the song was released in 2014 together with music video directed by Abigail Portner. The video was dedicated to Lou Reed who died one year before.

Tomasgårdens IF

Tomasgårdens IF was a floorball club at the Thomas Church in Västerås in Sweden. It was established as a club in 1982 following the 1978 establishment of a floorball team. The club was disestablished in 1999, when the club was merged with Västerås IBF. The men's team won the Swedish national championship in 1984. The men's team also played in the Swedish top division during the 1990's. In 1991, the men's team lost the Swedish national championship finals to IBK Lockerud.

KFUM Örebro

KFUM Örebro is an YMCA association in the town of Örebro in Sweden. It was established in 1890. In 1990 the club won the Swedish women's juniors national volleyball championship. Between 1996 and 2001 the club won the Swedish national women's volleyball championship during six seasons in a row.

The men's floorball team played in the Swedish top division during the 1990s.

Kolbäcks VK

Kolbäcks VK is a volleyball club in Kolbäck in Sweden. The club was established in 1948.

The club won the Swedish men's national volleyball championship in 1962, 1963 and 1965. In 1969, the club won the Swedish women's national volleyball championship in 1969. The club also won the Swedish men's national junior volleyball championship in 1974. In 1985 and 2003 the club won the Swedish men's junior national volleyball championship.


Kolbäck

Kolbäck is a locality in Hallstahammar Municipality in Västmanland County, Sweden. In 2010, 1,951 people lived there.

Samantha Power

Samantha Power (born September 21, 1970) is an Irish-born American academic and diplomat. Power is the 19th and current Administrator to the United States Agency for International Development since April 2021 under the Joe Biden administration. She was the United States Ambassador to the United Nations from 2013 until 2017 under the Barack Obama administration.

Power is listed as the 63rd most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes".

Power was born in Dublin, Ireland. She moved to Pittsburgh when she was nine. She graduated from Yale University in 1992.

Her book, "A Problem From Hell", which won the 2003 Pulitzer Prize in Nonfiction, examines the role and responses of the United States government in the genocides and ethnic conflicts of the 20th Century.

In January 2021, President-elect Joe Biden nominated Power to be the head of the United States Agency for International Development. In April 2021, her nominated was confirmed by the United States Senate with a 68 to 28 vote.

Edward J. Perkins

Edward Joseph Perkins (June 8, 1928 – November 7, 2020) was an American diplomat. He served as U.S. Ambassador to Liberia, South Africa, and the United Nations 1992-1993. He was later Director of the US State Department's Diplomatic Corps.

Perkins died on November 7, 2020 at a hospital in Washington, D.C. from a stroke at the age of 92.

John Bolton

John Robert Bolton (born November 20, 1948) is an American lawyer and diplomat. He was the 27th United States National Security Advisor from April 9, 2018 through September 10, 2019. He has served in several Republican administrations. Bolton served as the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations from August 2005 until December 2006 as a recess appointee by President George W. Bush. John Bolton advocated the second war with Iraq. He resigned in December 2006. 

On March 22, 2018, President Donald Trump announced his appointment as National Security Advisor, to take office on April 9, 2018.

On September 10, 2019, Bolton turned in his resignation to the Trump administration.

A member of the Republican party, his political views have been described as American nationalist, conservative, and neoconservative. Bolton rejects the last term.

Bolton has openly thought about the idea of running for president in the 2024 United States presidential election to win the Republican nomination against former President Donald Trump.

Vernon A. Walters

Vernon A. Walters (January 3, 1917 – February 10, 2002) was an American politician. He was a member of the United States Army. Walters was born in New York City, New York.

He served from 1972 to 1976 as Deputy Director of Central Intelligence, from 1985 to 1989 as the United States Ambassador to the United Nations and from 1989 to 1991 as Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Germany.


Jeane Kirkpatrick

Jeane Duane Kirkpatrick (née Jordan; December 19, 1926 – December 7, 2006) was an American politician. She served as the American ambassador to the United Nations. She served as Ronald Reagan's foreign policy adviser in his 1980 campaign and later in his Cabinet.

Kirkpatrick died of congestive heart failure caused by heart disease in Bethesda, Maryland, aged 79.


Edward Stettinius Jr.

Edward Reilly Stettinius, Jr. (October 22, 1900 – October 31, 1949) was an American politician. He served as United States Secretary of State under Presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman, serving from 1944 to 1945. He was also the first United States Ambassador to the United Nations.

Office of Management and Budget

The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) is the largest office within the Executive Office of the President of the United States (EOP). 

The Director of the OMB is a member of the executive office of the president. The main job of the OMB is to help the President in preparing the budget. The OMB also measures the quality of agency programs, policies, and procedures and to see if they comply with the President's policies.

Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency

The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency is the head of the United States federal government's Environmental Protection Agency. It is responsible for enforcing the nation's Clean Air and Clean Water Acts, as well as many other environmental statutes.

The Administrator is nominated by the President of the United States and must be confirmed by a vote of the Senate. The office of Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency was created in 1970 in legislation that created the Environmental Protection Agency.


Council of Economic Advisers

The Council of Economic Advisers (CEA) is an agency within the Executive Office of the President that advises the President of the United States on economic policy. The CEA provides much of the research for the White House and prepares the annual Economic Report of the President.

Samuel Pierce

Samuel Riley Pierce, Jr. (September 8, 1922October 31, 2000) was an American politician. He was Ronald Reagan's Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. He served as secretary from January 23, 1981 until January 20, 1989.


Hans Schneider (mathematician)

Hans Schneider (24 January 1927 - 28 October 2014) was an Austrian-American mathematician, and James Joseph Sylvester Emeritus professor at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He was the first president of the International Matrix Group (1987-1990) and it successor, the International Linear Algebra Society (1990 – 1996). 

Schneider was a founding editor (1968-1972) and then editor-in-chief of "Linear Algebra and Its Applications (1972 - 2012)". He was also an Advisory Editor of the "Electronic Journal of Linear Algebra". 

Schneider born in Vienna, Austria. He died of cancer at the age of 87.

Shin Hae-chul

Shin Hae-chul (6 May 1968 – 27 October 2014), also known by the nicknames Demon Lord (마왕) and Cult Leader (교주), was an avant-garde South Korean pop music performer. He was known for being a member of the pop group "N.EX.T".

Hae-chul died in Seoul, South Korea from a heart attack, aged 46.

The Elephants' Graveyard (1976)

The Elephants' Graveyard is a 1976 British drama television play. It was written by Peter McDougall for the BBC's "Play for Today". It stars Billy Connolly and Jon Morrison.

It was filmed in Greenock, Scotland. It was released on DVD in 2006.

The total running time is 49 minutes.

Two strange unemployed men meet in an old house in the woods. They find out that they both are pretending to work.

They spend the day together with drinking and deep conversations.

You get neither chance nor choice. You leave school and straight to work without even thinking about it. Then you get married without even knowing about it. Then spend the rest of your days using both as an excuse for never have done anything with your life.


Thittuvilai

Thittuvilai is a town panchayat situated 10-11 km north of Nagercoil passing Vadasery, Putheri, Erachakuzham, Navelkad, Eshathimangalam, Thuvarancaud. It is a panoramic village surrounded by mountains in all the three directions except south. The main attraction is Mukkoodal Dam which is the source of drinking water to Nagercoil and its adjacent villages. Until now this village is a standing example of religious harmony, the main population are Muslims but considerable percentage of Christians and Hindus are also living in perfect cooperation with each other.

The bus route from Nagercoil is 4, 4A, 4B, 4C, 4D, 4T, 318 etc.

Diane de Poitiers

Diane de Poitiers (9 January 1500 – 25 April 1566) was the mistress of Henry II of France.

Big Banana Feet

Big Banana Feet is a 1976 comedy documentary movie of Billy Connolly directed by Murray Grigor and David Peat.

They followed Billy on his 1975 Irish tour.


Blue Money

Blue Money is a 1985 British criminal comedy TV movie. It stars Tim Curry, Debbe Bishop and Billy Connolly. It was made for London Weekend Television.

Larry, a taxi driver, dreams of becoming a star.


Mastitis

"Mastitis" is an inflammation in the breast cells.


Coal Chamber

Coal Chamber is an American nu metal band from Los Angeles, California. The band formed in 1993.



Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood

Assassin's Creed Brotherhood is an action-adventure video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. The game was released on the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 in 2010. It was released on Microsoft Windows in 2011. Assassin's Creed Brotherhood is the third game in the Assassin's Creed series. 
Development for the game started some time after the release of Assassin's Creed II. An "Assassin's Creed game with multiplayer" was announced in 2009. But they did not reveal the name of the game. Someone who worked at GameSpot leaked a beta version of the game on Facebook and Twitter. Ubisoft later said that these were not fake.

The game starts when Ezio Auditore returns to Monteriggioni with his uncle, Mario Auditore. He is greeted back, and settles there. He is woken up by a siege on their village by the Borgias. 

Battle of Crete

The Battle of Crete was a battle fought in World War 2 between the Nazis and British Commonwealth soldiers with Greek support. It was fought from 20 May to 1 June 1941. The battle began in the morning of 20 May when German paratroopers began Operation Mercury. The battle was fought on the Greek island of Crete.

On the first day of fighting, the German paratroopers suffered heavy losses due to heavy anti-aircraft warfare and fierce ground fighting, but the British were confident that they would destroy the German invasion. Due to miscommunication and bad decisions, the Germans were able to capture an airfield, allowing them to transport supplies and reinforcements to Crete, and destroy the Allied forces defending the island.

This battle was the first time Hitler used paratroopers on a massive scale, and the first big airborne invasion in Military history, and the first time the Allies made significant use of intelligence from the German Enigma code, and the first time German troops encountered mass resistance from a civilian population. That was common later in the war. Losses were so great, that Hitler decided not to make any more big paratroop assaults.

Romualdas Granauskas

Romualdas Granauskas (18 May 1939 – 28 October 2014) was a Lithuanian author and dramaturge. He was born in Mažeikiai, Lithuania.

Granauskas started publishing his stories in 1954 in his collection "Medžių viršūnės" (eng. "Tops of the Trees") (1969), and in "Duonos valgytojai" (eng. "Bread Eaters") (1975). One of the main creations of Romualdas Granauskas is considered to be the novella "Gyvenimas po klevu" (eng. "Life Under the Maple Tree") (1988), which drew the whole society's attention. Nature, history and mythology are the topics of one of the most mature and sophisticated novellas of R.Granauskas "Jaučio aukojimas" (eng. "Sacrifice of a Bull") (1975).

Granauskas died in Vilnius on 28 October 2014, aged 75.

Koichiro Kimura

Kimura was known for his work in promotions like Dramatic Dream Team, W*ING, Fighting World of Japan Pro Wrestling and All Japan Pro Wrestling, among others. He was also involved in MMA, facing Rickson Gracie at the second event of Vale Tudo Japan and being the founder of the female MMA brands AX and G-Shooto. 

Kimura died of pneumonia on October 28, 2014.

Galway Kinnell

Galway Kinnell (February 1, 1927 – October 28, 2014) was an American poet. For his 1982 "Selected Poems", he won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry and split the National Book Award for Poetry with Charles Wright. From 1989 to 1993 he was poet laureate for the state of Vermont.

He was inspired by the works of Walt Whitman. His best-loved poems are "St. Francis and the Sow" and "After Making Love We Hear Footsteps". He also in favour with civil rights movement against racial segregation and opposed Vietman War.

Kinnell died in Sheffield, Vermont from leukemia, aged 87.


Michael Sata

Michael Chilufya Sata (6 July 1937 – 28 October 2014) was a Zambian politician. He was the fifth President of Zambia. He served as president from 23 September 2011 until his death on 28 October 2014.

Sata died in London, England, aged 77 on 28 October 2014.

Rupiah Banda

Rupiah Bwezani Banda (19 February 1937 – 11 March 2022) was a Zambian politician. Banda was the President of Zambia. He served as president from 2008 to 2011.

Banda died of colon cancer on 11 March 2022 in Lusaka, Zambia almost one month after his 85th birthday.

Armançon

The Armançon is a river in France. It is a right tributary of the Yonne river. It flows mostly through the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

Eight "communes" have the name of the river in their names: Aisy-sur-Armançon, Argenteuil-sur-Armançon, Brienon-sur-Armançon, Chailly-sur-Armançon, Montigny-sur-Armançon, Pacy-sur-Armançon, Perrigny-sur-Armançon, Saint-Martin-sur-Armançon.

The Armançon river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 28.90 cubic metres per second at Brienon-sur-Armançon in the Yonne department.

The source of the Armançon is in the natural region of "Auxois", about to the northwest of the town Meilly-sur-Rouvres, Côte-d'Or department, at an altitude of about .

The Armançon flows, in general, to the northwest and passes through the following regions, departments and "communes":


Finally, it flows, as a right tributary into the Yonne river at the limits of the "communes " Migennes and Cheny, in the Yonne department, at of altitude.

The main tributaries, with a length greater than 30 km, of the Armançon are (only right tributaries because the left tributaries are very short):



Charles Juste de Beauvau, 2nd Prince of Craon

Charles Juste de Beauvau, Prince of Craon (10 September 1720 – 21 May 1793), 2nd Prince of Craon (1754), Marshal of France (1783) was a French scholar, nobleman and general. The son of Marc de Beauvau, he was also brother of the famous "Madame de Boufflers" and through her uncle to the poet Stanislas de Boufflers.

Charles Juste was born at the Hôtel de Craon, Lunéville in the capital of the Duchy of Lorraine. His family were the most powerful in Lorraine after the ruling Duke of Lorraine. His mother, Anne Marguerite de Ligneville, was the mistress of Leopold, Duke of Lorraine, husband of Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans (niece of Louis XIV). He was the twelfth of twenty children.

He married twice; firstly on 3 April 1745 to Marie Charlotte de La Tour d'Auvergne (20 December 1729 – 6 September 1763), daughter of Emmanuel Théodose de La Tour d'Auvergne and his last wife Louise Henriette Françoise of Lorraine. The couple had one child who married into the Noailles family. Marie Charlotte died of smallpox aged 33 in 1763. The next year, on 14 March, he married again; this time to Marie Charlotte Sylvie de Rohan, a cousin of the Prince of Soubise. The couple had no children. Marie Charlotte Sylvie outliving her husband till 1807.

He entered military service for France and was made a lieutenant of the cavalry on 10 December 1738; colonel of the guard (Lorraine) on 1 May 1740 and distinguished himself under the leadership of the Duke of Belle-Isle at the Siege of Prague in 1742. Created a Brigadier on 16 May 1746 he was later created a Field marshal on 10 May 1748. He was later elevated to Lieutenant General on 28 December 1758. He gained further distinction in 1762 while serving in Spain.

He was named the Governor of Languedoc on 12 June 1747, he was later created the governor of Provence.

A Grandee of Spain, first class from 11 May 1754, he became a Knight of the Order of the Holy Spirit, the highest decoration in Ancien régime France (1 January 1757).

He had dealings with the Académie française. He kept a fashionable salon, keeping company with the likes of Jean Devaines, the philosopher Jean-François Marmontel, the poet Jean François de Saint-Lambert as well as his nephew Stanislas de Boufflers.

He was created a Marshal of France in 1783. In 1789, he served as the Secretary of State for War for six months. A supporter of reforms, he was untroubled by the French Revolution and died in his bed at the height of the "Reign of Terror".

The maréchal de Beauvau, died at the "Hôtel de Beauvau", his Parisian residence on the "Place Beauvau", named after him. The hôtel was built by the architect Nicolas Le Camus de Mézières around 1770 for Charles Juste. The Hôtel de Beauvau has housed the French Ministry of the Interior since 1861. He owned the Château du Val at Saint-Germain-en-Laye, a property later acquired by Benjamin Franklin.

His nephew Marc Étienne Gabriel de Beauvau (1773–1849) became the next Prince of Craon but better known as the Prince of Beauvau.

Anne Louise Marie de Beauvau, Mademoiselle de Beauvau (1 April 1750 – 20 November 1834) married Philippe Louis de Noailles, Prince of Poix and had children together.


Frederick Chiluba

Frederick Jacob Titus Chiluba (April 30, 1943 – June 18, 2011) was a Zambian politician. He was the second President of Zambia from 1991 to 2002.

Chiluba died on June 18, 2011 from heart failure, aged 68.

Guy Scott

Dr Guy Lindsay Scott (born 1 June 1944) is a Zambian politician. He was the acting President of Zambia. Scott served as Vice President of Zambia from 2011 to 2014. He became acting President after the death of Michael Sata on 28 October 2014. He became the first white President of an African country since apartheid South Africa's F. W. de Klerk and the first to be democratically elected (as VP on the ticket).

Scott's mother was an English immigrant; his father was a Scottish immigrant.

Klas Ingesson

Klas Inge "Klabbe" Ingesson (20 August 1968 – 29 October 2014) was a Swedish footballer and manager. He spent most of his career as a midfielder. Ingesson represented the Sweden national team on 57 occasions, including the 1990 and 1994 FIFA World Cup, as well as the 1992 European Championship. He was the manager of IF Elfsborg from 2013 to 2014.

On 29 October 2014, Ingesson died of the effects of multiple myeloma, aged 46.

Barranquilla

Barranquilla () is a city and municipality in northern Colombia. It is the capital of the Atlántico Department. With a population of 1,885,500 (2011), it is Colombia's fourth largest city after Bogotá, Medellín and Cali.

Flag of Zambia

The national flag of Zambia was created in October 1964.

It is completely covered in green, except with the black, orange, and red stripes at the right-hand corner. It has a golden eagle on top of the multi colored stripes. It has a ratio of 2:3.
The flag's colours and emblems all have a meaning. Each of the four colours represents an aspect of Zambia: green is for the natural resources and vegetation; red is for the struggle for freedom; black is for the people and orange is for rhe mineral wealth (primarily copper). The eagle is an African fish eagle, which also appears in the national coat of arms and represents the people's ability to rise above the country's problems.

Lleida Esportiu

Club Lleida Esportiu is a Spanish football team. It is based in Lleida, Catalonia. It was founded in July 2011. It plays in Segunda División B, Its home stadium, Camp d'Esports, can hold 13,500 people.

Lleida

Lleida (, , ) is a city in western Catalonia, Spain. It is the capital of the province of Lleida.

Flag of Uruguay

The national flag of Uruguay was created in July 1830.

It has a yellow sun on the top-left corner. The flag has nine stripes. Four of them are dark blue and five are white. The original flag had 16 stripes, but it was changed in December 1828. It has a ratio of 2:3.

Bucaramanga

Bucaramanga is the capital of Santander Department, Colombia. It has a population of 530,900 people.

Noguera

Noguera may refer to:


Noguera (comarca)

Noguera (, ) is a comarca (county) in the Province of Lleida, Catalonia, Spain. It is the largest comarca and its area represents some 5,56% of Catalonia. Its capital is Balaguer.

Populations are for 2001.


Barcelonès

Barcelonès () is a comarca (county) of Catalonia, Spain. Its capital is Barcelona, which is also the capital of Catalonia.

Population figures are for 2009 (source: Spanish INE).


L'Hospitalet de Llobregat

L'Hospitalet de Llobregat (), often shortened to L'Hospitalet (), is a municipality and city in Catalonia, Spain. It is located immediate southwest of Barcelona.

It is the second largest city in Catalonia and the 16th in Spain. 

Alicia von Rittberg

Alicia Gräfin von Rittberg (born 10 December, 1993 in Munich, Bavaria) is a German actress. She began with small roles in Dingsda and KiKA in the years 2000 and 2005.




San Sebastián

San Sebastián (; , ()) is a coastal city and municipality in the Basque Country, Spain. It lies on the coast of the Bay of Biscay, from the French border. It's the capital of Gipuzkoa. The municipality's population is 186,409 (2012). Locals call themselves "donostiarra" (singular), both in Spanish and Basque.

Topik

Topik or topig is an Armenian dish. It is like a vegetarian meatball. It has a chickpea based paste and is usually mixed with potatoes or flour. It has surrounding filling of onions, nuts, and currants. It is flavored with herbs, spices, and tahini.

Atlético Junior

Club Atlético Junior, also known simply as Junior, is a Colombian football club from Barranquilla, that currently plays in the Categoría Primera A. They play their home games at the Esatdio Metropolitano Roberto Melendez.



Maja Dramadol

Derman Dol (, , ) is a top of the Halja mountain in Montenegro and Kosovo. This mountain reaches a height of 2,120 metres and is on the west side of the Halja.

Kilcullen

Kilcullen (Irish: Cill Chuilinn) is a village in County Kildare, Ireland. As of 2011, 3,473 people live in Kilcullen.

Mullingar

Mullingar (Irish: An Muileann gCearr) is the county town of County Westmeath. As of 2011, 20,103 people live in Mullingar.

Hyacinthe Rigaud

Hyacinthe Rigaud (18 July 1659 – 29 December 1743) was a French Baroque painter. He was of Catalan origin. He was from Paris. He was known for his oil paintings.

Bridegroom

Bridegroom (full title: Bridegroom: A Love Story, Unequaled) is a 2013 American documentary movie. The movie is about two gay men. It was directed and produced by Linda Bloodworth-Thomason. "Bridegroom" premiered at the 2013 Tribeca Film Festival on April 23, 2013. The movie gained a lot of press coverage. This was because former president Bill Clinton introduced the movie at the festival.
The movie won the festival's Audience Award for Best Documentary Movie. "Bridegroom" also received the 2014 GLADD Media Award for Outstanding Documentary alongside "Call Me Kuchu". The movie aired on television on October 27, 2013 on "The Oprah Winfrey Show". 
The movie was released on Netflix and on DVD on November 19, 2013. "Bridegroom" got very positive reviews. It has an 89% "fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes. On Metacritic, the movie has an 85/100 rating.

"Bridegroom" talks about the story of Shane Bitney Crone and his same-sex partner Thomas Lee "Tom" Bridegroom who died in a tragic accident. After Bridegroom's death, Crone is not given any legal protection. The movie tells the story of their 6-year-long relationship. It also talks about Crone's struggles after Bridegroom's death. Crone faces Bridegroom's family not allowing Crone to attend the funeral of his life partner.


First Dog

First Dog is a 2010 American family movie staring Eric Roberts.

The dog of the President of the United States is lost. A kid who lives in a foster home finds it and make it his mission to bring it back to the White House.

The movie follows Danny on his difficult and dangerous journey.



Belubula River

Belubula River is a perennial river in the central west region of New South Wales, Australia. It flows into the Lachlan River, which is part of the Murray-Darling basin.

The Belubula begins near Vittoria, between Bathurst and Orange. It flows south and west, joined by eight smaller streams. It flows into Carcoar Lake before reaching its mouth at the Lachlan River, east of Gooloogong. It drops over its course of .

The name comes from the Indigenous Australian word for "stony river" or "big lagoon". The first people to live by the Belubula River are the Wiradjuri clan.

Towns on the Belubula River, from its source towards its mouth, include Blayney, Carcoar, and Canowindra.


To Heal a Nation

To Heal a Nation is a 1988 drama television movie that tells the true story of Jan Scruggs (played by Eric Roberts), a decorated veteran of the Vietnam War. The movie was directed by William A. Graham.

The movie was made available on video on January 6, 1993.

In 1979, Scruggs is working for the US Department of Labor. He becomes obsessed with the dream of erecting a monument to the people who died in Vietnam.



To the North of Katmandu

To the North of Katmandu is a 1986 British comedy movie. It was filmed in Katmandu, Nepal.

Max Boyce takes part in the 1985 World Elephant Polo Championships in Katmandu, Nepal.


Perennial stream

A perennial stream or perennial river is a stream or river (channel) which always flows in some parts all year round during years of normal rainfall. Perennial streams are different to intermittent streams; which normally stop flowing for weeks or months each year. They are also different to ephemeral streams that flow only for hours or days after rainfall. During unusually dry years a perennial stream may stop flowing. In a drought, they may not flow for months. The differences between perennial, intermittent, and ephemeral streams are not exact and can change if different measures are used by different groups.

In dry weather it may not be possible to see the water flowing, or see any water at all. In streams with gravel, sandy or rock bottoms, the water may be flowing beneath or between the rocks. In biology, a stream is flowing if there is enough water to support aquatic life, including fish and gill-breathing amphibians, benthic insects, crustaceans, and mollusks. These can live in a shallow flow beneath rocks or logs. The flow may be so small that it can not be measured by stream flow measurement instruments.

Ramie

Ramie ("Boehmeria nivea") is a flowering plant in the nettle family Urticaceae, native to eastern Asia. It is a herbaceous perennial growing to 1–2.5 m tall.

Ramie is one of the oldest fibre crops, used for at least six thousand years. It is mainly used for fabric production. Ramie is normally harvested two to three times a year but under good growing conditions can be harvested up to six times per year. Unlike other fibre crops, ramie needs chemical processing to de-gum the fibre.

China leads in the production of ramie and exports mainly to Japan and Europe. Other producers include Japan, Taiwan, the Philippines, and Brazil. Only a small percentage of the ramie produced is available on the international market. Japan, Germany, France and the UK are the main importers, the remaining supply is used domestically.

Trio me' Bumba

Trio me' Bumba' is a band established at Södermalm in the town of Stockholm in Sweden in 1957. They broke through in 1963 with the song "Spel-Olles gånglåt", charting for 30 weeks at Svensktoppen. One of their most famous songs is "Man ska leva för varandra" from 1968.

Anthony Duclair

Anthony Duclair (born August 26, 1995) is a Canadian ice hockey left winger. He currently plays for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the New York Rangers, Arizona Coyotes, Chicago Blackhawks, Columbus Blue Jackets, and Ottawa Senators. He was born in Montreal, Quebec, and he grew up in Pointe-Claire, Montreal, Quebec.

Before playing in the NHL, Duclair played 3 seasons with the Quebec Remparts of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). During his time with the Remparts, Duclair was able to score 50 goals in 59 games during the 2013–14 QMJHL season. Due to his impressive feat, he was named to the QMJHL First All-Star Team.

He was drafted 80th overall by the New York Rangers in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. On January 2, 2014, he was signed to a three-year entry-level contract as a free agent by the New York Rangers. On October 27, 2014, Duclair scored his first NHL goal against Darcy Kuemper of the Minnesota Wild.

On March 1, 2015, the Rangers traded Duclair to the Arizona Coyotes along with John Moore and two draft picks, in exchange for Keith Yandle and Chris Summers. On October 14, 2015, Duclair scored his first NHL career hat-trick in a 4–0 shutout win against the Anaheim Ducks.

Aneuploidy

Aneuploidy is a condition where the nucleus of a cell has one or a few chromosomes more or less than the usual number in the species. It is a common cause of genetic disorders. Aneuploidy occurs during cell division when the chromosomes do not separate properly between the two cells. 

Aneuploidy often causes birth defects and miscarriages. Birth defects make up about 3% of births in the United States. Among those who survive birth, Down syndrome is the most common form of aneuploidy. Many with Down syndrome do survive to adulthood. Some cancer cells also have abnormal numbers of chromosomes. The aneuploid theory of cancer suggests that aneuploidy is a cause of cancer rather than a result of it. 


Anson Carter

Anson Carter (born June 6, 1974) is a Canadian retired ice hockey right winger. He played for the Washington Capitals, Boston Bruins, Edmonton Oilers, New York Rangers, Los Angeles Kings, Vancouver Canucks, Columbus Blue Jackets, and the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the HC Lugano of the National League A (NLA). He was born in Toronto, Ontario, and he grew up in Scarborough, Ontario.

Before playing in the NHL, Carter played 4 years of college hockey with the Michigan State University Spartans. During his time with the Spartans, Carter was named to the CCHA First All-Star Team in 1994 and 1995, the Second All-Star Team in 1996, and the NCAA West Second All-American Team in 1995.

He was drafted 220th overall by the Quebec Nordiques in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft. On April 3, 1996, the Nordiques' successor, the Colorado Avalanche, traded him to the Washington Capitals in exchange for a fourth-round pick in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft. He made his NHL debut in the 1996–97 NHL season and he split his time between the Capitals and their AHL-affiliate, the Portland Pirates.

On March 1, 1997, the Capitals traded Carter along with Jim Carey, Jason Allison and their 3rd round choice (Lee Goren) in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft to the Boston Bruins in exchange for the Bill Ranford, Adam Oates and Rick Tocchet. After he spent parts of 4 seasons with the Bruins, they traded him along with Boston's 1st (Aleš Hemský) and 2nd (Doug Lynch) round choices in 2001 NHL Entry Draft to the Edmonton Oilers for Bill Guerin and one of their first round picks (Shaone Morrisonn). During his second season with the Oilers, Carter was able to record career-highs in assists (32) and points (60).

The Oilers traded Carter along with Aleš Píša to the New York Rangers in exchange for Radek Dvořák and Cory Cross on March 11, 2003.

After the 2002–03 NHL season ended, Carter was chosen to play Team Canada in the 2003 World Championships. After 14 minutes into the first overtime of the gold medal game against Sweden, Carter scored on Swedish goaltender Mikael Tellqvist with a wraparound goal. The goal was challenged for several minutes before the replays confirmed that Tellqvist had stopped the puck behind the goal line. The win gave Canada their first World Championship win in five years.

Carter played half a season with the Rangers. On January 23, 2004, the Rangers traded Carter back to the Capitals in exchange for Jaromír Jágr. His second stint with the Capitals only lasted for 19 games before he was traded to the Los Angeles Kings for Jared Aulin on March 8, 2004. He only played 15 games for the Kings.

After he became an unrestricted free agent, Carter signed a one-year deal with the Vancouver Canucks on August 16, 2005. During his time with the Canucks, Carter played on the second offensive line with identical twins Henrik and Daniel Sedin, where the trio were known informally as the "Brothers Line". He also set a career high in goals with 33, leading the team, and he earned the Canucks' Most Exciting Player Award. Carter and the Canucks had a contract dispute and he did not resign with them.

On September 13, 2006, Carter signed a one-year contract with the Columbus Blue Jackets. He played 1 season with the Blue Jackets. Columbus traded Carter to the Carolina Hurricanes for Carolina's fifth-round pick (Tomáš Kubalík) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft on February 23, 2007.

Carter rejoined the Edmonton Oilers on a try-out basis during their training camp in September 2007. He played one exhibition game with them before he was released on October 2, 2007. Carter decided to travel to Switzerland and signed with HC Lugano of the National League A (NLA). Carter retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2008.

Carter founded Big Up Entertainment, a record label that specializes in hip hop music in March 2005.


Bob Geigel

Robert "Bob" Geigel (October 1, 1924 – October 30, 2014) was an American professional wrestling promoter and also a professional wrestler. 

Geigel ran the NWA Central States promotion between 1963 and 1986, until it was bought out by Jim Crockett Promotions. He was also president of the National Wrestling Alliance for most of the years 1978 to 1987.

Geigel died on October 30, 2014 of Alzheimer's disease in Kansas City, Missouri, aged 90.

Thomas Menino

Thomas Michael Menino (December 27, 1942 – October 30, 2014) was an American politician. He served as the 53rd Mayor of Boston, Massachusetts (1993–2014). He was the city's longest-serving mayor. Before becoming mayor, the Boston native was a member and President of Boston City Council.

Menino died in Boston, Massachusetts from cancer of unknown primary origin, aged 71.


The Boy Next Door

The Boy Next Door is an American psychological thriller movie. It was released in January 2015. It was directed by Rob Cohen. The movie was written by Barbara Curry. The movie stars are Jennifer Lopez, Ryan Guzman, John Corbett and Kristin Chenoweth.

After separating from her husband, a woman has a one-night stand with her new 19-year-old neighbor.



Coyote Ugly

Coyote Ugly is an American romantic comedy/drama movie. It is based on the real Coyote Ugly saloon. The movie is set in New York City. The movie stars Piper Perabo and Adam Garcia. It was directed by David McNally. The movie was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and Chad Oman. It was written by Gina Wendkos.

Violet Sanford (Piper Perabo) leaves her hometown of South Amboy, New Jersey. She leaves to New York City to pursue her dreams of becoming a songwriter. Violet is not successful in finding someone to hire her at any recording studios. She mistakenly believes that Kevin O'Donnell (Adam Garcia) is a bar owner. She gives him a tape of Violet's demo recordings. She later finds out after his boss reveals his true identity. When Violet returns home, she finds out that her house was robbed. With only a few dollars on her, she goes to an all-night diner. There she sees three girls Cammie (Izabella Miko), Rachel (Bridget Moynahan), and Zoe (Tyra Banks). The girls are showing off hundreds of dollars in tips they earned. She then finds out that they work at a bar called Coyote Ugly.

Violet convinces the bar owner Lil (Maria Bello) to give her an audition. Violet's first audition does not go well. However, after breaking up a fight between two customers, Lil agrees to give her a second chance. At her second audition, she throws a bucket filled with water to the fire warden. This cost Lil $250. In order to keep her job, Violet had to make up $250 in one night. Kevin turns up at the bar. He then is auctioned off to one of the women in the bar. Violet and Kevin begins a relationship.

Kevin tries to help Violet overcome her stage fright. He does this so she can sell her music. Violet is fired from the bar after Kevin gets into a fight at the bar. Violet returns to New Jersey for her best friend's wedding. When she returns, her father is sent to the emergency room after he was involved in a car accident. Violet performs at an open mic night at the Bowery Ballroom with the "Coyotes". Her father, her best friend, and Kevin arrive there for support. The performance goes well. She finally lands a deal with a record label. The movie ends with LeAnn Rimes singing Violet's song.



Girl on the Edge

Girl on the Edge is an American drama movie. It is based on the novel of the same name that is based on real life events. The movie is a direct-to-video production. It stars Taylor Spreitler. The movie was directed by Jay Silverman.

Awards: 48th Annual Worldfest-Houston International Film Festival 2015, Best Editing: Lauren Connelly

Independent Filmmakers Showcase 2015, Best Cinematography: Andrew Russo DP

Independent Filmmakers Showcase 2015, Best Actress: Taylor Spreitler

Hannah Green is a troubled teenage girl. She drinks, does drugs and lies about her age on a dating website. She meets up with a stranger from the internet who assaults her. Her family decides to take her to a camp based on a Cheyenne principle called Maheo or higher being where girls of her age try to recover from their emotional trauma. Hannah is upset with this decision and does not want to go. At the camp Hannah forms healthy friendships with other girls of her age. She is also guided by kind, caring counselors who introduce Hannah to a horse named Betsy, a difficult horse. Hannah forms a bond with Betsy that allows her to heal. With the help of her new friends, the caring adults in her life and Betsy, we watch as Hannah and all of her friends move toward healing. We also get the perspective of her father and stepmother as they try to heal from Hannah's trauma.

The movie is an excellent example of friendship, unconditional love from parents and love from community. It is an inspirational movie for teens and adults alike. It is geared for older teens as some of the topics are not suitable for younger audiences.

Taylor Spreitler - Hanna Green

Peter Coyote - Hank Taylor

Gil Bellows - Jake Green

Amy Price-Francis - Anne Green

Shane Graham - Tommy Miller

Elizabeth Pena - Esther

Amy Davidson - Ariel

Northampton railway station

Northampton railway station is a major station serving the town of Northampton in Northamptonshire, England. It is located on the Northampton loop, part of the West Coast Main Line. The station is served by London Midland services and run frequent between London Euston and Birmingham New Street and is also served by infrequent semi-fast Virgin Trains services to London Euston.

Taylor Spreitler

Taylor Spreitler (born October 23, 1993) is an American actress and former model. She played the role of Mia McCormic on the NBC soap opera "Days of our Lives". She appeared as Lennox Scanlon in the ABC Family sitcom "Melissa & Joey".


Will Jennings

Wilbur H. "Will" Jennings (born June 27, 1944 in Kilgore, Texas, United States) is an American songwriter. He is known for writing the lyrics for "My Heart Will Go On". The recording was used as the theme for movie "Titanic" (1997). He has been included into the Songwriter's Hall of Fame. He also won several awards including three Grammy Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, and two Academy Awards.

Jennings has received awards for writing lyrics to the following songs:



Colors of the Wind

"Colors of the Wind" is a song written by Stephen Schwartz. It was composed by Alan Menken. The song was for Walt Disney Pictures' 33rd animated movie "Pocahontas" (1995). The recording is the movie's theme song. It was originally recorded by American singer and actress Judy Kuhn. American singer Vanessa Williams' cover of the song was released as the lead single from the movie's soundtrack. The song is a pop ballad that is about respecting nature and living in harmony with the Earth's creatures. The song is recorded in the Native Americans point of view.

"Colors of the Wind" won the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 68th Academy Awards in 1995, becoming composer Alan Menken's fourth win in the category. It also won the Golden Globe in the same category as well as the Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Movie. 

Property Brothers

Property Brothers is a Canadian reality television show. It is co-produced by Nelvana and Cineflix. The show airs on CBC Television (Canada) and HGTV (US). It airs as My Dream Home in Austraila on LifeStyle Home and in New Zealand on ChoiceTV. The show is called Irmãos a Obra in Brazil on Discovery Home & Health and as La casa de mis sueños in Spain on Divinity and on Decasa. The show stars identical twin brothers Jonathan and Drew Scott (born 28 April 1978). They help home buyers buy and fix homes that needs more fixing than ready-to-move-in homes.


Sam &amp; Max: The Devil's Playhouse

Sam & Max: The Devil's Playhouse is a point and click game. It is the third season of the Sam & Max series. It was released in an episodic format, meaning the game is split up into episodes. The game was originally going to be released in 2009, but came out in April 2010. The game was shown off at GDC 2010, where they announced the final release date as April 15, 2010.

IGN gave the game a score of 8 out of 10. They said the first and last episodes were the weak points. 


Bride of Violence

Bride of Violence (original title: Vendetta: Secrets of a Mafia Bride) is a 1991 drama television movie. It was directed by Stuart Margolin. It is rated R.

A sequel called "Bride of Violence 2" was made in 1993.

A woman falls in love with the man who accidentally killed her father.Then the woman felt shy and pained.She decided that she will leave him.
But the boy come to her again and again and said that he didn't kill her father.But the woman didn't love him.
She started a job and living alone.
After a few years she came to know that his lover didn't kill her father.Then the woman felt shy and commit suicide.


Ravaillacz

Ravaillacz is a superquartet from Sweden. They participated at Melodifestivalen 2013 with the charting song ""En riktig jävla schlager"". The song ended up 10th. The group consists of Tommy Körberg, Claes Malmberg, Johan Rabaeus and Mats Ronander.

The group also appeared at Allsång på Skansen on 6 August 2013.

Lee Kings

The Lee Kings was a pop group from Sweden. The band was established in 1964 as Lenne & The Lee Kings. The band scored several hits at the "Tio i topp" chart.

The group originally consisted of Lenne Broberg, Bengt Dahlén, Bjarne Möller, Olle Nordström and Lasse Sandgren. In 1966, Olle Nordström left the band and was repalced with Mike Watson. In 1967, eveen Lasse Sandgren left the band and was repalced with Tony Walter, and for a while even Bengt Dahlén and Bjarne Möller, who was replaced with Johnny Lundin.



Paris Smith

Paris Smith (born February 1, 2000) is an American singer and actress. She is best known for her role in the Nickelodeon show Every Witch Way as "Maddie Van Pelt".

In 2013, she won a Young Artist Award in the category "Young Actress 11 and 12 in a Short Film" for her performance in "Scouted".


Grumpy Cat

Grumpy Cat (April 4, 2012 – May 14, 2019) was a famous cat on the internet. Her real name is Tardar Sauce. She became popular because she always looked unhappy or "grumpy".

Her owner said that her grumpy-looking face was due to feline dwarfism and the placement of her teeth in her mouth.

Grumpy Cat died at home on May 14, 2019 of a urinary tract infection.

Grumpy Cat, lived with her owner, Tabatha Bundesen, in Morristown, Arizona.

She was born on April 4, 2012, with "a flat face, bubble eyes, and a short tail". Her mom was a calico short haired cat and her father had grey and white stripes. Tardar Sauce was small for her breed and had hind legs that "were a bit different". Even though she had a grumpy expression all the time, she was calm and "actually really nice". Her brother, Pokey, who was born in the same litter, had the grumpy personality.

Her owners said Tardar Sauce was a normal cat "99% of the time". She was only allowed to have photos taken once a week. She could not be handled by people she did not know very often.

Grumpy Cat first became famous when Tabatha's brother posted some photos of her on Reddit, the social-news site. Then, other users made photoshopped parodies of the unhappy cat with grumpy sayings, such as: "‘I had fun once. It was awful’" and "‘Just put me down’".

Grumpy Cat has her own website. She has a Facebook page. She has a manager, Ben Lashes. He also represents Keyboard Cat and Nyan Cat. There are stuffed toy cats of her, t-shirts, calendars and mugs available for sale in stores and online. Many are featured on her website.

She appeared at the South by Southwest (SXSW) festival in Austin, Texas in 2013. She was shown in limited two-hour appearances every day.

Grumpy Cat was on the front page of "The Wall Street Journal" on May 30, 2013, and on the cover of "New York" magazine on October 7, 2013.

The cable news channel MSNBC named Grumpy Cat 2012's most influential cat.

In August 2015, it was announced that Grumpy Cat would get her own wax sculpture at Madame Tussauds in San Franscisco. An agent from Madame Tussauds in London said: "We're all very excited..." "She will launch there and then tour five other Madame Tussauds attractions in the US."

Grumpy Cat was shown in some episodes of the Friskies brand of cat food YouTube game show, "Will Kitty Play With It?" In September 2013, it was announced that Grumpy Cat would become the Official Spokescat of Friskies and sponsor their advertising. TMZ reported that Friskies paid for her to fly first class. They gave her a private hotel room with a king-sized bed, a personal assistant, a chauffeur, and all the Friskies food and bottled water she wanted.

On March 22, 2013, Grumpy Cat traveled to New York City to promote the Friskies game show. She appeared on "Good Morning America" and "Anderson Live" with Anderson Cooper. She also visited "Time" magazine for a photoshoot. Grumpy Cat was "interviewed" for a story in an issue of "Forbes" magazine. It was released on March 25.

In June 2014, news came out that the Lifetime television network would make a movie about Grumpy Cat. The name of the movie is "Grumpy Cat's Worst Christmas Ever", and it was first shown on the TV channel on November 29, 2014. Movie director Tim Hill wrote the script and the movie was made during the summer of 2014. Actress Aubrey Plaza did the voice acting for the Grumpy Cat character.


South Hams

South Hams is a district on the south coast of Devon, England, with its headquarters in the town of Totnes. The largest town in the district is Ivybridge. Part of Dartmoor National Park is in the district.

During World War II, part of South Hams was used by the Allies as training for the Normandy invasion.

James B. McPherson

James Birdseye McPherson (November 14, 1828 – July 22, 1864) was a Union Army major general during the American Civil War. He was killed at the Battle of Atlanta during the Atlanta Campaign.

McPherson was born in 1828 near Clyde, Ohio. He was the eldest son of William and Cynthia (Russell) McPherson who were farmers. To help his family, in 1841 at age 12, McPherson entered an apprenticeship at a general store. He became a clerk for Robert Smith. McPherson was raised and tutored along with Smith's children. His father died in 1847 and Smith paid for McPherson's education at Norwalk Academy. In 1849 Smith arranged an appointment to the United States Military Academy at West Point. McPherson spent much of his time tutoring his John Bell Hood. McPherson graduated in 1853, first in his class.

He secured a posting as a second lieutenant with the United States Army Corps of Engineers. He worked on improvements to New York Harbor. He was assigned to the building of Fort Delaware. McPherson then directed worked on fortifications on Alcatraz Island in San Francisco Bay. In 1858 he was a first lieutenant. In 1861 when the Civil war broke out, he raised a company of volunteers to fight for the Union. Now a captain went to Boston to supervise the construction of harbor defenses. His former commander helped him by making McPherson his Aide-de-camp and promoted him to Lieutenant colonel.

In early 1861 McPherson was assigned to the staff of general Ulysses S. Grant as an engineering officer. In 1862 he impressed his superiors and was assigned to supervise military railroads in Mississippi. In this position he was a brigadier general of volunteers. After the Battle of Corinth McPherson was promoted to the rank of major general (8 October 1862). He became commander of Seventeenth Corps in the Army of the Tennessee. At the Battle of Raymond a small force of Confederates attacked his 10,000 man column. They were almost completely destroyed before they realized their mistake. He commanded his corps at the Siege of Vicksburg. 
In January 1864 he succeeded general Sherman as commander of the Army of the Tennessee. As part of Sherman's Atlanta Campaign, on several occasions his army threatened the enemy's supply lines. McPherson's army was also used in flanking maneuvers. Sherman's combined armies kept moving towards Atlanta while the confederate armies, under Joseph E. Johnston, fell back. Finally Johnston retreated into Atlanta on July 9–10. Jefferson Davis the Confederate president, dismissed Johnston for not stopping the Union army. Davis gave command to general John B. Hood, McPherson's friend and former roommate. Hood had little chance of succeeding. Sherman's larger army, including McPherson's Army of the Tennessee, was five miles from the city when Hood took command.

On learning of Johnson's replacement by Hood, and knowing Hood as well as he did, McPherson readied his army for an attack by Hood's confederates. McPherson's Army of the Tennessee was holding Sherman's left flank. On 22 July 1864, Hood directed his attack against McPherson's army. The battle went on for several hours. During a break in the fighting McPherson saw a gap developing in the Union lines. He rode out with a staff officer to close the gap. He came upon confederate skirmishers who ordered him to surrender. He turned and spurred his horse to escape, but was shot and killed. His body was returned to the Union lines for burial. Both Sherman and Hood mourned his death. McPherson was the second highest ranking Union officer killed in the civil war. He was buried in his hometown of Clyde, Ohio. Five years after his death President Rutherford B. Hayes presided over a ceremony where a bronze statue was placed over his grave.


Army of the Tennessee

The Army of the Tennessee was a Union field army during the American Civil War. It fought in the Western Theater. It was named after the Tennessee River. It is not the same as the Army of Tennessee, which was a Confederate army named after the state of Tennessee.

The name of "Army of the Tennessee" was first used in March 1862. It was used for the army commanded by Ulysses S. Grant. The army was commanded by Grant from 1862 until late summer 1863. At that time Grant was promoted to command of all of the Union armies in the Western Theater. Then the Army of the Tennessee was commanded by William T. Sherman. On August 1, 1863 when Sherman was given command of all armies in the west, James B. McPherson took command of the Army of the Tennessee. On July 22, 1864 McPherson was shot and killed by Confederate skirmishers as his army prepared to capture Atlanta. He was temporarily replaced by John A. Logan. General Oliver O. Howard then took command of the Army of the Tennessee.

The Army of the Tennessee fought in several of the largest battles of the Civil War, including the Battle of Shiloh, the Siege of Vicksburg, and the Battle of Bentonville. It played a large part in the Atlanta Campaign and fought in the Battle of Atlanta. The Army of the Tennessee marched in Washington, D.C. in the final grand review. On July 28, 1865 at Louisville, the last units were mustered out.


Tony Kaye

Tony Kaye (born 11 January 1945) is an English musician career whose career began in 1968. He is best known as the keyboard player of Yes.


Rock art of the Iberian Mediterranean Basin

Rock art of the Iberian Mediterranean Basin, or Levantine art, is a group of over 750 prehistoric sites. They were declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1998. 

The sites are in the eastern part of Spain. They show rock art from the Upper Paleolithic or (more likely) Mesolithic periods of the Stone Age. 

The art is small painted figures of humans and animals. The earliest phases are of animals only. They are the most advanced and widespread examples from this period, certainly in Europe. It is notable for the number of places included, the largest concentration of such art in Europe. Its name refers to the Mediterranean Basin. However, while some sites are near the sea, many of them are inland in Aragon and Castile-La Mancha. "Levantine Art" here means "from Eastern Spain", not the Levant region).

Nick Cave

Nicholas Edward "Nick" Cave (born 22 September 1957) is an Australian musician, songwriter, author, screenwriter, composer and movie actor.

Cave was born in Warracknabeal, Victoria and grew up in Wangaratta, Victoria.

He is best known as lead singer of the rock band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. The Bad Seeds began in 1983 and are known for their interesting and different musical styles. Cave had previously been the lead singer of the gothic band, The Birthday Party. This group was well known for its challenging songs and violent sound. Their music was influenced by free jazz, blues, and punk. In 2006, Cave started a garage rock band Grinderman, and recorded their first album, Grinderman (album) in 2007. Cave's music is very emotional with many different musical influences. His songs are about religion, death, love and violence. In the early 2010s, the "NME" called him "the grand lord of gothic lushness".

Cave was added to the ARIA Hall of Fame in 2007. The ARIA Awards chairman Ed St John said, "Nick Cave has enjoyed—and continues to enjoy—one of the most extraordinary careers in the annals of popular music. He is an Australian artist like Sidney Nolan is an Australian artist—beyond comparison, beyond genre, beyond dispute."

Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds

Grinderman

Deaths in November 2014

The following is a list of notable deaths in November 2014. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



David Manker Abshire

David Manker Abshire (April 11, 1926 – October 31, 2014) was an American politician. He served as a Special Counselor to President Ronald Reagan and was the U.S. Ambassador to NATO from 1983-87. Abshire was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

In July 2002, he was elected President of the Richard Lounsbery Foundation of New York. He was a member of the exclusive Alfalfa Club.

Abshire was a Republican and the author of seven books, the most recent being "A Call to Greatness: Challenging Our Next President", which was published in 2008. Abshire was married and had five children.

He was a member of the advisory council of the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation and sat on the advisory board of America Abroad Media.

Abshire died on October 31, 2014 in Alexandria, Virginia from pulmonary fibrosis, aged 88.

Hitoshi Motoshima

On October 31, 2014, Motoshima died at the age of 92 in Nagasaki, Japan from natural causes.

Bridges to Babylon

Bridges to Babylon is the 23rd American studio album by English alternative rock/blues rock band The Rolling Stones. The album was released on September 30, 1997. It was second studio album of label Vrigin Records.

Dijon mustard

Dijon mustard is a kind of culinary mustard that was first prepared around the town of Dijon, in eastern France. Dijon mustard was first prepared in the 18th century. 

Properly, it is made from black mustard seeds, but commercially brown mustard is often used. In the original recipe, citric acid was used for its preparation. Commercially, this is often replaced by vinegar. Salt is also added. The oil in the mustard seeds is not removed. 

Dijon mustard is not especially hot compared with English mustard. However, it is hotter than Bordeaux mustard, which is pretty mild. 

Dijon mustard is used for many recipes in French cuisine. As an example, the original mayonnaise recipe uses Dijon mustard.

Jumper

Jumper was a pop group in Kristinehamn, Sweden. The group active between 1996 and 2001. The group scored single chart successes in Sweden with songs like "När hela världen står utanför", "Tapetklister", "Välkommen hit" and "Miljonär".

The band won a 1996 Rockbjörnen award in the category "Swedish group of the year".


Christer Sjögren

Christer Sjögren (born 6 April 1950 in Hagfors, Sweden) is a Swedish dansband and rock singer. He is well known for earlier being the lead vocalist of Swedish dansband Vikingarna.

Witold Kiełtyka

Witold "Vitek" Kiełtyka (January 24, 1984 – November 2, 2007) was a Polish musician. He was best known as the drummer and percussionist for the Polish technical death metal band Decapitated. He was also the younger brother of bandmate Wacław "Vogg" Kiełtyka. Besides Decapitated, Kiełtyka also worked for the death metal bands, Dies Irae and Panzer X.

On October 29, 2007, while the band was traveling to a show in Gomel, Belarus, they and the other band that was on the tour bus, Crionics, were involved in an accident. The tour bus that was carrying the two bands, hit a truck that was carrying wood. The accident left both Kiełtyka and Adrian Kowanek with serious head injuries.

Both Kiełtyka and Adrian Kowanek were rushed to a hospital in Novozybkov, Russia. On November 1, 2007, Kiełtyka's family released a statement that said that his condition had improved. He underwent trepanation and was supposed to be transported to a hospital in Kraków, Poland, for further treatment. However, on November 2, 2007, Kiełtyka died from his injuries at the age of 23.

The Imitation Game

The Imitation Game is an American biographical thriller drama movie. The movie was first shown at a movie festival on August 29, 2014. It was released on November 28, 2014. It is about Alan Turing, a computer scientist who was prosecuted for his homosexuality. Benedict Cumberbatch plays Turing. Keira Knightley plays Joan Clarke. It also stars Charles Dance. The reviews of the movie were positive. Rotten Tomatoes gave it an audience rating of 94%.

The Pelican Brief (movie)

The Pelican Brief is a legal thriller movie from 1993. The movie is about a law student making a document and showing it to a law professor. Julia Roberts plays Darby Shaw. Denzel Washington plays Gary Grantham.

The movie received mostly mixed reviews from critics. It was released on December 17, 1993.

The Secret Garden (movie)

The Secret Garden is a 1993 fantasy drama movie. This movie is about the unloved child of an English couple during the 19th century. Kate Maberly plays the child. Maggie Smith plays Mrs. Medlock.

This movie was released on August 13, 1993 in the United States.

Clyde, Ohio

Clyde is a city in Sandusky County, Ohio, United States. The population was 6,294 at the 2020 census. The National Arbor Day Foundation has designated Clyde as a Tree City USA. Clyde was named after Clyde, New York, the hometown of an early resident.

The town is known for having served as the setting for Sherwood Anderson's 1919 collection of short stories "Winesburg, Ohio ".


National Tiger Conservation Authority

The National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) is an organisation that supports the conservation of tigers in India. It was started in December 2005 by the Prime Minister of India.

Croatian Spring

Maspok (after "Masovni pokret" (Croatian), i.e. Mass movement) or the Croatian spring was a nationalist and secessionist rebel movement in the Socialist Republic of Croatia, Yugoslavia during 1971. The movement's demands were initially around the exclusion of the use of the Serbian language and the exclusive use of the Croatian language in Croatia (even though Serbian and Croatian are considered dialects of the same language), declaration of Croatia as a national state of Croats and Croatia as a successor to the medieval Croatian kingdom. Maspok's ultimate goal was an independent Croatian state. The Maspok movement was supported by a lot of Croatian Communists and the Ustaše emigration in the West.

There were three basic points the Maspok used to attack the federal government of Yugoslavia: distribution of Croatia's tourism revenue in other parts of Yugoslavia, the amount of money Croatia contributed to the underdeveloped Yugoslav republics, and the question of the official Croatian language in Croatia. Maspok demanded recognition of the Croatian language as the official language in Croatia, and the end of the Serbian language in Croatia. Maspok insisted on cultural differences between Croats and other ethnic groups in Yugoslavia. . "Matica hrvatska" (a Croatian cultural organization) and "Hrvatski tjednik" (Croatian Weekly newspaper) published a draft constitution for the new Croatian state. "Matica hrvatska" published in November 1971 a full list of the Maspok's demands:


"Matica hrvatska" cancelled work on the Serbo-Croatian dictionary and rejected the Novi Sad Agreement (about the common Serbo-Croatian language). The Novi Sad Agreement based Serbo-Croatian language orthography was replaced by the Croatian language orthography written by S. Babic, B. Finka, and M. Mogus and printed by the "Matica hrvatska" in the same 1971 year. Zagreb University provided broad public support to the Maspok political demands. The Zagreb University students staged mass demonstrations in Croatia in order to express their support to Maspok.

According to some historians, Maspok was an Ustaše insurgency in Yugoslavia mentored, guarded and supported by Savka Dabčević-Kučar, Miko Tripalo and Pero Pirker, the political leadership of the Croatian Communist League. The Croatian Communist League general secretary, Miloš Žanko, publicly denounced the destructive nationalism of "Matica hrvatska", Dabčević-Kučar, Tripalo, and Pirker. Žanko, on the Tenth plenum of the Croatian Communists (January 1970) accused Dabčević-Kučar, Tripalo, and Piker claiming that these three worked along with "Matica hrvatska" against Yugoslav socialism and on the destabilization of Yugoslavia. With Josip Broz's approval and the Bakarić's help, Žanko was expelled from the Croatian Communist League on the same plenum. More strong opposition to Maspok came from the members of the Zagreb Praxis group (Rudi Supek, Milan Kangrga, most notably).

Some minor actions against Serbs in Croatia were demonstrated by defacing or destroying Cyrillic signs and by outbreaks of violence at soccer matches. The Croatian leadership persuaded Broz that they had the situation under control. When Broz visited Croatia in July 1971 the Croatian anthem was played after the Yugoslav one.

Josip Broz suppressed Maspok and, at the same time, made a great concession to Croatian nationalism. Broz allowed use of the Croatian language in Croatia and confederalized the Yugoslav Constitution in 1974, giving veto rights to the Yugoslav republics when attempting to change the Constitution. The 1974 Yugoslav Constitution was a source of a great dissatisfaction and concern of the Serbs in Yugoslavia. The Croatian Communist League leadership, Dabčević-Kučar, Tripalo, and Pirker were forced to resign from their state and Communist League positions and some of the Maspok leaders were arrested and imprisoned. Among the arrested Maspok leaders were Franjo Tuđman and Bruno Bušić.

During the year of 1972. Broz removed from the politics and state affairs Serbian Communists Marko Nikezić and Latinka Perović, Slovene Stane Kavčič, and Macedonian Krste Crvenkovski. 

In order to please Croatian nationalists, Broz persecuted Serbian academics who pointed at the subordinated position of the Serbian people in Yugoslavia. The two leading Serbian intellectuals, Dobrica Ćosić (prominent Serbian writer) and Mihailo Đurić (Belgrade University Law School professor) questioned the justification of the Albanian autonomy in the historic Serbian province of Kosovo. They asked why the Serbs in Croatia did not have any autonomous status, and why Vojvodina had autonomous status despite the fact that most of the inhabitants were Serbs. These two intellectuals were publicly denounced by the Broz's regime and persecuted. Professor Đurić warned that at that time Serbia's status in Yugoslavia was highly discriminatory and that Serbia was mercilessly and unjustly accused for advocating centralism and unitarianism. Đurić warned further that it was forbidden to raise questions about responsibility of those who committed the genocide of Serbian people in the Independent State of Croatia during WWII. He said that the borders of the Socialist Republic of Serbia were not the national nor historic borders of the Serbs in Yugoslavia. The Prof. Đurić trial and verdict were the part of the Broz's regime political equilibrium in the time of the Maspok activity culmination in Croatia and the time of the Maspok's leadership trial and imprisonment.

Croatian Spring played a significant role in the drafting Yugoslav Constitution of 1974. The Constitution paralyzed the federal power of Yugoslavia by shifting the state administrative power to the Yugoslav republics. The Constitution, being insufficiently unclear and already the result of compromises with various nationalist groups in the republics and provinces, was a blueprint for secession.



John Forzani

John Forzani (April 5, 1947 – October 31, 2014) was a Canadian businessman, former Canadian Football League (CFL) player, and CFL team owner. He was the Chairman and co-founder of the Forzani Group. He was born in Calgary, Alberta. In 1971, he joined the Calgary Stampeders as an offensive lineman and was part of the winning team of the 59th Grey Cup. He played football until 1976.

Forzani died of a heart attack in Palm Springs, California, aged 67.

Lieutenant colonel

Lieutenant colonel is a rank of commissioned officer in the armies, most marine forces and some air forces of the world. It typically ranks above a major and below a colonel. The rank of lieutenant colonel is often shortened to simply "colonel" in conversation and in unofficial correspondence. A lieutenant colonel is typically in charge of a battalion in the army.

Fattoush

Fattoush (Arabic: فتوش) is a Palestinian salad. It includes toasted or fried pieces of pita bread, combined with chopped raw vegetables. A sauce with a slightly sour taste is put on the salad.

Garlic knot

Garlic knots are a type of bread with garlic. They are usually found in pizza places around the New York City and in other areas. They were first made in 1973 by people who wanted to use pastry left over from cooking pizza.

Assassin's Creed: Revelations

Assassin's Creed: Revelations is a 2011 stealth video game made by Ubisoft. It is a sequel to . It is the last game that had Ezio Auditore as a playable character. The game is set in Constantinople (modern day Turkey).

The game got very good reviews, and sold many copies. The game got an 80 out of 100 average from Metacritic. The game sold a million copies in one month. It has sold over 7 million copies overall.

Lieutenant general

Lieutenant general or lieutenant-general (abbrev Lt Gen, LTG etc.), is a military rank (NATO code OF-8). It is used in many countries. The rank traces its origins to the Middle Ages where the title of lieutenant general was held by the second in command on the battlefield. The lieutenant general was normally subordinate to a captain general.

In modern armies, lieutenant general normally ranks directly below a general and above a major general. It is equivalent to the navy rank of vice admiral. In air forces with a separate rank structure, it is equivalent to air marshal. In the US Army a lieutenant general usually commands an army corps. 

In a number of countries, the rank of lieutenant general is the highest army rank in use. In Latvia and Lithuania, the chief of defence is a lieutenant general. In the Irish Defence Forces and Israeli forces, the Chief of Staff holds this rank.

Warracknabeal

Warracknabeal is a small town in the north west of Victoria. It is on the banks of the Yarriambiack Creek, 330 km north-west of Melbourne, It is the business and services centre of the northern Wimmera and southern Mallee districts, and hosts local government offices of the Shire of Yarriambiack. In 2011 there were about 2,745 people living in the local area. 

The first people to live in the Warracknabeal area were the Wotjobaluk, a group of Aboriginal people. The town's name is believed to be an aboriginal word meaning "place of big gums shading the water hole". The earliest European settlers in the area included Andrew and Robert Scott, who started a large sheep farm named Warracknabeal.

The Post Office opened on 1 September 1861 and was known as "Werracknebeal" until 1885.

There are several historic buildings, including an 1872 prison cell built from red and yellow gum, a Tudor-style post office, several 19th century hotels, and a four storey water tower from 1886. There is also farm machinery museum which shows the history of farming in the Mallee and Wimmera districts.

The Warracknabeal area includes:

The town has four doctors and one pharmacy. The hospital is run by Rural Northwest Health.

The town has four schools: 

The town has an Australian rules football team (Warrack Eagles) which plays in the Wimmera Football League.

Warrack Eagles Netball Club plays in the Wimmera Netball Association.

The town also has a Yarriambiack Tennis Association. The town's teams consist of Bangerang, Cannum and Ailsa.

The horse racing club, the Wimmera Racing Club, has around six race meetings a year at Warracknabeal including the Warracknabeal Cup meeting in February.

It also has the Sheep Hills Race Club, which schedules two race meetings a year, including the Sheep Hills Cup meeting in February.

Golfers play at the Warracknabeal Golf Club.

Warracknabeal also has a Cricket team (St Marys Cricket Club) which plays in the Wimmera Mallee Cricket Association. 

Warracknabeal has three hockey teams, a senior men's team known as Hoops a women's team, and a mixed junior team called Revengers.

Warracknabeal is home of the Shire of Yarriambiack. It is also the administrative centre. The council offices are located in Lyle Street.

The former town hall and theatre complex (built 1939-40), added to the Victorian Heritage Register in 2009, is now used for civic purposes.

YFest includes an Easter Saturday Street Parade, a three day Vintage Machinery Rally at Wheatlands Museum, four day Golf Tournament, three day Art Show, Easter Saturday Race Meeting and Waterski Spectacular. 
The Easter Y-Fest began in 1988 and is organised by the Y-Fest Promotions Committee Inc. This Committee, made up of representatives from each of the individual event committees and Council.


Gustau Biosca

Gustavo Biosca Pagés (29 February 1928 – 1 November 2014) was a Spanish football player and manager. Biosca played as a defender for España Industrial, Barcelona and Condal. He was born in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Catalonia, Spain.

He made his international debut for Spain in 1951, earning a total of 11 caps, including 2 in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches. As a coach he managed Pontevedra, Sant Andreu, Real Valladolid, Sabadell, the Spanish under-21 national team and Terrassa.

Biosca died on 1 November 2014, at the age of 86 in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.

Germain Gagnon

Joseph Adrien Germain Gagnon (December 9, 1942 – October 26, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played 259 games in the National Hockey League. He played for the Montreal Canadiens, Chicago Black Hawks, Kansas City Scouts, and New York Islanders. Gagnon was born in Chicoutimi, Quebec, Canada.

Gagnon died after a long illness in Chicoutimi, Quebec, Canada, aged 71.

Rachel Makinson

Kathleen Rachel Makinson (née White) (15 February 1917- October 2014) was an Australian research scientist. She held a number of prominent positions within CSIRO. She began work in the Division of Textile Physics in 1953, and was a senior principal research scientist from 1971-1977.

She was the first woman to become a chief research scientist at CSIRO (1977-1982). From 1979-1982 she was the assistant chief of the division, also the first woman to hold such a position.

In 1981, she was elected a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering; in 1982 she was made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM).

Makinson died in Sydney, Australia from natural causes, aged 97.

Jean-Pierre Roy

Jean-Pierre Roy (June 26, 1920 – November 1, 2014) was a Canadian baseball player in Major League Baseball. He pitched in three games during the 1946 season for the Brooklyn Dodgers. He was born in Montreal, Quebec.

Roy died on November 1, 2014 at his home in Tampa, Florida, United States. He was 94.

Ontario Highway 10

Ontario Highway 10, also called King's Highway 10, is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It is 136.6 kilometers (84.9 miles) long. The highway starts at the northern end of Highway 410 near Caledon. It then goes northwestward through the town of Orangeville, where it connects with the western end of Highway 9. It also passes through Shelburne, where it shares a road with Highway 89 briefly. The northern end of Highway 10 is in Owen Sound, where it ends with Highway 6, Highway 21, and Highway 26.

Ontario Highway 26

Ontario Highway 26, also called King's Highway 26, is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It goes along the southern shoreline of Georgian Bay. It starts in Owen Sound with the intersection of Highway 6, Highway 10, and Highway 21. It then goes eastward and ends in Barrie at the intersection with Highway 400.

Highway 26 is 113.7 kilometers (70.6 miles) long. It is part of a major transportation link, along with Highway 400, between the Greater Toronto Area and Georgian Bay.

Jiang Zemin

Jiang Zemin (; 17 August 1926 – 30 November 2022) was a Chinese politician. He was General Secretary of the Communist Party of China from 1989 to 2002, Chairman of the Central Military Commission from 1989 to 2004 and President of the People's Republic of China from 1993 to 2003.

Aaron Brooks (basketball)

Aaron Jamal Brooks (born January 14, 1985 in Seattle, Washington) is an American professional basketball player. He currently plays for the Indiana Pacers of the NBA. He was selected 26th overall in the 2007 NBA Draft. He won the NBA Most Improved Player Award for the 2009–10 season. He also played for the Houston Rockets, Denver Nuggets, Phoenix Suns, and Sacramento Kings.


Ontario Highway 400

Ontario Highway 400, also called King's Highway 400, is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It runs mostly north and south and is 226 kilometers (140 miles) long. It goes between Toronto and Carling.

Wayne Static

Wayne Static (Wayne Richard Wells; November 4, 1965 – November 1, 2014) was an American musician, and the former lead vocalist, guitarist, keyboardist, and music sequencer for the metal band Static-X. 

He released his first solo studio album, Pighammer, on October 4, 2011. He married porn star Tera Wray in 2008. Static died on November 1, 2014 from a drug overdose in Landers, California. He was 48 years old.

Ghostface (Scream)

Ghostface is a fictional serial killer and the main villain of the "Scream movie franchise". He is wearing a white mask with a shocked/surprised expression. He also wears a black robe. He was created by Wes Craven.

He has a rough voice. He is voiced by Roger L. Jackson. Different people play Ghostface throughout the movie because they pretend to be the original killer. He kills people in the Hollywood-area. He uses a large hunting knife as a weapon.

His appearance is inspired by the painting The Scream.

Klaus Iohannis

Klaus Werner Iohannis () (born 13 June 1959, Sibiu, Romania) is a Romanian politician, since December 2014 he is the President of Romania. Since 2000 he has served as mayor of Sibiu. He was re-elected in 2004, 2008 and 2012. In February of 2013 he joined the PNL. He was immediately made vice-president that party. On 28 June 2014 he was made president of PNL (after Crin Antonescu quit).

Iohannis is a Transylvanian Saxon by ethnicity. This is one of the oldest German minority group in Romania. Saxons settled in Transylvania (then part of the Kingdom of Hungary) in the 12th century. He is a physics teacher by profession.

Abdus Salim Khan

Abdus Salim Khan, also known as Khan Sahib (28 December 1907 – 12/13 July 1957) was an early Pakistani diplomat. He served as Pakistan's ambassador in Ceylon (now called Sri Lanka) and Japan. He also served as Consul-General in the United States, posted at New York and later as Pakistan's Deputy High Commissioner (a type of special ambassador) to the United Kingdom. Khan died sudddenly in July 1957, while on duty in London, United Kingdom.

He was the son of Khan-sahib Abdul Majid Khan Tarin, OBE, and husband of Begum Mahmooda Salim Khan.

Jimmy Ruffin

Jimmy Lee Ruffin (May 7, 1936 – November 17, 2014) was an American soul musician. He was the older brother of David Ruffin from The Temptations. Ruffin has had many records between the 1960s and 1980s. His most successful single is "What Becomes of the Brokenhearted".

He was born on May 7, 1936 in Collinsville, Mississippi. His brother was born 2 years later. He first started singing with the gospel group, mostly on sessions but he also recorded singles for Miracle label. Ruffin was then drafted for national service. After he left the Army in 1964, Ruffin returned to Motown and was offered the opportunity to join the Temptations to replace Elbridge Bryant. They instead hired Ruffin's brother David after hearing him. Jimmy decided to continue his solo career and recorded for the Soul label, but he didn't have much success.

In 1966, after hearing a song about unrequited love written for The Spinners, he persuaded the writers that he should record it himself. Ruffin's recording of "What Becomes of the Brokenhearted" became a major success. It was able to peak at #7 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and #6 on the R&B Chart. It remains as his most well known song. 

On October 17, 2014, it was reported that Ruffin was gravely ill and was taken into an intensive care unit in a Las Vegas hospital. Ruffin died on November 17, 2014 in Las Vegas, aged 78.

Patherdanda

Patherdanda is a small village of Rupandehi District, Nepal. It lies on Tilottama Municipality. It is at the mid point of the business hub Butwai and Sunauli. It is also known as STONEHILL.

Charles de Beauvau, Prince of Beauvau

Charles Juste François Victurnien, de Beauvau, Prince of Craon (1793–1864) was a French military man and senator under Napoleon III. He was a member of the House of Beauvau. He was known as the Prince of Beauvau. Because of his father's rank of Prince of the Holy Roman Empire, he succeeded to those titles on his fathers death in 1849. He married twice. He had four children including the next Prince of Beauvau. Politically he was a member of the Bonaparte party which sought to restore the Bonaparte family to the French throne. Though legally the "Prince of Craon", he was known by his other title "Prince of Beauvau".

Charles was born on 7 March 1793 at Sunninghill in Berkshire. His parents, Marc Étienne de Beauvau, Prince of Beauvau and Nathalie de Rochechouart, were in exile in England from the French revolution. 

The family returned to France. In 1810, Charles entered the French Army during the Napoleonic Wars. He became an officer of carabiniers two years later, during the campaign against Russia. He was nominated senator. He was elected Councillor-General of the Meurthe in 1854.

On 9 June 1815, Charles married Lucie Virginie de Choiseul (1794-1834). They had the following children: 

On 2 April 1839, Charles married Eugénie "Ludmille" Alexandrine Joséphine Komar (1820-1881). They had the following children:


Battle of Atlanta

The Battle of Atlanta (22 July 1864) was a major battle of the American Civil War. The battle was part of the Atlanta Campaign directed by Union Army general William Tecumseh Sherman. The city of Atlanta was a major supply center, railroad hub and symbol of the Confederate States of America. Its loss proved to be a major blow to the Confederacy and led to the end of the Civil war.

The war had been going on for three years when Ulysses S. Grant was given overall command of the Union Army. While a much smaller army, the Confederates had been moving their forces to battle whichever Union army was active at the time. By doing this, they had won most of the battles. Grant decided to coordinate his armies and defeat the confederates. His field armies would all engage the confederate field armies at the same time. This would pin down the smaller southern armies so the Union army could defeat them. Grant would personally lead the Army of the Potomac against Confederate general Robert E. Lee and his Army of Northern Virginia. He would try to capture the capital of the confederacy, Richmond. Sherman would move his combined armies against the Confederate Army of Tennessee led by General Joseph E. Johnston. One of Sherman's goals was to capture the South's second largest city, Atlanta. If successful, it would shorten the war.

By 1864 President Abraham Lincoln was in political trouble. When elected in 1860 Lincoln had won a majority of the Electoral College votes. But he only won 39.8% of the popular vote. He was probably the least popular president when he took office in 1861. Seven southern states had broken away and formed the Confederate States of America. On April 12, 1861, the Civil War began. The war had gone badly for the Union. Even though they had a much larger army, they had lost a number of battles. By 1864 Lincoln needed some victories if he wanted to be reelected that November. If successful, the Atlanta Campaign could guarantee Lincoln would remain president.

The Atlanta Campaign began on 6 May 1864. Sherman had over 100,000 men he divided into three field armies. Johnston's army was only about half the size of the Union army facing him. Sherman used his larger army in a series of battles to push Johnston back. He used two of his armies facing Johnston's Army of Tennessee. The third army was used in flanking maneuvers. Finally, Johnston retreated into Atlanta on July 9–10. Johnston's strategy had been to "trade space for men and time". He would not commit his army to a major battle but delayed and harassed Sherman every chance he got. It took Sherman 72 days to march his armies only 100 miles. Johnston's plan was to slow down and wear out the Union army and make them tired of fighting. But Jefferson Davis, the Confederate president, dismissed Johnston for not stopping the Union army. He gave command to John B. Hood, Johnston's second in command.

When Hood took over command of the Army of Tennessee, Sherman was only five miles from Atlanta. Hood was the most aggressive general the confederacy had. He intended to defend Atlanta. On July 20 Hood's army attacked Union general George Henry Thomas's Army of the Cumberland. John Schofield's Army of the Ohio and James B. McPherson's Army of the Tennessee were both moving around the Confederate right and could not help Thomas. But Thomas's army stood fast. The Confederates withdrew after losing 2,500 killed or wounded. Hood next attacked on 22 July. He threw his entire force against McPherson's Army of the Tennessee on Sherman's left flank. The battle started about noon and lasted until midnight.

During the fighting general Dodge (the author) could see a gap in the Union lines. He sent messengers to warn the commanders to move to close the gap or the Confederates would break through. Apparently General McPherson saw the same gap. He rode out with a staff officer to close the gap. He came upon confederate skirmishers who ordered him to surrender. He turned and spurred his horse to escape, but was shot and killed. At one point the Union line broke. But cannon fire from Schofield's Army of the Ohio and a counterattack drove the Confederates back. Hood lost about 8,000 (killed, wounded and missing) to 3,722 Union losses. After the battle Hood fell back to defend Atlanta. He had little to show for his attacks except a high casualty rate the Confederates could not afford.

Sherman set up his cannon and began a bombardment of Atlanta that would last a month. Then Sherman withdrew his armies leaving only a small force. As intended, Hood's army followed them to Jonesboro, Georgia. Sherman's army destroyed the railway tracks back to Atlanta. The Battle of Jonesborough lasted two days and ended on 1 September. After taking more heavy casualties, what was left of Hood's army burned their supplies and ammunition and left Atlanta. Sherman then took Atlanta. This was a major loss for the confederacy. It almost guaranteed Lincoln's reelection. The Battle of Atlanta marked the halfway point in the Atlanta campaign.


Hyperthermia

Hyperthermia is a high body temperature. It happens when a person is not able to control their body temperature. This can happen for many reasons, like very hot weather, fever, and some medicines or illegal drugs.

Doctors define hyperthermia as a body temperature that is over 101 degrees Fahrenheit (equal to 38.3 degrees Celsius). This is higher than the average human body temperature, which is normally around 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit (37 degrees Celsius). When a person gets hyperthermia, they can have "heat-related injuries", where the high body temperature hurts the body.

There are three forms of heat-related injuries caused by hyperthermia: heat cramps (the least serious), heat exhaustion, and heat stroke (the most serious).

All types of hyperthermia can be caused by the same things. Some common causes are:

Other things that make a person more likely to get hyperthermia, especially if they are exercising or working, include:

Heat cramps are the least serious form of hyperthermia. (A "cramp" is a sharp pain caused by a muscle getting tighter and shorter.)
The major symptoms of heat cramps are:

People with heat cramps usually do not need medical treatment. The best treatments for heat cramps are:

Heat exhaustion is more serious than heat cramps. If affects the whole body instead of just certain muscles, like heat cramps.

Symptoms of heat exhaustion may include:

People with heat exhaustion may need medical treatment.

First aid for people with heat exhaustion includes:
If a person with heat exhaustion gets medical treatment, EMTs or doctors may:

Heat stroke is a medical emergency. If it is not treated quickly enough, it causes brain damage and death. It is one of the most common causes of death in sports that can be prevented.

Heat stroke happens when a person gets so hot that their body cannot do anything to bring their temperature down. The body has tried every strategy it has to cool itself down. But the body is so hot that none of those strategies work any more. This causes the body temperature to rise very quickly. The body gets so hot inside that its tissues, especially the brain, get damaged. Usually, people with heat stroke have a body temperature of 104 degrees Fahrenheit or higher. The brain cannot survive for long at these temperatures. Heat stroke can very quickly cause damage to the brain, heart, kidneys, and muscles.

Often, the first signs of heat stroke are:

As heat stroke gets worse, symptoms that can kill the person start to appear. For example:

People with heat stroke always need emergency medical treatment as soon as possible. If a person might have heat stroke, 9-1-1 or another emergency telephone number should be called right away. The emergency medical dispatcher can explain what to do to help the person until an ambulance gets there.

Once the person with heat stroke gets to an ambulance or a hospital, treatments for heat stroke may include:

The prognosis for people with heat stroke depends on how high their body temperature got, how quickly their body temperature increased, and how quickly they got treatment.

Up to 80% of people who do not get treatment for heat stroke right away die. But cooling people with heat stroke down right away, and getting them treatment very quickly, can change this so that only 10% die. But some people who survive have brain damage or other health problems caused by their heat stroke.

Samsung Galaxy

Samsung Galaxy is a series of mobile devices made by Samsung. Most of them are smartphones and tablet computers that run Android, an operating system made by Google. New models come out every year.

The first Samsung Galaxy phone came out in June 2009. There are many different models of phones. Each of them is different, such as in the size of their screens or what features it has, but the best of them is the Galaxy S series. The most recent Galaxy S phones are the Samsung Galaxy S23, S23+ and S23 Ultra, which were all released in February 2023. Of the other Galaxy phones, the now-discontinued Galaxy Note series has a bigger screen and a stylus pen. The most recent of these, the Galaxy Note 20 and Note 20 Ultra, were both released in August 2020.

The first Samsung Galaxy Tab came out in September 2010. The most recent are the Galaxy Tab S9, which all announced in August 2023. Like the phones, there are different models of Galaxy tablets, which can have screen sizes from 8 inches all the way up to 16 inches. Some models have keyboards that plug into the device to make it easier to type, while others have a stylus, like the Galaxy Note phones. Also, although most of the Galaxy tablets use Android, some of the newer ones, such as the Galaxy TabPro S, use Windows 10 instead.

Samsung also made smartwatches under the Galaxy brand. The first of these was the Galaxy Gear, which came out in September 2013. The company has since made some new models, including the Galaxy Gear Live in June 2014, but later ones are branded as Samsung Galaxy Watch and Samsung Galaxy Active. The most recent is the Galaxy Watch 6.

Besides their own products, Samsung also made the Nexus S and Galaxy Nexus phones, and the Nexus 10 tablet. These are all part of Google's own Nexus series of phones. Unlike Samsung's own phones, they have no extra mobile apps added or changes made to the user interface.

Sucker Punch (movie)

Sucker Punch is a 2011 fantasy and action movie. It is about a young woman put in a mental institution. She plans to escape the hospital. Emily Browning plays Babydoll. Jena Malone plays Rocket. Abbie Cornish plays Sweet Pea.

This movie was released on March 25, 2011. It had a PG-13 rating. 

Supply depot

A Supply depot is a type of military installation used to store military supplies. They are usually near the front lines so they can provide supplies to their military units. Supply depots store and distribute the equipment and supplies a military needs to operate. These are often kept in buildings called warehouses. Modern supply depots do not typically store ammunition. Because of the dangers of storing live ammunition and explosives they are kept separate in an ammunition dump. Supply depots are usually run by a logistics officer. He or she is responsible for getting supplies to units who need them when they need them. Supply depots are often the targets of enemy raids. By destroying an enemy's supplies, it hurts their ability to fight.

Cyclone Hudhud

Cyclone Hudhud was a very severe cyclonic storm. The storm originated in the northern Indian Ocean. The cyclone killed over 100 people across India. Its winds were near 130 mph. It struck in October 2014.

The cyclone caused $11 billion (USD) in damage.

Kerrin Petty

Kerrin Petty-Nilsson, born 6 January 1970 in Townsend, Vermont, USA, is a US-Swedish cross-country skier. She represented the USA during the 1994 Olympic Winter Games in Lillehammer and in Nagano in 1998. She won the 1998 women's main compeition of Vasaloppet. She also won the unofficial women's compeitions in 1994 and 1996.

In 1996, she won the Swedish women's 30 kilometers national championship.

Petty-Nilsson now works as an environment and health-protection inspector of Forshaga Municipality. 


Laila Kveli

Laila Kveli, born 22 October 1987 in Trondheim in Norway, is a Norwegian cross-country skier. She ended up second in the women's main compeition of Vasaloppet in 2012. She also won the same competition in 2013 and 2014.

2nd place, Vasaloppet

1st place, Vasaloppet

2nd place, Marcialonga

3rd place, König-Ludwig-Lauf

1st place, Vasaloppet

1st place, Tjejvasan


Ulrica Persson

Ulrica Persson, born 7 March 1975, is a Swedish cross-country skier. She won the women's main competition of Vasaloppet in the years of 2001 and 2003. She also won Tjejvasan in 2003.


Anders Larsson

Anders Larsson is a Swedish former cross-country skier. He was born on 3 October 1961 in Karlstad, Sweden. During his career, he represented Bondsjöhöjdens IK in club competitions.

He also participated at the 1984 Olympic Winter Games in Sarajevo. There, he finished 39th in the 50 kilometres race. He also won Vasaloppet in 1987. In 1982 he was awarded the Sixten Jernberg Award.

Jessica Lowndes

Jessica Lowndes (born November 8, 1988) is a Canadian actress. She acts in both movies and television. She played Laurel in "The Haunting of Molly Hartley". She also played Tamara in "The Devil's Carnival". She is also a musician and singer-songwriter

She was born in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Paddington (movie)

Paddington is a 2014 comedy movie based on Michael Bond's Paddington's book series. It is about a young bear from Peru who travels to London to look for a home. Ben Whishaw voices Paddington. Nicole Kidman plays Millicent. Hugh Bonneville and Sally Hawkins plays Mr. and Mrs. Brown. Imelda Staunton plays as the voice of Aunt Lucy. Michael Gambon, Matt Lucas, Peter Capaldi and Geoffrey Palmer are also in the movie.

The movie was released on November 28, 2014 in the United Kingdom, and on January 16, 2015 in the United States. A sequel was released in late 2017.

Elias Nilsson

Elias Nilsson (born 1 April 1910 in Stugun, Sweden, died 9 November 2001 in Lit, Sweden) was a Swedish cross-country skier. In 1938, he won the Vasaloppet.

Elin Pikkuniemi

Elin Eugenia Pikkuniemi, born 15 August 1895 Vojakkala, Sweden, dead 7 May 1988 in Trönö, Sweden, was a Swedish cross-country skiier and a primary schoolteacher.

She was referred to as the "first skiing queen of Sweden". She was one of the most successful female Swedish cross-country skiers during the late 1910s and early 1920s. She competed for IFK Haparanda, winning five 10 kilometers Swedish national championships between 1918 and 1922. During the late 1920s she competed for Järla IF During the 1930s she competed for Hietaniemi SK.

During the Swedish Sports Confederation's 50th anniversary in 1953, Svenska Dagbladet hosted a voting over Sweden's greatest sportspeople, where circa 500 readers voted, chosing between 150 sportspersons. Among them were Elin Pikkuniemi as the only female.

Verner Lundström

Verner Lundström (born 30 January 1901 in Arvidsjaur, Sweden; died 18 October 1983 in Glommersträsk, Sweden) was a Swedish cross-country skier. In 1930 he won the Vasaloppet competition..

Paddington Bear

Paddington Bear is a fictional character in children's literature. He first appeared on 13 October 1958. He was in over 20 books by Michael Bond. Paddington Bear is a polite bear from Peru. He rarely calls people by their first names. 

Paddington books have sold over 30 million copies worldwide. A movie based on the book was released in 2014 with Ben Whishaw voicing Paddington.

Paddington is considered a kind and friendly bear and is taken care of by the Browns once moved to London in the movies. His signature style is a blue duffle coat, red hat (of which was his uncle's) and an old battered suitcase.

Alfred Lif

Alfred Lif (26 March 1908 – 16 May 1980) was a Swedish former cross-country skier. In 1935, he won the Swedish 50 kilometers national championship. In 1939, he won the and Vasaloppet competition.

He also competed in alpine skiing. He participated in the Swedish alpine skiing national championships of 1937.

Håkan Westin

Håkan Westin (born 21 July 1964 in Ed Parish, Sweden) is a Swedish former cross-country skier. He won Vasaloppet in the years of 1993 and 1996. He is also, 15 generations backwards in time, ancestor of Gustav Vasa.

Håkan Westin is the brother of another Swedish cross-country skier, Marie-Helene Östlund.


Hans Wilhelmsson

Hans Wilhelmsson, (February 14, 1936 – January 5, 2004) was a Swedish speed skater. In club competitions, he represented IF Castor. Outside his sporting carrier, he worked as a car salesman, insurance-person and bank director.



Elin Ek

Elin Ek, born 31 August 1973 in By, Sweden, is a Swedish cross-country skier. She participated at the 1998 Olympic Winter Games in Nagano, the 2002 Olympic Winter Games in Salt Lake City and the 2006 Olympic Winter Games in Turin. Elin Ek won Tjejvasan in 1999 and 2006. and the Vasaloppet main women's event in 2007. She also won the women's Worldloppet, which she did during the 2006/2007 season.

She also won the Swedish national championships at the distances of 10 kilometers in 2006, 30 kilometers in 2003 and 2004, and pursuit in 2003 and 2004, skiathlon in 2007 and sprint in 2003. In 2008, she was also part of IFK Mora's team, winning the relay event.


Henrik Eriksson

Henrik Eriksson, born 1974, is a Swedish former cross-country skier. In club competitions, he competed for IFK Mora.

He compted at elite level between 1994 and 2006. He participated at Vasaloppet several times, In 2001, he won Vasaloppet. In 2002, he ended up 9th at Vasaloppet and in 2004 he ended up 10th in the same event.


José, Prince of Brazil

Infante José of Portugal, Prince of Brazil, Duke of Braganza (20 August 1761 – 11 September 1788) was the heir apparent to the Kingdom of Portugal until his death in 1788, as the eldest child of Queen Maria I of Portugal and King Pedro III of Portugal. He was also the Prince of Beira but better known as the Prince of Brazil. 

José died of smallpox at the age of 27, causing his younger and ill-prepared brother, Infante João, to become heir-apparent and eventually King. João's reign would be a turbulent one, seeing Napoleonic invasion of Portugal and the loss of the Portuguese Empire's largest and wealthiest colony, Brazil.

José was born at the "Real Barraca" where the Palace of Ajuda in Lisbon stands today. He was named after his grandfather who was the ruling King of Portugal at the time of his birth. His grandfather created him "Prince of Beira", this being the first time when the title was given to a male.

At the time of his birth, his parents were the Prince and Princess of Brazil, his mother the Heir presumptive of the king.

On 21 February 1777, he married his 30-year-old aunt the Infanta Benedita of Portugal. José was 15 years old. Benedita was an attractive woman and the main candidate for the wife of José. The marriage was the great wish of king José.

They had no children. Benedita miscarried twice, in 1781 and in 1786. Three days after their wedding, José's grandfather and Benedita's father the old King José died, and his mother succeeded as queen in her own right. Infante José became the new crown prince, being accorded the titles Prince of Brazil and 14th Duke of Braganza.

José died at the age of 27 of smallpox. Upon José's death, his younger brother Infante John became heir-apparent to the throne and thus the new Prince of Brazil. José died on the Ajuda Royal Complex in Lisbon. His mother and wife were very badly affected by his death. His wife would be known as the "Dowager Princess of Brazil" till her death in 1829.
José is buried in the Royal Pantheon of the House of Braganza in Lisbon, the resting place for most of the members of the House of Braganza.


Sandra Hansson

Sandra Hansson, born 1980, is a Swedish, cross-country skier. She won the women's main Vasaloppet event in the years of 2008 av 2009. She has also been successful in roller skiing.

Susanne Nyström

Susanne Nyström, born 29 December 1982 in Laisvall, Sweden is a Swedish female cross-country skier and nurse.

She competes for Laisvalls SK. Earlier, she has competed for the clubs Mora SK, Arvidsjaur Ski Team, Luleå Gjutarens IF and Piteå Elit SK.

She won Tjejvasan in 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2012 and 2013. She ended ended up second ad Tjejvasan 2011. In 2010, she won the women's Vasaloppet main competition. That year, she became the first to win Tjejvasan and the Vasaloppet main competition the same year.

She has also won several Swedish national championship gold medals.

Norman Bates

Norman Bates is a fictional character. He first appeared in a 1960 movie called "Psycho"

Norman Bates as a young man killed people in the hotel called "The Bates Motel". He killed his mother by poisoning her tea. After she was buried he dug her up and would talk to himself in her voice. He then was soon arrested.

Olle Häger

Olle Häger (19 September 1935 – 1 November 2014) was a Swedish journalist, television producer, writer and historian. Häger produced a large number of historical documentaries. In 1986, Häger and Villius were awarded the "Stora Journalistpriset". He was born in Söderala, Hälsingland, Sweden.

Häger died in Stockholm, aged 79.

Joel Barnett, Baron Barnett

Joel Barnett, Baron Barnett, PC (14 October 1923 – 1 November 2014), was a Labour Party politician. As Chief Secretary to the Treasury in the late 1970s, he created the Barnett Formula that fixed the amount of public spending in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.

Barnett died in Manchester, England, aged 91.

Acker Bilk

Bernard Stanley "Acker" Bilk MBE (28 January 1929 – 2 November 2014) was an English clarinettist and vocalist. He was known for his trademark goatee, bowler hat, striped waistcoat and breathy, vibrato-rich, lower-register clarinet style. Bilk's 1962 instrumental tune "Stranger on the Shore" became the UK's biggest selling single and his best known work.

Bilk died in Bath, Somerset, England, aged 85.

Veljko Kadijević

Veljko Kadijević (21 November 1925 – 2 November 2014) was a general of the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA). He was the Minister of Defence in the Yugoslav government from 1988 until his resignation in 1992, which made him the "de facto" commander of the JNA during the Ten-Day War in Slovenia and the initial stages of the Croatian War of Independence.

Bottom trawling

Bottom trawling is trawling (towing a trawl, which is a fishing net) along the sea floor. It is also called "dragging". Bottom trawling can be either benthic trawling or demersal trawling. Benthic trawling is towing a net at the very bottom of the ocean. Demersal trawling is towing a net just above the bottom.

Another kind of trawling is midwater trawling (also known as pelagic trawling). This is where a net is towed higher in the water column. Midwater trawling catches pelagic fish such as anchovies, tuna, and mackerel. Bottom trawling catches both bottom-living fish. It also catches semi-pelagic species such as cod, squid, shrimp, and rockfish. Trawling is done by a trawler. This can be a small open boat or a large factory trawler.

The trawl doors disturb the sea bed. They create a cloud of muddy water which hides the oncoming trawl net. It also makes a noise which attracts fish. The fish begin to swim in front of the net mouth. As the trawl continues along the seabed, fish begin to tire and slip backwards into the net. Finally, the fish become exhausted and drop back, into the net and are caught. The speed that the trawl is towed at depends on the swimming speed of the species which is being targeted. It also depends on the gear that is being used. For most species, a speed of around 4 knots (7 km/h) is appropriate. Trawling is very easy way of catching large amounts of fish. But it has been compared to "fishing with bulldozers". Like a bulldozer it scrapes up everything on the bottom.

Bottom trawling has operated for over a century on heavily fished areas like the North Sea and Grand Banks. overfishing has long been seen as causing major ecological changes to the fish species on the Grand Banks. Lately there is concern about the damage which benthic trawling does to the seabed. A species of particular concern is the slow-growing, deep water coral "Lophelia pertusa". This species is home to a large community of deep sea organisms. It is easily damaged by fishing gear. On November 17, 2004 the United Nations General Assembly urged nations to consider temporary bans on high seas bottom trawling. Bottom trawling has been blamed for reducing the populations of many of fish species. These include species such as orange roughy, barndoor skate, shark, and many others.

Tinus Linee

Marthinus "Tinus" Linee (23 August 1969 – 3 November 2014) was a South African rugby player. Linee played as a centre. He played all of his rugby for Western Province. Linee was born in Paarl, Western Cape.

He represented Western Province and the Stormers in Super Rugby. He played nine tour games for the Springboks between 1993 and 1994, but never played in a test for South Africa.

Tinus died in Paarl, Western Cape from complications following motor neurone disease, aged 45. 

Sadashiv Amrapurkar

Sadashiv Amarapurkar (born Ganesh Kumar Nalawade; 11 May 1950 – 3 November 2014) was an Indian actor. He was well known for his roles in Marathi and Hindi movies in the 1980s and 90s.

He won the Filmfare Award for Best Performance in a Negative Role in 1991 for "Sadak" — the first time the award was instituted. In addition to negative roles, he has done supporting roles and, more recently, comic roles.

Amarapurkar died in Mumbai, India from a lung infection, aged 64.

Mariam Fakhr Eddine

Mariam Mohamed Fakhr Eddine (; January 8, 1933 – November 3, 2014) was an Egyptian actress. Eddine was known for her roles in "Back Again" (1958), "Light in the Night" (1959) and "Souq al-harim" (1970). Eddine was born in Faiyum, Egypt.

Eddine died in Cairo, Egypt of brain surgery-related problems, aged 81.

Augusto Martelli

Augusto Martelli (15 March 1940 - 3 November 2014) was an Italian composer, conductor, arranger and television personality. He was known for composing the song "Djamballà". It was the theme song of the 1971 movie "Il dio serpente". Martelli was born in Genoa, Italy.

Martelli died in Milan, Italy, aged 74.


Women’s Equality Party

The Women’s Equality Party was a political party. It was founded in July 2014 in New York by Christine Quinn, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, and Lieutenant Governor candidate Kathy Hochul.




Ligature (writing)

In writing and typography, a ligature is when two or more graphemes (~letters) are joined as a single glyph. Ligatures usually replace two characters next to each other. The idea comes from handwriting and manuscripts.

Example: the common ampersand ("&") represents the Latin conjunction "et", meaning "and". The ampersand's symbol is a ligature, joining the old handwritten Latin letters "e" and "t" of the word "et", so that the word is represented as a single glyph.

Sometimes ligatures are made to make things more easy to read, or simply to make the writing/font nicer to look at. This is important in some forms of design work. 

Type designers, who create fonts (or 'typefaces'), make ligatures for some combinations of letters. Today, most fonts are made on computers (these are called 'digital typefaces'). When two particular letters are typed together, the ligature will appear. The ligature look like the two different letters but slightly changed (sometimes joined together). It is actually a separate symbol that has been drawn by the creator, and is programmed to appear when two letters are put next to each other.

Sigfrid Mattsson

Sigfrid Mattsson, born 19 September 1917, dead 27 August 2009, was a Swedish cross-country skier. He competed for Skarpnäcks IF in club competitions. In 1952, he won the Vasaloppet event.

Josef Marha

Josef Marha (born 2 June 1976) is a former Czech professional ice hockey centre. He also was a Unrestricted Free Agent. He played a career total of 159 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Colorado Avalanche, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, and the Chicago Blackhawks. He most recently played for HK Hradec Kralove of the Czech Extraliga.

He began his career, playing 83 regular season games with HC Dukla Jihlava of the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League. He was drafted 35th overall by the Quebec Nordiques in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft. He made his NHL debut with the Colorado Avalanche in the 1995–96 NHL season, playing 2 games with them before being sent back down to play for their AHL-affiliate, the Hershey Bears.

On March 24, 1998, the Avalanche traded Marha to the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim in exchange for Warren Rychel and Anaheim's 4th round choice (Sanny Lindström) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft. He played 22 games with the Mighty Ducks. On January 28, 1999, the Mighty Ducks traded him to the Chicago Blackhawks in exchange for Chicago's 4th round choice (Alexander Chagodayev) in 1999 NHL Entry Draft. He played 118 games with the Blackhawks. After the 2000–01 NHL season, he decided to leave North America and head back to Europe. On June 13, 2001, he signed a contract with HC Davos of the National League A (NLA). He spent 12 seasons with HC Davos and won 5 league titles with them.

On March 17, 2013, Marha announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey. On April 29, 2013, he announced that he was returning to play ice hockey again by agreeing to a multi-year deal with HC Pardubice of the Czech Extraliga.


Konrad Pettersson

Konrad Pettersson born 1 July 1903 in Älvsbyn, Sweden, dead 18 November 1976 in Piteå, Sweden was a Swedish cross-country skier. He won the Vasaloppet competition in 1927. He represented Luleå SK in club competitions.

Johan Abram Persson

Johan Abram Persson, born 13 July 1898, dead 24 February 1971, was a Swedish (Sami) cross-country skier, fisherman, sloyer and wolfhunter. He was the son of Per Larsson and Anna Stina Bassem from Luokta lappby. He lived in Skierfa near the Pite River throughout his entire life. 

He competed for Arjeplogs SK in club competitions. In international events, he participated for Sweden. In 1929, he won Vasaloppet.

Olle Wiklund

Olle Wiklund, born 26 December 1914 in Bergvik, Sweden, died 31 March 1999 at the same place, was a Swedish cross-country skier. In 1942, he won Vasaloppet, nine minutes before second-placed Bertil Melin. This meant that the old Vasaloppet record, dated back to 1928, had been broken by two minutes.

He competed for IFK Bergvik at club level, He participated in Vasaloppet at some points.

Sigvard Jonsson

Bengt Sigvard Jonsson, born 27 February 1923 in Bodum, Sweden, dead 17 September 1969 at the same place, was a Swedish cross-country skier and lumberjack. He represented Rossöns IK at club level. He won Vasaloppet in 1956. He died in a drowning accident.

Lars-Arne Bölling

Lars-Arne Bölling, born "Lars Arne Torsten" 6 October 1944 in Sörsjön, Sweden, is a Swedish former cross-country skier. He competed for IFK Mora and Orsa IF at club level. He won Vasaloppet in 1970 and 1972. He became Swedish national champion in the 15 kilometers race in 1970, and in the 1973 30 kilometers race as well as the 1970 and 1971 50 kilometers races. He was also part of the IFK Mora team winning the Swedish national relay championship in 1970-1973, and in 1974 he won the same relay title with Orsa IF.

In 1970, he was awarded the Sixten Jernberg Award. He also represented Sweden during the Olympic Winter Games of 1972 in Sapporo, where he ended up 9th in the 50 kilometers race. In 1973 he won the Marcialonga race in Italy.

He is the son Arne Bölling, who ended up second at Vasaloppet 1943, and the brother's son of Stig Bölling. 

Pauli Siitonen

Pauli Siitonen, born 3 February 1938 in Simpele, Finland, is a Finnish former cross-country skier.

He competed in the 1968 Winter Olympics. He was one of the most successful long-distance cross-country skiers of the 1970s. In 1973, he won Vasaloppet, as second person from Finland. He also won the Finlandia-hiihto in Finland and König-Ludwig-Lauf in West Germany.

Ola Hassis

Ola Hassis (born 22 March 1951) is a Swedish former cross-country skier. He competed for Orsa IF at club level. He won Vasaloppet in 1979. He is the brother of Swedish cross-country skier Bengt Hassis.

Lasse Frykberg

Lars Frykberg, born 3 January 1957, is a Swedish former cross-country skier. He won Vasaloppet in 1982. at the time, he competed for IFK Mora. in a competition where Jean-Paul Pierrat from France first reached the finish. However, Jean-Paul Pierrat was disqualified for changing skis (which was not allowed).

He also won Worldloppet in the seasons of 1981/1982 and 1982/1983.

Hans Persson

Hans Persson, born 18 January 1959, is a Swedish former cross-country skier. He was specialized at long-distance races. In 1984, he won Vasaloppet. He represented Åsarna IK at club level. With that club, he won the Swedish national relay championship in 1980-1983 and again in 1988. 

Bengt Hassis

Bengt Hassis (born 11 January 1957) is a Swedish former cross-country skier. He represented Orsa IF at club level. In 1985 and 1986, he won Vasaloppet. During his 1986 wictory, he broke the Vasaloppet record, which lasted until 1998, when it was broken by Peter Göransson.

Nowadays, Bengt Hassis is a cross-country skiing instructor in Grönklitt. He is the brother of Swedish cross-country skier Ola Hassis.


Anders Blomquist

Anders Blomquist, born 17 October 1960 in Bromma, Sweden is a Swedish former cross-country skier. He competed for IFK Lidingö and Åsarna IK at club levbel. In 1988, he shared the Vasaloppet victory together with his brother Örjan Blomquist. Since many years, he has been an SVT commentator during skiing events. Up to March 2010, he was the CEO for Destination Funäsdalen.

Örjan Blomquist

Örjan Blomquist, born 23 August 1957 in Bromma, Sweden, dead 30 July 2000, was a Swedish cross-country skier. He was speclalized at longd-distance races during the 1980s. He competed for IFK Lidingö at club level. He shared the victory at Vasaloppet 1988 together with his brother Anders Blomquist. Örjan Blomquist also won Worldloppet in 1985.

After the career, he worked as an SVT commentator during skiing events. Outside skiing, he was an economist. Örjan Blomquist died in the year 2000 following illnes.

A. P. J. Abdul Kalam

Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam (; ; 15 October 1931 – 27 July 2015) usually known as A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, was a famous Indian aerospace engineer. He was the 11th President of India, from 2002 to 2007.

When he was president, he was popularly known as the "People's President". He was awarded the Bharat Ratna, India's highest civilian honour in 1997. He has also been a professor (of aerospace engineering). Kalam is the first Chancellor of the Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology Thiruvananthapuram (IIST). He is called as the "Missile Man" of India.

Abdul Kalam died on July 27, 2015 (07:45 Indian Standard Time GMT+5:30) at Bethany Hospital, Shillong after having collapsed due to cardiac arrest during a lecture he was giving at the Indian Institute of Management (IIM).


Ampersand

The ampersand (&), also referred to as the and sign, is a logogram (a diagram standing for a word).

It represents the Latin conjunction "et", which means "and". The ampersand symbol is not only a logogram, but also a ligature. It joins the old handwritten Latin letters "e" and "t" of the word "et", so that the word is represented as a single glyph.

With a c added on it means "et cetera", "and so on".

In everyday writing, the ampersand is sometimes written like a reversed 3 with a vertical line through it.

Darhal Malkan

Darhal Malkan is a town and notified constituency of Rajouri District in the Indian State of Jammu & Kashmir.

Darhal is a Tehsil in Rajauri District of Jammu & Kashmir State, India. 
It is at 1671 m elevation (altitude). Urdu is the local language. People also speak Gojri and Dogri.

It is cold in summer. Darhal summer highest day temperature is between 19 °C to 43 °C. Average temperatures of January is 11 °C, February is 13 °C, March is 19 °C, April is 24 °C, May is 30 °C .

Denishawn School of Dancing

The Denishawn School of Dancing and Related Arts, was founded in 1915 by Ruth St. Denis and Ted Shawn in Los Angeles, California.

It taught a range of dance styles, influenced by ballroom dancing, ballet and various types of American and Indian dances.

The school had some notable pupils, including Martha Graham, Doris Humphrey, Lillian Powell, Charles Weidman, Jack Cole, and silent film star Louise Brooks. The school was especially renowned for its influence on ballet and experimental modern dance. In time, Denishawn teachings reached another school Studio 61 at the Carnegie Hall Studios.

One source writes:



Snow goose

The snow goose ("Chen caerulescens" or "Anser caerulescens"), also known as the blue goose, is a North American species of goose. Its name comes from its white feathers. Some authorities place this species in the "Chen" genus. Other authorities place these species in the "gray goose" genus "Anser". In addition to a white phase they also have a blue phase. In the white phase they are all-white except for their primary feathers which are black. In the blue phase the head and upper neck remain white.

There are two known subspecies:




Kjetil-Vidar Haraldstad

Kjetil-Vidar Haraldstad (born June 28, 1973) is a Norwegian extreme drummer. He is better known by his stage name, Frost. He chose this stage name, because he wanted to purify himself and become one with the darkness and the Frost of Black Metal. He currently plays for the black metal bands Satyricon and 1349. He is considered reputable for being one of the fastest and most proficient drummer alive, and a legend to Black Metal and to Norway art scene.

He has also took part as a drummer with the bands Gorgoroth, Zyklon-B, Gehenna and Keep of Kalessin. He first joined Satyricon temporarily to record the band second demo "The Forest is My Throne" (split album form Satyricon and Enslaved from the year 1993 - "Black Winds" and "Min hyllest til vinterland" are the two other song of the 3 songs demo album), but that changed in the next release, the first studio album "Dark Medival Times" (1994), where he was promoted to a permanent member.

He used blast beats during his performances with 1349 and Satyricon. He has since done more simplistic and mid-tempo with Satyricon.

During a tour, he was denied entry to North America by the US Department of Homeland Security. This was because he did not note that he was sentenced to 5 months for assault, for a bar fight in the early 1990s, when he was applying for his work visa. On the 1349 tours before 2008, Tony Laureano replaced him on drums. Joey Jordison and Trym Torson also performed with Satyricon during the bands North American tour dates. Frost was later able to join the band and perform again in the United States.

Christer Hult

Christer Hult is a Swedish former association football defender. He played for IFK Norrköping. He played 13 games for the Sweden national team.

Ulrika Kalte

Ulrika Kalte, born 19 May 1970 in Skärholmen, Sweden is a Swedish former association football player. She played for Älvsjö AIK. She also played for the Swedish national team during the 1995 World Cup in Sweden, where Sweden was knocked out in the quarterfinals. She also represented Sweden during the 1996 Olympic Tournament in Atlanta, where Sweden ended up 6th.

She begun playing for Norsborgs FF. She became professional in Japan. as she moved to Shiroki F.C. Serena after the 1995 World Cup.

Lena Carlzon-Lundbäck

Lena Carlzon-Lundbäck, born 26 March 1954 in Malmberget, Sweden is a Swedish former cross-country skier. She competed for Malmbergets AIF at club level. She also represented Sweden during the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck. She also represented Sweden during the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid. She participated both in individual events and relays. Her best individual result was being part of the Swedish fourth-placed relay team in 1976. Her best individual result is two 10th places, at the 5 kilometers race in 1976 and the 10 kilometers race in 1980.

She became Swedish national champion totally eight times.

The Frugal Gourmet

The Frugal Gourmet is an American half-hour cooking show. The show started around 1973 at Tacoma's public-TV station KTPS-TV. It was first called "Cooking Fish Creatively". Later it was renamed "The Frugal Gourmet". The award winning program was hosted by Jeff Smith. 

Jeff Smith was the chaplain at the University of Puget Sound in Tacoma, Washington from 1966 to 1972. In 1965, he taught a cooking class called ”Food as Sacrament and Celebration". In 1972, he opened and ran a restaurant called the Chaplain’s Pantry. In 1973, a local PBS television station KTPS-TV offered him his own cooking show, called "Cooking Fish Creatively". "I had a producer who couldn't produce, a director who couldn't direct, a technician who couldn't tech, and I wasn't so good, either", according to Smith. The show received two Emmy nominations. The show won a 'Best of the West' Award for Educational Television in 1976. After several seasons it was renamed "The Frugal Gourmet". The name change was suggested by his wife, Patty. 

The Frugal Gourmet ran on PBS from 1983 to 1997. It was PBS's most popular cooking show. Smith always wore a blue and white striped apron that became his "trademark". In 1989, during the "Three Ancient Cuisines" run, Smith was joined by Craig Wollam, a professionally trained Chef. Smith met Wollam by accident in a Chicago restaurant and he was hired the next day. He stayed until the show was cancelled in 1997.
For the first seven seasons, the show was produced by WTTW in Chicago. From 1991, it was produced by KQED in San Francisco, and A La Carte Communications.

During each show, Smith followed a recipe showing how to prepare a dish. He goes to different places by showing food from many different cultures. The show always ended with Smith saying "Until I see you again, this is the Frugal Gourmet; I bid you peace, bye-bye". Smith would remind his audience that "frugal" doesn't mean cheap. It means that you don't waste money. And "gourmet" means loving good food and wine.

The theme music for "The Frugal Gourmet" was the Bourree movement from "Water Music" by George Frideric Handel.

From 1989 to 1997, reruns of earlier seasons of "The Frugal Gourmet" aired on Lifetime. When "The Frugal Gourmet" aired on Lifetime, episodes ran for about 21 minutes to make room for commercials, and several parts were cut. In 1991, GNT in Brazil began airing a Portugal dubbed version of the show entitled "Frugal Gourmet".


Jukka Koskilahti

Jukka Koskilahti (born 23 May 1954 in Turku, Finland) is a Finnish former ice hockey player. He also played in Sweden for club teams like HV 71 (1979-1980) and Modo AIK (1980-1982).

Renato Sellani

Renato Sellani (8 January 1926 – 31 October 2014) was an Italian jazz pianist and composer. As a pianist, he worked with Chet Baker, Billie Holiday, Dizzie Gillespie, Lee Konitz, Bill Coleman, Gerry Mulligan, Enrico Rava and Tony Scott, among others. He was born in Senigallia, Province of Ancona.

Sellani died in Milan, Italy, aged 88. 

Nina Timofeeva

Nina Vladimirovna Timofeeva (; 11 June 1935 - 3 November 2014) was a Russian ballet dancer. Timofeeva was born in Leningrad, Soviet Union. She was known for her performance in "Swan Lake" (1956, 1970), "Don Quixote" (1959), "The Tale of the Stone Flower" (1959), and in "Macbeth" (1980).

Timofeeva died in Moscow, Russia, aged 79.

Eddie Stuart

Edward Albert "Eddie" Stuart (12 May 1931 – 4 November 2014) was a South African professional footballer. He played as a defender. He played 322 times in England for Wolverhampton Wanderers between 1951 and 1962, winning three league titles and the FA Cup. He also served Stoke City, Tranmere Rovers and Stockport County.

Stuart died on 4 November 2014 in Wrexham, Wales aged 83 following a long illness.

Enrique Olivera

Enrique Olivera (9 February 1940 – 4 November 2014) was an Argentine politician. He served as Chief of Government of the City of Buenos Aires from December 1999 to August 2000.

Olivera died in Buenos Aires on 4 November 2014, aged 74.

We Can't Dance

We Can't Dance is the fourteenth studio album by English progressive rock band Genesis. The album was released on November 12, 1991. It was the group's first studio album of new material in 5 years and also the last to feature Phil Collins before leaving the group in March 1996.

All music written by Tony Banks, Phil Collins, and Mike Rutherford. Lyricists specified below.

Aliya Mustafina

Aliya Fargatovna Mustafina (; born 30 September 1994) is a Russian gymnast. She won four medals at the 2012 Summer Olympics and three medals at the 2016 Summer Olympics. Mustafina was the most successful athlete that was not a swimmer at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Mustafina has won 11 medals at the World Championships. She was the 2010 World Champion in the all-around and in the team competition. She was the 2013 World Champion on the balance beam.

Chaat

Chaat (Hindi/Nepali: चाट, Urdu/Punjabi: ) is a term describing good snacks. Chaat is most likely to be found at road-side tracks from food carts in India, Pakistan, Nepal and Bangladesh. Chaat is made of fried dough, which can be filled with different ingredients. Chaat commonly contains pieces of potato, chickpeas, and spices. 

 

Amber Montana

Amber Dawn Montana (born December 2, 1998) is an American actress. She is best known for her lead role in the Nickelodeon TV show "The Haunted Hathaways" as Taylor Hathaway.

She was born in Tampa, Florida. When she was eight years old she moved to California to pursue opportunities as an actress. In 2008 Amber got the role of a girl who is kidnapped in the movie "She Could Be You". In 2012 he appeared on the Nickelodeon game show "BrainSurge". In 2013 she landed the lead role in the Nickelodeon TV show "The Haunted Hathaways".


Peyton List

Peyton Roi List (born April 6, 1998) is an American actress and model. She is best known for her role as Emma Ross in the Disney Channel series "Jessie". She is also well known for portraying Holly Hills in the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" series.


Xenolith

A xenolith (foreign rock) is a rock fragment which another rock surrounds.

It happens most in igneous rock when magma is fluid enough to flow round more solid rock. Xenoliths may be covered in the margins of a magma chamber, torn loose from the walls of a flow of lava or picked up along the ground by flowing lava on Earth's surface. A xenocryst is an individual foreign crystal included within an igneous body. Examples of xenocrysts are quartz crystals in a low-silica lava and diamonds in kimberlite diatremes.

Although the term xenolith is most commonly associated with igneous inclusions, a broad definition could include rock fragments which have become encased in sedimentary rock. Xenoliths are sometimes found in meteorites.

Xenoliths and xenocrysts provide important information about the composition of the otherwise inaccessible mantle. Basalts, kimberlites, lamproites and lamprophyres, which have their source in the upper mantle, often contain fragments and crystals assumed to be a part of the lower mantle mineralogy.

Cyclone Ashoba

Cyclone Ashoba formed in the Bay of Bengal near Andaman, away from Visakhapatnam. Early forecasts called for cyclone Ashoba to affect the Tamil Nadu coast.it was expected to reach Oman coast on 11.06.2014


Chelsea Lately

Chelsea Lately was a late night comedy talk show by Chelsea Handler on the E! network. Every episode was presented in a half-hour format, and was broadcast Monday through Friday. The final episode of "Chelsea Lately" aired on August 26, 2014.

From 2012 to 2013, viewership went up from 613,000 to 571,000.

The live hour-long series finale aired August 26 at 11 pm and was viewed by 1.003 million people.


Suwon

Suwon is a large city in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.

Suwon became a big city because of King Jeongjo of Joseon. He wanted to make Suwon the capital after he moved his father's tomb. Suwon's Hwaseong Fortress was also built then. Hwaseong has great value because some machines were used to build it. Jeong Yagyong, a great mechanic and scholar, made pulleys named Geojunggi and Nokro, which were used.

In ancient tribal times, Suwon was known as Mosu-guk (Korean : 모수국) of Mahan confederacy. During the Proto–Three Kingdoms period era, however, the area comprising modern Suwon and Hwaseong City was called Maehol-gun (매홀군). In 757, under King Gyeongdeok of the Unified Silla, the name was changed to Suseong-gun (수성군).

Suwon is in the north-west of South Korea near Seoul, so Suwon is developed. In Suwon there are some small mountains like Gwanggyosan and Chilbosan.

Suwon's mayor is Yeom Tae-Yeong. The deputy mayors are Jeon Taeheon and Lee Jaejun. Suwon has four districts: Jangan-gu, Paldal-gu, Gwonseon-gu and Yeongtong-gu.

There are 1,201,564 people living in Suwon including foreigners.

Suwon's symbol is Hwaseong's main gate. Suwon's official flower is the royal azalea, and Suwon's slogan is "We welcome people. Human city, Suwon." (Korean: 사람이 반갑습니다. 휴먼시티 수원.)

Suwon Samsung Bluewings is Suwon's soccer team. They play soccer in the K League. Their stadium is Suwon World Cup Stadium. It is the biggest soccer stadium in Suwon.

Suwon has two bus terminals: Suwon Bus Terminal and West Suwon Bus Terminal. The Gyeongbu and Yeongdong Expressways pass through Suwon, and the Gyeongbu railroad line, Seoul Subway Line 1, and the Bundang Line also pass through Suwon.

Suwon galbi (beef ribs) is Suwon's special food. It is expensive but popular.

Statue of Mao Zedong, Fuzhou

The Mao Zedong Statue is a statue in Wuyi Square, Fuzhou, Fujian, China. It is tall. It depicts Mao Zedong holding out his arm. The statue was built by Yang Zhengrong, a painter in Fujian. It took a year and a half to build.

Se hace saber

Se hace saber is a Spanish television comedy program. It was aired in TVE 1 from 24 December 2013 to 21 February 2014. It was hosted and starred by Goyo Jiménez and other actors such as Agustín Jiménez, Arturo González-Campos, Berta Collado, Iñaki Urrutia, Leo Harlem and Sergio Fernández "El Monaguillo".

The program was canceled after eight weeks, as very few people watched it.


Transport hub

A transport hub (also transport interchange) is a place where passengers and cargo are exchanged between transport modes. Public transport hubs include train stations, rapid transit stations, bus stops, tram stop, airports and ferry slips. Freight hubs include classification yards, seaports and truck terminals, or combinations of these. For private transport, the parking lot functions as a hub. 

Delta Air Lines first used the hub and spoke system for aviation in 1955 from its hub in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. This was to compete with Eastern Air Lines. FedEx adopted the hub and spoke model for overnight package delivery during the 1970s. When the airline industry was deregulated in 1978, Delta's hub and spoke system was used by several airlines. 

Cheese mite

Cheese mites are mites which live in food, grain and plant leaves. 

They are sometimes found in flour but prefer cheese. Refrigerated cheese is not usually affected as they prefer warm, damp foods. Cheese mites are used to make certain cheeses. Milbenkäse and Mimolette are two examples. The action of the mites on the surface of these cheeses adds to the flavor. It also gives them a distinctive appearance. A 2010 SEM study found that Milbenkäse cheese was produced using "Tyrolichus casei" mites, while Mimolette cheese used "Acarus siro" mites (also known as flour mites).

Ina Catani

Ina Catani (born Ina Heilborn; 30 May 1906 – 28 March 1938), was a Swedish archer.


Apoica pallens

The Central American paper wasp ("Apoica pallens") is a nocturnal eusocial wasp (family Vespidae). It is famous for its swarming behavior. It is native to the lowlands of central and northern South America.

This species has developed special night vision adaptations which help their night-time swarming and foraging behavior. It has important medicinal properties for the Pankararé people of Brazil.

"Apoica pallens" populations are native to the lowlands of Central and northern South America. Generally, they are found in areas of tropical savanna, semi-deciduous tropical dry forest, gallery forest, and marshland. "Apoica" is one of the prominent genera of the New World tropics, and is rather abundant.

"Apoica pallens" is best known for its unique swarm founding behavior, in which the adult population of a colony abandons an old nest and emigrates to a new site. This has been observed for several reasons. Firstly, as part of normal colony reproduction. And secondly, in response to severe disturbance or destruction of the original nest. Additionally, nest abandonment is sometimes correlated with changing climates, and in the case of "Apoica pallens," has been observed more frequently during the dry season. Males follow swarm emigrations and may stay with the newly created colony for the following weeks.

Epiponini are either permanently or mainly polygynous.

Foraging takes place at night. Swarms of wasps explosively leave the nest, then quickly return only to leave again in a similar fashion. As the night progresses there are moderate to heavy levels of return and departures by smaller groups of wasps. The foraging patterns of "Apoica pallens" depends on the moon’s cycle: when the moon is new, it forages during the first four hours after sunset, with another small peak of activity just before dawn as wasps return to the nest. When the moon is waxing, it extends the hours of forage until individuals are out all night long.
Their adaptations allow them to forage in low light conditions. These wasps have larger visual fields compared to those of relatives.

"Apoica pallens" is a caste species with morphological differentiation between females. These castes are classified as workers and queens. This is based on the size of ovaries. The differences between the castes of queens and workers are formed during the larval stage. Queen-destined larvae show faster growth rates in various bodily compartments than worker-destined larvae. This results in individuals with different shapes even though larvae are about the same size.

Folk medicine is prominent in various areas of Brazil. Insects are used in folk remedies. Medicinal insects are the focus of healing methods targeted to treat ailments, serving as drug resources that come from nature. The nests of "Apoica pallens", is known to be significant in the practices of Pankarare ́Indians and also the rural people of Brazil.

Nests of these wasps are burned and the smoke released is inhaled in order to heal stroke. Furthermore, when the presence of evil is suspected in an Indian’s life, they must bath in this smoke of the burning nest as treatment. In Matinha dos Pretos, pieces of the nest may be boiled in water to make a tea that serves as treatment for asthma.

"Apoica pallens" collects various arthropods including flies, caterpillars, and beetles. It also collects pollen and nectar from banana blossoms. This species practices brood cannibalism: the adults will eat some of the brood if their own nutritional needs are not met. Generally, several adults will divide up a single larva. In addition, adults will exchange food via trophallaxis.
"Apoica pallens" displays active, rather than chemical defense behavior. During the day, when adult individuals are not swarming, they cover the comb face of the nest several layers thick. The wasps on the outer layer of the comb face outward. They watch for predatory ants trying to reach the interior of the nest. It is thought that the advantages of this protective formation during the day is what led to the nocturnal foraging and swarming.

Handbag

A handbag is a medium-to-large bag typically used by women to hold personal items. It is often fashionably designed. Versions of the term are 'purse', 'pocketbook', 'pouch', or 'clutch', terms which suggest rather smaller versions.

Content of handbags might include such items as wallet/coins, keys, mobile phone, cosmetics and jewellery, books/e-books, pen and paper, food and beverage such as a water bottle, pepper spray and other items for self-defence, tampons and other feminine hygiene products, contraceptives, tissues and infant care products, or a hairbrush.

Men once carried coin purses. The oldest known purse dates back more than 5000 years, and was worn by a man, Ötzi the Iceman. In early modern Europe, men's trousers replaced men's breeches during the 18th and 19th centuries. Pockets were added in the loose, heavy material. This let men carry coins, and then paper currency, in small leather wallets.

Donauparkhalle

Donauparkhalle was an indoor ice rink in Vienna-Donaustadt in Austria. It was originally built as an expo venue in 1964, next to an earlier landfill in Donaupark near Kaisermühlen, to be used for the garden-themed exhibition Wiener Internationale Gartenschau. Two years later, it was rebuilt into an indoor ice rink. During the 1966/1967 season, Wiener EV played its first home games inside. Later, it was used as home venue for the Vienna club WAT Stadlau. The venue was popular for its acoustics. The venue was demolished following the 1990/1991 season. In the early 1990's, the area was planned to be used for the 1995 world exhebition that was never hosted.

In 1967 the Wiener Stadthallenturnier, despite the name, was held there instead of inside the Wiener Stadthalle. Even the world championships in ice stock sport and nine-pin bowling have been held inside. 
Even the 1967 World Ice Hockey Championships and the 1987 World Ice Hockey Championships were held inside. The World Figure Skating Championships have also been held here.

Argument from ignorance

An argument from ignorance (), or appeal to ignorance ('ignorance' stands for "lack of evidence to the contrary"), is a fallacy in informal logic. It says something is true because it has not yet been proved false. Or, that something is false if it has not yet been proved true. This is also called a negative proof fallacy. This also includes the (false) assumption there are only two options (true or false). There may be as many as four choices:

Appeals to ignorance are often used to suggest the other side needs to do the proving. Rules of logic place the burden of proof on "the person making the claim".

A logical fallacy is simply a bad argument. Using bad logic does not necessarily mean the argument is false (or true). It is basically a hasty conclusion, one that is arrived at incorrectly. But it still may be convincing to some audiences. This is why it is used in politics and advertising.



Drug tolerance

Drug tolerance (or physiological tolerance) is a term used to describe that the organism gets used to a given substance. Drug tolerance also means that over time a drug becomes less effective and larger amounts of the substance are needed to get the same effect. 

Physiological tolerance can be achieved in one of the following ways: 

Elizabeth of Doberschütz

Elisabeth of Doberschütz was decaptiated and burned as a witch, on 17th december 1751 in Stettin.

Matthias Schleiden

Matthias Jakob Schleiden (5 April 1804 23 June 1881) was a German botanist. He was long supposed to be the co-founder of the cell theory, with Theodor Schwann and Rudolf Virchow. However, a recent study of the original papers revealed that Schleiden and Schwann used previous research, and were popularisers of an idea others had discovered.

The earlier work of the Czech Jan Purkyně (1787–1869) and his student and collaborator Gabriel Valentin (1810–1883) was "unjustly denigrated by the nationalistic Germans. They have a claim to some priority in the cell theory".

Johannes Müller (1801–1858) also made great contributions. It was, however, his student Theodor Schwann and Matthias Schleiden who got the credit for the cell theory. This was despite the fact that some of their observations were not correct, and their credits to previous workers were "a travesty". As understood now, the cell theory includes these important ideas:

The key works of Schwann and Schleiden were published in 1838 and 1839.
These ideas still are the basic ideas of cell theory.

Auckland War Memorial Museum

The Auckland War Memorial Museum is a museum in Auckland, New Zealand. It is one of New Zealand's most important museums and war memorials. The displays in the museum are mostly about New Zealand history, both natural history and military history.

Yarra River

The Yarra River is also known as the Yarra Yarra River, Aboriginal: Berrern, Birr-arrung, Bay-ray-rung, Birarang. Birrarung, and Wongete). The Yarra River is a perennial river in east-central Victoria, Australia. The river flows from its source in the Yarra Ranges west through the Yarra Valley. The river opens out into plains as it winds its way through Greater Melbourne. It then empties into Hobsons Bay in northernmost Port Phillip.

The river was a major food source for indigenous Australians during prehistoric times. It also served as a meeting place during those times. The river was first called "Birrarung" by the Wurundjeri. The current name was translated wrong from another Wurundjeri term in the Boonwurrung language; "Yarro-yarro", meaning "ever-flowing".

The river was used for agriculture by early European settlers. The landscape of the river has changed since 1835. The course of the river has been changed and widened in places. Widening and dams, like the Upper Yarra Reservoir have helped protect Melbourne from major flooding. Industrialisation led to the destruction of the marshlands at the joining of the Yarra and Maribyrnong Rivers in the area around Coode Island in West Melbourne. The yearly Moomba festival celebrates the Yarra River's meaning to Melbourne.


Bill Ward

William Thomas Ward (born 5 May 1948) is an English musician and visual artist. He is best known as the original drummer of the British heavy metal band Black Sabbath. 

He also performed lead vocals on two Black Sabbath songs: "It's Alright" from the album "Technical Ecstasy" and "Swinging the Chain" from the album "Never Say Die!".

Bill Ward started to play drums as a child. He listened to the big bands of the 1940s. His major influences were Gene Krupa, Buddy Rich and Louie Bellson. 
Later he was influenced by drummers such as Larrie Londin, Bernard Purdie, Joe Morello, Keef Hartley, Hughie Flint, John Bonham, Ringo Starr, Jim Capaldi and Clive Bunker. 
In the mid-1960s, Ward sang and played drums in a band called The Rest. 
Ward and guitarist Tony Iommi played together in a band called Mythology. 
After Mythology disbanded, he and Iommi joined vocalist Ozzy Osbourne and bassist Geezer Butler to form a new band called Earth. The quickly renamed the band Black Saabbath due to another local band being called Earth.

In the 1970s, Ward's drug and alcohol use became a problem. By the late 1970s he was drinking during gigs, something he had never done before. He also began experiencing panic attacks. Ward has said he cannot remember the recording of the 1980 album "Heaven and Hell" due to his alcohol abuse. 
According to Black Sabbath bandmate Iommi, Ward disappeared on 21 August 1980, without saying goodbye, other than a telephone call to then-Black Sabbath vocalist Ronnie James Dio informing him "I'm off then, Ron." He then briefly played in a band called Max Havoc. 

In 1983, he returned to Black Sabbath for the "Born Again" album. Ward once again left for health reasons before the band toured in support of the album. 

In 1984, he rejoined Black Sabbath to record new material with David Donato but after several demo tapes, he once again left Sabbath.

According to Iommi, he and the band would often set Ward's beard on fire and perform other harmful pranks on him. On one occasion, Ward received third-degree burns. In 1980, during the recording of "Heaven and Hell", Iommi doused Ward with a solution used by studio technicians to clean the tape heads. He then set light to the solution, which was much more flammable than Iommi had anticipated. Ward suffered third degree burns as a result and still has scars on his legs from the incident.

Iommi claims that Ward almost died in 1972, after a prank-gone-wrong during recording of "Black Sabbath Vol. 4". The band were renting a Bel Air mansion belonging to John DuPont of the DuPont chemical company. The band found several spray cans of gold DuPont paint in a room of the house; finding Ward naked and unconscious after a night of heavy drinking, they thought it would be funny to cover the drummer from head to toe in gold paint. Ward soon became violently ill and had a seizure and an ambulance had to be called. The paint had blocked all of Ward's pores, which his bandmates were subsequently informed can be fatal.

Ward returned to playing music in the late 1980s. In 1989 he went to work on a solo album. This featured a lot of guest musicians, including former Black Sabbath bandmate Ozzy Osbourne and his guitarist, Zakk Wylde. Released in January 1990, "" showcased Ward's versatility in musical tastes and abilities. He did the vocals on some of the songs. 

In 1997, Ward released his second solo album, "When the Bough Breaks".

In 2002 he released the song "Straws" as a single for charity. The song would reappear on his 2015 album "Accountable Beasts".

In 1985, Ward and the original Sabbath members had reunited for Live Aid. 

On 15 November 1992, Ward reunited with the original Black Sabbath members at a Costa Mesa, California Ozzy Osbourne show. Sabbath, with the Judas Priest singer Rob Halford, opened the show for Osbourne. The Ozzy Osbourne band (Osbourne, Zakk Wylde, Mike Inez, Randy Castillo and John Sinclair) then did a full set. Osbourne then reunited with Iommi, Butler and Ward for four numbers.

In 1994, Ward made a brief return to the band for a South American tour, with Tony Martin fronting.

On 4 and 5 December 1997, Ward rejoined Black sabbath for two shows at the NEC in Birmingham. This made up the "Reunion" album. 

In 1998, Ward suffered a heart attack during the rehearsals for a tour. He was replaced by Vinny Appice. Ward was forced to miss all but the last two Black Sabbath appearances while he recovered.

In 2000, Ward participated joined Iommi and Osbourne to record the track "Who's Fooling Who" for Iommi's first solo album.

Since mid-2002, Ward has done a monthly internet-only radio show named "Rock 50" on radio station WPMD from Cerritos College in California. Ward plays a variety of metal, hard rock, and some classic rock.

In October 2006, news leaked that Ward would be reuniting with Tony Iommi, Geezer Butler and Ronnie James Dio for a tour under the band name Heaven & Hell. However, Ward later decided not to participate in the tour or continue participation in the band because of musical differences with "a couple of the other band members" and a concern about extended touring.

On 11 November 2011, Iommi, Butler, Osbourne, and Ward announced that they were reuniting to record a new album with producer Rick Rubin and to start touring in 2012. In February 2012, however, Ward left before work commenced on "13". Ward said that he had failed to reach an agreement regarding his contract.
Ward's surgery on his shoulder prevented him from playing drums again until May 2014. This delayed his third studio album "Accountable Beasts". He had also expressed a desire to tour behind the album once it is released, provided that sales were acceptable.

Ward says he has "lost a friend" in Osbourne, but maintains contact with Butler and Iommi; if they could "come to some terms", if Ozzy would make amends for statements he made in 2012 and 2013, he would rejoin Black Sabbath.

Ward reunited with Sabbath members Tony Iommi and Geezer Butler to accept the "Lifetime Achievement" award at the May 2015 Ivor Novello Awards.

In 2016, Ward debuted with a new band called "Day of Errors", which played its first gig in June that year at Gaslamp in Long Beach, California and also features Joe Amodea on guitar/vocals and Kill Devil Hill singer Jason “Dewey” Bragg on vocals.

Ward was due to play a string of dates with his new band in December 2017 but had to cancel these when he was hospitalised with heart problems in November.

He once again reunited with Iommi and Butler in Los Angeles in May 2019, as Black Sabbath were awarded a Lifetime Achievement Grammy. Though Sabbath did not perform, Rival Sons performed a set of their songs for the occasion. A short time later Osbourne said in an interview that he wants to play one last show with the band's original lineup. Ward announced 3 weeks later on his instagram that he loved all 3 of his former Black Sabbath bandmates very much and was open-minded to playing a very last show with them.

Ward has two sons, Nigel and Aron, and one daughter, Emily. 

According to his Black Sabbath bandmates Tony Iommi and Ozzy Osbourne, Ward has dramatically changed his lifestyle since Black Sabbath's 1970s and early 80s heyday. Iommi says he quit smoking, gave up alcohol, adopted a vegan diet, and no longer uses drugs of any kind. Osbourne says that Ward has been sober for approximately 30 years. However, more recently Osbourne has criticised Ward's health, describing him in 2013 as "incredibly overweight" and suggesting that he would have been unable to drum for Black Sabbath had he stayed in the band following their 2011 reunion, given his physical condition, although Ward himself has insisted his health has not affected his ability to play the drums.

Ward later admitted he underwent gastrointestinal surgery in 2013, and is still recovering. "My health right now is not bad but it's not good enough to certainly play in any band never mind Black Sabbath."

Drumming website Totaldrumsets has listed Ward among "The 100 Most Influential Drummers Ever!" and has defined him "the mastermind behind the unholy birth of heavy metal drumming".

Ward uses Tama drums, Sabian cymbals, Vic Firth drumsticks and Gibraltar hardware.

Tama "Imperialstar" drums

"AA" and "Hand Hammered" Sabian cymbals







Murder (United States law)

Under the laws of the United States of America, the crime of Murder can fall under different jurisdictions. In some cases, the state prosecutes those accused of murder. In other cases, the federal government has jurisdiction. Who the victim of a murder can also determine who has jurisdiction. The military of the United States also prosecutes murder under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.

If a murder is committed within the borders of a state, that state has jurisdiction. If the crime is committed in the District of Columbia, the D.C Superior Court has jurisdiction. In cases involving federal property or employees, the federal courts may have exclusive jurisdiction. The prosecution of murder is similar in Australia.

If the victim is a federal official, an ambassador, consul or other foreign official under US protection, then the federal government has jurisdiction. If the crime took place on federal property or involved crossing state lines it is under federal jurisdiction. Murder on naval or U.S. flagged merchant vessels in international waters is under federal jurisdiction. This is true also if crime happens on U.S. military bases worldwide. Murder by a member of the United States military anywhere in the world is a violation of Article 118 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice. The trial is held by a general court-martial.

In the United States the dual sovereignty doctrine applies to murder as well as to other crimes. In cases where a murder involves both state and federal jurisdiction, the accused can be tried and punished separately by each jurisdiction. Under the dual sovereignty doctrine this is not considered double jeopardy. If another federal law was violated in connection with a murder, then the murder can be prosecuted by a federal court. This is called "piggyback jurisdiction". In the United States there is no statute of limitations on the crime of murder. But most other federal laws have a five-year statute of limitations. An exception is for cases of terrorism where the statute of limitations is eight years. Or if explosives or arson were involved, the statute of limitations is ten years.


Bokhara River

The Bokhara River is a watercourse in the South Downs region of Queensland. The river flows downstream into the northwestern slopes of New South Wales, Australia. The Bokhara River flows past the towns of Hebel and Goodooga. 

Diamantina River

The Diamantina River is in Central West Queensland, Australia. The river was named by William Landsborough in 1866. He named the river after Lady Diamantina Bowen (née Roma). She was the wife of Sir George Ferguson Bowen. He was the first Governor of Queensland. The river has three major tributaries. They are the Western River, the Mayne River, and Farrars Creek.

 

George Ferguson Bowen

Sir George Ferguson Bowen (2 November 1821 – 21 February 1899) was born in Ireland. He was the first governor of Queensland, Australia. Bowen was also an author. He wrote a few books.



Grapheme

A grapheme is a written mark which corresponds to a spoken sound, or a bit of written language (orthography). It roughly corresponds to a phoneme in speech.

Graphemes include alphabetic letters, typographic ligatures, Chinese characters, numerical digits, punctuation marks, and other individual symbols of any of the world's writing systems. The separate items on a keyboard all produce graphemes when writing in the appropriate software.

A grapheme may or may not carry meaning by itself, and may or may not correspond to a single phoneme.

A grapheme is an abstract concept. A glyph is a specific shape that represents that grapheme, in a specific typeface. For example, the abstract concept of "the Arabic numeral one" is a grapheme which has different glyphs in different typefaces.

Mumu

Mumu () is a Russian tale. It was published in 1852 by Ivan Turgenev in the political magazine: "Sovremennik".

The story is about the relationship between Gerasim - a deaf mute servant - and his dog. The story changes to an elderly widow-woman who is Gerasim's boss. The woman shows her cruel side when she tells him to get rid of his pet.



Reality Bites

Reality Bites is a 1994 romantic comedy-drama movie set in Houston. This is about romance and the fear of AIDS and HIV. Janeane Garofalo plays Vickie Miner. Swoosie Kurtz plays Charlane McGregor. Winona Ryder plays Lelaina.

This movie was released on February 18, 1994. The movie got mixed review from critics. The box office was positive. Lisa Loeb performed "Stay" on the soundtrack of the movie.

The Odd Life of Timothy Green

The Odd Life of Timothy Green is a 2012 American fantasy comedy-drama movie set in North Carolina. It was directed by Peter Hedges and was produced by Scott Sanders, James Whitaker, and Ahmet Zappa. "The Odd Life of Timothy Green" was released on August 15, 2012.

The movie gained mixed to negative reception reviews from critics and holds a 33% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Adams was awarded the Young Artist Award for Best Leading Young Actor Age Ten and Under for his role as Timothy Green.



Natural Born Killers

Natural Born Killers is a 1994 American crime drama movie directed by Oliver Stone. It is about a couple in love who perform murder across the southwestern United States. Mickey Knox is played by Woody Harrelson. Mallory Knox is played by Juliette Lewis. Ed Wilson is played by Rodney Dangerfield. Tommy Lee Jones also acts in the movie.

This movie was released on August 26, 1994. It was threatened with an NC-17 rating by the MPAA. It was then edited downward to R-rating level.

The movie received mixed reviews from the critics.

The Outsiders (movie)

The Outsiders is a 1983 crime and drama movie. It is set in 1965, Tulsa, Oklahoma. It is about tough low-income working class teenagers. Sherri Valance is played by Diane Lane. Matt Dillon plays Dallas Winston. Emilio Estevez plays Keith Matthews. Patrick Swayze plays Darrel Curtis. Tom Cruise plays Steve Randle. Rob Lowe plays Soda Curtis.

The movie is based on the 1967 novel of the same name. It was released on March 25, 1983. Its rating was changed to PG-13.

The reviews of the movie were mostly positive.

Before I Go to Sleep

Before I Go to Sleep is an British-American mystery drama thriller movie. It was written and directed by Rowan Joffé. It was released in the United Kingdom on 5 September 2014. It was later released in the United States on 31 October 2014. The movie was an adaptation of S. J. Watson's 2011 novel of the same name. The movie stars Nicole Kidman, Mark Strong, Colin Firth, and Anne-Marie Duff.

Forty-year old Christine Lucas (Nicole Kidman) wakes up with a man whom she doesn't know. The man calls himself Ben (Colin Firth), her husband. Ben shows her pictures of what her life once was. He tells her that she was involved in an accident ten years ago. This, he explains, has left her brain damage. This affects her memory in which she constantly wakes up not knowing anything of the day. Ben tells her that she's been like this since the accident. Ben leaves the house for work. While Christine looks around the house, a neurologist named Dr. Nasch calls the house. He informs her that she has been in treatment with him for the past few years. He tells her to locate a video camera which is hidden inside her closet. He tells her to watch the videos and to call him back. Christine watches a video diary of herself, which she is unfamiliar with. Dr. Nasch tells Christine to not inform Ben of the camera. Dr. Nasch also tells her that she lost her memory after she was attacked and left for dead at a nearby airport hotel. Christine wonders why Ben lied to her about the accident. Dr. Nasch tells her that it may be Ben's way of accepting her current condition.

Over time, Christine remembers a woman named Claire. Ben tells her that Claire was her best friend. Claire could not handle Christine's condition and ended contact with her. Later, Christine remembers that she had a son. Christine confronts Ben on why he would hide her son from her. Ben tells her that their son died on meningitis when he was eight. Christine remembers the name "Mike". She believes he was the attacker. She tells Dr. Nasch of the name. Christine then see's Dr. Nasch's name tag. It reads Mike. Christine opens the door of the car and tries to runaway. Dr. Nasch then injects her with a drug that calms her down. The next day she remembers nothing.

Christine learns that Ben had placed her in an assisted care home. She also learns that they have been divorced for several years. Christine also learns that Claire had been trying to contact her. She was unaware that Ben took her away. Christine is given Claire's phone number. They agreed to meet at a local park. Claire reveals that she had a one-time sexual affair with Ben. This happened before Christine's attack. Christine is angry at this and leaves Claire at the park. Christine believes that Ben still loves her. She records her feelings about Ben to remind herself that Ben is a great ex-husband. Later that night, Christine decides to let Ben see the video she made. Christine tells her how much she cares and loves him. Ben, upset, slaps Christine in the face. Ben leaves Christine on the floor as he leaves.

Christine calls Claire of what Ben had done. Claire tells her that she will call Ben. She tells her that she will find out way he has done this. Claire calls Christine back. She tells her that Ben have not seen her for several years. Claire asks Christine to describe the "Ben" she is living with. They both realize that he is not "Ben". Christine attempts to escape the house. "Ben" knocks Christine unconscious. The next morning, Christine awakens with no memories.

That night, "Ben" takes her to a hotel. The hotel is close to where she had been found. He reveals that he is Mike. The man she had an affair with. He tells her that he wanted Christine to tell Ben about them. He tells her that she didn't want to do that. Upset, he attacked her which resulted in her amnesia. He also reveals that Christine's son Adam is still alive. He then deletes all the videos Christine had recorded. He tells her that he is no longer wanting to play the part of Ben. He declares his love for her. He demands that Christine leaves with him. Another struggle occurs. However, Christine knocks Mike out and gets away. Christine wakes up in a hospital bed. She is visited by Dr. Nasch. He tells her the man responsible for her condition has been arrested. Christine is then visited by the real Ben, as well as their son Adam, now a teenager.



Lawrence Kasdan

Lawrence Kasdan (born January 14, 1949) is an American screenwriter, movie producer and director. He directed "Return of the Jedi" and "The Empire Strikes Back".

He was born in Miami, Florida.

Kazaam

Kazaam is a 1996 American fantasy family musical comedy movie. It was directed by Paul M. Glaser and was produced by Paul M. Glaser and Shaquille O'Neal. "Kazaam" was released on July 17, 1996. The movie is about Kazaam, a 5,000 year-old genie who appears from a magic boombox to grant three wishes to a boy.

The movie gained extremely negative reviews from critics and holds a 6% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie was also a box office bomb and was only able to make back $19 million of its $20 million budget.


Bloxwich

Bloxwich is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Walsall.

There are several schools in the Bloxwich area. One is Lower Farm Primary School.

Brad Halsey

Bradford Alexander Halsey (February 14, 1981 – October 31, 2014) was am American Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the New York Yankees, Arizona Diamondbacks and Oakland Athletics.

Halsey died on October 31, 2014, near his home in New Braunfels, Texas, at the age of 33. According to the local judge who ordered the autopsy, Halsey's fatal injuries were caused by either a jump or a fall from a 100-foot cliff on private property. His body was discovered below, on a small road going up to the cliff.


Richard Schaal

Richard Schaal (; May 7, 1928 – November 4, 2014) was an American movie and television actor from Chicago, Illinois.

He was married to actress Valerie Harper from 1964 to 1978. His daughter is actress Wendy Schaal by his first marriage to Lois ("née" Treacy).

In 1962, he joined Chicago's Second City. He became skilled in sketch and improvisational comedy. He had a recurring role in "Just Our Luck". He was featured in several episodes of "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", "The Bob Newhart Show", "Rhoda" and "Phyllis".

Schaal died on November 4, 2014, in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California. He was 86.



Lane Evans

Lane Allen Evans (August 4, 1951 – November 5, 2014) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from 1983 until 2007, representing the 17th District of Illinois. 

Evans announced that he would not seek reelection in November 2006 and retired at the end of the 109th Congress due to his bad health. 

On November 6, 2014, Evans died at the age of 63 in a nursing home in East Moline, Illinois, of Parkinson's disease, aged 63.

Manitas de Plata

Manitas de Plata (born Ricardo Baliardo; 7 August 1921 – 5 November 2014) was a French Gitano flamenco guitarist. He had toured the whole world since 1967, and recorded discs. He played with the dancer Nina Corti. In 1968 he played at the Royal Variety Performance in London. 

Pearl Harbor (movie)

Pearl Harbor is a 2001 American epic war movie. The movie also has romance and action elements in it. It was directed by Michael Bay and was produced by Michael Bay and Jerry Bruckheimer. "Pearl Harbor" was released on May 25, 2001. The movie is based on the attack on Pearl Harbor.
The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 25% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Even though the movie received negative reviews, it was a major box office success and earned almost $450 million worldwide. The movie was nominated for four Academy Awards and won one for Best Sound Editing.

Many Pearl Harbor survivors did not like the movie. They called it grossly inaccurate and pure Hollywood. In an interview, producer Jerry Bruckheimer was quoted saying, "We tried to be accurate, but it's certainly not meant to be a history lesson".



Bootlegs &amp; B-Sides

Bootlegs & B-Sides is a 1994 compilation studio album by Ice Cube. This album has remixes and b-sides for certain songs, including "Check Yo Self" and "What Can I Do". Other songs on the album are from his album "Lethal Injection".

This album was released on November 22, 1994. Many song versions were later included on remastered and proper Ice Cube records.

The Hotwives of Orlando

The Hotwives of Orlando is an American sitcom. It premiered on July 15, 2014. It was made available only for Hulu. The show was developed by Paramount Digital Entertainment. It is a parody of "The Real Housewives" comedy series on Bravo. The show has only one season so far. The show is about several fictional women who live in Orlando, Florida.

The first season focuses on Tawny St. John (portrayed by Casey Wilson), Shauna Maducci (Danielle Schneider), Phe Phe Reed (Tymberlee Hill), Veronica Von Vandervon (Andrea Savage), Crystal Simmons (Angela Kinsey), and Amanda Simmons (Kristen Schaal).



Other guest appearances in the first season include "Weird Al" Yankovic, Kate Walsh, Rich Fulcher, Melissa Rauch, Kulap Vilaysack, Lauren Lapkus, and Horatio Sanz.


Hulu

Hulu is an American streaming service. It provides a selection of TV shows, movies, and more. It also supports advertisements in their online video service.

Hulu videos are available only to users in the United States. Hulu is a joint venture of NBCUniversal Television Group (Comcast) and Fox First Run (Fox Corporation).

Hulu provides original shows. These includes "The Hotwives of Orlando", "The Morning After", "Battleground", "The Fashion Fund", among others.

Subscribers can access episodes from ABC, Fox, NBC, and the CW the day after they air. Subscribers can access these episodes on internet-connected TVs, smartphones, game consoles, set-top boxes, and more.

Hulu's subscription service was launched in beta (preview) on June 29, 2010, and officially launched on November 17, 2010, under the branding Hulu Plus. The service remained advertising-supported, but it offers an expanded content library including full seasons, day-after access to current season content and more episodes of shows available. Hulu also launched Hulu Plus apps on other types of devices, including mobile, digital media players, and video game consoles. By the end of 2011, Hulu Plus had around 1.5 million subscribers.

On April 29, 2015, it was announced that the "Hulu Plus" branding would be discontinued, and that the service would be henceforth marketed as simply "Hulu" to place it in-line with its subscription-only competitors. By then, the service had grown to 9 million subscribers.


No Vaseline

"No Vaseline" is a 1991 rap song from Ice Cube. The single is about fights in N.W.A. Ice Cube fights back toward N.W.A members.

The song was released on October 29, 1991. Not long after the release, Dr. Dre left his group because he was not getting money. 

Kmart

Kmart (sometimes stylized as K-Mart) was an American company. Its headquarters were in Illinois. The company purchased Sears in 2005. It formed a new corporation under the name Sears Holdings Corporation.

The company was founded in 1962. Was once the third largest discount store in the world, behind Walmart and Target. Kmart has stores in the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Guam. There were stores in Canada, Mexico, and Eastern Europe. 

Kmart is known for its "Blue Light Specials". The phrase "attention Kmart shoppers" has been used in pop culture. Many movies were filmed at Kmart stores. These includes "Troop Beverly Hills", "Six Days Seven Nights", "Rain Man", "Beetlejuice", "Madea Goes to Jail" and "Dawn of the Dead".


The Dog Who Saved Easter

The Dog Who Saved Easter is an American family romantic comedy movie. It was released on March 18, 2014. The movie is a direct-to-video production. It was directed by Sean Olson. The movie is the second movie to feature Zeus the dog. The first movie is called "The Dog Who Saved Christmas Vacation" (2010).


The Wedding Ringer

The Wedding Ringer (formerly known as The Golden Tux) is a 2015 American buddy romantic comedy movie. It was written and produced by Jeremy Garelick. The movie was distributed by Screen Gems. The movie stars Kevin Hart, Josh Gad, Kaley Cuoco, and Olivia Thirlby. It released on January 16, 2015.

Jimmy (Kevin Hart) owns a wedding company. He provides best man services to socially awkward guys who don't have anyone close enough to be their best man. Doug (Josh Gad) is a groom-to-be. He finds himself without a best man. He turns to Jimmy for help.


Woods of Ypres

Woods of Ypres were a Canadian blackened doom metal band from Ontario.

Woods of Ypres was formed in Windsor, Ontario in 2002 by David Gold, Aaron Palmer, and Brian McManus.

The band released their first EP, "", in October 2002. In December, the band would move to Toronto to work on their first full-length album. Through Gold's record label, Krankenhaus Records, the band released their first full-length album, "Pursuit of the Sun & Allure of the Earth" on August 14, 2004. Their third album, "", was released on January 5, 2008.

After Gold returned from a work stint in South Korea, he moved the band to his hometown of Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario in 2008. They then began working on their fourth album, "" the next year. The album was released on November 13th, 2009. On October 18, 2010, the band signed with Earache Records. "Woods IV: The Green Album" was reissued through Earache Records in March 2011 .

On June 9, 2011, the band played their last concert in Richmond, Virginia. On December 21, 2011, frontman David Gold was involved in a car accident near Barrie, Ontario and died. The band would release their fifth and last studio album, "" on February 27, 2012 in Europe and on April 16, 2012 in North America. On April 20, 2013, the band won a Juno Award for Metal/Hard Music Album of the Year for "Woods 5: Grey Skies & Electric Light".





Lila &amp; Eve

Lila & Eve is an American drama movie. It was directed by Charles Stone III. It was written by Pat Gilfillan. The movie stars Jennifer Lopez and Viola Davis.

After her son was killed, Lila joins a support group. Lila meets Eve. She finds out that Eve's daughter died. The police is not helping Lila enough. Eve tells Lila to find the killers herself.

Fitzgerald River

The Fitzgerald River is in Western Australia. The river was explored by John Septimus Roe in 1848. Roe named the river after Charles Fitzgerald. Fitzgerald was the governor of Western Australia.

The river rises near the Lake Magenta Nature Reserve. It is 300 m above sea level. The river flows south through farmland to the Fitzgerald River National Park. The tributaries of the river are the Sussetta River, Jacup Creek, Tertup Creek, Tooartup Creek, and Martin Creek.

Ilya Salmanzadeh

Ilya Salmanzadeh (born 19 September 1986), known simply as Ilya, is a Swedish songwriter and music producer. Raised in Stockholm, he became known for writing and producing Ariana Grande's song, "Problem", with Max Martin. He has also worked on other songs with singers including Jennifer Lopez, Cher Lloyd and Jessie J.

John Septimus Roe

John Septimus Roe (8 May 1797–28 May 1878) was a naval officer, explorer, and surveyor. He was the first Surveyor-General of Western Australia. He explored the Fitzgerald River in 1848 during an expedition.


Jeremy Dale

Jeremy Dale (November 22, 1979 – November 3, 2014) was an American comic book artist. He was best known for his work on "". He also worked on the 2008 Harvey Award-winning "Popgun v.1" from Image Comics. He worked mostly as a penciller and inker.

Dale was born in 1980 in Indiana. He was married to Kelly and lived in Atlanta, Georgia. 

Dale, who had been hospitalized, died on November 4, 2014 at the age of 34.

Pinax

A pinax (plural: "pinakes") was a tablet or board In ancient Greece and Rome. 

It was used for writing, or for other purposes. These tablets were usually made of wood, terracotta, marble or bronze. Painted pinakes were given to the gods, or fixed on tombs. In common usage, a pinax was a wax-covered writing tablet. They were used from the 8th to the 6th century BC.

In Book 10 of his work "De Architectura", Vitruvius describes a hydraulic organ, in Chapter 8, section 3, he writes:
"In each channel are fixed stops, that are connected with iron finger-boards; on pressing down which, the communication between the chest and the channels is opened. Along the channels is a range of holes corresponding with others on an upper table, called πίναξ ("pinax") in Greek". 


Joni Ernst

Joni Kay Ernst (née Culver; born July 1, 1970) is an American politician. She has been Iowa's U.S. Senator since 2015. She is a Republican. Prior to being a U.S. Senator, she was an Iowa state senator. 

On November 4, 2014, she was elected to the United States Senate. Ernst is the first woman to represent Iowa in the United States Congress.

Ernst was born in Red Oak, Iowa.

Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo

Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo is a 1999 American sex comedy movie. It was the first movie directed by Mike Mitchell. The movie was produced by Sid Ganis and Barry Bernandi. "Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo" was released on December 10, 1999. It was the first movie to be released by "Happy Madison Productions". The movie is about an unlucky fishtank cleaner who goes into business as a male prostitute in an attempt to earn enough money to repair the damage that he caused while he was house-sitting.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 23% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. A sequel titled "" was released on August 12, 2005.


The Animal

The Animal is a 2001 American comedy movie. It was the first movie directed by Luke Greenfield. The movie was produced by Barry Bernardi, Carr D'Angelo, and Todd Garner. "The Animal" was released on June 1, 2001. The movie is about a man named Marvin Mange who is critically injured and is put back together by a mad scientist who transplants animal parts, which results in strange changes to his behavior.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 30% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Rob Schneider was nominated for a Razzie Award for Worst Actor of the Decade for his performance.


Amazon Echo

Amazon Echo is a smart speaker from Amazon.com. The product can play music and answers questions. It is a nine-inches-tall, cylinder-shaped device. It responds to the name "Alexa," though this can be changed to "Amazon" or "Echo."

Amazon Echo was released on November 6, 2014 through Amazon.com. Many critics gave it positive reviews. Gizmodo believed that Amazon Echo is "the most innovative device Amazon made in years." Many critics believe Amazon Echo is similar to Apple Inc.'s Siri, as well as Alphabet Inc.'s Google Home. Amazon Echo is the second device released by Amazon.com in 2014, after the Amazon Fire TV.

Arrondissements of the Nièvre department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Nièvre department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.
If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

The arrondissements are further divided into cantons and communes.

The arrondissements of the Nièvre department are:

Since its creation, the Nièvre department has had few changes:


Arrondissement of Château-Chinon (Ville)

The arrondissement of Château-Chinon (Ville), or simply arrondissement of Château-Chinon, is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Nièvre "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comtéregion. Its capital is the city of Château-Chinon (Ville).

When the Nièvre department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Château-Chinon (Ville) was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Château-Chinon (Ville) is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Clamecy, to the northeast by the Côte-d'Or (Burgundy) department, to the east and south by the Saône-et-Loire (Burgundy) department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Nevers.

It is the westernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the second largest in area of the department. It has 25,717 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only three cantons in the arrondissement of Château-Chinon (Ville): they are:

The "arrondissement" of Château-Chinon (Ville) has 80 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Clamecy

The arrondissement of Clamecy is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Nièvre "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital is the city of Clamecy.

When the Nièvre department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Clamecy was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Clamecy is bordered to the north and northeast by the Yonne (Burgundy) department, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Château-Chinon (Ville), to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Nevers and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire.

It is found in the northern part of the department, with an area of . It has 24,993 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only 2 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Clamecy:

The "arrondissement" of Clamecy has 84 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Riley Perrin

Riley Perrin is a fictional character. She is portrayed by Chelsea Kane. Riley is part of the main cast of ABC Family's show "Baby Daddy". Riley is Danny Wheeler's best friend. She also has a crush on his brother, Ben. Ben is unaware of her feelings. Ben's past sexual partner drops Emma in front of Ben's apartment. Riley helps Ben raise Emma. Ben's older brother Danny Wheeler, his mother Bonnie, and their friend Tucker Dobbs also helps.

Riley wants to become a lawyer. She fails the test three times. She finally passed her test. Riley becomes a lawyer after Bonnie fakes a case against the law firm. The law firm believes that Riley is "too nice". Riley doesn't have any female friends. She likes to hang out with the guys, drink beer and watch ice hockey. She makes fun of "girly girls". When she was in high school, Riley hated anyone who went to prom.

She picked on Ben for being skinny in high school. Riley is overly competitive. She screams at Danny during his ice hockey games if he doesn't score. Riley is elected captain of Ben's softball team in the episode "Take Her Out of the Ballgame". The team tries to remove her as team captain. They do this after Riley becomes obsessed of winning. Riley was named the maid of honor for her friend Katie's wedding. She becomes obsess of making the event the best wedding ever.

Riley sometimes doesn't want to be seen with Bonnie. This is because Bonnie is "embarrassing" to be around with. Riley and Bonnie are arrested in a shopping mall jail. They escape after Bonnie takes the keys from the officer she was flirting with. Riley's boss wants her to bring a female friend to a spa day. Riley doesn't want to bring Bonnie. She lies that the spa was burnt down. Bonnie finds out that she was lying. Riley instead takes Tucker's girlfriend Stephanie. Bonnie is upset of this decision. She calls Riley's boss about what happened. Riley's boss decides to bring Bonnie as her female friend to the spa.

In the first episode, Ben Wheeler finds out that he has a daughter. His last sexual partner, Angela, leaves Emma in front of Ben's apartment. Danny, who also lives with Ben and their friend Tucker, calls Riley over. Ben is surprise at Riley's new look. He last saw her when she was overweight and unattractive. Danny finds out that Riley has a crush on Ben. He uses this to keep her from leaving the apartment. Riley tells Danny that she should move on from Ben. She says this because he has a daughter now. Riley believes Ben can take care of Emma. Danny tells her that Ben signed the adoption papers. She believes he done this because no one believed he could do it. She tries to convince Danny and Tucker.

In the episode "I Told You So", Riley stands up for Ben. Ben's mother, Bonnie, believed that Ben made the wrong decision. She believes that Ben should have gave up Emma. Riley tries to convince Bonnie that Ben can do it. She tells her that Ben is staying home on a Friday night. She believes that men his age are out partying and drinking. Riley is jealous whenever Ben mentions a new woman he is interested in. In the episode "The Nurse and the Curse", Riley's nickname was "Fat pants". Many people called her this when she was overweight. When Ben's new girlfriend calls her "Fat pants", Riley wrestles her during Danny's ice hockey game. Riley is embarrassed of what she done. She tells Ben that she tries to hide that "side" of her.

Ben's brother, Danny Wheeler, has a crush on Riley. Riley is unaware. He tells his mother, Bonnie, that he has liked Riley since they were kids. He tells her that he loves her while on a fake date with Ben. Riley is glad that he had said this. She believed that Danny was trying to save her from making a wrong decision by going on a fake date with Ben which could leave her depressed. Danny doesn't know what to say and decides to keep his feelings to himself. Danny has mentioned his feelings about Riley only to his mother Bonnie and his friend Tucker. Danny accidentally leaves a voice message for Riley. In it, he tells her of the first time he fell in love with her. Danny, Bonnie, and Tucker follows Riley around town to delete the message on her phone. Bonnie drops her phone in water. Riley's new boyfriend Fitch fixes it for her. Riley listens to the message. She asks Danny if he has anything important to tell her. Riley goes back on a date with Fitch after Danny says no.

Ben finds out that Riley has a secret crush on him. They decide to give a relationship a try. However, Angela (Ben's baby mother), wants Ben back in her life. Angela ask Ben "if Riley wasn't your girlfriend, would you (Ben) and I (Angela) have a chance?". Ben says yes. Riley decides to end her relationship with Ben. Throughout season three, Ben tries to win over Riley. He believes that she is his soul mate (meant to be).


Trevor van Riemsdyk

Trevor van Riemsdyk (born July 24, 1991) is an American ice hockey defenseman. He currently plays for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before playing in the NHL, van Riemsdyk played 29 games of high school hockey at the Christian Brothers Academy in Lincroft, New Jersey. He then played 2 years with New Hampshire Junior Monarchs of the Eastern Junior Hockey League (EJHL) and 3 years with the New Hampshire Wildcats. He was impressive enough in his sophomore year to be named to the 2012-13 All-Hockey East First Team.

On March 24, 2014, the Chicago Blackhawks signed van Riemsdyk to a two-year entry-level deal. On October 9, 2014, he made his NHL debut in a 3–2 shootout win against the Dallas Stars.

His brother James van Riemsdyk also plays in the NHL for the Toronto Maple Leafs.


Arrondissement of Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire

The arrondissement of Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Nièvre "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital is the city of Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire.

When the Nièvre department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire was part of that original department, with the original name of "Cosne". In 1952, the name was changed to "Cosne-sur-Loire", and in 1973, after the "commune" "Cours" was joined to the "commune" Cosne-sur-Loire, the name was changed to the present name.

The "arrondissement" of Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire is bordered to the north by the Yonne (Burgundy) department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Clamecy, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Nevers and to the west by the Cher (Centre-Val de Loire) department.

It is the westernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of . It has 44,772 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only 3 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire:

The "arrondissement" of Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire has 63 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Nevers

The arrondissement of Nevers is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Nièvre "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Nevers.

When the Nièvre department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Nevers was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Nevers is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Clamecy, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Château-Chinon (Ville), to the south by the Allier (Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes) department and to the west by the Cher (Centre-Val de Loire) department.

The "arrondissement" is in the southwestern part of the department, with an area of , the largest in area of the department. It has 118,087 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" of Nièvre with more people living there, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The "arrondissement" of Nevers has 82 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Nièvre (Loire)

The Nièvre is a small river in France, right tributary of the Loire river. It flows through the Nièvre department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

Two "communes" of the Nièvre department have the name of the river in their names: Dompierre-sur-Nièvre and La Celle-sur-Nièvre.

The Nièvre river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 5.28 cubic metres per second at Uzy.

The source of the Nièvre is near the village "Bourras-la-Grange" in the Champlemy "commune", Nièvre department, at an altitude of about .

The Nièvre flows, in general, from the northeast to the southwest and passes through the following "cantons" and "communes", all in the Nièvre department:

Finally, it flows, as a right tributary into the Loire River in the centre of the city of Nevers, at of altitude.

The main tributaries of the Nièvre are (only right tributaries because the left tributaries are very short):

The Nièvre river flowing through downtown Nevers before joining the Loire river:


Tropic Thunder

Tropic Thunder is a 2008 American satirical action comedy movie. It is about actors making a fictional movie about the Vietnam War. Ben Stiller (who also directed) plays Tugg. Robert Downey, Jr. plays Kirk. Tom Cruise plays Les. Nick Nolte plays John.

This movie was released on August 13, 2008. It got positive reviews. It also made lots of money.

The movie got criticism for frequently using the word "retarded", which is an ableist word.

Werribee River

The Werribee River is a perennial river that flows across the volcanic plains west of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. One of the main rivers which flows into the Werribee River is the Lerderderg River. It begins in the hills near Ballan and flows for 110 kms before reaching Port Phillip Bay near the city of Werribee. 

Much of the area along the river is protected by parks, including the Werribee Gorge State Park. The river also flows through the Werribee Open Range Zoo. The Werribee River Trail follows the river from Tarneit to Werribee.

The Werribee River flows into the Melton Reservoir. Water from the river is used to irrigate the market gardens of Bacchus Marsh and Werribee South. The Western Treatment Plant, the main sewerage treatment plant for Melbourne, is near the river mouth on the bay.

Before the arrival of white settlers, the Werribee River was the boundary of the Bunurong tribe. Its six clans lived along the Victorian coast across the Mornington Peninsula, Western Port Bay to Wilsons Promontory.

In the late 1830s and 1840s the Werribee River was the scene of fighting between the Wautharong people and the European settlers. The squatter Charles Franks and a shepherd were speared to death near Mount Cottrell in July 1836. Because of this, John Batman led a group of men to punish the aborigines. They found a large group of aborigines and shot them, killing at least ten. There are also reports of flour containing arsenic being given to local aborigines.

In 1851 a large timber bridge was built to cross the Werribee River to replace an earlier wooden bridge. In 1852 this bridge was washed away when the river flooded.

In August 2004 the Victorian Government promised $300,000 to fix the Werribee River. This involved removing willow trees which were choking the river around the township and replacing them with native plants.

The explorers Hume and Hovell camped by the river on 15 December 1824. They named it the "Arndell" after Hovell's father-in-law. John Helder Wedge 're-discovered' the river in 1835 and at first called it the "Peel", but then changed it to the "Ex" or "Exe". Exford, an early crossing place on the river, is based on this name. One of the local Wautharong speaking Kulin tribesman that accompanied Wedge said the name for the stream was 'Weariby Yallock' ('yallock' meaning 'stream'). The spelling changed to the present form of "Werribee. T"he original aboriginal word meant "spine" or "backbone".

There are many things to do along the river. A network of bike and walking trails along the river showcase the many different kinds of plants and animals that live along the river. 

There are many fishing spots along the river. There are places to launch canoe and boats at the Werribee South Boat Ramp and Riverbend Historical Park.

Bird watching is also a popular activity. Care must be taken as there are Eastern Brown Snakes and other deadly fauna living near the river.



Tonic (music)

In music, the tonic note is the first note in a diatonic scale. It is the tonal centre, or the tone on which the music sounds finished. The triad, or chord, based on the tonic note, is the tonic chord. All other notes in a piece of music use the tonic note as a reference point. Musical scales are named after the tonic note. For example, the tonic of a scale of C, is the note C. The tonic is always numbered as one, or in traditional music theory as I (using Roman numerals).

Division of Pearce

The Division of Pearce is an Australian electoral division in the state of Western Australia. It covers the area north and east of Perth. It includes the towns of Gingin, Mundaring, Mount Helena, Chidlow, Northam, York, Yanchep, Brookton, Pingelly and Narrogin. It is named after Rt Hon Sir George Pearce, a founder of the Australian Labor Party in Western Australia, and the longest-serving member of the Australian Senate. It was set up for the 1990 federal election.

Fred Chaney had been a member of the Australian Senate, a cabinet minister in the Fraser government, and Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party. Judi Moylan was a minister in the Howard government.


THX

THX is the trade name of a high-fidelity sound reproduction standard. It was used for movie theaters, screening rooms, home theaters, computer speakers, gaming consoles, and car audio systems.

"THX" stands for "Tomlinson Holman's eXperiment". THX was developed by Tomlinson Holman at George Lucas's company Lucasfilm founded in 1983 to ensure that the soundtrack for the third "Star Wars" movie, "Return of the Jedi", would be accurately reproduced in the best venues.

The THX system is not a recording technology, and it does not specify a sound recording format. All sound formats, whether digital (Dolby Digital, SDDS) or analog (Dolby SR, Ultra-Stereo), can be "shown in THX." THX is mainly a quality assurance system. THX-certified theaters provide a high-quality, predictable playback environment to ensure that any movie soundtrack mixed in THX will sound as near as possible to the intentions of the mixing engineer. THX also provides certified theaters with a special crossover circuit whose use is part of the standard. Certification of an auditorium entails specific acoustic and other technical requirements; architectural requirements include a floating floor, baffled and acoustically treated walls, no parallel walls (to reduce standing waves), a perforated screen (to allow center channel continuity), and NC30 rating for background noise.

THX sets strict standards for high quality sound and images.

According to Tomlinson Holman, the inventor of the THX system, the name of the technology was deliberately chosen because it contained both a reference to his name, and to Lucas's early movie "THX 1138". The original name was "Tom Holman's Crossover" (Crossover being sometimes referred to as Xover) or the "Tom Holman eXperiment."

THX Ltd., the company that licenses THX and the associated technology, is based in San Rafael, California, but has offices in Burbank and Hollywood.

THX launched a certification program for HD video products to ensure HD projectors, LCDs, plasmas and DVRs meet high standards for quality. The TiVo Series3 HD DVR and a number of projectors from Runco and Vidikron became the first THX Certified HD products.

The THX II Certified Car Audio System can be found in many Lincoln automobiles produced since 2003. The system was recently recognized among the Best Car Audio Systems of 2006 by the editors of CNET.

THX Ltd. started a licensing program for home screening rooms in 2005, which requires standards similar in concept, though not in detail, to its cinema certification program; before this happened, there was a very small number of (very expensive) home theatres which were actually constructed to THX Cinema standards, most notable of actor and comedian Eddie Murphy.

The world's largest THX cinema is the Colosseum Kino in Oslo, Norway.

The distinctive crescendo used in the THX trailers is known as the "Deep Note."

The character in the THX trailers is called "Tex" and was created by John Lasseter at Pixar.

The THX trailer entitled "Cimarron", which first appeared at the start of the 1988 movie "Willow", used music composed by James Horner, while "Grand", which first appeared in theaters, featured a variation of the "Deep Note".

The THX Broadway logo on a DVD has a lower-pitched deep note, while the VHS/Laserdisc logo had a higher-pitched deep-note that was similar to "Wings" (1983).

The first theater THX was used in was at the University of Southern California's Eileen Norris Cinema Theatre as a part of USC's acclaimed film school. The Norris Theatre's THX system is currently second-best in California to that of the Grauman's Chinese Theatre.

Some trailers have references to, or are stylized to match, various movies and video games. Examples include:



Deep Note

Deep Note is a crescendo used for THX trailers. It was created by James A. Moorer in 1983, who was now an employee of the Lucasfilm Computer Division. The sound is used on trailers for THX-certified movie theatres and video releases. It was first used in the THX trailer shown before the 1983 premiere of "".

The U.S. trademark registration for the sound contains this description of it:
The Deep Note had originally been from a soft to a loud pitch. Over the years it has been remixed digitally which made the Deep Note with a more abridged sound. Beginning in 1988 the Deep Note became louder and abridged. In 1993 the Deep Note was cut short to save time for Laserdisc (1995 for VHS). Most recently, however, the Deep Note has been cut short to the single note (where both sounds stay in one pitch). This is in favor of other sound effects in certain THX logos.

The sound is perceived as louder than it actually is; sound designer Gary Rydstrom explains that, "from a technical standpoint, 'Deep Note' just feels loud because it has a spectrum of frequencies that grows from small to large."

James A. Moorer has been quoted as saying, "I like to say that the THX sound is the most widely-recognized piece of computer-generated music in the world. This may or may not be true, but it sounds cool!"

Furthermore,

Prior to the creation of Deep Note, several other works made use of similar techniques of frequency spread.

In their book "Analog Days", Trevor Pinch and Frank Trocco point to the track "Spaced", from the 1970 Beaver & Krause album "In a Wild Sanctuary" as the source for Deep Note. They quote synthesizer builder Tom Oberheim as saying the original analog form is much richer than the "digital perfection" used in movie theatres.

Other similar predecessors include:

The perceived loudness of the Deep Note is frequently depicted as having actual destructive effects:





Queanbeyan River

Queanbeyan River, a perennial stream in New South Wales, Australia. It is part of the Molonglo catchment. The catchment is in the Murray-Darling Basin. The river is in the Monaro and Capital Country regions of New South Wales. The river is in length. The river catchment is . The Queanbeyan River and the Cotter River meet the potable water supply needs of the Canberra and Queanbeyan region. The two regions' water quality is protected under federal legislation.

It is said the Aboriginal Ngarigo people used a word that sounded like "queanbeyan" to name the river. The word meant "clearwater".


In Through the Out Door

In Through the Out Door is the eighth studio album by English heavy metal band Led Zeppelin through Atlantic Records.

Coda (Led Zeppelin album)

Coda is the first compilation album by English heavy metal band Led Zeppelin. The album was released on 1982.

Boorowa River

The Boorowa River is in New South Wales, Australia. It is a perennial stream.
The river is part of the Lachlan catchment. The catchment is in the Murray-Darling basin. The river rises about north of Yass. It flows north. The river has two minor tributaries. It reaches its confluence with the Lachlan River about south–east of Cowra. The river drops over its course of .

The river flows through the town of Boorowa. The river is named after the town. Boorowa is an Aboriginal Wiradjuri word for kangaroo.

Derwent River

The Derwent is a river in Tasmania, Australia. It was named after the River Derwent, Cumbria, by British Commodore John Hayes who explored it in 1793. The name is Brythonic Celtic for "valley thick with oaks".
John Hays placed the name "Derwent River" only in the upper part of the river. Matthew Flinders placed the name on all of the river.

The banks of the Derwent were once covered by forests and occupied by Aborigines. European settlers farmed the area and during the 20th century many dams were built on its tributaries.


Concha Piquer

María de la Concepción Piquer López, also known as Concha Piquer (13 December, 1906 in Valencia, Valencian Community – 12 December, 1990 in Madrid) was a Spanish singer and actress.

She was one of the most successful couplist female singers.

Most of her singles were composed by the songwriters Salvador Valverde and Quintero, León and Quiroga. "Ojos verdes" ("Green eyes") was her most known single because of its controversial lyrics.

In September 1922, Piquer debuted in New York City on Manuel Penella's opera "The Wild Cat". She was living in tge United States, acting in Broadway theaters and movies.

Several years later, Piquer back to Spain. She stayed there the rest of her life. One year later the Civil War began and her songs were it [partially] censored by the Francoist politics.

In 1958, during a concert in Isla Cristina, Andalusia, she lost her pitch for a moment while singing. She continued with her performance. Five years later, she retired.

On 12 December 1990 she died in Madrid.



Charlotte Rampling

Charlotte Rampling (born 5 February 1946) is an English actress. She has appeared in English language, French and Italian cinema. She was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 2001 and received France's Legion of Honour in 2002.

Rampling's film career began in 1965. Her films include "Georgy Girl" (1966), Visconti's "The Damned" (1969), "The Night Porter" (1974), "Farewell My Lovely" (1975), Woody Allen's "Stardust Memories" (1980), Sidney Lumet's "The Verdict" (1982), "Angel Heart" (1987), "The Duchess" (2008) and Fred Schepisi's "The Eye of the Storm" (2011). She has been nominated four times for a Cesar Award, for "On ne meurt que 2 fois" (1985), "Sous le sable" (2000), "Swimming Pool" (2003) and "Lemming" (2005) and received an Honorary Cesar in 2001. On television, she starred in the 2012 BBC miniseries "Restless", for which she received an Emmy Award nomination.

Bisset was born in Sturmer, Essex, England. Her birth name is Tessa Charlotte Rampling. She is the daughter of Isabelle Anne and Godfrey Rampling, a olympic gold medalist. She had one sister, Sarah, who committed suicide in 1966 at the age of 23.

Jamison Reeves

Jamison Reeves is an actor, producer, cinematographer, director and writer. He is most known for his appearances in television commercials.



Kira Kazantsev

Kira Kazantsev (b. July 20, 1991) is an American beauty pageant winner. She was crowned Miss America on September 14, 2014. Before that, she was Miss New York 2014. She works against domestic violence and abuse. "She’s trilingual! Kazantsev — a daughter of Russian immigrants — speaks Russian and Spanish in addition to English."

Kazantsev was born in San Francisco, California.

Connie Dion

Joseph Conrad Etienne Dion (11 August 1918 – 7 November 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He played a career total of 38 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Detroit Red Wings.

Dion would play 38 games with the Detroit Red Wings over parts of 2 seasons. After he left the NHL, Dion spent most of his career in the American Hockey League (AHL). In the AHL, he would play 39 games for the Indianapolis Capitals, 303 games over 6 seasons with the Buffalo Bisons, and 8 games with the St. Louis Flyers. During the 1949-50 season, Dion was able to win the Harry (Hap) Holmes Memorial Award for recording the lowest goals against average. Dion also played in the United States Hockey League (USHL). He played 7 games for the Houston Huskies and 4 games for the Louisville Blades. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1952.

After he was hospitalized for 2 weeks, Dion died on 7 November 2014.

Music from Another Dimension!

Music from Another Dimension! is the 14th studio album by American hard rock band Aerosmith. The album was released on November 6, 2012. It was the group's first studio album of new material in 11 years. There are 15 songs on the album, although some special editions contained extra bonus songs.

Interlaced video

Interlaced video is a method to display an image. Images are drawn line by line, and interlacing means that the odd lines are drawn first, and the even lines are "filled in" later. The two parts of the image are called "fields", and are transmitted one after the other. 

Telefunken invented the method in the 1920s. Today it is widely used for displaying images and video.


Progressive scan

Progressive scan is the name for a technology for displaying images, where all the lines of the image are drawn in sequence. For television and video, this is opposed to interlaced video where the image is split in two halves, which are drawn in sequence.

Xenon hexafluoride

Xenon hexafluoride is a chemical compound of fluorine with xenon. It is one of three known such compounds; the others are xenon pentafluoride and xenon difluoride. It is a colorless solid, at room temperature. 

British Columbia Highway 1

British Columbia Highway 1 is part of the British Columbia section of the Trans-Canada Highway. It is 1,039 kilometers (646 miles) long across the southern part of British Columbia, including the part covered by ferries.

The highway starts near the provincial border with Alberta near Kicking Horse Pass, passign through the town of Field. Between the towns of Monte Creek and Cache Creek, the highway shares the same roadway with Highway 5 and Highway 97 for much of the distance. At West Vancouver on the Pacific coast of British Columbia, Highway 1 ends on the mainland at the Horseshoe Bay ferry terminal. The highway then resumes on Vancouver Island at the B.C. Ferry terminal near Departure Bay. The highway runs southward near the eastern coast of the island until it ends in the city of Victoria.

Big Generator

Big Generator is the 12th studio album by Yes. It was released on 21 September, 1987 through Atco Records and went to number 17 in the United Kingdom, number 15 in the United States and number 14 in Canada, Sweden and Japan. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1988. It has a more poppier sounding to their progressive rock sound.

Cherry Jones

Cherry Jones (born November 21, 1956) is an American actress. She has won two Tony Awards, three Drama Desk Awards, plus an Emmy Award. She played Pamela Duncan in the movie "Erin Brockovich". She also played Mimi in "The Lady in Question". 

Jones was born in Paris, Tennessee.

Hunter River (Western Australia)

The Hunter River is in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. The headwaters of the river rise below Donkins Hill. The river flows in a south-westerly direction. It empties into Prince Frederick Harbour. Then the river flows to the York Sound and the Indian Ocean.

The river was named by the explorer Philip Parker King in 1820. He was on the "Mermaid" while making charts in the area. The river was named after the surgeon on the "Mermaid", James Hunter.

The river has two waterfalls. They are the Hunter Falls and the Donkin Falls. Both falls drop . A large rock formation is at the mouth of the river. The area is popular with tourism companies. Wilderness cruises operate in the area.

Josh Gorges

Joshua Daniel Gorges (born August 14, 1984) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman that played for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League (NHL) and serves as their alternate captain. He has also played for the San Jose Sharks and the Montreal Canadiens.

Before playing in the NHL, Gorges played 4 seasons with the Kelowna Rockets of the Western Hockey League (WHL). During his time with the Rockets, he captained the team and helped them win the Memorial Cup in 2004. Gorges was awarded the George Parsons Trophy for being the most sportsmanlike player in the Memorial Cup tournament. Gorges also captained the WHL in the Canada-Russia challenge in November 2003.

He went undrafted but signed a contract with the San Jose Sharks as a free agent on September 20, 2002. On October 7, 2005, Gorges made his NHL debut with Sharks in a 6–3 loss to the Chicago Blackhawks. He played 2 seasons with the Sharks. On January 4, 2007, Gorges scored his first NHL goal against Dominik Hašek of the Detroit Red Wings in a 9–4 win.

On February 25, 2007, the Sharks traded Gorges along with their 1st round choice (Max Pacioretty) in 2007 NHL Entry Draft in exchange for Craig Rivet and Montreal's 5th round choice (Julien Demers) in 2008 NHL Entry Draft. On July 9, 2008, he signed a three-year, $3.3 million contract with the Canadiens.

On February 10, 2010, during a game against the Washington Capitals, Gorges was involved in an in-ice incident where he was hit on the left side of the head by a slap shot from Mike Green while attempting to block a shot. He was motionless on the ice for several minutes, with his head bleeding. He would be helped to the bench by doctors.

On February 19, 2011, He had successful reconstruction surgery on his injured right knee and he had to miss the remainder of the 2010–11 season. On July 22, 2011, during the off-season, Gorges signed a one-year, $2.5 million contract with the Montreal Canadiens. On January 1, 2012, he re-signed with the Canadiens with a six-year, $3.9 million contract.

On July 1, 2014, the Canadiens traded Gorges to the Buffalo Sabres in exchange for a 2nd round draft pick in 2016, after Gorges refused to waive his no-trade clause to be traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs. After 13 seasons in the NHL, he officially retired from playing on January 14, 2019.


Naat

Naat is poetry that speaks well of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. Some famous scholars in the early days of Islam wrote Naat. People who recite Naat are known as Naat-Khawan or Sanaa Khawan. The practice is popular in South Asia in India and Pakistan. Naat is often recited in Punjabi, Sindhi, or the Urdu language.


Annealing

Annealing is the name for a number of processes that change the properties of a piece of work using heat. In general the piece is heated to a certain temperature, and modelled while it cools off. Specifically, annealing can refer to:

Naat Khawan

A Naat Khawan or Sanaa Khawan is a person who recites the Naat. Naat is poetry that speaks well of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.

Ones' complement

The One's complement is an operation that can be done to binary numbers. It is obtained by swapping all the bits in the number, that is, replacing "1" with "0", or "0" with "1". In many systems, this is used to represent the inverse of a number. One of the big problems that occur when using One's complement is that the number zero has two representations, either all 0's or all 1's. Using 4 digits both "0000" and "1111" represent zero. This problem can be solved by using Two's complement.

Sporting Cristal

Club Sporting Cristal is a Peruvian football team based in the Rímac district, department of Lima, Peru. It was started December 13th, 1955. Sporting Cristal plays in the Peruvian First Division. It has won 16 league titles.







Mr. Deeds

Mr. Deeds is a 2002 American comedy movie. It was directed by Steven Brill and was produced by Sid Ganis and Jack Giarraputo. "Mr. Deeds" was released on June 28, 2002. The movie is a remake of the 1936 Frank Capra movie "Mr. Deeds Goes to Town".
The movie received negative reviews from critics and holds a 22% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. "Mr. Deeds" was nominated for three Razzie Awards. The movie was nominated for Worst Remake or Sequel, Adam Sandler was nominated for Worst Actor and Winona Ryder was nominated for Worst Actress.


Due to the September 11 attacks, the World Trade Center was digitally removed from the shots it appeared in.


West Vancouver

West Vancouver is a district municipality in the province of British Columbia, Canada. It is part of Metro Vancouver, which is the governing body of the Greater Vancouver Regional District. West Vancouver is northwest of the city of Vancouver, with English Bay to the south and Howe Sound to the northwest.

West Vancouver had a population of 46,694 people according to the 2011 census. Some events of the 2010 Winter Olympics were held at the Cypress Provincial Park, which is mostly within the municipal bounderies. The Horseshoe Bay Ferry Terminal, which ferries British Columbia Highway 1 to Vancouver Island, is also located in West Vancouver.

West Vancouver was founded in 1912, when it separated from the District of North Vancouver, which is just to its east. Along with the City of North Vancouver, these three municipalities are often called the "North Shore".

Earthenware

Earthenware is pottery which is porous (meaning water gets through tiny holes slowly). It was fired at a temperature which did not melt it into a glass-like vitreous form. So it is porous. Many types of pottery have been made from it. Until the 18th century it was the commonest type of pottery outside China.

Earthenware is a type of clay that when fired to make pottery is soft and can be scratched with a knife. It is opaque and has an grainy edge when broken. It is generally easier to shape on the potter's wheel than porcelain. Due to its porosity earthenware must be glazed in order to be watertight. Terracotta is earthenware.

Earthenware articles may be thick and heavy or as thin as bone china and porcelain. They are not translucent and are more easily chipped. They are less strong than stoneware.

Taylor Kitsch

Taylor Kitsch (born April 8, 1981) is a Canadian actor and model.

He is known for his roles as Tim Riggins in the television series, "Friday Night Lights", Gambit in "", Lieutenant Alex Hopper in "Battleship", John Carter in "John Carter", Chon in "Savages", Dr. Lewis in "The Grand Seduction", Michael Murphy in "Lone Survivor", and Bruce Niles in "The Normal Heart".

He was born in Kelowna, British Columbia. His mother was a member of the BC liquor board, and his father worked in construction. Before becoming an actor, Kitsch played junior ice hockey for the Langley Hornets in the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL), before his ice hockey career was ended because of a knee injury.




Working dog

A working dog is a dog that was bred or that was trained to perform specific tasks, which usually help a human. Common tasks include herding cattle, but also performing search and rescue operations, hunting, or being employed as guard dogs. Hearing dogs and guide dogs help people who are deaf or blind.

Lakehurst, New Jersey

Lakehurst is a borough in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, 2,636 people lived there.

Lakehurst was incorporated as a borough on April 7, 1921. It was made from parts of Manchester Township.

Lakehurst has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The town has a lake, Lake Horicon. The lake was created in 1942 by the Works Progress Administration. It was made by building Horicon Dam on two branches of the Toms River.

Lakehurst first became known as a winter resort around the turn of the 20th century. In 1911, the rope factory in the town burned down. After that, a volunteer fire department was created.

On May 6, 1937, the German zeppelin "Hindenburg" was arriving from Frankfurt am Main. It caught fire at the Lakehurst Naval Air Station and burned up.

Lakehurst is at the western end of New Jersey Route 37. New Jersey Route 70 is the main highway through the borough. County Route 547 connects from the north.

Lakehurst is on the former Central Railroad of New Jersey Southern Division Main Line. The Barnegat Branch used to go from Lakehurst through Toms River and Beachwood down to Barnegat.

People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Lakehurst include:


Silence

Silence means no sound that can be heard. It can also mean no communication.

A moment of silence is a common way to remember tragedies.

The right to silence is a legal protection for people being interrogated by police in some countries.


Brazil during World War Two

Brazil was one of the Allies of World War II. It was also the only Ally from South America to provide troops. The country made significant contributions to the war effort. They sent an expeditionary force to fight alongside the allies in the Spring 1945 offensive in Italy. The Brazilian Navy and Air Force helped the Allies in the Atlantic from 1942 until the end of the war in 1945. 

At the beginning of World War II Brazil was neutral. They traded with both the Allied and Axis Forces. But after 1939 the war made trade with Europe difficult. They turned to the United States as a trading partner. The Americans pressured Brazil to join the Allies. This led to the Joint Brazil-U.S Defense Commission, which was designed to counter Axis influence in South America. At the beginning of 1942 Brazil permitted the US to set up air bases on its soil. This came as an agreement that the US would help establishing a national steel industry in Brazil, the Companhia Siderúrgica Nacional. This would initially help supply the Allies industrial demand for steel, and after the war, contribute to the country’s industrialization and development. 
Brazil also broke off diplomatic relations with Germany, Japan, and Italy. 

As a result of Brazil´s decision, from the end of January to July 1942, German navy U-boats sank 13 Brazilian merchant ships, causing severe damage to Brazilian shipping. In total, 21 German and two Italian submarines caused the sinking of 36 Brazilian merchant ships causing 1,691 drownings and 1,079 other casualties. The sinkings were the main reason that led the Brazilian government to declare war against the Axis. Finally, Vargas declared war on both Germany and Italy on August 22 1942. It is known that 9 U-Boats were sunk off the Brazilian Coast over the course of the war.
The Brazilian Expeditionary Force or BEF () was a force of about 25,344 men. They were organized as a division of the US Fifth Army. They were delayed in getting started by difficulties in getting organized. Some in Brazil thought the government was not that anxious to send troops into battle. A popular saying at the time was that it was more likely for "snakes to smoke" () than to get the BEF going. It is the same as the saying "When pigs fly", meaning it will probably never happen. When the BEF did enter the war, they proudly wore their arm patch showing a cobra with a pipe in its mouth. They called themselves the "Smoking Cobras". 

They were organized as a standard American division. They wore American uniforms with Brazilian rank and unit markings. The BEF was divided into three battalions of 5,000 men each. They were the 1st, 6th and 11th regimental combat teams. Their record in Italy was impressive. At the Battle of Collecchio the BEF defeated the German 148th Division and the Italian Monte Rosa, San Marco and Italia divisions. They captured 14,700 troops and 800 officers (including 2 Generals). During the eight months of battle in Italy, the BEF captured a total of 20,573 Axis soldiers. 450 BEF troops and 13 officers died while fighting on the front.

The Brazilian Navy and Air Force played a large role in the Battle of the Atlantic. They started in mid-1942 and operated until the end of the war in 1945. They performed anti-submarine and patrol operations in the South Atlantic. They had American ships through the Lend-Lease program. They acquired several submarine-chasers, 8 destroyer escorts and 3 Fleet destroyers. The larger destroyers were built in Rio de Janeiro to US designs. Their Air Force received a number of modern plane types. These included Curtiss P-36 Hawks, Curtiss P-40 Warhawks and North American B-25 Mitchells. For patrol aircraft they received Lockheed Hudsons, Lockheed Venturas and long range Consolidated PBY Catalina Flying boats. 

The effect was almost immediate. Between July and December 1943 alone, the Brazilian Air Force and Navy destroyed six German submarines. Of the 7,000 Brazilian sailors who fought, about 500 were killed in action. During the war the Navy protected 3,164 merchant ships. Only three were sunk while under their protection. Air Force pilots flew a total of 2,550 sorties. They flew only 5% of the missions in theatre. but they destroyed 85% of the ammunition dumps, 36% of the fuel depots and 28% of the bridges while they were active.


Zoni

Zoni is a Japanese soup containing rice cakes. It is eaten on New Year's Day. Tofu, potato, chicken, Kamaboko (boiled fish paste) and other ingredients are used for making it. This soup is made from Kombu (sea tangle), Katsuo (bonito) or Niboshi (dried small sardines). There are two kinds of rice cake, round and square. The recipe depends on homes and regions.

Zoni has been eaten since about 1300. People eat it praying to God for a happy year. The word "Zoni" comes from an old Japanese tradition.


Osaka Castle

Toyotomi Hideyoshi made the people build Osaka castle in the year 1583 (天正11年). In 1620, Tokugawa Hidetada started to rebuild Osaka Castle and it finished in 1629. Osaka Castle had been destroyed by fire twice. First, The Summer Battle of Osaka (大阪夏の陣) in 1645. Second, during World War II. 

In 1948, Osaka castle's restoration was started. Now Osaka Castle tower is the symbol of Osaka town.

Momiji manju

Momiji manju is a type of steamed bun: a small cake stuffed with sweetened bean paste. It is shaped just after a Japanese maple leaf. It is a souvenir at Itsukushima Shrine on Miyajima Island, Hiroshima. It was first made in the last part of the 19th century. The origin of its name is Momiji-dani, which is a famous place in Miyajima.

It is made from eggs, sugar, wheat, flour and honey. It has a bean jam filling wrapped in sponge cake. It is baked.

There are many types of fillings, including koshian bean jam, tsubuan bean jam, white bean jam, green tea, chestnut, cheese, chocolate and cream. There are also different recipes like raw Momiji and fried Momiji.


Hagi, Yamaguchi

Hagi is a city in Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan. There are 50,089 people living there. Twin towns are Ulsan, Jeollanam-do Yeongam-gun in Korea, and Ühlingen-Birkendolf in Germany. Hagi holds a camellia festival from the middle of February to the end of March. It has a Hagi-ware festival in the beginning of March. 

In the last days of the Tokugawa shogunate, Yoshida Shoin built the Shoka son school, where he taught many famous people. For example, Kido Takayoshi, Takasugi Shinsaku and Ito Hirobumi. They became the Meiji Restoration leaders.


Awa Dance Festival

The Awa Dance Festival is held in Tokushima, Japan. It held in the biggest street of the town from 12 to 15 August. It is part of the Obon festival. Both of men and women wear yukata, a Japanese traditional cloth. The man wear a Japanese towel. The women wear bamboo hat. They dance and walk with the musical accompaniment. Shamisens, flutes, gongs and drums are played around the city. Men and women dance differently. There are some groups called "ren". The groups have different styles of dance. There are some new groups called "niwaka ren". Beginning dancers can participate in Awa dance in niwaka-ren groups. The Awa dance has a unique song. The phrase is "Odoru ahou ni miru ahou onaji ahou nara odorana son son". It means that "The dancers are fools. The watchers are fools. Both are fools alike so, Why not dance?" In brief, dancers invite watchers. 


Hiroshima University

Hiroshima University is a university in Higashihiroshima and Hiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan. It was founded on 31 May 1949. It has about 15,000 students.

Kagamiyama 1-3-2, Higashihiroshima-shi, Hiroshima Prefecture 


60 percent of engineering graduates enter graduate school.



Restless Heart (Whitesnake album)

Restless Heart is the ninth studio album by English heavy metal band Whitesnake. The album was released in March 1997. It was the group's first studio album of new material in 8 years. The album charted at number 34 on the UK Albums Chart.

Umaibou

Umaibou is a popular snack in Japan. It is sold for 10 yen a piece. There are many different flavors. It is popular with children and young men. It is sold also in Taiwan and South Korea. Because it is popular, there are many goods that relate to it, like lip balm or bath salts. 


Shinsengumi

Shinsengumi was a military police force in Japan in the Edo era. Shinsengumi was organized by Katamori Matsudaira. He was an Aizu feudal lord. They were gathered to defend Kyoto against political opponents. Shinsengumi became famous by the Ikedaya Incident. They became part of the army after the Tokugawa shogunate was overthrown by a new government in the Meiji Restoration. Isami Kondo who was the head was arrested and punished. Toshizo Hijikata who was the subleader fought to the last battlefield in the Meiji Restoration. He was killed in the battle. Hajime Saito who was third section commander became a police officer in the Meiji Restoration.


Monjayaki

Monjayaki is a popular Japanese food. It is made from flour mixed with water or Worcestershire sauce. Other ingredients are added such as cabbage. It is grilled. It is eaten in various regions. The main ingredients of Monja vary by region.

Monjayaki might have been first made in Tsukishima, Tokyo. At first, it was made from only soy sauce, flour, and water. Now other things are added, such as a cabbage and cuttle fish.


Sakurajima

The eruptions of this mountain have been recorded many times in history. The Great Taisho (大正) eruption in 1914 connected this island to a peninsula. 58 people were killed and 112 people were injured. These days, we can see a lot of eruptions.
The information about which way the wind blows is important to know if ash is falling or not. So, the Kagoshima weather forecast reports it. People in Sakurajima take a drill to escape from the island. Japan Meteorological Agency watches this mountain all days. We can see the latest picture from these cameras at JMA's website.



Gagaku

Gagaku is classical Japanese court music. Gagaku was brought to Japan from China in the 8th century. The meaning of Gagaku is literally 'elegant music'. Most of the music that survives is classified as "Togaku" (music from the Tang Dynasty). They are performed as dance pieces and concert pieces. In modern Japan, "Gagaku" is performed at ceremonies like that of New Year or a wedding held at a Shinto shrine. 

Gagaku instruments consists of wind instruments, string instruments and percussion instruments. There are three type of wind instruments. They are Sho, Hichiriki and Ryuteki. There are mainly two kinds of stringed instruments, Koto and Biwa. Also there are three kinds of percussion instruments, Dadaiko, Shoko and Kakko. The wind instruments usually carry the melody. The two huge drums called "dadaiko" are a colorful part of a Gagaku performance. 

Gagaku music's most famous piece is called "Etenraku" (divine music). Gagaku music is intended to bring spiritual healing to the listeners. The dance is intended to bring a sense of elegance and harmony. Gagakku is still performed at the Emperor's court in Japan.


Battleship Yamato

The Yamato was a Japanese super battleship that served in the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) during World War II. Along with its sister ship, the Musashi, they were the largest battleships ever built.

Yamato was built at Kure, Japan. She entered service on 16 December 1941. It was one of five planned super battleships although only two were built: Yamato and Musashi. The allies had no clue Japan had built these monsters until they were first spotted.

Yamato was huge, even by the standards of todays warships and displaced 62, 315 tons. Yamato had nine 18-inch guns which were the largest in the world at the time. She was long. Yamato's armor was thick. Her guns were her most feared weapons. They fired shells that weighed 3,200 pounds each (the size of a compact car!). They had a range of . Yamato was designed to fight and destroy US battleships. But it never faced one in battle.

In the 1920s and 1930s the battleship was the ultimate power in naval warfare. But the Japanese, by their attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941 proved aircraft carriers were now the most powerful weapon. This meant battleships were already out of date. When the war started, Yamato was the flagship of the Combined Fleet commander Isoroku Yamamoto. It spent much of 1942 defending Japanese shipping out of Truk. Torpedoed by a US submarine in 1943 it was under repair until 1944. Because attack from the air was now the main threat, Yamato was fitted with additional anti-aircraft guns. In June 1944 Yamato took part in the Battle of the Philippine Sea. In October Yamato was in the Battle of Leyte Gulf. During the battle she fired her guns at US escort carriers thinking they were full sized carriers. She was attacked by several US destroyers and received some damage. Returning to Japan in November she was again fitted with more anti-aircraft guns. By then Japan no longer had the resources to keep Yamato operating. In 1945, Yamato left for Okinawa as part of the suicidal Operation Ten-Go. It was an effort to attack US ships supporting the Battle of Okinawa. But, off the coast of Kagoshima, it was sunk by U.S. aircraft on 7 April.

After the war, the Yamato became a fascinating subject in Japan and elsewhere. In 1985 her wreckage was located under of water. It lies on the seabed broken into two sections. The name Yamato lives on in the anime series Space Battleship Yamato.


Born 2 B Blue

Born 2 B Blue is the fifteenth studio album by Steve Miller Band. The album was released in 1988. It was last studio album with label Capitol Records.

Pope Alexander II

Pope Alexander II (born Anselmo da Baggio; ??? − 21 April 1073) was pope of the Catholic Church from 30 September 1061 until 21 April 1073 when he died. 

He was born Anselmo da Baggio in Milan to a noble family. In 1065, he wrote to Béranger, the Viscount of Narbonne, and to Guifred, the bishop of the city. He praised them for having prevented the massacre of the Jews in their district. He also reminded them that God does not approve of the shedding of blood. The same year, Alexander II warned Landulf VI of Benevento "that the conversion of Jews is not to be obtained by force." He also called for a crusade against the Moors in Spain in the same year.

He died on 21 April 1073 in Rome and was buried in St. Peter's Basilica. He was succeeded by Pope Gregory VII.

Heidi (movie)

Heidi is a 1937 musical-drama movie. It is about a Swiss orphan girl named Heidi, who is sent from her home in the Swiss Alps to Frankfurt, Germany, to live with Klara, an isolated wealthy girl in a wheelchair, under the watch of the strict housekeeper Fräulein Rottenmeier. Shirley Temple plays the title character. 

This movie was released on October 15, 1937.

Ipbuk-dong

Ipbuk-dong is a place in Suwon where many people live. Ipbuk-dong has some apartments named Seosuwon Xii, Prugio and Ungbi. Ipbuk elementary school has 314 children. Ipbuk-dong has some small academies that teach piano, art, and taekwondo.

Ipbuk-dong has some small restaurants that serve Chinese food and chicken. Ipbuk-dong has some small shops, dry cleaners, and hardware shops.

Relational model

The relational model for database management is a database model based on first-order predicate logic. Edgar F. Codd proposed it in 1969. In the relational model of a database, all data is represented in terms of tuples, grouped into relations. A database organized in terms of the relational model is called relational database.

The purpose of the relational model is to provide a declarative method for specifying data and queries: users directly state what information the database contains and what information they want from it. The structure in which the data is stored, and the task of responding to users' requests and retrieving the data is left to the database system, and is not visible to the user.

Most relational databases use the SQL data definition and query language; these systems implement what can be regarded as an engineering approximation to the relational model. A "table" in an SQL database schema corresponds to a predicate variable; the contents of a table to a relation; key constraints, other constraints, and SQL queries correspond to predicates. Today, many database systems are different from the original model. Codd fiercely argued against deviations that compromise the original principles.

John T. Dorrance

John Thompson Dorrance (1873 – 1930) was an American chemist. While working at the Campbell Soup Company he discovered a method to create condensed soup. Dorrance served as president of the Campbell Soup Company from 1914 to 1930.

Dorrance was born in Bristol, Pennsylvania November 11, 1873. His parents were John and Eleanor (Thompson) Dorrance. He earned a Bachelor of Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He received a PhD degree from the University of Göttingen in Germany in 1897. Dorrance then returned to the United States to work for his uncle at the Joseph Cambell Preserve Company. His uncle started him at $7.50 per week. Dr. Dorrance also had to provide his own equipment and supplies for his laboratory. While studdying in Europe, Dorrance became used to having soup with his meals. He wanted to perfect a method of canning soup and adding it their product line. In 1897 he invented condensed soup. By removing the water it reduced the weight of the can. A lighter can cost less to transport to stores. The company was able to sell their condensed soup for 10 cents a can. The product was a success for the company. His uncle raised his pay to $9.00 a week. Dorrance also designed the now classic red and white label for Campbells Soup.

In 1900 Dorrance became vice president of the Joseph Cambell Preserve Company. At the Exposition Universelle in Paris that year, Campbell's soups won a gold medal. The medal is still shown on the soup cans today. Dorrance found that workers had time on their hands watching the soup cook in the factory. To occupy their time Dorrance created a new product: canned pork and beans. In 1914 Dorrance became president of the company, now called the Campbell Soup Company. He died of a heart disease on September 22, 1930 in Camden, New Jersey.


Steatoda

Steatoda is a spider genus. It includes more than 120 recognized species around the world. They are often dark spiders.

The spiders are often mistaken for widow spiders. They are often called false black widows. These spiders are less harmful to humans. They are shaped similar to widow spiders. 

Scarus ghobban

Scarus ghobban is a member of the "Scaridae" family. "Scarus ghobban "is also known as the blue-barred parrotfish. Ancient writers described them as 'parrot fish'.

This species is blue-green to green in color. It often grows to about .
It may have a central stripe on the dorsal and anal fins that is pink in color. The underside of the body may be pinkish or yellowish. There may be blue markings around the area of the pectoral fin.

"Scarus ghobban" is found in waters around Africa, the Mediterranean and Red Seas. They are also found in the Galápagos Islands and the Eastern Pacific Ocean.

"Scarus Ghobban" occurs in places with sandy bottoms. It also lives near reefs. Males usually live at depths of about , females live in deeper waters.

Vorontsov

The House of Vorontsov, also Woronzow, Woroncow (Russian: Воронцо́в) is the name of a celebrated Russian family which were later given the rank of Count of the Holy Roman Empire in 1744 and became "Serene Princes of the Russian Empire" in 1852. During the reign of Empress Elizabeth of Russia the family reached the height of their influence and wealth and Elizaveta Vorontsova was later a mistress of Emperor Peter III. The family also had a large palace in St Petersburg built to reflect their wealth and influence.

Climax community

In ecology, climax community is a term for a stable biological community of plants, animals and fungi. 

After a process of ecological succession the vegetation in an area reaches a steady state. Its stability is not guaranteed: invasive species and climate change can cause changes. However, relatively, the system is stable.

This equilibrium was thought to occur because the climax community is composed of species best adapted to average conditions in that area. The term is sometimes also applied in soil development. 

The idea of a single climatic climax, which is defined in relation to regional climate, originated with Frederic Clements in the early 1900s. The first analysis of succession as leading to something like a climax was written by Henry Cowles in 1899, but it was Clements who used the term "climax" to describe the idealized endpoint of succession.

Uranium mining

Uranium mining takes uranium ore from the ground for processing. Kazakhstan, Canada, and Australia are the top three producers and together account for 64% of world uranium production. Uranium from mining is mostly used as fuel for nuclear power plants. Health and environmental studies show that radiation exposure poses a risk for uranium miners. In 1990, Congress passed legislation to help those affected by mining. As of July 2014, the price of uranium concentrate remained near a five-year low, the uranium price having fallen more than 50% from the peak price in January 2011, and reflecting loss of demand following the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster. Some plans for new mines and mine expansion have been deferred.

The worldwide production of uranium in 2012 amounted to 58,000 tonnes. Kazakhstan, Canada, and Australia are the top three producers and together account for 64% of world uranium production. Other important uranium producing countries are Niger, Namibia, Russia, Uzbekistan, the United States, China, and Malawi.

Uranium from mining is mostly used as fuel for nuclear power plants. Uranium ores are normally processed by grinding the ore materials to a uniform particle size and then treating the ore to extract the uranium by chemical leaching. The milling process commonly yields dry powder consisting of natural uranium, "yellowcake," which is sold on the uranium market as UO.

In 1950, the US Public Health service began a comprehensive study of uranium miners, leading to the first publication of a statistical correlation between cancer and uranium mining, released in 1962. The federal government eventually regulated the standard amount of radon in mines, setting the level at 0.3 WL on January 1, 1969.

Out of 50 present and former uranium milling sites in 12 states, 24 have been abandoned, and are the responsibility of the US Department of Energy. Accidental releases from uranium mills include the 1979 Church Rock uranium mill spill in New Mexico, called the largest accident of nuclear-related waste in US history, and the 1986 Sequoyah Corporation Fuels Release in Oklahoma.

In 1990, Congress passed the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act (RECA), granting reparations for those affected by mining, with amendments passed in 2000 to address criticisms with the original act.

As of July 2014, the price of uranium concentrate remained near a five-year low, the uranium price having fallen more than 50% from the peak price in January 2011, and reflecting loss of Japanese demand following the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster. Because of continued low prices, in February 2014 mining company Cameco put back plans to expand production from existing Canadian mines, although it continued work to open a new mine at Cigar Lake. Also in February 2014, Paladin energy suspended operations at its mine in Malawi, saying that the high-cost operation was losing money at current prices.

U produces ~40% of the radioactive heat produced within the Earth. The decay of U to daughter isotopes is extensively used in radiometric dating, particularly for material older than ~1 million years.

Kronk's New Groove

Kronk's New Groove (also known as The Emperor's New Groove 2: Kronk's New Groove) is a 2005 American direct-to-video animated musical comedy movie. It was directed by Elliot M. Bour and Saul Andrew Blinkoff and was produced by Prudence Fenton and John A. Smith. "Kronk's New Groove" was released on December 13, 2005. The movie is a spin-off and sequel to the 2000 animated movie, "The Emperor's New Groove".

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 0% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie was nominated for Best Home Entertainment Production, Best Storyboarding in an Animated Feature Production and Best Writing in an Animated Feature Production at the 33rd Annie Awards.


Additional voices were provided by Carlos Alazraqui, Christopher Daniel Barnes, Brian Cummings, Debi Derryberry, Bill Farmer, Jennifer Hale, Jess Harnell, Sophie U. Heyman, Jane Krakowski, Mark Lotito, Tress MacNeille, Mickie T. McGowan, Travis Oates, Devika Parikh, Bob Peterson, Steve Purcell, Jan Rabson, Grace Rolek, Leily Joan Sanchez, Dan Scanlon, Ross Simanteris, Kath Soucie, Aaron Spann and James Kevin Ward.


List of books about nuclear issues

This is a list of books about nuclear issues. They are recent non-fiction books which relate to uranium mining, nuclear weapons and/or nuclear power.




Williamina Fleming

Williamina Paton Stevens Fleming (May 15, 1857 – May 21, 1911) was a Scottish astronomer. She helped develop a common organization system for stars. She also and kept track of thousands of stars and other astronomical items. Fleming discovered the Horsehead Nebula in 1888. Fleming died in Boston of pneumonia in 1911.



Fleming (lunar crater)

Fleming is a large lunar crater on the Moon's far side. It was named after the astronomer Williamina Fleming (18571911). 

Fleming cannot be seen from the Earth. It lies about a crater diameter to the east-northeast of Hertz and is northwest of Lobachevskiy. The low rim of this crater is heavily eroded. The floor of the crater is also marked by a number of small impacts.

In Mortal Hands

In Mortal Hands: A Cautionary History of the Nuclear Age is a 2009 book by Stephanie Cooke. The book says that nuclear energy failed to develop in the way its planners hoped, and explores the military and civilian sides of nuclear energy. In the book, Cooke says that we are not close to solving the nuclear waste problem, and that "the billions spent by government on nuclear over the past sixty years crowded out other energy options". The book suggests that there are practical reasons why nuclear reactors are unlikely to provide a solution to the global climate change problem.

Stephanie Cooke has written about the nuclear industry since the 1980s, and is a contributor to the "Bulletin of Atomic Scientists". There have been many media interviews about "In Mortal Hands". 



Some Hearts

Some Hearts is the debut studio album by American country music singer Carrie Underwood. The album was released on November 15, 2005 through Arista Nashville. Some Hearts stayed on the Billboard Top 200 for over two years. It sold over 6 million copies. it was the best-selling album of 2005, 2006 and 2007 by a female country artist.

Calling All Stations

Calling All Stations is the fifteenth and final studio album by English progressive rock band Genesis. The album was released on September 2, 1997 through Atlantic Records. It was the group's first studio album of new material in six years. It reached No. 54 in the US during five weeks in the chart. "Calling All Stations" reached No. 2 in the UK.

Contesting the Future of Nuclear Power

Contesting the Future of Nuclear Power: A Critical Global Assessment of Atomic Energy is a 2011 book by Benjamin K. Sovacool, published by World Scientific. Sovacool’s book explores the global nuclear power industry, its fuel cycle, nuclear accidents, environmental impacts, social risks, and economics. There is a postscript on the Japanese 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster. Based on detailed analysis, Sovacool concludes "that a global nuclear renaissance would bring immense technical, economic, environmental, political, and social costs". He says that it is renewable energy technologies which will enhance energy security, and which have many other advantages.

Reviewer Mark Diesendorf says that one weakness of the book is the limited coverage of nuclear weapons proliferation. He says that governments of several countries (e.g., France, India, North Korea, Pakistan) have used nuclear power and/or research reactors to assist nuclear weapons development.



Carl Öst

Carl Öst, born 19 January 1908 in Alfta Parish, Sweden, dead 13 February 1988 in Ovanåker Parish, Sweden was a Swedish singer and musician. He played the violin and the guitar. He originally played folk music. He later switched to Christian music.



Penthouse

A Penthouse is typically an apartment on the highest floor of an apartment building. It usually takes up less than half of the entire (flat) roof of the building. Originally the word penthouse meant a small building with a sloped roof. The modern use of the word started in the 1920s in America. In the age of skyscrapers the "house" on the roof was called a penthouse. A penthouse can also be commercial space.

Office buildings have penthouse office suites. Another use for a penthouse is as a restaurant or Café. Their position on a top floor of a building allows for scenic views while dining. The Museum of Modern Art in New York City has a penthouse meeting area. A penthouse can also house a studio, such as a photographic studio.

Under some Building codes a penthouse cannot be more than one-third the size of the floor below it. There is no limit to the number of penthouses a building can have. The only limit is the amount of space they can take up (one-third rule). Also, some building codes do not allow mechanical or electrical equipment to count as a penthouse unless they are enclosed by a roof.


Alexei Devotchenko

Aleksey Valerievitch Devotchenko (Алексе́й Вале́рьевич Дево́тченко 14 October 1965 – 5 November 2014) was a Russian actor and activist. He was a member of the United Civil Front in St. Petersburg, the participant Dissenters. March 10, 2010 signed the appeal of the Russian opposition "Putin must go". Participated in other political actions liberal direction.

On 18 November 2011, in his blog in the "Live Journal" Devotchenko announced that refuses the title "Honored Artist of Russia" and the two State Prizes of Russia,were strongly against the policies of President Putin. On 5 November 2014, Alexei Devotchenko was found dead in his apartment in Moscow.


Rick Rosas

Rick ("Rick the Bass Player") Rosas (September 10, 1949 – November 6, 2014) was an American musician. He has played with Neil Young, Joe Walsh, Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, Jerry Lee Lewis, Johnny Rivers, Ron Wood, Etta James, and the short-lived reunion of the Buffalo Springfield, among others. Rosas was born in Los Angeles, California.

Rosas died on November 6, 2014, in Los Angeles, California from lung disease. He was 65.

Lady Marmalade

"Lady Marmalade" is a R&B single. It was first performed by Patti LaBelle and her group Labelle. The song is about a prostitute in New Orleans. The Labelle version was released on August 3, 1974. 

The song hit #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for one week.

The song has been covered by other musicians, including All Saints, Christina Aguilera and many more. A 2001 version from Christina Aguilera, Lil' Kim, Mya, and Pink was part of the movie "Moulin Rouge!".

Victor Kostetskiy

Victor Alexandrovich Kostetskiy (; 12 April 1941 – 6 November 2014) was a Russian and Soviet actor. Kosteskiy was born in Zhmerinka. He was known for his roles in "Wedding Krechinsky", "Truffaldino from Bergamo", and in "Treasure Island".

Kostetskiy died on November 6, 2014 at the age of 74 in Saint Petersburg, Russia.


Tommy Macpherson

Colonel Sir (Ronald) Thomas Stewart Macpherson CBE, MC and Two Bars, TD, DL (4 October 1920 – 6 November 2014) was a Scottish businessman. He was a decorated British Army officer during and after the Second World War. Macpherson was born in Edinburgh, Scotland.

Macpherson died on 6 November 2014 in Edinburgh, Scotland, aged 94.

Alok Nembang

Alok Nembang (1973 - 6 November 2014) was a Nepali movie director. He was also a well-known music video director in Nepal for several decades. He was known for his movie "Kohi Mero" (2010).

On November 6, 2014, Alok was found dead at his home in Kathmandu in an apparent suicide.

Juan Taverna

Juan Taverna (13 April 1948 – 7 November 2014) was an Argentine former footballer. From 1968 to 1971, he played for Estudiantes de La Plata. From 1973 to 1974, he played for Real Murcia. And for a few months in 1976, he played for Boca Juniors as a forward scoring only 3 goals.

Piece of Me

"Piece of Me" is a 2007 pop single performed by Britney Spears. It is about a response to media scrutiny in Spears' life.

The song was from her fifth studio album "Blackout". It peaked at #18 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and reached #1 on certain other charts.

The song was released on November 27, 2007.

Ernie Vandeweghe

Ernest Maurice "Ernie" Vandeweghe Jr. (September 12, 1928 – November 8, 2014) was an American physician, a United States Air Force veteran and professional basketball player. He was best known for playing for the New York Knicks of the NBA. He and his wife Colleen Kay Hutchins (Miss America for 1952) are the parents of former NBA All-Star (and former New Jersey Nets coach) Kiki Vandeweghe and grandfather of tennis professional Coco Vandeweghe.

Vandeweghe died at the age of 86 on November 8, 2014 in Newport Beach, California.

Hugo Sánchez Portugal

Hugo Sánchez Portugal (June 15, 1984 – November 8, 2014) was a Mexican footballer and sports commentator with Televisa Deportes. He was the son of former player and manager of the Mexican national team, Hugo Sánchez.

On November 8, 2014, he was found dead in his Polanco apartment. The cause of death was later confirmed to be carbon monoxide poisoning.

Otto Ziege

Otto Ziege (14 June 1926 – 8 November 2014) was a German racing cyclist. He won the German National Road Race in 1949. He was born in Berlin, Germany.

Ziege died in Berlin, Germany at the age of 88.

Myles Munroe

Myles Munroe, (20 April 1954 – 9 November 2014) was a Bahamian Evangelical Christian evangelist and ordained Pentecostal minister. He founded and led the Bahamas Faith Ministries International (BFMI) and Myles Munroe International (MMI). Munroe also wrote many books about his faith. 

Munroe died with his wife, daughter, and 6 others in a private plane crash on 9 November 2014, aged 60.

Joe Walsh (Irish politician)

Joseph "Joe" Walsh (1 May 1943 – 9 November 2014) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was a Teachta Dála for Cork South–West. He was first elected at the 1977 general election. 

He lost his seat in 1981 but regained it again in 1982 and served until he retired at the 2007 general election. He served as Minister for Agriculture and Food on two occasions (1992–1994 and 1997–2004).

Walsh died on 9 November 2014 in Wilton, Cork, Ireland, aged 71.

Circus (Britney Spears song)

"Circus" is a pop single from Britney Spears. It is about putting on shows and being an entertainer. The song was released from her album of the same name. It was released on December 2, 2008.
The song reached number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number one on American pop radio and is her second best-selling digital song in the United States, having sold over 3.2 million downloads as of July 2016. On a global scale, "Circus" was one of the top 10 best selling songs of 2009 with 5.5 million digital copies sold that year across the world, according to the IFPI.

"Circus" was written by Dr. Luke, Benny Blanco and Claude Kelly, while produced by Luke and Blanco. Background vocals were provided by Cathy Dennis, Kelly and Myah Marie. Main instrumentation was done by Luke and Blanco. The song was mixed by Serban Ghenea at MixStar Studios in Virginia. "Circus" was announced on October 31, 2008, as the second single from the album, and was officially serviced to American radio stations on December 2, 2008.

"Circus" is an up beat electropop and dance-pop song, with a stomp box beat and elements of pop rock. The song opens with the sound of a drum and builds until Spears starts singing,

M. V. Raghavan

Melathu Veettil Raghavan (born 5 May 1933 - 9 November 2014) was a veteran Communist leader and a former Minister in Kerala state of India. He is the General Secretary of Communist Marxist Party, an alliance partner in the United Democratic Front.

Raghavan died of Parkinson's disease, aged 81.

Wayne Goss

Wayne Keith Goss (26 February 1951 – 10 November 2014) was an Australian politician. He was the Premier of Queensland from 7 December 1989 until 19 February 1996. Prior to entering politics, Goss was a solicitor. After leaving politics, Goss served as Chairman of the Queensland Art Gallery and Chairman of Deloitte Australia.

Goss battled a series of brain tumors for 17 years, undergoing four operations to remove them. He died at his home on 10 November 2014 from a brain tumor, aged 63.

Steve Dodd

Steve Dodd (1 June 1928 – 10 November 2014) was an Australian actor and stockman. He was known for his roles in "Gallipoli", "The Coca-Cola Kid", "Quigley Down Under" and "The Matrix".

Dodd died in Basin View, New South Wales, Australia, aged 86.

Al Renfrew

Al Renfrew (c. 1924 – 10 November 2014) was an ice hockey player (left wing) at the University of Michigan in the late 1940s and a college hockey coach with Michigan Technological University (1951–1956), the University of North Dakota (1956–1957), and the University of Michigan (1957–1973). 

Renfrew had a successful career as a player, coach and administrator at the University of Michigan, including NCAA championships as both a player and coach. He was inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 1986.

Renfrew died on 10 November 2014 at the age of 90.


John Doar

John Michael Doar (December 3, 1921 – November 11, 2014) was an American lawyer and senior counsel with the law firm Doar Rieck Kaley & Mack in New York. He was known as being the Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights from 1960 to 1967, during the civil rights years of the administrations of presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson.

Doar died in New York City, New York from congestive heart failure, aged 92.

Stroganov family

The House of Stroganov or Stroganoff also known as the "Stroganov family" were a Russian noble family that were very powerful and often involved in the politics of the time. They even financed some military campaigns which shows how rich they were. During the Great Northern War of 1700–1721, the Stroganovs gave sizable financial support to the government of Peter the Great. Because of this, Alexander Grigoriyevich, Nikolay Grigoriyevich, and Sergei Grigoriyevich were raised to the rank of baron in 1722 and later to that of Count. The head of the family was called Count Stroganov and his wife Countess Stroganova. Extremely wealthy after the Russian Revolution of 1917 the Stroganov family emigrated with the White movement and all family property in Russia was nationalized. Even though they had much political influence they were also merchants in their own right. They were great rivals of the Counts Vorontsov as well as the Counts Sheremetev.


Sheremetev

The House of Sherematev was a Russian noble family (). It was one of the richest and most influential noble families of Russia. The family held many high commanding positions in the Russian military, governorships and eventually the rank of Count of the Russian Empire. They had a large estate at Kuskovo built in the mid-18th century, several miles to the east of Moscow. They also had a large residence in St Petersburg. Due to his rank the head of the family was called Count Sheremetev and his wife Countess Sheremeteva. 
The village of Sheremetevo, which in turn gave name to the Sheremetyevo International Airport, is named after the family.

Minas Gerais State University

State University of Minas Gerais ("Universidade do Estado de Minas Gerais", short UEMG) is a public university of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. Established in 1989, it is the second largest university in Minas Gerais as well as one the most prestigious universities in this state.

Dave Manson

David Michael Manson (born January 27, 1967) is a Canadian retired ice hockey defenceman. He played a career total of 1103 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Edmonton Oilers, Winnipeg Jets, Phoenix Coyotes, Montreal Canadiens, Dallas Stars, and the Toronto Maple Leafs. He currently works as an assistant coach for the Prince Albert Raiders of the Western Hockey League (WHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Manson played 3 seasons with the Prince Albert Raiders of the Western Hockey League (WHL). He was drafted with the 11th overall pick by the Chicago Black Hawks in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft. Manson would play 5 seasons with the Blackhawks, scoring 330 goals.

On October 2, 1991, the Blackhawks traded Manson along with their 3rd round choice (Kirk Maltby) in 1992 NHL Entry Draft to the Edmonton Oilers in exchange for Steve Smith. He played parts of 3 seasons with the Oilers.

On March 15, 1994, the Oilers traded him along with St. Louis' 6th round choice (acquired before, Winnipeg selected Chris Kibermanis) in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft to the Winnipeg Jets in exchange for Boris Mironov, Mats Lindgren, Winnipeg's 1st round choice (Jason Bonsignore) in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft and Florida's 4th round choice (previously acquired, Edmonton selected Adam Copeland) in the 1994 Entry Draft. On July 1, 1996, he moved with the team when they relocated to become the Phoenix Coyotes. On March 18, 1997, the Coyotes traded him to the Montreal Canadiens in exchange for Murray Baron and Chris Murray.

On November 16, 1998, Manson was traded back to the Chicago Blackhawks along with Jocelyn Thibault and Brad Brown in exchange for Jeff Hackett, Eric Weinrich, Alain Nasreddine and Tampa Bay's 4th round choice (previously acquired, Montreal selected Chris Dyment) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft. On February 8, 2000, the Blackhawks traded Manson along with Sylvain Côté to the Dallas Stars in exchange for Kevin Dean, Derek Plante and Dallas' 2nd round choice (Matt Keith) in 2001 NHL Entry Draft. On August 16, 2000, he was a free agent by the Toronto Maple Leafs. The Maple Leafs traded him back to the Dallas Stars in exchange for Jyrki Lumme on November 21, 2001.

On September 30, 2002, Manson announced that he was officially retiring from playing professional ice hockey. After retiring, Manson became an assistant coach for the Prince Albert Raiders.


Pete Conacher

Charles William "Pete" Conacher, Jr. (born July 29, 1932) is a Canadian retired ice hockey left winger. He played a career total of 229 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Chicago Black Hawks, and New York Rangers. His father was NHL Hall of Famer, Charlie Conacher.

Before playing in the NHL, Conacher played 3 seasons with the Galt Black Hawks of the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA). He then played for the Chicago Black Hawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He played 2 games with them before being sent down to their AHL-affiliate team, the St. Louis Flyers. He played 29 games with them before he was called back up to play for the Black Hawks. He would play parts of 3 seasons with the Black Hawks.

On November 23, 1954, the Black Hawks traded Conacher along with Bill Gadsby to the New York Rangers in exchange for Rich Lamoureux, Allan Stanley and Nick Mickoski. On June 4, 1957, the Rangers traded him to the Toronto Maple Leafs for $15,000. On November 18, 1957, the Maple Leafs traded Conacher back to the Rangers for $15,000.

In the 1958-59 season, he played for the Belleville McFarlands of the Ontario Hockey Association Senior A League when they won the Allan Cup. After playing 6 seasons with the Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League (AHL), Conacher retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1966.


Gus Mortson

James Angus Gerald "Old Hardrock" Mortson (January 24, 1925 – August 8, 2015) was a Canadian retired ice hockey defenceman. He played a career total of 796 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Chicago Black Hawks, and Detroit Red Wings. He was known for his physical play and got into many fights.

Before playing in the NHL, Mortson played 1 season with the Tulsa Oilers of the United States Hockey League (USHL). He joined the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1946–47 NHL season. During his time with the Maple Leafs, he and Jimmy Thomson were known as the "Gold Dust Twins". The two of them helped the Maple Leafs win four Stanley Cups in 1947, 1948, 1949, and 1951.

On September 11, 1952, the Maple Leafs traded Mortson along with Ray Hannigan, Al Rollins and Cal Gardner in exchange for Harry Lumley. Mortson played 6 seasons for the Black Hawks and he led league in penalty minutes for the fourth time in the 1956–57 season. On September 3, 1958, the Black Hawks traded him to the Detroit Red Wings for future considerations. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1967. He played in 8 NHL All-Star games.


John McIntire

John Herrick McIntire (June 27, 1907 – January 30, 1991) was an American character actor. McIntire was known for his roles as the second trail master, Christopher Hale in the television series "Wagon Train" and as Sheriff Al Chanbers in "Psycho".

McIntire died on January 30, 1991 from emphysema and lung cancer in Pasadena, California, aged 83.


John McLaughlin (host)

John McLaughlin (March 29, 1927 – August 16, 2016) was an American television personality and producer, politician, writer, and political commentator. He created and hosts the long-running political commentary series "The McLaughlin Group" as well as "John McLaughlin's One On One". He also ran for senator of Rhode Island in 1970, but lost the election to incumbent John O. Pastore.


Mutual Broadcasting System

The Mutual Broadcasting System was an American radio network. It broadcast radio shows from 1934 to 1999. It was also called Mutual Broadcasting Company; Mutual; or the Mutual Broadcasting System, Inc. 

Mutual broadcast radio shows, such as "The Lone Ranger", "The Adventures of Superman", and "The Shadow". It broadcast baseball games, including the All-Star Game and World Series, and football games for the University of Notre Dame. From 1978 to 1994, it broadcast the "Larry King Show."

James Meredith

James Howard Meredith (born June 25, 1933) is an American Civil Rights Movement figure, writer, and political adviser. In 1962, he was an Air Force veteran and the first African-American student admitted to the segregated University of Mississippi.


Craig Robinson

Craig Robinson may refer to:


Craig Robinson (actor)

Craig Phillip Robinson (born October 25, 1971) is an American actor, comedian, and singer. He is best known for his role as Darryl Philbin on "The Office", and his roles in the movie "Pineapple Express", "Miss March", "Zack and Miri Make a Porno", "Shrek Forever After", "Hot Tub Time Machine", and "This Is the End".

Robinson was born in Chicago, Illinois.

The Lone Ranger

The Lone Ranger could mean:

Miguel de la Madrid

Miguel de la Madrid Hurtado (; August 12, 1934 – April 1, 2012) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He served as the 52nd President of Mexico from 1982 to 1988.


Richard E. Grant

Richard E. Grant (born Richard Grant Esterhuysen, 5 May 1957) is a British actor, screenwriter, and director. He is known for playing Withnail in "Withnail and I" and as John Seward in the 1992 blockbuster "Bram Stoker's Dracula". He also starred in "Penelope", "Corpse Bride", "Logan" and in the sixth season of "Game of Thrones".

In 2018, Grant received critical acclaim for his role as Jack Hock in the drama-biographical movie "Can You Ever Forgive Me?". He starred as General Pryde in "" (2019).


Sobhuza II

Sobhuza II, (also known as Nkhotfotjeni, Mona ) (22 July 1899 – 21 August 1982) was the Paramount Chief and later King of Swaziland for 82 years. He is the longest-reigning monarch in recorded history. 

Sobhuza was born on 22 July 1899 at Zombodze Royal Residence, the son of Inkhosikati Lomawa Ndwandwe and King Ngwane V. When he was only four months old, his father died suddenly while dancing incwala (a traditional celebration of kingship). Sobhuza was chosen King soon after that, and his grandmother Labotsibeni and uncle Prince Malunge led the Swazi nation until his maturity in 1921. 

According to the Swaziland National Trust Commission, King Sobhuza II married 70 wives, who gave him 210 children between 1920 and 1970. About 180 children survived infancy, and 97 sons and daughters are reported living. At his death he had more than 1000 grandchildren.

Sobhuza was supported by Apartheid South Africa and led Swaziland through independence until his death in 1982. He was succeeded by Mswati III, his young son with Inkhosikati Ntfombi Tfwala, who was crowned in 1986. 


Manzini, Eswatini

Manzini (formerly known as Bremersdorp) is a city in Eswatini; it is the capital of Eswatini’s Manzini District. The city is the country's second largest urban centre behind Mbabane, with a population of 78,000 (2008). It is known as "The Hub" of Eswatini and lies on the MR3 road. 

Kajetan Kovič

Kajetan Kovič (21 October 1931 – 7 November 2014) was a Slovene poet, writer, translator, and journalist. Kovič was born in Maribor, Yugoslavia. Kovič started writing poetry in high school, and he published his first poetry in 1948.

Kovič also wrote political poetry, such as a poem in honor of Josip Broz Tito. He established himself as a translator of German, French, Czech, Hungarian, Croatian, Serbian, and Russian poetry into Slovene. He also translated the poems that France Prešeren wrote in German into Slovene.

Kovič died on 7 November 2014 in Ljubljana, Slovenia, aged 83.

Super battleship

Super battleship is an unofficial class of battleships. It includes the largest types constructed or planned with a displacing of roughly 60,000 tons or more. Only two such battleships were ever made. Many more were planned by several navies of the world before and during the Second World War. Their design included thick armor and large guns and They were thought to be the ideal warships for naval battle, but the success of the aircraft carriers compromised their use. Only two were ever built (both by the Japanese Empire). Both were sunk during World War II.

Pretty Fly (for a White Guy)

"Pretty Fly (for a White Guy)" is the first single off American punk rock band The Offspring's fifth studio album "Americana". The song was released on November 9, 1998. The song also appears on their 2005 "Greatest Hits" album.

"Pretty Fly (for a White Guy)" was one of the most commercially successful singles that was released by the band. It was able to make the charts of over 15 countries and was also able to top the charts in nine of them, including in Australia, where it was four times platinum, and in the United Kingdom.

The song was featured as downloadable content in the 2007 video game, "Rock Band". It was also featured in the 2009 video game, "".


Circuit diagram

A circuit diagram is a diagram that shows an electrical circuit. It is made up of a circuit put in the form of a diagram. The circuit diagram makes it easier to understand a circuit. The diagram shows how the circuit should look in the form of a diagram.

Rick Wakeman

Richard Christopher "Rick" Wakeman (born 18 May 1949) is a British rock musician.

Wakeman was born in Perivale, Middlesex. He has been a keyboardist with Yes and Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe.

He is the father of musicians Oliver Wakeman and Adam Wakeman.



Hughie Thomasson

Hughie Thomasson (August 13, 1952 - September 9, 2007) was an American guitarist and singer. He was a member of the bands Outlaws and Lynyrd Skynyrd.



Cozy Powell

Cozy Powell (29 December 1947 – 5 April 1998) was an English drummer. He played with Emerson, Lake and Powell.


Luxor Hotel Vegas

Luxor Hotel Vegas is a hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada. The hotel has 30 storys. It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International. It has a casino. It has over 2,000 slot machines and 87 table games.

During the renovation in 2009, the hotel was modernized. It was give a newer design. The hotel has 4,400 rooms. There are also 442 suites. All the rooms line the inside walls of a pyramid style tower. Twin 22-story ziggurat towers were built as later additions.

The hotel is named after the city of Luxor (ancient Thebes) in Egypt. Luxor is the second largest hotel in Las Vegas. The largest is the MGM Grand). It is also the eighth largest in the world. As of 2010, the Luxor has a 4 Key rating from the Green Key Eco-Rating Program, which test hotel operations.


Ewa Kopacz

Ewa Bożena Kopacz, born Ewa Bożena Lis (born 3 December 1956) is the Prime Minister of Poland since 22 September 2014. Previously, she was the Speaker of the lower house of parliament. From 8 November 2014 she was the leader of the Platforma Obywatelska (Civil Platform) party. Her nomination for Prime Minister position is connected with Donald Tusk's election for the President of the European Council position. She graduated from the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Lublin.

On 12 November 2015 she submitted the resignation of her own government.

In July 2019, she became the Vice-President of the European Parliament.


Hunting Formation

The Hunting Formation is a stratigraphic unit on Somerset Island (Nunavut) in the far north of Canada. It includes fossils of simple eukaryotic algae that reproduced sexually. They date to the end of the Ectasian and start of the Stenian period, about 1,200 million years ago.

Katie Stevens

Katherine Mari Stevens (born December 8, 1992) is an American television actress. She starred in a television show called "Faking It" between 2014 and 2016. The show aired on the MTV network.

Katie Stevens started acting and singing at age three. She went to Broadway camp during her childhood. Later she acted in local theatere shows. Stevens appeared in the 2009 season of American Idol. She lives now in Los Angeles, California.

Essenes

The Essenes were a Jewish group of holy people. They were a smaller group than the Sadducees or the Pharisees. The Essenes lived in various cities. They lived in communal life dedicated to asceticism. Many researchers believe the Essenes wrote the Dead Sea scrolls.

Papa Don't Preach

"Papa Don't Preach" is a pop single from Madonna. The song deals with abortion and pregnancy. The song was on her third studio album "True Blue". It was also on her album "The Immaculate Collection". 

"Papa Don't Preach" was released in June 1986. It was #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for two weeks.

La Isla Bonita

"La Isla Bonita" is a 1986 Latin and pop song performed by Madonna. The song is about a beautiful island. 

"La Isla Bonita" achieved popularity all across the world. It reached #1 in the United Kingdom. It also hit #4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

This song was released in February of 1987 off her album "True Blue".

Into the Groove

"Into the Groove" is a 1985 pop single by Madonna. The song talks about dancing on the dance floor. It has sexual innuendos in it.

The song became very popular in the mid-1980s.

This song was released on July 23, 1985.

Freak on a Leash

"Freak on a Leash" is the fifth single off American nu metal band Korn's third studio album "Follow the Leader". The song was released on May 25, 1999. 

"Freak on a Leash" originally had an instrumental part of the song that was described as a "noisy guitar break". The part was taken after fans requested it not be put in.

The music video for the song features a mix of animation and live performances. It was directed by Todd McFarlane. The music video debuted on "Total Request Live" and was released on February 5, 1999.

The music video won MTV Video Music Awards for Best Editing and Best Rock Video in 1999 and also won a Grammy Award for Best Short Form Music Video at the 42nd Annual Grammy Awards.


Blue (Da Ba Dee)

"Blue (Da Ba Dee)" is the first single off Italian group Eiffel 65's debut studio album "Europop". The song was released in July 1998. 

"Blue (Da Ba Dee)" is the group's most popular song. It was able to peak at #6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States. It was also able to peak at #1 in many other countries such as Canada, Ireland, Norway, Switzerland, Germany, France, New Zealand, Australia, Sweden, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.

In 2001, the song was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording at the 43rd Annual Grammy Awards but it lost to "Who Let the Dogs Out?" by the Baha Men.


De Havilland Comet

The de Havilland DH 106 Comet was the first production commercial jetliner. The Avro Tudor and Vickers VC.1 Viking was fitted with Rolls-Royce Nene turbojets. It had flown earlier but were experimental models. The jet was made by de Havilland at its Hatfield Aerodrome, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom headquarters. The prototype first flew on 27 July 1949. It featured an aerodynamically clean design with four de Havilland Ghost turbojet engines buried in the wings. It had a pressurised fuselage. The jet had large square windows. It showed signs of being a commercial success at its 1952 debut.

The original Comet was about the length of the later Boeing 737-100. It carried fewer people in a more comfortable environment. For the era, it offered a relatively quiet passenger cabin. The Comet had passengers like Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother and Princess Margaret. Flights on the Comet were faster than on other advanced aircraft. In August 1953 BOAC scheduled nine-stop London to Tokyo flights by Comet for 36 hours. Other aircrafts took more than 86 hours. A special order Comet for the exclusive use of King Saud bin Abdul Aziz of Saudi Arabia was described as "the world's first executive jet". 

In 1954, the Comets began suffering problems, with three of them breaking up during mid-flight in accidents. During its service, the Comet was involved in 13 fatal crashes which resulted in 426 fatalities. On 10 January 1954, the first Comet produced broke up in mid-air and crashed into the Mediterranean. All 35 persons on board died. On 8 April 1954, a Comet on charter to South African Airways crashed in the Mediterranean near Naples. All on board died. 

The Comet was removed from service and tested to discover the cause. Design flaws, including dangerous stresses at the corners of the square windows were noted. As a result, the Comet was redesigned into models 2, 3, and in 1958 the Comet 4. But meanwhile other aircraft designers had their own jets, the Boeing 707 in 1957 and in 1960 the Douglas DC-8. The American jets were larger, faster, longer-ranged, and more cost-effective than the Comet. In 1960, as part of a consolidation of the British aerospace industry, de Havilland was bought by Hawker Siddeley. Aviation author Bill Withun concluded that the Comet had pushed "'state-of-the-art' beyond its limits." The only complete remaining Comet 1 is displayed at the RAF Museum Cosford.

Marge Roukema

Margaret Scafati "Marge" Roukema (September 19, 1929 – November 12, 2014) was an American politician. She represented New Jersey in the U.S. House of Representatives for twenty-two years as a Republican from 1981 to 2003.

On November 12, 2014, Roukema died at Christian Health Care Center in Wyckoff, New Jersey from Alzheimer's disease, aged 85.

Wyckoff, New Jersey

Wyckoff is a township in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 16,585.

Frank Gore

Franklin Delano "Frank" Gore (born May 14, 1983) is an American football player. He plays the position running back. He plays for the San Francisco 49ers. He played football for the University of Miami. He was drafted by the 49ers in the third round of the 2005 NFL Draft.

Warren Clarke

Warren Alan James Clarke (26 April 1947 – 12 November 2014) was an English actor from 1964 to 2014. He was known as Detective Superintendent Andy Dalziel in the TV series "Dalziel and Pascoe" and as Dim in the movie "A Clockwork Orange".

Clarke's first marriage ended in divorce. His second marriage ended in his death. He had a son by his first wife and a daughter by his second.

On 12 November 2014, Clarke died in his sleep, after a short battle with pancreatic cancer in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire, England, aged 67.

Carol Ann Susi

Carol Ann Susi (February 2, 1952 – November 11, 2014) was an American actress. She was best known for being the voice of recurring unseen character Mrs. Wolowitz on the television series "The Big Bang Theory".

On November 11, 2014, Susi died of cancer of unknown primary origin in Los Angeles, California, aged 62.

Michelle MacPherson

Michelle MacPherson (born May 11, 1966) is a Canadian retired swimmer. She was a backstroke and butterfly stroke swimmer. 

MacPherson competed for Canada at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. She was able to win a bronze medal for Canada in the 4×100 m medley relay with Anne Ottenbrite, Reema Abdo, and Pamela Rai. She set a Canadian record in the 200 m individual medley that year. She also won three silver medals for Canada at the 1983 Pan American Games in the 100 m butterfly, 200 m medley, and the 4x100 m medley relays, as well as a bronze medal in the 400 m medley.

MacPherson currently resides in Chandler, Arizona. She also coaches at the Arizona Aquatic Club. She is married to John Hojnacki and they have four sons Zachary, Dylan, Hunter and Skyler. Her husband is also a coach at the Arizona Aquatic Club.

She was inducted into the Ontario Aquatic Hall of Fame in 1995 and was inducted into the James P. Kelly Athletic Hall of Fame in 2000.


Genesis (Genesis album)

Genesis is the twelfth studio album by English progressive rock band Genesis. The album was released on October 3, 1983 through Atlantic Records.

All music written by Tony Banks, Phil Collins, and Mike Rutherford. Lyricists specified below.

"It's Gonna Get Better" contains a sample of the opening cello part of a ballet suite written by Aram Khachaturian.

Saints of Los Angeles

Saints of Los Angeles is the eighth studio album by American heavy metal band Motley Crue. The album was released on June 24, 2008. It was the group's first studio album of new material 11 years.

Walter Pyramid

The Walter Pyramid, also known as the Long Beach Pyramid, is a 5,000 seat indoor multi-purpose arena on the campus of Long Beach State University in Long Beach, California.

The Walter Pyramid opened on November 30, 1994. It hosted a Long Beach State 49ers men's basketball game against University of Detroit Mercy. The game aired live on ESPN. A standing-room only crowd of 5,021 saw Long Beach win with a final score of 71-64

The Walter Pyramid was designed by Don Gibbs. It was built by the Nielson Construction Company of San Diego. The building of Walter Pyramid cost approximately $22 million dollars. Each side of the perimeter of Walter Pyramid measures , making it a mathematically true pyramid. It is one of only three true pyramid-style buildings in the United States. The others are the Luxor Hotel Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada, and Pyramid Arena in Memphis, Tennessee.

The Walter Pyramid rises 18 stories above the Long Beach skyline. Its exterior is clad in sheets of dark-blue corrugated aluminum.

On March 5, 2005, Long Beach State renamed The Pyramid to Walter Pyramid in honor of Dr. Mike and Arline Walter. The Walters were given this recognition for a $2.1 million donation given to the university. In addition to being the vice-president of Levi Strauss & Co., Dr. Mike Walter was also a dean for Long Beach State's College of Business Administration from 1993 to 2000.

The Walter Pyramid also hosts the World Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Championships or, in Portuguese language, "Mundiais". The Walter Pyramid is also home to the Los Angeles Reign of the National Pro Grid League. 


Carl Palmer

Carl Frederick Kendall Palmer (born 20 March 1950) is an English drummer and percussionist. He became well known in the 1960s. He was a member of a number of famous English bands: the Crazy World of Arthur Brown, Atomic Rooster, Emerson, Lake & Palmer, and Asia.

Palmer was added into the "Modern Drummer" Hall of Fame in 1989.

Latent heat

Latent heat is the amount of heat needed to change a substance's state (Solid-Liquid-Gas), i.e, water boiling into steam or, the opposite, water freezing into ice. It is latent as it does not show up on a thermometer

London Array

The London Array is a turbine offshore wind farm located neat Kent, United Kingdom. At the time of its construction, it was the largest offshore wind farm in the world.

The phase 1 of the wind farm construction began in March 2011 and was completed by mid 2013, being oficially opened by the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, David Cameron, on 4 July 2013.

The second phase of the project was cancelled because of possible harming the sea birds.

The turbines were supplied by Siemens Wind Power.

True Blue (album)

True Blue is a 1986 studio album by Madonna. The album had several songs released from it. The songs included "La Isla Bonita", the title song and several others.

"Papa Don't Preach" was also on the album.

"True Blue" reached #1 in many countries worldwide, including Australia, United States and United Kingdom.

Like a Prayer

Like a Prayer was the fourth studio album by singer Madonna. Songs from the album include the title track, "Cherish" and "Express Yourself". The album was #1 on the "Billboard" 200 for just over a month.

The album was released on March 21, 1989 by Sire Records.

Colin Kaepernick

Colin Rand Kaepernick ( ; born November 3, 1987) is an former American football quarterback. He played the position quarterback. Kaepernick played for the San Francisco 49ers from 2011-2016. He is currently a free agent. He played college football for the University of Nevada Wolf Pack. In the 2011 NFL Draft the 49ers drafted Kaepernick in the second round with the 36th overall pick. They were reluctant but needed a quarterback. Saints pulled the trigger and called upon Kyle. With a $20,000,000 three year contract Kyle takes the offer.

In 2016, Kaepernick became a national figure because he knelt on one knee during the United States national anthem, which is being played before every NFL game. He did this to protest police brutality and racism against African Americans in the United States. At first, Kaepernick sat down while the anthem was played, but a former United States Army Green Beret named Nate Boyer told him to kneel on one knee instead because this is what soldiers do at the graves where dead soldiers are buried and because Boyer thought it was more respectful than sitting down.

Kaepernick became a national activist with support of many other professional athletes, but many teams did not want him with them because the fans did not like the protest.

Kaepernick also refused to vote in the 2016 United States presidential election. 

In June 2020, during the George Floyd protests, National Football League Comissioner Roger Goodell said on Twitter: "we were wrong for not listening to NFL players earlier and encourage all to speak out and peacefully protest. We, the NFL, believe Black Lives Matter."

Like a Prayer (song)

"Like a Prayer" is a 1989 gospel-themed pop rock ballad from the singer Madonna. The song comes from her album of the same name. The single reached #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and on charts in many other countries.

The song was released in March 1989.

Less Than Jake

Less Than Jake is an American ska punk band from Gainesville, Florida.

Before the band was started, lead vocalist and guitarist Chris DeMakes, drummer Vinnie Fiorello, and bassist Shaun Grief all led a local band called Good Grief while they were attending high school in Port Charlotte, Florida. When DeMakes decided to move north and attend the University of Florida, the band broke up. Less Than Jake was formed on July 13, 1992. The band got their name from Fiorello's dog, Jake, who was usually treated better than the rest of the household, so everything was "less than Jake". The band released their debut studio album, "Pezcore" on August 22, 1995 through Dill Records.

Their eighth studio album "See the Light" was released on November 12, 2013.





Longwave

In radio, longwave (or long wave) refers to parts of the radio spectrum that has longer wavelengths. These are typically kilometer-sized or greater. The term is a historic one dating from the early 20th century. This was when the radio spectrum was considered to consist of long, medium and short wavelengths. Most modern radio systems and devices use wavelengths which would then have been called 'ultra-short'. For radio broadcasting is it the radio band between 30 kHz-299 kHz.

Longwaves have the advantage that diffraction helps them travel far.

Halton Moor

Halton Moor is a neighbourhood in Leeds, in England. The neighbourhood is made up of about 1000 homes. Some of the homes are used as council housing. 

There are two primary schools in Halton Moor: Meadowfield and Corpus Christi.

Breakbeat

Breakbeat (literally break beat as to interrupt a beat) (also called breaks or breakbeats) refers to two things. It is both an electronic music genre and the distinct percussive rhythm from which this genre takes its name.

As a musical device, breakbeats have been known and used for almost a hundred years. The name and modern meaning of the term traces its origins to the rise of hip hop in the United States during the 1980s. The electronic music genre is widely regarded as coming from the United Kingdom's early rave music. Breakbeats were added to the music to form what became known as breakbeat hardcore. However, breakbeats had been used by American hip hop DJs and turntablists in instrumental sets well before the advent of rave in the UK. It could be argued that the two scenes developed in parallel.

Today, breakbeat lives on in the form of strong regional scenes in the US and UK. Breakbeats are frequently used in the production of such diverse music genres as hip hop, jungle or drum and bass, hardcore, UK garage (including 2-step, breakstep and dubstep). Since the 1990s, breakbeat has been used as background music to TV adverts. It also has been used in action film soundtracks.

The most likely origin of the word "breakbeat" is the fact that the drum loops that were sampled occurred during a "break" in the music. a

In the early 1990s, acid house artists and producers started using breakbeat samples in their music to create breakbeat hardcore. This was also calledrave music. The hardcore scene then diverged into sub-genres like jungle and drum and bass, which generally had a darker sound and focused more on complex sampled drum patterns. An example of this is Goldie's album "Timeless".
In the 1980s, breakbeat became an essential feature of many genres of breaks music which became popular within the global dance music scene, including big beat, nu skool breaks, acid breaks and Miami bass.

DJs from a variety of genres work breaks tracks into their sets. This may occur because the tempo of breaks tracks (ranging from 110 to 150 beats per minute) means they can be readily mixed with these genres.

Some artists well known for breakbeat include Afrika Bambaataa, Whodini, Davy DMX, Deekline, Dynamix II, 2 Live Crew, Cybotron, Nubreed, Hybrid, Phil K, Dirty Harry, NAPT, DJ Icey, Stanton Warriors, FreQ Nasty, Krafty Kuts, Freestylers, K-Swing, Soul Of Man, DJ Sharaz, Annie Nightingale and performance troupe Lucent Dossier Experience.

Breakbeats are used in many hip hop, jungle and hardcore songs. It can also be heard in other music, from popular music to background music in car, and jean commercials on the radio or TV.

The Amen Break, a drum break from The Winstons' song "Amen, Brother" is widely regarded as one of the most widely used and sampled breaks among music using breakbeats. This break was first used on "King of the Beats" by Mantronix, and has since been used in thousands of songs. Other popular breaks are from James Brown's "Funky Drummer" (1970) and "Give it Up or Turnit a Loose", The Incredible Bongo Band's 1973 cover of The Shadows' "Apache", and Lyn Collins' 1972 song "Think (About It)".

With the rise in popularity of breakbeat music and the advent of digital audio samplers, enterprising companies started selling "breakbeat packages" for the express purpose of helping artists create breakbeats. A breakbeat kit CD would contain many breakbeat samples from different songs and artists, often without the artist's permission or even knowledge. One example of this is the Amen Break, from a song by The Winstons, who hold the copyright. However, a company named Zero-G Limited released a "jungle construction kit" containing hundreds of audio samples. One appeared to be an exact copy of the Amen break. It was slightly sped up. Zero-G Limited claimed copyright since a copyright symbol was included on the product's packaging. However, when it came to Zero-G Limited's notice that there may be another claim on the copyright of the audio sample in question, they removed it from the product. The Winstons have not received royalties for third-party use of samples of the break recorded on their original music release.

Big beat is a term employed since the mid-1990s by the British music press to describe much of the music by artists such as The Prodigy, Cut La Roc, Fatboy Slim, The Chemical Brothers, The Crystal Method and Propellerheads. 

In electronic music, "acid breaks" is a fusion between breakbeat, and other forms of electronic dance music Its drum line usually mimics most breakbeat music, but lacks the distinctive kick drum of other forms of EDM. One of the earliest synthesizers to be employed in acid music was the Roland TB-303. 

In more recent times, artists such as Champion Breaks have started a resurgence of this sound, using mainly Amen breaks, Reese bass, and 303 acid lines to create energetic, and sometimes frenetic acid breaks songs.

Wayland, Massachusetts

Wayland, Massachusetts is a town in Massachusetts, United States. As of 2020, there were 13,943 residents. 

ISO 3166-2:AZ

ISO 3166-2:AZ is the entry for Azerbaijan in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Currently for Azerbaijan, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for two levels of subdivisions:

The eleven municipalities have special status equal to the raions. Şuşa, the disputed municipality, has been removed from the list.

Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is AZ, the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Azerbaijan. The second part is either of the following:

Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).

"Click on the button in the header to sort each column."

The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998:



Rebbeca Oswald

Rebbeca Oswald is a noted pianist. She is also an award winning composer.

Oswald has a wide body of work. Her work includes concert music for chamber ensembles, chamber orchestras, full orchestras, and single instruments of many kinds.
She has also composed music for some choral ensembles.

Oswald has written and produced music for two video games. She also has composed and produced music for a three-hour documentary. She also writes in the classical and popular genres. Oswald advanced to the finalist category level of the American Prize in Composition in the choral category.

Kathy Parsons in a review at MonthlyPiano.com states while reviewing the piece, "Whereas", "I heard some of these pieces live a few months ago, but even that didn’t prepare me for the soulful beauty of the recording." Parsons also stated in the review that, "The thirteen original piano solos are Oswald’s creative response to a gift of unpublished personal poems that express “the joy of unity, the sorrow of separation, the desire to know and be known, the bliss of loving and being loved. (as she quoted from the liner notes.)

Brett Campbell from the Eugene Weekly CD Review stated the following:

"Eugene-based composer Rebecca Oswald has two of the loveliest pieces on this disc of modern symphonic works performed by several orchestras, in this case the Moravian Philharmonic. Movie directors take note: “Finding the Murray River” could work as a film soundtrack behind on a long pastoral shot of a carriage riding down a country road."


Harry Lonsdale

Harold K. Lonsdale (January 19, 1932 – November 11, 2014) was an American scientist, businessman, and former politician. A Democrat, he ran for United States Senate in the U.S. state of Oregon three times, losing twice in the primaries and once as the Democratic candidate, losing in the 1990 general election to incumbent Mark Hatfield.

Lonsdale died in Indio, California from heart failure, aged 82.

Manoel de Barros

Manoel Wenceslau Leite de Barros (December 19, 1916 – November 13, 2014) was a Brazilian poet. He has won many awards for his work, including twice the Prêmio Jabuti (the "Tortoise Prize"), the most important literary award in Brazil. 

Barros was born in Cuiaba. He is thought by his critics as one of the greatest Brazilian poets to had ever lived. The poet Carlos Drummond de Andrade said that Manoel de Barros as the biggest poet of Brazil.

In the year 1998 the poet was rewarded with the "National prize of Literature of the Ministry of the Culture from Brazil", for the set of the work.

de Barros died in Campo Grande, Brazil, aged 96.

No Fear

No Fear is an American lifestyle clothing brand. No Fear was created in 1989 by Mark Simo, Brian Simo, and Marty Moates. Their products are sold at many different store as well as many company owned store. The shirts that the company sells usually have a existential slogan or a quote that advertises the qualities of extreme sports. Their brand was popular in the mid-1990s.

Aside from clothing, the company also sells energy drinks. They sponsor mixed martial artist Urijah Faber and were the official drink of World Extreme Cagefighting (WEC) before they merged with Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).

On February 25, 2011, No Fear filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.


Rebekah Gibbs

Rebekah Gibbs (17 March 1973 – 12 November 2014) was an English television and musical theatre actress. She was known for her role as Nina Farr in the television series "Casualty". Gibbs was born in Torquay, Devon, England.

Gibbs died in Pembury, Kent, England from breast cancer, aged 41. 

Alvin Dark

Alvin Ralph "Al" Dark (January 7, 1922 – November 13, 2014), nicknamed "Blackie" and "The Swamp Fox", was an American baseball player. He was a shortstop and manager in Major League Baseball and played for five National League teams from 1946 to 1960. 

Dark was born in Comanche, Oklahoma. He was raised in Louisiana. Dark studied at Louisiana State University and at the University of Louisiana-Lafayette.

Dark played for the Boston Braves, New York Giants, St. Louis Cardinals, Chicago Cubs, Philadelphia Phillies, and for the Milwaukee Braves. Dark managed the San Francisco Giants, Kansas City Athletics, Cleveland Indians, Oakland Athletics, and the San Diego Padres. 

Dark died in Easley, South Carolina from Alzheimer's disease, aged 92.


Helen Martin

Helen Dorothy Martin (July 23, 1909 – March 25, 2000) was an American actress of stage and television. She was best known for her role as Weeping Wanda on the sitcom "Good Times" and as Pearl Shay on the sitcom "227". Martin was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

Martin died of a heart attack on March 25, 2000 in Monterey, California, aged 90.


Endicott Peabody

Endicott Peabody (February 15, 1920 – December 1, 1997) was an American politician. He was the 62nd Governor of Massachusetts from January 3, 1963 to January 7, 1965. Peabody was born in Lawrence, Massachusetts.

Peabody ran for the United States Senate of Massachusetts, but lost to Edward Brooke. He then ran for Vice President of the United States in 1972, but lost to Edmund Muskie. He then moved to New Hampshire where he ran for other political offices there, but always lost.

Peabody died in Hollis, New Hampshire from leukemia, aged 77.


Stoa of Eumenes

The Stoa of Eumenes was a stoa on the Acropolis of Athens. The building was a gift to the city in about 160 BC, by Eumenes II of Pergamon. Today there are ruins of the stoa at the south part of the Acropolis, between the Odeon of Herodes Atticus and the Theatre of Dionysus. The stoa was found by the "Archaeological Society of Athens" in the years 18771878.

The stoa is 163 meters (535 ft) long today. New findings suggest that it was about 190 meters (623 ft) long in the past. About 160 BC part of the stoa was destroyed to build the Odeon of Herodes. The stoa was then connected to the Odeon. Vitruvius said that it was there to protect the viewers that waited outside the theater and to store things of the theater. The stoa was built like other buildings of Pergamon. The main material was marble from Asia Minor. Its parts were first built in Pergamon. Then they were transported to Athens. It had doric columns in the ground floor and ionic in the top floor. The columns inside were ionic and pergamine in both floors. The power and wealth of Eumenes' kingdom was growing. Eumenes was trying to expand his influence in the greek cities. So he gave gifts to Greek cities. One of them was his stoa in Athens. Attalus was the brother of Eumenes. He gifted a similar building to Athens, called Stoa of Attalus.



Miguel Skrobot

Miguel Skrobot (1873 - 20 February 1912) was a businessman of Brazilian of Polish origin.

Miguel Skrobot was born in 1873 in Warsaw, Poland. His parents were José Skrobot and Rosa Skrobot. When he was 18 he migrated to Brazil. He settled in Curitiba as a merchant.

He married Maria Pansardi. She was born in Tibagi (city of the Paraná). Her parents were Italian immigrants. His wife bore him three children.

Skrobot kept a steam-powered factory. He worked on grinding and toasting coffee beans under the "Rio Branco" brand there. It was located on the spot in the square where "Praça Zacarias" (square located in the center of Curitiba) is today. He also owned a grocery store near "Praça Tiradentes" (also a square in the center of Curitiba. It is the square where the city was born). Skrobot died an early death on February 20, 1912. He was 39 when he died.

Bruno Bušić

Bruno Bušić (Born in Vinjani Donji near Imotski, 6 October 1939 - Paris, 16 October 1978), an advocate of democratic, sovereign, and free Croatian. He was a patriot, dissident, writer, historical researcher, and a political leader of Croatian emigration.

Bušić was born in the Vinjani Donji village, Imotski county, Bosnia and Herzegovina. His political activities when he was a secondary school student, were seen by the communist regime as dangerous. As of 1957. he joined to Tiho group which goal was to fight for freedom, equal rights and establishment of free Croatia based on democracy. He was put on the watch list of the Yugoslav secret service UDBA. Along with other members of theTiho group he was expelled from the secondary school he attended.

During his college years at Zagreb University he started a journalist career at the Workers Movement History Institute, mentored by Franjo Tudjman 

Stoa

Stoas are unique to Ancient Greek architecture. They were covered walkways or porticos, mainly for public use. Early stoas were open at the entrance with columns, usually of the Doric order, lining the side of the building. They were well suited for the mild climate of Greece.
Later buildings of this style had two floors. A roof supported the inner colonnades. On the second floor were shops or offices. They followed Ionic architecture. Merchants could sell their goods. Artists could display their artwork. Religious gatherings could take place. Stoas usually surrounded the marketplaces of large cities.

Hilda Bernard

Hilda Sarah Bernard (October 29, 1920 – April 20, 2022) was an Argentine actress. She was born in Puerto Deseado, Argentina. Bernard was known for her roles in "Animalada", "Chronicle of the Raven", and in "Live-in Maid". Her career began in 1941.

Bernard was married to Horacio Jorge Goncalves and to Horacio Zelada, but both marriages ended in divorce. Bernard had a daughter, Patricia.

Bernard turned 100 in October 2020. She died on April 20, 2022 in Buenos Aires, Argentina at the age of 101.


Pepe Soriano

Pepe Soriano (born José Carlos Soriano; September 25, 1929 – September 13, 2023) was a well-known Argentine actor and playwright. Soriano was known for his roles in "Rebellion in Patagonia", "Abuela", "Asesinato en el Senado de la Nación", "Funes, a Great Love", and in "The Last Train".

Soriano was born and raised in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He died on September 13, 2023 in Buenos Aires at the age of 93.


Thích Nhất Hạnh

Thích Nhất Hạnh (; October 11, 1926 – January 21, 2022) was a Vietnamese Zen Buddhist monk, teacher, author, poet and peace activist who is considered by many to be the father of mindfulness. He lived in the Plum Village Monastery in the Dordogne region in the South of France. He was born in Thừa Thiên Huế province, Vietnam.

He created the term Engaged Buddhism in his book "Vietnam: Lotus in a Sea of Fire". A long-term exile, he was given permission to make his first return trip to Vietnam in 2005. Nhất Hạnh has published more than 100 books, including more than 40 in English. 

He believed that peace and joy is always accessible for all people. One way to discover that joy, is by what they call "mindful" meditation. Which is a type of meditation that concentrates on your breathing and embracing everything that comes up on your consciousness, without interpreting it with thought and critisism. But accompanying it with the great power of forgiveness, understanding and realisation of the present moment, which is also a very important point of reference in his teachings. 

On 11 November 2014, Nhất Hạnh was hospitalized with a severe brain hemorrhage.

Nhất Hạnh died on January 21, 2022 in Huế, Vietnam from problems caused by a stroke at the age of 95.

Doc Paskowitz

Dorian "Doc" Paskowitz (March 3, 1921 – November 10, 2014) was an American surfer and physician. He gave up practicing medicine for a living and decided to become a professional surfer. In 1972, he founded a surf camp run by his family, where campers could live alongside and surf with members of the Paskowitz family. He and his family have been referred to as the "First Family of Surfing".

Paskowitz died on November 10, 2014 in Newport Beach, California at the age of 93 from surgical complications.


Sonia Darrin

Sonia Darrin (née Paskowitz; June 16, 1924 – July 19, 2020) was an American movie actress. She was best known for her role in "The Big Sleep" and in "Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man". Her brother was surfer Doc Paskowitz.

Darrin died on July 19, 2020 at a hospital in New York City, aged 96.

Newport Beach, California

Newport Beach is a city in Orange County, California, California. It is south of downtown Santa Ana. It became a city in 1906. The population was 85,239 at the 2020 census. 

Newport Beach has a mid-latitude semi-arid climate (Köppen climate classification "BSk") with Mediterranean ("Csb") characteristics. Like many coastal cities in Los Angeles and Orange counties, Newport Beach exhibits weak temperature variation, both diurnally and seasonally, (however arctic like temperatures have been recorded every month of the year) compared to inland cities even a few miles from the ocean. The Pacific Ocean greatly moderates Newport Beach's climate by warming winter temperatures and cooling summer temperatures. Newport Beach does not receive enough precipitation to qualify as a true Mediterranean climate. 

The highest temperature ever recorded at Newport Beach between 1977 and 1996 was 32.7°C (90.9°F) on 12 August 1991 and the lowest was -17.3°C (0.9°F) on 15 January 1996.

Westside Connection

Westside Connection was an American gangsta rap music group. The members were Mack 10, WC and Ice Cube. The group was formed in 1994. Their first album, "Bow Down", reached #2 on the "Billboard" 200 chart in 1996.

The group released a second rap studio album, "Terrorist Threats".

Mack 10

Mack 10 (born Dedrick D'Mon Rolison on August 9, 1971) is an American rapper. He has sold almost 11 million records worldwide. Mack 10 was a member of Westside Connection.

He was born in Los Angeles. He is of African and Mexican descent.

Bryan Murray

Bryan Clarence Murray (December 5, 1942 – August 12, 2017) was a Canadian ice hockey general manager and former coach. He worked as the general manager of the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL). 

Murray was also the general manager of the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, Florida Panthers and Detroit Red Wings. Murray also coached the Washington Capitals, Detroit Red Wings, Florida Panthers, and Mighty Ducks of Anaheim. Over his career, Murray has recorded over 600 victories in NHL regular season games and has taken his teams to the playoffs 12 times. 

His younger brother, Terry, was the general manager of the Los Angeles Kings. During his time with the Capitals, Murray was awarded the Jack Adams Award in 1983–84.

On July 21, 2012, Bryan along with his brother Terry and his nephew Tim, were inducted into the Shawville's Hockey Wall of Fame.

On November 13, 2014, Murray announced that he had Stage 4 colon cancer and that the cancer had spread to his liver and lungs. He said that "there is no cure for me at this point" and that he could have had the cancer for up to 10 years before it was detected. He died on August 12, 2017 at the age of 74.


Formosan mountain dog

The Formosan Mountain Dog (or Formosan) is a breed of small or medium dog. They live in Taiwan. These dogs are also known as "Taiwanese Dog/Canis" (), "Taiwanese Native Dog" () or "Takasago Dog" (). They are well-adapted to the uneven and thickly forested terrain of Taiwan. They had become a semi-wild breed earlier. 

Formosans can be trained as hunting dogs, guard dogs, rescue dogs, or simply as companions. Formosan dogs can make good family pets but still have a strong hunting instinct.
However, now the pureblood Formosan Mountain Dog is still close to extinction. This is due to limited conservation efforts of the Taiwanese and their government. 

"Native Dog" () is the common name in Taiwan nowadays to indicate that the dog is an offspring of Formosan with foreign dogs. It is commonly confused with the "Taiwan Native Dog" ().

Lena Conradson

Lena Conradson, originally "Konradsson", later "Berglund", born 23 March 1948 in Lycksele, Sweden, is a Swedish singer. She released several EP records and singles between 1959 and 1966. She also sang in the Pearlettes trio in 1966. In 1963, 15 years old, she recorded the original version of the Christmas song Hej, mitt vinterland.


With the Pearlettes & Popsiders group she appeared on:


Bram Stoker's Dracula

Bram Stoker's Dracula is a 1992 American horror fantasy erotic drama movie. It was directed by Francis Ford Coppola and was produced by Francis Ford Coppola, Fred Fuchs and Charles Mulvehill. "Bram Stoker's Dracula" was released on November 13, 1992. The movie is based on the Bram Stoker novel, "Dracula".

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 79% "Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes. "Bram Stoker's Dracula" was the winner of three Academy Awards. The awards were won for Best Costume Design, Best Sound Editing and Best Makeup. It was also nominated for Best Art Direction/Set Decoration.


Évariste Galois

Évariste Galois (25 October 1811 – 31 May 1832) was a French mathematician. He died from a gunshot wound he received in a duel. Today, he is known for his theory about algebraic equations which is known as Galois theory. 

Torgny Melins

Torgny Melins is a dansband in Säffle, Sweden. The band scored chart successes in Sweden by the mid-late 2000's. In 2006, the band played at the Hultsfred Festival. It meant they became the first dansband since Sven-Ingvars in 1991 to do so. The band has also played at the at the Arvika Festival. The band has also recorded Teddybears Stockholm songs on the 2006 album Dansbander. Tehy also recorded soundtrack music for the 2007 film "Snart är det lördag igen".

In May 2007, TV4 aired a documentary series about the band, "Torgny Melins - från Säffle till Stureplan". In 2007, the band also recorded a duet with Kikki Danielsson, "Ska du gå din väg" , on the albm "Allting som vi har".

The band also participated at Dansbandskampen 2009. There, they were one of the finalists.

In March 2011, the band annoucned they would take a break.



Withdrawal (military)

A military withdrawal or retreat is a type of military operation. It generally means pulling back forces while maintaining contact with the enemy. There are several reasons why a military force would retreat. A force might pull back to occupy ground that is easier to defend. A retreat may be used to lead an enemy into an ambush. It may be moving back as quickly as possible in order to save your army from defeat. A withdrawal or retreat can be risky. It requires discipline to keep forces organized and not turn a retreat into a rout. Care must also be taken so a retreat does not damage a force's morale.

A withdrawal may be necessary when a defending force is outmatched or on disadvantageous ground. But it is usually important to cause as much damage to an enemy as possible. In such a case, the retreating force may employ a number of tactics and strategies. These are to slow an enemy's progress. This could include setting mines or booby traps during or before withdrawal. Sometimes ambush by a small force can slow or stop an enemy advance. Also, leading the enemy into prepared artillery barrages, or the use of scorched earth tactics.

In warfare, the long-term strategy is the defeat of the enemy. An effective tactical method is to demoralize the enemy. This is usually done by defeating their army. This is also done by routing them from the battlefield. Once a force had become disorganized it loses its ability to fight as a unit. The victors can chase down the fleeing soldiers. The victors can also attempt to cause as many casualties as possible. They also may try to take as many prisoners as possible.

However a commander must decide if the advantages of a pursuit is worth the risk the enemy is only pretending to retreat (a "feigned" retreat is an effective tactic).

The act of feigning a withdrawal or rout is to lure an enemy away from a defended position. It may lure them into a prepared ambush. It is an ancient tactic, and has been used throughout the history of warfare.

Two famous examples are:

Withdrawal of a military occupation may be due to political reasons. The purpose of 'Troop withdrawal' from occupied lands may not involve engagement with an enemy. It may be conducted during a period of ceasefire or relative peace, as in the cases of Palestine.

Mike Burney

Mike Burney (1 November 1944 – 13 November 2014) was an English jazz saxophonist. He was known for his performance in Roy Wood's band Wizzard playing the saxophone.

Burney died from cancer, aged 70.

Marius Barnard (surgeon)

Marius Barnard (3 November 1927 – 14 November 2014) was a South African cardiac surgeon. He was the inventor of critical illness insurance. Barnard was a member of the South African parliament between 1980 and 1989. Barnard was born in Beaufort West, Western Cape. His brother was Christiaan Barnard.

Barnard died in Johannesburg, aged 87.

Miami Vice

Miami Vice is an American television crime drama series. The show is about undercover police detectives. Don Johnson played James Crockett.

The show began on September 16, 1984 and ended in January 25, 1990.

A movie version was released in 2006.

USA Network

USA Network is an American television network. It is owned by NBCUniversal (which in turn is owned by Comcast).

USA Network began on September 8, 1971 as the Madison Square Garden Network. It was relaunched as USA Network on January 3, 1979.

USA airs original programming and reruns of network television programs. 

Lifetime

Lifetime is an American cable television network. This network airs television shows for women or with women in the lead roles. It is part of A&E Networks.

Lifetime was launched on February 1, 1984. Sister networks include Lifetime Real Women and Lifetime Movie Network.

Nancy Walker

Nancy Walker (May 10, 1922 – March 25, 1992) was an American actress and comedienne. She acted on stage, in movies and on television. She played Nancy in the movie "Best Foot Forward". She also made many guest appearances on "The Mary Tyler Moore Show".

Walker was born in Philadelphia. She died from lung cancer at 69.

The Mary Tyler Moore Show

The Mary Tyler Moore Show was an American sitcom. It was broadcast between September 1970 and March 1977. Mary Tyler Moore was the main star. She played Mary Richards, a single woman who moved to Minneapolis after being jilted. It spawned three spin-offs "Rhoda", "Phyllis" and "Lou Grant"

Valerie Harper played Rhoda. Betty White played Sue Ann.

This show won Peabody, Golden Globe and Emmy Awards for the show and for its cast members.

COPS (animated TV series)

COPS was an animated television program that aired Saturday mornings. The show was about cyber police. It was from Hasbro.

The show ran during 1988-1989. The name was changed to "CyberCOPS" because of the show of the same name on Fox networks.

AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted

AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted is the first studio album by American rapper, Ice Cube. "AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted" was released on May 16, 1990 through Priority Records.

The album peaked at #19 on the "Billboard" 200. It is considered to be one of the defining hip hop albums of the 1990s. The album was listed in the books "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die" and "1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die".

The album featured the singles "Who's the Mack?", "AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted", and "Endangered Species (Tales from the Darkside)".

Check Yo Self

"Check Yo Self" is a 1993 gangsta and political hip hop single from Ice Cube. Two versions exist. The original samples "Mustang Sally" by Wilson Pickett. The remix version samples "The Message" by Grandmaster Flash.

The remix version was released in July 1993.

The Super Mario Challenge

The Super Mario Challenge was a show that aired on The Children's Channel. It last from September to December 20, 1991, and aired every day 4:30 PM, except for weekends.

The person who presented the show was John Lenahan. He was dressed and looked like Mario. Two players had to do jobs that called for playing the "Mario" video games "Super Mario Bros.", "Super Mario Bros. 2", and "Super Mario Bros. 3". Rounds are made up of tests to see who could end a level in the fastest time. The other object of the game was to see which contestant gets the most coins on a certain level. Winners of each round would get one to three "gold coins." Then whoever holds the most at the end of the show would move forward to the next stage of the competition. If both players had an equal number of gold coins, a single-level sudden death playoff decided who would go through.

The show was dropped in 1991, quite a while before The Children's Channel changed to TCC. Link Anchor Man got many letters asking if the show would be done again, it never was.


Waldron shale

The Waldron shale is a fossiliferous rock formation in Indiana. It has fossils such as gastropods, trilobites and trace fossils. It dates back to the end of the Silurian, around 423 million years ago.

Diem Brown

Diem Brown (June 12, 1982 – November 14, 2014) was an American television personality and journalist. She was a recurring cast member on MTV's reality television series "The Challenge".

Brown died in New York City, from ovarian cancer, aged 32.

Robert Littell (politician)

Robert Eugene Littell (January 9, 1936 – November 14, 2014) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. Littell was born in Orange, New Jersey.

He served as a member of the New Jersey State Senate from 1992 to 2008. He represented the 15th Legislative District until 1982 and the 24th Legislative District. Before entering the Senate, he served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1968 to 1992 and the Franklin Borough Council from 1963 to 1965. He was a Delegate to the 1976 Republican National Convention.

Littell died in Franklin, New Jersey, aged 78.

Morteza Pashaei

Morteza Pashaei ( 13 August 1984 – 14 November 2014) was an Iranian musician, composer and pop singer. He was born in Tehran, Iran. Pashaei was known for his albums "Yeki hast", "Gole Bita", and "Esmesh Eshgheh".

On November 14, 2014, Pashaei died from stomach cancer in Tehran, Iran, aged 30.

Glen A. Larson

Glen Albert Larson (January 3, 1937 - November 14, 2014) was an American television producer and writer. He was best known as the creator of the television series "Battlestar Galactica", "Quincy, M.E.", "The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries", "B. J. and the Bear", "The Fall Guy", "Magnum, P.I." and "Knight Rider".

Larson died in Santa Monica, California from esophageal cancer, aged 77.

Grandee of Spain

The Grandes de España are the highest ranking members of the Spanish nobility. Their ranks are made up of those nobles holding the most important historical landed titles in Spain. In the modern day, many of these titles overlap or are held by the same person. Strategic marriages have collected titles under certain noble houses over time. 

In the modern day, all Grandees have the status 'of the first class'. It implies neither privilege nor power.

An individual is a grandee if he or she holds a "Grandeza de España", regardless of possession of a title of nobility. Normally, each "grandeza" is granted with a title, but this was not always the case. Also, a "Grandeza de España" is normally awarded along with every ducal title. Several members of both Spanish and French nobility were made Grandees also. 

Grandees and their consorts are entitled to the style of "The Most Excellent" (, male, or "", female; abbreviated as "Excmo. Sr." or "Excma. Sra."). In written form, their names are followed by the abbreviation G de E.


It's a Very Merry Muppet Christmas Movie

It's A Very Merry Muppet Christmas Movie is a 2002 NBC Christmas television movie. It was directed by Kirk R. Thatcher and was produced by Warren Carr and Martin G. Baker. "It's A Very Merry Muppet Christmas Movie" was released on November 29, 2002. The movie stars The Muppets, Whoopi Goldberg, David Arquette, Matthew Lillard, Joan Cusack, and the cast of "Scrubs". It is a homage to Frank Capra's 1946 movie, "It's a Wonderful Life".

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 90% "Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie was nominated at the Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Music and Lyrics for the song "Everyone Matters".





Cheese fries

Cheese fries are a popular fast food dish with french fries covered in cheese. Cheese fries are similar to the Canadian dish poutine. They are called "cheesy chips" or "chips and cheese" in places like the United Kingdom.

Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure

Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure is a 2009 American computer-animated comedy adventure movie. It was directed by Klay Hall and was produced by Sean Lurie. "Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure" was released on October 27, 2009. The movie is a sequel to the 2008 movie, "Tinker Bell".



Kim Ja-ok

Kim Ja-ok (October 11, 1951 – November 16, 2014) was a South Korean actress. Kim was born in Busan, South Korea. She was known for her roles in "Like Land and Sky", "My Tutor Friend", "Jeni, Juno", "The Righteous Thief", and in "Nobody's Daughter Haewon".

Ja-ok died in Seoul, South Korea from lung cancer, aged 63.

Lincoln D. Faurer

Lieutenant General Lincoln D. Faurer (February 7, 1928 – November 7, 2014) was an American lieutenant general. He served as the director of the National Security Agency and chief of the Central Security Service from 1981 to 1985.

Faurer died on November 7, 2014 in McLean, Virginia, aged 86.

Lucien Clergue

Lucien Clergue (; August 14, 1934 – November 15, 2014) was a French photographer. He was Chairman of the Academy of Fine Arts, Paris for 2013. Clergue was born in Arles, France.

Clergue died in Nîmes, France from a long illness, aged 80.

Janis Carter

Janis Carter (born Janis Elinore Dremann, October 10, 1913 – July 30, 1994) was an American actress. She acted on the stage, in movies, and on television. She appeared in over 30 movies during her career. She played Dorothy Anderson in the movie "One Mysterious Night". She also played Peggy in "Miss Grant Takes Richmond".

Carter was born in Cleveland, Ohio. She died in Durham, North Carolina after having a heart attack at age 80.

Adib Jatene

Adib Domingos Jatene (June 4, 1929 – November 14, 2014) was a Brazilian physician, university professor, cardiologist and thoracic surgeon. He was one of the founders of the University of São Paulo Heart Institute. He was known for creating the Jatene operation. Jantene was born in Xapuri, Brazil.

Jantene became Secretary of Health of the city of São Paulo and later Minister of Health of Brazil for both the Fernando Collor de Mello and Fernando Henrique Cardoso administrations. He was a member of the Brazilian Academy of Medicine. He published over 270 scientific academic studies.

Jatene died on November 14, 2014 of a heart attack in São Paulo, Brazil, aged 85.


Evelyn Keyes

Evelyn Keyes (November 20, 1916 – July 4, 2008) was an American actress. She played Suellen O'Hara in "Gone with the Wind" (1939). She also played Martha Garth in "Before I Hang" (1940).

Keyes was born in Port Arthur, Texas. She died at 91 in Montecito, California.

Bays of Canada

A bay is a large body of water. It is in the land next to a sea or lake between two headlands. Canada is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean, Pacific Ocean, and Arctic Ocean. There are also hundreds of lakes larger than 100 km2 (38.6 sq mi). Canada is also the second largest country by area. All of these factors mean that Canada has hundreds of bays.

Some of the large bays in Canada are:

Kamchatka Peninsula

The Kamchatka Peninsula (, "poluostrov Kamchatka") is a peninsula in eastern Russia. It is long. It covers about between the Pacific Ocean and the Sea of Okhotsk.

Kamchatka has the Volcanoes of Kamchatka, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.



Madhouse (book)

Madhouse: A Tragic Tale of Megalomania and Modern Medicine is a 2005 book by Andrew Scull which discusses the work of controversial psychiatrist Henry Cotton at Trenton State Hospital in New Jersey in the 1920s. Cotton thought that insanity was fundamentally a toxic disorder and he surgically removed body parts to try to improve mental health. This often began with the removal of teeth and tonsils. Much death and harm resulted from his experiments. Cotton's approach attracted some detractors, but most doctors of the day did not effectively object.

Laugh Now, Cry Later

Laugh Now, Cry Later is the seventh studio album by American rapper, Ice Cube. "Laugh Now, Cry Later" was released on June 9, 2006 through Lench Mob Records. It was the first album that was released through his independently owned record label. It is also Ice Cube's first studio album in six years.

The album debuted at #4 on the "Billboard" 200. "Laugh Now, Cry Later" was certified Gold by the RIAA which is uncommon for an album that was released through an independent label.

Corey Beaulieu

Corey Beaulieu (born November 22, 1983) is an American heavy metal guitarist. He is currently Trivium's lead guitarist. He joined Trivium in 2005, along with the current bassist Paolo Gregoletto. He says Slayer, Malmsteen, Megadeth and Metallica are among his main inspirations. He also says Guns N' Roses got him into music.

In July 2014, after Nick Augusto left Trivium, Beaulieu said the split "had to happen". He also said "It just wasn't working out".


Girl Meets World

Girl Meets World is an American coming of age sitcom. The show first aired on Disney Channel on June 27, 2014, and ended on January 20, 2017. It followed the premiere of the Disney Channel Original Movie, "Zapped". "Girl Meets World" is a sequel to the sitcom "Boy Meets World". The original show aired on ABC in its TGIF block from 1993 to 2000. On August 6, 2014, "Girl Meets World" was renewed for a second season by Disney Channel.

The show follows Cory and Topanga Matthews' daughter Riley (Rowan Blanchard) and her best friend, Maya Hart (Sabrina Carpenter) as they go through the challenges of life as they start seventh grade. The show also features their classmates Lucas (Peyton Meyer) and Farkle (Corey Fogelmanis), and Riley's younger brother Auggie (August Maturo). The show is set in New York City where Cory and Topanga moved to in the "Boy Meets World" series finale.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>


Hennessey, Oklahoma

Hennessey is a town in Kingfisher County, Oklahoma. The population was 2,151 in 2020.

The town is named after Pat Hennessy, an Iris Frighter, who was killed at the current location of the town in April, 1874.

Cheyenne, Oklahoma

Cheyenne is a town of Roger Mills, Oklahoma, United States. The population is 771 at the 2020 census. Its county seat is Cheyenne.

Queensland Rail

Queensland Rail (often shortened to QR) is a railway company that operates a number of trains in Queensland, Australia. It is also responsible for a maintaining certain railway tracks. It is owned by the government.

Tievebaun Mountain

Tievebaun Mountain (, meaning "grassy slope") is a mountain in County Leitrim, Republic of Ireland. The height of the mountain is . The mountain is known for its cliffs. The main summit of the mountain is named "Eagles Rock".

Tievebaun Mountain is the third highest mountain in the Dartry Mountains range.
It is the second highest mountain in County Leitrim. 

Marie Thérèse de Bourbon

Marie Thérèse de Bourbon (1666 – 1732) was ly the titular (in title only) Queen consort of Poland in 1697. She was the daughter of Henri Jules, Prince of Condé and of Anne Henriette of Bavaria. As a member of France's reigning House of Bourbon, she was a Princess of the blood. She was entitled to be addressed as Her/Your Serene Highness. 

She was married to François Louis, Prince of Conti. After her husband's death, she turned her attention to the renovation of the Conti residences. She began with the "Hôtel de Conti". It is now called the "Ministère de l'artisanat", 80 rue de Lille, Paris 7e. She commissioned Robert de Cotte, "Premier Architecte du Roi", to do the work.

Marie Thérèse died on 22 February 1732 at the "Hôtel de Conti". Her death was probably due to the syphilis she may have caught from her husband. She was buried at the "Église Saint-André des Arcs", in "L'Isle d'Adam".




Geordie Shore

Geordie Shore is a British reality television series. It is broadcast on MTV. Geordie Shore is based in Newcastle upon Tyne. It was first broadcast on 24 May 2011. Geordie Shore is the British version of the American show "Jersey Shore". "Geordie" is the regional nickname and dialect given to the people of the Tyneside area of North East England. It is closely associated with the city of Newcastle upon Tyne where the show is set. However the show includes cast members from various parts of North East England.

Caroline Wennergren

Caroline Wennergren, born 21 September 1985 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil is a Swedish singer. She has scored chart successes in Sweden. She participated at Melodifestivalen 2005 with the song A Different Kind of Love. The song ended up fifth in the final.



Retching

Retching (also called dry heaving or gagging) is when the motion of the stomach and esophagus goes backward, but there is no vomiting. It can be caused by bad smells, choking or stopping certain medications. It can also be because of stress.

Retching is different from vomiting. During a retch, pressure in the thorax goes down and pressure in the abdomen goes up. In vomiting, both pressures go up. 

Edie Adams

Edith Elizabeth Enke, also known as Edie Adams (April 16, 1927 – October 15, 2008), was an American business woman, singer, actress and comedienne. She won several Tony and Emmy Awards for her acting. She played Eileen Sherwood in the Broadway play "Wonderful Town". She also played Miss Olsen in the movie "The Apartment".

Adams was born in Kingston, Pennsylvania. She was married to Ernie Kovacs from 1954 until his death in 1962. She died from pneumonia and cancer at age 81 in Los Angeles.

Vampire in Brooklyn

Vampire in Brooklyn (also known as Wes Craven's Vampire in Brooklyn) is a 1995 American horror comedy movie. It was directed by Wes Craven and was produced by Eddie Murphy and Mark Lipsky. "Vampire in Brooklyn" was released on October 27, 1995. It was the final movie that was produced under Paramount Pictures since Eddie Murphy's contract ran out.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 10% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. During an interview with Rolling Stone, Murphy said why Vampire in Brooklyn was a failure. He was quoted as saying "The only way I was able to do "Nutty Professor" and to get out of my Paramount deal, I had to do Vampire in Brooklyn. But you know what ruined that movie? The wig. I walked out in that longhaired wig and people said, 'Oh, get the fuck out of here! What the hell is this?'"


Sir Gawain and the Green Knight

Sir Gawain and the Green Knight (Middle English: "Sir Gawayn and þe Grene Knyȝt") is a late 14th-century Middle English chivalric romance. It is one of the most notable Arthurian stories. It is known as the "beheading game". 
The story is written in stanzas of alliterative verse. Each stanza ends in a rhyming bob and wheel.

At a New Year's Day feast in Camelot, a huge green man rides in on a green horse carrying a large axe. He issues a challenge to any who dares to accept. He challenges any knight to strike him with his axe, if he will take a return blow in a year and a day. 

Sir Gawain, a knight of King Arthur's Round Table, accepts the challenge. Gawain beheads the Green Knight with his blow. Then the Green knight stands up and picks up his head. He says:

Having reminded Gawain of the appointed time, the Green Knight rides off. In his struggles to keep his bargain, Gawain sets off on his search. His honour is called into question several times. Gawain avoids several trials on his way. Finally he meets the Lady Bertilak, who tries to seduce him. He avoids this, but accepts a gift from her. He is bound to give the gift back to his host (who actually is the Green Knight in another form). When the day comes for the Green Knight to strike, Gawain kneels... When the Green Knight strikes, he nicks Gawain's neck, but otherwise Gawain is unhurt. The Green Knight explains that the nick is payment for Gawain's only fault, keeping the small gift.

The Green Knight is thought by some to be the Green Man of folklore, and by others to represent Satan. 



Peter Kassig

Peter Kassig (c. 1988 – c. November 16, 2014) was an American aid worker. He was the fifth Western hostage killed by Islamic State (IS). Kassig was captured near Deir Ezzour, Syria. He was on his way to deliver medical supplies and food to poor Syrians. 

On November 16, 2014, IS posted a video showing Jihadi John standing over a severed head but no beheading act. The White House confirmed the person killed was Kassig. Kassig was 26 years old.

Sik Kok Kwong

Sik Kok Kwong, (16 May 1919 – 16 November 2014) was a Tiantai Buddhist monk from Hong Kong. He was the first president of the Hong Kong Buddhist Association. He was also the Honorary Vice-President of the World Buddhist Sangha Council, a member of the Hong Kong Basic Law Drafting Committee, and a Hong Kong Affairs Advisor.

Kwong died in Happy Valley, Hong Kong, aged 95.

Jadwiga Piłsudska

Jadwiga Piłsudska-Jaraczewska (28 February 1920 – 16 November 2014) was a Polish pilot and architect. She served in the Air Transport Auxiliary during the Second World War. She is the one of two daughters of Marshal and Naczelnik Józef Piłsudski. She was born in Warsaw, Poland.

Piłsudska died on 16 November 2014 in Warsaw at the age of 94.

Eugene Dynkin

Eugene Borisovich Dynkin (; May 11, 1924 – 14 November 2014) was a Soviet-American mathematician. He worked most in probability and algebra. Dynkin especially worked in semisimple Lie groups, Lie algebras, and Markov processes. The Dynkin diagram, the Dynkin system, and Dynkin's lemma are named for him. Before his death, Dynkin was a mathematician at Cornell University.

Dynkin died at his home in Ithaca, New York, aged 90.

Coma Berenices

Coma Berenices is a constellation in the northern sky.

Black Eye galaxy

Reception theory

Reception theory is a theory proposed by Stuart Hall. Its main principal is that a text can have different meanings to different audiences. It is also called "reader response theory". The reader (or viewer) contributes to a text by interpreting it to what they think it says. This interpretation, or understanding, is a product of the whole audience reading or viewing it, not just individuals. How an audience receives a text can sometimes be radically different from how it was intended to be received.

Uses and gratifications theory

The Uses and gratifications theory is a theory by Blumer and Katz. It states that different people watch television and movies for different reasons.

There may be somebody who will watch a romantic comedy so that they can put themselves in the shoes of the characters and feel love. Somebody may watch "Breaking Bad" so that they can join in with social conversation relating to that topic. It may be said that you would watch a television for escapism so that you forget the stress or normal life.

Lupus (constellation)

Lupus is a constellation in the southern sky.

Hypodermic needle model

The hypodermic needle model (also known as the magic bullet theory or the direct effects model) is an early theory of mass communications. The theory stated that the mass media had direct influence over audiences by "injecting" their minds with information. According to this theory media messages are powerful forces and audiences are powerless to resist them. The theory was popular during the 1940s and 1950s. Ideas about the power of the mass media were based on historical events. One was the role played by the Hearst Newspapers in getting public support for the Spanish-American War. Another was the powerful Nazi propaganda campaigns by Joseph Goebbels in World War II. Still another was the idea of a powerful Madison Avenue advertising influence on consumer buying and voting. Later researchers determined the theory was just too simple and too general to be accurate.

Most modern media scholars think the theory is mostly false. However, many Americans still believe the mass media has unlimited power to control people's minds. In effect they believe the myth that if the mass media tells people to jump, the only question will be how high.

Indus (constellation)

Indus is a constellation in the southern sky.


Mensa (constellation)

Mensa is a constellation in the southern sky.

Tucana

Tucana is a constellation in the southern sky.

Delphinus (constellation)

Delphinus is a constellation in the southern sky.

Dorado (constellation)

Dorado is a constellation in the southern sky.


Sextans

Sextans is a constellation in the southern sky.

Triangulum Australe

Triangulum Australe is a constellation in the southern sky.

Equuleus

Equuleus is a constellation in the northern sky.

Eridanus (constellation)

Eridanus is a constellation in the southern sky.


Piscis Austrinus

Piscis Austrinus is a constellation in the southern sky.

Reticulum

Reticulum is a constellation in the southern sky.

Fornax

Fornax is a constellation in the southern sky.


Vela (constellation)

Vela is a constellation in the southern sky, which contains the Vela Supercluster. Its name is Latin for the sails of a ship, and it was originally part of a larger constellation, the ship "Argo Navis", which was later divided into three parts, the others being Carina and Puppis. With an apparent magnitude of 1.8, its brightest star is the hot blue multiple star Gamma Velorum, one component of which is the brightest Wolf-Rayet star in the sky. Delta and Kappa Velorum, together with Epsilon and Iota Carinae, form the asterism known as the False Cross. 1.95-magnitude Delta is actually a triple or quintuple star system.

Argo Navis was one of the 48 classical constellations listed by the 2nd-century astronomer Ptolemy, and represented the ship "Argo", used by Jason and the Argonauts on their quest for the Golden Fleece in Greek mythology. German cartographer Johann Bayer depicted the constellation on his "Uranometria" of 1603, and gave the stars Bayer designations from Alpha to Omega. However, his chart was inaccurate as the constellation was not fully visible from the Northern Hemisphere.

Argo was more accurately charted and subdivided in 1752 by the French astronomer Nicolas Louis de Lacaille, forming Carina (the keel), Vela (the sails), and Puppis (the poop deck). Despite the division, Lacaille kept Argo's Bayer designations. Therefore, Carina has the Alpha, Beta and Epsilon originally assigned to Argo Navis, while Vela's brightest stars are Gamma and Delta, Puppis has Zeta as its brightest star, and so on.

Vela is bordered by Antlia and Pyxis to the north, Puppis to the northwest, Carina to the south and southwest, and Centaurus to the east. Covering 500 square degrees, it ranks 32nd of the 88 modern constellations in size. The three-letter abbreviation for the constellation, as adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1922, is "Vel".

The official constellation boundaries, as set by Eugène Delporte in 1930, are defined by a polygon of 14 segments. In the equatorial coordinate system, the right ascension coordinates of these borders lie between 08 13.3 and 11 05.5 , while the declination coordinates are between −37.16° and −57.17°.

See also: List of stars in Vela

The brightest star in the constellation, Gamma Velorum, is a complex multiple star system. The brighter component, known as Gamma Velorum, shines as a blue-white star of apparent magnitude 1.83. It is a spectroscopic binary made up of two very hot blue stars orbiting each other every 78.5 days and separated by somewhere between 0.8 and 1.6 Astronomical Units (AU). The brighter component is a hot blue main-sequence star of spectral type O7.5 and is around 280,000 times as luminous, is around 30 times as massive and is 17 times the diameter of the Sun with a surface temperature of 35,000 K. The second component is an extremely rare example of hot star known as a Wolf–Rayet star, and is the brightest example in the sky. It has a surface temperature of 57,000 and is around 170,000 times as luminous as the Sun, though it radiates most of its energy in the ultraviolet spectrum. Gamma is a blue-white star of spectral type B2III and apparent magnitude 4.3. The two pairs are separated by 41 arcseconds, easily separable in binoculars. Parallax measurements give a distance of 1,116 light-years, meaning that they are at least 12,000 AU apart. Further afield are 7.3-magnitude Gamma Velorum C and 9.4-magnitude Gamma Velorum D, lying 62 and 93 arcseconds south-southeast from Gamma.

The next brightest star is Delta Velorum or Alsephina, also a multiple star system and one of the brightest eclipsing binaries in the sky. Together with Kappa Velorum or Markeb, Iota Carinae or Aspidiske and Epsilon Carinae or Avior, it forms the diamond-shaped asterism known as the False Cross—so called because it is sometimes mistaken for the Southern Cross, causing errors in astronavigation. Appearing as a white star of magnitude 1.95, Delta is actually a triple or possibly quintuple star system located around 80 light-years from the Solar System. Delta A has a magnitude of 1.99 and is an eclipsing binary composed of two A-type white stars (Delta Aa and Ab) which orbit each other every 45.2 days and lie 0.5 AU from each other, with a resulting drop in magnitude of 0.4 when the dimmer one passes.in front of the brighter. Delta B is a 5.1 magnitude yellow G-class star of similar dimensions to the Sun which ranges between 26 and 72 AU away from the brighter pair, taking 142 years to complete a revolution. Further out still, at a distance of 1700 AU, are two red dwarfs of magnitudes 11 and 13. If they are part of the multiple system, they take 28000 years to complete an orbit. Also called Markeb, Kappa appears as a blue-white star of spectral type B2IV-V and magnitude 2.47 but is in fact a spectroscopic binary. The two orbit around each other with a period of 116.65 days, but the size, mass and nature of the companion are as yet unclear.

The orange-hued Lambda Velorum, or Suhail, is the third-brightest star in the constellation. A supergiant of spectral type K4Ib-II, it varies between magnitudes 2.14 and 2.3, and lies 545 light-years distant. It has around 11,000 times the luminosity, 9 to 12 times the mass and 207 times the diameter of the Sun.

AH Velorum is a Cepheid variable located less than a degree to the northeast of Gamma. A yellow-white supergiant of spectral type F7Ib-II, it pulsates between magnitudes 5.5 and 5.89 over 4.2 days. Also lying close to Gamma, V Velorum is a Cepheid of spectral type F6-F9II ranging from magnitude 7.2 to 7.9 over 4.4 days. AI Velorum is located 2.8 degrees north-northeast of Gamma, a Delta Scuti variable of spectral type A2p-F2pIV/V that ranges between magnitudes 6.15 and 6.76 in around 2.7 hours.

V390 Velorum is an aged star that has been found to be surrounded by a dusty disk. An RV Tauri variable, it has a spectral type of F3e and ranges between magnitudes 9.01 and 9.27 over nearly 95 days.

Omicron Velorum is a blue-white subgiant of spectral type B3III-IV located around 495 light-years from the Solar System. A slowly pulsating B star, it ranges between magnitudes 3.57 and 3.63 over 2.8 days. It is the brightest star in, and gives its name to, the Omicron Velorum Cluster, also known as IC 2391, an open cluster located around 500 light-years away.

Seven star systems have been found to have planets. HD 75289 is a Sun-like star of spectral type G0V with a hot Jupiter planetary companion that takes only about 3.51 days to revolve at an orbital distance of 0.0482 AU. WASP-19 is a star of apparent magnitude 12.3 located 815 light-years away, which has a hot Jupiter-like planet that orbits every 0.7 days. HD 73526 is a Sun-like star of spectral type G6V that has two planets around double the mass of Jupiter each with orbits of 187 and 377 days, respectively.

HD 85390 is an orange dwarf of spectral type K1.5V lying around 111 light-years distant with a planet 42 times as massive as Earth orbiting every 788 days.

HD 93385 is a Sun-like star of spectral type G2/G3V located around 138 light-years away that is orbited by two super-Earths with periods of 13 and 46 days and masses 8.3 and 10.1 times that of Earth, respectively.

Triangulum

Triangulum is a constellation in the northern sky. The former constellation Triangulum Minus was once its own constellation, as a part of Triangulum.

Triangulum galaxy

Telescopium

Telescopium is a constellation in the southern sky.

Chamaeleon

Chamaeleon is a constellation in the southern sky.

Corona Borealis

Corona Borealis is a constellation in the northern sky.

Corona Australis

Corona Australis is a constellation in the southern sky.

Cepheus (constellation)

Cepheus is a constellation in the northern sky.




Cetus

Cetus is a constellation in the northern sky.

The most well known star in this constellation is Mira, a red giant.

Draco (constellation)

Draco is a constellation in the northern sky.


Grus (constellation)

Grus is a constellation in the southern sky.

Hydrus

Hydrus is a constellation in the southern sky.

Horologium (constellation)

Horologium is a constellation in the southern sky.

Sagitta

Sagitta is a small constellation in the northern sky. Its name is Latin for 'arrow'. It is one of the 48 constellations listed by Ptolemy and one of the 88 modern constellations defined by the International Astronomical Union (IAU).

Sagitta was called 'the arrow' by the ancient Greeks, and it was one of the 48 constellations listed by Ptolemy. Richard Hinckley Allen proposed that Sagitta could represent the arrow shot by Hercules towards the Stymphalian birds.

Sculptor (constellation)

Sculptor is a constellation in the southern sky.



Scutum

Scutum is a constellation in the southern sky.


Serpens

Serpens is a constellation in the northern sky.

Musca

Musca is a constellation in the southern sky.

Microscopium (constellation)

Microscopium is a constellation in the southern sky.

Pictor

Pictor is a constellation in the southern sky.

Pyxis

Pyxis is a constellation in the southern sky.

Virgo (constellation)

Virgo is a zodiac constellation which lies on the celestial equator. It is between Leo (at west) and Libra (at east).This constellation is large; the constellation is the second biggest constellation you can see on the sky. Legends say Virgo is Astraea.

Virgo's most briliant and important star is Spica (α Virginis). This star helps to see Virgo. Other important stars are Zavijava (β Virginis), Porrima (ν Virginis) or Auva, also called Minelava.

Because there is a galaxy cluster (the Virgo cluster) within its borders, this constellation is especially rich in galaxies.

Pavo (constellation)

Pavo is a constellation in the southern sky.

Columba (constellation)

Columba is a constellation in the southern sky.

Circinus

Circinus is a constellation in the southern sky.

Lacerta

Lacerta is a constellation in the northern sky.

Pegasus (constellation)

Pegasus is a constellation in the northern sky.

Perseus (constellation)

Perseus is a constellation in the northern sky named after Perseus, the mitological greek hero. Perseus is located in the northern celestial hemisphere. The brightest star in Perseus is Alpha Persei, that has an apparent magnitude (brightness as viewed from Earth) of 1.8. The best-known star in Perseus is Algol, which is known by its variability in brightness, that can be noted by the naked eye. Algol is a star system formed by multiple stars, of which two eclipses each other and creates the brightess variation. The Perseids are a meteor shower located in Perseus, that are proeminent during the months of July and August. Perseus' border constellations are: Aries, Taurus, Auriga, Camelopardalis, Cassiopeia, Andromeda and Triangulum. 

Pisces (constellation)

Pisces is a constellation located on the celestial equator.


Element: Water

Color: Mauve, Lilac, Purple, Violet, Sea green

Quality: Mutable

Day: Thursday

Ruler: Neptune, Jupiter

Greatest Compatibility: Virgo, Taurus

Lucky Numbers: 3, 9, 12, 15, 18, 24

Dates: February 19 - March 20Element: Water

Color: Mauve, Lilac, Purple, Violet, Sea green

Quality: Mutable

Day: Thursday

Ruler: Neptune, Jupiter

Greatest Compatibility: Virgo, Taurus

Lucky Numbers: 3, 9, 12, 15, 18, 24

Dates: February 19 - March 20

Lynx (constellation)

Lynx is a constellation in the northern sky.

Lyra

Lyra is a constellation in the northern sky.

Leo Minor

Leo Minor is a constellation in the northern sky.

Musca (fly)

Musca is an important genus of flies. It includes "Musca domestica" (the common housefly), as well as "Musca autumnalis" (the face fly or autumn housefly). It is part of the family Muscidae.

P. W. Botha

Peter William Botha (12 January 1916 – 31 October 2006) was a South African politician.

Botha was the last Prime Minister of the country. In 1984 the office was abolished. After that he served as the first State President. During his political career, he was an opponent of Majority rule and Communism.

When he was first elected to parliament in 1948, he was against black majority rule. In 1992, there was a referendum to allow black majority rule. In that referendum, Botha campaigned for the No vote. Botha supported apartheid throughout his life.

In 2006, Botha died of a heart attack, aged 90.

King for a Day

King for a Day is a song by American rock band Pierce the Veil. They are from San Diego. This song is from Pierce the Veil's "Collide with the Sky". King for a Day was released on June 5, 2012.

This song includes lead singer, Kellin Quinn, from the Sleeping with Sirens, another rock band.

Instar

An instar is a stage in the growth of an insect larva. As an example, there are three instars in the growth of a housefly. During each instar it eats and grows. Then it sheds (moults) its outer covering (exoskeleton) and grows some more. After the third instar it changes into a pupa, the next stage in its development. The adult (imago) which comes out of the pupa is the familiar housefly. With many insects, most of the eating and growing is done by the larvae. The function of the adults is to reproduce.

Pinckney's Treaty

Pinckney's Treaty is a treaty between Spain and the United States. It is also known as Treaty of San Lorenzo or Treaty of Madrid. 

It defined the boundaries of the United States with the Spanish colonies. It also guaranteed the United States navigation rights on the Mississippi River. The treaty's full title is Treaty of Friendship, Limits, and Navigation Between Spain and the United States. Thomas Pinckney negotiated the treaty for the United States and Don Manuel de Godoy represented Spain. Among other things, it ended the first phase of the West Florida Controversy, a dispute between the two nations over the boundaries of the Spanish colony of West Florida.

The treaty was presented to the United States Senate on February 26, 1796 and after several weeks of debate was ratified on March 7, 1796. It was ratified by Spain on April 25, 1796 and ratifications were exchanged on that date. The treaty was proclaimed on August 3, 1796.

90125

90125 is the eleventh studio album by Yes. The album was released on November 8, 1983 through Atlantic Records. It was the group's first studio album of new material in 3 years. It peaked at number 2 in France and Germany, number 3 in Canada and Switzerland, number 4 in the Netherlands, number 5 in the United States and number 16 in the United Kingdom. It received a Grammy nomination for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal and a Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance in 1985.

Idrijca

The Idrijca is a river in western Slovenia that flows through the Idrija Hills and Cerkno Hills. It is a tributary of the Soča river.

The area of the upper Idrijca, from its source to the town of Idrijca (a distance of about 30 km), is part of the "Krajinski Park Zgornja Idrijca" ("Upper Idrijca Natural Park"). Here there are many karst features and an important diversity of plant species.

The Idrijca river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

This river is one of the few places where the Marble trout ("Salmo marmoratus") is found.

The source of the Idrijca is in "Mrzla Rupa", part of the small village of Vojsko in the municipality of Idrija, western Slovenia, at an altitude of .

From its source, the Idrijca flows to the southeast and then, after its confluence with the Bela river, turns to the northeast. Then, after passing through the town of Idrija, the river turns to the northwest and joins the Soča in Most na Soči, to the south of Tolmin.

The Idrijca passes through the municipalities of Idrija, Cerkno and Tolmin.

Most of the tributaries of the Idrijca river are small stream. The most important is the Bača with a length of ; it joins the Idrijca in the village of Bača pri Modreju, in the municipality of Tolmin.

One of the tributaries is the "Jezernica" river, that is only long and which originates from the Wild Lake ().



Vipava (river)

The Vipava (in Slovene), Vipacco (in Italian) or Vipau (in Friulian) is a river that flows through western Slovenia and northeastern Italy.

The Battle of the Frigidus was fought in 394 near the river, which was named "Frigidus" ('cold') by the Romans.

The Vipava river has a length of , in Slovenia and in Italy. Its drainage basin has an area of about ( in Slovenia).

The river flows through the southern part of the Vipava valley; this valley goes from the village of Podnamos, Slovenia, to Savogna d'Isonzo, in Italy.

The source of the Vipava is close to the city of Vipava, in the municipality of Vipava, western Slovenia, at an altitude of .

From its source, the Vipava flows to the northwest and follows this direction through the Vipava valley. It passes through the Slovenian municipalities of Vipava, Ajdovščina, Nova Gorica, Renče–Vogrsko and Miren–Kostanjevica. Then, at an altitude of , the river crosses the border and gets into the Italian "comune" of Savogna d'Isonzo (Friuli-Venezia Giulia region) and finally joins the Soča river.

There are not important tributaries, only very small streams.



Kisan Vikas Patra

Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP) is a savings plan that was reintroduced on 18-Nov-2014 by the Government of India. It is to encourage people to save their money and not invest in fraudulent schemes. The plan offers current interest rate of 7.6 per cent. It doubles an investment in 113 months (9 years, 5 months). Finance Minister Arun Jaitley started the plan. The Directorate of Small Savings Government of India, sells these saving bonds through all Post Offices in the country. A KVP can be cashed in after two and a half years from the date of issue at the purchase amount plus interest. However, there is no tax break for investors in KVPs.

When an investor buys a KVP the Post office issues a certificate of deposit. It has the investors name, the amount and date of maturity. KVPs are available in amounts of 1,000, 5,000, 10,000 and 50,000 Rs.. Anyone can invest in Kisan Vikas Patra if they are an adult and a citizen of India.

Hyades (mythology)

In Greek mythology the Hyades were nymphs who were responsible for letting it rain. Their number varies from originally three to fifteen. They were the daughters of Atlas, and most stories say that they were the sisters of Hyas. The main story is that Hyas was killed in a hunting accident, so the Hyades wept because of their grief. 

Ghosts (board game)

Ghosts (Finnish: Kummituspeli, Swedish: Spökspelet) is a board game designed by Alex Randolph for two players, released in 1982 by Milton Bradley.

The game takes place on a 6×6 board representing a haunted castle. Both players are given eight ghosts, of which four are good (marked by a blue dot) and four are evil (marked by a red dot). The ghosts are assembled in two rows of four at the player's own edge of the board. At each of the four corners is an exit from the castle.

The idea of the game is that neither player knows which of the other player's ghosts are good and which are evil. Facing the front, all ghosts look the same. The dots are only on the back. The players can arrange the good and evil ghosts how they wish at the start of the game.

The game is turn-based. On his or her turn, each player moves one ghost one square, either up, down, left or right. A ghost may capture an opponent's ghost by moving to its square. Only when a ghost is captured does the opposing player know whether it is good or evil.

If a player captures all four of the opposing player's good ghosts, he or she has won the game. But if a player captures all four of the opposing player's evil ghosts, he or she has lost the game. The game can also be won by moving one of the good ghosts through one of the exits at the opposing side of the board.

The strategy of the game play involves mainly trying to guess which of the opponent's ghosts are which by their movement patterns and trying to fool the opponent with confusing movement patterns.

Capitulation of Alexandria

The Capitulation of Alexandria was an important event in the struggle between France and Great Britain for influence in the Middle East around 1800.

The French campaign in Egypt and Syria (1798–1801) was part of Napoleon Bonaparte's campaign in the East. His plan was to protect French trade, undermine Britain's access to India and establish scientific entreprise in the region. His Mediterranean campaign of 1798, a series of naval engagements that included the capture of Malta, prepared the way for the attack on Egypt. In July, he defeated British and Mamluk forces at the Battle of the Pyramids and took control of Egypt. 

The British responded at the Battle of the Nile, in 1798, when the Royal Navy, under Horatio Nelson, defeated the French fleet, which was almost completely destroyed, off the coast of Egypt. That changed the balance of power between the two nations at war in the Mediterranean. 

On land in Egypt, the French were opposed by a joint force of British and Ottoman troops. The defeated French retreated to Alexandria, the second city of Egypt, where the British-led force surrounded them. On 30 August 1801, French General Jacques-François Menou offered to surrender and proposed terms. The terms were adjusted and then agreed. The event and the treaty is known as the Capitulation of Alexandria.

The articles of the treaty included this:

That made Britain get hold of the Rosetta Stone and other Egyptian antiquities, which had bee collected by the French "Commission des Sciences et des Arts" and the scholars of the "Institut d'Égypte".

Student's t-distribution

\!</math>|

 mgf = undefined|

Student's t-distribution is a probability distribution which was developed by William Sealy Gosset in 1908. "Student" is the pseudonym he used when he published the paper describing the distribution.

A normal distribution describes a full population, "t"-distributions describe samples drawn from a full population; accordingly, the "t"-distribution for each sample size is different, and the larger the sample, the more the distribution resembles a normal distribution.

The "t"-distribution plays a role in many widely used statistical analyses, including the Student's "t"-test for assessing the statistical significance of the difference between two sample means, the construction of confidence intervals for the difference between two population means, and in linear regression analysis. The Student's "t"-distribution also arises in the Bayesian analysis of data from a normal family.

Gosset worked at a brewery and was interested in the problems of small samples, for example the chemical properties of barley. In the problems he analyzed, the sample size might be as low as three. Because of the small sample size, estimating the standard deviation is not possible. Also, in many cases Gosset encountered, the probability distribution of the samples was not known.

One version of the origin of the pseudonym is that Gosset's employer preferred staff to use pen names (instead of their real name) when publishing scientific papers, so he used the name "Student" to hide his identity. Another version is that the brewery did not want their competitors to know that they were using the "t"-test to test the quality of raw material.

If we take a sample of "n" observations from a normal distribution, then the "t"-distribution with "ν = n−1" degrees of freedom can be defined as the distribution of the location of the sample mean formula_6, relative to the true mean formula_7, divided by the sample standard deviation formula_8 over the normalizing term formula_9 (that is, formula_10). In this way, the "t"-distribution can be used to estimate how likely it is that the true mean lies in any given range.

The "t"-distribution is symmetric and bell-shaped, like the normal distribution, but has heavier tails, meaning that it is more prone to producing values that fall far from its mean. This makes it useful for understanding the statistical behavior of certain types of ratios of random quantities, in which variation in the denominator is amplified and may produce outlying values when the denominator of the ratio falls close to zero. The Student's "t"-distribution is a special case of the generalised hyperbolic distribution.


Jamstik

Jamstik is a portable 6-string MIDI guitar controller with five frets made by Zivix, LLC. The Jamstik is compatible with iPad, iPhone and Macintosh. It weighs .

The Jamstik comes with an included instructional app called JamTutor. JamTutor helps teach new guitar players the basics of guitar.

Saturn Nebula

The Staturn Nebula is a planetary nebula in the constellation of Aquarius. It is about 2,400 light-years away from Earth.

Helix nebula

The Helix nebula is a planetary nebula in the constellation of Aquarius. It is about 700 light-years away from Earth.

Sara Montiel

Sara Montiel (10 March 1928 – 8 April 2013) was a Spanish actress and singer. She played Juana Montes in "Serenade" (1956). She also played in 2004's "Bad Education". Montiel was a prominent Spanish singer, having many albums.

Montiel was born Maria Antonia Abad in Campo de Criptana, La Mancha, Spain on 10 March 1928. At age 16 she began acting and appeared in a number of movies. In 1950 Montiel moved to Mexico where she acted and sang in several films. In 1954 she co-starred in the movie Vera Cruz with Gregory Peck and Bert Lancaster. In 1956 she appeared in Serenade with Mario Lanza and Joan Fontaine. Montiel returned to Spain to star in a number of films. She became Spain's most popular star for the next decade. She retired from movies in the early 1970s but still appeared on television and the Stage. In 2011 she returned to appear in the comedy movie "Abrazame". She died on 8 April 2013 in Madrid at age eighty-five.

Bogan Hunters

Bogan Hunters is an Australian television show. It is a comedy and also a reality television show. It is all about three people called 'Bogan Hunters' who are looking for Australia's greatest Bogan so they can give them a prize.

The show has three main actors, Pauly, Shazza and Kev the Kiwi. These three go all over Australia meeting many Bogans. They want to find one that is much more of a Bogan than any other one they meet. They have picked eight famous people to help them find who is the greatest Bogan in Australia. The greatest Bogan will get a trophy and a Holden 'Straya' ute with beer on it, or a makeover. The show is about 2 percent jokes, but the rest is all real. The show has been very popular in both Australia and New Zealand.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

The DVD goes for 244 minutes.



Bogan

The term bogan () is an Australian and New Zealander slang word. It can be used to describe a person with a working class background. Or it can be someone whose speech, clothing, attitude and behaviour display a proud working class attitude. Sometimes the word can have a negative meaning. Over the last several decades, the bogan has become a very widespread and well respected group. There are many local names that describe the same or similar groups of people.

Bogans are often thought to be people who live in the outer suburbs of larger cities. They are less keen on dental hygiene than others. They also tend to be anti-authority, proud of their country, have home done tattoos, love classic rock, love Peter Brock, hoon around and drink a lot of alcohol. A bogan attitude is not pretentious and is very honest.

Some types of clothing are associated with bogans. These include flannelette shirts, monkey hoodies, Stubbies shorts, King Gee workwear, thongs and Ugg boots. They also wear jeans and black leggings. Victorian Bogans typically wear acid wash jeans, ugg boots, and band T-shirts with mullet style haircuts. In the mid 1990s, New Zealand Bogans were typically dressed in all black. Super-taper black jeans were fairly standard and black woollen jerseys. Long fringe or long hair in general was also common.

Vehicles such as the Holden Commodore and Ford Falcon, are also common among bogans.

Bogans typically do not copy middle-class styles of taste, diet, hobbies, fashion and language. Bogans are sometimes looked down upon by some other groups. This can make the lives of disadvantaged people much tougher.

The term bogan is nowadays used to display a pride in being rough around the edges. In 2002, Michelle Griffin discussed the fact that ‘bogan’ is no longer being used as an insult. It is in fact a way to identify with the ‘Aussie’ culture that many Anglo‐Saxon Australian citizens are so proud of. In the past, bogan was a bad term. Now many take pride in being called a bogan. Radio station Triple J held a "National Bogan Day" on 28 June 2002, which they commemorated by playing music by bands such as Cold Chisel, Midnight Oil, Rose Tattoo and AC/DC.


Kriegsmarine

The Reichsmarine, later called Kriegsmarine (, "War Navy") was the Navy of Weimar Republic from 1919 to 1935 and Nazi Germany from 1935 to 1945. It replaced the Imperial German Navy of World War I and the inter-war "Reichsmarine". The "Kriegsmarine" was one of three official branches of the "Wehrmacht", the armed forces of Nazi Germany.

The "Kriegsmarine" was developed during the German naval rearmament of the 1930s. The Treaty of Versailles had limited the size of the German navy after World War I. It also prevented Germany from building submarines. But by 1934 Germany had secretly most of the parts they needed to construct submarines (called U-boats). In early 1935 Hitler ordered the U-boats to be built. In January 1939 Plan Z was ordered, calling for the construction of many surface naval vessels. The ships of the "Kriegsmarine" fought during the Spanish Civil War and World War II. The commander of the "Kriegsmarine" was Karl Dönitz.

The Kriegsmarine's most famous ships were the U-boats. Most of them were built after Plan Z was abandoned at the beginning of World War II. Wolfpacks were groups of submarines that attacked British convoys. Most of the attacks were during the first half of the Battle of the Atlantic. Along with the U-boats, commerce raiders and cruisers were used to disrupt Allied shipping in the early years of the war. The most famous of these were the heavy cruisers "Admiral Graf Spee" and "Admiral Scheer" and the battleship "Bismarck". However, the allied adoption of convoy escorts greatly reduced the danger from commerce raiders.


Luděk Bukač

Luděk Bukač (4 August 1935 – 20 April 2019) was a Czech ice hockey player and manager. As a player, he played for ČLTK Praha, HC Sparta Praha and HC Dukla Jihlava, while as a manager, he coached HC Sparta Praha, HC Košice and HC České Budějovice. As a manager, he coached the Czechoslovak, Austrian, German and Czech national teams. With the Czech Republic, he won the 1996 IIHF World Championship.

Bukač died on 20 April 2019, aged 83.

Bengt Nyholm

Bengt Nyholm, born 30 January 1930 in Härnösand, Sweden, dead 10 September 2015 in Mantorp, Sweden, was a Swedish association football goalkeeper. In 1961, was awarded the Guldbollen Award.

Carl Sanders

Carl Edward Sanders, Sr. (May 15, 1925 – November 16, 2014) was an American politician. He served as the 74th Governor of the state of Georgia serving from 1963 to 1967.

Sanders died on November 16, 2014 at the age of 89, after a fall at his home in Augusta, Georgia, aged 89.


Jovan Ćirilov

Jovan Ćirilov (; 30 August 1931 – 16 November 2014) was a Serbian theater expert, philosopher, writer, theatre selector, and poet. He mostly wrote about the Serbian culture. He was born in Kikinda, Yugoslavia.

As a member of the League of Communists of Yugoslavia, he was the first person who publicly called for decriminalization of male same-sex relations ("sodomy laws") in the 1980s.

Ćirilov died in Belgrade, Serbia, aged 83.


Bill Frenzel

William Eldridge "Bill" Frenzel (July 31, 1928 – November 17, 2014) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. Frenzel was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Minnesota. He represented Minnesota's 3rd district. Frenzel was born in St. Paul, Minnesota.

Frenzel died of cancer on November 17, 2014 in McLean, Virginia, aged 86.

Pepe Eliaschev

José Ricardo Eliaschev (May 31, 1945 – November 18, 2014), better known as Pepe Eliaschev, was an Argentine journalist and writer. He was of Jewish descent. He was the author of ten books. He worked as a journalist and his interviews are well known to world figures such as Cassius Clay, Ted Kennedy, Jorge Rafael Videla, Raúl Alfonsín, José Mujica, Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle, Carlos Fuentes, Mario Vargas Llosa, Ernesto Sabato and Augusto Roa Bastos. In addition, he was director of Municipal Radio of Buenos Aires from 1989 to 1991.

Eliaschev died on November 18, 2014 in Buenos Aires, Argentina at the age of 69 from pancreatic cancer.

Mihailo Đurić

Mihailo Đurić (Serbian Cyrillic: Михаило Ђурић; 22 August 1925 – 25 November 2011) was one of Serbia's most prominent philosophers, a professor at the University of Belgrade's Law School, and a member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts.

Mihailo Đurić was born in Šabac, Kingdom of Yugoslavia to Stevan (a judge) and Milica (nee Despotović, a schoolteacher). After finishing gymnasuim he studied law, philosophy, and classical philology at Belgrade University. He earned his PhD in law at Belgrade University in 1954.

Đurić began teaching at the Law School of Belgrade University in 1954 and received tenure in 1969. At the Law School he taught History of politics theories, General sociology, and Social science methodology classes. He lost his tenure at the University and was jailed in 1973 because of his public speech, given on March 18. 1971. From 1974. to 1989. he worked as a scholar at the Social Science Institute in Belgrade. In the same period he was a visiting philosophy professor at West Berlin, Augsburg University.

Along with professor Jozef Simon and as a philosopher, Đurić was head of the Nietsche philosophy international seminars from 1981. to 1991. at the Dubrovnik Inter-university Center, Dubrovnik Yugoslavia. 

Đurić, for contribution to the philosophical and legal sciences, won the international Prize "Prof. Luigi Tartufari" from the prominent National Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Italy, in 2009.

Marianne Stone

Marianne Stone (August 23, 1922 – December 21, 2009) was an English character actress. She appeared in many movies from the early 1940s through the late 1980s. She usually played landladies, barmaids and other working-class women. She played Mavis in "The Angry Silence" (1960). In "Lolita" (1962), she played Vivian Darkbloom.

Stone was born in London, England. She died there at age 87.

Lolita (1962 movie)

Lolita is a 1962 British-American drama movie. It set in the 1950s in the United States. It is based on the novel "Lolita" by Vladimir Nabokov. It was directed by Stanley Kubrick. It is about a middle-aged man Humbert Humbert (James Mason) who becomes obsessed with Lolita, a girl in her early teens. He marries her mother as a means of having a sexual relationship with Lolita. Sue Lyon plays Dolores "Lolita" Haze. Shelley Winters plays Lolita's mother Charlotte Haze.

This movie was released on June 13, 1962.

Sue Lyon

Sue Lyon (July 10, 1946 – December 26, 2019) was an American actress. She played Dolores "Lolita" Haze in the 1962 movie "Lolita". She also played Charlotte in "The Night of the Iguana". In 1963, she won a Golden Globe Award.

Lyon was born in Davenport, Iowa. She was married to screenwriter Hampton Fancher from 1963 until they divorced in 1965. Lyon died of a long-illness in Los Angeles at the age of 73.

IPhone 5S

The iPhone 5S is a smartphone that is designed and made by Apple Inc. It was released on September 20, 2013. Apple held an event to introduce the iPhone 5S, along with the iPhone 5C, on September 10, 2013. It has the same design as the iPhone 5, but has new features such as the Touch ID fingerprint scanner and an improved camera.

King Abdullah Financial District

The King Abdullah Financial District (KAFD) is being built in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. It will have the Saudi Stock Exchange and Capital Market Authority. The KAFD will be an important financial center in the Middle East. However, KAFD will not only be a financial center. It will have areas where people live, offices, and educational and recreational facilities. The King Abdullah Financial District is estimated to be worth about $7.8 billion (US). 

There will be multiple educational and recreational attractions for residents and visitors of all ages in The KAFD. KAFD will feature museums, exhibitions, malls, hotels, restaurants, conference centers and auditoriums. Such as, the Aquarium, the Conference Center, the Built Environment Museum, the Earth's Climate Center, the Science Museum, the Relaxation Health Club, and the Interactive Children's Museum. Also, there will be seven uniquely designed mosques spread throughout the KAFD. Also, every building will have footbridges that will connect one building to another. That will make traveling through buildings easy.
Further, the monorail train that will travel through the whole district.

The King Abdullah Financial District will span an area of 1.6 million square meters that consists of 34 towers in total. The KAFD will cover over 3 million square meters of space for different purposes such as residential, parking, and office spaces. KAFD will house 12,000 residents and in addition, it will have 62,000 parking spaces.
The King Abdullah Financial District will have the headquarters of the Capital Market Authority (CMA) and the Saudi Stock Exchange (Tadwul).
Added to that, the KAFD will also accommodate a financial academy, and a number of banks, companies and other financial institutions.

Bombardier Inc has been given a SR904- million ($241-million) contract to build a monorail system for the King Abdullah Financial District. KAFD’s architecture is designed and is being supervised by Henning Larsen Architects. Moreover, Zaha Hadid Architects will design the KAFD’s metro station.

Statistical significance

Statistics uses variables to describe a measurement. Such a variable is called statistically significant if under a certain status quo assumption, the probability of obtaining its outcome (or a more extreme outcome) is less than a given value. Statistical significance is hence a way of determining the "unlikeliness" of an experimental result—when a certain status quo assumption is assumed to be true. Statistical hypothesis tests are used to check significance. 

The concept of statistical significance was originated by Ronald Fisher in his 1925 publication, "Statistical Methods for Research Workers", when he developed statistical hypothesis testing (which he described as "tests of significance"). Fisher suggested a probability of one in twenty (0.05 or 5%)—as a convenient cutoff level to reject the null hypothesis. In their 1933 paper, Jerzy Neyman and Egon Pearson recommended that the significance level (for example 0.05), which they called α, be set before any data collection.

Despite his initial suggestion of 0.05 as a significance level, Fisher did not intend this cutoff value to be fixed. In his 1956 publication "Statistical methods and scientific inference", he recommended that significant levels be set according to specific circumstances.


NGC 6193

NGC 6193 is an open cluster of 27 stars in the constellation of Ara. It is about 3,765 light-years away, and it can be seen by eye from Earth. 

NGC 6193 lies at the centre of the Ara OB1 association. The cluster radiates energy to the nearby regions of the nebulosity NGC 6188.

At its centre are two O class multiple star systems within 10" of each other, and a probable binary B0 giant. These are very hot large stars. They are part of the multiple star system HD 150136. There are four stars which are each 36 to 63 times more massive than the Sun, 6 to ten times hotter, and each is more than 10,000 times as bright (luminosity) as the Sun.

M43

M43 is a planetary nebula in the constellation of Orion. It is about 1,600 light-years away from Earth. It is part of the Orion nebula.

M78

M78 is a reflection nebula in the constellation of Orion. It is about 1,600 light-years away from Earth. It is part of the Orion complex.

Barnard's Loop

Barnard's Loop is an emission nebula in the constellation of Orion. It is about 1,600 light-years away from Earth. It is part of the Orion complex. It is a semicircular arc that is about 300 light-years across. In the center of Bernard's Loop are two nebula. These are the Orion nebula and the Horsehead nebula. Barnard’s Loop is made up of Plasma. The mainly red color comes from hydrogen gas.



NGC 1999

NGC 1999 (nicknamed the "keyhole nebula") is a reflection nebula in the constellation of Orion. It is about 1,500 light-years away from Earth.

NGC 2174

NGC 2174 (also named the Monkey Head Nebula) is an emission nebula in the constellation of Orion. It is about 6,400 light-years away from Earth.

Trifid nebula

The Trifid Nebula is an emission nebula in the constellation of Sagittarius. It is a large H II region that is bright enough to be viewed with binoculars. The Trifid nebula is about 5,200 light-years away from Earth. It gets its name from its three visible dust lanes. 

NGC 6559

NGC 6559 is an star forming region in the constellation of Sagittarius. It is about 5,000 light years from earth. About 7 light years across, it is a dense cloud of dust that hides other stars.

Omega Nebula

The Omega Nebula (nicknamed the "Swan Nebula") is an H II region in the constellation of Sagittarius. It is about 5,500 light-years away from Earth. It was discovered by Philippe Loys de Chéseaux in 1745. Charles Messier added it to his catalog as M17 on the night of 3 June 1764. M17 has more names than any other deep-sky object. In addition to the Omega Nebula and Swan Nebula, it is also called the Horseshoe Nebula, the Checkmark Nebula and the Lobster Nebula. Omega can be seen through binoculars or a small telescope.

Bengt Hennings

Bengt Hennings is a dansband from Länghem in Sweden. The band was established in 1967. By the late 2000s and the early 2010s, the band scored album chart successes in Sweden.

The band participated at Dansbandskampen 2008. The band made it further from the first programme together with Scotts, before getting knocked out by Larz-Kristerz in the second programme. The band was then revoted into the finals. The band's wind section won a Guldklaven Award in 2008 in the year "wind musicians of the year". The band has also participated in the documentary film Får jag lov - till den sista dansen?.



Lövgrens

Lövgrens is a dansband from Billesholm in Sweden. The band was established in 1994. In the early 2010s, the band has scored album chart successes in Sweden. The band was called Claes Lövgrens until July 2017. It was named after singer Claes Lövgren. The band's drummer Johan Fredriksson was awarded the "drummer of the year" in 2007.

Lövgrens has played together since 1994. Since new-year 2002-2003, the band is a full-time band, touring all over Sweden



Sugarloaf Cable Car

The Sugarloaf Cable Car; ) is a cableway in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It moves between Praia Vermelha and the inselberg Sugarloaf Mountain. It stops at Morro da Urca (at ) on its way up and down. It reaches the summit of the mountain.

The cableway was envisioned by the engineer Augusto Ferreira Ramos in 1908. He sought support from well-known figures of Rio de Janeiro's high society to promote its construction. It was opened in 1912

Juan Carlos Ferrero

Juan Carlos Ferrero Donat (born February 12, 1980) is a Spanish retired professional tennis player. He won the French Open in 2003. Ferrero was ranked world number 1 from September 8 to November 2 in the same year.

Yevgeny Kafelnikov

Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Kafelnikov (born February 18, 1974) is a retired Russian professional tennis player. He won the French Open in 1996 and the Australian Open in 1999. Kafelnikov was world ranked number one from May 3 to June 13 1999. He also won four Grand Slam doubles titles. Kafelnikov won the Men's Singles Gold medal at the Sydney Olympic Games in 2000. He also helped Russia win the Davis Cup in 2002. He is the last man to have won both the Men's Singles and Doubles titles at the same Grand Slam tournament, which he did at the 1996 French Open.

María José Alvarado

María José Alvarado Muñoz (19 July 1995 –13 November 2014) was an Honduran beauty queen and Miss Honduras World 2014. She was scheduled to compete at the Miss World 2014 contest in London in December 2014, but was murdered before to the event. 

Alvarado was found dead on November 19, 2014 in Cablotales, Honduras. She was 19 years old.


Ramón Hoyos

Ramón Hoyos Vallejo (26 May 1932- 19 November 2014) was a Colombian road bicycle racer. He won the men's individual road race at the 1959 Pan American Games. He represented his native country twice at the Summer Olympics; in 1956 and 1960.

Hoyos died of a heart attack in Bogota, Colombia, aged 82. 

Otieno Kajwang

Gerald Otieno Kajwang (15 July 1959 – 18 November 2014) was a Kenyan politician. He was a member of the Orange Democratic Movement. He was elected to represent the Mbita Constituency in the National Assembly of Kenya since the Kenyan parliamentary election, 2007. In the 2013 elections, Kajwang was elected to represent Homa Bay county as a senator.

Kajwang died on 19 November 2014 at Mater hospital from cardiac arrest, aged 55.


Gholam Hossein Mazloumi

Gholam Hossein Mazloumi (13 January 1950 – 19 November 2014) was an Iranian football player, coach and football administrator. He was born in Abadan, Iran.

He played for three clubs - Taj Abadan, Taj Tehran (Esteghlal), and Shahbaz FC, as well as the Iranian national team. He also managed Esteghlal from 1988 to 1989.

During his time as a football player, he scored 37 goals for Iran national football team and was Iran's all-time top scorer for twelve years before his record was broken by Ali Daei. He was top scorer at the 1974 Asian Games and 1976 AFC Asian Cup.

He was chairman of Shahin Bushehr from 2011 to 2013 and also honorary deputy chairman of Esteghlal. He died on 19 November 2014 in Tehran, Iran, aged 64, two years after being diagnosed with stomach cancer.


Greg Lake

Gregory Stuart "Greg" Lake (10 November 1947 – 7 December 2016) was an English musician. He was born in Poole, Dorset. He began his career in 1966.

Lake was the founder of the rock band King Crimson. He was later the lead singer in the group Emerson, Lake and Palmer.

Lake died in London on 7 December 2016 from pancreatic cancer, aged 69.


Leon Askin

Leon Askin (Leon Aschkenasy; September 18, 1907 – June 3, 2005) was an Austrian movie and television actor. He was best known for playing the character "General Burkhalter" on the TV situation comedy "Hogan's Heroes". Askin was born in Vienna, Austria.

Askin died in Vienna, Austria from natural causes, aged 97.


Werner Herzog

Werner Herzog Stipetić (; born 5 September 1942 in Munich, Germany), known as Werner Herzog, is a German movie director, producer, screenwriter, author, actor and opera director. He is known for directing science fiction or just fiction movies and documentary films. Herzog is thought to be one of the greatest German movie directors.






Films written, not directed, by Herzog:


Herzog has written all his films, except these which he co-wrote:


Herzog has also co-written:




Life Itself (movie)

Life Itself is a 2014 American biographical-documentary movie directed by Steve James. It is a biopic on the life and career of movie critic Roger Ebert. Movie directors such as Martin Scorsese and Werner Herzog appear in the documentary. It was released on July 4, 2014 to very positive reviews. It has a 98% on Rotten Tomatoes.

Foxcatcher

Foxcatcher is a 2014 American biographical-drama movie directed by Bennett Miller. It is about how American philanthropist John Eleuthère du Pont killed an Olympian's brother in 1996. It stars Steve Carell, Channing Tatum, Mark Ruffalo, Vanessa Redgrave, and Anthony Michael Hall. It was released on a limited time on November 14, 2014 and will have an extended released in 2015.

Lolita (1997 movie)

Lolita is a 1997 French-American drama movie. It is set in the late 1940s and early 1950s in the United States. It is about a relationship between a man in his forties and a 14 year old girl named Lolita after he marries her mother. Dominique Swain plays Dolores "Lolita" Haze. Jeremy Irons plays Humbert Humbert. Melanie Griffith plays Charlotte Haze. Frank Langella plays Clare Quilty, who lures Lolita away to perform in pornography.

The film had difficulty finding an American distributor and premiered in Europe before being released in America. The film was eventually picked up in the United States by Showtime, a cable network, before finally being released theatrically by The Samuel Goldwyn Company.

The movie got good reviews from the critics. It did poorly at the box office.

It was the second movie made from the book "Lolita".


Rapunzel

"Rapunzel" is a German fairy tale. It was first published in 1812 as part of "Grimms' Fairy Tales". The best known line in the story is "Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair".

The story starts with a lonely couple that wants a child. They live next to a walled garden that belongs to an evil witch named Dame Gothel. The wife is pregnant with a girl. When she gives birth, Dame Gothel takes her newborn and names her Rapunzel.

Rapunzel is taken into a tower to be shut out from the world. One day a prince chances upon Rapunzel and asks her to marry him. She agrees. Dame Gothel finds out about the prince who is planning to free Rapunzel, so she cuts Rapunzel's hair off and sends her to a faraway desert. 

The following night the prince climbs up the tower only to find Dame Gothel holding Rapunzel's cut hair. Dame Gothel throws the prince out of the tower, leading him to fall on thorny bushes and become blind. 

Months later, the prince, who is still blind, finds Rapunzel through her singing. Rapunzel cries into his arms, and her tears bring back the prince's sight. The prince takes Rapunzel to his kingdom, where they lived happily ever after. 

There have been many stories, books and films made overtime based on the story. In 2011, Disney released a film titled "Tangled".

Teratorn

The teratorns were a group of very large birds of prey that lived in the Americas from the Oligocene to Pleistocene epochs. They are all extinct now. They include some of the largest known flying birds. So far, at least five species in four genera have been identified:

Teratornithidae are related to New World vultures ("Cathartidae", syn. "Vulturidae").



This group of huge birds lived at a time before mankind reached the Americas in any numbers. The land was more heavily forested than today, and so had herbivores more suited to forests than today. The finds in California suggest that similar conditions existed in much of California and North America west of the mountains.

Telegram (software)

Telegram Messenger is a messaging service which lets its users send each other messages, photos, videos and documents (all file types are supported). The client applications are open source and the server is proprietary software (closed source). It is based in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates.

Telegram was started in 2013 by the brothers Nikolai and Pavel Durov, the creators of VK. 

Telegram is registered as a company in the British Virgin Islands and as an LLC in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. Pavel Durov said that the service was headquartered in Berlin, Germany, between 2014 and early 2015, but moved to different jurisdictions after failing to obtain residence permits for everyone on the team. According to press reports, Telegram had employees in Saint Petersburg, Russia, from 2014 to 2017. The Telegram team is based in Dubai as of 2017.

In April 2018, Russian court ruled to block Telegram in Russia. Some Russians tried to circumvent the ban by using open proxies in other countries. The on 18 June 2020. Russian ministers and officials now use it.

On 5 October 2021, Telegram gained over 70 million new users as a result of an outage which affected Facebook and its affiliates.

It has been called "social media for organised criminals", because there is no censorship. Durov says it is a safe haven for citizens living in repressive regimes, such as Belarus, Iran and Hong Kong. “In Dubai the government doesn’t bother us.” It allows Iran-linked militant groups including Hamas, Hizbollah and Iraqi militia groups to use it. A psychological warfare unit of the Israel Defense Forces, had run an unauthorised Telegram Channel entitled “72 Virgins — Uncensored” in 2023. Its rules say that it will block terrorist channels

In 2024 it was said to have 900 million monthly active users. It has more than 80,000 servers around the world. There are only about 50 full-time employees

Telegram lets its users send voice notes, photos, videos and files of all types. Groups can also have a maximum of 200,000 members. There are channels — for one-way broadcasting of messages — with unlimited subscribers. Telegram uses a similar system of message read statuses to WhatsApp, with 1 check = sent, 2 checks = read (opened).

Konstantin Khabensky

Konstantín Yúrievich Khabénsky (; born in 11 January, 1972) is a Russian actor. He played Anton Gorodetsky in the movie Night Watch. He also starred in the sequel, Day Watch. 

Khabensky was born and trained in Leningrad. Before "Night Watch", he was already a famous actor in his country. He had appeared in several movies and TV series and theatres. Since 2003, he has been a member of the Moscow Art theatre.


Yakety Yak

"Yakety Yak" is a 1958 Motown song by The Coasters. The song was remixed to be used as the theme song to an early 2000s cartoon.

Tänndalen

Tänndalen, Southern Sami: Teanndaelie, is a minor locality in Härjedalen Municipality in Sweden. In 2010, 66 people lived there.

Davis Cup

The Davis Cup is an annual tennis tournament. Countries from around the world compete against each other in teams.
Only the 16 best ranked teams take part. Teams play against each other in rounds or 'ties'. In each tie, 5 matches or 'rubbers' are played: four singles and one doubles match. The team to win the most matches (3 or more) is the winner and goes to the next round.

Argo Navis

Argo Navis is a constellation in the southern sky. In the past, it represented the ship of Jason and his argonauts who were in search of the Golden Fleece. Today, it is no longer seen as one constellation but is divided instead into three smaller ones. These are Puppis (the stern), Carina (the keel) and Vela (the sails). It is visible mainly in the southern hemisphere. If it were still recognized today it would be the biggest constellation in the sky.


Liria Palace

The Liria Palace () is a building in Madrid. It is the personal property of the House of Alba.

The palace was commissioned by Duke of Berwick. He was also Duke of Liria.
In the early 19th century, it passed to the House of Alba. Eugénie de Montijo, last empress consort of the French, died here in exile in 1920.

All but the facades were destroyed during the Spanish Civil War. It was rebuilt by Jacobo Fitz-James Stuart, 17th Duke of Alba and his daughter Cayetana. The British architect Edwin Lutyens provided some designs for the interior. The reconstruction used his plans, even though he died before then.

As of 2012, the owner of the palace was the 18th Duchess of Alba. She lived in Seville. The main resident of the palace was her son and heir Carlos Fitz-James Stuart, 14th Duke of Huéscar. 

Mike Nichols

Mike Nichols (born Mikhail Igor Peschkowsky; November 6, 1931 – November 19, 2014) was an American television, stage and movie director, writer, producer and comedian. He was half of the comedy duo Nichols and May, along with Elaine May. In 1968 he won the Academy Award for Best Director for the movie "The Graduate". His other movies include "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?", "Catch-22", "Carnal Knowledge", "Silkwood", "Working Girl", "Wolf", "The Birdcage", "Closer", "Charlie Wilson's War" (his final movie), and the TV mini-series "Angels in America". He also staged the original theatrical productions of "Barefoot in the Park", "Luv", "The Odd Couple" and "Spamalot".

Nichols won an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony Award. His other honors included the Lincoln Center Gala Tribute in 1999, the National Medal of Arts in 2001, the Kennedy Center Honors in 2003 and the AFI Life Achievement Award in 2010.

Nichols died suddenly from a heart attack on November 19, 2014, at his home in Manhattan.

Alberto Moreno

Alberto Moreno Pérez (born 5 July 1992) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Liverpool and Spain national team as a defender in the left back position.

45||3||2||0||14||0||0||0||61||3
9||1||0||0||3||0||0||0||12||1
54||4||2||0||17||0||0||0||73||4

!Total||3||0

Club Ninja

Club Ninja is the tenth studio album by American heavy metal band Blue Oyster Cult. The album was released on December 10, 1985. It was the group's tenth studio album with record label Columbia Records. It was their first studio album with new material in 2 years. It was their only album without keyboardist Allen Lanier.

Trophy Wife

Trophy Wife is an American television sitcom. It aired during the 2013–14 television season on ABC. The series was co-created and executive produced by Emily Halpern and Sarah Haskins for ABC Studios. The series was green-lit by ABC for a series order pick up on May 10, 2013. "Trophy Wife" premiered on September 24, 2013.

On May 8, 2014, ABC canceled "Trophy Wife" after one season. The final episode aired the following week.

The series starred Malin Åkerman, Bradley Whitford and Marcia Gay Harden.

Volker Schlöndorff

Volker Schlöndorff (born 31 March 1939) is a German movie director, screenwriter, and movie producer. He is a very important director of the New German Cinema of the late 1960s and early 1970s.

He won an Oscar as well as the Palme d'or at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival for "The Tin Drum" (1979), the movie version of the novel by Nobel Prize-winning author Günter Grass.


Rainer Werner Fassbinder

Rainer Werner Fassbinder (; 31 May 1945 – 10 June 1982) was a German stage and movie director, movie producer, screenwriter, and stage and movie actor. He is one of the most important figures in the New German Cinema. He was born in Bad Wörishofen, Bavaria, Germany.

Fassbinder was bisexual. He died at the age of 37 from a heart attack caused by a lethal cocktail of cocaine and barbiturates in Munich, Germany.


Cayetana Fitz-James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba

María del Rosario Fitz-James Stuart y de Silva, (18th) Duchess of Alba de Tormes, Grandee of Spain (28 March 1926 – 20 November 2014) was a Spanish aristocrat. She was the head of the House of Alba. Stuart was the third woman to carry the title in her own right. She was born in Liria Palace, Madrid, Spain.

Stuart died in Palace of the Dukes of Alba, Seville, Spain, aged 88.



Ken Takakura

, born was a Japanese actor. He was best known for his roles in "Black Rain" and in "The Yakuza". He won the Japan Academy Prize four times, more than any other actor. He was born in Nakama, Fukuoka, Japan.

Takakura died in Tokyo, Japan from lymphoma, aged 83.

Jim Webb

James Henry "Jim" Webb, Jr. (born February 9, 1946) is an American politician. He was a United States Senator from Virginia from 2007 to 2013. He is also an author and served as Secretary of the Navy from 1987 to 1988 under the Ronald Reagan administration. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Webb announced on November 19, 2014 that he is forming a committee to run for President of the United States in 2016. On July 2, 2015, Webb announced that we will run for president in 2016. He suspended his campaign and withdrew from the election on October 20, 2015.

Webb was born in St. Joseph, Missouri. His father, James Henry Webb, served in the United States Air Force. His mother, Vera Lorraine Hodges, was a housewife. His family descended from Irish-Scots immigrants. Webb went to many schools in the U.S. and in England. He was raised in Bellevue, Nebraska.

Webb graduated from the University of Southern California, Georgetown University Law Center, and from the United States Naval Academy.

From 1977 to 1981, Webb worked on the staff of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs. During this time, he also represented veterans pro bono. Webb also taught at the Naval Academy and was criticized for a 1979 article published in the "Washingtonian" magazine titled "Women Can't Fight" (see "Senate Election" below).

During the Reagan Administration, Webb served as the nation's first Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Affairs from 1984 to 1987.

During his time as Assistant Secretary, Webb sought to reorganize the Marine Corps. He was gravely concerned with the disarray the Marines had fallen into post-Vietnam: drug use, racial infighting, and low morale within the Corps left him with the impression it was no longer America's premier fighting force.

In 1987, he served as Secretary of the Navy, becoming the first Naval Academy graduate to serve as the civilian head of the Navy. As Navy Secretary, Webb pushed the appointment of Alfred M. Gray Jr. as Commandant of the Marine Corps, hoping that Gray could reshape the Corps into the elite unit it once was.

Webb resigned in 1988 after refusing to agree to reduce the size of the Navy. Webb had wished to increase the Navy to 600 ships. As revealed in "The Reagan Diaries", President Ronald Reagan wrote on February 22, 1988: "I don't think Navy was sorry to see him go."

After his resignation, Webb earned his living primarily as an author and filmmaker. He won an Emmy Award for his 1983 PBS coverage of the U.S. Marines in Beirut.

On February 7, 2006, he announced that he would seek the Democratic nomination for the 2006 Senate race against incumbent Virginia Senator George Allen.

In the Democratic primary on June 13, 2006, Webb faced longtime businessman and lobbyist Harris Miller. Webb won with 53.5% of the vote, in a race with low turnout. On January 4, 2007, Webb was sworn into the 110th U.S. Senate, accompanied by Sen. John Warner, R-Va., a fellow former Secretary of the Navy; and former Virginia Democratic Sen. Chuck Robb, who held the same seat before losing to Allen.

On November 15, 2006, Senate majority-leader-in-waiting Harry Reid assigned Webb to three committees: the committees on Foreign Relations, Veterans' Affairs, and Armed Services.

On January 23, 2007, Webb delivered the Democratic response to the President's State of the Union address, focusing on the economy and Iraq. Webb's speech drew positive reviews, and was regarded as one of the stronger State of the Union responses in recent memory. Webb, a decorated war veteran, spoke of his family’s military past, his own passionate attachment to the military, and the way in which previous presidents had always attempted to ensure that all precautions had been taken when sending young Americans into harm's way.

On August 14, 2009 Webb visited Myanmar (Burma), seeing its junta's leader, Gen. Than Shwe, and also the pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi, who was under house arrest. During Webb's visit with Than Shwe, Webb negotiated the release and deportation of an imprisoned American, John Yettaw.

On February 9, 2011, Webb announced that he would not run for re-election of his Senate seat in 2012.

On November 19, 2014, Webb announced the formation of an exploratory committee in preparation for a possible bid for the Democratic Party's nomination for President of the United States in 2016. He made the announcement via a video posted on his website, as well as on YouTube.

On June 15, 2015, Webb announced he would make a decision regarding a presidential bid by the end of the month. He made a formal announcement on July 2, 2015. He suspended his campaign and withdrew from the election on October 20, 2015.

Webb married Barbara Samorajczyk in 1968. They divorced in 1979. Then, Webb married Jo Ann Kruckar in 1981. They divorced in 2004. Webb is currently married to Hong Lee since 2005. Webb has five children and a step-child.


Paul Nitze

Paul Henry Nitze (January 16, 1907 – October 19, 2004) was an American politician. He helped shape Cold War defense policy over the course of many presidential administrations. He helped Ronald Reagan negotiate the INF Treaty. 


Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986

The Immigration Reform and Control Act (IRCA), also known as the Simpson-Mazzoli Act, was signed into law by Ronald Reagan on November 6, 1986, is an Act of Congress which reformed United States immigration law. 


At the time, the Immigration and Naturalization Service estimated that about four million illegal immigrants would apply for legal status through the act and that roughly half of them would be eligible. 


King Ralph

King Ralph is a 1991 American comedy movie, directed by David S. Ward. It stars John Goodman, Peter O'Toole, Richard Griffiths, Leslie Phillips, John Hurt, Julian Glover, and Judy Parfitt. It was released to negative reviews on February 15, 1991. The film was fairly successful at the box office, making $52 million compared to its $23 million overall budget.

The movie is about an American singer from Las Vegas, who becomes the only living heir and unlikely King of the United Kingdom, after the entire British Royal Family is electrocuted and killed in an accident outside Buckingham Palace, while having their royal photography taken.


Museum of Palaeontology and Archaeology of Estanzuela

The Museum of Palaeontology and Archaeology of Estanzuela is a museum in Estanzuela, Zacapa, Guatemala. The museum is the largest and only one of its kind in Guatemala. It displays mammoths and many other prehistoric animals found in Guatemala.

Audra McDonald

Audra McDonald (born July 3, 1970) is an American actress and singer. 

She played Professor Carla Bonatelle in the television series "The Bedford Diaries", Dr. Naomi Bennett in "Private Practice", and Jackie Brock in "Mister Sterling". She was nominated for Emmy Awards for playing Susie Monahan in the TV movie "Wit" and Ruth Younger in the TV movie "A Raisin in the Sun." She won an Emmy in 2015 for her part as Lucy in "", a musical that was filmed for "Live From Lincoln Center". She was also in the "Live From Lincoln Center" filmed musical "Passion" as Clara and played Grace Farrell in the TV movie "Annie" and Mother Abbess in "The Sound of Music Live!". Her show "Lady Day at Emerson's Bar and Grill".

On Broadway she played Ayah in "The Secret Garden", Carrie Pipperidge in "Carousel", Sharon Graham in "Master Class", Sarah in "Ragtime", Marie Christine L'Adrese in "Marie Christine", Lady Percy in "Henry IV", Ruth Younger in "A Raisin in the Sun", Lizzie Curry in "110 in the Shade", Olivia in "Twelfth Night", Bess in "Porgy and Bess", Billie Holiday in "Lady Day at Emerson's Bar and Grill", and Lottie Gee in "Shuffle Along: Or the Making of the Musical Sensation of 1921 and All That Followed". She won Tony Awards for "Carousel", "Master Class", "Ragtime", "A Raisin in the Sun", "Porgy and Bess", and "Lady Day at Emerson's Bar and Grill", and was nominated for "Marie Christine" and "110 in the Shade". She was also nominated for a Grammy Award for "Porgy and Bess".

She also performed in the Broadway concert "Something Wonderful" and played Deena Jones in the Actor's Fund concert of "Dreamgirls". She played Jenny in "Rise and Fall of the City of Mahoganny" at the Los Angeles Opera, and won two Grammy Awards for the cast album.

McDonald has also been in movies. She played Maureen in "Ricki and the Flash", Sally in "Hello Again", and Garderobe in "Beauty and the Beast". 

She has her own concert DVD, "Audra McDonald- Live at the Donmar London", and has done lots of shows at Carnegie Hall. She tours frequently. She also has five CDs- "Way Back to Paradise", "How Glory Goes", "Happy Songs", "Build a Bridge", and "Go Back Home".

McDonald was born in Berlin, Germany to American parents. She was raised in Fresno, California.

Into the Woods (movie)

Into the Woods is an American 2014 musical fantasy movie. The movie takes characters from different fairy tales, mixing stories. Meryl Streep plays The Witch. Anna Kendrick plays Cinderella. Johnny Depp plays The Wolf. Christine Baranski plays the Stepmother of Cinderella.

The movie was released on December 25, 2014.

Frémontiers

Frémontiers is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 150 people lived there.

Gamaches

Gamaches is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 2,730 people lived there.

Gapennes

Gapennes is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 253 people lived there. 

Gentelles

Gentelles is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 562 people lived there.

Ginchy

Ginchy is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Gratibus

Gratibus is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Grivillers

Grivillers is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Gruny

Gruny is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Grivesnes

Grivesnes is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Guerbigny

Guerbigny is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Grattepanche

Grattepanche is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Grécourt

Grécourt is a former commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Hombleux.

Gueschart

Gueschart is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Gueudecourt

Gueudecourt is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Guignemicourt

Guignemicourt is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Somme department in north France. It is southwest of Amiens.

Guillaucourt

Guillaucourt is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Guillemont

Guillemont is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

It was an heavy area of combat during World War I. 

Guizancourt

Guizancourt is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Frettecuisse

Frettecuisse is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Friaucourt

Friaucourt is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Fréchencourt

Fréchencourt is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Incineration

Incineration is a form of waste disposal in which waste is burnt. Incineration converts the waste into ash, flue gas, and heat. The heat can be used to generate electricity with a steam turbine.

The first incinerators for waste disposal were built in Nottingham by Manlove, Alliott & Co. Ltd. in 1874. They were originally known as destructors. The first incinerator in the US was built in 1885 on Governors Island in New York, NY.

Frucourt

Frucourt is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Fricourt

Fricourt is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Froyelles

Froyelles is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Frettemeule

Frettemeule is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Fricamps

Fricamps is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Hervilly

Hervilly is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Bermesnil

Bermesnil is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Léalvillers

Léalvillers is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Hull City Hall

Hull City Hall is a civic building in Kingston upon Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, England. The City Hall does not perform an administrative function for Hull's council. This is based in the Guildhall.

It is a Grade II* listed building, built in the Neo-Baroque style by Hull's City architect Joseph Hirst 1903–09. It was restored c.1950 following war damage. It was altered in 1986 and 1989.

It is located in Queen Victoria Square in the city centre. Hull City Hall is home to a grand central hall which plays host to a varied programme of concerts including pop, rock and classical music as well as civic functions such as graduation ceremonies for the University of Hull. The city's main tourist information office and shop is based on the building's ground floor.

Louvrechy

Louvrechy is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 206 people lived there.

Badger

Badgers are short-legged mammals found across Europe, Africa, North America and Asia. 

Badgers have wide bodies, with short legs for digging. They have long weasel-like heads with small ears. Their tails vary in length depending on species. They have black faces with white markings and grey bodies with a light-coloured stripe from head to tail. They have dark legs with light coloured underbellies. They grow to around in length including the tail. The European badger is one of the largest badgers. The American badger, the hog badger and the honey badger are a little smaller and lighter. They weigh around 9.1–11 kg (20–24 lb) on average, with some badgers in Europe and Asia weighing about 18 kg (40 lb)

A male badger is called a boar. A female is called a sow. A young badger is called a cub. 

Badgers are found in North America, Ireland, Britain and most of Europe. The Javan ferret-badger lives in Indonesia. The Bornean ferret-badger lives in Malaysia. The honey badger is found in sub-Saharan Africa, the Arabian Desert, southern Levant, Turkmenistan, and India.

Badgers all live underground. They live in burrows called setts, which may be very large. Some live on their own, moving from home to home. Others are known to form family groups called "cetes". Between two and fifteen badgers can live in a cete at one time. Badgers can run or gallop at speeds of up to 25–30 km/h (16–19 mph) for short periods of time. Badgers are only active at night. They can dig a hole fast enough to escape most predators. They fill in the hole behind them as they dig.

The badger’s diet is mainly small mammals; mice, gophers and squirrels. They eat amphibians, reptiles and birds. Badgers also eat earthworms, insects, grubs, and bird eggs. They will sometimes eat roots and fruit. In Britain, they are the main predator of hedgehogs. Badgers have been known to become drunk from the alcohol found in rotting fruit.




Lamaronde

Lamaronde is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 64 people lived there.

Laucourt

Laucourt is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 174 people lived there.

Lanchères

Lanchères is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 1,002 people lived there.

Hérissart

Hérissart is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 559 people lived there.

Hénencourt

Hénencourt is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Le Translay

Le Translay is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France.

Lihons

Lihons is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Blood substitute

Blood substitute (also called blood surrogate) is the name for a number of substances that can perform some functions of blood. Blood substitutes are often used in blood transfusions where real blood is not available. Losing a lot of blood can mean there is not enough blood left to keep up the oxygen transfer to certain organs, or the brain. This state is a medical emergency, as it can lead to organ failure and death. Blood substitutes can help in these situations.

There are two basic types of blood substitutes:

An oxygen-carrying blood substitute, or artificial haemoglobin, is an artificially made red substitute whose main function is to carry oxygen, as does natural haemoglobin.

The first goal of oxygen carrying blood substitutes is just to mimic blood's oxygen transport capacity. Unfortunately, oxygen transport, one function that distinguishes real blood from other "volume expanders", has been very difficult to reproduce.

There are some good reasons why the world needs blood substitutes:

Since oxygen therapeutics are not yet widely available, the United States Army is experimenting with varieties of dried blood, which take up less room, weigh less and can be used much longer than blood plasma. Saline has to be added before use. Dried blood is better for first aid during combat than whole blood or packed red cells.

Esperanto symbols

Esperanto, the most used constructed language, has got some traditional symbols during its history.

The basic symbol of Esperanto is the green five-pointed star. Its five corners represents five continents (according to traditional meaning - Europe, America, Asia, Oceania, Africa), the green color is the symbol of hope. In cases when they use the star outside the flag, they add a letter "E" to it. In Esperanto they call it "verda stelo" (green star).

The esperanto flag has a green background with a white square in the upper lefthand corner, which in turn contains a green star. Esperantists use the flag for representing their language and culture. Swedish esperantist G. Jonson has iniciated use of the green color and the green star. C. Rjabinis and P. Deullin has created final suggestion of the flag in 1893. The green color represents hope and the white color represents peace. In Esperanto they call it "Esperanto-flago" (Esperanto flag).

During the hundredth (100th) anniversary of Esperanto in 1987, World Esperanto Association has made this special logo. The two (2) inverse rounded letters "E" creates the form representating the Earth. In Esperanto they call it "Jubilea simbolo" (Jubilee symbol).

Esperantists consider the poem "La Espero" (the hope) by L. L. Zamenhof with music by Félicien Menu de Ménil to be an anthem of Esperanto.

Liomer

Liomer is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Machiel

Machiel is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 177 people lived there.

Lucheux

Lucheux is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 577 people lived there.

Liéramont

Liéramont is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Argoules

Argoules is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France. Just over 300 people live in Argoules.

Aveluy

Aveluy is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Authuille

Authuille is a commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 169 people lived there.

Temperament

Temperament is a term from psychology to describe the way in which an individual behaves. Examples for temperament are introversion and extroversion. Many psychologists believe that the traits called temperament are innate, and that they are not learned. Temperament also seems to be independent of the mood of the person or animal.

Galen of Pergamon was among the first people to describe different temperaments, or humors, as they were called at the time. Galen identified four types: 
These correspond to the four classical elements fire, water, earth and air.

Authieule

Authieule is a commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 365 people lived there.

The Pillow Book

The Pillow Book is a book written by Sei Shōnagon . Sei Shōnagon was a member of the Kiyohara family. She wrote the notes that made up her diary (or "pillow book") while she was a member of the court of Empress Sadako. The book is a classic of Japanese literature. It is one of two of the greatest examples of prose literature of this time period. It is a collection of pieces of writing that vary from one or two sentences to several pages. It is the author's observations of people, life at court, and nature. 


Maisnières

Maisnières is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Loeuilly

Loeuilly is a former commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Ô-de-Selle.

Liercourt

Liercourt is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Ligescourt

Ligescourt is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 231 people lived there.

Licourt

Licourt is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 391 people lived there.

Huppy

Huppy is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2012, 818 people lived there.

Ignaucourt

Ignaucourt is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France.

Cizancourt

Cizancourt is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Chuignes

Chuignes is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

On August 23, 1918 a German marine canon weighing 600 tonnes, measuring 21 m and with a range of about 40 km was captured by Australian major general John Monash's troops during World War I: the Chuignes Big Bertha.

Chirmont

Chirmont is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

Carrépuis

Carrépuis is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Brucamps

Brucamps is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

There are still many sculpted and decorated farmhouses from the 19th century, built of stone and brick (which are no longer in use today).

Several of these farms had arched gateways. That helped avoid damage from incoming carriages. 

Hancourt

Hancourt is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Somme department in the north of France.

René

René is a given name. It is used for both males and females. It is common in French- and Spanish-speaking areas. The name comes from the Latin name "Renatus". The name René was originally given only to males. In some countries that are not French-speaking, the name is also given to females (sometimes without the accent). This name was ranked #964 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


Sebastián Rulli

Sebastián Rulli (born July 6, 1975 in Buenos Aires, Argentina), is an Argentine actor and model.

August Vandekerkhove

August Vandekerkhove (15 October 1838 Kanegem – 24 March 1923 Mâcon) was a Belgian writer, playwright, poet, painter and inventor. He wrote under the pseudonym S.U. Zanne. Vandekerkhove started a movement he called Cosmosofie (Cosmosophy). He said that Cosmosophy was the opposite of Theosophy. When he was young he wrote a novel and three plays. His literary work was inspired by ethics and psychology. Later he moved to Scotland, the USA and France.

In France he wrote works on kabala, esotericism and the occult. He was one of the first writers talking about subjects like feminism and the Age of Aquarius. Each year on Palm Sunday at 5 PM, at the cemetery of Flacé in Mâcon in France, people come together to remember him.




Willem Elsschot

Willem Elsschot (7 May 1882 - 31 May 1960), was a Belgian writer and poet.
His real name was "Alphonsus Josephus de Ridder".
He was born in Antwerp. His parents ran a bakery.
He studied at the Atheneum of Antwerp, were he was inspired for literature by his teacher Pol de Mont. Later he went to the business high school of Antwerp and ran an advertising agency.


Yusufkhel District

Yusuf Khel () is a district in Paktika Province, Afghanistan. It was established in 2004 after a subdivision of Zarghun Shar.

Vaughan

Vaughan ( ) is a city in York Region north of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Vaughan was the fastest-growing municipality in Canada between 1996–2006, achieving a population growth rate of 80.2% according to Statistics Canada, having nearly doubled in population since 1991. It is the fifth-largest city in the Greater Toronto Area, and the 17th largest city in Canada.

Koenraad Elst

Koenraad Elst (born 7 August 1959) is a Belgian author, orientalist and Indologist. Elst is known for his writings in support for the Out of India theory. It's true that the Indo-European language family originated in India.

Elst was born in Leuven, Belgium on 7 August 1959. He studied Indology, Sinology and philosophy. His family was Flemish Catholic. He earned a Ph.D. from the Catholic University of Leuven (Belgium). Elst is known for his views on the Indo-European culture and languages.



Betsy Blair

Elizabeth Winifred Boger (known as Betsy Blair; December 11, 1923 – March 13, 2009) was an American movie and stage actress. Her movies include "A Double Life" and "Marty". 

Blair was born in Cliffside Park, New Jersey. She died in London from cancer of unknown primary origin at 85.

Kathleen Byron

Kathleen Byron (11 January 1921 – 18 January 2009) was a British actress. She acted in movies, theatre, and on television. She played Sister Ruth in "Black Narcissus" She played Annette in "The Reluctant Widow" (1950).

Byron was born in London. She died there at age 88.

Slava Voynov

Vyacheslav Leonidovich Voynov (; born January 15, 1990) is a Russian ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL). He is currently suspended indefinitely from the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Voynov played two campaigns with Traktor Chelyabinsk of the Russian Superleague (RSL). Voynov was drafted with the 32nd overall by the Los Angeles Kings in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.

The Kings sent Voynov to play for their AHL-affiliate team, the Manchester Monarchs. He played four seasons with them and was named to represent the Eastern Conference at the 2011 AHL All-Star Game.

On October 18, 2011, Voynov made his NHL debut with the Kings in a 5–0 win against the St. Louis Blues. On October 27, 2011, He scored his first NHL goal against Kari Lehtonen of the Dallas Stars in a 5–3 win. He also scored another goal in that game. On June 11, 2012, Voynov was able to win the Stanley Cup with the Kings. During the 2012–2013 playoffs, he set a Kings record for number of goals scored by a defender during playoffs. He scored a fifth playoff goal during the third game of the semifinals.

On June 18, 2013, he signed a six year, $25 million contract extension, worth 4.16 million a year with the Kings.

On October 20, 2014, Voynov was suspended indefinitely awaiting an investigation by the NHL after he was arrested on domestic violence charges. On November 20, 2014, the Los Angeles County prosecutor announced that he would be charged with "one felony count of corporal injury to a spouse with great bodily injury."


St Nicolas Church, Nuneaton

St. Nicolas Church is a church in Nuneaton, operated by the Church of England. The building dates back to the first half of the 14th century. It was badly damaged during the Second World War. After the war, it was rebuilt by prisoners of war. Today, it is a Grade I listed building.

Domart-sur-la-Luce

Domart-sur-la-Luce is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 427 people lived there. The village was destroyed during World War I.

Dargnies

Dargnies is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 1,324 people lived there. Dargnies is from Amiens.

Cottenchy

Cottenchy is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 509 people lived there.

Champien

Champien is a commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 290 people lived there.

Cachy

Cachy is a commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 260 people lived there.

Béalcourt

Béalcourt is a commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 102 people lived there.

Béthencourt

Béthencourt () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 751 people lived there.


Fourcigny

Fourcigny is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 183 people lived there. It is found 26 miles southwest of Amiens.

Driencourt

Driencourt is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 94 people lived there.

The village was destroyed during World War I.

Dromesnil

Dromesnil is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. It is from Amiens and from Paris. In 2011, 102 people lived there.

Englebelmer

Englebelmer is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 278 people lived there.

Toronto Pearson International Airport

Lester B. Pearson International Airport , called the Toronto Pearson International Airport (or simply Pearson Airport or Toronto Pearson) is an international airport in the Greater Toronto Area. The airport is northwest of downtown Toronto, in Mississauga. The airport is named after Lester B. Pearson, Nobel Peace Prize winner and 14th Prime Minister of Canada.

The airport's IATA code, YYZ, may seem unusual at first. However, the code gets its last two letters, YZ, from the old railway station code for Malton, west of the airport. Most Canadian airports start with Y, which gives the code YYZ. YYZ is also the name of a song by the Canadian rock band named Rush.

Marian and Vivian Brown

Marian (January 25, 1927 – November 20, 2014) and Vivian Brown (January 25, 1927 – January 9, 2013) were American identical twins and celebrity icons of San Francisco. They were known as the "San Francisco Twins". They were voted second as San Francisco's "Best Local Character" in 2000. They lived or mostly appeared at Nob Hill. They were born in Kalamazoo, Michigan.

Vivian died on January 9, 2013 in San Francisco, California from Alzheimer's disease, aged 85. Marian Brown died on November 20, 2014 from natural causes in San Mateo, California, aged 87.

Fiorenzo Angelini

Fiorenzo Angelini (1 August 1916 – 22 November 2014) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the former President of the Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Health Care Workers in the Roman Curia. He was born in Rome, Italy.

He was elevated to the cardinalate in 1991. When Cardinal Ersilio Tonini died on 28 July 2013, Cardinal Angelini became the oldest living cardinal until Pope Francis appointed 98-year old Archbishop Loris Francesco Capovilla as a cardinal.

Angelini died in Rome, Italy from natural causes, aged 98.

John Bucyk

John Paul "Chief" Bucyk (born May 12, 1935) is a Canadian retired ice hockey left winger. He played most of his career with the Boston Bruins.

Bucyk was born on May 12, 1935 in Edmonton to Ukrainian immigrants.

Bucyk was a skilled left winger who was one of the biggest players of his day. He had a long and great career, and had scored the fourth most points and played the third most games ever when he retired in 1978. He was also the highest scoring left winger ever. He was a very clean player and won the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy for sportsmanship in 1971 and 1974.

Bucyk played junior hockey for four seasons for his hometown team. Then he signed up with the Detroit Red Wings in 1955. Two years later he was traded to the Bruins. Bucyk became the top left wing in Boston and was a star for the team for 22 years. He often served as the team's captain.

When he retired, the Bruins also retired his number #9 jersey. He was also elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1981. He scored 545 goals as a Bruin, the most in team history. Only Ray Bourque had more points and assists for the Bruins.

Bucyk still works the Bruins and is the team's director of road services. 


Loris Francesco Capovilla

Loris Francesco Capovilla (14 October 1915 – 26 May 2016) was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate. At the age of 100, he was one of the oldest Roman Catholic bishops. Since his elevation in February 2014 until his death in May 2016, he was the oldest member of the College of Cardinals.

Capovilla was born in Pontelongo, Veneto, Kingdom of Italy. He died on 26 May 2016 in Milan at the age of 100.

John H. Land

John H. Land (November 5, 1920 – November 21, 2014) was an American politician. He was the longest serving mayor in the history of Florida and one of the longest serving mayors in the United States. After having serving as mayor since 1970, Land lost his mayoral seat to Joe Kilsheimer on April 8, 2014. Land was born in Plant City, Florida.

Land died in a hospital in Orlando, Florida from a massive stroke, aged 94.

Ahmad Lozi

Ahmad Lozi (also spelled Ahmad al-Lawzi) (1925–18 November 2014) was a Jordanian politician. He served as Prime Minister of Jordan from 29 November 1971 to 26 May 1973.

Reg Withers

Reginald Greive "Reg" Withers (26 October 1924 – 15 November 2014) was an Australian politician. He was the long-serving member of the Australian Senate. Withers served as Lord Mayor of Perth from 1991 through 1994. He was also known for being a harsh critic of Australian prime minister Gough Whitlam.

Withers died in Perth, Western Australia, aged 90.

Lonely Hearts (1991)

Lonely Hearts is a 1991 American drama, romance, mystery & suspense television movie. It was directed by Andrew Lane. It is considered a modern film noir. Lonely Hearts is about a lonely woman who becomes obsessed with a con man. She even poses as his sister to help him trick other women.



Marion Barry

Marion Shepilov Barry, Jr. (March 6, 1936 – November 23, 2014) was an American politician.

Barry was born in Itta Bena, Mississippi. He moved to Memphis, Tennessee at age five.

He served as the second elected Mayor of the District of Columbia from 1979 to 1991, and again as the fourth Mayor from 1995 to 1999 for the Democratic Party.

He has been a member of the Council of the District of Columbia, representing District of Columbia's Ward 8 from 2005 until his death in 2014.

Barry served a prison sentence for possession of crack cocaine and probation for not paying tax.

Barry had diabetes and prostate cancer. He had a kidney transplant in 2009. He died at a hospital in Washington, D.C., on November 23, 2014 from cardiac arrest, aged 78.


Vira Silenti

Vira Silenti (Elvira Giovene; 16 April 1931 - 1 November 2014) was an Italian actress. She was known for her roles in "I Vitelloni", "The Story of Joseph and his Brethren", and in "Atlas Against the Cyclops". Silenti was born in Naples, Italy.

Silenti was hit by a car on 31 October 2014 in Rome, Italy. She died the next day from her injuries at the age of 83.

Daron Malakian

Daron Malakian (born July 18, 1975) is an Armenian-American musician. He is best known for being the lead guitarist of System of a Down. He was also the lead singer and guitarist for Scars on Broadway. He is the only member of System of a Down who was born in the United States. He placed 30th in Guitar World's "100 Greatest Heavy Metal Guitarists Of All Time".

Malakian was born in 1975. He was the only child of Vartan Malakian and Zepur Malakian. He first started playing guitar when he was 11. He says his main inspirations were The Beatles, Metallica, Slayer, The Who and Iggy Pop. Daron met Serj Tankian in 1993. System of a Down was formed in 1994. Shortly after Scars on Broadway's first album was released, Daron cancelled all of the band's tours and TV appearances, saying that his "heart wasn't up to touring". Before the band announced the actual reason, there were many rumours about Daron's health, but these were not true.



Volda

Volda is a municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.

It has a population of 10 349 people in 2020. Volda has a hospital, a secondary school and a university college called Volda University College.


Ernest Claes

Ernest Claes (24 October 1885 in Zichem - 2 September 1968 in Elsene) was a Flemish author.

His real name was Andreas Ernestus Josephus Claes. He was born to Petrus Josephus Claes and Maria Theresia Lemmens. His parents were farmers and they had nine children. He was a good student and studied at the Catholic University of Leuven.
For some of his works he used the pseudonym, G. van Hasselt.
Claes was for years a favorite author in Belgium. His novel "De Witte" was reprinted more than 100 times.



Sergey Nechayev

Sergey Nechayev (2 October 1847 – 21 November or 3 December 1882) was a Russian revolutionary terrorist.

He was a leader in the Nihilist movement and known for his single-minded pursuit of revolution by any means necessary, including murder.

Nechayev was the author or main author of a famous revolutionary pamphlet, called the "Catechism of a Revolutionary". The pamphlet bears the name of Mikhail Bakunin, a well-known anarchist, but it is thought all or most of it is by Nechayev. The work called for total devotion to a revolutionary lifestyle. "The Catechism of a Revolutionary" argued that any means (including blackmail and murder) could be used to advance the cause of revolution.

It was published in the "Government Herald" in July 1871 as the manifesto of a secret society.

"Catechism of a Revolutionary" was a program for the "merciless destruction" of society and the state. The main principle was "the ends justify the means". This became Nechayev's slogan throughout his revolutionary career. 
Nechayev and Bakunin knew each other, and Bakunin called him "my boy". All the same, Nechayev was dangerous, and Bakunin was somewhat afraid of him.

Nechayev's ideas were the basis for Dostoyevsky's "The Demons" (aka "The Possessed"). Dostoyevsky had himself been a young nihilist, and spent ten years in a Siberian labour camp as a result. He came back a determined enemy of everything Nechayev believed. "The Demons" is a "dark comedy, cruelly funny in its depiction of high-minded intellectuals toying with revolutionary notions without understanding anything of what revolution means in practice".

Nechayev planned to kill a student, Ivanov, who questioned his ideas. On 21 November 1869, Nechayev and several comrades beat, strangled and shot Ivanov, hiding the body in a lake through a hole in the ice. The student's body was found and Nechayev fled the country before he could be arrested.

In August 1872, Nechayev was arrested in Zurich and handed over to the Russian police. He was found guilty on 8 January 1873, and sentenced to 20 years of hard labor for killing Ivanov.
He died in his prison cell in 1882.

It has been said of Nechayev: "His personality and ideas portray, as if in a crooked mirror, the lust for revolution reaching even beyond political fanaticism into insanity. With Nechayev we are already beyond Lenin, [and] so criminal as to forecast the darkest incidents of Stalin".

Biographers of Lenin have said that Lenin put into practice what Nechayev had taught. There is clear evidence in Lenin's own writing that this is so.

Gijón

Gijón (Asturian: "Xixón") is a city in the autonomous community of Asturias in Spain. It is located on the Bay of Biscay, about north of Oviedo. Gijón has a population of 275,274 inhabitants, more than any other city in Asturias.

For most of its history Gijón was just a small town and seaport. After the conquest of the Asturias in the 3rd century BC by the Romans they called the site "Gigia". in 714 a garrison was established by the Moors. From here they attacked the Asturias but failed in the attempt. After the Moors left, Gijón was ruled by Asturian kings. In the 10th century the Asturias became part of the Kingdom of León. In the 16th century the harbor was improved under Philip II of Spain. Some of the ships of the Spanish Armada took shelter at Gijón's port in a violent storm. They were on their way to attack Britain in 1588. After the epic battle, a few of the remaining ships limped back to Gijón. During the last half of the 19th century a railroad was built to Gijón to ship Asturian coal to other parts of Spain. This was the start of Gijón becoming a large industrial center. During the Spanish Civil War part of Gijón was destroyed.

Gijón is famous for its beaches. Every November the Gijón International Film Festival is held. The main stage is the Jovellanos Theatre, although other cinemas and cultural centres are also used.


Johan Daisne

Johan Daisne (2 September 1912, Ghent – 9 August 1978, Ghent), was a of Flemish author. His real name was Herman Thiery. His father, Leo Thiery, was the founder of the School Museum in Ghent.
He studied Economics and Slavic languages at the Ghent University. Later he became chief librarian of Ghent.
Daisne was one of the first magical realist writers in the Dutch language.





His works are published in Dutch, English, French, Polish, Russian, Swedish, Portuguese, Italian and German.



Isidoor Teirlinck

Isidoor Teirlinck (Zegelsem, 2 January 1851 – Forest, Brussels, 27 June 1934) was a Belgian writer. He was the father of the writer Herman Teirlinck.

He was famous for his books on legends and folklore, especially folklore of plants. His books "Flora Diabolica" and "Flora Magic"a are still classic books in their field. He worked for years as a school teacher. He taught mathematics and physics at normal schools in Brussels.


With his brother in law, Rijmons Stijns, he wrote a famous novel Arm Vlaanderen. (1884)

Rolling Stones Records

Rolling Stones Records was a British record label. It formed by formed by the Rolling Stones members: Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Mick Taylor, Charlie Watts and Bill Wyman in 1970. Atlantic Records was the distributor for Rolling Stones Records. It closed in 1992 when the band signed with Virgin Records.



Herman Teirlinck

Herman Louis Cesar Teirlinck (24 February 1879, Sint-Jans-Molenbeek – 4 February 1967, Beersel) was a Belgian writer of novels, plays, and poetry.

He was the son of the writer Isidoor Teirlinck and Oda van Nieuwenhove. He started studies at the universities of Brussels and Ghent, but left the universities very soon. From 1902 to 1906 he worked for the Brussels city government. As a journalist, he worked for newspapers and magazines. Teirlinck also wrote for the journal "Van Nu en Straks". He was some time teacher in high school. He was also appointed as teacher of Dutch language at the Royal Court of Belgium. Later he became private councillor for several kings of Belgium. In 1946 he founded a national drama school, the Studio of the National Theatre. In 1966 it was renamed the ""Hoger Instituut voor Dramatische Kunst"" (Higher Institute of Dramatic Art). In 1967 it was renamed again as "The Studio Herman Teirlinck".

He is still famous for his classic work on Flemish plays.


Alice Nahon

Alice Nahon (16 August 1896, Antwerp – 21 May 1933, Antwerp) was a Belgian poet.

Her father was born in the Netherlands in a French family. Her mother came from Putte nearby Mechelen.

As a young woman she suffered from chronic bronchitis, but this was wrongly diagnosed as tuberculosis. This is the reason she spent many years in hospitals.

She studied and graduated in agriculture. Alice also began studying to be a nurse. At the same time she studied literature. She was also librarian in Mechelen. At the end of her life she lived in the medieval castle Cantecroy in Mortsel, a suburb of Antwerp.

She is especially remembered for her poem "Avondliedeke" (English: Little Evening Song). This poem is a classic on ethical and mystic evening meditation.


Pol de Mont

Charles Polydore de Mont or Pol de Mont (15 April 1857, Wambeek – 29 June 1931, Berlin) was a Belgian writer, journalist and poet.

He studied law at the Catholic University of Leuven. There he met Albrecht Rodenbach and the two became involved in the Flemish Movement. He then became a teacher at the Atheneum of Antwerp, where he inspired many students. Later he became director of the Museum of Fine Arts of Antwerp. 

As chief editor of the newspaper "De Schelde" he had in his team the writers Paul Van Ostaijen and Alice Nahon.


Lunar meteorite

A lunar meteorite is a meteorite that is known to have come from the Moon. A meteorite hitting the Moon is normally classified as a transient lunar phenomenon.

Arthur (1981 movie)

Arthur is a 1981 comedy movie written and directed by Steve Gordon. The movie stars Dudley Moore as Arthur Bach, a drunken New York City millionaire. Arthur is about to be married to a wealthy heiress. Instead he falls for a working class girl from Queens. It was the only movie directed by Gordon, who died in November 1982 of a heart attack. Arthur earned nearly $96 million in the US, making it the fourth highest grossing movie of 1981. The film was nominated for a total of four Academy Awards. Sir John Gielgud won an Best Supporting Actor. The theme song won Best Original Song.

It was followed by a sequel, and a remake, Arthur.

Emotional Rescue

Emotional Rescue is the tenth Worldwide studio album and seventeenth American studio album by The Rolling Stones. The album was released on June 24, 1980. It was the group's seventh studio album with label Rolling Stones Records.

Cool C

Christopher Douglas Roney (born December 15, 1969), known by the stage name Cool C, is an American rapper. He is known today for killing a Philadelphia police officer in a bank robbery in January 1996.

He is currently at the Pennsylvania state prison awaiting execution. He was to have been put to death by lethal injection on March 9, 2006, but his execution was postponed. It was scheduled for January 8, 2015 before being postponed in December 2014 by a court order.

Sisavath Keobounphanh

Sisavath Keobounphanh (; 1 May 1928 – 12 May 2020) was a Laotian politician. He served as Vice President of Laos from 1996 to 1998. He was also the third Prime Minister from 1998 to 2001. He is President of the Lao Front for National Construction from 2001 until 2011, when he was succeeded by Phandoungchit Vongsa. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party.

Keobounphanh died on 12 May 2020 in Vientiane, Laos at the age of 92.


Li Zicheng

Li Zicheng (22 September 1606 – 1645), born Li Hongji, nicknamed "Dashing King"or "Chuang King", Li was a Chinese Uprising leader. He was born in Mizhi County, Yulin, Shaanxi in the late Ming Dynasty.

In 1644, he entered and conquered Beijing.He enthroned in Beijing and became the Emperor of the Shun Dynasty.His dynasty didn't last a long time. In May 27 the same year, Manchu regent Dorgon defeated Uprising leader Li Zicheng of the Shun Dynasty at the Battle of Shanhai Pass, allowing the Manchus to enter and conquer Beijing. Li died in 1645, aged 39.
Peter McDougall

Peter McDougall (born 1947, Greenock, Scotland) is a BAFTA and Prix Italia award-winning television playwright. His major success was in the 1970s.

McDougall claims to have had very little schooling. He also claims he rarely read books. He began his working life at the age of fourteen in the shipyards of Greater Glasgow and Greenock. McDougall worked there with future comedian and actor Billy Connolly. The pair were depressed by the harsh conditions. They felt low because of the menial work. McDougall left Scotland. He moved to London. He worked as a house painter there.

In October 2007, a DVD boxed set featuring most of McDougall's work, "The Peter McDougall Collection" was released by John Williams Productions. This collection featured three Play for Today titles: Just Another Saturday, The Elephant's Graveyard, Just A Boy's Game, and a Screen One drama: "Down Among the Big Boys". It also featured on the DVD an exclusive documentary "Razor Sharp". ""Razor Sharp" was written and presented by Scottish writer Simon Farquhar. It explored the work and life of Peter McDougall. The DVD featured a rare interview with Peter McDougall.

McDougall was finally awarded with a BAFTA in 2008. He received a lifetime achievement award - for "Outstanding contribution to Scottish broadcasting". A retrospective multiple screening of John Mackenzie and McDougall's collaborations was also shown at the Edinburgh International Festival in 2009.

McDougall was also one of a number of prominent Scots who attended the 2010 funeral of Trade Union Leader Jimmy Reid. Scottish filmmaker Eleanor Yule has also made a documentary for the BBC "Late Show" on the work of McDougall.

McDougall lives in the West End of Glasgow. He resides with his parter, acclaimed director and writer Morag Fullarton. McDougall can often be seen hanging around the famous Oran Mor theatre pub in the West of Glasgow.

Hubert Lampo

Hubert Leon Lampo (1 September 1920, Antwerp – 12 July 2006, Essen) was a Flemish writer. His father worked at the post office and his mother was a teacher. In 1938 he became himself a teacher. Later he became national inspector of the Flemish libraries. He is the father of Jan Lampo.
After Johan Daisne, he is one of the founders of the magic realist literary movement in Flanders.

His books are published in English, French, German, Czech, Polish, Swedish, Romanian, Spanish and Portuguese.



Rock Bottom: In Your House

Rock Bottom: In Your House was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on December 13, 1998 at General Motors Place in Vancouver, British Columbia. It was the twenty-sixth In Your House event held by the World Wrestling Federation. The main event saw Stone Cold Steve Austin defeat The Undertaker in a Buried Alive match for a spot in the 1999 Royal Rumble.

Jonás Gutiérrez

Jonás Manuel Gutiérrez (born 5 July 1983) is an Argentine retired football player. He played for Newcastle United and Argentina national team as midfielder.

Vélez Sársfield

Newcastle United

Argentina U-20

Sticky Fingers

Sticky Fingers is the fourth worldwide and eleventh American studio album by The Rolling Stones. The album was released on April 27, 1971. It was the group's first studio album with label Rolling Stones Records.

Ahmed Fagih

Ahmed Ibrahim al-Fagih ( "’áħmad 'Ibrāhīm al-faqīh") (born December 28, 1942) is a Libyan novelist, playwright, essayist, journalist and diplomat. He began writing short stories at an early age. He published them in Libyan newspapers and magazines. Hl-Fagih gained recognition in 1965 when his first collection of short stories "There Is No Water in the Sea" () won him the highest award sponsored by the Royal Commission of Fine Arts in Libya. Fagih wrote more many books in of different genres. They included short stories, novels, plays, and essays. Some of them are the "Gazelles (play)" "Evening Visitor (play)", "Gardens of the Night Trilogy (novels), The Valley of Ashes (novel)", and his twelve volume epic novel "Maps of the Soul".

Ahmed Fagih held several diplomatic posts representing Libya, in London, Athens, Bucharest and Cairo. Fagih lives and works between Cairo and Tripoli.

Ahmed Fagih was born in 1942 in Mizda, Libya. It was a small oasis town south of Tripoli. He entered school there. Fagih studied until his teenage years. Then he migrated to Tripoli in 1957. He pursued higher studies. He began his writing career there. Fagih travelled in 1962 to Egypt to study journalism. He had help of a UNESCO sponsorship program. He returned later to Tripoli to work as a journalist. In 1965 he published his first collection of short stories titled "There Is No Water in the Sea ("Arabic:" "البحر لا ماء فيه") "which won him the highest award sponsored by the Royal Commission of Fine Arts in Libya. In the late 1960s he travelled to London. He studied drama and theatre until 1972. After returning from Britain he was appointed the director of the National Institute of Music and Drama. In 1972 Fagih became the editor of the influential cultural and literary newspaper "The Cultural Weekly ("Arabic: الاسبوع الثقافي "al-Usbūʻ al-thaqāfi")" ". It featured many new Libyan writers. During this period he founded "The New Theatre "play and drama group.

Fagih became the head of the Department of Arts and Literature at the Libyan Ministry of Information and Culture in 1978. He was one of the founders of the Union of Libyan Writers. He was elected as its first Secretary General. He later travelled back to London to take a diplomatic position as the press counsellor at the Libyan Embassy in the United Kingdom. He established the Arab Cultural Trust. It launched a cultural quarterly magazine named "Azure "becoming its editor-in-chief.

In 1983 he was awarded a Doctorate of Philosophy PhD from the Faculty of Arts of The University of Edinburgh submitting a thesis on 'The Libyan short story' He published his three part novel "Garden of The Night "in 1991. It won the best creative work of the Beirut Book Fair. In 2000, he edited an English anthology of 13 short stories by Libyan writers.





Crate

A crate is a type of container often used in shipping. It can be made of wood, but crates made to carry bottles are often plastic. Steel and aluminium crates are also used.

The word crate comes from the word: .
The earliest packaging materials were made of wood and wood fiber. The first crates used to transport anything were hampers or baskets. They were made of twigs, strips of wood, roots, and reeds. Whatever was available that could be woven into a container. Baskets were used to hold and transport food and goods. Later glass and ceramic jugs were protected by baskets.

The first documented reference to a shipping crate in the United States is in a 1930 handbook, "Technical Bulletin No. 171" written by C. A. Plaskett for the US Department of Agriculture. His writing implies that crates were defined before that time. C. A. Plaskett was known for his extensive testing and defining of various components of transport packaging.

While both can be used for shipping, a crate is different from a box. A crate has a frame while a box generally does not. Crates are rigid containers built for the purpose of protecting the contents. Crates can be made of wood, plastic, metal or other materials. Crates usually need to be designed to exactly fit what it is they are protecting. Reusing a crate that does not fit the contents can waste space and harm the contents. 


Jason Ritter

Jason Morgan Ritter (born February 17, 1980) is an American actor. He received an Emmy Award nomination for his role in "Parenthood".

Ritter's mother is Nancy Morgan. His father was John Ritter. Ritter first appeared in the opening credits of his father's show, "Three's Company".


 

Survivor Series (2014)

Survivor Series (2014) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on November 23, 2014 at Scottrade Center in St. Louis, Missouri. It was the twenty-eighth Survivor Series event held by the WWE. The PPV was offered for free to new subscribers of the WWE Network.

The main event saw Team Cena (John Cena, Dolph Ziggler, Big Show, Erick Rowan and Ryback) defeat Team Authority (Seth Rollins, Kane, Mark Henry, Rusev and Luke Harper) in a traditional 5-on-5 Survivor Series elimination tag team match. A stipulation was added to the match that if Team Authority lost, they would be removed from power. If Team Cena lost, every member of Team Cena except for Cena would have been fired.

The PPV was also notable for the first appearance of former WCW and TNA wrestler Sting on WWE, who was a long hold out on signing with the company.


Flatbread

A flatbread is a bread made with flour, water, and salt. The flatbread is then rolled into a flattened dough. Many flatbreads are made without yeast: they are unleavened bread. Some have a very little yeast, such as pita and naan. It is also a type that pizza crusts use.

There are many other ingredients that flatbreads may have. Curry powder, diced jalapeños, chili powder, black pepper, olive oil, sesame oil, etc. may be added. Flatbreads can range from one millimeter to a few centimeters thick.

<br>

Santa Claus lore

Santa Claus has many homes in the world. His main family house is near the beautiful and magnificent Northern Lights region (Aurea Borealis countries) in the polar north of the world. "As time went by, more and more was added to the Santa Claus legend. Thomas Nast, a 19th century cartoonist, did a series of drawings for "Harper's Weekly". Nash's vision of Santa had him living at the North Pole."

More people in many far away countries have to receive new gifts and rewards for their goodness. They get gifts for their compassionate polite manners, gentleness, and good deeds towards their family, their parents, and their brothers and sisters.

"After the Reformation, the feast and veneration of St. Nicholas were abolished in many countries, and the new figure of the Christmas Man substituted, so that soon the people in those countries forgot St. Nicholas who had once been so dear to them."

"Any kid can tell you where Santa Claus is from—the North Pole. But his historical journey is even longer and more fantastic than his annual, one-night circumnavigation of the globe."
Santa's new additional homes in many more countries make it easier and faster for the postal services to bring all the letters from every good person who writes to Santa Claus.




Marcel Breuer

Marcel Lajos Breuer (pronounced broy-ər ; 22 May 1902 – 1 July 1981) was a Hungarian-American modernist, architect and furniture designer of Jewish descent. 

He was born in Pécs on May 21, 1902. 
One of the masters of modernism, Breuer used the ideas he had developed in the carpentry shop at the Bauhaus. His personal architecture made him one of the world’s most popular architects. He died in New York City.

His philosophy follows the concepts of form over function. 

Good Riddance (Time of Your Life)

"Good Riddance (Time of Your Life)" is the second single off American punk rock band Green Day's fifth studio album "Nimrod". The song was released on October 17, 1997. The song was first written by lead singer Billie Joe Armstrong before the release of the band's third album "Dookie" in 1994 but the song was not released until Green Day's fifth album, "Nimrod" in 1997.

In 1998, the band were able to win their first MTV Video Music Award for Best Alternative Video. The song was also nominated in the category of Viewer's Choice.

The song has become popular at prom dances, to the band's surprise.


Miguel Gila

Miguel Gila Cuesta (12 March 1919 in Madrid - 13 July 2001 in Barcelona, Catalonia) was a Spanish comedian, cartoonist, writer, and actor.

When Gila was 13 years old he left school because his father died. His first job was in a garage in Madrid. Several years later he went back to school to finish his studies. He got a degree in aircraft mechanics. He worked in the Elizalde of Barcelona Workshops. Later he was milling in Construcciones SA Aircraft (CASA) in Getafe. 

Gila was a member of Unified Socialist Youth (JSU). When the Spanish Civil War began, he joined the republican troops. He came close to being shot by the rebel volunteers. He was able to survive. According his own words: "the fascist troops take me among others to be executed (""Paseo"": "Walking" in English), but they were too drunk for shoot us, so they failed". Therefore he left JSU.

Gila made his debut as vignettist in 1945. He become famous as a monologuist in 1951. Most of his repertory was about war histories. Gila's most known catchphrase was: ""Está el enemigo?, que se ponga [al teléfono]"" (Are the enemy there?, take him at phone).
"According to his own autobiography, success came in 1951 when he starred in Madrid as spontaneous theater Fontalba, where he told an impromptu monologue about his experience as a volunteer in a war. From there his career took off."

Gila worked on the scripts of "Cinderfella" and "The man traveling slowly". He took part in the animated film, "Tales of love and slaughter" in 1975. It was directed by Já (Jordi Amoros). Gila wrote the screenplay with with Chumy Chúmez, Ivà and Jaume Perich. They all worked on the drawings, or animations for the movie.


Gila died in Barcelona from respiratory failure. He had a chronic lung illness.


Ivar Aasen

Ivar Andreas Aasen (5 August 1813 – 23 September 1896) was a Norwegian philologist and lexicographer. He is best known for creating a new variant of the Norwegian language based on the way people in Norway spoke. His aim was to replace Danish as the official written language in Norway. He wanted a new written language that sounded more like the spoken Norwegian of ordinary people. Danish had become the official written language during Norway's union with Denmark (1400s-1814). It was only mastered by a few middle and upper class Norwegians.

New World oriole

New World orioles are a group of birds in the genus Icterus. They are in the blackbird family, and not related to Old World orioles of the family Oriolidae. Icterid species are strikingly similar in size, diet, behaviour, and strongly contrasting plumage to Old World orioles. This is a good example of convergent evolution. 

Males are typically black and vibrant yellow or orange with white markings, females and immature birds duller. They moult annually. New World orioles are generally slender with long tails and a pointed bill. They mainly eat insects, but also enjoy nectar and fruit. The nest is a woven, elongated pouch. Species nesting in areas with cold winters are strongly migratory, while subtropical and tropical species are more sedentary (do not migrate.

The name "oriole" was first recorded (in the Latin form "oriolus") by Albertus Magnus in about 1250, which he stated to be onomatopoeic, from the song of the European golden oriole. 

The genus name "Icterus" as used by classical authors, referred to a bird with yellow or green plumage. In modern times this has been identified as the golden oriole. Brisson mistakenly re-applied the name to the New World birds because of their similarity in appearance.

Volcanoes in Iceland

Many volcanoes in Iceland are active volcanoes. This is due to its location on the mid-Atlantic Ridge which is a tectonic plate boundary. Iceland has 30 active volcanic systems. Of these, 13 have erupted since the settlement of Iceland in 874 AD. The eruption under Eyjafjallajökull ("glacier of Eyjafjöll") in 2010 was notable because the volcanic ash plume disrupted air travel in northern Europe for several weeks.


Eurasian golden oriole

The Eurasian golden oriole ("Oriolus oriolus") or simply golden oriole, is the only oriole breeding in northern hemisphere temperate regions.

It is one of the oriole family of passerine birds. It is a summer migrant in Europe and western Asia and spends the winter season in central and southern Africa.

Golden orioles have an extremely large range with large populations that are apparently stable.

Until a few years ago this species was treated as being conspecific with the Indian golden oriole. They are now in separate species.

Iceland hotspot

The Iceland hotspot is a geologic hotspot. It is partly responsible for the high volcanic activity which has formed the island of Iceland.

Iceland is one of the most active volcanic regions in the world. On Iceland, there are volcanic eruptions about every three years. In the 20th century there were 39 volcanic eruptions on and around Iceland. About a third of the basaltic lavas erupted in recorded history were produced by Icelandic eruptions. 

Notable eruptions have included that of Eldgjá, a fissure of Katla, in 934 (the world's largest basaltic eruption ever witnessed), and Laki in 1783 (the world's second largest). In many places, Iceland is covered by glaciers. Several eruptions under ice caps have burst through the ice. The most recent one was in 2010 after the eruption of Eyjafjallajökull.

Iceland's position over the Mid-Atlantic Ridge is partly responsible for this intense volcanic activity. It is not understood why Iceland is an island, but the rest of the ridge consists of seamounts, with peaks below sea level.

There is discussion whether the hotspot is caused by a deep mantle plume or at a shallower depth.

Some geologists have asked whether the Iceland hotspot has the same cause as other hotspots such as the Hawaii hotspot. They show a clear volcanic track over time caused by the movement of the Pacific Plate over the Hawaiian hotspot, but no such track can be seen at Iceland.

The line from the Grímsvötn volcano to Surtsey may show the movement of the Eurasian Plate and the line from the Grímsvötn volcano to the Snæfellsnes volcanic belt shows the movement of the North American Plate.

Lowdham

Lowdham is a village in Nottinghamshire. It has a play park, 4 pubs, and a cricket field.

This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About

This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About is the first full-length album by indie rock band Modest Mouse. The album was released on Up Records on April 16, 1996. It was released in both compact disc and vinyl formats. The vinyl release contains two extra tracks, "Edit the Sad Parts" and "A Manic Depressive Named Laughing Boy". "Edit the Sad Parts" was later included on "Interstate 8" and the Up Records compilation, "US". "A Manic Depressive Named Laughing Boy" is available only on the vinyl editions released by Up in 1996 and Glacial Pace in 2014. Many of the tracks are about traveling by automobile, and the loneliness and isolation associated with rural life. "Sad Sappy Sucker" was supposed to be released before "This Is A Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About"; however, it was delayed and shelved.




Pat Quinn (ice hockey)

John Brian Patrick Quinn (January 29, 1943 – November 23, 2014) was a Canadian ice hockey player, head coach, and executive. He was known by the nickname "The Big Irishman". He coached for the National Hockey League's Philadelphia Flyers, Los Angeles Kings, Vancouver Canucks, Toronto Maple Leafs, and Edmonton Oilers.

Quinn reached in the Stanley Cup Finals twice, with the Flyers in 1980 and the Canucks in 1994. Internationally, Quinn coached Team Canada to gold medals at the 2002 Winter Olympics, 2008 IIHF World U18 Championships and 2009 World Junior Championship, as well as World Cup championship in 2004.

His cousin was wrestler John Quinn.

Quinn died at the Vancouver General Hospital in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada on November 23, 2014 after a long illness, aged 71.


Denham Harman

Denham Harman (February 14, 1916 – November 25, 2014) was an American biogerontologist. He was the professor emeritus at the University of Nebraska Medical Center. Harman was widely known as the "father of the free radical theory of aging".

Harman died in Omaha, Nebraska on November 25, 2014 from a short-illness, aged 98.

Viktor Tikhonov

Viktor Vasilyevich Tikhonov (Russian: Виктор Васильевич Тихонов; June 4, 1930 – November 24, 2014) was a Soviet ice hockey player and coach. Tikhonov was a defenceman with VVS Moscow and HC Dynamo Moscow from 1949 to 1963, winning four national championships. 

He was born in Moscow. He was the coach of the Soviet team, winning eight World Championship gold medals, as well as Olympic gold in 1984, 1988, and 1992. 

Tikhonov also led CSKA Moscow to twelve consecutive league championships. He also coached the Soviet team that lost to the United States, 4-3, in the 1980 Olympic medal round game known as the Miracle on Ice. He was named to the IIHF Hall of Fame as a builder in 1998.

Tikhonov was hospitalized in late October 2014 and died after a long illness in Moscow on November 24, 2014, at the age of 84.

Jorge Herrera Delgado

Jorge Herrera Delgado (16 August 1961 – 24 November 2014) was a Mexican politician. He was Mayor of Durango from 2004-2007, and twice deputy in the Durango State Congress. He served as head of the Durango Department of Education from 15 September 2010 to 7 February 2012.

Delgado died on 24 November 2014 from pancreatic cancer in Durango at the age of 53.

Bill Wyman

William George Wyman (né Perks; born 24 October 1936) is an English musician who achieved international fame as the bassist for the Rolling Stones from 1962 until 1993. Born William Perks, he legally changed his surname to Wyman in August of 1964, the phonetic surname of a friend, Lee Whyman, with whom he had done national service in the Royal Air Force from 1955 to 1957. 
Wyman joined the Rolling Stones in 1962 and played on all their hit records in the 1960s and 70s, such as, (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction, Ruby Tuesday, Jumping Jack Flash, and Brown Sugar. He left in 1993 and briefly returned for a 50 year anniversary tour in 2012.

In 1989, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of The Rolling Stones. Since 1997, he has recorded and toured with his own band, Bill Wyman's Rhythm Kings. He has worked producing records and films, and has scored music for films and television.

Wyman has kept a journal since he was a child during World War II, and has published seven books. He is also a photographer, and his works have been displayed in galleries around the world.

Wyman is thrice married. In 1989, he controversially married then-18-year old Mandy Smith, when Bill was 53 years old.

With The Rolling Stones





Main article: Bill Wyman's Rhythm Kings




Bill Wyman has authored or co-authored the following titles:



The last three books and "Bill Wyman's Treasure Islands" were all written in collaboration with Richard Havers.

A Journey through America with the Rolling Stones. Robert Greenfield. Helter Skelter Publication. 


Darryl Jones

Darryl Jones (born December 11, 1961), also known as "The Munch", is an American bass player.

Jones currently plays for The Rolling Stones. He has also played in bands with Miles Davis and Sting.



Ancient Egyptian agriculture

Ancient Egyptian agriculture was probably the first to be practiced on a large scale. They grew staple food crops. These included grains such as emmer (a variety of wheat) and barley. The earliest evidence of irrigation in the Nile area is about 3100 BC.

They also grew flax for clothing and oil. Orchards
and vegetable gardens were also common. Unlike other crops these were grown away from the areas flooded by the Nile river each year. Agriculture was the basis of the ancient Egyptian economy. It gave work and food for its people. It was a source of wealth for Egypt's elite. Egypt was the breadbasket (main provider of food) for much of the ancient world.

The geography of ancient Egypt was unlike that in other parts of the Mediterranean region, which had rainy winters and hot dry summers. In Egypt most of farming was done near in the Nile river valley and the Nile Delta. Egypt had little rainfall and the land had to be irrigated. This was from the Nile either when flooded or normally.

The Nile began to rise in the summer and go down again in late fall. The growing season was during the winter months. It was called "Sha-et" (the growing season). The second season was called "P' ru-et" (the dry season). This is the hot dry season when the grain was harvested and stored. The third season, "She" (sea) was the months during which the Nile flooded. Each season was about four months long. The fertile Nile valley is about 760 miles long and about 14 miles wide. The rest of Egypt is desert.

This system allowed one crop a year. A shorter agricultural season meant more workers available for construction of buildings like temples and other royal buildings. Workers were also used for year-round irrigation projects. Water was usually carried manually on men's shoulders using yokes.

To plant, they dug a hole in the ground, and put one seed in each hole. They used furrows. They grew wheat, barley, vegetables, figs, melons, pomegranates and vines. Crops were very important to Egyptians. They grew lettuce, cucumber, wheat, barley, figs, pomegranate and beans. Shemu was the harvesting season. Peret was the growing season. Akhet was the flooding season. In October, the river Nile left a layer of soil. Kemet is left behind from flooding. They grew their crops on the edge of the bank on the river Nile, then they waited for the Nile to flood and then all was left was soil to plant there crops.

The harvest season was called "Shemu". The reapers cut the grain with wooden sickles that had sharp flints. The cattle trampled over the cut grain. They tossed grain into the air so the breeze blew the useless chaff away. It was hard and slow. Harvest takes place in spring but finishes in May. Families hired workers to do the job. Everyone took part in harvest. Farmers had to barter. Many of them harvested crops to trade for the things and animals they needed to plant more crops.

Ancient Egyptians had tools like winnowing scoops, mattocks, flint bladed sickles and plows. All of the tools were simple and made by hand. The Egyptian plow had a small blade on it but did not cut the soil.

A Shadoof is an object used to collect water from the river Nile. The Shadoof works by pulling the string at the front and at the back there is a weight to stop it from falling forwards. Shadoofs are used to get the water out of the Nile to water the crops.

The Egyptians believed that a balanced relationship between people and animals was an essential element of the cosmic order; thus humans, animals and plants were believed to be members of a single whole. Cattle were the most important livestock; livestock were taxed; the size of a herd reflected the prestige and importance of the estate or temple which owned them. In addition to cattle, the ancient Egyptians kept sheep, goats, and pigs. Poultry such as ducks, geese, and pigeons were captured in nets and bred on farms, where they were force-fed with dough to fatten them. The Nile provided a plentiful source of fish. Bees were also domesticated from at least the Old Kingdom, and they provided both honey and wax.

The ancient Egyptians used donkeys and oxen as beasts of burden. They plowed the fields and trampled seed into the soil. The slaughter of a fattened ox was part of an offering ritual. Horses were introduced by the Hyksos in the Second Intermediate Period, and the camel, although known from the New Kingdom, was not used as a beast of burden until the Late Period. There is also evidence to suggest that elephants were briefly used in the Late Period, but largely abandoned due to lack of grazing land. Dogs, cats and monkeys were common family pets, while more exotic pets imported from the heart of Africa, such as lions, were reserved for royalty. Herodotus observed that the Egyptians were the only people to keep their animals with them in their houses. During the Predynastic and Late periods, the worship of the gods in their animal form was extremely popular, such as the cat goddess Bastet and the ibis god Thoth, and these animals were bred in large numbers on farms for the purpose of ritual sacrifice.

Lom, Norway

Lom is a municipality in Oppland area of Innlandet county, Norway. It is part of the traditional region of Gudbrandsdal. The administrative center of the municipality is the village of . The municipality of Lom was established on 1 January 1838.

Lom sits at the base of two mountains. "Glittertind" is and "Galdhøpiggen" is high.

It has one of the few remaining in Norway. The church was built in 1158. 

The area of Skjåk was separated from Lom to become a municipality of its own in 1866.


Canadian Club

Canadian Club (also commonly known as just C.C.) is a Canadian brand of whisky. Canadian Club was created by Gooderham and Worts. It is currently being produced by Beam Suntory.

Canadian Club started being made in 1858. The first distillery was created in Walkerville, Ontario. They decided to create the distillery in Walkerville because of the good quality of the local grains that were there.

The whisky was popular in the late 19th century in gentlemen's clubs of Canada and the United States. It was known as "Club Whisky" because of this. After it became very popular, American distillers decided to petition to include the word "Canada" on the bottle to identify it from their competing whiskies. By doing this, they thought that it would stop the popularity of the whisky. However, this made the whisky even more exclusive. In 1889, Walker changed the label and added the word “Canadian” to the top of the label. In 1890, the label was changed again, with "Canadian" being moved down from the top of the label and incorporated into the name of the whisky.

During the Prohibition years, one of Canadian Club's most important clients was gangster Al Capone. He would smuggle thousands of cases of Canadian Club through a route from Windsor to Detroit.

The whisky has received royal warrants from Queen Victoria, Edward VII, George V, George VI, and Elizabeth II. Hiram Walker & Sons were the only North American distiller to receive a royal warrant.


Lom

Lom or LOM may refer to:


N. R. Narayana Murthy

Nagavara Ramarao Narayana Murthy (Kannada: ನಾಗವಾರ ರಾಮರಾವ್ ನಾರಾಯಣ ಮೂರ್ತಿ; born 20 August 1946), is an Indian IT industrialist and the co-founder of Infosys a multinational corporation. S. Gopalakrishnan was also a co-founder. Infosys provides business consulting, technology, engineering, and outsourcing services. Murthy studied electrical engineering at the National Institute of Engineering, University of Mysore, and M. Tech at the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur. 

Murthy has been listed among the 12 greatest entrepreneurs of our time by "Fortune" magazine. He has been described as the father of Indian IT sector by "Time" magazine due to his contribution to outsourcing in India. Murthy has also been honored with the Padma Vibhushan and Padma Shri awards.

He is the father of Akshata Murty, the wife of Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak.

Parry Gripp

Parry Gripp (born September 22, 1967 in Santa Barbara, California) is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist for the pop punk band Nerf Herder. As a songwriter, Gripp is best known for fake jingles, as in his 2005 solo album "For Those About to Shop, We Salute You". It was a 51-track concept album mimicking various musical styles as product commercials. He also maintains a song-of-the-week website and a YouTube channel on which he creates soundtracks to internet memes. He also does music videos for his own novelty songs. The titles include "Do You Like Waffles?", "Nom Nom Nom Nom Nom Nom Nom", "Last Train to Awesometown" and "Spaghetti Cat (I Weep For You)". "Hamster on a Piano (Eating Popcorn)", "I Am A Banana" and "Baby Monkey (Going Backwards On A Pig)" are others. Gripp also performs the "Being Ian", "Super Hero Squad Show", "", and "The 7D" theme songs.

 

Terra (mythology)

Terra is the Roman form of Gaia (greek). She is the goddess of the Earth. Her husband is Caelus, an ancient god of the sky (heavens). They are the parents of the Titans & giants. One day, thousands of years ago, Terra convinced her son, Saturn, to take his father's scythe and chop his father up with it. Saturn did as his mother told him. He scattered Caelus's pieces across the cosmos. When one piece hit the water, it gave birth to Venus, the goddess of love. This, effectively, makes Venus the oldest of all the gods & goddess'.

The Crying Child

The Crying Child is an American television horror movie. It was directed by Robert Michael Lewis. It is based on a Barbara Mertz novel.

The movie stars Mariel Hemingway and George DelHoyo.

After their son dies, a couple moves to a new house in order to forget. Suddenly, the woman starts to hear baby cries all over her home. She is the only one who can hear them.


Gilles Tremblay (ice hockey)

Joseph Jean Gilles Tremblay (December 17, 1938 – November 26, 2014) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger. He played his entire National Hockey League (NHL) career with the Montreal Canadiens from 1960 to 1969. 

He played 509 games, scored 168 goals and added 162 assists before injuries led to his retirement at the age of 31. Tremblay was a member of four Stanley Cup championship teams with Montreal, in 1965, 1966, 1968, and 1969.

After his hockey player career, from 1971 to 1997, he worked as a French-language broadcaster for ice hockey; he won the 2002 Foster Hewitt Memorial Award for his work. 

Tremblay died in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, aged 75.

Petr Hapka

Petr Hapka (13 May 1944 – 25 November 2014) was a Czech composer. He was one of the most important composers of Czech movie music industry. He was known for working with the lyricist Michal Horáček. He composed over 60 movies and 40 songs during his career.

Hapka died in Okoř, Czech Republic, aged 70.

Sabah (singer)

Sabah (; born Jeanette Gergis Al-Feghali, 10 November 1927 – 26 November 2014) was a Lebanese singer and actress. She was known as the "Diva of Music" in the Arab World. 

She has released over 50 albums, mostly songs in Egyptian Arabic, and has acted in 98 movies as well as over 20 stage plays. She has a reported 3,500 songs in her repertoire. She was the first Arabic singer to perform at Olympia in Paris, Carnegie Hall in New York, and Piccadilly Theatre in London and Sydney Opera House in Sydney.

Sabah died in Beirut, Lebanon, aged 87.

Frankie Fraser

Francis Davidson Fraser, better known as "Mad" Frankie Fraser (13 December 1923 – 26 November 2014), was an English criminal and gang member. He spent 42 years in prison for numerous offences including burglary and assault. Fraser was born in Lambeth, South London, England.

Fraser was shot in the head in 1991. He died from complications of leg surgery in Lambeth, South London, England, aged 90.


Far Rockaway, Queens

Far Rockaway is a neighborhood on the Rockaway Peninsula in the New York City borough of Queens. It is the easternmost section of the Rockaways. The neighborhood starts at the Nassau County line and extends west to Beach 32nd Street. The neighborhood is part of Queens Community Board 14. The name "Rockaway" may have meant "place of sands" in the Munsee language of the Native American Lenape. Other spellings include Requarkie, Rechouwakie, Rechaweygh, Rechquaakie and Reckowacky (see: Toponymy of New Netherland).

Duke of Rutland

The Duke of Rutland is a title in the Peerage of England named for Rutland, a county in the East Midlands. Earldoms named after Rutland have been created twice in history. The ninth earl of the second creation was made a duke in 1703. The surname of the present duke's family is "Manners". The heir to the title is known as the Marquess of Granby. Other titles: Marquess of Granby (1703), Earl of Rutland (1525), Baron Manners of Haddon (1679) and Baron Roos of Belvoir (1896). The Duke of Rutland is allowed to be addressed as "His Grace". The traditional family seats are Haddon Hall in Derbyshire and Belvoir Castle in Leicestershire.


The heir apparent is Charles John Montague Manners, Marquess of Granby (b. 1999), elder son of the 11th Duke

Duke of Westminster

The title of Duke of Westminster was created by Queen Victoria in 1874. It was given to Hugh Grosvenor, 3rd Marquess of Westminster. The current holder of the title is Gerald Grosvenor, 6th Duke of Westminster. Earl Grosvenor, the only son of the Duke, is godfather to Prince George of Cambridge. The Present Duke is entitled to the style of address of "His Grace" and the family surname is Grosvenor. The Duke of Westminster's seat is at Eaton Hall, Cheshire. The traditional burial place of the Dukes is St Mary's Church, Eccleston. The title was raised from the rank of Marquess. The family also owned a large townhouse in London called simply "Grosvenor House".


The huge family house in Park Lane, London was called Grosvenor House. In its place is now the Grosvenor House Hotel, built on the site. 

The Grosvenor hotel – the venue for some of London's grandest award ceremonies – was sold to Indian conglomerate Sahara for £470m in December 2010. The head of the conglomerate is Sahara India Pariwar.

Canadian Urban Institute

The Canadian Urbanism Institute is a scientific research institute in Toronto, Ontario, in Canada. The institute was established in 1990.


Being and Nothingness

Being and Nothingness: An Essay on Phenomenological Ontology is a book written by French philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre. Published in 1943, Being and Nothingness aimed to make certain the facts of human existence. Sartre wanted to show that free will exists. It can be considered part of a type of philosophy called existentialism.

 

Centre for Cities

The Centre for Cities is a non-partisan urban policy research unit in London, United Kingdom. The organization was established in 2005 as a part of the Institute for Public Policy Research. It became independent in 2007. The Centre for Cities was established to understand and solve urban problems in the United Kingdom cities. Centre for Cities publishes an annual report on 64 major cities.


Zabardust Khan

Zabardust Khan or Zabardust Khan Tanoli also known by his nick-name Suba Khan Tanoli (died 1797) was a chieftain of the Hindkowan Tanoli tribe, of Hazara region, in 18th century India. This area is now part of North-West Pakistan. 
Zabardust Khan was appointed a "nazim" (area administrator) in upper Hazara, Kashmir by the Afghan King Taimur Shah Durrani (or Abdali) in 1775 or 1776. This name "Suba" was given by Afghan King Ahmed shah abdali know as (Khan of Suba) i.e Subahdar. He was a good administrator at a very violent and bad time in history. He tried his best to help people, ensure peace in his area and control prices of food and other goods. For this reason, he is still remembered by people in that area today. 

Zabardust/Suba Khan Tanoli died in 1797. He is not to be confused with a Pathan soldier called Zabardast Khan, who fought at the Third Battle of Panipat.

A crumbling structure adorned with faded frescoes, enclosed by an imposing boundary wall is all that remains of Subah Khan’s mausoleum in the quiet village of Pohaar, about 36 kilometres north of Haripur in KP. It took around 40 minutes to reach there from Haripur, through a scenic route along the Tarbela Lake known as Chappar Road.

Subah Khan was born to Bahadar Khan Tanoli in the hilly trans-Indus region of Tanawal in KP in the first half of the 18th century. According to reliable oral traditions, Subah Khan’s ancestral elders from the Tanoli tribe had attracted the wrath of the mighty Mughal Empire by launching attacks on imperial forces and convoys in the region from their remote villages in Tanawal. 
Subah Khan Tanoli’s elders held out in fortified mountain villages during Emperor Aurangzeb’s rule.
As the Mughal Empire’s control weakened, communities across the subcontinent found themselves with more political space and economic freedom to assert their power in ways that had not been possible earlier.

When Ahmad Shah Abdali announced his plans to invade Hindustan, he found in Subah Khan a young warrior who was keen to join his army with his clansmen.
Stories of Subah Khan’s adventures and valour in the Battle of Mathura, fought between Ahmad Shah Abdali and the Hindu Jats in 1757, live on through folklore in the villages of Tanawal.
On more than a few occasions, I met old men recounting tales of how their elders carried zamburaks (swivel guns) to battle alongside the Afghan king. Some of these centuries-old zamburaks are still scattered around the region.

A centuries-old zamburak (swivel gun) used by Subah Khan Tanoli’s clansmen while fighting alongside Ahmad Shah Abdali at Mathura in 1757.
Descendants of Subah Khan It was a certificate from the Afghan king to Zabardast Khan Tanoli, conferring on him the title of Subah Khan for his support in the Indian campaigns, particularly in the fighting around Mathura.

According to the aging manuscript, Abdali awarded Subah Khan Rs12,000 and an annual jagir (grant) of Rs2,000, along with the right to tax caravans travelling between Kabul and Kashmir on the Tanawal route.

This can also be corroborated by the independent travel accounts of the British East India Company officer George Forster. While travelling through the region in July 1783, Forster saw trade caravans being taxed on the orders of Subah Khan’s son.

The Third Battle of Panipat (1761) between Ahmad Shah Abdali and the Marathas.—Courtesy British Library
Firsthand accounts from Abdali’s own army offer grim portraits of the battle and subsequent sacking of the city of Mathura in 1757:

“Wherever you gazed you beheld heaps of the slain; you could only pick your way with difficulty, owing to the quantity of bodies lying about and the amount of blood spilt. At one place that we reached we saw about two hundred dead children lying in a heap. Not one of the dead bodies had a head. The stench and effluvium in the air were such that it was painful to open your mouth or even to draw breath.”

Although Abdali’s patronage elevated Subah Khan’s status to one of Hazara’s most powerful chiefs, the scenes he witnessed in the wars were to leave a long-lasting impression on him.

After returning home, he donated all the land in his capital at Mangal (on the skirts of modern-day Abbottabad) to a Sufi mystic and made the mountains his home.

Subah Khan dedicated the rest of his life to building new towns at Birkund and Bir (in districts Mansehra and Haripur). The new settlements were named after Bir Deva, the mythical Gandharan ancestor of the Tanoli tribe.

According to Hazara’s first historian, Lala Mehtab Singh (1846), after returning home from the Indian campaigns, Subah Khan settled a large number of Hindu and Sikh Khatri merchant families in Bir to develop his new town as a hub for trade and commerce.

On one occasion, when the Hindu, Muslim and Sikh citizens of Bir celebrated the birth of a child in Khan’s family, they were told that the news of a new settler in Subah Khan’s town would be more welcome to him than the expansion of his own bloodline.

Mehtab Singh’s records also mention that Subah Khan’s son, Gul Sher Khan, donated Rs2,000 to help the Hindu families in Bir build a place of worship for themselves.

The town of Bir was founded by Subah Khan after he returned from Abdali’s India campaigns.
The Indus at Amb-Darband, the now-submerged capital of the state of Amb.
Abdali’s invasions are a polarising topic of discussion in India and Pakistan today. Nationalist historians and commentators on both sides prefer viewing the conflict as a simplistic clash of faiths, rather than as a violent competition for power and resources.

This binary view of history makes it hard to capture the nuances and human stories of the participants and victims of the wars.

The substantial economic and political concessions granted by Abdali to Subah Khan enabled his descendants and clansmen to consolidate their power in Tanawal.

In the decades following Durrani rule, they would fiercely resist both the Sikh general Hari Singh Nalwa and Islamist reformer Syed Ahmed Barelvi’s attempts to control the region.

In 1858, the British would formally recognise the region as the state of Amb, a semi-independent tribal princely state along the Indus with its capital at the now submerged towns of Amb and Darband.

"The last of Subah Khan Tanoli’s mid-18th century mausoleum."
"Crumbling Tomb of Suba Khan".

"Grave View of Suba Khan."

"Entrance gate of Tomb"

Tomb of Suba Khan Tanoli badly damaged under sikh invasion.

Charlie Sifford

Charles L. Sifford (June 2, 1922 – February 3, 2015) was an American professional golfer. He helped black golfers to be part of the PGA of America. Sifford was born in Charlotte, North Carolina. In 2004, Sifford became the first African American inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame. In November 2014, President Barack Obama awarded him the 2014 Presidential Medal of Freedom.

Sifford died in Cleveland, Ohio from complications from a stroke at the age of 92.

Peter Shaffer

Sir Peter Levin Shaffer (15 May 1926 – 6 June 2016) was an English playwright and screenwriter. He was known for his works in "Equus", "Amadeus", "Black Comedy", and in "The Royal Hunt of the Sun". He won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award for Best Screenwriter.

Shaffer died on 6 June 2016 at the age of 90 while on a trip to the southwest of Ireland.


Marcel Paquet

Marcel Paquet (21 February 1947 – 22 November 2014) was a Belgian philosopher. He was known for his philosophy on ontology, Belgian political philosophy, and on esthetics. Paquet was born in Charleroi, Belgium.

Paquet died in Poznań, Poland, aged 67.

Lewis Baltz

Lewis Baltz (September 12, 1945 – November 22, 2014) was an American visual artist and photographer. He became an important figure in the New Topographics movement of the late 1970s. His work has been published in a number of books, presented in many exhibitions. He wrote for many journals, and contributed regularly to "L'Architecture d'Aujourd'hui".

Baltz died in Paris, France from a long-illness, aged 69.


Anthony Anderson

Anthony Anderson (born August 15, 1970) is an American actor, writer, game show host and comedian. He has starred in his own sitcom "All About the Andersons", as well as "The Bernie Mac Show" during the fifth and final season. 

He is known for his leading roles in television dramas, such as "K-Ville", "The Shield", and "Law & Order". Anderson has also had supporting roles in films, such as "Transformers", "The Departed", "", "Scream 4", and "Kangaroo Jack".

On July 20, 2018, it was revealed that he is being investigated by the Los Angeles Police Department for a sexual assault allegation.


Mick Fleetwood

Michael John Kells Fleetwood (born 24 June 1947) is a British musician and actor, best known for his role as the drummer and co-founder of the rock band Fleetwood Mac.


Phillip Hughes

Phillip Joel Hughes (30 November 1988 – 27 November 2014) was an Australian Test and One-Day International (ODI) cricketer. He played for South Australia and Worcestershire. He was a left-handed opening batsman who played for two seasons with New South Wales before making his Test debut in 2009 at the age of 20. Hughes was born in Macksville, New South Wales.

During a Sheffield Shield match between South Australia and New South Wales at the Sydney Cricket Ground on 25 November 2014, Hughes was hit in the neck by a bouncer from New South Wales bowler Sean Abbott after mistiming his shot. He was taken to hospital. Hughes died two days later from his injuries at a hospital in Sydney, aged 25.


Ángel Tulio Zof

Ángel Tulio Zof (July 8, 1928 – November 26, 2014) was a former Argentine footballer and coach. He played for Rosario Central, Huracán, Atlanta and Quilmes as a left winger.

Internationally, he played for Canada's Toronto F.C., Philadelphia's Ucranian National and New York's Hakoah. Later, he became the coach of Ledesma de Jujuy, Club Atlético Platense, Atlanta, San Martín (T), Newell's Old Boys, Rosario Central, Los Andes.

Zof died in Buenos Aires, Argentina, aged 86.


Dorothy Malone

Dorothy Malone (January 29, 1924 – January 19, 2018) was an American actress. She won an Academy Award for her role in "Written on the Wind". She also starred in the famous soap opera "Peyton Place" in the 1960s.

Malone died on January 19, 2018 in Dallas, Texas of natural causes at the age of 93.


Hardy Krüger

Hardy Krüger (born Franz Eberhard August Krüger; 12 April 1928 – 19 January 2022) was a German actor. He was thought of as one of the greatest German actors of the 1960s. He was thought to be the first German actor to have been thought as a hero in movies after World War II.

His best known roles were in "Hatari!", "The Flight of the Phoenix", "The Wild Geese", "Sundays and Cybele", "A Bridge Too Far", "The Battle of Neretva", "The Secret of Santa Vittoria", "The Red Tent", "The One That Got Away", and "Barry Lyndon".

Krüger died on 19 January 2022 in Palm Springs, California at the age of 93.


John Hillerman

John Benedict Hillerman (December 20, 1932 – November 9, 2017) was an American actor. He was born in Denison, Texas. He was known for his starring role as Jonathan Quayle Higgins III on the television show "Magnum, P.I.". He starred in "Chinatown" and "Blazing Saddles". He also starred in "The Betty White Show". He won a Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award during his career. He retired in 1999.

Hillerman died on November 9, 2017 at his home in Houston, Texas of heart disease at the age of 84.


Don Gordon

Don Gordon (November 13, 1926 – April 24, 2017) was an American movie and television actor. He is sometimes known as Donald Gordon. Gordon was known for his roles in "Bullitt", "Papillon", "", "Revolt at Fort Laramie", "The Exorcist III", and in "Lethal Weapon".

Hell in a Cell (2014)

Hell in a Cell (2014) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on October 26, 2014 at American Airlines Center in Dallas, Texas. It was the sixth Hell in a Cell event held by the WWE. 

There were two main events on the card. The first main event saw John Cena defeat Randy Orton to earn a future WWE World Heavyweight Championship match. The second main event saw Seth Rollins defeated Dean Ambrose to end their feud.


Night of Champions (2014)

Night of Champions (2014) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on September 21, 2014 at Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee. It was the eighth Night of Champions event held by the WWE. 

The main event saw John Cena defeat Brock Lesnar by disqualification after Seth Rollins interfered. This caused Lesnar to retain his WWE World Heavyweight Championship.


Industrial and Mining Water Research Unit

The Industrial and Mining Water Research Unit (abbreviated IMWaRU) is a research group. They are part of the School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering at the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg.

The unit deals with many water issues in industry and mining.

The unit works with the Schools of Law, Chemistry, Civil and Mining engineering at the University.

Members of the group have given presentations at: 

The main location IMWaRU is in the Richard Ward Building on the East campus of the University.

The group has a broad range of research publications in the areas as listed below:






Blood doping

Blood doping is a way of increasing the number of red blood cells in the bloodstream. This is done to improve athletic performance. Because blood cells carry oxygen from the lungs to the muscles, a having more red cells in the blood can improve an athlete’s aerobic capacity (VO max) and endurance. Many methods of blood doping are illegal, particularly in professional sport.

There are a number of different methods. Frozen blood taken from the individual previously can be used for a later transplant; packed red cells from a compatible donor may be used, and blood substitutes may be used. The growth area in illegal blood doping of athletes is blood substitutes.


SummerSlam (2014)

SummerSlam (2014) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on August 17, 2014 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. It was the twenty-seventh SummerSlam event held by the WWE. 

The main event saw Brock Lesnar defeat John Cena to win his fourth WWE World Heavyweight Championship.


Bacteriology

Bacteriology is the study of bacteria. Bacteriologists study, identify, classify, and describe bacterial species.

Microorganisms such as bacteria, protozoa, fungi, and viruses are studied by "microbiologists". However, bacteriology is a distinct science, because the make-up and inheritance of bacteria is rather different from the other groups.


Ferdinand Cohn

Ferdinand Julius Cohn (24 January 1828 – 25 June 1898) was a German biologist. He is a founder of modern bacteriology and microbiology.

Cohn was born in the Jewish quarter of Breslau in the Prussian Province of Silesia. This is now Wroclaw, Poland. Starting at age 16 he studied botany under Heinrich Goppert at the University of Breslau. He then moved to the University of Berlin. At age 19 in 1847 he received a degree in botany at Berlin. 

In 1849 he returned to the University of Breslau and he remained at that university for the rest of his career as a teacher and researcher. His father had bought for him a large and expensive microscope, which the University of Breslau and most universities did not have at that time. They had microscopes, but not so good as his. It was Ferdinand Cohn's main research tool in the 1850s. 

In the 1850s he studied the growth and division of plant cells. In 1855 he produced papers on the sexuality of "Sphaeroplea" and later "Volvox". In the 1860s he studied plant physiology. Cohn was the first to classify algae as plants, and to define what distinguishes them from green plants. 

From 1870 onward he mostly studied bacteria. He published over 150 research reports during his lifetime. The University of Breslau became an innovative center for plant physiology and microbiology while he was there. His classification of bacteria into four groups based on shape (sphericals, short rods, threads, and spirals) is still in use today. 

Among other things Cohn showed that "Bacillus" can change from a vegetative state to an endospore when conditions are hard. Heat resistant spores of "B. subtilis" caused a controversy over spontaneous generation. Cohn explained why boiled infusions of hay and cheese could still get microbial growth. It was because they contained heat resistant spores.


Plant physiology

Plant physiology is the part of botany which studies how plants work. That is the physiology of plants. Using a variety of methods, botanists study how plants reproduce, grow, get nutrients, photosynthesise, get water, and so on.

The main topics of plant physiology are photosynthesis, respiration, plant nutrition, plant hormones, tropisms, nastic movements, photoperiodism, photomorphogenesis, circadian rhythms, environmental stress physiology, seed germination, dormancy, stomata function and transpiration.


Elimination Chamber (2014)

Elimination Chamber (2014) (No Escape (2014) in Germany) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on February 23, 2014 at Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was the fifth Elimination Chamber event held by the WWE. 

There were two main events. The first saw The Wyatt Family defeat The Shield and the second saw Randy Orton successfully retain his WWE World Heavyweight Championship in an Elimination Chamber match against Daniel Bryan, John Cena, Cesaro, Christian and Sheamus.


Stanisław Mikulski

Stanisław Mikulski (1 May 1929 – 27 November 2014) was a Polish theatre, television, movie actor. He was a host of the Polish game show "Wheel of Fortune" ("Koło Fortuny"). Mikulski was known for starring in the leading role in the 1967-1968 television series "Stawka większa niż życie".

Mikulski died in Warsaw, Poland, aged 85.

Mollicutes

The Mollicutes are a class of bacteria with no bacterial cell wall. "Mycoplasma" is the best-known genus.

They are very small, only about 0.2–0.3 μm in size, and have a very small genome. Most move about by gliding across host cells, but "Spiroplasma" are helical and move by twisting. 

Mollicutes are parasites of various animals and plants, living on or in the host's cells. Many cause diseases in humans. "Mycoplasma" and "Ureaplasma" stick to cells in the lungs or sex tubes like the urethra. "Phytoplasma" and "Spiroplasma" are plant pathogens with insect vectors. Bugs such as leaf-hoppers (Homoptera) are the vectors. They deliver the parasites when they stick their mouth-parts into a plant to suck its sap.

Dave (movie)

Dave is a 1993 American comedy movie directed by Ivan Reitman. It stars Kevin Kline, Sigourney Weaver, Frank Langella, Kevin Dunn, Ving Rhames, and Ben Kingsley.

It is about the President of the United States (Kevin Kline) suffering a stroke while having an affair and the White House Chief of Staff (Frank Langella) and assistant (Kevin Dunn) hiring a double (also Kevin Kline) to impersonate the president.




It's movie score was composed by James Newton Howard. It was released to very positive reviews on May 7, 1993. It has a 94% on Rotten Tomatoes. Critic Roger Ebert gave the movie 3.5/4 stars. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Screenplay.

Ivan Reitman

Ivan Reitman, OC (October 27, 1946 – February 12, 2022) was a Czechoslovakian-born Canadian movie producer and director of Jewish descent. He is known for directing "Ghostbusters", "Ghostbusters II", "Twins", "Stripes", "Junior", "Kindergarten Cop", and "No Strings Attached".

Reitman died on February 12, 2022 at his home in Montecito, California at the age of 75.

Closing the Ring

Closing the Ring is a 2007 British romantic-drama movie directed by Richard Attenborough. It stars Shirley MacLaine, Christopher Plummer, Mischa Barton, Gregory Smith, and Pete Postlethwaite. It was released to mixed reviews on December 28, 2007.

Dorothy Cheney

Dorothy “Dodo” Bundy Cheney (September 1, 1916 – November 23, 2014) was an American tennis player. She played most of her tennis at the Los Angeles Tennis Club. In 1938, Cheney became the first American to win the women's singles title at the Australian Championships, defeating Dorothy Stevenson in the final. Cheney was born in Los Angeles, California.

Cheney died on November 23, 2014 in Escondido, California at the age of 98.

Richard A. Jensen

Richard Alvin Jensen (July 4, 1934 – November 19, 2014) was an American theologian, author, and the Carlson Professor of Homiletics Emeritus at the Lutheran School of Theology at Chicago. Jensen was born in Fremont, Nebraska.

Jensen died in Lakeville, Minnesota, aged 80.

Long-handled bulb planter

A long-handled bulb planter is a gardening tool. It is used to dig holes to plant bulbs and other plants. It is also used to put soil back in the holes in order to cover the bulbs. A long-handled bulb planter allows people not to bend when using them.

In addition to bulbs, this tool can be used to help plant other plants which need a similar hole size and depth. For example, it can be used for planting potatoes.

Pat Quinn

Pat Quinn could mean:


Chernokids

Chernokids is a short French CGI-animated science fiction movie.

The movie "Chernokids" was made in 2010. It was made by five students from the film school named Supinfocom. Marion Petegnief, Matthieu Bernadat, Clement Deltour, Nils Boussuge, Florence Ciuccoli produced and directed the movie in 2010.

The movie was produced and directed by five students from Supinfocom. Supinfocom is a university in France. The university has a audiovisual and computer graphics program. Campuses are in Valenciennes, Arles and Pune. The school offers a five-year course of study that leads to a diploma of digital direction to its students, Matthieu Bernadat, Marion Petegnief, Nils Boussuge, Florence Ciuccoli, and Clement Deltour.

The movie was made in the genre of animated movies. The movie was made in the bizarre sub-genre. The movie was shot in 3-D. Illness and handicapped children were both themes in the movie. The movie was made all in Ukrainian. French translations were done by Roman Kozin and Nadia Myhal. The running time of the short movie was 6 minutes and 54 seconds. The screen format of the movie was Beta SP - DigiBeta. The movie was done in the aspect ratio of 16/9. The production company that made the movie was Supinfocom Valenciennes. The distribution of the short movie was handled by International Premium Films.

Animations for the movie were done by Matthieu Bernadat, Marion Petegnief, Nils Boussuge, Florence Ciuccoli, and Clement Deltour.


The children were each affected by the radioactivity in different ways. Each character was named based on their mutation.


Music for the movie was done by Nikolas Javelle, Yann Philippe, Sébastien Rouyer Fessard, Nikolas Javelle, and Yann Philippe.

The story follows four orphaned children's lives. One of them is a siamese twin. "In an orphanage somewhere in Ukraine a group of hideously deformed kids are about to visit their mother, the Nuclear Power Plant." The story happens after Chernobyl Nuclear Plant explosion.

The look and feel of the animation is somewhere between Pixar and a Slipknot music video that’s been burnt on one side and left out in the desert. The result is something that might play in a dank backroom of a short film festival (or out in the open of Fantastic Fest).

The movie "Chernokids" won the award for Best Digital Film at the Rome International [[Festival]] of Short Films & New Images (Arcipelago) during 2011 in Italy.

The movie was also in the running for awards at the International Documentary and Short Film Festival of Bilbao (Zinebi) during 2011 in Spain. The movie was also shown at the Brussels Cartoon and Animated Film Festival (Anima) during 2011 in Belgium. It was an international competition for professional films. The movie was also seen at the Clermont-Ferrand International Short Film Festival during 2011 in France.


Ronald Wayne

Ronald Gerald Wayne (born May 17, 1934) is a retired American electronics industry worker. He co-founded Apple Computer (now Apple Inc.) with Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs. Wayne drew the first Apple logo. He created the partnership agreement. He also wrote the Apple I manual. After two weeks he gave up his share of the new company for a total of $800 USD. His 10% share would be worth 60 billion today.

Said Akl

Said Akl () or Saïd Akl, Said Aql and Saeed Akl) (4 July 1912 – 28 November 2014) was a Lebanese poet, writer, playwright and language reformer. He was thought to be as one of the most important Lebanese poets of the modern age. He also helped create the Lebanese alphabet.

Akl died in Beirut, Lebanon at the age of 102.


Tapan Raychaudhuri

Tapan Raychaudhuri (8 May 1924 - 26 November 2014) was an Indian historian. He was an expert in British Indian history, Indian economic history and the History of Bengal. 

He was a Reader in Modern South Asian History at University of Oxford from 1973 to 1992. He was also Fellow of St. Anthony College, Oxford from 1973-93 where he remained as an Emeritus Fellow until his death in 2014.

Raychaudhuri died after suffering a series of strokes at his home in Oxford, England on 26 November 2014, aged 90.

Renée Simonot

Renée Simonot (born Jeanne Renée Deneuve; 10 September 1911 – 11 July 2021) was a French actress. She was known for being one of the first French actresses to dub an English movie. She mostly dubbed Olivia de Havilland and Sylvia Sidney. A stage actress, she appeared in many productions of "Les Misérables".

Simonot died on 11 July 2021 in Paris, just two months before her 110th birthday.

Wolfgang Suschitzky

Wolfgang Suschitzky, BSC (29 August 1912 – 7 October 2016), was an Austrian photographer and cinematographer. He was best known for his works with Paul Rotha in the 1940s and his work on Mike Hodges' 1971 movie "Get Carter". He was born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary.


Connie Sawyer

Connie Sawyer, born "Rosie Cohen", (November 27, 1912 – January 21, 2018), was an American actress of Jewish descent. She was born in Pueblo, Colorado and grew up in Oakland, California. She retired in 2014.

Sawyer was known for her roles in "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", "The Rockford Files", "Hawaii Five-O", "Dynasty", "When Harry Met Sally...", "Murder, She Wrote", "Home Improvement", "Seinfeld", "Boy Meets World", "Will & Grace", "That '70s Show", "8 Simple Rules", "ER", "How I Met Your Mother" and "The Office".

Sawyer died of a heart attack at her home in Woodland Hills, California on January 21, 2018 at the age of 105.

Olaf Pooley

Olaf Pooley (13 March 1914 – 14 July 2015) was an English actor and screenwriter. He was known for his roles in "Highly Dangerous", "Hell Is Sold Out", "The Lost People", "The Huggetts Aboard", and in "Lifeforce".

Don Lusk

Donald Lusk (October 28, 1913 – December 30, 2018) was an American retired animator and director. He worked for The Walt Disney Company.

Lusk was known for his works in "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", "Pinocchio", "Fantasia", "Bambi", "Song of the South", "Cinderella", "Alice in Wonderland", "Peter Pan", "Lady and the Tramp" and "Sleeping Beauty".

Lusk died on December 30, 2018 in San Clemente, California at the age of 105.


Pueblo, Colorado

Pueblo is the county seat of Pueblo County, Colorado, United States. The population was 111,876 in the 2020 census. Its nickname is "Steel City". 


Division of Adelaide

The Division of Adelaide is an Australian electoral division in South Australia. It includes the Adelaide city centre and the suburbs of Ashford, Clarence Park, Enfield, Goodwood, Kent Town, Keswick, Kilburn, Maylands, North Adelaide, Northgate, Norwood, Parkside, Prospect, Rose Park, St Peters, Toorak Gardens, Unley and Walkerville.

It was set up in 1903 and is named for the city of Adelaide, South Australia's capital, which was named for Queen Adelaide, wife of William IV.

Ernest Roberts was elected in 1908 after a by-election caused by the death of Charles Kingston. Kingston, a former Premier of South Australia, had been elected in 1903 unopposed. However Roberts died in 1913 which also caused a by-election. In 1988 Chris Hurford resigned to become the Australian Consul-General in New York, which also caused a by-election.


Norwegian Forest cat

The Norwegian Forest cat ( or ) is a breed of domestic cat found in Northern Europe. This breed is adapted to a very cold climate. It has a double coat. The top coat is glossy, long, water-shedding hairs. It also has a woolly undercoat for insulation. The breed's ancestors may have been brought to Norway by the Vikings. 

During World War II, the breed became nearly extinct. A Norwegian cat club helped the breed. They created an official breeding program. It was registered as a breed with the European Fédération Internationale Féline in the 1970s. This was when a local cat fancier, Carl-Fredrik Nordane, took notice of the breed. He made efforts to register it. Currently, the Norwegian Forest breed is very popular in Norway, Sweden, Iceland and France.

Diss railway station

Diss railway station is a station in Diss, Norfolk. The station is operated by Greater Anglia services. Trains go to and from Norwich and London. Diss railway station is part of the National Rail network.

Elimination Chamber (2013)

Elimination Chamber (2013) (No Escape (2013) in Germany) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on February 17, 2013 at New Orleans Arena in New Orleans, Louisiana. It was the fourth Elimination Chamber event held by the WWE. 

The main even saw The Rock defeat CM Punk to retain his WWE Championship. Jack Swagger defeated Daniel Bryan, Chris Jericho, Kane, Mark Henry and Randy Orton in the Elimination Chamber match for a World Heavyweight Championship match against Alberto Del Rio at WrestleMania 29.


Hurricane Edna

Hurricane Edna was a powerful hurricane that hit the East Coast of the United States in September 1954. This storm made landfall over Cape Cod. New Hampshire and Maine were hit very hard. The storm caused 20 deaths. Edna hit a few days after Hurricane Carol had hit the same area.

Michael Rosen

Michael Wayne Rosen (born 7 May 1946) is an English children's novelist and poet of Jewish descent.

Rosen wrote over 140 books. He was the fifth British Children's Laureate from 2007 to 2009. He has been a republican advocate, socialist columnist and television presenter.


Charlie Hall (politician)

Charles Albert "Charlie" Hall, Jr. (May 7, 1930 – November 20, 2014) was an American firefighter, labor activist, academic, and politician. He served in the Florida House of Representatives from the 118th district. He served as a representative from 1980 through 1982. He was a professor at Florida International University.

Hall was born in Miami, Florida, and died in Tallahassee, Florida, aged 84.

Bojihwayangdong buralsongseonsaeng

Bojihwayangdong buralsongseonsaeng () is a bilingual pun in Classical Chinese and Korean. It is part of the literature of the Joseon period of Korea. It has historically been used as a source of humour in Korean.

When Heo Mok was ordered to attend the academy of the more senior scholar Song Siyeol at Hwayang-dong, he made the journey. Once he got there, he was forced to wait for a long time. Then he found out the appointment had been cancelled. Heo Mok angrily stated ""bojihwayangdong buralsongseonsaeng"". In Classical Chinese, the statement means "Walked to Hwayang-dong; did not see teacher Song", but in native Korean, "boji" () refers to "female genitals", while "bural" () means "testicles", making the expression additionally mean "cunt Hwayang-dong; testicles teacher Song".



The world's 100 most threatened species

The world's 100 most threatened species was chosen by over 8,000 scientists from the IUCN Species Survival Commission (IUCN SSC), and the Zoological Society of London. The report was published by the Zoological Society of London in 2012 as the book, "Priceless or Worthless?" 

The species are threatened with extinction, and they have no obvious benefit for humans. This was deliberate, to avoid "vested interests". Iconic and charismatic species, such as tigers and pandas, and economically important species, have many defenders. These apparently "worthless" species had none. The title of the report, "Priceless or Worthless?", is based on that shared quality of the species. The report's co-author, Ellen Butcher, stated one of the guiding principles of the list, "If we take immediate action we can give them a fighting chance for survival. But this requires society to support the moral and ethical position that all species have an inherent right to exist".

Scientists are finding they have to justify funding for protection by showing what the human benefits would be. Jonathan Baillie, of the Zoological Society of London, said "The donor community and conservation movement are increasingly leaning towards a 'what can nature do for us?' approach, where species and wild habitats are valued and prioritised according to these services they provided for people. This has made it increasingly difficult for conservationists to protect the most threatened species on the planet".

Some of the threatened species are down to only a handful of surviving members. Santa Catarina’s guinea pig, native to a single island in Brazil, is down to its last 40–60 individuals, reduced by hunting and habitat disturbance. The Great Indian bustard is threatened by habitat loss resulting from agriculture and human development, and is down to the last 50–250 individuals. "Elaeocarpus bojeri", a flowering plant found only on the island of Mauritius, has fewer than 10 surviving individuals, because of loss of habitat. The Baishan fir ("Abies beshanzuensis"), native to China, is down to five surviving mature individuals. "Priceless or Worthless?" describes the threats that each species is facing, and measures that would help their survival.

Whist

Whist is a classic English trick-taking card game which was widely played in the 18th and 19th centuries. 

Whist is played by four players. They play in two partnerships with the partners sitting opposite each other. Players cut or draw cards to determine partners, with the two highest playing against the two lowest. The players then cut for deal. Unlike contract bridge, there is no bidding process. Trumps are decided by cutting a deck of cards. Therefore the game can be played by people who know nothing about modern bridge bidding.

Although the rules are simple, there is scope for scientific play. Originally it was a gambling game played in clubs and coffee houses.

Whist is a descendant of the 16th century game of "trump" or "ruff". The game takes its name from the 17th century "whist" (or "wist", or "whisk") meaning "quiet", "silent", "attentive", which is the root of the modern "wistful".

Whist is first described by Charles Cotton in his "The Compleat Gamester", published in London in 1674. It appears again in Seymour's "Court Gamester" of 1719, and we know that whist was played in some coffee houses in London. About 1728, a group led by the first Lord Folkestone played in Crown's coffee house in Bedford Row, London. They began to develop its potential as a partnership game.

Edmond Hoyle tutored wealthy young gentlemen in the game and published "A Short Treatise on the Game of Whist" in 1742. It became the standard text and rules for the game for the next hundred years and helped the game become fashionable. There are over 150 editions of this little book.

In the 1890s, a variant known as bridge-whist became popular. It evolved in stages to become auction bridge, and finally contract bridge in the late 1920s.

The traditional game of whist is still played at social events called "whist drives".

The rules are how it is played; the etiquette is how the players should behave.

A standard 52-card pack is used. The cards in each suit rank from highest to lowest: A K Q J 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2. Whist is played by four players, who play in two partnerships with the partners sitting opposite each other. Players cut or draw cards to determine partners, with the two highest playing against the two lowest. The players then cut for deal.

It is against the etiquette to comment on the cards in any way. One may not comment upon the hand one was dealt nor about one's good fortune or bad fortune.

Many basic ideas in card-play were discovered by whist players, and survive today in contract bridge. An example is the "finesse". This is an attempt to win a trick with a card lower than your best. For example: holding AQ73 in the South hand, the partnership lacks the K. North leads a low card, next hand plays low and South plays the Q. If it wins, an extra trick has been made. 

Signalling between partners by means of the card-play was well understood and used. Examples are: leading the top card in a sequence, such as K from KQJx, and also leading 4th highest from any suit (which implies you hold one or two top honours in that suit). In 1834 Lord Henry Bentinck invented the "high-low" signal, which encourages partner to continue the suit. Some advanced ideas were known. Alexandre Deschapelles (17801847), a French genius at both cards and chess, invented a play now known as the Deschapelles coup. It is the sacrifice of a high-ranking card to get entry to partner's hand.

The technique of running events where all players sitting in the same direction play the same cards was invented for whist. A duplicate whist drive has placings N/S and placings E/W. Modern movements for contract bridge events are developments of that duplicate whist system.

The basic movement was invented by John T. Mitchell, a Scot who moved to the U.S. He invented the boards which hold the cards, and the movement for whist drives, in the 1890s. In the basic Mitchell movement all N/S pairs sit, while E/W pairs move one table up each round. When they move, boards go down one table. The effect of this is to divide the tournament into two halves, but later movements can avoid this. By allowing many pairs to play the same set of boards, tournament whist was invented. The idea, with variations, is still used today for bridge tournaments.


Pierre Bérégovoy

Pierre Eugene Bérégovoy (23 December 1925 - 1 May 1993) was a French socialist politician.

Bérégovoy was born to a French mother and Ukrainian father in Déville-les-Rouen. Bérégovoy was Prime Minister of France from 1992-1993. He shot himself dead in Nevers.

Silky sifaka

The silky sifaka ("Propithecus candidus"), is a large lemur with long, silky white fur. It has a small range in northeastern Madagascar, where it is known locally as the "simpona". It is one of the rarest mammals on Earth, and is listed by the IUCN as one of the world's 25 most endangered primates. The silky sifaka is one of nine species in the genus "Propithecus". The species is only found within a few protected areas in the rainforests of northeastern Madagascar, with most of the remaining population in Marojejy National Park and Anjanaharibe-Sud Special Reserve.

The silky sifaka has a social structure, and lives in groups of two to nine individuals. It spends most of its day feeding and resting, and spends time to social behaviors like playing, grooming and travelling. Females occasionally take priority over males during feeding. Like other eastern sifakas, it eats mainly leaves and seeds, but also fruit, flowers, and even soil on occasion.

It is a seasonal breeder and only mates one day a year during the start of the rainy season. As with other sifaka species, non-maternal infant care is common. Group members of all ages and both sexes will often groom, play, occasionally carry, and even nurse infants that are not their own. The silky sifaka vocalizes frequently, and relies strongly on scent for communication.

Gang of Four

The Gang of Four () was the name given to a political group of four Chinese Communist Party officials. The leader of the group was Jiang Qing, Mao Zedong's last wife. The other three were Zhang Chunqiao, Yao Wenyuan and Wang Hongwen. They became powerful during China's Cultural Revolution. After the death of Mao Zedong, Jiang Quing was plotting a coup d'état to take over power. She and her close associates in the Gang of four were arrested, put on trial.

Jiang Qing and Zhang Chunqiao received death sentences that were later changed to life imprisonment. Wang Hongwen and Yao Wenyuan were given life and twenty years in prison, respectively. All members of the Gang of Four have since died. Jiang Qing committed suicide in 1991, Wang Hongwen died in 1992. Yao Wenyuan and Zhang Chunqiao died in 2005: they had been released from prison in 1996 and 1998 respectively.

Puja (Hinduism)

Pūjā (Devanagari: पूजा) is a prayer service ritual done by Hindus. The word puja comes from Sanskrit, and means reverence, honor and worship. A puja honours one or more deities. It also spiritually celebrates an event. It is sometimes spelled phonetically as "pooja" or "poojah". A Puja is the most common form of worship in the Hindu religion. It may honour or celebrate the presence of special guests or they're memories after they die. Puja rituals are also held by Buddhists, Jains and Sikhs.

World Bridge Federation

The World Bridge Federation (WBF) is the international body for contract bridge. The WBF is responsible for world championship competition, most of which is on a four-year cycle. The top championships are those for national teams in Open, Women, and Seniors categories. There is a World Team Olympiad every four years.

The World Bridge Federation was founded August 1958 by delegates from Europe, North America, and South America (now Zones 1 to 3). Each national organisation is in one of the eight geographic zones.

It is incorporated under the laws of Switzerland as a 'non-profit' organization. Harold Stirling Vanderbilt was made the first honorary member of the WBF for his work developing the game. 

Edward Williams

Edward Williams, known as his bardic name Iolo Morganwg (10 March 1747 – 18 December 1826), was an influential Welsh poet, antiquarian, and literary forger.

Iolo Morganwg wrote poems in both the English and Welsh languages. He wrote in the voice of other poets, as well as his own. Some of the forged poems were said to be written by the fourteenth century poet Dafydd ap Gwilym. Iolo Morganwg was known for his works as a literary forger. After his death, he had a reputation as one of Europe's most successful forgers 

Morganwg was known as an Architect of the Welsh nation. This title was given for his contributions to the eighteenth-century cultural renaissance. He upheld Wales's reputation as a civil nation in Bardism and the Gorsedd of the Bards. Iolo Morganwg tried to get started some national institutions. Some of them were libraries, academies, and several museums.

This legend or anecdotal tale is a work of Edward Williams. The work is one of the anecdotes and recollections that were included in the book entitled "RECOLLECTIONS and ANECDOTES of EDWARD WILLIAMS, THE BARD OF GLAMORGAN ; IOLO MORGANWG, B. B. D.". The book was written by Elijah Waring. The work was inspired by Chun Quoit. It was also inspired by a piece of moor land called the Gump. The moor land was between Saint Just and Pendeen in Cornwall.

The legend has it that if crossing the Gump on a moonlit night, there is a possibility that you could meet the White Hare of the Gump. If you do, then to bring good fortune, and ward off evil, you must place a silver coin under your right foot. The White Hare is a friend of the Fairy King of the Gump.


• "Diddanwch y Cymry" (Entertainment of the Welsh, an anthology of poetry, 1770s)

• "Dywenydd Morganwg" (The Delight of Glamorgan, a quarterly magazine, 1780s)

• "Selected Pieces of Ancient Welsh-Poetry" (translations of poetry by the canonical poets of the period of the Cywyddwyr, 1790s and 1810s).

• "The History of the Bards" (1794)

• "Christianity versus Kingcraft, with a Plan proposed for abolishing the Christian Religion, as inimical to the Rights of Man." (1794)

• "Dissertation on the Rights of Man, with four Plans of Republican Government, humbly addressed to the American States, in their United and Individual capacities. To which will be added observations on the ancient Constitution of Britain deduced from the Welsh Laws of Howel Dda. and a new Plan of Limited Monarchy on Patriarchal Principles." (1794)

• "The History of the Ancient Bards of Britain, compiled from Authentic Manuscripts in the Welsh Language. with elucidating Extracts from ancient Poems, The Bardic Triades, and a review of what Ancient foreign writers have said on the subject. Or an attempt to ascertain the true principles of Liberty, Natural and Political, and the Duties of man as a member of society." (1794)

• "Christian prophecy fulfilled in French infidelity, and thereby the evidences of Revealed Religion corroborated, with a new argument advanced for the existence of a Deity and the connective necessity of Divine Revelation." (1794)

• "A new plan for civilizing the American Indians, and other Barbarous Nations, addressed to the british Protestant Dissenters." (1794)

• "A new and equitable plan for the Abolition of slavery. Addressed to Parliament of Great Britain." (1794)

• "An additional Volume of Poems as partly original and partly translations from the Welsh." (1794)

• "A Dissertation on Infant Baptism or sprinkling The clearest and in its arguments the most conclusive of any that has ever been written hitherto. By E.W. Explorer of the Den of Thieves to his most Supernal Majesty the King of Kings."

• "Traethawd ar Areithyddiaeth gan Dr Blackwell wedi ei gyfieithu gan Iolo Morganwg, B.B.D." (An essay on Oratory by Dr Blackwell translated by Iolo Morganwg B.B.D.)

• "Translation of Young's Farmer's Calendar by E.W."

• "A Grammar of the Welsh Language, with Canons of Celtic Etymology and the Rules of Welsh Versification" 

• "The History of Caerfilly Castle from the first notice of it to the time of Henry the eighth By Edwd. Wms..."

• "To the prince of the Powers of the Air, King of Corsica, Europe, Asia, Africa, and America, Defender of Billy Pit's Faith, Head under God of the Church of Britain. This little work is with all the pomposity, all the adulation, all the Church and Kingism, and all the Blasphemy, of Regal etiquette, inscribed, addressed, Dedicated, &c, &c, &c, by his most sacred majesty, most redoubter and Democrat, Antagonist and Republican opponent" 

• "War incompatible with spirit of Christianity" - An Essay by Edwd Wms.


Antiquarian

An antiquarian or antiquary (from the , meaning related to ancient times) is a student of antiquities or things of the past. More specifically, the term is used for those who study history with particular attention to ancient artifacts. This includes archaeological and historic sites, or historic archives and manuscripts. The essence of antiquarianism is a focus on the empirical evidence of the past. It may be better explained by the motto adopted by the 18th-century antiquary, Sir Richard Colt Hoare, "We speak from facts not theory". 

In the 18th century a new form of humanism emerged. Learned men and those interested in history formed new antiquarian societies. They were not associated with universities. They were formed by gentlemen of means and leisure, They had a growing interest in ancient Greece. A fortunate few, mainly Englishmen and Frenchmen, could visit these sites. A lucky few could even afford books illustrating these antiquities. Many early antiquarians were self-taught. These gentlemen scholars prepared papers on their findings and debated these in the society meetings. At times they disagreed with the new academic approach to history. By the end of the 19th century, antiquarianism had been replaced by a number of more specialized academic disciplines. These included archaeology, art history, numismatics, sigillography, philology, literary studies and diplomatics. Today the term is often used in a pejorative sense. It is used to refer to a very narrow focus on historical trivia instead of the actual history. 

An antiquarian may also be someone who collect or study antiques.



Shah Jalal

Hazrat Shah Jalal (, , full name: Shāh Jalāl ad-Dīn al-Mujarrad al-Turk al Naqshbandi) is a celebrated Sufi Muslim figure in Bengal. Jalal's name is associated with the Muslim movement into northeastern Bengal. Also he is associated with the spread of Islam in Bangladesh through Sufism. Jalal was originally a Turkestani. He arrived at Sylhet in 1303. This is according to a tablet inscription found in Amber Khana, Sylhet. Dhaka renamed Zia International Airport to Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport. Dhaka and Sylhet had named a University known as Hazrat Shahjalal University of Science and Technology. The Mazarin is located at Chittagong.

Typhoon Matmo (2014)

Typhoon Matmo (also Typhoon Henry) was a tropical cyclone. The storm struck Taiwan in July 2014. The storm also hit eastern China.

Damage totaled $567 million. Sixty-two people died from the typhoon.

Lucidio Sentimenti

Lucidio Sentimenti (also known as Sentimenti IV; 1 July 1920 – 28 November 2014) was an Italian football player from Bomporto in the Province of Modena. He played club football for several clubs including Juventus and Lazio. He also played for the Italian national football team nine different times.

Sentimenti died in Turin, Italy, aged 94.

Mark Strand

Mark Strand (April 11, 1934 – November 29, 2014) was a Canadian-American poet, essayist, and translator. He was appointed Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress in 1990. He was a professor of English and Comparative Literature at Columbia University. Strand was born in Summerside, Prince Edward Island.

Strand died on November 29, 2014, in Brooklyn, New York City from liposarcoma, aged 80.


Diane Middlebrook

Diane Helen Wood Middlebrook (April 16, 1939 – December 15, 2007) was an American biographer, poet, and teacher. She taught feminist studies for many years at Stanford University. She was best known for writing biographies of poets Anne Sexton and Sylvia Plath (along with Plath's husband Ted Hughes), and jazz musician Billy Tipton. She was born in Pocatello, Idaho.

Middlebrook died in San Francisco, California from liposarcoma, aged 68.


Liposarcoma

Liposarcoma is a malignant tumor. It is found on fat cells in deep soft tissue, such as that inside the thigh or in the retroperitoneum. They are typically large bulky tumors. Liposarcomas, like all sarcomas, are rare.

Chris Meffert

John Christian "Chris" Meffert (August 11, 1943 – November 13, 2014) was an American lawyer and politician. He served as Mayor of Ocala, Florida from 1977 through 1980. He then served in the Florida House of Representatives from 1980 through 1988. Meffert was born in Ocala, Florida.

Meffert died in Salt Springs, Florida from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), aged 71.

Whoopee cushion

A whoopee cushion, also known as a Razzberry Cushion, is a practical joke device, used in a form of flatulence humour. It produces a noise resembling a "raspberry" or human farting. It is also called a farting bag. It is made from two sheets of rubber that are glued together at the edges. There is a small opening with a flap at one end for air to enter and leave the cushion. It is used by first inflating with air, then place it under a chair cushion for an unsuspecting victim to sit on. It is intended to embarrass the person. The Roman Empress Elagabalus was known to use an early version of a whoopee cushions at dinner parties. It is very similar to a pig-bladder used by court Jesters in the middle ages. It would produce the same results. The modern version was re-invented in the 1920s by the JEM Rubber Co. of Toronto, Canada. Employees were experimenting with scrap sheets of rubber to produce the gag item. 

Eurasian teal

The Eurasian teal, common teal, or Eurasian green-winged teal (Anas crecca) is a duck that lives in Europe and Asia. It is the only kind of teal in most places. Teal is also the name of a color between blue and green. The bird has this color round its eyes.

The teal mates where the weather is temperate, but in winter it flies south to avoid the cold. When it is not starting a family, the teal likes to be with other teals. It often lives in places where the ground is very wet and the wind is usually not strong. It does not go under the water to find its food. Instead, it stays on top of the water and eats seeds and bugs that live in the water.

Some scientists think that another kind of teal, the North American green-winged teal ("A. carolinensis"), is a kind of common teal

John T. Chisholm

John T. Chisholm (born in Milwaukee in 1963) is the district attorney of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin. He has held this office since 2007. Chisholm is known for his successful prosecution of corrupt politicians and police officers, serial killer Walter Ellis, crime boss and preacher Michael Lock, and many associates of Governor Scott Walker.

My Everything

My Everything is the second studio album by American singer and actress Ariana Grande. It was released on August 25, 2014. It first appeared at the top of the "Billboard" 200. It sold 169,000 copies in its first week.

Notes

Sample credits

Adapted from album liner notes.

Vocal credits

Managerial and creative
Technical

!scope="row"| South Korea

Chinese Rail GKD1

The GKD1 (D1) is a kind of diesel locomotive used in China. It was built by Dalian Locomotive & Rolling Stock Works.


Chinese Rail SS3B

The SS3B () is a kind of AC-powered electric locomotive used in China. It was built by Ziyang Locomotive Works in 2002 and is still produced as of 2009.

SS3B have been manufactured by several companies:

Dayananda Saraswati

Dayananda Saraswati (, "Maharshi Dayānand Sarasvatī") born (12 February 1824 – 30 October 1883), at Tankara was an important Hindu religious leader of his time. He was the founder of the Arya Samaj, a Hindu reform movement of the Vedic tradition. He was a scholar of Vedic lore and Sanskrit language. He was the first to give the call for "Swarajya" as "India for Indians" in 1876.

Maharshi Dayananda taught the doctrine of Karma (Karmasiddhanta in Hinduism) and Reincarnation (Punarjanma in Hinduism). He emphasized the Vedic ideals of "brahmacharya" (celibacy) and "Bhakti" (devotion to God). He promoted equal rights for women. This included the right to education and reading of Indian scriptures. He was against child marriage. He was also against idol worshipping and animal sacrifice. He spoke out against other religions, especially Islam and Christianity. He felt they were out to destroy the Hindu faith.

Snake case

Snake case (or snake_case) is the process of writing compound words so that the words are separated with an underscore symbol (_) instead of a space. The first letter is usually changed to lowercase. Some examples of Snake case would be "foo_bar" or "hello_world". It is commonly used in computer code. At least one study found that readers can recognize snake case faster than CamelCase.

If the first letter of each word is uppercase, this is known as Train-Case.



Grumpy Cat's Worst Christmas Ever

Grumpy Cat's Worst Christmas Ever is a television Christmas movie that stars the famous internet celebrity animal, Grumpy Cat. The movie was first shown on the Lifetime network on November 29, 2014. 

It stars Megan Charpentier as a young girl who adopts Grumpy Cat. Then she finds out that she and the cat can really talk with one another. 

The voice of Grumpy Cat is spoken by the actress Aubrey Plaza. She did not know about Grumpy Cat before working in the movie. To prepare, she learned all about Grumpy's behavior. The movie had already been made when Aubrey did the cat's voice part. Instead of using her script, she made up most of Grumpy's lines that ended up in the movie.

Grumpy Cat is a lonely cat living in a pet shop in a shopping mall. The pet shop is going to go out of business and be shut down. Grumpy is sad and upset because she is not getting picked to get a new home, while other animals are being adopted. 

Chrystal is a lonely 12-year-old girl who comes into the pet store right before Christmas and falls in love with Grumpy Cat. Grumpy finds out that she can communicate by talking with this girl. Chrystal is also amazed to find out that Grumpy Cat can talk. At first, the two do not get along with one another. While visiting in the pet shop during the Christmas holidays, they slowly become friends. 

Chrystal really likes Grumpy after they have an exciting adventure. A dog that costs a lot of money is about to be dognapped from the pet shop. Even though Grumpy does not like the dog, she stops the theft of the dog from happening.


Reviews for "Grumpy Cat's Worst Christmas Ever" have been both negative and postive. The "AV Club" and "Entertainment Weekly" both did not like the movie. "AV Club" said it was "the largest turd in Lifetime's crap crown of original programming." "The Guardian" and "St. Louis Post Dispatch" were a bit more positive in their reviews. The "St. Louis Post Dispatch" said that although the film was "terrible" they still enjoyed it overall.


Deaths in December 2014

The following is a list of notable deaths in December 2014. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Freaks and Geeks

Freaks and Geeks is a 1999-2000 American comedy-drama television show on NBC. It is set at a high school in Detroit, Michigan in 1980. "Freaks and Geeks" has a cult following. The series appeared on Time magazine's 2007 "100 Greatest Shows of All Time" list. It also placed number 13 on the "Best 20 Shows of the Decade".

You're So Vain

"You're So Vain" is a 1972 pop ballad. The song was written and performed by Carly Simon.

This song is about an arrogant (or unkind) man. Some people wondered who was so vain? She told later in the newspaper that the person’s name contains the letter E. This song is also well-known that Mick Jagger joined and sang backup on the record. Simon also played the piano in the record. It was released in November 1972.

The song has been covered by many artists.

More, More, More

"More, More, More" is a pop single by Andrea True Connection. The song was sampled for Len's 1999 "Steal My Sunshine".

The song was covered by other artists, including Samantha Fox, Bananarama and Rachel Stevens.

This song hit #4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was released in February 1976.

Sisters (TV series)

Sisters was an American television drama series. The show was about four sisters in Winnetka, Illinois.

The show was first broadcast in May of 1991. It lasted until May 4, 1996.

World Almanac

The World Almanac and Book of Facts is a reference book. It has information on tragedies, sports, weather and celebrities. The book was #1 on the "Washington Post" bestseller list in November 2011.

The book has been published every year since 1868, except between 1876 and 1885.

Rosie Perez reads the book in "White Men Can't Jump".

Gunnar Hultgren

Gunnar Hultgren (19 February 1902, Eskilstuna, Sweden – 13 February 1991, Uppsala, Sweden) was a Swedish bishop. He was active within the Church of Sweden. He was the Archbishop of Uppsala between 1958 and 1967.

Ruben Josefson

Ruben Josefson (25 August 1907, Svenljunga, Sweden – 19 March 1972, Uppsala, Sweden) was a Swedish bishop. He was active within the Church of Sweden. He was the Archbishop of Uppsala between 1967 and 1972.

Olof Sundby

Olof Sundby (6 December 1917, Karlskoga, Sweden – 6 December 1996 in Lund, Sweden) was a Swedish bishop. He was active within the Church of Sweden.. He was the Archbishop of Uppsala between 1972 and 1983.

Hans Olof Holmström

Hans Olof Holmström (15 October 1784, Ösmno Parish, Sweden – 27 August 1855 in Uppsala, Sweden) was a Swedish bishop. He was active within the Church of Sweden.. He was the Archbishop of Uppsala between 1852-1855.

Anja Pärson

Anja Sofia Tess Pärson (; born 25 April 1981) in Tärnaby, Sweden is a Swedish former alpine skier. She won several Olympic titles and World Championship titles. In 2003 and 2004, she also won the total Alpine Skiing World Cup. Totally, she won 42 World Cup events.

Magdalena Forsberg

Magdalena "Magda" Forsberg (born 25 July 1967 in Ullånger, Sweden as Magdalena Wallin) is a Swedish former cross country skier and biathlete. She won the overall Biathlon World Cup for six years straight between the seasons of 1996-1997 and 2001/2002. She also won several Biathlon World Championships titles. She also participated in the Cross-Country Skiing World Cup between the seasons of 1987/1988 and 1995/1996. Her best results at the Winter Olympics were in Albertville in 1992 where she finished seventh in the 4 × 5 km relay and 26th in the 15 km event.

Charlotte Kalla

Marina Charlotte Kalla (born 22 July 1987 in Tärendö, Sweden) is a Swedish cross-country skier. She has competed at the international level since the 2003-2004 season. She won a bronze medal at the women's 4 x 5 kilometre relay event during the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec in the Czech Republic.

On 6 January 2008, she won the second edition of the Tour de Ski event.

On 6 May 2012, she signed for Piteå Elit for the 2012/2013 season.

Charlotte Kalla announced on 22 March 2022 she would quit her competitive carrier following the Swedish Championships in Piteå in March 2022.


Antje Jackelén

Antje Jackelén, born 4 June 1955 in Herdecke, North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany, is the Protestant (Lutheran) archbishop of Uppsala in Sweden. She is primate "(prima inter pares)" of the Church of Sweden. On 15 October 2013, she was elected the 70th Archbishop of Uppsala. She was formally received through a service inside the Uppsala Cathedral on 15 June 2014. This made her the Church of Sweden's first archbishop to be born outside Sweden since the 12th century. She also became the denomination's first female archbishop.

The Church of Sweden announced on 7 December 2022 that she would retire. She laid down her bishop's staff during a church service inside the Uppsala Cathedral on 30 October 2022.

Ingemar Stenmark

Jan Ingemar Stenmark (), born 18 March 1956 in Joesjö, Sweden is a Swedish former Alpine World Cup skier. He competed at international level between the early 1970s and the late 1980s. He won several titles during the World Championship titles, the Olympic Games and the World Cup.

Duke of Bedford

The title of Duke of Bedford is a British title has been created several times and is today held by the Russell family since 1694. The heir to the title is usually given the title of "Marquess of Tavistock". The family seat is Woburn Abbey, Bedfordshire. The private mausoleum and chapel of the Russell Family and the Dukes of Bedford is at St. Michael’s Church in Chenies, Buckinghamshire. The family owns the Bedford Estate in central London. The duke is entitled to the style of address of "His/Your Grace". 


The heir apparent is the present holder's only son Henry Robin Charles Russell, Marquess of Tavistock (b. 2005).

Gunde Svan

Gunde Svan, born 12 January 1962 in Dala-Järna, Sweden is a Swedish former cross-country skier and auto racing driver. As a cross-country skier he won several titles during the World Championship titles and the Olympic Games as well the World Cup.

Christine McVie

Christine McVie (born Christine Anne Perfect; 12 July 1943 – 30 November 2022) was an English singer-songwriter and keyboardist. She is best known for being a member of rock band Fleetwood Mac. Eight songs written and sung by McVie are on the band's "Greatest Hits" album. They include "Don't Stop", "Little Lies", "Everywhere" and "You Make Loving Fun". She also released three solo albums.

In 1998, as a member of Fleetwood Mac, McVie was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. She also received the Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music. After retiring from the band, she worked on solo material. McVie appeared on stage with Fleetwood Mac at London's O Arena in September 2013. She rejoined the band in January 2014. Her first full shows after her return were during Fleetwood Mac's "On with the Show" tour in October 2014. In 2014, McVie received the British Academy's Ivor Novello Award for Lifetime Achievement.

On 30 November 2022, McVie died at the age of 79 after a short illness.

With Fleetwood Mac:


We Were Gentlemen

We Were Gentlemen is an American metalcore band. It formed in 2005 in Virginia Beach, Virginia. They split in 2010.


Lorimar-Telepictures

Lorimar-Telepictures was an American entertainment company. It was created on April 21, 1986. The company was created by the merger of Lorimar and Telepictures. Its assets included television production and syndication, movies, home video and broadcasting.

The merger of Lorimar-Telepictures was announced on October 7, 1985 by Merv Adelson. On April 21, 1986, the two companies merged. Lee Rich was one of the founders of Lorimar. In 1986, he sold his shares and left the company. On January 11, 1989, Warner Communications acquired Lorimar-Telepictures after a failed hostile takeover of the company.

Note: Most series listed here are owned and distributed by Warner Bros. Television.

In the mid-1980s, Lorimar-Telepictures went into the broadcasting business. It bought six television stations. They were as follows:

There was no success of this broadcast division. This led to the sale of each of these stations by 1991.

Qayyum Chowdhury

Qayyum Chowdhury (, March 9, 1932 – November 30, 2014) was a Bangladeshi painter. He was known for painting cover photos. He painted covers for over 26 years. His works can be seen all over Bangladesh.

On November 30, 2014, Chowdhury fell sick while delivering his speech on the fourth-day of Bengal Foundation organized classical music festival in Bangladesh Army Stadium. He was rushed to CMH, where on-duty doctor declared him dead. He was 82 years old.

Dwayne Alons

Dwayne Arlan Alons (October 30, 1946 – November 29, 2014) was an American politician. He was the Iowa State Representative from the 4th District. He was a member of the Republican party. Alons served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 1999. He was a Brigadier General in the Iowa Air National Guard and served as Chief of Staff at its headquarters.

Alons died of kidney cancer on November 29, 2014 in Sioux Center, Iowa, aged 68.

Joan Feynman

Joan Feynman (March 31, 1927 – July 22, 2020) was an American astrophysicist. Her work focused on solar wind particles and fields; sun-Earth relations; and magnetospheric physics. Feynman was the younger sister of physicist Richard Feynman who, since they were children, encouraged her interest in nature.

Feynman died on July 22, 2020 in Oxnard, California from heart failure at the age of 93.


El Chavo del Ocho

El Chavo del Ocho is a very popular Mexican sitcom. It was created and written by Roberto Gómez Bolaños. It stars Roberto Gómez Bolaños, María Antonieta de las Nieves, Carlos Villagrán, Florinda Meza, Ramón Valdés, Rubén Aguirre, Édgar Vivar, Raúl Padilla, Horacio Gómez Bolaños, and Angelines Fernández. It ran from 1971 through 1980 for 8 seasons.

El Chapulín Colorado

El Chapulín Colorado (English: The Red Grasshopper) is a Mexican television comedy series. It was created and written by Roberto Gómez Bolaños. It ran from 1973 to 1979.

Chespirito (TV series)

Chespirito, also known as Los Supergenios de la Mesa Cuadrada from 1968–1970 and Chespirito y la Mesa Cuadrada from 1970-1971, is a Mexican sketch comedy show. It aired in Mexico for two periods, 1968–1973 and 1980-1995. The program aired various sketches of characters created by Roberto Gómez Bolaños.

Florinda Meza

Florinda Meza García (born 8 February 1949) is a Mexican actress, television producer, and screenwriter. She is best known as Doña Florinda in "El Chavo del Ocho", La Chimoltrufia in "Chespirito", and other various roles in "El Chapulín Colorado".

Meza was married to Roberto Gómez Bolaños from 2004 until his death in 2014.

María Antonieta de las Nieves

María Antonieta Gómez Rodríguez (born 22 December 1949), more commonly known by her stage name María Antonieta de las Nieves, is a Mexican actress, comedienne, and singer. She is known for her role as La Chilindrina in the Mexican sitcom "El Chavo del Ocho".


Carlos Villagrán

Carlos Villagrán Eslava (born 12 January 1944) is a Mexican actor, comedian, and former journalist. He is best known for playing Quico in the Televisa sitcom "El Chavo del Ocho" and the Telerey sitcom "¡Ah qué Kiko!".

Ramón Valdés

Ramón Gómez Valdés de Castillo (2 September 1924 – 9 August 1988), often credited as Ramón Valdés, was a Mexican actor. He was best known for his role of Don Ramón in the popular sitcom "El Chavo del Ocho". He was born in Mexico City, Mexico.

Valdés died in Mexico City from stomach cancer, aged 63.

Rubén Aguirre

Rubén Aguirre Fuentes (; June 15, 1934 – June 17, 2016) was a Mexican actor. He was best remembered for his role as Professor Jirafales in the Televisa's television show "El Chavo del Ocho".

Aguirre died on June 17, 2016 at his home in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. He died from complications of pneumonia, just two days after his 82nd birthday. He suffered from diabetes which has been said to also been a factor to his death.


Édgar Vivar

Dr. Édgar Ángel Vivar Villanueva (born December 28, 1944) is a Mexican actor. He is best remembered as "Señor Barriga" and his son "Ñoño" from "El Chavo del Ocho", and as "El Botija" from "El Chapulín Colorado" and in "Chespirito".

Raúl Padilla

Raúl "Chato" Padilla Mendoza (June 17, 1918 – February 3, 1994) was a Mexican actor. He was known for his role as Jaimito, el Cartero ("Jaimito, the Mailman") in "El Chavo del Ocho". 

Padilla died in Mexico City, Mexico from a heart attack, aged 75.

Pecan pie

Pecan pies are sweet pies. They are made mostly with corn syrup and pecans. Some are made with brown sugar, molasses or honey. It also may be topped with ice cream, whipped cream, and similar items. 

Pecan pie is often served in the Southern United States with Thanksgiving and Christmas meals. Since there are over 1,000 varieties of pecans, the famous pie has a wide variety of taste. 


Horacio Gómez Bolaños

Horacio Gómez Bolaños (June 28, 1930 - November 21, 1999) was a Mexican actor. He was the brother of Roberto Gómez Bolaños. On the TV show "El Chavo del 8", he played the character Godinez. 

Bolaños died on November 21, 1999 of a heart attack during the production of a tribute to Chespirito for Televisa, aged 69.

Angelines Fernández

María de los Ángeles "Angelines" Fernández Abad (9 July 1922 – 25 March 1994) was a Spanish-born Mexican actress. She was best remembered for playing Doña Clotilde "La Bruja del 71" in the Televisa sitcom "El Chavo del Ocho". She was born in Madrid, Spain.

Fernández died from throat cancer in Mexico City, Mexico, aged 71.

Gustavo Díaz Ordaz

Gustavo Díaz Ordaz Bolaños (; 12 March 1911 – 15 July 1979) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He served as the President of Mexico from 1964 to 1970. His distant cousin was comedian Roberto Gomez Bolaños.

Ordaz died in Mexico City, Mexico on 15 July 1979 from colorectal cancer, aged 68.

Jean-Jacques Perrey

Jean-Jacques Perrey (; January 20, 1929 – November 4, 2016) was a French electronic music producer. He was best known for writing electronic music. He worked with the duo Perrey and Kingsley. He was also known for producing the them ""The Elephant Never Forgets"", used in El Chavo del Ocho and "Baroque Hoedown", used in Main Street Electrical Parade and in El Chapulín Colorado.

Perrey died from complications of lung cancer in Lausanne, Switzerland, aged 87.


Go Seigen

Wu Qingyuan (; June 12, 1914 – November 30, 2014), also known as Go Seigen, was a Japanese Go player. 

He was thought by many other Go players as one of the greatest Go players in its history. Seigen turned 100 in June 2014. Seigen was born in Fuzhou, Fujian, China.

Seigen died in Odawara, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan from natural causes, aged 100.

Óscar Humberto Mejía Victores

Brigadier General Óscar Humberto Mejía Victores (December 9, 1930 – February 1, 2016) was a Guatemalan politician. He was the 27th President of Guatemala from 8 August 1983 to 14 January 1986. 

Victores died in Guatemala City from Parkinson's disease on February 1, 2016 at the age of 85.

Álvaro Arzú

Álvaro Enrique Arzú Yrigoyen (14 March 1946 – 27 April 2018) was a Guatemalan politician. He was the 32nd President of Guatemala from January 14, 1996 until January 14, 2000. He was elected Mayor of Guatemala City five times and served his fifth term from 2004 until his death in 2018.

On April 27, 2018, Arzú suffered a heart attack while playing golf with his son in Guatemala City. He died in the hospital later that day.

Óscar Berger

Óscar José Rafael Berger Perdomo (born 11 August 1946 in Guatemala City) is a Guatemalan politician. He served as President of Guatemala serving from 2004 through 2008.

Monosodium glutamate

Monosodium glutamate (MSG), also known as sodium glutamate, is the sodium salt of glutamic acid. It is a chemical used to make foods taste better. This works because savory flavors are enhanced. That means the savory flavors are stronger. MSG is found in most foods. It is in higher concentrations in high protein foods such as meat, fish and dairy products. It has the E number of 621. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has classed MSG as a food additive that is "generally recognized as safe". However, the FDA requires that it be listed on the label. It is banned in the UK after a thorough examination of the contents, and the context of what it's being used in.

Sergio Corona

Sergio Corona Ortega (born October 7, 1928) is a Mexican television and movie actor and comedian of the Golden Age Of Mexican Cinema. He has appeared in over 50 telenovelas. Corona is known for his roles as Don Tomas Leon in the Mexican telenovela "Come dice el dicho" and as Don Boni in "Plaza Sésamo" (Spanish version of "Sesame Street"). He also appeared as a bellboy in the 1989 James Bond movie "License to Kill".

Corona was born in Pachuca, Hidalgo, Mexico.

Aqueous solution

An aqueous solution is a solution where the solvent is water. In a chemical equation it is written by adding (aq) to the formula. A solution of ordinary table salt in water would be written as NaCl(aq). NaCl is the part that means table salt. The word "aqueous" means being dissolved in water. Water is a solvent. It is found all over the place. Water is a solvent in chemistry.

Luc De Vos

Luc De Vos (12 July 1962 – 29 November 2014) was a Belgian musician and writer. He was best known as the lead singer of the Alternative Dutch language rock group Gorki. He also voiced Fillmore in the Flemish version of the Disney movie Cars. He was born in Evergem, Belgium.

Vos died from acute multiple organ failure in Ghent, Belgium, aged 52.

2014 India–Pakistan floods

From 2-26 September 2014, the Kashmir region of South Asia witnessed heavy floods across a large part of its districts. This was caused by heavy rainfall. In Jammu & Kashmir in India, as well as Azad Kashmir, Gilgit-Baltistan and Punjab in Pakistan, were affected by these floods. 566 people died due to the floods in this area.

Mother (novel)

Mother ("") is a novel written by Maxim Gorky in 1906. It is about an woman who began to take on extreme political beliefs. It was translated into many languages, many movies are also inspired by it.


The play "The Mother" by German playwright Bertolt Brecht is based on this novel.

Demaratus

Demaratus () was a co-king of Sparta from 515 until 491 BC. He succeeded his father Ariston as king. In 491 Demaratus and his co-king Cleomenes I became bitter rivals. Cleomenes plotted to have his kinsman Leotychides replace Demaratus as king. Cleomenes bribed the Oracle of Delphi to say that Demaratus was not actually the son of Ariston. Demaratus lost his kingship. But he still held a position as a magistrate in Sparta. After being ridiculed by the king over no longer being a king himself, Demaratus went into exile. He went to Darius I of Persia who gave him cities to rule over. Demaratus later went with king Xerxes I on his invasion of Greece in 480 BC. He warned Xerxes not to underestimate the Spartans before the Battle of Thermopylae.

These Boots Are Made for Walkin'

"These Boots Are Made For Walkin'“ is a song sung by Nancy Sinatra. It was released in early 1966.

Analog television

Analog television is broadcasting television programming using analog signals. Before digital television, all broadcasters used analog signals.

Analog television can be wireless or can be over a cable television network.

Many countries have changed from analog to digital television. Others are in the process of changing, and some have not started changing. 

The current deadline for "low power" TV stations in the United States to switch to digital television is July 13th 2021, over 60 years after analog was first made. The full power stations already switched in the months between February 12th and July 12th 2009. 

In 2008, the FCC in the US said that all full power stations needed to switch to digital by the 13th February 2009. Most had already been running digital channels alongside the analog version. Satellite, cable, and users with low power did not need to make the change at the time. The FCC gave people up to 2 $40 coupons to buy converter boxes between January 2008 and March 2009. 

In the UK, regions began changing to digital terrestrial television in 2007. The regional phase ended in 2012. Northern Ireland was the last place to replace analog in the UK on the morning of 24th of October 2012. 

Some people were worried that because some digital channels didn't have subtitles, that some people would have difficulty understanding what was happening. The London Olympic Games were meant to be held soon, which also made people worried that the timetable would affect people's ability to watch it if they did not make the switch completely. 

Meanwhile in the US, 2 years after all of the full power analog TV stations were shut down, the FCC, on July 15, 2011 made the date for low power television. Stations on channels 52 to 69 had to shut down or leave those channels by December 31, 2011, and all analog television transmitters needed to shut down by September 1, 2015. The FCC said, on May 17 of 2017, that all analog low-power stations and transmitters must convert by July 13, 2021. The last ones were in Alaska, and converted in January 2022. 


Simon Says

The game of Simon Says is a childrens game. It is played in many parts of the world. 

One player is "Simon" and gives instructions to other players. Players should only follow instructions if "Simon" first says, "Simon says...". Players are eliminated if they follow any instruction that does not begin with "Simon says..." Examples would be instructions such as "Simon says touch your nose" or "Simon says jump on one foot". Players are eliminated until just one is left. The winner of the game is the player who has followed all the instructions correctly.

Digital television

Digital television is television broadcasting using digital signals. With digital television, more than one program can be sent at a time in the same channel bandwidth. It also provides a cleaner looking picture than analog.

Digital television has replaced analog television in many countries. These countries include Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States.


Fred Catherwood

Sir Henry Frederick Ross Catherwood (31 January 1925 – 30 November 2014) was a British politician and writer.

Catherwood was born at Castledawson, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. He was educated at Shrewsbury School and Clare College, Cambridge.

He was former Director General of the National Economic Development Council, and president of the Evangelical Alliance.

He was elected as a Conservative member of the European Parliament for Cambridgeshire and related areas from 1979 until his retirement in 1994. He was Vice President of the European Parliament 1989-1992.

He married Elizabeth, the daughter of Christian pastor and author Martyn Lloyd-Jones. Their son Christopher Catherwood is an author. Fred Catherwood died in Cambridge, England on 30 November 2014 at the age of 89.

Martin Litton

Martin Litton (February 13, 1917 – November 30, 2014) was an American environmental activist and editor. He was a Grand Canyon river runner. Litton was best known as a staunch opponent of the construction of Glen Canyon Dam and other dams on the Colorado River.

On November 30, 2014, Litton died at his home in Palo Alto, California, aged 97.

Jarbom Gamlin

Jarbom Gamlin (16 April 1961 – 30 November 2014) was an Indian politician. He was the leader of the Indian National Congress political party in Arunachal Pradesh. He was the Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh serving from May 2011 through October 2011.

Gamlin died from liver thrombosis in Gurgaon, Assam, aged 53.

Sita Murt

Sita Murt (; 1946 – 1 December 2014) was a Catalan fashion designer and businesswoman. She was born in Barcelona, Spain. She was known for designing soft clothing and for producing the clothes in the movie "Vicky Christina Barcelona".

Murt died from cancer in Barcelona, Spain, aged 68.

Mary Beth Hughes

Mary Beth Hughes (November 13, 1919 – August 27, 1995) was an American stage, movie and television actress. She played Henry Fonda's former girlfriend in "The Ox-Bow Incident" (1943). She also played Sylvia in "The Great Profile".

She was born Mary Elizabeth Hughes in Alton, Illinois. Hughes' parents, George Joseph Hughes and Mary Frances Hughes, separated when she was an infant and divorced in 1923.

Hughes died, aged 75, on August 27, 1995 from natural causes in Los Angeles.




Stellinha Egg

Stella Maria Egg, baptismal name of Stellinha Egg (July 18, 1914 - June 17, 1991), was a Brazilian singer and composer.

She was married to maestro Lindolfo Gaya and musical partner of Luiz Gonzaga, Dorival Caymmi, Silvio Caldas, among others.

Stella Maria Egg was born in Curitiba on July 18, 1914. After her husband died in the 80s, she returned to Curitiba, leaving behind their concerts. She died in Curitiba on June 17, 1991, when she was 77 years old.

Adriana Caselotti

Adriana Caselotti (May 6, 1916 – January 18, 1997) was an American voice actress and a singer. She voiced Snow White in "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" in 1937.

Caselotti was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut. She died in Los Angeles, California of respiratory failure from lung cancer.

Dorothy Morris

Dorothy Morris (February 23, 1922 – November 20, 2011) was an American actress. She played roles of "the girl next door". She played Sue in "Cry Havoc". She played Edith Bryant in "This Time for Keeps".

Morris was born in Los Angeles, California. She died at age eighty-nine in Palm Springs, California

Denise Darcel

Denise Darcel (born Denise Billecard; 8 September 1924 – 23 December 2011) was a French actress. She made movies in Hollywood. She played Gigi Mignon in "Dangerous When Wet". She played Countess Marie in the movie "Vera Cruz".

Darcel was born in Paris, France. She died at age 87 in Los Angeles, California from emergency surgery to repair a torn aneurysm.

Romford railway station

Romford Railway Station is a major interchange station in Romford, Havering in Greater London. The station is located on the Great Eastern Main Line. Services that call at the station are operated by Abellio Greater Anglia, London Overground and TfL Rail. Services that stop at Romford are the Liverpool Street-Shenfield 'metro' services (TfL Rail) and Romford-Upminster services (London Overground). There are also long distance Abellio Greater Anglia services that stop at Romford. Crossrail is due to call at Romford in 2018. It will replace the current Liverpool Street-Shenfield service.

Tay Bridge disaster

The Tay Bridge disaster was one of the great engineering disasters of the 19th century. It happened during a violent storm on 28 December 1879. The first Tay Rail Bridge collapsed while a train was passing over it from Wormit to Dundee, killing all aboard.

The Tay Bridge was designed by noted railway engineer Thomas Bouch, who received a knighthood when the bridge was completed. It was a lattice-grid design, combining cast and wrought iron. The design was well known, having been successfully used in the Crumlin Viaduct in South Wales in 1858. 

An earlier cast iron design, the Dee bridge which collapsed in 1847, failed due to poor use of cast-iron girders. In 1867 Gustave Eiffel used a similar design to build several large viaducts in the Massif Central.

Plans to build a bridge across the River Tay date back to at least 1854. The "North British Railway (Tay Bridge) Act" received the Royal Assent on 15 July 1870 and the foundation stone was laid on 22 July 1871.

The original design was for lattice girders supported by brick piers resting on bedrock. Test drilling showed the rock was not far below the river. At either end of the bridge the single rail track ran on top of the bridge girder, most of which lay below the pier tops. However, in the middle section of the bridge (the “high girders”) the railway ran inside the bridge girder, which could then run above the pier tops. This made the bridge high enough to allow sailing ships to travel up the river to Perth.

However as the bridge extended out into the river, it became clear in December 1873, that the bedrock really lay much deeper. It was too deep to act as a foundation for the bridge piers. Bouch had to redesign the bridge. He reduced the number of piers and increased the span of the girders. The pier foundations were no longer taken down to bedrock; instead they were built by sinking brick-lined wrought-iron caissons onto the riverbed,

The company which had the contract for building the bridge went bankrupt while Bouch was redesigning the bridge. The new company did poor work. Almost every part of the bridge was substandard, including the iron and the ties and fixings. Lack of precision in the bolts and braces led to on-site fixes, described by one witness at the later inquiry as "about as slovenly a piece of work as ever I saw in my life".

The bridge was opened for passenger traffic on 1 June 1878. The next year, on June 20 1879, Queen Victoria crossed the bridge to return south from Balmoral. Bouch was presented to her before she did so, and on June 26th 1879 he was knighted by the Queen at Windsor Castle.

On the night of 28 December 1879 at 7.15pm, the bridge collapsed after its central spans gave way during high winter gales. A train with six carriages carrying 75 passengers and crew, crossing at the time of the collapse, fell into the icy waters of the Tay. All 75 were killed. The disaster stunned the whole country and sent shock waves through the Victorian engineering community.

At the time a gale of about force ten or eleven (Tropical Storm force winds: 55–72 mph/80–117 km/hr) had been blowing down the Tay estuary at right angles to the bridge. The engine itself was salvaged from the river and repaired for service on the railways.

The collapse of the bridge, opened only 19 months earlier and passed as safe by the Board of Trade, is still the most famous bridge disaster in the British Isles. The stumps of the original bridge piers can still be seen above the surface of the Tay even at high tide.

The inquiry said that ""the fall of the bridge was occasioned by the insufficiency of the cross-bracings and fastenings to sustain the force of the gale on the night of December 28th 1879 and that the bridge had been previously strained by other gales"."

However, this is not a finding that the bridge "as designed" would have failed. The engineer who carried out a detailed report on the bridge design said: 

The section in the middle of the bridge, where the rail ran inside high girders, was likely to be top-heavy and very vulnerable to high winds. Neither Bouch nor the builders appeared to have regularly visited the on-site foundry where iron from the earlier half-built bridge was recycled. The cylindrical cast iron columns supporting the 13 longest spans of the bridge, each 245 ft (75 m) long, were of poor quality. Many had been cast horizontally, with the result that the walls were not of even thickness. There was some evidence that poor quality work was hidden from the (very inadequate) quality control inspections.

In particular, some of the lugs used as attachment points for the wrought iron bracing bars had been "burnt on" rather than cast with the columns. Even the normal lugs were very weak. They were tested for the Inquiry, and proved to break at only about rather than the expected load of . These lugs failed and weakened the entire middle of the bridge during the storm.

Put into simple words, the bridge failed because of defects in its manufacture. This meant it did not reach the standards of wind resistance planned by the designer.


Clacton-on-sea railway station

Clacton-on-Sea railway station is a railway station in England. It serves the town of Clacton-on-Sea in Essex. The station is near the town centre. It is within walking distance from the pier and sea. The station is on the Sunshine Coast Line. Services run to/from Colchester and Liverpool Street.

Yonne (river)

The Yonne is a river in the northern half of France. It flows mainly through the western part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, giving its name to the Yonne department and to several "communes". It is the main left tributary of the Seine river.

The river was named during the Roman Empire as "Icauna", a Latin word that likely came from the Celtic name for the river.

The Yonne river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 91.70 cubic metres per second at Courlon-sur-Yonne.

The source of the Yonne is on the "Prénely" mountain on the southern end of the "Morvan" hills in the Glux-en-Glenne "commune", Nièvre department, at an altitude of about .

The Yonne flows, in general, from the southeast to the northwest and passes through the 115 "communes", most of them in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region; the main "communes" are:

Finally, it flows, as a left tributary, into the Seine river in the town of Montereau-Fault-Yonne, at of altitude.

The main tributaries of the Yonne are:



Barbara Kent

Barbara Cloutman (later Barbara Kent; December 16, 1907 – October 13, 2011) was a Canadian-born and American-based actress of the 1920s and 1930s. She played Lotus in "Chinatown after Dark". She played Amelia in the movie "Vanity Fair" (1932).

Kent was born in Alberta, Canada. She died at 103 in Palm Desert, California.

Chiltern Hills

The Chiltern Hills are chalk hills in southern England. They go 70 mi (115 km) southwest to northeast through parts of Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Hertfordshire, and Bedfordshire. This makes a well-marked escarpment to the northwest and a gentle southeast slope to the River Thames. 

Considerable areas are now under the National Trust and are popular tourist attractions. The greatest elevation is Coombe Hill (852 ft [260 m]) near Wendover. The dense beechwoods still cover the western portions. They were once the basis of the traditional furniture industry of High Wycombe. Several passes through the Chiltern Hills are used by roads and railways to London.

Horacio Cartes

Horacio Manuel Cartes Jara (born 5 July 1956) is an Paraguayan politician. He served as President of Paraguay from 2013 through 2018.

Cartes won the 2013 presidential election in Paraguay on 21 April 2013 and took office as President on 15 August 2013.

Horacio Cartes is the owner of ""Grupo Cartes"", a conglomerate of approximately two dozen of companies. He has also been president of the football club Club Libertad since 2001 

Hammond organ

The Hammond organ is a keyboard instrument that looks like a piano. The most common Hammond organs create sound using metal wheels and electricity. It is an electric version of a pipe organ that was invented by Laurens Hammond and John M. Hanert. It was first built in 1935. Sliding "drawbars" adjust the type of sound that the organ makes. The Hammond organ is one of the most successful organs made because almost two million Hammond organs were sold.

The most common Hammond organ has two keyboards that are called manuals by organ players. They are smaller versions of piano keyboards that are stacked on top of each other. This allows the organist to play both at the same time. The keys on the manuals of a Hammond organ are lighter and easier to press than the keys on a piano. This makes it easier for organists to play notes faster. 

The pedalboard on a Hammond organ looks like a very large piano keyboard. It's played with your feet and makes very low sounding notes, known as bass notes. 

Both manuals and the pedalboard can be played at the same time, making it easy to make complex sounds with the organ.

The sounds that the manuals and pedalboard make are controlled by switches called drawbars. You can pull them out to make the sound louder, or push them in to make the sound softer. Each manual has nine drawbars that control different parts of the sound. The drawbars on the left side control lower sounds while the drawbars on the right side control higher sounds. The pedalboard has two drawbars, and they both control low sounds.

Hammond organs have a feature called "percussion" which allows you to add melodic clicks to the music you're playing. It's controlled by switches on the upper left side of the organ. Percussion adds harmonics to the melodies you're playing.

To further change the sound of the organ, a knob exists that adds vibrato or chorus to the music depending on how it's turned. Vibrato is a very small change in pitch that makes the notes sound like they're "wobbly". Chorus adds additional notes to the notes you're playing to make the sound more "full".

The Hammond organ was based off of an early instrument called the Telharmonium which made sounds the same way the Hammond organ did, with turning metal discs. Laurens Hammond, the inventor, had a clock making business where he created a clock motor that is useful for other things too. With his motor he made the Hammond Organ. 

The most common Hammond organs are tonewheel organs, which means that they create sound based off of turning metal disks with bumps on the edges. An electric signal is sent over the bumps and the resulting signal is made louder by using an amplifier. Hammond's A, B, C, D, and RT series organs use tonewheels, and according to experts, they are preferred over any other model of Hammond. 

Hammond manufactured tonewheel organs from 1935 to 1975.

After Hammond made tonewheel organs, he moved onto transistor organs, which didn't use tonewheels, but instead used computer circuitry to generate sound. Most Hammond organ players did not like the sound of the transistor organs, and they lost popularity quickly. 

Hammond manufactured transistor organs from 1975 to 1985 when the Hammond Organ Company went out of business.

The tone generator in a Hammond organ is made up of many tonewheels spinning at the same speed. Electric signals and amplifiers make the sounds louder.

The most common speaker used with the Hammond organ is called a Leslie speaker. Made by Don Leslie, it copies the sound of a pipe organ by rotating the speakers inside the speaker cabinet. Leslie speakers were not made by Hammond, but most people liked them so much that they would buy them anyway. 

An alternative to the Leslie Speaker is the Hammond Tone Cabinet, but that wasn't as popular.




Mario Abramovich

Mario Abramovich (31 October 1926 – 1 December 2014) was an Argentine violinist and composer of Jewish descent. He was a member of the group Sexteto Mayor since its founding in 1973, until his death in 2014. He was known for performing in the Argentine album "Bête Noire".

Abramovich died in Buenos Aires, Argentina, aged 88.


Bobby Keys

Robert Henry "Bobby" Keys (December 18, 1943 – December 2, 2014) was an American saxophone player. He performed with other musicians as a member of several horn sections of the 1970s. He appears on albums by The Rolling Stones, Lynyrd Skynyrd, The Who, Harry Nilsson, Delaney Bramlett, George Harrison, Eric Clapton and Joe Cocker, amongst other notable musicians. Keys was a touring musician from 1956 until his death in 2014. Keys was born in Slaton, Texas.

Keys had cancer and liver failure. He died at his home in Franklin, Tennessee on December 2, 2014, aged 70.

Twist Bread

Twist bread is a type of bread rolled into a long sausage shape and twisted over a stick. It is then baked over an open fire.

The dough is made like ordinary bread dough with yeast as a leavening agent.

CamelCase

CamelCase (camel case, camel caps or medial capitals) is the practice of writing compound words or phrases so that each next word or abbreviation begins with a capital letter. CamelCase can either start with a lowercase or uppercase letter, although the lowercase version is much more common in programming. Common examples are PowerPoint or iPhone.

There are many variations of CamelCase. A few important ones are:

The first use of medial capitals was the notation for chemical formulae invented by the Swedish chemist Berzelius in 1813. He did this to replace the many naming and symbol systems used by chemists at that time. He suggested to show each chemical element by a symbol of one or two letters, the first one being capitalized. The capitalization allowed formulae like 'NaCl' to be written without spaces and still be read without confusion. This system is still in use today.

Since the early 20th century, medial capitals have occasionally been used for corporate names and product trademarks, such as

Despite its unclear origins inside the computing world, the practice spread in the 1980s and 1990s, when the personal computer became popular and exposed hacker culture to the world. CamelCase then became popular for business names. By 1990, it was very common to see CamelCase used in this way:

During the late 1990s when the internet became far more popular and easily available, the lowercase prefixes "e" (for "electronic") and "i" (for "Internet", "information", "interactive", "intelligent", etc.) became quite common, and we began to see names like Apple's iMac and the eBox computer program.

The original name of the practice, used in media studies, grammars and the "Oxford English Dictionary", was "medial capitals". The fancier names such as "InterCaps", "CamelCase" and other variations are recent and seem more common in computer-related communities.

The earliest known occurrence of the term "InterCaps" on Usenet is in an April 1990 post to the group alt.folklore.computers by Avi Rappoport, with "BiCapitalization" appearing slightly later in a 1991 post by Eric S. Raymond to the same group. The earliest use of the name "CamelCase" occurs in 1995, in a post by Newton Love. ""With the advent of programming languages having these sorts of constructs, the humpiness of the style made me call it HumpyCase at first, before I settled on CamelCase. I had been calling it CamelCase for years,"" said Love, ""The citation above was just the first time I had used the name on USENET.""

The use of medial caps for identifiers is recommended by many organizations and software projects. For some languages (such as Mesa, Pascal, Modula, Java and Microsoft's .NET) CamelCase is recommended by the language developers or by important manuals and has therefore become part of the language's "culture".

Style guidelines often distinguish between upper and lower CamelCase. They usually specify which one should be used for certain kinds of things: variables, record fields, methods, procedures, types, etc. This is sometimes supported by static analysis tools that check source code to make sure it is following these guidelines.

CamelCase is used in some wiki markup languages for terms that should be automatically linked to other wiki pages. This convention was originally used in Ward Cunningham's original wiki software, WikiWikiWeb, and can be activated in most other wikis. Some wiki engines such as TiddlyWiki, Trac and PMWiki use it in the default settings. They also usually provide an option or plugin to disable it. Wikipedia used to use CamelCase linking. However, they have switched to explicit link markup using square brackets and many other wiki sites have done the same. Some wikis that do not use CamelCase linking may still use the CamelCase as a naming convention, such as AboutUs.

The NIEM registry requires that XML data elements use upper CamelCase and XML attributes use lower CamelCase.

Most popular command-line interfaces and scripting languages usually can't handle file names that contain embedded spaces. Because of this, users of those systems often use CamelCase (or underscores, hyphens and other "safe" characters) for compound file names like MyJobResume.pdf.

Microblogging and social networking sites that limit the number of characters in a message (most famously Twitter, where the 140-character limit can be quite restrictive in languages that rely on alphabets, including English) are usually outlets for medial capitals. Using CamelCase between words reduces the number of spaces, and thus the number of characters in a given message. This allows more content to fit into the limited space.

CamelCase has been used in languages other than English for several purposes. Some examples are:

CamelCase is sometimes used in the writing or translation of certain scripts as a way to tell the difference between certain letters or markings. An example is the rendering of Tibetan proper names like "rLobsang": the "r" here stands for a prefix glyph in the original script that functions as tone marker rather than a normal letter. Another example is "tsIurku", a Latin transcription of the Chechen term for the capping stone of the characteristic Medieval defensive towers of Chechenia and Ingushetia; the capital letter "I" here showing a phoneme different from the one transcribed as "i".

CamelCase may also be used when writing proper names in languages that add prefixes to words. In some of those languages, the custom is to leave the prefix in lower case and capitalize the root.

This convention is used in Irish orthography e.g., ("in Galway"), from ("Galway"); ("to Ireland"), from ("Ireland).

Similarly, when translating the Hebrew language, "haIvri" means "the Hebrew person" and "biYerushalayim" means "in Jerusalem".

This convention is also used by several Bantu languages (e.g., "kiSwahili" = "Swahili language", "isiZulu" = "Zulu language") and several indigenous languages of Mexico (e.g. Nahuatl, Totonacan, Mixe–Zoque and some Oto-Manguean languages).

Abbreviations of some academic qualifications are sometimes presented in CamelCase without punctuation, e.g. PhD or BSc.

In French, CamelCase acronyms such as OuLiPo (1960) were favored for a time as alternatives to initialisms (or representing compound words only by the first letter of each word).

CamelCase is often used to transliterate initialisms into alphabets where two letters may be required to represent a single character of the original alphabet, e.g., DShK from Cyrillic ДШК and PPSh from Cyrillic ППШ. 

In Chinese pinyin, CamelCase is sometimes used for place names so that it is easier for readers to pick out the different parts of the word. For example, places like Beijing (北京) and Qinhuangdao (秦皇岛) and Daxing'anling (大兴安岭) can be written as "BeiJing," "QinHuangDao," and "DaXingAnLing," with the number of capital letters being the same as the number of Chinese characters for each word. Writing word compounds only by the initial letter of each character is also acceptable in some cases, so Beijing can be written as "BJ," Qinghuangdao as "QHD," and Daxing'anling as "DXAL". 
In several languages, including English, pronouns and possessives may be capitalized to show respect. For example: when referring to the reader of a formal letter or to God. In some of those languages, the capitalization is retained even when those words occur within compound words or suffixed to a verb. For example, in Italian one would write ("offering to You respectful salutations") or ("adore Him").

In German nouns carry a grammatical gender—which, for roles or job titles, is usually masculine. Since the feminist movement of the 1980s, some writers and publishers have been using the feminine title suffixes "-in" (singular) and "-innen" (plural) to help boost the inclusion of women; but written with a capital 'I', to indicate that males are not excluded. Example: ("co-workers, <nowiki>male or</nowiki> female") instead of ("co-workers", masculine grammatical gender) or ("female co-workers"). This use is analogous to the use of parentheses in English, for example in the phrase "congress(wo)man."

In German, the names of statutes are shortened using embedded capitals. An example would be: StGB (Strafgesetzbuch) for criminal code, PatG (Patentgesetz) for Patent Act or the very common GmbH (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung) for Company with Limited Liability.



Ibrahim Lodi

Ibrahim Lodi (d. 21 April 1526) was the last sultan of Delhi. He was an ethnic Pashtun. He became sultan in 1517 after Sikandar Lodi died. Sikandar was his father and Ibrahim was soon challenged by his younger brother, Jalal Kahn. Ibrahim had military skills. But unlike his father he lacked tact. 

He faced a number of rebellions. The Mewar ruler Rana Sangram Singh extended his empire right up to western Uttar Pradesh and threatened to attack Agra. There was rebellion in the East also. Ibrahim Lodi also displeased the nobility when he replaced old and senior commanders by younger ones who were loyal to him. He further alienated them by throwing some of the older noblemen in prison. His Afghan nobility eventually invited Babur to invade India. In 1526, the Mughal forces of Babur, the king of Kabulistan, defeated Ibrahim's much larger army in the 1st Battle of Panipat. Ibrahim was killed during the battle. It is estimated that Babur's forces numbered around 12,000 men. His army had between 20 to 24 pieces of field artillery. Ibrahim Lodi had around 30,000-40,000 men along with at least 100 war elephants. After Ibrahim Lodi was overthrown, the mughals invaded India.

St Nicholas Day

Saint Nicholas Day is the feast day of Saint Nicholas. It is on December 6 (December 19 in most Orthodox countries). It is a festival for children in many countries around Europe related to surviving legends of Saint Nicholas. The American Santa Claus, as well as the British Father Christmas, are based on these legends. "Santa Claus" is based in part from the Dutch "Sinterklaas".
Saint Nicholas in different countries travels with different people. He may travel with Angels, Krampus, and others.

Julio Velasco

Julio Velasco (born February 9, 1952 in La Plata, Argentina) is a professional volleyball coach from Argentina. He guided the Italian national men's team to several successes in the 1990s. After the 1996 Summer Olympics, where the Italians won silver, he switched to the Italian women's team (1996–1997). In 2011, Velasco was signed as the head coach of the Iran men's national team. He became coach of the Argentina men's national team before his contract expired with the Iranian national team on 1 March 2014. The President of Argentina asked him to take this job. The change was approved by the Iranian volleyball confederation.


Marina Oswald Porter

Marina Nikolayevna Oswald Porter (July 17, 1941) is the widow of Lee Harvey Oswald. According to the Warren Commission he was the sole assassin of U.S. President John F. Kennedy. She married Oswald during his temporary defection to the Soviet Union and emigrated to the United States with him. After the assassination and Oswald's murder, she testified against Oswald during the Warren Commission hearings and remarried two years after.

She was born in Severodvinsk (formerly named Molotovsk), Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia on 17 July 1941. She met Lee Harvey Oswald at a dance in March 1961 in Russia. They were married on April 30 1961. Their daughter, June Lee, was born on February 15, 1962. Later that year the Oswalds moved from Russia to the United States. In Dallas, Marina gave birth to a second daughter, Audrey Marina Rachel Oswald. After the assassination of President Kennedy in 1963, Oswald was arrested. Two days later Oswald was shot and killed by nightclub owner Jack Ruby while still in police custody. Porter was under Secret Service protection until she finished giving testimony before the Warren Commission. She told the commission she believed husband was guilty of shooting President Kennedy on Nov. 22, 1963. In 1965, she married Kenneth Jess Porter. They worked at eluding reporters, who had learned of the engagement, and travelled to Fate to be wed by a justice of the peace. They had one son. In 1989, Porter became a naturalized citizen of the United States. As of 2013, Marina lives in Rockwall, Texas, and generally avoids publicity.

Porter has said that she now believes that Lee Harvey Oswald was completely innocent of the deaths of Kennedy and Tippit. In 1980 she was convinced by conspiracy buffs that the man in Harvey's grave was a Russian spy and not her husband. She still lives with her second husband but in private and is afraid to go out in public. She believes her phones are tapped by the Secret Service. Porter also believes the Secret Service want to kill her. She also expressed her belief that Oswald was the "prayer man", a man seen standing on the Depository front steps in films taken by Dave Wiegman of NBC-TV and Jimmy Darnell of WBAP-TV during the assassination, an unprompted Marina told Ed LeDoux that the “Prayer Man” was Lee. Ed Ledoux rang Marina Oswald after Stan Dane had sent enlargements and a copy of his book "Prayer Man: The Exoneration of Lee Harvey Oswald", in 2018. She volunteered “It’s Lee”. She was not prompted at all. She maintains her belief that Oswald was "prayer man".


Alisohbat Sumbatzade

Alisohbat Sumbat oglu Sumbatzade (8 January 1907, Amirjan, Baku – 1992, Baku) was an Azerbaijani historian and orientalist (and a member of the Academy of Sciences of the Azerbaijani SSR from 1958).

Sumbatzade graduated from the Department of Oriental Studies of Azerbaijan State University in 1929. In 1963 he became director of the Institute of the Peoples of the Near and Middle East of the Academy of Sciences of the Azerbaijan SSR. Sumbatzade's main works are on the socioeconomic history of Azerbaijan in the 19th and 20th centuries.

Aydin Balayev

Aydin Balayev Huseynaga oglu (; 19 November 1956 – 8 December 2021) was an Azerbaijani historian, ethnologist and professor.

Balayev was born on November 19, 1956 in Baku, capital of Azerbaijan. In 1980, he graduated from the Department of History of the Azerbaijan State University and in 1982 he started working at the Archeology and Ethnography Institute of the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences. In 1983-1985, Balayev was a researcher at the Ethnography Department of Moscow State University. From 1985 he continued his doctoral studies at the Ethnography Institute of the USSR Academy of Sciences in Moscow, graduating with a PhD in History in 1988.

Balayev wrote and published many articles on the history of the Azerbaijani independence movement in the 1980s and 1990s, and the Karabakh conflict, in the United States, Great Britain, Germany, France, Canada, Denmark and Russia. In total, Balayev wrote 72 books, 16 of which were published abroad, and 6 monographs.



Don Laws

Don Laws (May 30, 1929 – December 2, 2014) was an American figure skater and coach. Laws competed in single skating and ice dancing. With his ice dancing partner, Mary Firth, he won the U.S. junior title in 1948. Laws was born in Washington, D. C..

In men's singles, he won the 1950 U.S. junior title and placed seventh at the 1951 World Championships in Milan, Italy. He was coached by Osborne Colson.

Laws died of heart failure in Sandy Springs, Maryland, aged 85.

Jean Béliveau

Joseph Jean Arthur Béliveau, (August 31, 1931 – December 2, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played parts of 20 seasons with the National Hockey League's (NHL) Montreal Canadiens from 1950 to 1971. He was nicknamed "Le Gros Bill". 

Béliveau ranks among the ten greatest NHL players. Béliveau first played professionally in the Quebec Major Hockey League (QMHL). He made his NHL debut with the Canadiens in 1950, but chose to remain in the QMHL full-time until 1953.

Béliveau was born in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada. 

By his second season in the NHL, Béliveau was among the top three scorers. He was the fourth player to score 500 goals and the second to score 1,000 points. Béliveau won two Hart Memorial Trophies (1956, 1964) and one Art Ross Memorial Trophy (1956), as well as the inaugural Conn Smythe Trophy (1965). 

As a player, he won the Stanley Cup 10 times, and as an executive he was part of another seven championship teams, the most Stanley Cup victories by an individual to date. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1972.

Béliveau died on December 2, 2014 at the age of 83, in Longueuil, Quebec, Canada, a suburb of Montreal from unknown causes.


Luc Oursel

Luc Oursel, (7 September 1959 – 3 December 2014), was a French businessman. He was the former chairman of the board of the nuclear company Areva and member of its Executive Committee.

He resigned on October 20, 2014 for health reasons. Until June 2013, he was the President of the French Nuclear Energy Corporation.

Lynne Kosky

Lynne Janice Kosky (2 September 1958 – 4 December 2014) was a former Australian politician and senior minister in the Parliament of Victoria. She represented the electoral district of Altona in the Victorian Legislative Assembly for the Australian Labor Party from 1996 to 2010

Kosky died from breast cancer in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, aged 56.


Jacques Barrot

Jacques Barrot (February 3, 1937 – December 3, 2014) was a French politician. He served as European Commissioner for Justice between 2008 and 2010, after having spent four years serving as Commissioner for Transport (2004–2008) and Commissioner for Regional Policy for eight months (2004).

He was also a minister, and mayor of Yssingeaux.


Ian McLagan

Ian Patrick 'Mac' McLagan ; (12 May 1945 – 3 December 2014) was an English keyboard instrumentalist. He was best known as a member of the English Rock bands Small Faces and Faces. He also worked with The Rolling Stones and led his own band from the late 1970s.

McLagan died on 3 December 2014, reportedly due to a massive stroke, in Austin, Texas aged 69.


Herman Badillo

Herman Badillo (August 21, 1929 – December 3, 2014) was an American politician. He was a borough president, United States Representative and candidate for Mayor of New York City. He was the first Puerto Rican to have been elected to these posts and been a mayoral candidate in the continental United States.

Badillo died on December 3, 2014 of congestive heart failure in Manhattan, New York, aged 85.


Walter Reyno

Walter Reyno (13 February 1935 – 3 December 2014) was a Uruguayan actor and theater director. He was known for his roles in "25 Watts", "El ojo en la nuca", and in "El aura". Reyno was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.

Reyno died from respiratory failure in Montevideo, Uruguay, aged 79.

Ed Wynn

Ed Wynn (November 9, 1886 – June 19, 1966) was a popular American comedian and actor. He was known for his role as the Mad Hatter in the 1951 animated movie "Alice in Wonderland". His son, Keenan Wynn, was also an actor.

Wynn died of throat cancer in Beverly Hills, California, aged 79.


Red Skelton

Richard Bernard Eheart (professionally known as Red Skelton) (July 18, 1913 – September 17, 1997) was an American entertainer. He was best known for his national radio and television acts between 1937 and 1971 and as host of the television program "The Red Skelton Show".

Skelton died in Rancho Mirage, California from pneumonia, aged 84.

The Mechanic (1972 movie)

The Mechanic is a 1972 American thriller movie directed by Michael Winner. It stars Charles Bronson, Jan-Michael Vincent, Keenan Wynn, Frank de Kova, Celeste Yarnall and Jill Ireland. It was released to mostly positive reviews on November 17, 1972.

Keenan Wynn

Keenan Wynn (July 27, 1916 – October 14, 1986) was an American character actor. He was born in New York City, New York. He was known for his role in the 1972 thriller movie "The Mechanic".

Wynn died of pancreatic cancer in Los Angeles, California, aged 70.


Frank de Kova

Frank de Kova (March 17, 1910 – October 15, 1981) was an Italian-American character actor. de Kova was born in New York City. He was known for his role as "The Man" in the 1972 thriller movie "The Mechanic".

de Kova died of heart failure at his home in Sepulveda, California, aged 71.


Realpolitik

Realpolitik is a system of politics or principles based on practical, rather than moral or ideological considerations. Realpolitik is the idea that the world is ruthless and you have to act realistically, even if it causes other things to happen that are bad, or decisions have to be made that upset your people.

Ludwig von Rochau was a 19th century writer and politician. He describes it as follows: 

A good example of a realpolitik politician is Henry Kissinger, who helped U.S. Presidents in the 1960s and 1970s to expand the power of the United States and its allies.

Linda Christian

Linda Christian (November 13, 1923 – July 22, 2011) was a Mexican actress. She appeared in Mexican and Hollywood movies. She worked mostly in the 1940s and 1950s. She was the first Bond girl, appearing in the 1954 movie "Casino Royale".

Christian was born Blanca Rose Welter in Tampico, Mexico. She died in Palm Desert, California at age eighty-seven.

Regression toward the mean

Regression toward the mean simply means that, following an extreme random event, the next random event is likely to be less extreme. Regression toward the mean was first described by Francis Galton. He found that offspring of tall parents tended to be shorter. Also, offspring of shorter parents tended to be taller. Galton stated that processes that did not follow regression towards the mean would quickly go out of control.

In 1886, Galton published a paper called "Regression towards mediocrity in hereditary stature". In the paper, he observed that extreme characteristics (e.g., height) in parents are not passed on completely to their offspring. Rather, the characteristics in the offspring "regress" towards a "mediocre" point. Today, this point is called the mean. By measuring the heights of hundreds of people, he was able to quantify regression to the mean, and estimate the size of the effect. Galton wrote that, “the average regression of the offspring is a constant fraction of their respective mid-parental deviations”. This means that the difference between a child and its parents for some characteristic is proportional to its parents' deviation from typical people in the population. If its parents are each two inches taller than the averages for men and women, on average, the child will be shorter than its parents by some factor times two inches. Today, this factor has been calculated to be one minus the regression coefficient. For height, Galton estimated this coefficient to be about two thirds: the height of an individual will measure around a midpoint that is two thirds of the parents’ deviation from the population average.

Galton used the term regression to describe an observable fact in the inheritance of multi-factorial quantitative genetic traits: namely that the offspring of parents who lie at the tails of the distribution will tend to lie closer to the centre, the mean, of the distribution. He quantified this trend, and in doing so invented linear regression analysis. This is the starting point for much of modern statistical modelling. Since then, the term "regression" has taken on different meanings, and it may be used by modern statisticians to describe phenomena of sampling bias which have little to do with Galton's original observations in the field of genetics.

Galton's explanation for the regression phenomenon he observed is now known to be incorrect. He stated: “A child inherits partly from his parents, partly from his ancestors. Speaking generally, the further his genealogy goes back, the more numerous and varied will his ancestry become, until they cease to differ from any equally numerous sample taken at haphazard from the race at large.” This is incorrect, since a child receives its genetic makeup exclusively from its parents. There is no generation-skipping in genetic material: any genetic material from earlier ancestors than the parents must have passed through the parents. The phenomenon is better understood if we assume that the inherited trait (e.g., height) is controlled by a large number of recessive genes. Exceptionally tall individuals must be homozygous for increased height mutations on a large proportion of these loci. But the loci which carry these mutations are not necessarily shared between two tall individuals, and if these individuals mate, their offspring will be on average homozygous for "tall" mutations on fewer loci than either of their parents. In addition, height is not entirely genetically determined, but also subject to environmental influences during development, which make offspring of exceptional parents even more likely to be closer to the average than their parents.

In sharp contrast to this population genetic phenomenon of regression to the mean, which is best thought of as a combination of a binomially distributed process of inheritance (plus normally distributed environmental influences), the term "regression to the mean" is now often used to describe completely different phenomena in which an initial sampling bias may disappear as new, repeated, or larger samples display sample means that are closer to the true underlying population mean.


Promised Land (movie)

Promised Land is a 2012 drama movie. It was directed by Gus Van Sant. It stars Matt Damon, John Krasinski, Frances McDormand, Hal Holbrook and Rosemarie DeWitt. The screenplay is written by Damon and Krasinski based on a story by Dave Eggers. The movie is about two corporate salespeople. They visit a rural town trying to buy drilling rights from local residents. This movie had a limited release in the United States on December 28, 2012. It was released nationwide on January 4, 2013.

Comrade

Comrade is the name given to someone who belongs to the same social group, party or company. It literally means "friend", "colleague", but it also means "ally". The term can refer to someone who has the same beliefs or values. That way, in Communism, people who belong to the Communist Party address each other as "comrade". 

Terms like this avoid using titles, rank or any other sign that one person is better than, or different from, another. 

Giulio Questi

Giulio Questi (18 March 1924 – 3 December 2014) was an Italian movie director and screenwriter. He was known for his roles in "La morte ha fatto l'uovo" and "Django Kill! (If You Live Shoot!)". Questi was born in Bergamo, Lombardy, Italy.

Questi died in Rome, Italy, aged 90.

Sjefke Janssen

Sjefke Janssen (October 28, 1919 – December 3, 2014) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer. He was known for his bronze medal in the Elite race of the 1947 UCI Road World Championships.

Janssen was a professional cyclist from 1946 through 1954. After retiring, he became a cycling team-manager and owned a bicycle shop in Elsloo.

He was born and died in Elsloo. At the time of his death, Janssen was the oldest living Dutch Tour de France racer.

He was the father of Dutch Olympic team dressage coach Sjef Janssen.


V. R. Krishna Iyer

Vaidyanathapura Rama Krishna Iyer (15 November 1914 – 4 December 2014), popularly known as V. R. Krishna Iyer, was an Indian judge in the Supreme Court of India. He was born at Vaidyanathapuram near Palakkad, in Malabar region of Kerala. He served in the Supreme Court from 1973 until his death in 2014.

Iyer died in Kochi, Kerala, India from renal and heart failure, aged 100.

Claudia Emerson

Claudia Emerson (January 13, 1957 – December 4, 2014) was an American poet. She won the 2006 Pulitzer Prize for her poetry collection "Late Wife". She was named the Poet Laureate of Virginia by Governor Tim Kaine in 2008. Emerson was born in Chatham, Virginia.

Emerson died in Richmond, Virginia from colon cancer, aged 57.



