Gershon Kingsley

Gershon Kingsley (born Götz Gustav Ksinski; October 28, 1922 – December 10, 2019) was a German-American composer. His music genre included electronic music and the Moog synthesizer. He was the founder of the First Moog Quartet, as a partner in the electronic music duo Perrey and Kingsley, and writer of rock-inspired compositions for Jewish religious ceremonies.

Because of his Jewish background (his father was Jewish), he moved to Mandatory Palestine in 1938. After the war he moved to the United States.

Kingsley died on December 10, 2019 at the age of 97.


Death Wish (1974 movie)

Death Wish is a 1974 American crime-action movie directed by Michael Winner. It is based on the book "Death Wish". It stars Charles Bronson. It was released on July 24, 1974 to positive reviews. It is the first movie in the "Death Wish movie series". A remake was released in March 2018.

Death Wish II

Death Wish II is a 1982 American crime-action movie directed by Michael Winner. It stars Charles Bronson and Jill Ireland. It received mixed reviews. It was released on February 20, 1982.

Death Wish 3

Death Wish 3 is a 1985 American crime-action movie directed by Michael Winner. It stars Charles Bronson, Deborah Raffin, Ed Lauter, and Martin Balsam. It was released to mixed reviews on November 1, 1985.

Death Wish 4: The Crackdown

Death Wish 4: The Crackdown is a 1987 Americans crime-action movie directed by J. Lee Thompson. It stars Charles Bronson. It is the first "Death Wish" movie that wasn't directed by Michael Winner. It received mixed reviews on November 6, 1987.

Death Wish V: The Face of Death

Death Wish V: The Face of Death is a 1994 American crime-action movie directed by Allan A. Goldstein. It stars Charles Bronson. It was the last movie in the "Death Wish movie series". It was released to mixed reviews on January 14, 1994.

The Barry Sisters

Minnie (1923 – October 31, 1976) and Clara Bagelman (October 17, 1920 – November 22, 2014), also known as by the stage names Merna and Claire Barry, or The Barry Sisters, were popular American jazz entertainers. They worked from the 1940s to the 1970s. 

Minnie and Clara were born in Bronx, New York. Merna Barry died from a brain tumor, age 54. Clara died at age 94.


Pleurisy

Pleurisy (also known as pleuritis) is an inflammation of the pleura, the lining surrounding the lungs. There are many possible causes of pleurisy but viral infections spreading from the lungs to pleural cavity are the most common. Pleurisy can cause sharp pain when breathing, also called pleuritic chest pain. 

Rita Reys

Rita Reys (21 December 1924 – 28 July 2013) was a jazz singer from the Netherlands. In 1960, she was given the title "Europe's first lady of jazz". She sang jazz and bossa nova.

Reys was born in Rotterdam. She died in Breukelen at age eighty-eight.


Play On

Play On is the third studio album by American country music singer Carrie Underwood. The album was released on November 3, 2009 through Arista Nashville.

Infinity (Journey album)

Infinity is the fourth studio album by Journey. The album was released in 1978 and was the first to feature Steve Perry. It peaked at number 21 in the United States.

Evolution (Journey album)

Evolution is the fifth studio album by Journey. The album was released on April 5, 1979 and features their first top 20 hit Lovin', Touchin', Squeezin'.

Regina Resnik

Regina Resnik (August 30, 1922 – August 8, 2013) was an American mezzo-soprano opera singer. She sang on many stages in the United States. She was known for performing in "Il trovatore", "La Gioconda", and in "Aida".

She was born in The Bronx, New York. She died at age ninety.


Stiff Upper Lip (album)

Stiff Upper Lip is the fourteenth studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. The album was released on February 28, 2000. It was the group's first studio album of new material in 5 years.


Their Satanic Majesties Request

Their Satanic Majesties Request is the eighth American studio album and sixth British studio album by The Rolling Stones. Decca Records and London Records released it on December 8, 1967. It is their first album to be released the same way in the United States and the United Kingdom.

The band made psychedelic music for the album. The band produced the album. Andrew Loog Oldham did not work with the band for the album. The band recorded the album from February 1967 to October 1967. Many members of the band used drugs while recording the album.

"Their Satanic Majesties Request" got good and bad reviews from music critics. Some people thought the album copied the Beatles album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". After the album was released, the Rolling Stones went back to making blues music.

David Steel

David Martin Scott Steel, Baron Steel of Aikwood (born 31 March 1938) is a British retired Liberal politician. 

Steel served as the Leader of the Liberal Party from 1976 until its merger with the Social Democratic Party in 1988 to form the Liberal Democrats. He served as a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1965 to 1997 and as a Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) from 1999 to 2003.

Mathieu Kérékou

Mathieu Kérékou, (2 September 1933 – 14 October 2015) was a Beninese politician. He was President of Benin from 1972 to 1991 and again from 1996 to 2006.

After seizing power in a military coup, he ruled the country for 17 years. He was defeated in the 1991 presidential election, but was returned to the presidency in the 1996 election and controversially re-elected in 2001.

Hull Fair

Hull Fair is one of Europe's largest traveling fairs. In 1993 the fair celebrated its 700th anniversary.

It comes to Hull, England for one week. The fair opens on the Friday closest to 11 October each year. During this time the fair is open every day except Sunday. Unlike small local fairs, Hull Fair attracts rides, attractions and travellers from a wide variety of different regions from around the country. the fair is opened by the Lord Mayor of Hull on the opening evening, normally at 5 pm. It first opened from 9 to 23 March 1278.

In 1752 when the calendar changed in Great Britain, 11 days were lost. Wednesday, 2 September 1752 was followed by Thursday, 14 September 1752. The people of Hull believed this took away their fair. Angry mobs shouted “Give us back our eleven days”. The outraged citizens were given their wish. Even since then, October 11th, or the Friday closest to it, became the fair's starting date.

Escape (Journey album)

Escape is the seventh studio album by the American rock band Journey. The album was released on July 31, 1981. It was the group's fourth studio album with vocalist Steve Perry. 


Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani

Emir Sheikh Khalifa bin Hamad bin Abdullah bin Jassim bin Muhammed Al Thani (17 September 1932 – 23 October 2016; Arabic خليفة بن حمد آل ثاني) was the Emir of Qatar from 27 February 1972 until he was deposed by his son Hamad bin Khalifa on 27 June 1995.

Khalifa died at the age of 84 on 23 October 2016 in Doha, Qatar after being hospitalized for a week.

Jackie Healy-Rae

Jackie Healy-Rae (9 March 1931 – 5 December 2014) was an Irish politician. He served as an Independent Teachta Dála (TD) for the Kerry South constituency from 1997 to 2011.

Healy-Rae was born in County Kerry, Irish Free State. He died on 5 December 2014 at Kerry General Hospital in Tralee, County Kerry after a long illness, aged 83.

Manuel De Sica

Manuel De Sica (24 February 1949 – 5 December 2014) was an Italian composer. He was born in Rome, Italy. In 1993, De Sica won the Nastro d'Argento for Best Score for Carlo Verdone's "Al lupo, al lupo". In 1996 he won the David di Donatello for Best Score for Carlo Lizzani's "Celluloide". In 2005 he was honored with the title of Commendatore of the Italian Republic.

Sica died of a heart attack in Rome on 5 December 2014, aged 65.


Fabiola of Belgium

Queen Fabiola of Belgium (born "Doña" Fabiola de Mora y Aragón; 11 June 1928 – 5 December 2014) was the widow of King Baudouin. She was queen consort for 33 years, between her wedding in 1960 and her husband's death in 1993. The couple did not have children. When he died, the crown passed to her his younger brother, King Albert II.

On 5 December 2014, the Belgian Royal Palace announced Queen Fabiola had died that evening at Stuyvenbergh Castle in Laeken, Belgium, aged 86.


Republic of Molossia

Molossia, also known as the self-proclaimed Republic of Molossia, is a prominent micronation, founded by his excellency Kevin Baugh and headquartered in his home near Dayton, Nevada. Baugh has also been the president since 3 September 1999. 
Before holding this office Baugh was prime minister of Vuldstein, Edelstein, and Zaria from 1977 to 1999. He changed Molossia from a monarchy to a republic.

Molossia is made up of Baugh's house (known as the Government House), about in size, as well as of surrounding property, enclaved by Nevada. It formerly claimed a property in Pennsylvania as well. According to author John Ryan, Molossia is "a hobby that has been pushed to the nth degree." Originally established as a childhood project in 1977, Molossia subsequently evolved into a territorial entity in the late 1990s.

The name "Molossia" is derived from the Spanish word "morro" which means "small rocky hill". Baugh has stated that the ancient Greek tribe of Molossians is unrelated.


Gay and Lesbian Kingdom of the Coral Sea Islands

The Gay and Lesbian Kingdom of the Coral Sea Islands was a micronation created as a symbolic political protest by a group of gay rights activists based in southeast Queensland, Australia. Declared in 2004 in response to the Australian government's refusal to recognise same-sex marriages. It is near the islets on the Great Barrier Reef. It is an expression of queer nationalism.

As of 17 November 2017, the Kingdom was dissolved, per the decision made by the Australian people to legalize gay marriage.

Dick Wilson

Dick Wilson, born Riccardo Di Guglielmo (30 July 1916 – 19 November 2007), was a British-Canadian character actor. He was known for playing grocery store manager Mr. (George) Whipple in over 500 Charmin toilet paper television commercials (1965–1989, 1999-2000).

Wilson was raised in Hamilton, Ontario. He died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California, aged 91.


Pedro Lascuráin

Pedro José Domingo de la Calzada Manuel María Lascuráin Paredes (8 May 1856 – 21 July 1952) was a Mexican politician.

He served as the 38th President of Mexico. He served as president for less than one hour on February 19, 1913. It is the shortest presidency in the history of the world. He had earlier served as Mexico's foreign minister for two terms and was the director of a small law school in Mexico City for sixteen years.

Lascuráin was born in Mexico City, Mexico.

Before becoming president, Lascuráin was mayor of Mexico City. On 19 February 1913, General Victoriano Huerta overthrew President Madero. Lascuráin was one of the people who convinced Madero to resign the presidency while he was being held prisoner in the National Palace. He claimed that his life was in danger if he refused.

Under the Constitution of Mexico, the vice-president, the attorney general, the foreign minister and then the interior minister stood next in line to the presidency. As well as Madero, Huerta had overthrown Vice-President José María Pino Suárez and Attorney General Adolfo Valles Baca.

Lascuráin, as foreign minister, assumed the presidency. Lascuráin was president for less than an hour; sources quote figures ranging from 15 to 56 minutes. To date, Lascuráin's presidency is the shortest in history, even briefer than that of Venezuelan politician Diosdado Cabello in 2002.

Lascuráin died in Mexico City from natural causes, aged 96 years old.


Alma Cogan

Alma Cogan (19 May 1932 – 26 October 1966) was an English singer of traditional pop in the 1950s and early 1960s. She was called "the girl with the giggle in her voice". One of her hit songs was "Sugartime". It was released in 1958 alongside The McGuire Sisters' version.

Cogan was born in the East End of London, England. She died after ovarian cancer at age thirty-four.


Typhoon Hagupit (2014)

Typhoon Hagupit (called Typhoon Ruby in the Philippines) was a strong tropical cyclone in the western Pacific Ocean. The storm headed towards the Philippines.

Storm warnings and notices were up for the Philippines because of this typhoon.

Hagupit became a tropical storm on December 1, 2014. It became a typhoon the next day.

.NET Framework

.NET Framework (pronounced dot net) is a product of Microsoft. It is a programming framework used by Software applications in order to run. It has two major parts: the Common Language Runtime (CLR) and the .NET Framework Class Library. The CLR is an execution engine used to handle running programs. The class library provides a library of reusable code that applications can use. These are designed to greatly simplify the development of larger applications. .NET Framework supports Object-oriented programming (OOP). Everything in .NET is contained in an object. It also greatly simplifies Windows programming.

Often, a program will ask for a particular version of .NET Framework to be installed (see below). It is usually recommended to install the latest version your operating system (OS) will support. This is because of backward compatibility; the newer version will also support older versions. 

Visual Studio is the major development tool for .NET Framework. Visual Studio 2013 Community Edition is the first full-featured edition for personal development. It also has compilers for computer programming languages such as C++ and others.

Physical Address Extension

In computing, Physical Address Extension (PAE) is a processor feature to enable 32-bit IA-32 central processing units (CPUs) to access physical address space larger than 4 gigabytes by extending the paging schema . It allows up to 64 gigabytes of system memory to be addressed by a 32-bit processor. 

PAE was first introduced with the Intel 32-bit processor Pentium Pro. Since then it has been a feature on all Intel processors except some Pentium M mobile processors. Athlon or K7 is the first processor from AMD supported PAE. Now all AMD processors support PAE. In addition to processor support, PAE requires the operating system (OS) to support it. Windows 2000 was the first OS to support PAE.

Nested Paging

In computing, paging is the idea, to have a table that maps virtual addresses of small pieces of memory (called pages) to real adresses of pages. Some of the addresses point to locations in memory, other point to locations on disk. The page is loaded into memory, when it is accessed. Operating systems have done this for a long time. Nowadays, computers are also used for virtualization, that a guest operating system is run on another operating system. Such virtualized operating systems are not aware that they run in a virtual environment. Software on the host operating system needs to simulate most of the hardware. Nested Paging, or Second Level Address Translation is the name for a number of technologies that allow the processor to do some of the management of these virtual page tables in hardware. AMD first introduced nested paging. Intel later supported by it as well. Some of their processors support the technology.

AMD RVI:

AMD 10h and later

Intel EPT: 

Intel Nehalem and later

Jasper County (album)

Jasper County is the ninth studio album by Trisha Yearwood. The album was released on September 13, 2005. It was her first studio album in 4 years. The album was also the return of producer Garth Fundis who produced her "Greatest hits" album. It was ninth and final studio album of label MCA Nashville Records.

Land transport

Land transport or Land transportation is the movement of people, animals, and goods from one location to another on land. Today this is usually by rail or road transport. 

Early civilizations utilized human power to move goods. The ancient Greeks preferred to travel and move goods by sea. But they did have a respectable road system to move heavy loads by cart. The Romans built all-weather roads throughout the Roman Empire. They were an improvement over Etruscan roads. They were to allow the rapid movement of troops and military supplies. It was also important for trade and the transport of goods. Roman roads were well drained, relatively smooth and straight wherever possible. The Romans built bridges to cross water and causeways to cross marshes. They were well built but needed constant maintenance.

By the 16th century roads were used by coaches (public transport) and heavy wagons. Wagon building became an important business. Special horses were bred to pull the heavy loads. For longer distances, teams of horses were changed several times as they became tired. Inns sprang up in countries like England to take care of travelers. But the heavy traffic of large wagons and coaches were making roads difficult to maintain. 

In the 20th century motor cars and trucks became the main traffic of roads. A new kind of Controlled-access highway was invented for them. 

The early 18th century saw the use of plateways, trams and horse drawn rail cars. In the 19th century the steam engine in locomotives moved entire trains of rail cars. Rail transport across countries and continents became relatively cheap.

Lisa Ajax

"Lisa" Kristina Ajax, born 13 August 1998 in Järfälla, Sweden, is a Swedish female singer. She participated at Idol 2014 contest. She won the entire contest. On 28 November 2014, she made it to the Idol finals inside the Stockholm Globe Arena. Her recording of the song "Love Run Free" has reached the 48th position at Itunes during its first week at chart. 

On 5 December 2014, she won the Idol finals inside the Stockholm Globe Arena before runner up Mollie Lindén.

She also participated at Lilla Melodifestivalen 2012 with the song "Allt som jag har".

Intercalation (timekeeping)

Calendars are commonly based on the rotation of celestial bodies, such as the sun or the moon. These calendars periodically add a certain time unit, to make the calendar follow the rotation more closely, which is known as intercalation. As an example, the solar year is about 365,25 days long. The Gregorian calendar says that the year has 365 days, but that roughly every four years, an extra day is added. 

Another example is the Jewish calendar, which is a lunisolar calendar. In addition to the 365,25 days of the solar year, there are the 29.5 days in a lunar month. This gives the problem that the year does not have twelve months, but about 12.4 months. The calendar solves this problem by adding an extra month in certain cases.

List of Tekken characters

List of Tekken Characters









Numbers station

A Numbers station is a kind of shortwave radio station with unusual broadcasts: very often, these broadcasts consist of numbers that are read by computer-generated voices. Several of these stations exist, numbers are read in different languages. Some stations have operated for a period of more than ten years, using the same frequency. 

The purpose of the stations is unknown, along with who operates them. One supposition is that governments use them to communicate with secret agents or spies. As receiving the messages is relatively simple, the agent only needs a world radio receiver. 

Dale Crover

Dale Crover (born October 23, 1967) is an American musician. He is best known as the drummer for the band, Melvins. Crover has also played the bands Men of Porn, Shrinebuilder, and Nirvana. He is the current vocalist and guitarist for the band Altamont.

After Mike Dillard left Melvins, the band brought Crover in to drum for them. He was recruited out of an Iron Maiden cover band. In late 1985, Crover formed the band Fecal Matter with Kurt Cobain and Greg Hokanson. Hokanson would later leave the band. After he left, Cobain and Crover decided to record "Illiteracy Will Prevail" on a 4-track in December 1985 at Cobain's aunt's home in Seattle, Washington. The band would break up in 1986.

Crover would end up drumming on Nirvana's ten-song demo that was recorded on January 23, 1988 at Reciprocal Recording Studios in Seattle. He played a 14-song show with Nirvana in Tacoma, Washington, the night of the demo session. Three of the cuts from the show "Downer", "Floyd the Barber" and "Raunchola/Moby Dick" would appear on the 2004 box set, "With the Lights Out". Crover would relocate to San Francisco, California along with Melvins' bandmate Buzz Osborne later in 1988. During Nirvana's west coast tour with Sonic Youth in August 1990, he rejoined the band.

Gina Carano

Gina Carano (born April 16, 1982) is an American actress, television personality and mixed martial artist. She played Riley Hicks in "Fast & Furious 6". She also played Mallory in the movie "Haywire". She also played Cara Dune in The Mandalorian, before being fired for tweets that compared Cancel Culture and the Holocaust which some people thought was Anti-semitic. She was then hired at The Daily Wire. At the Daily Wire, she made her own movie called Terror on the Prairie. 

Carano was born in Dallas County, Texas.

Communications receiver

A communications receiver is a radio receiver which is specially suited for receiving shortwave radio stations. Unlike other radio stations, shortwave stations are usually broadcast from one sender only. They can then be received all over the world. The upper class communications receivers are also able to receive differently modulated radio signals, such as single-sideband modulation. 

Loop antenna

A loop antenna is a radio antenna consisting of at least one loop of wire, tubing, or other electrical conductor with its ends connected to a balanced transmission line. Within this physical description two different antenna designs are common: the small loop (or "magnetic loop") with a size much smaller than a wavelength, and the resonant loop antenna with a circumference approximately equal to the wavelength.

Small loops have a poor efficiency and are mainly used as receiving antennas at low frequencies. Except for car radios, almost every AM broadcast receiver sold has such an antenna built in or directly attached to it. These antennas are also used for radio direction finding. In amateur radio, loop antennas can be used where larger antennas would be inconvenient, unsightly, or banned because of size. Loop antennas are relatively easy to build.

A small loop antenna, also known as a magnetic loop, generally has a circumference of less than one tenth of a wavelength, in which case there will be a relatively constant current distribution along the conductor. As the frequency or the size is increased, a standing wave starts to develop in the current, and the antenna starts to acquire some of the characteristics of a resonant loop (but is not resonant); for this reason, these intermediate cases cannot be analyzed using the concepts developed for the small and resonant loop antennas described below. 

Resonant loop antennas are relatively large, governed by the intended wavelength of operation. Thus they are typically used at higher frequencies, especially VHF and UHF, where their size is manageable. They can be viewed as a folded dipole deformed into a different shape, and have rather similar characteristics such as a high radiation efficiency.

Wellfleet, Massachusetts

Wellfleet is a town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States. It is located halfway between the "tip" and "elbow" of Cape Cod. The town had a population of 3,566 at the 2020 census. The population grows to five times the normal during the summer. Much of the town's land area is in wetlands protection. Nearly half of it is part of the Cape Cod National Seashore. Wellfleet is famous for its oysters, which are celebrated in the annual October Wellfleet OysterFest.

Nils Börge Gårdh

Nils Börge Gårdh, born 20 February 1946 in Falun, Sweden is a Swedish Christian singer and businessman. His major solo hit was "Jag längtar bort". It charted at the top 10-chart Svensktoppen for 10 weeks in 1982. He also works for the Hoppets stjärna charity organization.



Night of Champions (2012)

Night of Champions was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on September 16, 2012 at TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. It was the fifth WWE Night of Champions event held by the WWE. 

The main event was a match between WWE Champion CM Punk and John Cena. The end of match saw Cena place Punk on the top rope and hit a bridging German suplex for the pin. The referee declared that both men had their shoulders on the mat for three seconds and ended the match in a draw.


Armageddon (1999)

Armageddon (1999) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation. It was held on December 12, 1999 at National Car Rental Center in Sunrise, Florida. It was the first Armageddon event held by the WWF.

The main event saw Triple H defeat Vince McMahon in a No Holds Barred match. Triple H won the match by pinning Vince after he hit McMahon with a sledgehammer, when Vince's daughter and Triple H's (kayfabe, at that time) wife Stephanie McMahon had turned on Vince by giving the sledgehammer to Triple H.


Armageddon (2000)

Armageddon (2000) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on December 10, 2000 at Birmingham-Jefferson Civic Center in Birmingham, Alabama. It was the second Armageddon event held by the WWF. It was the only WWF pay-per-view event to be held in the state of Alabama.

The main event was a six-man Hell in a Cell for Kurt Angle's WWF Championship. Kurt Angle defeated Stone Cold Steve Austin, Triple H, The Undertaker, Rikishi, and The Rock to retain his championship.


Armageddon (2002)

Armageddon (2002) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on December 15, 2002 at Office Depot Center in Sunrise, Florida. It was the third Armageddon event held by the WWE.

The main match for the "Raw" brand saw Triple H defeat Shawn Michaels in a Three Stages of Hell match for the World Heavyweight Championship. The first match was a Street Fight, which Triple H won after performing a Pedigree on Michaels and pinning him. The second match was a Steel cage match, which Michaels was able to win by pinfall after he jumped off the top of the steel cage onto Triple H and through a table. The third and final match was a Ladder match, which Triple H won after he climbed up a ladder and grabbed the belt which was suspended above the ring.

The main event for "SmackDown!" saw Kurt Angle defeat The Big Show to retain his WWE Championship. Angle pinned Big Show after Brock Lesnar interfered. Another match that was on the undercard saw Chris Benoit defeat Eddie Guerrero in a submission match. Benoit made Guerrero tap out to the Crippler Crossface.


Phaedra (mythology)

Phaedra is the daughter of Minos and Pasiphaë in Greek mythology. She is also the wife of Theseus, the sister of Ariadne and the mother of Demophon of Athens and of Acamas. Phaedra's name comes from a Greek word, which means "bright". 

There are many versions of the story of Phaedra. One is about murder and revenge.

Summer Wine

"Summer Wine" is a seductive ballad. It was originally sung by Suzi Jane Hokom and Lee Hazlewood in 1966. It was made famous when released by Nancy Sinatra and Lee Hazlewood in 1967.

The song is about a man who meets a woman who notices his silver spurs. She invites him to have wine with her.

The song was recorded by other musicians since it was first played. 

Somethin' Stupid

"Somethin' Stupid" is a ballad written by C. Carson Parks.

It was recorded in 1966 by Parks and his wife Gaile Foote. The song is best known for being recorded by Frank Sinatra and his daughter Nancy. The Sinatras' version became popular as it spent four weeks at the #1 spot on the "Billboard" Hot 100. 

The song was also recorded by Tammy Wynette, The Lennon Sisters, Marvin Gaye, Robbie Williams and Nicole Kidman and many others.


Oden

Oden (おでん, or 関東煮) is one of the Japanese stewing food. Oden contains a lot of ingredients in seasoned soup. Ingredients and soup are different by area, and shop. Recently, Oden is also sold at convenience stores.

Popular ingredients

Tonjiru

Tonjiru is a Japanese soup. This soup is cooked to boil miso, potatoes, carrots, burdocks and pork. However, it is rare for Japanese people to use pork. Tonjiru is usually eaten warm, so it is popular during the winter. 

The recipe consists of vegetables boiled in a soup stock flavored with miso. After the cooking is finished, the soup is then topped off with cut green onions.

Tonjiru probably originated from the Meiji era. During the Asuka era, the Imperial court banned people from eating meat. Boar meats however were not banned, and so they ate it as a Botannnabe. Therefore, it is said that Tonjiru is based on Botannnabe.


1. Soup Dictionary
2. Hanamaru Market 

Rice cracker

A Rice cracker is a Japanese snack made from rice. The traditional rice crackers are called " and . Depending on type, they are made from glutenous or non-glutenous rice.

Crackers made from glutenous rice are called "arare" or "okaki". They have a soft texture and easily dissolve in the mouth. Senbei are crackers made from non-glutinous rice and are hard with a coarse texture. Arare rice crackers are often coated with spices, soy sauce or other flavorings. 

Rice crackers have a very old history. They originated during the time of the Han Dynasty (). The first "Senbei" description is in 737. It was a mixture of flour and rice cooked in oil. The first modern rice cracker is called "Soka Senbei". 

Three Great Gardens of Japan

Three Great Gardens of Japan are gardens which are considered to be the 3 most beautiful gardens in japan as well as the most superior examples of expressing Japanese aesthetic traditions through its scenery in Japan. The gardens are Kenroku-en, Koairaku-en and Kouraku-en.

Kenroku-en Garden (兼六園) is in Kanazawa city, Ishikawa prefecture. Before Meiji era, Kenroku-en Garden was known among Feudal lords but since then it was available to the public. 

Kenroku-en means "garden which combines six characteristics". The six aspects considered important in the notion of an ideal gardens: spaciousness, serenity, venerability, scenic views, subtle design, and coolness. It is designation natural beauty spot (日本指定名勝).

Kairaku-en Garden (偕楽園) is Japanese garden which is in Mito in Ibaraki prefecture. The park opened in 1842. There are about 100 different types of plum trees there. And total number of plum trees is 3000. Not only the plum but also a cherry tree and the colored leaves are beautiful.

Kouraku-en Garden (後楽園) is a Japanese garden in Okayama city in Okayama prefecture. During the Edo period, people could only entered Kouraku-en Garden with permission of the daimyo. Now people can enter Kouraku-en Garden with admission fees.


Hatsumoude

Hatsumoude is the first visit of the new year to a shrine or temple. Many Japanese people visit a shrine or temple. They pray to gods or Buddha for the health and happiness of their family in the coming year. A Hatsumoude is usually performed between January 1st and 7th, which is based on ancient beliefs.

You should clean your body before you pray. "Chozuya" is cleaning your body.
(You can't draw water into a ladle twice, so you must finish all the cleaning with one ladle of water.)


Originally, hatsumoude had been called "toshigomori". It was a custom that the head of family stay in the shrine from night on New Year Eve to morning on New Year's Day for prayer. In Meiji period, toshigomori had divided into "jyoyamoude" that was done at night on New Year's Eve. Also "ganjitsumoude" that was done in morning on New Year's Day. So "ganjitsumoude" is the original form of today's hatsumoude.

Steal This Album!

Steal This Album! is the first internet album by System of a Down. The album was released on November 26, 2002.

Kei Nishikori

Kei Nishikori (born on December 29, 1989) is a Japanese professional tennis player. He is from Matsue in Shimane. He graduated from Nogi elementary school, Kaisei junior high school, and Aomori-yamada high school. He is right-handed.

In September 2014, Nishikori was the US Open first runner-up. He participated in the ATP World Tour Final in 2014. His career-high ATP Ranking is 4th in the world.

He began tennis when he was five years old. He has achieved a national Triple Crown at 11 years old and he was trained in the United States from 13 years old. He turned professional when he was 17 years old and he won his first professional tournament at 18 years old. He injured his elbow in 2009, but he returned the following year. As of August 2015, he is ranked number 4 in the world.

Omamori

There are many types of Omamori.


Sutoku

He struggled with Goshirakawa-Tenno (his brother) for political leadership. This political battle is called Hogen no Ran. He was defeated and was banished to Sanuki.

After Sotoku's abdication and exile, he devoted himself to a monastic life. He copied numerous scriptures and offered them to the court. Fearing that the scriptures were cursed, the court refused to accept them. Snubbed, Sotoku was said to have resented the court and, upon his death, became an onryō. Everything from the fall in fortune of the Imperial court, the rise of the samurai powers, droughts and internal unrests were blamed on his haunting.

Other legends say he changed into an Ootengu (greater tengu). Along with nurarihyon, the nine-tailed kitsune Tamamo-no-Mae and the oni Shuten-dōji, they are often called the four greatest yōkai of Japan.

Funassyi

Funassyi (pronounced "Funasshi") is an unofficial mascot of Funabashi City, Japan. He is a rock-star in a pear costume. Funassyi's main purpose is to promote Funabashi City. He is a singer, dancer, and a talking pear. He was a mascot which a Funabashi resident started. Now Funassyi is a famous yuru-chara (a category of mascot characters) of Japan. However, Funabashi City has not yet approved him as an official mascot.

He talks in high-pitched falsetto voice. He shouts "Nasshi" at the end of his sentences. He often says "Hyahha-" in a strange voice. 


Kumamoto-Castle

Kumamoto Castle is one of the most famous Japanese castles. There are a lot of ginkgo trees, so some people call it Ginkgo Castle.

Kumamoto Castle was completed by Kato Kiyomasa in 1607. He was the first lord of the castle. After that, the lord of the castle was Hosokawa tribe for 240 years. In 1877, Kumamoto Castle was almost destroyed by the effect of Satsuma Rebellion. In 1960, the tower was repaired.

The outer stone wall of Kumamoto Castle has particular structure. It is called Mushagaeshi. It can prevent enemies from climbing stone walls because it curves out at the top.

Tango in the Night

Tango in the Night is the 14th studio album by British American band Fleetwood Mac. It was released on 13 April, 1987 through Warner Bros. and went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and Sweden, number 7 in the United States and Switzerland, number 2 in the Netherlands and Germany and number 9 in New Zealand.

Cookpad

Cookpad is the largest Internet recipe site in Japan. It was started in 1997 by the Cookpad company. They have a database of over 1.5 million recipes. Members can add their recipe in Cookpad. Other Cookpad users can make comments about recipes they have tried. Recipes are categorized. Users can look for the recipe they want to know. They are also able to look for popular recipes and search by seasonal keywords.

Now, 96.5% of cookpad users are women and 75.3 of them are married. Cookpad opened the recipe site in English, Spanish, Indonesian and Arabic. In Japan, premium members are increasing steadily and sales of smartphone advertising is going up steadily. Cookpad recently purchased Shahiya.com in Lebanon for $13.5 million. Shahiya has over 3 million monthly users, 90% of whom are women. Shahiya serves over 1 million users a month in Saudi Arabia alone.

Corn Laws

The Corn Laws were a series of British laws regarding taxes on corn. These laws were passed in the 1800s. The laws were passed to favor and protect British land owners. Lord Liverpool passed them in 1815: If the price for corn was below 80 shillings per quarter, importing corn was forbidden; if the price was above, there were no import taxes. In 1822 and 1828, there were small changes. The laws caused many protests, and they were phased out under the government of Robert Peel, in 1846. Despite this, over one million people starved in Ireland, between 1846 and 1849. This famine is known as Irish Potato Famine today. 

Economists, such as David Ricardo were against the Corn Laws. Ricardo believed that overall, protectionism made corn too expensive for the economy as a whole. He also believed that with the laws, the protection of agriculture was too big. He wrote about these ideas in his work called "On the Principles of Political Economy and Taxation "from 1817". "Thomas Malthus was in favor of the laws; in his opinion, they helped the agriculture of the country, and would not lead to the country depending on others. 

Fugitive Among Us

Fugitive Among Us is a 1992 American crime drama television movie. It was directed by Michael Toshiyuki Uno. It was shown on CBS.

The movie was filmed in Dallas, Texas. It is based on the true story from the nonfiction book "And Deliver Us From Evil".

A policeman is obsessed to convict a rape suspect.



Arbaeen

Arbaeen (, "forty"), Chehelom (, , "the fortieth [day]") or Qirkhi, Imamin Qirkhi (, "the fortieth of Imam") is a Shia Muslim religious observance that occurs forty days after the Day of Ashura. It honors the martyrdom of Husayn ibn Ali, the grandson of Muhammad. Imam Husayn ibn Ali and 72 companions were killed by Yazid I's army in the Battle of Karbala in 61 AH (680 CE). Arbaeen or forty days is also the usual length of mourning in many Muslim traditions. Arbaeen is one of the largest pilgrimage gatherings on Earth. Millions of people go to the city of Karbala in Iraq. The pilgrims include Shia, Sunnis, Christians, Yazidi and other faiths.

Artur Erikson

Artur Eriksson, born 5 March 1918 in Skutskär, Sweden, dead 5 August 2000 in Gagnef, Sweden, was a Swedish singer and preacher. He was active within the Mission Covenant Church of Sweden. Except for Christian songs, he also sang songs were Dan Andersson's poems had been set to music. A major succes was "Till min syster", which charted at the top 10-chart Svensktoppen for 12 weeks in 1970.

Northwich

Northwich is a town and civil parish in the county of Cheshire, England. The town is about east of Chester and south of Warrington. Northwich has been named as one of the best places to live in the UK according to the Sunday Times in 2014. The town also made the list in 2013.

The area around Northwich has been famous for its salt since Roman times. Then the town was known as Condate. Mines dug under Northwich began collapsing in the late 19th century. Buildings began to disappear as they sank into the mines below. Several of the deep mines have since been filled in under a £28 million project finished in 2007.

X64

x86-64 is the general name of a series of 64-bit processors and their associated instruction set architecture. These processors are compatible with legacy x86 software. 

AMD and Intel are the major manufacturers, and VIA also supported it with VIA Nano processors. They call their own 64-bit processors AMD64, Intel64 and VIA x86-64 processors, respectively. Game consoles such as Microsoft Xbox One and Sony PlayStation 4 use their own semi-customized AMD64-based APU as main processors.

x64 is another name used to refer to 64-bit extended systems based on this kind of processors. People often use "x64" to refer to its associated instruction set architecture and processor. 





















VIA Nano

Windows XP Professional x64

Windows Vista/7/8/8.1/10 x64

Windows 11 (Only x64)

Mac OS X 10.4.7 and later

Solaris 10 and later

Linux 2.4.x and later

Wilfred Grenfell

Sir Wilfred Thomason Grenfell, KCMG (28 February 1865 – 9 October 1940) was a doctor and medical missionary to Newfoundland and Labrador. In 1892 Grenfell was sent to Newfoundland. He brought the first medical services to Newfoundland and Northern Labrador. In addition to practicing medicine, Dr. Grenfell built hospitals, schools and orphanages. These served the Eskimos, natives and fishermen of Newfoundland. For his years of service to the people of these communities he was later knighted (Order of St Michael and St George). 

The Sir Wilfred Thomason Grenfell Historical Society was formed in 1978. The society purchased Grenfell's home in St. Anthony, Newfoundland and Labrador. The home has been restored as a museum and archives.

Sven Plex Petersson

Sven Plex Petersson, born 7 August 1926 in Lit, Sweden, dead 25 June 2011 in Lidingö, Sweden was a Swedish sports journalist. He was active for Sveriges Radio and Sveriges Television. He was employed by Sveriges Radio in 1957.

Lars-Gunnar Björklund

Lars-Gunnar Björklund (24 February 1937, Stockholm, Sweden – 30 November 2012 in Sankt Matteus Parish, Stockholm, Sweden) was a Swedish radio and TV journalist. He was famous as a sports reporter. He was especially famous for reporting from Vasaloppet and the Ice Hockey World Championships.

Ann-Britt Ryd Pettersson

Ann-Britt Ryd Pettersson, born 19 March 1954, is a Swedish news reporter at Sveriges Television. She began working for SR Blekinge by the late 1970s. She then became host for regional news program "Östnytt". In 1980, she became first female employee by the SVT sports section.

She was awarded the special prize during the 2018 Kristallen Awards.

Something's Gotta Give (movie)

Something's Gotta Give is a 2003 American romantic comedy-drama movie. This movie is about a man and woman finding love later in life. Jack Nicholson plays Harry Sanborn. Diane Keaton plays Erica. Amanda Peet plays Marin. Frances McDormand plays Zoe. "Something's Gotta Give" was released on December 12, 2003. Critics generally gave it good reviews. It made over $124 million at the box office.

Albrecht Rodenbach

Albertus Petrus Josephus Mansuetus Ferdinandus (Berten or Albrecht) Rodenbach (27 October 1856, Roeselare - 23 June 1880, Roeselare) was a Belgian poet. He is remembered as a symbol of the Flemish Movement.

Hugo Verriest called him "the poet, the soul, the heart, the mind, the word of Reborn Flanders". Rodenbach was inspired by the writers Guido Gezelle and Hendrik Conscience.

Rodenbach was born to a family of 10 children. His parents were wine merchants. He was a cousin to the writer Georges Rodenbach.

He graduated from the Catholic minor Seminary in Roeselare. He met the writer Pol de Mont at the Catholic University of Leuven.
Together they were involved in the Flemish movement. Rodenbach was the leader of the Flemish student’s association. 

He was 23 when he died. 


Mona Lisa Smile

Mona Lisa Smile is a 2003 American romantic drama movie. It is set in 1953 in Massachusetts. Julia Roberts plays Katherine. Julia Stiles plays Joan. Kirsten Dunst plays Elizabeth. Marcia Gay Harden plays Nancy. Maggie Gyllenhaal plays Giselle.

This movie got mixed to negative reviews from critics. It made a lot of money at the box office.

Arrondissements of the Yonne department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Yonne department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

The arrondissements are further divided into "communes".

The arrondissements of the Yonne department are:

Since its creation, the Yonne department has had few changes:


Anna Larsson

Anna Larsson, nickname: Nora-Anna, born 2 January 1922, dead 14 June 2003, was a Swedish track and field athlete and cross-country skier. As a track and field athlete, she competed for IFK Nora. She broke several women's running world records between 1944 and 1945. After winning an 800 meters running event, she also became first female to run a victory lap at the Stockholm Olympic Stadium.

In 1945, she was awarded the Kamratmedaljen award for best IFK performance of the year. As a cross-country skier, she won a 10 kilometers district championship title.

She worked home at the farm in Öskevik outside Nora until marrying in 1947.



Arrondissement of Avallon

The arrondissement of Avallon is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Yonne "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital is the city of Avallon.

When the Yonne department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Avallon was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Avallon is bordered to the north by the Aube (Champagne-Ardenne) department, to the east by the Côte-d'Or (Burgundy) department, to the south by the Nièvre (Burgundy) department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Auxerre.

It is the easternmost "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of . It has 47,594 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" of the department with fewer people living there, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Avallon, there are three cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Avallon has 139 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Sens

The arrondissement of Sens is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Yonne "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital is the city of Sens.

When the Yonne was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Sens was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Sens is bordered to the northeast and east by the Aube (Champagne-Ardenne) department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Auxerre, to the west by the Loiret (Centre-Val de Loire) department and to the northwest by the Seine-et-Marne (Île-de-France) department.

It is the northernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the smallest in area of the department. It has 114,298 inhabitants and its population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Sens, there are three cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Sens has 118 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Something to Talk About (movie)

Something to Talk About is a 1995 American romantic comedy-drama movie. Julia Roberts plays Grace. Dennis Quaid plays her husband Eddie, who is having an affair with another woman. Robert Duvall plays her father Wyly. Kyra Sedgwick plays Emma. Gena Rowlands plays Georgia.

The movie got mixed reviews from the critics. The title comes from a Bonnie Raitt song of the same name.

Ann Miller

Johnnie Lucille Collier (April 12, 1923 – January 22, 2004), also known as Ann Miller was an American dancer, singer and actress. She played Julie Shelton in the movie "Melody Ranch". She played Lois in "Kiss Me Kate".

Miller was born in Chireno, Texas. She died at age 80 of lung cancer in Los Angeles, California.

Michael Dibdin

Michael Dibdin (21 March 1947 – 30 March 2007) was a British crime writer. Dibdin was born in Wolverhampton. His father was a physicist. From the age of seven, Dibdin lived in Lisburn, Northern Ireland, where he attended the Friends' School. He graduated with a degree in English from Sussex University, and then went to study for a Master's degree at the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Canada. His first novel was based on the character Sherlock Holmes. He lived for four years in Italy, teaching at the university in Perugia. Dibdin is best known for his Aurelio Zen mysteries, set in Italy. The first of these, "Ratking", won the 'Gold Dagger' award of 1988. This series of detective novels provide a penetrating insight into the less visible aspects of Italian society over the last 20 years. The earlier books have a lightness of touch that gradually becomes much darker. The character of Zen himself is anti-heroic, which adds much to the books' irony and black humour. A final Zen book, End Games, was published after Dibdin died, in July 2007. He also wrote other detective works set in America and in England.

Handbollsligan

Handbollsligan is the top division of men's handball in Sweden. It consists of 14 teams. Swedish national indoor championships for men have been played since 1932. The event is organized by the Swedish Handball Federation.

It was called Elitserien () until the 2016-2017 season.



Svensk handbollselit

Svensk handbollselit is the top division of women's handball in Sweden. It consists of 12 teams. Swedish national indoor championships for wommen have been played since 1951. The event is organized by the Swedish Handball Federation.

The series changed name to "Svensk handbollselit" for the 2016-2017 season. Before that it was called Elitserien ().




Sweden women's national handball team

The Sweden women's national handball team () represents Sweden on the women's side in handball. Sweden took a silver medal during the 2010 European championship in Denmark and Norway.

Sweden men's national handball team

The Sweden men's national handball team () represents Sweden on the men's side in handball. Sweden has won several medals during the World Championship, Olympic Summer Games and the European Championship.

Khalil Ullah Khan

Khalil Ullah Khan (, February 2, 1934 – December 7, 2014) was a Bangladeshi movie actor. Khalil Ullah began his acting career as a theater activist while he made his debut on the silver screen with "Sonar Kajol". He then went on to star in about 800 movies. His first national award was for his role in "Gunda". In 2012, he won 'Lifetime Achievement Award'.

Khan died from heart disease in Dhaka, Bangladesh, aged 80.


Adnan Gulshair el Shukrijumah

Adnan Gulshair el Shukrijumah (, "ʿAdnān Shukrī Jumaʿah") (4 August 1975 – 6 December 2014) was a member of al-Qaeda. He was born in Saudi Arabia and grew up in the United States.

In March 2003, a provisional arrest warrant was issued calling him a "material witness". He was listed on theFederal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) on the Seeking Information - War on Terrorism list, and since then United States Department of State, through the Rewards for Justice Program, has offered a bounty of up to US$5 million for information about his location.

Media reports surfaced on 6 December 2014 indicating that he was killed in a manhunt operation by Pakistan in South Waziristan.

Luke Somers

Luke Daniel Somers (1981 – 6 December 2014) was a British-American photojournalist. He was held hostage by the militant Islamist group al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) in Yemen until they killed him. He was a dual citizen of the United Kingdom and the United States. 

Somers was born in London. He graduated from Beloit College in Wisconsin with a Bachelor's degree in Creative Writing and later traveled to Egypt before settling in Yemen.

Nedunuri Krishnamurthy

Nedunuri Krishnamurthy (10 October 1927 – 8 December 2014) was an Indian Carnatic vocalist. He was known for performing songs about meditation and peace. He also wrote classical music. He was born in Kothapalli, Hyderabad State, British India.

Krishnamurthy died in Visakhapatnam, India from lung cancer, aged 87.


Mango (singer)

Mango, stage name of Giuseppe ("Pino") Mango (November 6, 1954 – December 7, 2014), was an Italian singer-songwriter and musician. He was known for his style which fuses pop, folk, world music, the frequent use of odd time signatures and for his high vocal range.

On December 7, 2014 Mango suffered a heart attack while performing the song "Oro" during a concert in Policoro, province of Matera, aged 60.


Duchy of Parma

The Duchy of Parma was created in 1545 from that part of the Duchy of Milan south of the Po River, which had been conquered by the State of the Church in 1512. These territories, centered on the city of Parma, were given as a fief for Pope Paul III's illegitimate son, Pier Luigi Farnese. The state was originally ruled by the Farnese family before eventually falling to the House of Bourbon by inheritance. Following the creation of the state of Italy in 1859 the duchy was abolished. It was also a state of the Holy Roman Empire till 1806 and had various links with its neighbour the Grand Duchy of Tuscany.

Gaston, Duke of Orléans

Gaston of France, Son of France, Duke of Orléans (Gaston Jean Baptiste; 25 April 1608 – 2 February 1660) was the third son of King Henry IV of France and his wife Marie de Medici. As a son of the king, he was born a "Fils de France". As a young boy he was given the title of Duke of Anjou. Later he had the title Duke of Orléans. As the eldest surviving brother of King Louis XIII, he was known at court as "Monsieur". He was also one of the first princes to use the "style" of "Royal Highness". He is often also referred to as Gaston d'Orléans. His grandson the last Medici Grand Duke of Tuscany was named in his honour. 

Marguerite and Gaston d'Orléans had five children, three of whom survived into adulthood:

Gaston had an illegitimate daughter by Marie Porcher:
He also had an illegitimate son by Louise Roger de La Marbelière:


Ken Weatherwax

Kenneth Patrick Weatherwax (September 29, 1955 – December 7, 2014) known as Kenny and billed as "Ken" Weatherwax, was an American actor. He was best known for having played Pugsley Addams on the original "The Addams Family" television series.

Weatherwax died from a heart attack at his home on December 7, 2014 at the age of 59.

Don Larsen

Donald James Larsen (August 7, 1929 – January 1, 2020) was an American former Major League Baseball (MLB) pitcher. During a 15-year MLB career, he pitched from 1953–1967 for seven different teams. Larsen was born in Michigan City, Indiana, but was raised in San Diego, California.

Larsen pitched for the St. Louis Browns / Baltimore Orioles (1953–1954; 1965), New York Yankees (1955–1959), Kansas City Athletics (1960–1961), Chicago White Sox (1961), San Francisco Giants (1962–1964), Houston Colt .45's / Houston Astros (1964–1965), and Chicago Cubs (1967).

Larsen died on January 1, 2020 in Hayden, Idaho at the age of 90 from esophageal cancer.


Euthanasia Coaster

The Euthanasia Coaster is an art concept. The idea was a steel roller coaster designed to kill its passengers. 

In 2010, it was designed and made into a scale model by Julijonas Urbonas. Urbonas used to work in an amusement park. Urbonas said that the goal of his proposed roller coaster is to take lives "with elegance and euphoria". Urbonas said it would be like "euthanasia" or "execution". 

John Allen, who was the president of the Philadelphia Toboggan Company, gave Urbonas the idea. Allen wanted an "ultimate" roller coaster that "sends out 24 people and they all come back dead". Urbonas took Allen's idea and designed the roller coaster. Urbonas said the roller coaster would make its passengers unconscious before killing them. It was criticized by the anti-euthanasia association Care Not Killing.

The roller coaster kills its passengers by drastically decreasing oxygen in their brains.


Claude Chabrol

Claude Henri Jean Chabrol (; 24 June 1930 – 12 September 2010) was a French movie director. He was a member of the French New Wave ("nouvelle vague") group of filmmakers. He became popular at the end of the 1950s. Chabrol was born in Sardent, France.

Like his colleagues Jean-Luc Godard, François Truffaut, Éric Rohmer and Jacques Rivette, Chabrol was a critic for the influential movie magazine "Cahiers du cinéma".

Chabrol died on 12 September 2010 in Paris, France, aged 80.


John Bertrand

John Bertrand is an Australian yachtsman. He was born on 20 December 1946 in Chelsea, Victoria. He has one brother who has the same hobby. Bertrand sailed yacht with his brother every afternoon on Port Phillip Bay.

Bertrand went to Monash University in Melbourne, Australia. He took a mechanical engineering class. He eventually went across to Massachusetts Institute of Technology. After completing these courses, he won lots of yacht in competitions in his community. He then went to the 1972 Summer Olympics. He came fourth in the finn competition. In 1976 Bertrand won a bronze medal at the Olympic Games also for the finn competition.

In 1983, Bertrand was the captain of the "Australia II" at the America's Cup. The weather at the start of the race was rough but then calmed down. On the last race Australia was losing by 55 seconds but then they caught back that time and won. Bertrand’s team was the first to beat the United States in the America's Cup in 132 years. 

Saint Vitus

Vitus was born in Sicily in southern Italy. He was born in 290 AD. He died in Luciana in the northwest of Italy. Vitus was one of the fourteen holy helpers. 

Legend says that Vitus was the son of a man named Hylas. Hylas didn’t like Vitus for being Christian so he arrested him with his tutor and his nurse. Vitus travelled to Lucania which is in Rome, Italy and he got trapped by some people who knew his father. They put Vitus in a pot of boiled oil with a rooster. After a while he died in the pot. 

Saint Vitus was the patron saint of actors, comedians, dancers and epileptics. Vitus’s feast day is June 15, which was his date of death in 303. People in Germany celebrate the feast of St Vitus by dancing next to his statue on June 15...

Saint Roch

Saint Roch or Rocco ( – ) was a Christian saint. His death is commemorated on 16 August. He is a patron saint against the plague. He is also a patron Saint of dogs and falsely accused people.

According to his legends, Roch was born in 1295 in Montpellier, France. He was born with a red cross on his chest. His family was prosperous.

As a young man he was very religious. He decided to live the life of a hermit. He gave away all he owned to the poor. At age 20 he set out on a religious pilgrimage to Rome. At this same time the plague struck Italy. While in Italy he stopped in villages to take care of the sick. Apparently everyone he tended to got well. He finished his pilgrimage to Rome. On his return trip he was struck by the plague himself. He decided to take refuge in the forest alone and wait for his death. According to his legend he was visited by an angel and was healed. A dog was said to have brought him bread every day. He then set out for Montpellier. His legends do not agree on what happened next. In one version he returned to Montpellier and died there. Another version say he returned to France but was arrested as a spy. He remained in prison for the rest of his life. 

There is little historical evidence for the existence of Saint Roch. He remains one of the most popular saints in the south of France. His feast day is on August 16th.


St. Dominic Savio

Dominic Savio (April 2, 1842 – March 9, 1857) is a Roman Catholic saint.

Dominic Savio was born on 2 April 1842 in Riva di Chier, Turin, Italy. He was the second child out of eleven born to Charles Savio and his wife Brigid. His father was a blacksmith and his mother was a seamstress. Dominic became an altar server at age five. When Dominic received his first Holy Communion, he wrote rules that he would always tried to follow. 
Those rules were:
From then on, Dominic lived by his motto, “Death, but not sin!”

At the age of twelve Dominic met John Bosco. Dominic told him that he wished to be a priest. At the age of fourteen years old, he started at the Don Bosco School. Dominic was kind and friendly to all the students. Dominic had a great enthusiasm for the Eucharist. At school Dominic organised a club called the Company of the Immaculate Conception. They would do jobs around the school such as sweeping the floor and helping other boys who were misbehaving at school. At the age of only 14, Dominic died from an illness. He died on 9 March 1857

St Dominic Savio was canonised in on June 12, 1954. He is the saint for young boys and the falsely accused. His feast day is March 9, the day of his death. Dominic was canonised by Pope Pius XII.

Sam Phillips

Samuel Cornelius Phillips (January 5, 1923 – July 30, 2003), better known as Sam Phillips, was an American businessman, record executive, record producer and DJ. He played an important role in the rock and roll world in the 1950s. He was a producer, label owner, and talent scout throughout the 1940s and 1950s.

He was the founder of both Sun Studios and Sun Records in Memphis, Tennessee. He was most successful in the launching of Elvis Presley's career in 1954.


Bound for Glory (2014)

Bound for Glory (2014) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). It was held on October 12, 2014 at the Korakuen Hall in Tokyo, Japan. The pay-per-view was a collaboration with the Japanese puroresu promotion Wrestle-1. It was the tenth Bound for Glory event that TNA held and was also the fourth and last event in TNA's 2014 pay-per-view schedule. The event was aired on tape delay because of the time difference. Taz and Mike Tenay were not in Japan at the event and instead did commentary from TNA headquarters in Nashville, Tennessee.

There were eight matches on the card. The main event saw The Great Muta and Tajiri defeat James Storm and The Great Sanada.

City farming

City farming, also called urban farming, is growing a kitchen garden () in a city. This has been practiced as long as there have been cities. Other names include "pea-patching", victory gardening and foodscaping.

Food is grown in a city setting for the use of an individual or family as well as for the community. This is not the same as the back-to-the-land movements of the 1970s. It is mainly about the little family farm inside the city. Land use in cities is subject to local land laws. Where permitted city farms may be anything from small window boxes to shared community gardens. Urban farmers can grow food for their own use. They can also sell excess crops directly to stores or at a farmers' market. City farms can also be nonprofit operations that grow food for poor and homeless people. 

Many city farms grow organic foods. These are from plants that do not use chemical fertilizers or pesticides. City farming also includes food growing cooperatives. They provide the opportunity to get involved in agriculture in their own city. In Brisbane, Australia a community group took a city park that flooded regularly and changed it to an organic city farm. Called Northey Street City Farm, people of all ages and backgrounds work together to grow food. Fruits, vegetables, herbs and flowers are grown. Ponds were introduced to attract beneficial insects, frogs and birds which help in pest control.

City farming allows people to save money growing and harvesting their own food. It allows many individuals and families to make an income selling the food they grow. It helps the cities by recycling organic waste into compost and soil. It takes vacant lots and turns them into green spaces.

Shared garden space or community gardens provide a sense of working together. People, especially children, learn stewardship (planning and managing resources). Kids learn responsiblity and work ethics. They are also eager to try new foods when they see them grown in their own gardens. In some countries, gardens are grown on rooftops or on pavement. In some places land around public schools is made available for gardens. This benefits the school by providing food for school lunches. It also allows children to learn about growing their own food.
Victory gardens were city farms that sprang up during World War I and World War II. There were food shortages in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Germany. In the US alone, victory gardens provided 40% of the produce used during World War II. In addition to farms, gardens were grown in window boxes, rooftops, back yards and vacant yards. Victory gardens gave the people at home a sense of doing their part for the war effort. Women in England tended to grow ornamental gardens. This made for an easy shift towards food gardening. Women in the US had a cultural identity with the British and also grew ornamental gardens. But there were stereotypes to working in agricultural jobs in the US. But these were quickly overcome. Victory gardens were not uncommon even among upper classes in America.



Roehampton

Roehampton is a small suburban village in Southwest London. Historically Roehampton was a wealthy town. Some of the great mansions of the 1700s are now used by colleges of the University of Roehampton. The university was founded in 2004. In 2007 the National Tennis Centre was set up in Roehampton. It has 22 courts and is a training facility for some of Britain's top tennis players. It also hosts the qualifying rounds for the Wimbledon championships. The Priory Hospital at Roehampton is a mental health hospital. It is internationally known for the treatment of celebrities with various addictions.

Dagger (typography)

A dagger is a symbol in typography, which usually looks like a vertical bar, with one or two traits. It can also be called an obelisk. It is present in Unicode, at position 2020.

May Nilsson

May Nilsson, born 5 May 1921 in Åre, Sweden, dead 7 November 2009 in Albertville, France, was a Swedish alpine skier. She won a bronze medal at the women's slalom event during the 1939 world championships in Zakopane.

Provincial city

Provincial cities (), sometimes translated provincial municipalities, are cities lesser in rank than special municipalities of the Republic of China (Taiwan). They are directly governed by provinces and are one level above the most basic county-controlled cities. In the early 20th century a provincial municipality was described as one having a population of over 200,000. However, if the city was important in politics, economics or culture it had to be over 100,000.

After relocating the government to Taiwan the Republic of China government raised the limit to 500,000 in 1981. It was later raised again to 600,000. Currently, the "Local Government Act" of the Ministry of the Interior applies for the creation of a provincial city. In this case a city needs to have a population between 500,000 and 1,250,000. It must also have major political, economical and cultural roles.

Malcolm Knowles

Malcolm Shepard Knowles (August 24, 1913 – November 27, 1997) was an American educator. He was active in developing theories of adult education. His ideas about self-directed learning have gained international recognition.

Malcolm Shepard Knowles was born on August 24, 1913 in Montana. His family moved to West Palm Beach, Florida, when he was a young boy. He graduated from Palm Beach High School in 1930. In 1934, he graduated from Harvard University with a Bachelor of Arts. Soon after graduation he married Hulda Fornell. From 1940 to 1943, he worked as Director of Adult Education at the Boston Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA). He was drafted into the United States Navy in 1943. In 1946, he moved to Chicago to work as the Director of Adult Education at that YMCA. During that time, he also worked on a Master of Arts at the University of Chicago. He earned the masters degree in 1949. He continued his studies at the University of Chicago, earning his PhD. He then spent 14 years at Boston University as an associate professor of adult education with tenure. He became a member of the faculty of North Carolina State University School of Education in 1974. He also taught at Fielding Graduate University in Santa Barbara, CA and at the University of Arkansas. He died of a stroke on November 27, 1997 in Fayetteville, Arkansas.



Mort &amp; Phil

Mort & Phil ("Mortadelo y Filemón" in Spanish) is a Spanish comics series designed in 1958 by Francisco Ibáñez. It's one of the most popular comics in Spain.

Its first title was "Mortadelo y Filemón: Agencia de Información" with just the main characters. Every comics strip had from one to four pages. Throughout the years, the characters have evolved. At first, Mortadelo used to wear a bowler hat. He used to wear disguises. He was known for his shapeshifter abilities. Filemón, called by Mortadelo ""Jefe"" ("Chief" or "Boss" in English) had a beaked nose and use to smoke a pipe as Sherlock Holmes used to do.

Their names are wordplay. For example: Mortadelo comes from "Mortadela" ("Mortadella di Bologna") and Filemón from "Filete" ("Steak").

In 1969, Ibáñez designed more characters. He also "founded" the TIA. The "Técnicos de Investigación Aeroterráquea": "Aeroterrestrial Investigation Technicians") is an organisation that is a spoof on the CIA. With those changes, the comics books were much longer (44-48 pages).

These editions were more satirical in regard to Spanish and international themes such as politics and political corruption, ETA's terrorism ("Barcelona '92") where the terrorist group were named as "TETA" ("TITS"), and "PEPA" in "España '82", and the islamic one or economics.

At first the characters were a parody version of Arthur Conan Doyle's characters: Sherlock Holmes (Filemón) and Dr. Watson (Mortadelo).

Is often enough to see Ibáñez breaking the fourth wall when he's designed by himself. In 1992 was the 35th "Mort and Phil"'s anniversary, so he made a special edition titled "El 35 aniversario". In it, Ibáñez explained his childhood and his career when he began to work in Ediciones Bruguera, Barcelona, Spain. He explained it with a burlesque point of view. He also told how Mortadelo and Filemón met each other. That edition had a huge success among its fans. 

In 2001, a few days after the September 11 terrorist attacks that the last page (and vignette) called the readers attention to the tragedy. It was noted also in television media, because in the vignette's background (a common gag made by Ibáñez in all his works) there was a plane that crashed into the World Trade Center, in New York, in the United States. The official website stated "that scene was designed as it and it wasn't retouched". Regarding the attacks: "it was a tragical coincidence".




Sea glass

Sea glass and beach glass are pieces of glass worn smooth by waves. Technically, "Sea glass" is glass found on beaches along bodies of salt water. As the glass reaches the shoreline pounding waves and rocks break it into smaller pieces. The sharp edges are worn smooth. Salt water erodes the glass and gives it a frosted appearance. "Beach glass" comes from fresh water. It is found mainly along coastlines and the shores of large lakes. However many feel sea glass and beach glass are the same thing. 

White, emerald green and brown are the most common colors. They came from jars, plain bottles and beer bottles thrown into the water. Olive green, cobalt blue, aqua and amber are harder to find. They came from medicine bottles, soda bottles and cosmetic jars. The rarest colors are red, orange and yellow. They were originally items such as fine china, streetlamps and even ship lanterns. Many colors are unique to certain periods of history. Small bubbles in the glass help to identify the original glass item.
Collectors walk beaches to find sea glass. After plastic became popular for containers it became harder to find sea glass. Sea glass can take from 7 to 10 years to get a frosted appearance. In many places winter seems to be the best time to find sea glass. Experienced sea glass hunters look for periods of low tide to start looking. Beaches that are cleaned of debris regularly won't produce much sea glass. Hunters look for "dirty beaches" that are left alone and have litter.

Al-Duhail SC

Lekhwiya S.C. is a football club which plays in Qatar.




Jorge María Mejía

Jorge María Mejía (31 January 1923 – 9 December 2014) was an Argentine cardinal of the Catholic Church (Roman Rite). He was born in Buenos Aires. On 21 February 2001, Mejía was appointed as Cardinal-Deacon of "San Girolamo della Carità" by Pope John Paul II in the consistory.

On 13 March 2013, Mejía suffered a heart attack on the same day his fellow Argentine Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio was elected as Pope Francis, the 266th pontiff of the Catholic Church. 
Cardinal Mejía died in Rome on 9 December 2014 at the age of 91.

Knut Nystedt

Knut Nystedt (3 September 1915 – 8 December 2014) was a Norwegian orchestral and choral composer. He was also a musician and played the Organ. Nystedt was born in Oslo, Norway. Nystedt founded and conducted Det Norske Solistkor from 1950 to 1990. He also founded and conducted Schola Cantorum from 1964 to 1985.

Nystedt died in his sleep at his home in Oslo on 8 December 2014 at the age of 99.


Colonel Tom Parker

Colonel Thomas Andrew "Tom" Parker (June 26, 1909January 21, 1997) born Andreas Cornelis ("Dries") van Kuijk, was a Dutch-born entertainment impresario. He was best known as the manager of Elvis Presley. For many years Parker falsely claimed to have been U.S.-born, but it eventually emerged that he was born in Breda in the Netherlands.

Justus

Justus (died 627) was an Archbishop of Canterbury.

Justus might also refer to:





Hancock Seamount

Hancock Seamount is a seamount of the Hawaiian-Emperor seamount chain in the Pacific Ocean. The last eruption from Hancock Seamount is unknown.

Roger Nordström

Roger Nordström, born 27 April 1966 in Malmö, Sweden, is a Swedish former ice hockey goaltender. He played most seasons for Malmö Redhawks. He then played for German club Krefeld Pinguine between 1998-2003.

During the 1992 Olympic tournament he was appointed for the Swedish national team.


Hwayang-dong

Hwayang-dong is a "dong" in west Gwangjin-gu in Seoul, South Korea. It was joined into Gwangjin-gu on 13 August 1949. It is a mixed home and small business area. Mojin-dong is administered by Hwayang-dong. It has Konkuk University. 


Sybil Christopher

Sybil Christopher (27 March 1929 – 7 March 2013) was a Welsh actress, theatre director and founder of a nightclub. She first became known as Richard Burton's first wife. She performed mostly on stage. She also acted in a few movies.

Christopher was born Sybil Williams in Tylorstown, Wales. She died at age 83 in New York City.

Patricia Blair

Patsy Lou Blake (also known as Patricia Blair; January 15, 1933 – September 9, 2013) was an American television and movie actress. She is best known for playing Rebecca Boone in all six seasons of NBC's "Daniel Boone". She also played Lou Mallory in "The Rifleman" from 1962 to 1963. She was tall at 5 feet 9 inches. She could work with tall stars like Fess Parker ("Daniel Boone") and Chuck Connors ("The Rifleman").

Patricia Blair was born in Fort Worth, Texas. She died in North Wildwood, New Jersey at age eighty.

Armageddon (2003)

Armageddon (2003) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on December 14, 2003 at TD Waterhouse Centre in Orlando, Florida. It was the fourth Armageddon event held by the WWE.

The pay-per-view was a "Raw" brand exclusive. The main event saw Triple H win a Triple threat match against Kane and then-champion Goldberg. Triple H won the match and the World Heavyweight Championship after he pinned Goldberg following a chokeslam from Kane. Another main match that was on the undercard was Rob Van Dam defending his WWE Intercontinental Championship against Randy Orton. Orton would end up winning the match and he became the Intercontinental Champion after he pinned Van Dam following an RKO. Another primary match that was on the undercard was Batista facing Shawn Michaels. Michaels would win the match by pinfall after he performed the Sweet Chin Music on Batista.

The professional wrestling part of Canadian Online Explorer claimed that the event was a "flop" and rated the overall event a six out of ten.


Armageddon (2004)

Armageddon (2004) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on December 12, 2004 at Gwinnett Center in Duluth, Georgia. It was the fifth Armageddon event held by the WWE.

The pay-per-view was a "SmackDown!" brand exclusive. There were 10 matches on the card with all 4 of "SmackDown!"'s championship were on the line. The main event saw John "Bradshaw" Layfield defeat Booker T, Eddie Guerrero and The Undertaker in a Fatal-Four Way match to retain his WWE Championship. Layfield won by Booker. If anyone interfered on JBL's behalf he would have lost the championship. Another main match on the undercard saw The Big Show defeat Kurt Angle, Mark Jindrak and Luther Reigns in a Handicap match. Big Show was able to win the match after he pinned Jindrak following an F-5. Another primary match on the card saw John Cena defeat Jesús in a Street Fight to retain his WWE United States Championship. Cena won the match by executing an FU to Jesús and pinning him.


Comparison of baseball and cricket

Baseball and Cricket are two similar sports. They are both considered bat-and-ball games and are played by both men and women. But they also have many differences. They have different rules, terms and organization. Their histories are both similar yet different.

Baseball is often thought to have descended from cricket. They both can be traced back to England. They have common terms such as innings, umpires, runs and outs. So the connection seems very logical. Even some baseball historians think cricket is the ancestor of baseball. Both games do have a link, but it is not a parent-child link. It is more on the order of cousins.

Both seem to have been brought to England by people from Flanders, but who settled in different parts of England. There each game developed separately. Cricket came from the southeast of England while baseball was played in western England. Baseball started as a children's game while Cricket was more often played by adults. Both games came to America with English immigrants. By the 1840s cricket had a following along the East Coast, particularly in Philadelphia and New York. About the same time Baseball began being organized into clubs. Up until the American Civil War cricket was more popular. After that war baseball became widely popular. Cricket is still played in places like Philadelphia.

Both are bat and ball games. Both have batsman and bowlers, called batters and pitchers in baseball. Bowlers or pitchers throw the ball to the batsman or batter who hits the ball. Players in the field try to catch the ball. Both games at times use two umpires. Both games involve batters who run between or around things (such as each batsman's ground) to score runs (points), while the fielding team tries to get the ball to those things (bases), or things within the things (wickets), or fielders near them, to stop runs from being scored. Batters can hit the ball out of the field to score runs (home run or six runs). After enough batters are out, both teams change roles, and after enough opportunities for both teams to bat, the team with more runs wins.

The bat in cricket is flat while the bat in baseball is round. Cricket has eleven players while baseball has nine. Cricket players hold the bat down, baseball players hold the bat up. The playing fields are different sizes and shapes. The balls, while similar in construction, are slightly different in weight. The leather cover in baseball is white while cricket balls can have a red or white leather cover.

In cricket, when a batter is out, they can't bat again for the rest of their team's inning (turn to bat).

James Stewart (mathematician)

James Drewry Stewart (March 29, 1941December 3, 2014) was a Canadian mathematician, violinist, and the professor emeritus of mathematics at McMaster University.

Stewart died in Toronto, Canada from multiple myeloma, aged 73.


Fred Hawkins

Fred Hawkins (September 3, 1923 – December 6, 2014) was an American professional golfer. He played on the PGA Tour from the mid-1940s to the mid-1960s. Hawkins was born in Antioch, Illinois.

Hawkins died in Sebring, Florida, aged 91.'

Mark Lewis (storyteller)

Mark Lewis (February 16, 1954 – December 7, 2014) was an American storyteller, actor, and teacher. He was known for being the narrator in the Pirates of the Caribbean rides on Disneyland.

Lewis died in Eugene, Oregon from surgical complications, aged 60.

Jane Freilicher

Jane Freilicher (November 29, 1924 – December 9, 2014) was an American representational painter. She was known for her paintings of urban and country scenes from her homes in lower Manhattan. She was a member of the informal New York School beginning in the 1950s.

Freilicher died in Manhattan at the age of 90 on December 9, 2014.

Ralph Giordano

Ralph Giordano (March 23, 1923 – December 10, 2014) was a German writer and publicist. He survived the Holocaust and since then he has been writing books about his experiences. For a short-while he was a communist. Giordano was also an activist and critic. Giordano was born in Hamburg, Germany.

Giordano died in Cologne, Germany from complications of a broken hip following a fall, aged 91.

Armageddon (2006)

Armageddon (2006) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on December 17, 2006 at Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, Virginia. It was the seventh Armageddon event held by the WWE.

The pay-per-view was a "SmackDown!" brand exclusive. The main event was a tag team match, which saw the team of Batista and John Cena defeat the team of King Booker and Finlay. Two other matches on the undercard, saw The Undertaker defeat Mr. Kennedy in a Last Ride match, and Kane defeat Montel Vontavious Porter in an Inferno match.


Karl Otto Pöhl

Karl Otto Pöhl (1 December 1929 - 9 December 2014) was a German economist. He served as President of the Bundesbank and Chairman of its Central Bank Council from 1980 to 1991. He was born in Hanover, Lower Saxony.

Pöhl died in Zurich, Switzerland, aged 85.

Hans Tietmeyer

Hans Tietmeyer (18 August 1931 - 27 December 2016) was a German economist. He was thought to be one of the best experts on international financial matters. He was president of Deutsche Bundesbank from 1993 until 1999 and remained one of the most important figures in finance of the European Union.


Helmut Schlesinger

Helmut Schlesinger (born September 4, 1924) is a German economist. He is a former President of the Bundesbank.

He was born in Penzberg, Bavaria.

He is a member of the Orders of Merit and of Chivalry of Germany, Italy, Austria, Hungary, Sweden, and Luxembourg.

Morley Safer

Morley Safer (November 8, 1931 – May 19, 2016) was a Canadian-American reporter and correspondent for CBS News. He was best known for his long tenure on the newsmagazine "60 Minutes". He retired in May 2016, shortly before his death.

Safer died at his home in Manhattan, New York City on May 19, 2016 from pneumonia, aged 84.


Ed Bradley

Edward Rudolph "Ed" Bradley, Jr. (June 22, 1941 – November 9, 2006) was an American journalist. He was best known for 26 years of award-winning work on the CBS News television program "60 Minutes". Bradley was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 

Bradley died in New York City from leukemia, aged 65.


Departure (Journey album)

Departure is the sixth studio album by Journey. The album was released on February 29, 1980. It was the group's last studio album with keyboardist Gregg Rolie.

Frederick Law Olmsted

Frederick Law Olmsted (April 26, 1822 – August 28, 1903) was an American landscape architect, journalist, social critic, and public administrator. He is considered to be the father of American landscape architecture. He helped Calvert Vaux design Central Park in New York City. Later he designed many parks.

Ann Carter

Ann Carter (June 16, 1936 – January 27, 2014) was a former American child actress. She worked with dozens of movie stars. She played Amy Reed in "The Curse of the Cat People". She played Peggy Allen in "Child of Divorce".

Carter was born in Syracuse, New York. After acting, she graduated from Occidental College in Los Angeles. Carter taught school in California and in Seattle. She died in North Bend, Washington on January 27, 2014. She had been fighting ovarian cancer for nine years.

Vanderlei (footballer, born 1984)

Vanderlei Farias da Silva is an Brazilian football player. He was born 1 February 1984. He is a goalkeeper. He currently plays with Coritiba.

Vanderlei started his career in Londrina. Later he played for a great team of Brazil, Coritiba.




Ottershaw

Ottershaw is a village in the Runnymede district of Surrey, England. It is about southwest of London. Ottershaw is part of the mixed rural and suburban Foxhills ward. It is part of the parish of Ottershaw. This parish was first established in 1864 in what was part of the original parish of Chertsey. This is when the name 'Ottershaw' came into use. Before that it was a part of Chertsey Common, which was part of Windsor Forest.

Ventnor

Ventnor () is a seaside resort and civil parish on the south coast of the Isle of Wight, England. It was established in the Victorian era. Ventnor lies underneath St Boniface Down. At it is the highest point on the Isle of Wight. Ventnor is built on steep slopes and cliffs leading down to the sea. The higher part is called Upper Ventnor. The lower part is simply known as Ventnor. Ventnor is sometimes understood as including the coastal villages of St. Lawrence to one side and Bonchurch to the other.

The sheltered location on the cliff of the Island's south coast means the area experiences a microclimate. It has more sunny days than much of the British Isles, and fewer frosts. This has allowed many species of subtropical plant to grow here. Ventnor Botanic Garden is particularly notable.

Diplomatics

Diplomatics is a discipline which is concerned with the analysis of historical documents. The word goes back to "diploma", which literally means folded (document). Using the term diplomatics for this science is probably due to a work called "De re diplomatica", by Jean Mabilon (1632-1707). Note also, that the term is unrelated to diplomacy. 

The discipline originally evolved as a tool for studying and determining the authenticity of the official charters and diplomas issued by royal and papal chanceries. It was later found that many of the same underlying principles could be applied to other types of official document and legal instrument, to non-official documents such as private letters, and, most recently, to the metadata of electronic records.

Diplomatics is one of the auxiliary sciences of history. It should not be confused (as it often is) with its sister-discipline of palaeography. In fact, its techniques have more in common with those of the literary disciplines of textual criticism and historical criticism.

Lois Nettleton

Lois Nettleton (August 16, 1927 – January 18, 2008) was an American actress. She acted in television and movies and on stage. She was a semifinalist at the 1948 Miss America pageant. She acted in dozens of television shows, including "Gunsmoke" and "Daniel Boone".

Nettleton was born in Oak Park, Illinois. She died of lung cancer in California at age 80.

Joy Page

Joy Page (November 9, 1924 – April 18, 2008) was an American actress. She played Annina Brandel in the movie "Casablanca". She also played Marsinah in the 1944 movie "Kismet".

Page was born in Los Angeles, California. She died from pneumonia and a stroke, at age eighty-three.

Cornelius Vanderbilt

Cornelius Vanderbilt (May 27, 1794 – January 4, 1877) was an American businessman, philanthropist, and slave owner. A lot of his wealth came from railroads and shipping.

He was also the patriarch of the Vanderbilt family. He was one of the richest Americans in history. He provided the initial gift to found Vanderbilt University, which is named in his honor.

Vanderbilt died on January 4, 1877 in New York City, New York from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), aged 82.

Vanderbilt was worth more than $100 million at the time of his death (equivalent to approximately $ in 2024 dollars).

A Dirty Shame

A Dirty Shame is a 2004 satirical sex comedy movie. John Waters directed and wrote it. Tracey Ullman plays Sylvia. Selma Blair plays Caprice/Ursula. Patty Hearst plays Paige.

"A Dirty Shame" was released with an NC-17 rating by the MPAA. New Line Cinema was the distributor. It received mixed reviews.

The people of Harford Road (Maryland Route #147) are divided into two camps: puritanical people who hate anything even remotely sexual. There are also the perverts, a group of sexual addicts whose sexual fetishes have been brought to the fore.

A held back Sylvia Stickles finds herself as a puritan. One day, she leaves her promiscuous daughter Caprice locked up over the garage and under house arrest. Sylvia is smacked on the head by a passing car. She meets Ray-Ray Perkins, a local mechanic.

Through a series of bizarre head knockings, everyone in the Harford Area of Baltimore becomes a sex addict. Ray-Ray shoots semen from his head. He becomes the messiah of "Let's Go Sexin'".

John Waters decided to make the movie when he found several sexual slang terms over the internet.

According to Waters, when he asked MPAA what he would have needed to cut from the movie before he could have it rated R, they said "after a while, we just stopped taking notes." It was simply released into theaters with an NC-17 rating.

It was shot entirely on location in Baltimore on the Harford Road.

"A Dirty Shame" got mixed reviews from critics. Some liked or loved its unashamed vulgarity. Others, though, went against it for the same reason. On the Rotten Tomatoes, the approval rating is 53%, based on the reviews of 117 critics. On the Metacritic, the review for the movie is 56 out of 100, which means "mixed or average".

Selma Blair

Selma Blair (b. June 23, 1972) is an American actress. She acts in a variety of movie genres. She played Cecile Caldwell in the movie "Cruel Intentions". She played Vivian in "Legally Blonde".

Blair was born in Southfield, Michigan.

In October 2018, Blair revealed that she had been diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. 

Southfield, Michigan

Southfield is a city in eastern Michigan. It is not far from Detroit. At the 2020 census, 76,618 people lived there.

Southfield was incorporated as city in 1958.

Lucha Underground

Lucha Underground (originally called Lucha: Uprising) was a American professional wrestling television series. The show was produced by United Artists Media Group. It aired weekly in English on the El Rey network, and in Spanish on UniMás. The promotion featured wrestlers from both the American independent circuit and the Mexican wrestling promotion Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA).

It was announced on January 12, 2014, that AAA would start airing a show on the American network El Rey on the second half of the year and that it would be backed by Mark Burnett. It would feature monthly and quarterly specials and live pay-per-views. On October 29, 2014, the series premiered on El Rey Network. It aired Wednesdays at 8:00 p.m. ET. It premiered in Spanish on November 1, 2014 on UniMás. It aired Saturdays at 4:00 p.m. on UniMás.

Prince Puma was crowned as the first Lucha Underground Champion on October 5, 2014.

Angélico, Ivelisse and Son of Havoc became the first Lucha Underground Trios Champions when they won the Trios Tournament on February 8, 2015.

On September 21, 2015, it was announced that there would be a second season of Lucha Underground.

The series was cancelled on November 7, 2018 because of a lack of money.

Jože Toporišič

Jože Toporišič (October 11, 1926 – December 9, 2014) was a Slovene linguist. He was the author of the most influential Slovene scientific grammar of the second half of the 20th century. He was a member of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts, and coauthor of the Academy's Slovene Normative Guide (). He was born in Mostec, near Brežice in Slovenia.

Toporišič died in Ljubljana, Slovenia, aged 88.


Russ Kemmerer

Russell Paul Kemmerer (November 1, 1930 – December 8, 2014) was an American professional baseball player. He was a right-handed pitcher. He played for the Boston Red Sox (–), the Washington Senators (–), the Chicago White Sox (–), and the Houston Colt .45s (–) to finish his career.

Kemmerer died in Indianapolis, Indiana, aged 84.

Robert B. Oakley

Robert Bigger Oakley (March 12, 1931 – December 10, 2014) is an American diplomat. He was a Foreign Service Officer. He was United States Ambassador to Zaire, Somalia, and Pakistan. In the early 1990s, he was a special envoy during the American involvement in Somalia under the Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, and George Bush presidencies.

Oakley died in McLean, Virginia from complications from Parkinson's disease, aged 83.


New Hartford, Connecticut

New Hartford is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 6,658 at the 2020 census.

Albert Günther

Albert Günther FRS, (Albert Karl Ludwig Gotthilf Günther, also Albert Charles Lewis Gotthilf Günther, 3 October 1830 – 1 February 1914), was a German-born British zoologist, ichthyologist, and herpetologist. Günther is currently ranked the second-most productive reptile taxonomist. He described more than 340 reptile species.

He joined the British Museum in 1857, under Richard Owen and John Edward Gray. His first task was to classify 2000 snake specimens. After the death of Gray in 1875, Günther was appointed Keeper of Zoology at the Natural History Museum, a position he held until 1895. 

The major work of his life was the eight-volume "Catalogue of Fishes" (1859–1870, Ray Society). He also worked on the reptiles and amphibians in the museum collection. In 1864, he founded "The Zoological Record" and was editor for six years.

Avicii

Tim Bergling (; 8 September 1989 – 20 April 2018), known professionally as Avicii (), was a Swedish musician, DJ, remixer, and record producer.

At 16, Bergling began posting his remixes on electronic music forums, which led to his first record deal. He rose to prominence in 2011 with his single "Levels". His debut studio album, "True" (2013), blended electronic music with elements of multiple genres and received generally positive reviews. It peaked in the top ten in more than fifteen countries and topped international dance charts; the lead single, "Wake Me Up", topped most music markets in Europe and reached number four in the United States.

In 2015, Bergling released his second studio album, "Stories", and in 2017 he released an EP, "Avīci (01)". His catalogue also included the singles "I Could Be the One" with Nicky Romero, "You Make Me", "X You", "Hey Brother", "Addicted to You", "The Days", "The Nights", "Waiting for Love", "Without You" and "Lonely Together". Bergling was nominated for a Grammy Award for his work on "Sunshine" with David Guetta in 2012 and "Levels" in 2013. Several music publications credit Bergling as among the DJs who ushered electronic music into Top 40 radio in the early 2010s.

Bergling retired from touring in 2016 due to health problems, having suffered stress and poor mental health for several years. On 20 April 2018, Avicii was found dead in Muscat, Oman. On 1 May, it was reported that the cause of his death was suicide from self-inflicted injuries from a broken wine bottle. He was buried on 8 June in his hometown of Stockholm, Sweden.

Bergling died on 20 April 2018 near Muscat, Oman, at the age of 28. No cause of death was immediately given. On 21 April, the Omani police stated that there was "no criminal suspicion" or evidence of foul play in Bergling's death. On 26 April, his family released an open letter stating:
On 1 May, TMZ reported that the cause of death was a suicide due to self-inflicted injuries with a broken wine bottle, with Avicii eventually dying of blood loss. On 22 May, Bergling's family announced plans for a private funeral with "the people who were closest to him". Bergling was buried on 8 June at the Skogskyrkogården cemetery in Stockholm.

On 20 May, American DJ duo, The Chainsmokers, and American singer-songwriter, Halsey, paid tribute to Avicii at the 2018 Billboard Music Awards before presenting the winner of the Top Hot 100 Song. The Chainsmokers' Drew Taggart said, "His passing was a great loss for the music world and for us. He was an artist who inspired so many in so many ways, and simply put, he meant so much to us and everyone in the EDM community." Halsey then delivered an emotional discussion about mental health and emphasized the need for people to love and support each other.

On 27 May, at BBC's Biggest Weekend, Rita Ora, Avicii's most recent collaborator, paid tribute to the late DJ, describing him as "a really good friend" who "changed [her] life". A similar tribute was also paid by Ora during King's Day and Capital's Summertime Ball. The 2018 edition of Tomorrowland saw several tributes to Avicii from Axwell Λ Ingrosso, Don Diablo, Nicky Romero, Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike, Zedd and Kygo, the latter mentioning that Avicii was his big influence in EDM. All DJs honoured his memory by playing his music in their sets during the festival which Michael Thivaios (Like Mike) described as Avicii's home. Thivaios continued calling Avicii "one of [his] best friends" and "a great inspiration". In addition many other artists including Eric Prydz, Imagine Dragons, Calvin Harris, and Zedd also paid tribute to Avicii on Twitter. On 22 April 2018, American band OneRepublic payed tribute to Avicii by performing his hit single "Wake Me Up" during their show in Mumbai.
On the same day, Tiesto played a medley of Avicii's songs at EDC Las Vegas. Aloe Blacc joined him on stage to perform "Wake Me Up". On 27 July, Russian DJ/Producer Arty released a song called "Tim" as a tribute to Avicii. "I made a track for my friend," he stated. "I just want to honor his memory. I want to do something right, and in my opinion it's the right thing to do."

On 16 November, Avicii's family organised a public memorial service at the Hedvig Eleonora Church in Stockholm. The service saw a huge fan turn-out, with hundreds of fans filling the church to mourn pay their respects. The service featured an orchestral choir which played music linking to events in Avicii's life and ended with a version of his 2013 number one hit "Wake Me Up". One fan described it as a "very moving" service and "a great tribute to Avicii".

Vonetta McGee

Vonetta McGee (14 January 1945 – 9 July 2010) was an American actress. She was known for her roles in movies during the 1970s. She played the Negress in "The Kremlin Letter". She played Melinda in the movie "Melinda".

McGee was born in San Francisco, California. She died from cardiac arrest in Berkeley, California.

Zalman King

Zalman King (May 23, 1942 – February 3, 2012) was an American movie writer, producer, movie director and actor. He directed several erotic movies, including "Wild Orchid" (1990) and "Two Moon Junction" (1988).

King was born in Trenton, New Jersey. He died from cancer in Santa Monica, California.

Two Moon Junction

Two Moon Junction is a 1988 melodrama and erotic romance-thriller movie. The movie is about events happening in the Southern United States. Sherilyn Fenn plays April. Louise Fletcher plays Belle. Milla Jovovich plays Samantha.

This was Milla Jovovich's first movie.

This movie was filmed around Los Angeles.

Billy Boys

"Billy Boys", also titled "The Billy Boys, is a loyalist song from Glasgow, sung to the tune of "Marching Through Georgia." It was first sung in the 1930s as the main song of one of the Glasgow razor gangs led by Billy Fullerton and later became viewed to reflect the long running sectarian divide in the city. It is also commonly used by fans of Rangers football club.

Warlingham

Warlingham is a village in the Tandridge district of Surrey, England. It is south of the centre of London. Warlingham consists of many shops and primary schools. There is also a secondary school, Warlingham School. Warlingham is near to other villages such as Caterham, Whyteleafe and Sanderstead.

Wembley

Wembley is an area of northwest London. It is a part of the London Borough of Brent. It is famous for Wembley Stadium (first built April 23, 1923) and Wembley Arena (first built 1934). A new outlet centre, London Designer Outlet, was built in the area and opened in 2013.

Addlestone

Addlestone is a large village in Runnymede, Surrey. It is situated between Weybridge and Chertsey. It has a railway station that has direct links to London within 1.5 hours. Addlestone is famous for a thousand year oak tree named The Crouch Oak. There is a legend that Queen Elizabeth I stopped to picnic under it.

Morden

Morden is a district in the London Borough of Merton. It is the final stop on the Northern line. There is a library, many shops, a church called 'Morden Baptist Church' and a large mosque. 

Wareside

Wareside is a small village in Hertfordshire, England. It is about 3 miles away from the town of Ware.

Petham

Petham is a small village in Kent. It is from the local town, Canterbury. It has Tudor and medieval buildings.

Weybridge

Weybridge is a small town in Surrey. It is near Walton-On-Thames and Addlestone. Weybridge is known for being a middle class area with many wealthy people living there.

Famous residents, past and present, include:

Chertsey

Chertsey is a small town in Surrey that is near Addlestone and Staines. It has a very large parks including St Annes Hill, Abbey Fields and The Meeds

Wembley Arena

Wembley Arena is an indoor arena in Wembley, London, England. It is next to Wembley Stadium. The arena was built for the 1934 British Empire Games. Originally, it had a large swimming pool, as reflected by its name at the time, Empire Pool. In 1978, it was renamed Wembley Arena. It became one of the best known indoor music venues in England. It seats 12,000. In April 2006 it was refurbished. It was the main stadium for the 1948 Summer Olympics. Since 1934, Wembley has hosted concerts by the world's most famous artists, spanning many different genres of music.

<br>

Whyteleafe

Whyteleafe is a small village on the edge of Surrey. It is between Purley and Caterham. It has good transport links with London and the south of England.

Whyteleafe is very close to Riddlesdown. It is also close to the secondary school Riddlesdown Collegiate, that the famous model Kate Moss attended.

Debenhams

Debenhams was the United Kingdom's largest department store chain. It was formed in 1778. It is a company that has opened shops across the world, first opening in London, England. Debenhams operated nearly 100 retail stores in the UK in 2005. It is one of the companies on the FTSE 250 Index. The 2014 Christmas advert was filmed in the Sutton, London shop in August 2014.

Debenhams was acquired by the online retailer Boohoo for £55m in 2021.

Sandgate

Sandgate is a small seaside village in Kent. It is near Folkestone.

New Cross

New Cross is a small town in South East London, near Deptford. It is close to Central London, only three minutes away by train.

Deptford is near the old docklands. It has many cobble streets.

Banstead

Banstead is a village in the borough of Reigate and Banstead in Surrey, England. 
It has been there since 967 AD. It has a high street with lots of coffee shops, such as Cafe Nero, Costa, and Caffe Italia.
Towns close by include Reigate, Sutton, Epsom and Belmont. 

West Bridgford

West Bridgford is a small town in Nottinghamshire. The River Trent runs through it. The Trent Bridge cricket ground and the Nottingham Forest football ground are there.

West Bridgford has a lot of independent cafes and supermarkets such as ASDA, Marks and Spencers and The Co-operative.
West Bridgford is often called "Bread and Lard Island". It is called that because it is thought that the people who live there spend most of their money on big houses and fur coats, and can only afford to eat bread and lard at home.

Regent's Canal

Regent's Canal is a canal in England. It runs through Camden. It is part of the London Canal Network.

Salients, re-entrants and pockets

A salient is a battlefield feature that projects into enemy territory. The attacking troops creating the salient are vulnerable to attack from the front and flanks of the salient. The enemy's line facing a salient is referred to as a re-entrant (an angle pointing inwards). A deep salient is vulnerable to being "pinched out" across the base. If that happens the attackers are then surrounded.* This is what happened at the Battle of the Bulge in World War II. 

In fortifications, a salient is a part of the defense structure that sticks outward. * note." Surrounded" means the enemy faces you on a 360 degree front .If the "encirclement" is not a complete 360 degrees, you are niether "surrounded", nor "encircled" 


John Tory

John Howard Tory (; born May 28, 1954) is a Canadian politician. He is the former mayor of Toronto, where he was born.

Tory was a candidate for the 2003 Toronto mayoral election. He finished in second place and lost to David Miller. After this, from 2004 to 2009, he was the leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario. He was also a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 2005 to 2007 for the riding of Dufferin—Peel—Wellington—Grey.

He was elected in the 2014 election against Olivia Chow and Doug Ford, the other leading competitors. He succeeded Rob Ford. In 2018, Tory was re-elected for a second time. In this election he defeated a former Chief City Planner, Jennifer Keesmaat.

Halitosis

Halitosis is a symptom where a person has bad breath. It can be caused by bad dental care, tooth decay or gum disease.

Becky Lynch

Rebecca Mary Lopez (ne'e Quinn) (; born 30 January 1987) is an Irish professional wrestler best known by her current ring name of Becky Lynch. She is currently signed to WWE on its SmackDown brand. She is the current WWE SmackDown Women's Champion. Before joining WWE, she was also known by the ring name Rebecca Knox.

Quin is previously known for her work in France-based professional wrestling promotion Queens of Chaos, where she is a former one-time World Queens of Chaos Champion which she won in 2006. She has also wrestled for England's One Pro Wrestling, Germany's German Stampede Wrestling, and Canada's SuperGirls Wrestling promotion (an offshoot of Extreme Canadian Championship Wrestling). In 2006, she wrestled for the Shimmer Women Athletes promotion, and was involved in a matches with Daizee Haze, which also included an well known two out of three falls match.

On 8 April 2013, it was reported that Quin had signed a two-year developmental contract with the WWE and moved to Florida to start at their developmental territory WWE NXT.

On 29 August, 2013, it was announced that her new ring name would be Becky Lynch. Lynch made her televised debut on the June 26, 2014 episode of "NXT" and defeated Summer Rae.

On the July 3 episode of "NXT", she teamed with Bayley in an losing effort to the BFFs (Charlotte and Sasha Banks) in a tag team match. Lynch would spend the next few months in non-title matches against Charlotte, where she lost three matches against her in a row. On the 23 October episode of NXT, Lynch would turn heel and would align with Sasha Banks by attacking Bayley.





Babyfever

Babyfever is a 1994 American comedy drama television movie. It was directed and written by Henry Jaglom and Victoria Foyt. Foyt also stars in the movie. The movie was released on May 4, 1994.

A woman is torn between her current boyfriend and an unexpected arrival of an old boyfriend.



The Accused (1988 movie)

The Accused is a 1988 American crime drama movie. It is about a young woman who is gang raped in a bar. Jodie Foster plays Sarah Tobias. Kelly McGillis plays Kathryn Murphy.

Foster won the Academy Award for Best Actress in 2018.

This movie got positive reviews from critics. It made a lot of money.

Clean and Sober

Clean and Sober is a 1988 drama movie. The movie is about a cocaine addict who cleans up his life. Michael Keaton plays Daryl. Kathy Baker plays Charlie.

This movie got good reviews from the critics. It was released on August 10, 1988.

Ekushey Padak

Ekushey Padak () is one of the highest civilian awards in Bangladesh. It was introduced in memory of the martyrs of the Language Movement of 1952 (). 

The award consists of 100,000 Taka, an 18 carat gold medal weighing 3 tolas. It also includes a certificate of honour. The medal was designed by the artist Nitun Kundu.
The amount of the cash reward was originally 25 thousand taka, but it was increased to 100 thousand taka. The Ministry of Cultural Affairs manages the Padak.


Class of 1999

Class of 1999 is a 1990 science fiction movie. This movie is set in the future year of 1999. It is about youth gang violence in schools. Pam Grier plays Miss Connors. Malcolm McDowell plays Miles Langford.

The movie was released on May 11, 1990.

Dick Tracy (movie)

Dick Tracy is a 1990 action movie. This movie was based on the 1930s character of the same name. The movie is about mobsters and street gangs. Warren Beatty plays the title character. Madonna plays Breathless Mahoney and Glenne Headly plays Tess Trueheart.

Beatty also directed and produced "Dick Tracy".

This movie got mixed reviews from the critics. It was, however, a box office success. It received three Academy Awards.

A video game based on the movie was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System in August 1990. 

Cashmere wool

Cashmere wool is a kind of fiber which is produced from the wool of cashmere goats. Most cashmere wool is produced in China, Mongolia, Iran, and the Asiatic highlands known as Pamir. Large farms can also be found in Australia, New Zealand and Scotland. Cashmere wool is among the most valuable kinds of natural fiber. For this reason, textiles are often mixed with merino wool. 

Where the Heart Is (1990 movie)

Where the Heart Is is a 1990 romantic comedy movie. The movie is about a man whose business is to tear down buildings. He is stuck with a building he can't tear down due to its history. He sends his lazy grown children to live there.

Joanna Cassidy plays Jean. Dabney Coleman plays Stewart. Uma Thurman plays Daphne. The movie was released on 1 January 1990.

Corey Graves

Matt Polinsky (born February 24, 1984) is an American retired professional wrestler. He is better known by his ring name Corey Graves. He is currently signed to the WWE and works as a commentator in their developmental territory NXT.

During his career, Polinsky was a one-time NXT Tag Team Champion with Adrian Neville. He is also known for his work on the independent circuit where he competed under the ring name Sterling James Keenan.

On December 11 2014, during the pre-show of , Graves announced that he was officially retiring from in-ring competition because of his concussion issues. Graves would then announce that he would join the NXT commentary team and that he would start at the beginning at the event. He was given a two-year contract by Triple H, which gives him a shot at becoming a guest commentator for either "Raw", "SmackDown" or pay-per-views.




Licence to Kill

Licence to Kill is a 1989 adventure movie. The movie is about James Bond being suspended from MI6 as he goes after a drug lord. Timothy Dalton plays James Bond. Priscilla Barnes plays Della. The movie got good reviews from critics. Its worldwide box office gross was $156 million USD. Gladys Knight sings the title song of the movie.


Windows xT

Windows xT (part of xT) can either refer to an individual or following versions of Microsoft Windows:

Ernst Albrecht

Ernst Carl Julius Albrecht (19 June 1930 – 13 December 2014) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union. He was a former civil servant of the European Commission. He served as Prime Minister of the state of Lower Saxony from 1976 to 1990.

His daughter, Ursula von der Leyen, is the President of the European Commission.

Albrecht died on 13 December 2014 from Alzheimer's disease, aged 84.

Ralph Foody

Ralph Wesley Foody (November 13, 1928 – November 21, 1999) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Gangster Johnny in "Home Alone" and in "" in the black-and-white fictional films "Angels with Filthy Souls" and "Angels with Even Filthier Souls".

Foody died in Lexington, Kentucky from cancer in 1999 at 71.

Ahmed Kathrada

Ahmed Mohamed Kathrada (21 August 1929 – 28 March 2017), sometimes known by the nickname "Kathy", was a South African politician and former political prisoner and anti-apartheid activist.

Kathrada's involvement in the anti-apartheid activities of the African National Congress (ANC) led him to his long-term imprisonment following the Rivonia Trial. He was held at Robben Island and Pollsmoor Prison with Nelson Mandela and Walter Sisulu.

Following his release in 1990, he was elected to serve as a member of parliament, representing the ANC.

Kathrada died at a medical center in Johannesburg from complications of a blood clot in the brain on 28 March 2017, aged 87.


Tom Adams (actor)

Tom Adams (9 March 1938 - 11 December 2014) was an English actor. Adams was known for his roles as Dai Nimmo in "The Great Escape" and as Commander Vorshak in "Doctor Who".

Adams died on 11 December 2014 at the age of 76 at Wexham Park Hospital in Slough, Berkshire from cancer of unknown primary origin.

John Baxter (footballer)

John Baxter (15 October 1936 – 12 December 2014) was a Scottish footballer. He played as a wing half for Hibernian, Falkirk and Clydebank during the 1950s and 1960s. 

He was capped once by Scotland at under–23 level. He played for Hibs in the 1958 Scottish Cup Final, which Hibs lost 1–0 to Clyde.

Baxter died in December 2014, aged 78.

Bob Solinger

Robert Edward "Solly" Solinger (December 23, 1925 – December 10, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. he played 99 games in the National Hockey League. Solinger was born in Star City, Saskatchewan. He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Detroit Red Wings.

Solinger died in Edmonton, Alberta, aged 88, on December 10, 2014.

Jack Swigert

John Leonard "Jack" Swigert Jr. (August 30, 1931 – December 27, 1982) was an American test pilot, mechanical engineer, aerospace engineer, United States Air Force pilot, and NASA astronaut, one of the 24 persons who have flown to the Moon.

Swigert was born in Denver, Colorado. He studied at the University of Colorado Boulder, at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and at University of Hartford. 

Before joining NASA in 1966, Swigert was a civilian test pilot and fighter pilot in the Air National Guard. After leaving NASA, he ran for Senate but lost in a primary election against Bill Armstrong. He later ran for the Congress for Colorado's new 6th district. Swigert won the election, but died before being sworn in.

Swigert was diagnosed with nasal cancer while he was running for Congress. At first doctors believed he would survive after treatment, however he was soon diagnosed with bone marrow cancer after having back pain in August 1982. He died on December 27, 1982 in Washington, D.C. from respiratory failure caused by cancer, aged 51.

President Richard Nixon awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom to the Apollo 13 crew shortly after the end of their mission.

In 1995, Swigert was played by Kevin Bacon in Ron Howard's movie "Apollo 13".


This Is the Army

This Is the Army is a 1943 American wartime comedy-musical movie directed by Michael Curtiz. It was produced Hal B. Wallis and Jack L. Warner. It stars George Murphy, Joan Leslie, Ronald Reagan, Alan Hale, Sr., and Rosemary DeCamp. Joe Louis, Irving Berlin, Kate Smith, and Frances Langford appear as themselves. It was released on August 14, 1943. The movie won an Academy Award and was nominated for two others.

Frances Langford

Julia Frances Newbern-Langford (April 4, 1913 – July 11, 2005) was an American singer and actress. She was popular during the Golden Age of Radio. She also appeared in movies such as in "This Is the Army" and in "Yankee Doodle Dandy". Langford was born in Lakeland, Florida.

Langford died in Jensen Beach, Florida from congestive heart failure, aged 92.

Jensen Beach, Florida

Jensen Beach is a census-designated place (CDP) in Martin County, Florida, United States. The population was 12,652 at the 2020 census.

Bill Bonds

Bill Bonds (February 23, 1932 – December 13, 2014) was an American television anchor and reporter. He was best known for his work at WXYZ-TV in Detroit, Michigan. Bonds became an Action News anchorman beginning in the early 1970s.

Bonds died at his home in Southfield, Michigan on December 13, 2014, from a heart attack.

Superman: Ultimate Flight

Superman: Ultimate Flight is a steel roller coaster designed by Bolliger and Mabillard. It has been installed at three Six Flags theme parks around the United States. These are Six Flags Great Adventure, Six Flags Great America and Six Flags Over Georgia. Another park, Six Flags Discovery Kingdom has a shorter version with a more twisted course.

Michael A. Epstein

Sir Michael Anthony Epstein CBE, FRS FMedSci (18 May 1921 – 6 February 2024) was a British virologist of Jewish descent. He was one of the discoverers of the Epstein-Barr virus. 

Epstein was Professor of Pathology, 1968-85, and Head of Department, 1968-82 at the University of Bristol. In 1979 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of London and was its Vice-President from 1986 to 1991.

He died on 6 February 2024, at the age of 102.


Zero-point energy

Zero-point energy is the energy of the vacuum space, the space between the subatomic particles within atoms. There are a few theories about how much energy there is in that space. There is the theory that there is an incredibly small, very near-zero amount, the theory that there is zero energy there, the theory that the amount of energy is indeterminable, and the theory that a cubic centimetre of vacuum has a few levels of magnitude more energy than would be required to create the Big Bang.

If you look at the way physics is going, there are atoms, then there are subatomic particles making up atoms (e.g. electrons, protons, neutrons), then further subatomic particles making up those subatomic particles (e.g. quarks, gluons), and now there is string theory. String theory says that those smallest subatomic particles are made of vibrating strings of energy, and that those strings have practically no actual width whatsoever. So all the matter of the universe could be compressed into an extremely small space, hence the Big Bang theory. If this is the case, the large energy interpretation of zero-point energy seems likely.

The term "zero-point" comes from the cooling of helium to 0 kelvin. Even at fractions below 1 Kelvin, the helium stays fluid with no signs of freezing.



Black Christmas (1974 movie)

Black Christmas (also released as Silent Night, Evil Night, and Stranger in the House) is a 1974 Canadian independent horror movie. It was directed and produced by Bob Clark. "Black Christmas" was released on October 11, 1974 in Canada, December 20, 1974 in the United States, and on October 12, 1975 in the United Kingdom. The movie is inspired by the urban legend "The Babysitter and the Man Upstairs" and is also based on murders that took place in Quebec around Christmas. The movie is considered to be one of the first slasher movies. There was a remake that was made and released on Christmas of 2006.

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 63% "Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

A remake of the same name was released in 2006.


Black Christmas (2006 movie)

Black Christmas (also abbreviated as Black X-Mas) is a 2006 Canadian-American slasher movie. It was directed by Glen Morgan and was produced by Marty Adelstein, Steve Hoban, Glen Morgan, Dawn Parouse, Victor Solnicki, and James Wong. "Black Christmas" was released on December 15, 2006 in the United Kingdom and on December 25, 2006 in the United States. The movie is loose remake of the 1974 movie with the same name.

In December 2006, before the movie's premiere, it gained some criticism from religious groups because of its graphic content in a holiday setting, and the distributor's choice to release the movie on Christmas Day in the United States.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 14% "rotten" rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Sam Adams of the Los Angeles Times was quoted as saying "Like an ugly tie or a pair of slipper socks, Black Christmas is destined to be forgotten the instant it's unwrapped, gathering dust until the season rolls around again".

I Still Know What You Did Last Summer

I Still Know What You Did Last Summer is a 1998 slasher movie and a sequel to the 1997 movie "I Know What You Did Last Summer". Directed by Danny Cannon, the movie was written by Trey Callaway, and features characters originally created in Lois Duncan's 1973 novel "I Know What You Did Last Summer". Jennifer Love Hewitt, Matthew Lillard, Freddie Prinze, Jr. and Muse Watson reprise their roles, with Brandy Norwood, Linda Cardellini, Mekhi Phifer, Jennifer Esposito, and Matthew Settle joining the cast. "I Still Know What You Did Last Summer" continues after the events of the first movie.

Callaway's script was published in an edited "young adult" format, leaving in all descriptions of violence but omitting the harsher language. Recording took place in Mexico and California. "I Still Know What You Did Last Summer" was released to negative reviews, but was a box office success, grossing $84 million worldwide. It is the second installment of "I Know What You Did Last Summer" series and was followed by "I'll Always Know What You Did Last Summer" in 2006.

One year after the events of the first movie, Julie James and George Bronson are attending summer classes in Boston, to avoid returning to their hometown of Southport, North Carolina. She suffers from memories and nightmares of the accident and brutal murders of her friends by the vengeful fisherman, Ben Willis, from the summer before.
Julie and George's roommate Karla Wilson receives a phone call from a local radio station, and wins an all-expenses-paid vacation to the Bahamas for the Fourth of July weekend. Julie invites her boyfriend and George's brother, Ray Bronson. He declines, but later changes his mind and plans to show up as a surprise and propose.

That evening, Ray and his co-worker Dave drive to Boston to meet Julie and George. They stop due to a BMW and body in the middle of the road. Ray discovers that the body is a mannequin dressed in fisherman's clothing. Suddenly, Ben Willis appears and kills Dave with his hook. Ben takes Ray's truck and chases him down the road. Ray gets away, but he is injured from falling down a hill.

The next morning, Julie, George and Karla depart on the trip with Karla's boyfriend Tyrell and their friend, Will Benson and Marlene Kennedy. The group arrives at the hotel in Tower Bay, only to find that other guests are leaving due to the imminent hurricane season. To her surprise, Julie is sharing a hotel room with Will and George is sharing a hotel room with Marlene. That evening at the hotel's bar, Julie is talked into singing karaoke. She stops when the words “I STILL KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER” roll onto the screen. Terrified, she runs back to her room and is met by Will, who laid out flowers and a love note for her. Julie sidesteps Will's affection for her, while Tyrell and Karla (and later Will) get into the hot tub.

Julie notices that her toothbrush is missing. She, Marlene and George search the room and finds the dockhand Darik hanging dead in the closet. They find Tyrell, Karla, and Will, but when they return there is no sign of Darick's body. The hotel manager refuses to believe their story and Julie and George try to call the police, but the phone lines are dead due to the incoming hurricane. Ben arrives at the hotel and kills the employees.

The following day, the group finds that the hotel staff and the manager have been murdered, and the two-way radio, their only way of contact, has been destroyed. Isolated, Julie and George tell the others about the previous summer. Tyrell suspects that Estes, the boat hand porter, is the killer, since he is the only one who cannot be found. The group goes to Estes’ apartment, searching for clues. They find Julie's toothbrush and Karla's hair tie, concluding Estes has been using voodoo to protect them. Estes appears and leads them to a graveyard in the forest with the graves of Ben's wife and daughter, and two empty graves and tombstones with Julie and George's names. Estes explains that Ben and his wife Sarah had two children: son Will and daughter Susie. Ben murdered Sarah in the hotel room that Julie is staying in when he found out about her affair and her plans to leave him with their children.

Estes goes missing, and Will volunteers to find him. Julie, George, Marlene, Karla, and Tyrell return to the hotel and gather supplies to defend themselves. They head to the hotel kitchen for something to eat, and find Nancy, the bartender, hiding in the freezer. Will finds Estes, but he attacks Will while Ray takes a boat to the island. Ben appears and stabs Tyrell in the throat with his hook, killing him. The girls retreat to the attic, where Karla is attacked by Ben. They both fall through to the hotel bedroom below. Karla runs from the room and jumps onto the greenhouse. Julie, George, Marlene and Nancy rescue Karla and run to the storm cellar to take refuge. They find that the storm cellar stores Ben's victims. Will bursts in and convinces the girls to head back to the hotel, stating that he saw Ben on the beach.

Back at the hotel, Julie and George see Will is bleeding from his stomach, so Nancy takes Karla to find a first aid kit. Nancy and Karla find Estes has been impaled with a harpoon. Ben appears and kills Nancy. Back in the lobby, Julie and George are tending to Will, unable to find a wound. Will admits this is because it is not his blood. He asks Julie what her favorite radio station is, revealing he was the radio host and killed Estes. Will drags Julie, Marlene and George to the graveyard, and tells her he is Ben's son. Ben appears and attacks Julie, Marlene and George. Ray arrives, and a fight ensues between him and Will. When Ben tries to stab Ray, he accidentally kills Will instead, after George saved Ray from getting stabbed. While Ben is distraught from killing his son, Julie and George take two guns and shoot him in the chest. Ben falls dead into the grave made for Julie, Marlene and George. Back at the hotel, Karla is found alive. The five are rescued by the coast guard.

Sometime later, Ray and Julie have married and are in their new home. Ray is brushing his teeth before bed and Julie is in their bedroom. The bathroom door is quietly shut and locked while Ray is occupied. Julie sits down on her bed, looks in the mirror, and sees Ben under the bed. She screams as Ben grabs her feet with his hook and hand and pulls her under leaving her fate unknown.


Fragmentation (reproduction)

In biology, fragmentation is when a body breaks up into two or more parts and these parts grow into new individuals. Fragmentation can be seen in certain algae such as spirogyra.

Joey Bishop

Joey Bishop (February 3, 1918 – October 17, 2007) born Joseph Abraham Gottlieb, was an American entertainer. He appeared on television as early as 1948 and eventually starred in his own weekly comedy series playing a talk show host. He then later hosted a late night talk show. 

He later became a member of the "Rat Pack" with Frank Sinatra, Peter Lawford, Sammy Davis, Jr., and Dean Martin. Bishop was born in The Bronx, New York.

Bishop died from heart failure in Newport Beach, California, aged 89.


Peter Lawford

Peter Sydney Ernest Lawford (born Peter Sydney Ernest Aylen; September 7, 1923 – December 24, 1984) was an English-born American actor and singer. He was born in London.

He was a member of the "Rat Pack" along with Dean Martin. He was married to Patricia Kennedy. Lawford then became the brother-in-law to President John F. Kennedy. He had four children; including Christopher.

From the 1940s to the 1960s, he had a strong role in popular culture and starred in a number of popular movies.

Lawford died from cardiac arrest caused by renal failure and liver failure in Los Angeles, California, aged 61.


Inside Out (2015 movie)

Inside Out is a 2015 American computer animated comedy-drama adventure movie. It was produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The movie is directed by one of Pixar's leading talents Pete Docter. The film was shown at the Cannes Film Festival on May 19, 2015 and was released on June 19, 2015.

Riley Anderson is an 11-year-old girl. She moves from Minnesota to San Francisco with her family. This affects a number of emotions in her head that each control her feelings, thoughts, and memories. The five emotion characters are: Joy, Anger, Disgust, Fear, and Sadness. Each of the characters has power over an island of Riley's life, which represent different parts of her personality. 
After a bad series of events at her first day of school, Joy and Sadness get sucked out of Headquarters, where the 5 emotions work. The rest of the movie consists of the other 3 emotions trying to compensate for Joy's absence but failing to.
Near the end of the movie, after Riley tries running away out of homesickness, Sadness and Joy come back. After every emotion tried discarding Sadness in the past, she stops Riley from going back to Minnesota. Riley then goes back to her new house and cries about missing her old home with her parents, with Joy and Sadness in control. After she finishes crying, a bittersweet yellow and blue memory comes out, made by the both of them. This is Riley's first mixed-emotion memory. This memory makes the emotions realize that Sadness also plays an important role in Riley's life.

2015 in movies


House of Grimaldi

The House of Grimaldi is associated with the history of the Republic of Genoa, Italy and of the Principality of Monaco. The head of the present family is Prince Albert II of Monaco. He is the son of Rainier III, Prince of Monaco and Grace Kelly. The state is also well known for having a Princess in her own right. 

<br>

Anglosphere

Anglosphere is a term used to mean the group of English-speaking nations with a similar cultural heritage. 
The Anglosphere includes the United Kingdom, the United States, and the main members of the Commonwealth of Nations such as Canada (except the majority French-speaking province of Quebec and the majority Inuit-speaking territory of Nunavut), Australia and New Zealand. Ireland, a former Commonwealth of Nations member, is in the Anglosphere. 

The term was invented at the end of the 20th century.

The word means more than just those countries where English is a first or second language. To be considered part of the Anglosphere requires sharing basic customs and values. "Nations comprising the Anglosphere share a common historical narrative in which the Magna Carta, the English and American Bills of Rights, and such Common law principles as trial by jury, presumption of innocence". Since the Great Rapprochement of the early 20th century, the United States and Great Britain were far more friendly than before. Their military alliance during World War II has lasted ever since. 

By the time of the 2003 Iraq war the political use of the word meant the cultural tendency towards military intervention, particularly by the US, the UK and Australia. Strategically, the word has come to mean that the US is usually backed by Britain and Australia, but not so much by Canada. In this sense, Canada is and sometimes is not considered a part of the Anglosphere. This has been since the Pierre Trudeau era. The United States of America is generally considered by many to be the dominant country in the Anglosphere.

Some go so far as to call it an Anglospherist school of thought. This holds that English speaking countries are becoming a separate civilization in their own right. Anglosphere theorists point out that there is no intent to build an Anglosphere superstate like the European Union. The term was coined (used for the first time) by science fiction writer Neal Stephenson. He used it in his novel "The Diamond Age".



Wild Card (movie)

Wild Card is a 2015 crime drama movie. Jason Statham plays security guard Nick Wild, who has a gambling problem. Stanley Tucci plays Baby. Anne Heche plays Roxy.

The movie was released by Lionsgate. It is based on the novel "Heat". It is a remake of a movie from 1986 called "Heat".

Let's Go Pocoyo

Let's Go Pocoyo is a Spanish animated television series created by Zinkia Entertainment. The series is about a 10-year-old boy named Pocoyo and his friends Baby Bird (a bird), Elly (an elephant), Fred (an octopus), Loula (a dog) and Pato (a duck).


The show was filmed sometime in .


Geoff Downes

Geoffrey "Geoff" Downes (born 25 August 1952) is an English rock songwriter, record producer, and musician, mainly a keyboardist. He is mainly known as a member of the New wave duo The Buggles, progressive rock band Yes, and supergroup Asia.


2014 Sydney hostage crisis

On 15 and 16 December 2014, there was a hostage crisis in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Seventeen people were taken hostage by a gunman at 9:44 a.m. in a Lindt chocolate café in Martin Place on 15 December. The gunman has been identified as Iranian immigrant Man Haron Monis. He had a criminal record and supported Islamic terrorism. Five people, three workers and two customers, escaped after being held by Monis for several hours. Monis shot one hostage who died. Seventeen hours after the crisis started, the police raided the café at 2:44 a.m. on the morning of 16 December. The gunman died during when the police shot him in the head. Another hostage was killed by police bullet fragments. Four other people were injured. There has been world-wide condemnation of the attack.

Active transport

Active transport is when molecules move across a cell membrane from a lower concentration to a higher concentration. This takes energy, often from adenosine triphosphate (ATP). Active transport is done so cells get what they need, such as ions, glucose and amino acids. 

In general, molecules move from an area of higher concentration to an area of lower concentration. To get molecules into the cell "against" the concentration gradient, work must be done. The work is done in special proteins which act as ports in the cell membrane. The imports must come through the ports: they cannot get through the bilipid layer of the cell membrane.

There are three main types of protein ports in cell membranes: 

Andreas Schockenhoff

Andreas Schockenhoff (February 23, 1957 – 13 December 2014) was a German politician of the CDU. From 1990 until his death in 2014, he served as a member of the German Bundestag. In the general election in 2013, he was elected the seventh consecutive year as a direct mandate for the federal electoral district Ravensburg in the German Bundestag. Schockenhoff was born in Ludwigsburg, Germany.

Schockenhoff died in Ravensburg, Germany, aged 57.

Joan Barril

Joan Barril i Cuixart (20 January 1952 – 13 December 2014) was a Spanish journalist and writer. He was born in Barcelona, Spain. He was known for his writing columns in "El País", "La Vanguardia" and in "El Periódico de Catalunya".

Barril died in Barcelona, Spain from pneumonia, aged 62.


David H. Gambrell

David Henry Gambrell (December 20, 1929 – May 6, 2021) was an American politician. Gambrell served in the United States Senate representing Georgia from 1971 through 1972. He was appointed to the Senate by President Jimmy Carter.

Gambrell died on May 6, 2021 in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 91.

George A. Sinner

George Albert Sinner (May 19, 1928 – March 9, 2018) was an American politician. He served as the 29th Governor of North Dakota from 1985 through 1992. He served two four-year terms as governor.

Sinner died on March 9, 2018 in Fargo of pneumonia at the age of 89.


Caravan

A caravan may refer to:




Caravan (travellers)

A caravan (from ) is a group of people traveling together. Often they are on a trade expedition. Caravans were used mainly in desert areas and throughout the Silk Road. Traveling in groups aided in defense against bandits, in the same way that convoys at sea helped protect against piracy. It also helped improve economies of scale in trade. In the 14th century there were reports of caravans of up to 12,000 camels.

In historical times, caravans traveled across East Asia and Europe. They often carried luxurious and lucrative goods, such as silks or jewelry. They would trade these for salt, gold, copper or slaves. At first donkey carts were used. They were replaced with the single hump camel. The camel could go great distances on very little water. 

Caravans could require a large investment in goods and camels. They were a rich target for bandits. The profits from a successful trade journey could be great. Many rulers along important trade routes created caravanserai (way stations). These were places where caravans could refresh their animals and supplies can be replenished. However, the volume a caravan could transport was limited. For example, a caravan of 500 camels could only transport as much as a third or half of the goods carried by a regular Byzantine merchant sailing ship.

Present-day caravans still transport important goods in less-developed areas of the world. Examples are the camel trains traversing the southern edges of the Sahara Desert. Also, modern caravans are often made up of cars, trucks and busses.

Flying University

Flying University (or "Floating University") was a counterculture educational activist group in Warsaw, Poland. They gathered in private apartments to teach history and the Polish language to students. The group operated for 20 years from 1885 to 1905. Warsaw was then under the control of the Russian Empire. Marie Curie became a student here after being banned from Warsaw University because of her sex. 

Because I Said So

Because I Said So is a 2007 romantic comedy movie. The movie is about an overbearing mother who is concerned about her three daughters. Diane Keaton plays Daphne. Mandy Moore plays Milly. Piper Perabo plays Mae. Lauren Graham plays Maggie.

"Because I Said So" got negative reviews from critics. But it did very well at the box office. It took in more than $69 million against a $39 million budget.

Piper Perabo

Piper Perabo (born October 31, 1976) is an American actress. She acts in movies, television and on stage. In the movie "Whiteboyz", she played Sara. She played Violet "Jersey" Sanford in "Coyote Ugly".

Perabo was born in Dallas, Texas. She grew up in Toms River, New Jersey.

Lauren Graham

Lauren Graham (born March 16, 1967) is an American actress, producer and novelist. She played Lorelai Gilmore on "Gilmore Girls". She played Sarah Braverman in the TV series "Parenthood".

Graham was born in Honolulu, Hawaii.

The Blue Meanie

Brian Daniel Heffron (born May 18, 1973) is an American professional wrestler and actor. He is better known by his ring name The Blue Meanie. He is best known for his time with Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) from 1995 to 2000 and World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). Heffron's ring name is a reference to the Blue Meanies, the creatures from the 1968 movie, "Yellow Submarine".

In ECW, Heffron was known for his time in the Blue World Order, which was a parody of World Championship Wrestling (WCW)'s top heel group, the nWo. In the bWo, Meanie played a parody of nWo member Scott Hall and was named Da Blue Guy which was a parody of Scott Hall's nickname "The Bad Guy".




Eastcote

Eastcote is a suburban area in west London. (It was in Middlesex until the county was abolished in 1965). It is part of the London Borough of Hillingdon. In the Middle Ages, Eastcote was one of the three areas that made up the parish of Ruislip, under the name of Ascot. The name came from its position to the east of the parish. From the mid-17th century there were clusters of small hamlets in this area.

Monster Buster Club

Monster Buster Club is a children's comedy action animated television program series. It was created by Vincent Chalvon-Demersay and David Michel and by Marathon Media and Image Entertainment Corporation Inc. The series was first shown on TV in France on TF1, October 29, 2007. In the United States it began on June 9, 2008. In Asia it started on May 3, 2008. The show was first shown on Canada's Television channel YTV in 2008. The series ended in 2009.

This show is about three twelve-year-olds, helped by an alien girl named Cathy, who are all charged with saving their town from alien invasions. With her grandfather, they reform a secret organization that was founded centuries ago called the Monster Buster Club, often abbreviated to MBC. The goal of the MBC is to locate alien criminals seeking refuge in Single Town, capture them, and send them to galactic authorities.


Mieszko II Lambert

Mieszko II Lambert (ca. 990 - May 10, 1034) was a king of Poland from 1025 to 1031, and a duke of Poland from 1032 to 1034 from the Piast dynasty. He was the second son of Boleslaw I the Brave. He is the third known Polish ruler. He was father of Casimir I.

He was probably named after Mieszko I of Poland, who was his grandfather.

In 1028 and in 1030 he attacked Saxony. Later, Poland was attacked by Germany, Bohemia, and Kiev. When Poland was attacked by Yaroslav the Wise in 1031, Mieszko lost control over Poland. 

Self storage

Self storage is a place where rooms or spaces are rented to individuals and companies. These can very large rooms or outside spaces, or as small as a simple locker. These spaces are usually rented on a short term lease, or on a month by month basis.

A business may use self storage as a way to free up expensive office space to store company files, inventory, equipment, furniture and other items.

The person or business leasing the space is responsible for placing items inside. The storage company does not usually have access to the spaces.

The money spent on self storage in the USA was estimated to be $24 billion in 2013.

Walking stick

A walking stick is a device used by many people to help keep their balance while walking. Others use them as an accessory. Walking sticks come in many shapes and sizes, and can be sought by collectors. Some kinds of walking stick may be used by people with disabilities as a crutch or cane. The walking stick has also historically been known to be used as a defensive or offensive weapon, and may conceal a knife or sword as in a swordstick. The "tippling cane" contained a flask usually to hold a small amount of liquor. The Quarterstaff and the Shillelagh are also walking sticks.

A quarterstaff was a traditional European walking stick/weapon used from the middle age to the Early Modern period. It was usually a 
shaft of hardwood from long. It was used the same as a walking stick but also as a weapon. It was later called a "short staff" as it became shorter. The term is best known from the legends of Robin Hood. In many versions of the story, he fights variously a monk, Little John or others with a quarterstaff. In most versions Robin Hood loses and ends up in the stream.

From about 1550 until 1930, walking sticks were a fashion accessory. They were not much used for walking but were more worn. A proper lady or gentleman would never be without their walking stick or cane. Many were elegant canes with highly decorated handles. Sometime during the 17th century, the decorated walking stick replaced the sword carried by aristocrats as a status symbol. 

Walking sticks, sometimes called a hiking stick or trekking pole, are used by hikers. They are used for support when going uphill or downhill. A good walking stick or pole helps hikers keep their balance while crossing streams or rocks. Modern hiking poles are made of aluminum (or composite materials). They can telescope to fit tall or short hikers. Many have shock absorbers to ease back, shoulder and knee strain.

A shillelagh is a wooden walking stick and club or cudgel, typically a thick knotty stick with a large knob at the top. Many are made from oak or willow. Some are made from the blackthorn bush. In the British Army, blackthorn sticks are carried by commissioned officers of the Royal Irish Regiment. The Shillelagh is associated with Ireland and Irish folklore.

The walking stick is a weapon in martial arts. Both stick training and "shinai" (sword) training use the walking stick. Some are light but shinai-weight and heavier are more common. It can be less lethal than a sword but is deadly against a knife or similar weapons. With practice a walking stick user can deliver a "kote-man" or double-strike. Once to the wrist (holding the knife) followed instantly by a second blow to the assailant's head. The walking stick has the added advantage it does not look like a weapon. It looks fairly harmless.

A sword cane was a long thin steel blade encased in a sheath. The sheath was the cane or, in the case of a swordstick, a walking stick. Andrew Jackson carried a sword-cane and was known to have used it. In many modern jurisdictions the ownership, carrying, manufacturing or trading in sword canes is restricted by law. In some places they are considered a concealed weapon.

A collector of walking sticks is termed a rabologist.



Chakri

Chakradhar Gilla (known as Chakri) (15 June 1974 – 15 December 2014) was an Indian music composer and singer. He works for Tollywood movies. He won the Filmfare Award for Best Male Playback Singer – Telugu for the movie "Satyam" (2003). His song named "O Maguva Nee Sneham Kosam" from his movie "Satyam" was thought to be his best known work. Chakri was born in Mahabubabad, Telangana.

Chakri died from a heart attack in Hyderabad, Telangana, aged 40.

John McVie

John Graham "Mac" McVie (born 26 November 1945) is a British bass guitarist. He is best known as a member of rock groups John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers and Fleetwood Mac. He joined Fleetwood Mac shortly after its formation by guitarist Peter Green in 1967. He replaced bassist Bob Brunning.

In 1968, he married blues pianist and singer Christine Perfect, who became a member of Fleetwood Mac two years later. John and Christine McVie divorced, however, in 1977.

On 27 October 2013, Fleetwood Mac announced on their Facebook Page that McVie had been diagnosed with cancer and would be undergoing treatment. He has continued to play with the band during their 2014 On With The Show tour following an improvement in his condition.


Louis Alphonse Koyagialo

Louis Alphonse Daniel Koyagialo Ngbase te Gerengbo (23 March 1947 – 14 December 2014) was a Congolese politician. He was Deputy Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the second cabinet of Prime Minister Adolphe Muzito. He was responsible for the Ministry of Postal Services, Telephones, and Telecommunications . He became Acting Prime Minister on 6 March 2012 after Prime Minister Muzito resigned.

Saint Lucy

Saint Lucy (283–304) was born in Syracuse, Italy. Lucy’s mother tried to arrange a marriage for her. Lucy did not want to marry. Her mother agreed, but the rejected bridegroom was not happy. He betrayed Lucy to the governor as a Christian. Lucy was killed. She died at age 21.


Saint Emiliana

Saint Emiliana was a Christian saint. She was born in Rome. Her feast day is January 5. She was a mystic person (a spiritual and faithful person).

Emiliana and her sister Tharsilla were aunts of Pope Gregory I. Their uncle was Pope Felix III. They treated their house like a convent. They were spiritual and committed to God. They wanted to help the world. Tharsilla died on December 24. A few days after Tharsilla died, she appeared to Emiliana. Emiliana died on January 5.

Louis III, Prince of Condé

Louis de Bourbon, or Louis III, Prince of Condé (10 November 1668 - 4 March 1710) was a Prince of the blood at the French court of Louis XIV. Styled as the Duke of Bourbon from birth, he succeeded his father as Prince of Condé in 1709. He was commonly called "Monsieur le Duc". However, he was known by the lesser ducal title. He was prince for less than a year. As a member of the reigning House of Bourbon, he was a "prince du sang". He was governor of Burgundy from 1709 to 1710. He was forced to marry an illegitimate daughter of Louis XIV.



Raquel Castro

Raquel Castro (born November 17, 1994) is an American actress and singer-songwriter. She played Gertie in "Jersey Girl" in 2004. She played Destiny in "Little Fugitive".

Castro was born in Long Island, New York.

Nick Cravat

Nicholas Cuccia (January 11, 1912 – January 29, 1994), known as Nick Cravat, was an American actor and stuntman. He co-starred with Burt Lancaster in nine movies. He played a mute character in movies such as "Davy Crockett" and "King of the Wild Frontier". He did not have speaking roles because he could not hide his thick Brooklyn accent.

Cravat was born in New York City. On January 29, 1994 he died of lung cancer in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California.

Dennis Morgan

Dennis Morgan (December 30, 1908 – September 7, 1994) was an American actor and singer. He played Jefferson in "Christmas in Connecticut". He played Paul Hudson in "The Desert Song".

Morgan was born Stanley Morner in Prentice, Wisconsin, on December 30, 1908. He died in Fresno, California of respiratory failure on September 7, 1994.

Francisco Ibáñez Talavera

Francisco Ibáñez Talavera (15 March 1936 – 15 July 2023), Spanish comic book artist and writer. He was born in Barcelona, Spain. He is the creator of several comic book series. The most famous series he created is "Mortadelo y Filemón".

Ibáñez worked in a bank while publishing his first drawings before dedicating himself fully to his craft in 1957. A year later, "Mortadelo y Filemón" appeared for the first time in the publication "Pulgarcito". After that Ibáñez created several other characters. Since 1988, he has drawn six new "Mortadelo y Filemón" albums a year. Many of them concern common issues of the day.

In 1994, he received the Grand Prize of the "Salón del Cómic de Barcelona". In 2001 he received the "Medalla de Oro al Mérito en las Bellas Artes" ("Gold Medal for Contributions to the Fine Arts"). He received the "Premios Notario del Humor" 2008 from the University of Alicante.
Ibáñez married Remedios Solera Sánchez in 1966, with whom he had two daughters.

Ibáñez died in Barcelona on 15 July 2023, at the age of 87.

Pulgarcito

Pulgarcito (Spanish for "Tom Thumb") was a weekly illustrated magazine in Spain. It was published by Editorial Bruguera. It was first named "El Gato Negro". It had a black cat as its logo from June 1921 to 1986.

"Pulgarcito" had short stories, articles, pastimes, and jokes, with only a few comic strips. Economic difficulties caused by the Spanish Civil War led to only 13 issues being published between 1945 and 1947. It was brought back after 1952. It had with more space given to comic strips when it returned. It also had a new set of new comic characters, including:





Both Ibáñez and Jan worked on "Pulgarcito" during its last years. With the demise of the Editorial Bruguera publishing house, "Pulgarcito" was discontinued.

Shapeshifting

Shapeshifting is the act of being able to change into another being or form. The idea of shapeshifting has been around since the Middle Ages. It has been used in literature and epic poems, including works such as "Peleus and Thetis" and the "Iliad". The trend of shapeshifting is still being done today. It is a theme in children's literature, and works of popular culture.


Don L. Anderson

Don Lynn Anderson (March 5, 1933 – December 2, 2014) was an American geophysicist. Anderson’s work was about seismology, solid state physics, geochemistry and petrology to explain how the Earth works. Anderson was born in Frederick, Maryland.

Anderson died of cancer in Cambria, California, aged 81.


Norman Bridwell

Norman Bridwell (February 15, 1928 – December 12, 2014) was an American author, cartoonist, and philanthropist. He was best known for creating "Clifford the Big Red Dog". Bridwell as born in Kokomo, Indiana.non of this is true

Bridwell died on December 12, 2014 of heart failure at the age of 86 in Edgartown, Massachusetts.

Treaty of Waitangi

The Treaty of Waitangi, , was a treaty that was signed on 6 February 1840 at Waitangi, New Zealand. It was signed by European settlers and by Māori chiefs. It is widely considered to be a founding document of New Zealand. The Treaty of Waitangi marked the start of the official domination of New Zealand by Great Britain. The legal status and modern relevance of the treaty has been at a disagreement for a long time. The day on which the Treaty of Waitangi was signed, 6 February, is the National Day of New Zealand.



Priscilla Morrill

Priscilla Morrill (June 4, 1927 – November 9, 1994) was an American actress. She was well known for playing Edie Grant on "The Mary Tyler Moore Show". She also played Elaine Hogan on the TV show "Family".

Morrill was born in Boston, Massachusetts. She died from complications of a kidney infection in Los Angeles at age 67.

Stuart Little (movie)

Stuart Little is a 1999 American Family comedy movie. It was directed by Rob Minkoff and was produced by Douglas Wick. "Stuart Little" was released on December 17, 1999. The movie is loosely based on the E. B. White novel, "Stuart Little".

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 66% "Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes. "Stuart Little" was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects, but it lost to "The Matrix". The movie spawned a sequel in 2002 titled "Stuart Little 2", a short-lived TV show "" in 2003, and another sequel in 2006, "" which went direct-to-video.

The movie was both Estelle Getty's last movie before she retired in 2000 as well as her last movie before her death in 2008.



Insulated glazing

Insulated glazing, otherwise known as double glazing or triple glazing, refers to the layers of glass in a window. A double glazed window is two panes of glass (also called a lite) with a sealed air (or gas) space in the middle. The edges are sealed together with an air-tight spacer. This is used so that heat cannot escape through the air space by conduction or convection. Heat radiation is not affected as it can travel through a vacuum space. To increase the R-value of insulated windows are sealed with argon gas.

<br>

Louis Henri, Duke of Bourbon

Louis Henri de Bourbon, Duke of Bourbon, Prince of Condé (Louis Henri Joseph; 18 August 1692 – 27 January 1740) was head of the Prince of Condé and a cousin of the then reigning House of Bourbon from 1710 to his death, and served as prime minister to his kinsman Louis XV from 1723 to 1726.

Despite succeeding as head of the House of Condé in 1709, he never used that name, preferring the title "Duke of Bourbon", and was known at court as "Monsieur le Duc". As a member of the reigning House of Bourbon, he was a "Prince of the blood".

On 9 July 1713 at Versailles, he married Marie Anne de Bourbon who died in 1720. Marie Anne was the eldest daughter of Marie Thérèse de Bourbon and her husband, François Louis, Prince de Conti. The couple had no children.

Secondly on 23 July 1728 he married Caroline of Hesse-Rotenburg and they had one son;



Fourth wall

The fourth wall is the imaginary "wall" at the front of the stage in a traditional three-walled theatre. In a theatre, the fourth wall is the one through which the audience sees the action of the play. The idea of the fourth wall was made famous by philosopher and critic Denis Diderot. It was used more in the 19th century. The fourth wall extended the idea of an imaginary boundary between any fictional work and its audience.

If an actor speaks directly to the audience, does something to the audience, or even simply notices the audience, it is known as "breaking the fourth wall". In a movie, or on television, this can be done by the actor speaking directly to the camera. This breaks a boundary normally set up or assumed by works of fiction. It is known as a metafictional technique. In literature and video games, it happens when a character acknowledges the reader or player.

The fourth wall is not the same as a soliloquy. A soliloquy is a dramatic device used by playwrights where the character on stage gives a monologue which gives the audience insight into their thoughts.

The acceptance of the transparency of the fourth wall is part of the suspension of disbelief between a fictional work and an audience. It allows them to enjoy the fiction as if they were observing real events. Although the critic Vincent Canby described it in 1987 as "that invisible scrim that forever separates the audience from the stage".

The metaphor of the fourth wall has been used by the actor Sir Ian McKellen to describe the work of the painter L. S. Lowry:
"... stood across the road from his subjects and observed. Often enough there are a number of individuals in a crowd peering back at him. They invite us momentarily into their world, like characters on a stage sometimes do, breaking the fourth-wall illusion."
McKellen said that "Lowry’s mid-air viewpoint is like a view from the dress circle", looking down as if to a stage. And, McKellen argues, Lowry "often marks the limits of the street scene with curbstones or a pavement that feel like the edge of the stage where the footlights illuminate the action."

The metaphor of the fourth wall has been used by literary critic David Barnett to "The Harvard Lampoon"'s parody of "The Lord of the Rings". He says a character breaks the rules of storytelling by referring to the text itself. The character Frodo observes "it was going to be a long epic", which in Barnett's view "breaks the fourth wall.

Woody Allen broke the fourth wall several times in his movie "Annie Hall". Allen explained, "because I felt many of the people in the audience had the same feelings and the same problems. I wanted to talk to them directly and confront them."

"Akira Kurosawa" also broke the fourth wall at the end of his neorealistic drama "One Wonderful Sunday".

Fourth wall breaks are also used for comedic effect. Mel Brooks breaks the fourth wall in many of his movies, sometimes literally. In "Blazing Saddles", the climactic fight scene between the townspeople and the outlaws was so big that it literally breaks into other parts of the movie studio.

On television, breaking the fourth wall is rare. It has been done throughout the history of the medium. George Burns did it many times on the 1950s sitcom he starred in with his real-life wife Gracie Allen. "It's Garry Shandling's Show" and "Mrs Brown's Boys" both have their title character walking between sets mid-scene. The latter shows characters re-doing the same scenes over when they missed a line of the dialogue. Another television character who regularly breaks the fourth wall is Francis Urquhart in the British TV drama series "House of Cards", "To Play the King" and "The Final Cut". Urquhart talks to the audience several times during each episode. He gives the viewer comments on his own actions on the show. The same technique is also used in the American adaptation of "House of Cards".


Boethius

Anicius Manlius Severinus Boethius, commonly called Boethius (; also Boetius ; 477 – 524 AD), was a Roman philosopher. He was from the important Roman Anicia family, which included the Roman Emperors Petronius Maximus and Olybrius. In 510 Boethius became consul in the kingdom of the Ostrogoths. He was put in prison and later executed, by King Theodoric the Great, who thought he was secretly working with the Byzantine Empire. In prison, Boethius wrote the Latin philosophy book Consolation of Philosophy. In the Middle Ages, it was a famous and important book.

Kristina Orbakaitė

Kristina Orbakaitе (, , born 25 May 1971), is a Russian singer and actress. She is the daughter of Russian pop star Alla Pugacheva and Lithuanian circus performer Mykolas Orbakas.



Tamara Gverdtsiteli

Tamara "Tamriko" Gverdtsiteli (, , born 18 January 1962 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian-Russian singer, actress and composer. She is a People's Artist of Ingushetia, Georgia (since 1991) and Russia (since 2004).


Bellvale, California

Bellvale is a settlement in San Mateo County, California, located at . The small community is on (La Honda Road) between and . Bellvale is 240 feet above sea level. Bellvale once had a post office, the community is now only sparsely settled with homes and farms. The Bellvale post office, located 2.25 miles west of La Honda, opened in 1897 and was discontinued in 1922. 

Bellvale

Bellvale may refer to: 

Interstellar

Interstellar means "in between the stars". It may refer to:


Bellvale, New York

Bellvale is a wooded hamlet in the town of Warwick in Orange County, New York, United States. It was the site of an iron forge destroyed by British Army soldiers in 1750. Most of its homes and other structures date from before American independence.

Otra Cosa

Otra Cosa ("Another Thing") is the fifth studio album by Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas. It was released worldwide on March 16, 2010.

Otra Cosa Más - EP 


Rooster Teeth

Rooster Teeth Productions, LLC. or Rooster Teeth is a movie making company in Austin, Texas, United States. It makes live action short videos, animated videos, video game animations, and voiced video game playing called "Let's Play". The creator, Burnie Burns, made voice-over videos of Bungie Studios' big first-person shooter video game . These videos led to the making of "Red vs. Blue", an awarded funny science-fiction set of videos released on April 1, 2003. These are still being made, and its 12th season came out on April 28, 2014. Rooster Teeth also makes live-action short videos, funny game play under the name Achievement Hunter, making video games, and full animated videos such as RWBY. Rooster Teeth hosts its community meeting, RTX, yearly in Austin, Texas.

In 2015, Rooster Teeth released its large movie debut, "Lazer Team", a science-fiction funny movie.

On March 6, 2024, it was announced that Rooster Teeth would shut down.

Samsung Galaxy S5

Samsung Galaxy S5, Galaxy S5 or just GS5 is an Android smartphone made by Samsung Electronics. The phone was released on 11 April 2014 in 150 countries as the successor to the Samsung Galaxy S4. Like the S4, the S5 is similar to the prior year's model, placing a large focus on a better build with a textured rear cover and IP67 rating for dust and water proof (up to ), a better user feel, new security items such as a fingerprint scanner and private mode, expanded health items (such as a built-in heart rate scanner), and an updated camera.

The successor of the S5 is the Samsung Galaxy S6.


1980 Republican National Convention

The 1980 National Convention of the Republican Party of the United States. It was held at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, Michigan. It took place from July 14 to July 17, 1980. The 32nd Republican National Convention nominated former Governor Ronald W. Reagan of California for President. It also nominated former congressman George H. W. Bush of Texas for Vice President. 


1980 Republican Party presidential primaries

The 1980 Republican presidential primaries were how voters of the Republican Party chose its nominee for President of the United States in the 1980 U.S. presidential election. 

Former California Governor Ronald Reagan was selected as the nominee through a series of primary elections and caucuses which happened in the Republican National Convention held from July 14 to July 17, 1980, in Detroit, Michigan.

The following potential candidates declined to run for the Republican nomination in 1980.


1968 Republican Party presidential primaries

The 1968 Republican presidential primaries were how voters of the Republican Party chose its nominee for President of the United States in the 1968 U.S. presidential election. 

Former Vice President Richard Nixon was selected as the nominee through a series of primary elections and caucuses which happened in the 1968 Republican National Convention. It was held from August 5 to August 8, 1968, in Miami, Florida.

1968 Republican National Convention

The 1968 National Convention of the Republican Party of the United States was an event held in the Miami Beach Convention Center in Miami Beach, Dade County, Florida, from August 5 to 8, 1968. It was held to choose who would be the Republican Party's candidates for the 1968 United States presidential election. Richard Nixon was chosen for president, and Spiro Agnew was chosen for vice president.

1976 Republican Party presidential primaries

The 1976 Republican presidential primaries were how voters of the Republican Party chose its nominee for President of the United States in the 1976 U.S. presidential election.

Current President Gerald Ford was selected as the nominee through a series of primary elections and caucuses which was held in the 1976 Republican National Convention. It was held from August 16 to August 19, 1976 in Kansas City, Missouri. The 1976 primary was the first Republican primary to hold primaries in every state, the Democrats held the first nationwide primary in 1972.

1976 Republican National Convention

The 1976 Republican National Convention was a United States political convention of the Republican Party that met from August 16 to August 19, 1976 to select the party's nominee for President. 

It was held in Kemper Arena in Kansas City, Missouri, the convention nominated President Gerald R. Ford for a full term, but only after narrowly defeating a strong challenge from former California Governor Ronald W. Reagan. 

The convention also nominated Senator Robert J. Dole of Kansas for Vice President, instead of Vice President Nelson Rockefeller.

1984 Republican Party presidential primaries

The 1984 Republican presidential primaries were how voters of the Republican Party chose its nominee for President of the United States in the 1984 U.S. presidential election. 

Current President Ronald Reagan was again selected as the nominee through a series of primary elections and caucuses which happened in the 1984 Republican National Convention. It was held from August 20 to August 23, 1984 in Dallas, Texas.

The primaries were uneventful as Reagan was bound to win the nomination because of his popularity within the party.

1984 Republican National Convention

The 1984 National Convention of the Republican Party of the United States. It was held on August 20 to August 23, 1984, at Dallas Convention Center in downtown Dallas, Texas. The convention nominated President Ronald W. Reagan and Vice President George H. W. Bush for reelection. 


1992 Republican National Convention

The 1992 National Convention of the Republican Party (GOP) of the United States was held in the Astrodome in Houston, Texas, from August 17 to August 20, 1992. The convention nominated President George H. W. Bush, and Vice President Dan Quayle for reelection. Former president Ronald Reagan made one of his last speeches at the convention.

Juke Girl

Juke Girl is a 1942 American crime drama mystery movie directed by Curtis Bernhardt. It stars Ann Sheridan and Ronald Reagan. It is set in Florida. It was released on May 30, 1942.

The Marrying Man

The Marrying Man (also known as "Too Hot to Handle") is a 1991 American romantic comedy movie. Kim Basinger plays Vicki. Alec Baldwin plays Charley. Elisabeth Shue plays Adele.

The movie received poor reviews from the critics. Basinger earned a Golden Raspberry Award nomination for Worst Actress.

Jungle Fever

Jungle Fever is a 1991 American romance-drama movie set in New York City. This movie is about interracial romance and drug addiction. Wesley Snipes plays Flipper, a married African American architect who has an affair with Italian American Angie, played by Annabella Sciorra. Ruby Dee plays Flipper's mother Mrs Purify. Ossie Davis plays Flipper's father The Good Reverend Doctor. Samuel L. Jackson plays crack cocaine addict Gator. Halle Berry plays Gator's girlfriend Vivian.

This movie got mostly positive reviews from critics.

Alexander Tenenbaum

Alexander Tenenbaum (Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel-Aviv University) is an Israeli medical doctor, university professor, and researcher in the fields of cardiology and diabetes.

Tenenbaum was born in Frunze, former Soviet Union, in 1956. This is where he graduated with a medical degree in 1978. He received a PhD in 1986. Tenenbaum’s research was in the areas of high-altitude medicine heart failure and pulmonary hypertension.

Tenenbaum immigrated to Israel in 1989. He started his work at Sheba Medical Center. During the next twenty years he held several different jobs at this hospital. These included residency in cardiology at the Heart Institute. He was also responsible for the Echocardiography Laboratory at the Cardiac Rehabilitation Institute. In 2003 he was appointed Deputy Director of the institute. Currently he is Scientific Director at the same institute.

Tenenbaum is author or coauthor of about 200 scientific publications. Most of them are original research articles published in critically peer-reviewed renowned medical journals. His research covers echocardiography, cardiac CT, heart failure, cardiac calcification and cardiac rehabilitation. Tenenbaum was especially involved in the research of various aspects of "metabolic syndrome", insulin resistance, obesity and the diabetes/cardiovascular interrelationship including residual risk concept.

As a result of the efforts of Dr. Tenenbaum and his colleagues from many countries, a strong correlation between cardiovascular disease and diabetes was established . A new branch of medicine, cardiovascular diabetology, was set up. In 2002 Tenenbaum and Prof. Fisman founded an international scientific journal named "Cardiovascular Diabetology" (BioMed Central, Springer Sciences Media Group, London). It was dedicated to all aspects of the diabetes/cardiovascular interrelationship. "Cardiovascular Diabetology" now is the world’s foremost journal specifically devoted to this issue. It has the highest Impact Factor among journals of similar field. Tenenbaum serves as Co-Editor-in-Chief of Cardiovascular Diabetology.

In 2006, he was nominated Professor of Cardiology at Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University. 

Besides his accomplishments as an investigator, Dr. Tenenbaum has had a distinguished contribution as a medical educator both for Israeli and foreign students and cardiologists. He has organized the program for Continuous Medical Education of cardiologists from the former Soviet Union.

Tenenbaum worked for the advancement of the Israel Heart Society and international organizations of cardiologists. He was Governor of The International Society of Cardiovascular Pharmacotherapy, Co-founder and Chairman of the Israeli Heart Society Working Group on Cardiovascular Pharmacology and Drug Therapy and Co-founder and Secretary General of the Cardiovascular Diabetology Research Foundation.

Tenenbaum received many international and Israeli scientific awards. They include the Jan J. Kellermann Award and the Henry Neufeld Prize.

Raymond Martin (cyclist)

Raymond Martin (born 22 May 1949) is a French retired professional cyclist. In the 1980 Tour de France he finished third overall and won the Polka dot jersey for being the best climber. He also competed in the individual road race at the 1972 Summer Olympics.


Bret Easton Ellis

Bret Easton Ellis (born March 7, 1964) is an American writer. 

Ellis was born in Los Angeles, California to rich parents. He was raised in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles. He attended schools for the rich and famous. He also attended Bennington College.

His first novel was "Less Than Zero" in 1985. His next novel was "The Rules of Attraction" in 1987. 

Ellis's third novel was "American Psycho" in 1991. It made him famous. In 1998, it was still selling 25,000 copies a year. The book's hero is an investment banker and sadistic serial killer named Patrick Bateman. His violent acts are described in detail. The Los Angeles chapter of the National Organization for Women (NOW) called for a boycott of the book. NOW described it as "a how-to novel on the torture and dismemberment of women". Easton's publisher Simon and Schuster ended their contract with Ellis. Vintage Press bought and published the book. Ellis got several death threats, but the book sold well. The novel was made into a movie in 2000. Christian Bale played the lead role.

In 1994, Easton's book of 13 related short stories, "The Informers", was published. The stories were set in Los Angeles. "Glamorama" was published in 1998. "Lunar Park" was published in 2005.


Louise Hippolyte, Princess of Monaco

Louise Hippolyte (10 November 1697 – 29 December 1731), was the only sovereign Princess of Monaco. She is the ancestor of the current reigning princely family of Monaco. A very popular monarch she officially ruled the state with her husband but died prematurely after a reign of only 11 months. At her death her husband abdicated in favour for their son Honoré . 

Born at the Prince's Palace in Monaco, she was the second daughter of Antonio I of Monaco and Marie of Lorraine. The second of six children born to her parents, she was the first of their children to survive childhood. 

Because she had no brothers, Louise Hippolyte became the heiress to the throne of Monaco. Her father ensured with the permission of Louis XIV, that her future husband should assume the surname of "Grimaldi" and rule Monaco jointly with her. 

On 20 October 1715, at the age of eighteen, she married ""Jacques" François Goyon, Count of Matignon" after his family had proposed him as a candidate. His candidacy was supported by King Louis XIV, who wanted to increase French influence in Monaco. Prior to this, Louise Hippolyte's father was eager to wed his daughter to a Grimaldi cousin. This marriage did not materialise due to the poor finances of the Grimaldis at the time. The couple had several sons most of which were also given the title of Count of Matignon. Jacques François Goyon was given a higher ranking title by Louis XIV namely the Duke of Valentinois (1642). Overall the couple had a fairly unhappy married life. Her husband preferred Paris and would often leave his wife and children in Monaco when he travelled to the Court of Versailles. 

Louise Hippolyte and Jacques had nine children. Her husband preferred to stay in Versailles (where he had several mistresses), instead of Monaco. 

After the death of her father, Louise Hippolyte traveled from Paris to Monaco on 4 April 1731 and received an enthusiastic reception from the populace. When Jacques joined her a little while later, the reception was much colder.

At the end of 1731, Louise Hippolyte died of smallpox. Her husband neglected the affairs of Monaco and had to leave the country in May 1732. He abdicated in favour of their son, Honoré, the next year.

Her husband remained a widower, despite a large dowry offered to him by the Duchess of Maine to get him to marry her unattractive daughter, "Mademoiselle du Maine", a granddaughter of Louis XIV and Madame de Montespan. The princess died of smallpox aged 34 and was buried in the Saint Nicholas Cathedral itself the family crypt of the House of Grimaldi.

The children of the couple were technically given the surname of "Goyon de Matignon" after their father however they were sometimes also known under the surname of Grimaldi too. 



Santander

Santander may refer to:



Santander, Spain

Santander (; ) is a city on the north coast of Spain. It is the capital of the autonomous community of Cantabria. As of 2013, 178,465 people lived there.

Santander has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Penagos

Penagos is a municipality in Cantabria, Spain. As of 2013, 2,020 people lived there.


Clean Bandit

Clean Bandit are a British electronic group. They were formed in Cambridge, England in 2008.




New Blood Rising

New Blood Rising was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Championship Wrestling (WCW). It was held on August 13, 2000 at Pacific Coliseum in Vancouver, British Columbia. New Blood Rising replaced Road Wild as WCW's August pay-per-view. The pay-per-view's name is a reference to the New Blood stable in WCW.

Mini Metro (video game)

Mini Metro is a strategy simulation video game. It is about creating an efficient subway system for a rapidly growing city.

In this game, the player designs a subway station. The object is to get the people to their requested station. The game ends when the station becomes overpopulated. The game is simple at first. Over time, it becomes more complicated and challenging. The point of the game is to run the simulation as long as possible.

"Mini Metro" has a very modern layout. The subway cars are simply moving rectangles, the rails are simply lines, and the tunnels are dotted lines.

"Mini Metro"'s stations each are a different shape.

Common Stations:

"Unique" Stations:

Only one of each Unique station can appear each game.


Nina Badrić

Nina Badrić (born 4 July 1972) is a Croatian pop singer. She was born in Zagreb, Croatia. At age 9 she started singing with the children's choir "Zvjezdice". At age twenty she signed a singing contract. Her version of "I'm so Excited" from her second album was number one on pop charts in Italy, Spain and France. Badric is one of the most award-winning Croatian musicians. While not commonly heard in the west, she is popular in Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Slovenia and Turkey. 



Leopold von Ranke

Leopold von Ranke (21 December 1795 – 23 May 1886) was a German historian. Modern history writing is greatly influenced by him. He made focusing on primary sources and international relations in history writing, popular.

Ranke was born 21 December 1795 in Wiehe in Electoral Saxony. He was educated at local schools in Donndorf and Pforta. In 1814 he went to the University of Leipzig. He studied Classics and Lutheran theology. From 1817-1825 he was a Classics teacher. While teaching he became interested in history. In 1824 he released his first book: "Geschichte der romanischen und germanischen Völker von 1494 bis 1514" ("History of the Latin and Teutonic Peoples from 1494 to 1514"). Ranke was a firm believer in historicism. For that reason he insisted on using primary sources.

Ranke was a professor at the University of Berlin. He was a professor there for almost 50 years. While there he criticized the historical theories of Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel. He also advised his students to go to archives in search of sources. Because of this many think of him as the founder of a historical social science. Ranke retired as a professor in 1871, but still wrote history. In 1880 he started writing a book on world history, beginning in Ancient Egypt with the story of the Israelites. When he died in 1886 he had not finished his book, and had only written up to the 12th century. 

In 1831 the Prussian Government asked Ranke to start and edit the "Historisch-Politische Zeitschrift" journal. Ranke, who was conservative, sometimes used the journal to attack liberalism. In 1841 Ranke was made Royal Historiographer of the Prussian Court. In 1865 Ranke was made a noble, and in 1882 he was made a member of the Prussian Privy Council. In 1885 he was elected to the American Philosophical Society.

Afro-Colombian

Afro-Colombians are people who are from the country of Colombia and who have ancestors who are African. There is a large population of Colombians of African descent. 

Spanish colonists brought African slaves to Cartagena in the sixteenth century. They were purchased to replace the indigenous peoples who died under the harsh working conditions in the mines and on the plantations. The main slave port for the colony (then Granada) was Cartagena. By 1600 about 100,000 slaves had been brought to the colony. The rate increased after 1650 because of labor needed for the gold mines. Conditions were harsher for some slaves than others. Most were allowed to mine, farm and sell their goods for one day a week. The money they made could buy their freedom. Slave rebellions in the sixteenth and eighteenth centuries had slaves forming their own villages in uncontrolled areas. Slavery was abolished in 1851.

Aurelio González Puente

Aurelio González Puente (born 26 July 1940 in Valle de Villaverde) is a Spanish retired professional cyclist. He won the polka dot jersey for best climber in the 1968 Tour de France. He also won the climbing competition in the 1967 Giro d'Italia. He won stages at the Tour de France, Giro d'Italia, Tour de Suisse and Dauphiné Libéré.


The God of Abraham Praise

"The God of Abraham Praise" is a Christian version of the Jewish hymn Yigdal. It was first translated and made into a Christian hymn by Thomas Olivers after a visit to the Great Synagogue of London in 1770. It was first published in 1772.


Apex predator

Apex predators are predators with no natural predators of their own. They are at the top of their food chain.

Apex predators have big effects on the animals and plants lower down the food chain. If they become extinct in an area, many changes happen. In recent times, it is often humans who have removed top predators.

An example of apex predators affecting an ecosystem is in Yellowstone National Park. After the gray wolf was reintroduced, in 1995, researchers noticed big changes occurring in the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem. Elk, the primary prey of the gray wolf, became less abundant and changed their behavior. This freed the riparian (river) zones from constant grazing. This allowed willows, aspens, and cottonwoods to grow, so creating a habitat for beaver, moose, and scores of other species. In addition to the effects on prey species, the gray wolf's presence also affected the park's grizzly bear, a vulnerable species. The bears, emerging from hibernation, chose to scavenge off wolf kills after fasting for months. They can also eat wolf kills in autumn to prepare for hibernation. As grizzly bears give birth during hibernation, a greater food supply may improve the mother’s nutrition and increase the number of cubs. Dozens of other species, including eagles, ravens, magpies, coyotes, and black bears, have been seen scavenging from wolf kills.

Federico Bahamontes

Federico Martín Bahamontes (born 9 July 1928; 9 August 2023) is a Spanish retired professional cyclist. He was the first cyclist to win the "King of the Mountains" competition for best climber in all three Grand Tours, the Tour de France, the Giro d'Italia and the Vuelta a España. 

Bahamontes was born in Santo Domingo-Caudilla, Toledo.

Bahamontes was a climbing specialist. He won the Tour de France in 1959, and won the polka dot jersey for the best climber six times, in 1954, 1958, 1959, 1962, 1963 and 1964. In total, he won seven Tour stages. Reporters gave him the nickname the 'Eagle of Toledo'.

He was second in the 1957 Vuelta a España and won the mountains competition in 1957 and 1958. He won the mountains competition in the Giro d'Italia in 1956.

Bahamontes retired in 1965 to run a bicycle and motorcycle shop in Toledo.

In 2013 he was named the best climber in the history of the Tour de France by L' Équipe Magazine. Members of the jury included current riders, such as Thomas Voeckler, five-times winner of the race Bernard Hinault and the general director of the Tour de France Christian Prudhomme. The award was given by the French President François Hollande.

He is mentioned in the French film "Le Fabuleux Déstin d'Amélie Poulain", known in English as Amelie. Amélie finds a box of toys left behind by an owner of her flat. She returns them to the owner and he is reminded of watching Bahamontes win the 1959 Tour de France.



Sundsvall Bridge

The Sundsvall Bridge () is a bridge located in Sundsvall in Sweden. The bridge crosses the Bay of Sundsvall, and creates a bypass past the town. The road on the bridge is a motorway, which is a part of European route E4.

The bridge is long. It was opened for traffic 18 December 2014.

Sandö Bridge

The Sandö Bridge () is a concrete arch bridge crossing the Ångerman River in Kramfors Municipality in the northern parts of Sweden. It has a free span of 264 meters and is 42 meters above the water.

During construction, the bridge collapsed on 31 August 1939. This led to 18 construction workers being killed. Construction was completed in 1943.

Enthalpy of vaporization

The Enthalpy of vaporization, also called the latent heat of vaporization is the change in the enthalpy needed to change an amount of liquid into a gas. It happens at a given pressure. The enthalpies of vaporization are usually measured at the normal boiling point for that substance. The units are usually J/mol.

An example is when the cooling effects of vaporization controls the body temperature of humans. Warm weather or exercise creates heat in the body. This causes the body to sweat (or perspire). The body feels cooler when the liquid sweat evaporates. As the humidity increases, the rate of evaporation decreases. This determines the body's comfort level.


City Thameslink railway station

City Thameslink is a National Rail station in the City of London. The southern entrance is on Ludgate Hill near Ludgate Circus. The northern entrance is on Holborn Viaduct. Both of the station's platforms are underground. The station is on the Thameslink route.

The station opened on 22 May 1990, however it was called St Paul's Thameslink until 1991. Many changes have occurred on the lines near the station since. The station was improved in 2010, and is ready for trains of up to 12 cars.

All services are run by Thameslink.

SIM card

A SIM card is a smart card that is used in mobile phones, to identify the client. SIM stands for subscriber identity module. A SIM card has a microchip, and its use is protected by a PIN. When the phone is powered on, an international mobile subscriber identity number (IMSI) is broadcast. The microchip is also needed for some encryption and decryption. The SIM card and the device that it is used in (the mobile phone) are often referred to as the "Mobile station".

SIM cards come in different sizes. Full-size SIM cards, which are about the same size as a credit card, are not used in phones anymore. Most smartphones use either micro SIM or nano SIM cards, but older ones use mini SIM.

Sonja Aldén

Sonja Aldén, born 20 December 1977, in St Albans, England, UK, is a Swedish singer. In 2006, 2007 and 2012 she participated at Melodifestivalen. She has also worked together with Shirley Clamp and Sanna Nielsen. Also, she has written songs for other artists, like hard rock/heavy metal band The Poodles, who also participated in the Swedish Melodifestivalen 2006 with the song "Night of Passion". She has attended the Adolf Fredrik's Music School in Stockholm.


Shirley Clamp

Shirley Natasja Clamp, born 17 February 1973 in Borås, Sweden, is a British Swedish pop singer. She has scored several Top 10 albums and singles in Sweden. She also competed at Melodifestivalen several times, and reached the finals ending up second in 2004 and fourth in 2005.



Counting coup

Counting coup refers to the winning of prestige in battle by the Plains Indians of North America. Warriors won prestige by acts of courage in the face of the enemy. Any blow struck against the enemy counted as a coup. 

Counting coup could be with a hand, any part of the body, or with an object. The most prestigious act was to touch or strike an enemy warrior, leave him alive, then escaping unharmed. Touching the first enemy to die in battle or touching the enemy's defensive works also counted as coup. Counting coup could also involve stealing an enemy's weapons or horses tied up to his lodge in camp. Risk of injury or death was required to count coup. After a battle or exploit, the people of a tribe would gather together to recount their acts of bravery and "count coup." Coups were recorded in some tribes by putting notches (cut marks) in a coup stick. A coup stick was often a willow rod with a feather on the end. But coup could be counted with any object.

Another form of counting coup emerged during the air battles of World War I. A allied pilot who shot down five enemy aircraft was given the status of ace. The exception was that the British never formally adopted the ace system. Informally, however, a British pilot who had shot down ten enemy planes was considered an ace. Generally "counting coup" is counting victories. 


Rotte (river)

The Rotte is a river in the Dutch province Zuid Holland. The city of Rotterdam is named after this river, Rotterdam means dam of the Rotte, Rotterdam is founded when a dam was built in the Rotte. Original, the river was named Rotta, based on the Dutch word 'rot', this word means something like dirty, because the river was very muddy, and A because Aa means water in old European languages.

In the Roman Age, the river has been connected with the Rhine. The river was cut off from the Rhine later. The area where the Rhine was connected to the Rotte changed into an area of bog. After all the bog was excavated, the area changed into a swamp, this swamp was the new source of the Rotte. In the 17th century the swamp area is empoldered, and the Rotte did not have a source anymore.

In the early medieval age, settlement was founded. But because of floods in the area, the people were not able to live in the area. Later in 1270, a 400 meter long dam was build along the river, people started to live on this dam, and that is where Rotterdam was founded. Today, this dam is the "Hoogstraat" in Rotterdam.

Roberto Sagastume Pinto

Roberto Obdulio Sagastume Pinto (24 November 1944 – 1 December 2014) was a Guatemalan politician and educator. He served as Mayor of Esquipulas from 1986 through 1988 and again from 1996 through 2000. Pinto also served as Governor of Chiquimula from 2001 through 2003. Pinto was born in Esquipulas, Guatemala.

Pinto died in a car crash in Esquipulas, Guatemala, aged 70.

Giorgio Ardisson

Giorgio Ardisson, also known as George Ardisson (31 December 1931 – 11 December 2014), was an Italian actor. He was known for his roles in "" and "Agent 3S3, Massacre in the Sun". Ardisson was born in Turin, Italy.

Ardisson died in Rome, Italy, aged 82.

Ivor Grattan-Guinness

Ivor Owen Grattan-Guinness (23 June 1941 – 12 December 2014) was an English historian and mathematician. He was a historian of mathematics and logic. 

Grattan-Guinness was born in Bakewell, Derbyshire. He gained his bachelor degree as a Mathematics Scholar at Wadham College, Oxford, and an MSc (Econ) in Mathematical Logic and the Philosophy of Science at the London School of Economics in 1966. He died on 12 December 2014, aged 73.


John Persen

John Persen (9 November 1941 – 12 December 2014) was a Norwegian composer. He was born in Porsanger, Norway. He was the son-in-law of Finn Strømsted. He was awarded Lindemanprisen in 1999, and Edvardprisen twice, and was awarded honorary membership of the Norwegian Society of Composers. 
Persen died in Oslo, Norway, aged 73.

Angalifu

Angalifu (pronounced "ang-uh-LEEF-oo"; 1970–2014) was a captive northern white rhinoceros. It was held at the San Diego Zoo Safari Park. He was one of six living northern white rhinoceroses in the world, one of two living males in the world, and the only male on the American continents. 

Angalifu was born in the wild ca. 1970 before being caught and sent to the Khartoum Zoo in Khartoum, Sudan. In 1990, he was transferred on loan to the San Diego Zoo Safari Park, where he lived until his death in December 2014.

Lonesome George

Lonesome George (c. 1910  – June 24, 2012) was a male Pinta Island tortoise ("Chelonoidis nigra abingdonii") and the last known individual of the subspecies. In his last years, he was known as the rarest creature in the world. George served as a potent symbol for conservation efforts in the Galápagos Islands and throughout the world.

Theo Colborn

Theodora Emily Colborn (née Decker; March 28, 1927 – December 14, 2014) was an American zoologist. She was the founder and President Emeritus of The Endocrine Disruption Exchange (TEDX). Colborn was also professor Emeritus of Zoology at the University of Florida, Gainesville. She was best known for her studies on the health effects of endocrine disrupting chemicals. 


Plainfield, New Jersey

Plainfield is a city in Union County, New Jersey, United States. As of 2020, the population was 54,586. 

Mustapha Maarof

Mustapha Azahari Maarof (1 January 1935 – 15 December 2014) was a Malaysian actor. He was known for his roles in "Hang Tuah" (1959), "" (2007) and "Chermin" (2007).

Maarof died in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from respiratory failure at the age of 79.

Tim Cochran

Thomas (Tim) Daniel Cochran (April 7, 1955 – December 16, 2014) was an American mathematician. He was professor of mathematics at Rice University. He worked in topology, especially low-dimensional topology, the theory of knots and links and associated algebra.


Martin Brasier

Martin David Brasier FGS, FLS (12 April 1947 – 16 December 2014) was an English palaeobiologist and astrobiologist. He was Professor of Palaeobiology at the University of Oxford and Emeritus Fellow of St Edmund Hall.

Brasier died in a car accident near Burford, Oxfordshire, UK, on 16 December 2014.

Phillip Archuleta

Phillip M. "Felipe" Archuleta (May 12, 1949 – December 16, 2014) was an American politician. Archuleta was a Democratic member of the New Mexico House of Representatives, serving from 2013 until his death in 2014.

Archuleta died in Las Cruces, New Mexico from pneumonia, aged 65.


Dieter Grau

Dieter Grau (April 24, 1913 – December 17, 2014) was a German-American rocket scientist and member of the "von Braun rocket group", at Peenemünde (1939–1945) working on the V-2 rockets in World War II. He was among the scientists who surrendered to the United States and traveled there, providing rocketry expertise via Operation Paperclip, which took them first to Fort Bliss, Texas. 

Grau died in Huntsville, Alabama, at the age of 101 on December 17, 2014.

Oscar Holderer

Oscar Holderer (November 4, 1919 – May 5, 2015) was an engineer who worked with Wernher von Braun in the United States and Germany beforehand. Holderer came to the United States as part of the second group of people brought from Germany during World War II as part of Operation Paperclip.

Georg von Tiesenhausen

Georg F. von Tiesenhausen (May 18, 1914 – June 3, 2018) was a retired German-American rocket scientist. After being brought to the United States in 1953 as part of Operation Paperclip, he was part of Wernher von Braun's team at the U.S. Army, and later, NASA. He is known to first complete design of the Lunar Rover and made a variety of other contributions to the space program.

Von Tiesenhausen died at his home in Huntsville, Alabama on June 3, 2018 at the age of 104.

Ivan Vekić

Ivan Vekić (18 October 1938 – 17 December 2014) was a Croatian politician and lawyer. He was one of the founders of the Croatian Democratic Union and served as the Croatian Minister of Interior during the Croatian War of Independence.

Richard C. Hottelet

Richard Curt Hottelet (September 22, 1917 – December 17, 2014) was a Brooklyn-born American broadcast journalist for the latter half of the twentieth century. Hottelet was the last surviving journalist from the original World War II-era group of Murrow's Boys lead by Edward R. Murrow.

Hottelet died at his home in Wilton, Connecticut, on December 17, 2014. He was 97 years old.


Wilton, Connecticut

Wilton is a town along the Norwalk River Valley in southwestern Connecticut in the United States. It is in Fairfield County. As of the 2020 census, the town population was 18,503.

Oleh Lysheha

Oleh Lysheha (; 30 October 1949 – 17 December 2014) was a Ukrainian poet, playwright, translator and intellectual. During the period 1972-1988, he was banned from official publication, but in 1989 his first book "Great Bridge" ("Velykyi Mist") was published. 

Virna Lisi

Virna Pieralisi (November 8, 1936 – December 18, 2014), better known as Virna Lisi, was an Italian actress. She was known for her roles in "How to Murder Your Wife" and in "La Reine Margot". Lisi died in Ancona, Italy.

On December 18, 2014, Lisi died of cancer in Rome, Italy at age 78.


Donald J. Albosta

Donald Joseph Albosta (December 5, 1925 – December 18, 2014) was an American politician. A Democrat, he was Saginaw County Commissioner from 1970 to 1974 and served in the Michigan State House of Representatives from 1974 to 1976, representing the 86th District. 

Albosta died on December 18, 2014 in St. Charles, Michigan, aged 89.

St. Charles, Michigan

St. Charles is a village in Saginaw County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,992 at the 2020 census.

Ingvar Kjellson

Ingvar Kjellson (20 May 1923 – 18 December 2014) was a Swedish stage and movie actor. Kjellson was born in Kärna, Östergötland County. He was known for his roles in "Hedda Gabler", "The Wild Duck", "The Beggars' Opera" and "Twelfth Night".

Kjellson died at the age of 91 from pneumonia on 18 December 2014 in Stockholm, Sweden.


John Profumo

John Dennis Profumo, CBE (30 January 1915 – 9 March 2006), always known as Jack Profumo, was a British soldier and politician. A scandal, known as the Profumo affair, led to his resignation and withdrawal from politics. It may have damaged the Conservative government of Harold Macmillan. Profumo spent his later life working for charities.

Profumo died of a stroke in London, aged 91.

Profumo's father was a barrister, though the Profumo family's money was in insurance. The family sold the Provident Life Association for £6 million in the 1980s. Profumo was educated at Harrow and Brasenose College, Oxford. He joined the Army when war was declared, and in 1940 he became the youngest Member of Parliament. His military career is described:

Profumo's political career was ruined by a combination of events. He and his wife accepted an invitation from Lord Astor to spend a weekend at his country estate, Clivedon. During that weekend he saw Christine Keeler get out of the swimming pool naked. Profumo asked for her phone number, and they became lovers. Unfortunately for Profumo, she was also having an affair with the Russian naval attaché and spy, Yevgeny Ivanov. When MI5 discovered this from a tip-off, Profumo ended the affair. Rumours circulated, and he was directly challenged about his relationship in the House of Commons. In a personal statement to the House of Commons, Profumo denied the accusation. This was perhaps his biggest mistake. He eventually confessed his affair, and resigned from the government and from Parliament.

Profumo was later (1975) awarded the CBE for services to charity.


 

John Randolph (actor)

Emanuel Hirsch Cohen, better known by the stage name John Randolph (June 1, 1915 – February 24, 2004) was an American movie, television and stage actor. He was born in New York City, New York.

Randolph died in Hollywood, California from natural causes, aged 88.

Owatonna, Minnesota

Owatonna is a city in Steele County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 26,420 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Steele County.

Mandy Rice-Davies

Marilyn "Mandy" Rice-Davies (21 October 1944 – 18 December 2014) was a British model and showgirl.

She was born in Mere, Wiltshire and grew up in Shirley, Warwickshire. She was best known for her role in the Profumo affair, which discredited the Conservative government of British Prime Minister Harold Macmillan in 1963.

Rice-Davies died aged 70 from cancer on 18 December 2014.

Larry Smith (producer)

Lawrence Michael "Larry" Smith (June 11, 1952 – December 18, 2014) was an American musician and hip hop record producer. He was best known for his co-productions (with Russell Simmons) of Run-DMC's "Run-D.M.C." (1984) and "King of Rock" (1985) and his solo production of Whodini's "Escape" (1984) and "Back in Black" (1986). 

Smith died on December 18, 2014 in Flushing, Queens, New York, 63.

Talia Shire

Talia Shire (; born April 25, 1946) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Connie Corleone in "The Godfather", and Adrianna ("Adrian") Pennino (later Balboa) in the "Rocky" series.

Shire is the sister of Francis Ford Coppola, the mother of actor Jason Schwartzman, and the aunt of actor Nicolas Cage.

Burt Young

Gerald Tommaso DeLouise (April 30, 1940 – October 8, 2023), better known by his stage name Burt Young, was an American actor, painter and author. He is best known for his Academy Award-nominated role as Sylvester Stallone's brother-in-law and best friend Paulie in the "Rocky" movie series.

Young died in Los Angeles, California from cardiac arrest on October 8, 2023 at the age of 83.


Robert Simpson (meteorologist)

Robert Homer Simpson (November 19, 1912 – December 18, 2014) was an American meteorologist, hurricane specialist, first director of the National Hurricane Research Project (NHRP) from 1955–1959, and a former director (1967–1974) of the National Hurricane Center (NHC). He was the co-developer of the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale with Herbert Saffir. His wife was Joanne Simpson.

Simpson died in Washington, D.C. at the age of 102.


Philip Bradbourn

Philip Charles Bradbourn, (9 August 1951 – 19 December 2014) was a British politician, and Member of the European Parliament for the West Midlands, for the Conservative Party. He was a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2014.

Bradbourn was born in Tipton, Warwickshire. He died of bowel cancer, aged 63.


Igor Rodionov

Igor Nikolayevich Rodionov (; 1 December 1936 – 19 December 2014) was a Russian general and Duma deputy. He was best known for his service heading the Defence Ministry of the Russian Federation.


John G. Avildsen

John Guilbert Avildsen (December 21, 1935 – June 16, 2017) was an American movie director. He won the Academy Award for Best Director in 1977 for "Rocky".

Other movie he directed include "Joe", "Save the Tiger", "Fore Play", "The Formula", "Neighbors", "For Keeps", "Lean on Me", "The Power of One", "8 Seconds", "Inferno", "Rocky V" and the first three "Karate Kid" movies.

Avildsen died on June 16, 2017 in Los Angeles, California of pancreatic cancer, aged 81.

William Hickey

William Edward Hickey (September 19, 1927 – June 29, 1997) was an American actor. He is best known for his Oscar-nominated role as Don Corrado Prizzi in the John Huston 1985 movie "Prizzi's Honor", as well as Uncle Lewis in "National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation" (1989) and the voice of Dr. Finklestein in Tim Burton's "The Nightmare Before Christmas" (1993).

Hickey died of emphysema and bronchitis in New York City, aged 69.

Edgartown, Massachusetts

Edgartown is a town in Dukes County, Massachusetts, United States. It is on Martha's Vineyard. It is the county seat of Dukes County.

At the 2020 census, 5,168 people lived in Edgartown.

Mrs. Chippy

Mrs. Chippy was a male ship's cat who sailed with Sir Ernest Shackleton on his team's Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition. The expedition began in 1914, but the ship, "Endurance", became hopelessly trapped in packed ice sheets and was destroyed. The cat, along with some of the sled dogs, were shot to death in 1915, when it was decided they could not survive.

Mrs. Chippy, a tiger-striped tabby, belonged to Harry McNish, the carpenter. Harry was given the nickname "Chippy" because of "wood chips", so the cat was also called the same. Soon after the ship set sail for Antarctica, it was discovered that, despite ""her"" name, Mrs. Chippy was a ""he"", a male cat. By that time the name had stuck. The cat amazed the crew by being able to walk along the ship's inch-wide guard rails, in even the roughest seas.

After the ship was destroyed in the ice, the crew leaders knew that Mrs. Chippy and five of the dogs would not be able to live, and on October 29, 1915, Sir Shackleton wrote in his diary:

Harry McNish had become very fond of his cat, and never forgave Shackleton for having him shot. After the loss of his cat, Harry fought with Shackleton during the expedition that lasted until 1917. Even though he did build the boats that eventually rescued the crew, he was not given a Polar Medal, because of his arguing with the captain over the death of his cat.

In 2004, a bronze memorial statue of Mrs. Chippy was placed on the grave of Harry McNish. It was given by the Antarctic Society of New Zealand, because of his bravery on the expedition.

The painting "Mrs Chippy", by Wolf Howard, shows the cat "about to be shot". The background shows the crew sending a small boat on a rescue mission and "Endurance" is stuck in the ice. The painting was shown in a punk art exhibit at the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool, England, in 2004.



Bedford (disambiguation)

Bedford is a town in Bedfordshire, England.

Bedford might also refer to:

Bob Lanier (politician)

Bob Lanier (March 10, 1925 – December 20, 2014) was an American businessman and politician. He served as mayor of the city of Houston, Texas from 1992 to 1998. Lanier was born in Baytown, Texas.

On December 20, 2014, Lanier died at the age of 89 in Houston, Texas from natural causes.


Robert Wolfe

Robert Wolfe (March 2, 1921 – December 10, 2014) was an American historian and archivist. He was a World War II U.S. Army officer. He was a archivist of the US National Archives. He was wounded in both the Pacific and European Theaters of Operation. Wolfe was born in Burlington, Vermont.

Wolfe died in Washington, D.C. from natural causes, aged 93.


Right to housing

The Right to housing is the idea that everyone should have the possibility to live somewhere, to affordable housing and shelter free from homelessness. Many countries recognise it. It is also in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. This means it is part of international law. 
The base for the right to housing in international law can be found in Article 25 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The declaration recognises the right as part of the right to an adequate standard of living.
It states that:

Article 11(1) of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR) also guarantees the right to housing as part of the right to an adequate standard of living among economic, social and cultural rights.

In international human rights law the right to housing is regarded as a freestanding right. This was clarified in the 1991 General Comment no 4 on Adequate Housing by the UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. The general comment provides an authoritative interpretation of the right to housing in legal terms under international law.

The right to housing is also mentioned in Article 28 of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, Article 16 of the European Social Charter (Article 31 of the Revised European Social charter) and in the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights. According to UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, aspects of right to housing under ICESCR include: legal security of tenure; availability of services, materials, facilities and infrastructure; affordability; habitability; accessibility; location and cultural adequacy. As a political goal, right to housing was declared in F. D. Roosevelt's 1944 speech on the Second Bill of Rights.

Personal identification number

A Personal identification number (abbreviated as PIN) is a number that is used to authenticate a user of a system. It is used to make sure only certain people can get, use, or change information in the system.

PINs were created to be used with automated teller machines. Once someone inserts a bank card into the machine, they would be asked to enter a PIN using the buttons on a keypad, and would only be allowed to get their money if they entered the correct PIN. In a similar way, EMV technology makes use of PIN numbers to make sure only the person holding a credit card can make a transaction with it.

Early PIN numbers only consisted of digits. Today, some banks use PINs made of digits and letters. There are also many new technologies being created to be used instead of PINs, such as using fingerprint scanners.


David Ricardo

David Ricardo (18 April 1772 – 11 September 1823) was a British political economist. He was one of the main thinkers behind Classical economics, together with Thomas Malthus, Adam Smith and John Stuart Mill. Today, he is mostly known for his theory of comparative advantage. This theory suggests that a nation should concentrate its resources only in industries where it is "most" internationally competitive and trade with other countries to obtain products not produced nationally. Ricardo promoted the idea of extreme industry specialization by nations, to the point of dismantling internationally competitive and otherwise profitable industries. In this thinking Ricardo assumed the existence of a national industry policy aimed at promoting some industries to the detriment of others. For Ricardo some form of Central Economic Planning was a given.

The Ricardian model of comparative advantage has been challenged by, among others, Joan Robinson and Piero Sraffa. Nevertheless, it remains the cornerstone of the argument in favour of international free trade as a means of increasing economic prosperity. The theory of comparative advantage was the forerunner of the push towards globalization via increased international trade, the guiding theme in economic policy currently promoted by the OECD and the World Trade Organization.

Torus

A torus (plural: tori or toruses) is a tube shape that looks like a doughnut or an inner tube. In geometry, a torus is made by rotating a circle in three dimensional space. To make a torus, the circle is rotated around a line (called the axis of rotation) that is in the same plane as the circle. Usually, the line does not touch the circle, so the torus has a hole through the center, and the torus is called a ring torus. For a ring torus, the axis of rotation passes through the center of the hole. 

In topology, sizes don't matter, and a torus is any shape that has one hole through it. 

The ring torus is the most well-known type of torus, but other types exist. If the line the circle rotates around is tangent to the circle, then it becomes a horn torus, and if it passes through the circle then it is a spindle torus. A toroid is a surface made by rotating any shape around a line, so a torus is one kind of toroid. 

If the torus is filled to make a solid shape, it is called a solid torus. A solid torus is often simply called a torus. A solid torus is made by rotating a disk (a filled-in circle) around a line. Common objects that have the shape of a solid torus are a doughnut, a bagel and an O-ring.

A torus is like a tube that is bent into a circle so it connects to itself. The radius of the tube or circle is called the "minor radius", written as formula_1. The distance from the center of the tube to the center of the torus is called the "major radius", written as formula_2. 

The surface area of a torus is given by 
This area is the same as the area of a straight tube that has a radius formula_1 and length formula_5.

The volume of a solid torus is given by 
This volume is the same as the volume of a straight rod that has a radius formula_1 and length formula_5.

Sitor Situmorang

Sitor Situmorang (October 2, 1923 – December 21, 2014) was an Indonesian poet, essayist and writer of short stories. Situmorang was born in Harianboho, North Sumatra. He was educated in Jakarta. He worked as a journalist and literary critic. Situmorang was known for his poem "Angkatan ’45" (The Generation of ’45).

On December 21, 2014, he died at the age of 91 at his home in Apeldoorn, Netherlands.

Udo Jürgens

Udo Jürgens (born Udo Jürgen Bockelmann, 30 September 1934 – 21 December 2014) was an Austrian composer and singer of popular music whose career spans over fifty years. He wrote more than 800 songs and sold over 100 million records. In 2007 he additionally obtained Swiss citizenship. He was known for his song "Reach for the Stars". and titular song called Vielen Dank für die Blumen the German language dub animated short series <nowiki>"</nowiki>Tom and Jerry<nowiki>"</nowiki>.

Jürgens died on 21 December 2014 in Münsterlingen, Switzerland from acute heart failure at the age of 80.


2004 Republican National Convention

The 2004 Republican National Convention was the 2004 presidential nominating convention. It was for the Republican Party of the United States. George W. Bush and Dick Cheney won the presidential nomination at the convention.

It took place from August 30 to September 2, 2004 at Madison Square Garden in New York City. A tribute for Ronald Reagan was shown at the convention.

John Panozzo

John Anthony Panozzo (September 20, 1948 – July 16, 1996) was an American drummer. He was best known for his work with rock band Styx. 

Panozzo grew up in Chicago, Illinois. He had a fraternal twin brother, Chuck. At age 7, the twins took musical lessons from their uncle. John took an interest in drums and percussion. They attended Catholic school. They were part of a 3-piece accordion band in which John played drums and Chuck played guitar. They would play weddings at age 12 and were paid $15 apiece.

In 1961 John, Chuck, and their neighbor, Dennis DeYoung, formed a band called the Tradewinds.John played drums, Chuck played guitar, and Dennis played the accordion and sang. They played at bars and began gaining popularity as a garage band on the South Side of Chicago. In 1968, Chuck switched to bass. They added guitarists/vocalists James "J.Y." Young and John Curulewski and changed the name of the band to TW4. The band signed to Wooden Nickel Records and changed their name to Styx.

By the early 1990s his health suffered from heavy drinking. He took a less active role with Styx. In 1996 he was replaced by Todd Sucherman for the reunion tour. He was found dead in his home a few days later. He died from cirrhosis of the liver.

1982 State of the Union Address

The 1982 State of the Union Address was given by President Ronald Reagan to a joint session of the 97th United States Congress. It was held on January 26, 1982. The speech was the first State of the Union address of President Reagan's first term.

The speech lasted 40 minutes and 14 seconds. It had 5154 words. The address was broadcast live on radio and television.

The Democratic Party response was delivered by Senator Donald Riegle (MI), Senator James Sasser (TN), Rep. Albert Gore Jr. (TN), Senator Robert Byrd (W.Va), Senator Edward Kennedy (MA), House Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill III (MA), Senator Gary Hart (CO), Senator Paul Sarbanes (MD), Senator J. Bennett Johnston (LA), and Senator Alan Cranston (CA).


Thomas P. O'Neill III

Thomas Phillip O'Neill III (born September 20, 1944) is an American politician and lawyer. He leads a public relations and government affairs firm called O'Neill and Associates in Boston. He is the son of Thomas Phillip "Tip" O'Neill, Jr., who was Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1977 to 1987. From 1975 to 1983, O'Neill was Lieutenant Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

1983 State of the Union Address

The 1983 State of the Union address was given by President Ronald Reagan to a joint session of the 98th United States Congress on January 25, 1983. The speech was the second State of the Union address of President Reagan's first term.

The speech lasted about 46 minutes. It had 5554 words. The address was broadcast live on radio and television.

The Democratic Party response was delivered by Senator Robert Byrd (WV), Senator Paul Tsongas (MA), Senator Bill Bradley (NJ), Senator Joe Biden (DE), Rep. Tom Daschle (SD), Rep. Barbara Kennelly (CT), House Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill III (MA), Rep. George Miller (CA), Rep. Les AuCoin (OR), Rep. Paul Simon (IL), Rep. Timothy Wirth (CO), and Rep. Bill Hefner (NC).


1984 State of the Union Address

The 1984 State of the Union address was given by President Ronald Reagan to a joint session of the 98th United States Congress on January 25, 1984. The speech was the third State of the Union address of President Reagan's first term.

The speech lasted 43 minutes and 2 seconds and had 4931 words. The address was broadcast live on radio and television.

The Democratic Party response was delivered by Senator Joe Biden (DE), Sen. David Boren (OK), Senator Carl Levin (MI), Senator Max Baucus (MT), Senator Robert Byrd (WV), Senator Claiborne Pell (RI), Senator Walter Huddleston (KY), Rep. Dante B. Fascell (FL), Rep. Tom Harkin (IA), Rep. William Gray (PA), House Speaker Thomas O’Neill (MA), and Rep. Barbara Boxer (CA).

Susanne Alfvengren

Susanne Alfvengren (born Susanne Irene Lund, 12 February 1959 in Visby, Gotland, Sweden) is a Swedish singer. In 1984, she had a hit with "När vi rör varann" (Sometimes When We Touch). Another of her hit songs was "Magneter". She competed in Melodifestivalen 2009 with the song "Du är älskad där du går", whih was knocked out of the semifinal. In 1986-1987, she scored a vocal duet hit with Mikael Rickfors, with the song "Som stormen river öppet hav".



1985 State of the Union Address

The 1985 State of the Union address was given by President Ronald Reagan to a joint session of the 99th United States Congress on February 6, 1985 (Reagan's birthday). The speech was the first State of the Union address of President Reagan's second term, and his fifth altogether. 

He stated, "Our progress began not in Washington, DC, but in the hearts of our families, communities, workplaces, and voluntary groups which, together, are unleashing the invincible spirit of one great nation under God." He believed that volunteerism was a key element to the American community.

The president proclaimed the Reagan Doctrine and talked about taxes, reducing the federal deficit and the Strategic Defense Initiative, among other things.

The speech lasted about 40 minutes and had 4,955 words. The address was broadcast live on radio and television.

The Democratic Party response was delivered by Governor Bill Clinton of Arkansas, Governor Bob Graham of Florida and House Speaker Tip O'Neill.


1986 State of the Union Address

The 1986 State of the Union address was given by President Ronald Reagan to a joint session of the 99th United States Congress on February 4, 1986. The speech was the second State of the Union address of President Reagan's second term.

Reagan was the only president to have postponed his State of the Union Address. On January 28, 1986, he planned to give his address, but after learning of the Space Shuttle "Challenger" disaster, he postponed it for a week and addressed the nation on the day's events. This was the only time that the State of the Union address had to be postponed because of an event.

The speech lasted for about 31 minutes and had 3,514 words. The address was broadcast live on radio and television.

The Democratic Party response was delivered by Senator George Mitchell (ME), Lt. Gov. Harriett Woods (MO), Gov. Charles Robb (VA), Rep. Thomas Daschle (SD) and Rep. William Gray (PA)


1988 State of the Union Address

The 1988 State of the Union address was given by President Ronald Reagan to a joint session of the 100th United States Congress on January 25, 1988. The speech was the last State of the Union address of President Reagan's second term. Donald Hodel, the Secretary of the Interior, served as the designated survivor.


1987 State of the Union Address

The 1987 State of the Union address was given by President Ronald Reagan to a joint session of the 100th United States Congress on January 27, 1987. The speech was the third State of the Union address of President Reagan's second term. 

Reagan said, "The Soviet Union says it wants a peaceful settlement in Afghanistan, yet it continues a brutal war and props up a regime whose days are clearly numbered. We are ready to support a political solution that guarantees the rapid withdrawal of all Soviet troops and genuine self-determination for the Afghan people." He ended with, "But now at length I have the happiness to know that it is a rising and not a setting Sun." Well, you can bet it's rising because, my fellow citizens, America isn't finished. Her best days have just begun." 

The speech lasted 34 minutes and 39 seconds and had 3847 words. The address was broadcast live on radio and television.

The Democratic Party response was delivered by Senator Robert Byrd (WV), and House Speaker Jim Wright (TX)


Billie Whitelaw

Billie Honor Whitelaw, CBE (6 June 1932 – 21 December 2014) was an English actress. 

Whitelaw was born in Coventry and was raised in Bradford. She was known for working with Samuel Beckett. Whitelaw was known for her roles in "The Omen" and in "Hot Fuzz".

Whitelaw died in Hampstead, London, England, aged 82.


The Interview (2014 movie)

The Interview is a 2014 American political action comedy movie directed by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg. It stars James Franco, Seth Rogen, Lizzy Caplan, and Randall Park. Seth Rogen and James Franco star as journalists who set up an interview with North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un (Randall Park), and are then recruited by the CIA to assassinate him. It was set to be released on December 25, 2014, but the movie was not released in cinemas due to threats from North Korea. The movie was released on demand and on YouTube.


This Is the End

This Is the End is a 2013 American disaster comedy movie directed by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg. It stars James Franco, Seth Rogen, Jonah Hill, Jay Baruchel, Danny McBride, Craig Robinson, and Emma Watson. It was released on June 12, 2013 and re-released on September 6, 2013. 

The Polar Express (movie)

The Polar Express is a 2004 American computer animated musical fantasy movie directed by Robert Zemeckis. It was produced by Tom Hanks. It is based on the book, "The Polar Express". It stars Tom Hanks, Daryl Sabara, Eddie Deezen, Jimmy Bennett, Steven Tyler, Nona Gaye, and Michael Jeter. It was released on November 12, 2004.

This also marks the final appearance of Michael Jeter, who died years before its release, and was dedicated to his memory.

Richard Dysart

Richard A. Dysart (March 30, 1929 – April 5, 2015) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Leland McKenzie on the NBC legal drama "L.A. Law". Dysart was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He won an Emmy Award in 1992.

Dysart died at home in Santa Monica, California after a long illness, aged 86.


Roy L. Dennis

Roy Lee "Rocky" Dennis (December 4, 1961 – October 4, 1978) was an American boy who had craniodiaphyseal dysplasia, an extremely rare, sclerotic bone disease. The condition usually results in neurological disorders and death during childhood. His body was donated to UCLA Medical Center after he died.

Michael Cimino

Michael Cimino ( ; February 3, 1939 – July 2, 2016) was an American movie director, screenwriter, producer and author. He was best known for directing, producing and co-writing the 1978 Academy Award-winning movie "The Deer Hunter", and for writing and directing 1980s financial failure "Heaven's Gate".

Cimino was found dead of heart failure on July 2, 2016 in his bed Los Angeles, California, aged 77.


William Friedkin

William David Friedkin (August 29, 1935 – August 7, 2023) was an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was best known for directing "The French Connection" in 1971 and "The Exorcist" in 1973. He won the Academy Award for Best Director. 

Some of his other movie include "Sorcerer", "The Brink's Job", "Cruising", "Deal of the Century", "To Live and Die in L.A.", "Jade", "Rules of Engagement", "The Hunted", "Bug", and "Killer Joe".

Friedkin died on August 7, 2023 at his home in Los Angeles, California from heart failure and pneumonia at the age of 87.


Horacio Ferrer

Horacio Ferrer (June 2, 1933 - December 21, 2014) is a Uruguayan poet, broadcaster, reciter and tango lyricist. He is known for the lyrics he wrote for Astor Piazzolla’s tangos such as "Balada para un loco" and "Chiquilín de Bachín".


Trevor Peacock

Trevor Peacock (19 May 1931 – 8 March 2021) was an English stage and television character actor. He also was a screenwriter and songwriter. He was known for his role as Jim Trott in the BBC comedy series "The Vicar of Dibley".

Peacock was born in Tottenham, London, the son of Alexandria and Victor Edward Peacock.

Peacock was diagnosed with dementia in 2009. He died from the disease on 8 March 2021 in London, aged 89.

SummerSlam (2007)

SummerSlam (2007) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on August 26, 2007 at Continental Airlines Arena in East Rutherford, New Jersey. It was the twentieth SummerSlam event held by the WWE. 

The main event saw John Cena defeat Randy Orton and successfully defended his WWE Championship.


Towe Jaarnek

Towe Jaarnek, born 13 June 1965, is a Swedish singer. She participated at Melodifestivalen 1991 with the song "Ett liv med dej". The song ended up 2nd. In 1992, reorded the vocal duet "More Than a Game" together with Peter Jöback. That song was the official song for the 1992 European Football Championship. The tournament was played in Sweden.

Crested penguin

The term crested penguin is the common name of species of penguins of the genus Eudyptes. All are black and white penguins with yellow crests, red bills and eyes. They are found on subantarctic islands in the world's southern oceans. All lay two eggs, but raise only one young per breeding season. The first egg laid is much smaller than the second.

Different experts disagree on how many species there are. They include the rockhopper penguins.

A Chatham Islands species may have become extinct in the 19th century. 

Peter Jöback

Peter Arne Jöback, born 4 June 1971 in Stockholm, Sweden, is a Swedish singer as well as actor and musical artist.





Pernilla Wahlgren

Pernilla Nina Elisabeth Wahlgren, born 24 December 1967 in Gustavsberg, Sweden, is a Swedish singer, actress and presenter. In 2004, she was awarded the Ulla Billquist Award.

Her parents are actors Christina Schollin and Hans Wahlgren.



Laleh Pourkarim

Laleh Pourkarim (, ), born 10 June 1982, is a Swedish singer-songwriter and former actress. After a short-lasting acting career, she entered the music industry in 2005 with her self-titled debut album. It peaked at number one in Sweden, and became the highest selling album of the year.


Anders Wejryd

Anders Harald Wejryd, born 8 August 1948 in Falköping, Sweden is a Swedish Lutheran clergyman. He was appointed Bishop of Växjö in 1995. In March 2006, he was elected Archbishop of Uppsala and primate of the Church of Sweden. He took office in September of the same year. He left office in 2014, and was replaced with Antje Jackelén.

Bertil Werkström

Bertil Werkström, born 9 June 1928 in Lund Cathedral Parish, Sweden, dead 10 July 2010 in Farsta Parish, Sweden was the Archbishop of Uppsala between 1983–1993. His wife was named Britta. Serving as Archbishop he supported ecumenism In international affairs he supported sanctions against the Apartheid rule in South Africa. In 1984 he also maintained that homosexuality was "against the orders of creation."

In 1991, he visited Rome to commemorate the 600th anniversary of the canonization of Bridget of Sweden together with the Pope of the Roman Catholic Church.

K. G. Hammar

Karl Gustav Hilding Hammar, born 18 February 1943 in Hässleholm), Sweden, commonly referred to as K. G. Hammar, is a Swedish Lutheran clergyman. He was the Archbishop of Uppsala, head of the Church of Sweden, from 1997 to 2006. During his tenure as archbishop, the Church of Sweden and the government separated on 21 January 2000.

Yngve Brilioth

Yngve Brilioth, born 12 July 1891 in Västra Ed, Sweden, dead 27 April 1959 in Uppsala, Sweden was a professor for church history, and later for Practical theology in Uppsala, Turku and Lund. He served as the Lutheran Bishop of Växjö between 1938 and 1950. Between 1950 and 1958, he was the Lutheran Archbishop of Uppsala. He was also the author of a history of the Oxford Movement, which written to coincide with its centenary in 1933. He married the daughter of a predecessor, Nathan Söderblom.



Erling Eidem

Erling Eidem, born 23 April 1880 in Gothenburg, Sweden, dead 14 April 1972 in Vänersborg, Sweden was a Swedish theologian. He served as the Lutheran archbishop of Uppsala between 1931 and 1950.

Nathan Söderblom

Lars Olof Jonathan Söderblom (), born 15 January 1866 in Trönö, Sweden, dead 12 July 1931 in Uppsala, Sweden was a Swedish Lutheran clergyman. He was the Church of Sweden Archbishop of Uppsala between 1914-1931 In 1930, he was awarded the 1930 Nobel Peace Prize.

Johan August Ekman

Johan August Ekman, born 26 November 1845, in Hjälstad, Sweden, dead 30 November 1913 in Uppsala, Sweden was the Church of Sweden Archbishop of Uppsala between 1900-1913. He also served as bishop of Västerås between 1898 and 1900.

Anton Niklas Sundberg

Anton Niklas Sundberg, born 27 May 1818 in Uddevalla, Sweden, dead 2 February 1900 in Uppsala, Sweden, was a Lutheran clergyman. He served as the Church of Sweden archbishop of Uppsala between 1870-1900.

Henrik Reuterdahl

Henrik Reuterdahl, born 11 September 1795 in Malmö, Sweden, dead 28 June 1870 in Uppsala, Sweden was a Swedish Lutheran clergyman. He servred as the Church of Sweden archbishop of Uppsala from 1856 until his 1870 death.


Carl Fredrik af Wingård

Carl Fredrik af Wingård, born 26 September 1781 in Stockholm, Sweden, dead 19 September 1851 in Sunnersta, Sweden was a Swedish politician and Lutheran clergyman. He verved as the Church of Sweden Archbishop of Uppsala, between 1839 and 1851.


Johan Olof Wallin

Johan Olof Wallin, born 15 October 1779 in Yttre Skomsarby, Sweden, dead 30 June 1839 in Uppsala, Sweden was a Swedish Lutheran clergyman. He was the Church of Sweden Archbishop of Uppsala between 1837 and 1839. He also wrote many Christian songs/hymns.


Liquid nitrogen

Liquid nitrogen is nitrogen at a very low temperature. It is usually produced by a process known as fractional distillation of air. At atmospheric pressure (normal pressure) nitrogen boils at −196 °C (77 K; −321 °F).
Nitrogen was first made into a liquid at Jagiellonian University on 15 April 1883. Zygmunt Wróblewski and Karol Olszewski were the first scientists to liquefy nitrogen, oxygen and carbon dioxide. During World War II the production of liquid nitrogen became common. This lowered the cost to produce it. After the war new uses were found for liquid gases. Liquid nitrogen became a major gas in the US.

Liquid nitrogen has a variety of uses, as it is easy to transport, and compact.

Carl von Rosenstein

Carl von Rosenstein, born Carl Aurivillius on 13 May 1766 in Uppsala, Sweden; dead 2 December 1836 at Brunna Mansion, Sweden was a Swedish Lutheran clergyman. He was the Church of Sweden Archbishop of Uppsala from 1819 to 1836. Before that he served as the Bishop of Linköping from 1809 to 1819. His family tree included scientists like Sven Magnus Aurivillius and Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius. The "von Rosenstein" name was his mother's family name and came through an adoption. His grandfather was Nils Rosén von Rosenstein, Uppsala University professor of medicine.

In addition to being archbishop, he was also a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences from 1809. From 1819, he was also a member of the Swedish Academy from 1819. He belonged to the Swedish nobility.

Jacob Axelsson Lindblom

Jacob Axelsson Lindblom, born 27 July 1746, in Skeda, Sweden, dead 15 February 1819, in Uppsala, Sweden was a Swedish Lutheran clergyman. He served as the Church of Sweden archbishop of Uppsala between 1805-1819.

Uno von Troil

Uno von Troil, born 24 February 1746 in Stockholm, Sweden, dead 27 July 1803 at Sätra brunn, Sweden was a Swedish Lutheran clergyman. He was the Church of Sweden Archbishop of Uppsala between 1786-1803. He was the son of Samuel Troilius, who had also been archbishop.

Carl Fredrik Mennander

Carl Fredrik Mennander (sometimes modernised as "Karl Fredrik Mennander", often just "C.F. Mennander"; 19 July 1712, Stockholm, Sweden, 22 May 1786, Uppsala, Sweden) was a Swedish Lutheran clergyman. He was the Bishop of Turku between 1757-1775. He then served as the Church of Sweden Archbishop of Uppsala from 1775 until his 1786 death.

Magnus Beronius

Magnus Olai Beronius, born 18 October 1692 in Uppsala, Sweden, dead 18 May 1775 in Uppsala, Sweden was a Swedish Lutheran clergyman. He was the Church of Sweden Archbishop of Uppsala from 1764 until his 1775.


Samuel Troilius

Samuel Troilius, born 22 May 1706 in Stora Skedvi, Sweden, dead 18 January 1764 in Uppsala, Sweden was a Swedish Lutheran clergyman. He served as the Church of Sweden Archbishop of Uppsala from 1758 until his death 1764.

Henric Benzelius

Henric Benzelius, born 7 August 1689 in Strängnäs, Sweden, dead 20 May 1758 in Uppsala, Sweden was a Swedish Lutheran clergyman. He serrved as the Bishop of Lund from 1744 to 1747. He was then the Church of Sweden Archbishop of Uppsala from 1747 until his 1758 death.

Carl Bildt

Nils Daniel Carl Bildt "(born 15 July 1949)" in Halmstad, Sweden, is a Swedish politician and diplomat who was Prime Minister of Sweden from 1991 to 1994. 

He was the leader of the Moderate Party from 1986 to 1999. He also served as Sweden's Minister for Foreign Affairs from 2006 to 2014.

Ola Ullsten

Stig Kjell Olof (Ola) Ullsten, (23 June 1931 in Umeå, Sweden – 28 May 2018) was a Swedish former politician and diplomat. He served as the Prime Minister of Sweden from 1978 to 1979 He was also the leader of the Liberal People's Party from 1978 to 1983. He also served as Deputy Prime Minister briefly in 1978 and then again from 1980 to 1982. He was also the Swedish foreign minister between 1979 and 1982.

Ullsten died on 28 May 2018 at the age of 86.

Axel Pehrsson-Bramstorp

Axel Alarik Pehrsson-Bramstorp, born Axel Alarik Pehrsson, 19 August 1883, dead 19 February 1954, was a Swedish politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Sweden for a few months during mid 1936.

Felix Hamrin

Felix Teodor Hamrin, born 14 January 1875, dead 27 November 1937, was a Swedish politician. He was the leader of the liberal Freeminded People's Party. He also served as Prime Minister of Sweden from 6 August to 24 September 1932.

Carl Gustaf Ekman

Carl Gustaf Ekman, born 6 October 1872, dead 15 June 1945, was a Swedish politician. He was a member of the Swedish parliament 1911-1932, in both the lower and the upper houses. Between 1924-1932, he led the Freeminded People's Party. He served as the Prime Minister of Sweden between 1926-1928 and again between 1930-1932.

Arvid Lindman

Salomon "Arvid" Achates Lindman, born 19 September 1862, dead 9 December 1936, was a Swedish rear admiral, industrialist and conservative politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Sweden from 1906 to 1911, and then again from 1928 to 1930.

Rickard Sandler

Rickard Johannes Sandler, born 29 January 1884, dead 12 November 1964) was a Swedish Social Democratic politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Sweden between 24 January 1925 and 7 June 1926

Nils Edén

Nils Edén, born 25 August 1871, dead 16 June 1945, was a Swedish historian and liberal politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Sweden from 1917 to 1920.

Ernst Trygger

Ernst Trygger, (born 27 October 1857 - 23 September 1943) was a Swedish jurist professor and conservative politician. He was the Prime Minister of Sweden from 1923 to 1924 He was also the Swedish foreign minister from 1928 to 1930 in the cabinet of Arvid Lindman. He was a member of the first chamber of the Swedish parliament from 1898 to 1937. He was also leader of the conservatives in that chamber from 1913 to 1933.

Oscar von Sydow

Oscar Fredrik von Sydow, born 12 1873, dead 19 August 1936, was a Swedish politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Sweden from February 23 to October 13, 1921.

Gerhard Louis De Geer

Gerhard Louis De Geer, born 27 November 1854, dead 25 February 1935, was a Swedish baron and politician. He served in the first chamber of the "Swedish parliament" between 1901-1914. He was also the governor of Kristianstad County between 1905-1923. Also, he served as the Prime Minister of Sweden between 1920-1921.

Carl Swartz

Carl Johan Gustaf Swartz, born 5 June 1858, dead 6 November 1926, was a Swedish right-wing politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Sweden from 30 March to 19 October 1917. He was also the Swedish Minister for Finance from 1906 to 1911. He married Dagmar Lundström in 1886, with whom he had three children, Erik, Brita and Olof.

Hjalmar Hammarskjöld

Knut Hjalmar Leonard Hammarskjöld, born 4 February 1862, dead 12 October 1953, was a Swedish politician, scholar, cabinet minister and Member of Parliament from 1923 to 1938 (first chamber). He served as the Prime Minister of Sweden from 1914 to 1917.

In 1890, he married Agnes Almquist (1866–1940). The couple had four sons: , Åke, Sten and Dag.

Karl Staaff

Karl Albert Staaff, born 21 January 1860, dead 4 October 1915, was a Swedish liberal politician and lawyer. He was the chairman of the Liberal Coalition Party between 1907-1915. He served twice as the Prime Minister of Sweden, first between 1905-1906 and then again between 1911-1914.

Christian Lundeberg

Christian Lundeberg, born 14 July 1842, dead 10 November 1911, was a Swedish politician. He served as Prime Minister of Sweden from 2 August to 7 November 1905.

Johan Ramstedt

Johan Olof Ramstedt (born 7 November 1852 -15 March 1935) was a Swedish politician. He was the Prime Minister of Sweden from April to August 1905.

Erik Gustaf Boström

Erik Gustaf Bernhard Boström, born 11 February 1842, dead 21 February 1907, was a Swedish landowner and politician. He was a member of the Swedish Parliament between 1876 and 1907. He was the longest-serving Prime Minister of Sweden of the 19th century. He served in that office twice, first from 1891 to 1900. Then he served again from 1902 to 1905. He was also known as E.G. Boström or E. Gust. Boström.

Fredrik von Otter

Fredrik Wilhelm von Otter, born 11 April 1833, dead 9 March 1910, was a Swedish "friherre", and naval officer, as well as a politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Sweden from 1900 to 1902.

Gustaf Åkerhielm

Friherre Johan Gustaf Nils Samuel Akerhielm of Margaretelund (24 July 1833 - 2 April 1900) was a Swedish politician, baron and landowner. He was a member of the Swedish parliament twice, first from 1859 to 1866 and then again from 1870 to 1900. He was also Sweden's Minister of Finance from 1874 to 1875, and Minister for Foreign Affairs in 1889. Also, he served as Swedish Prime Minister from 1889 to 1891.

He was married to Ulrika Gyldenstolpe in 1860. The couple had three children.

Gillis Bildt

Didrik Anders Gillis Bildt, born 16 October 1820, dead 22 October 1894, was a Swedish parliamentarian, general, ambassador and baron. He served as the prime minister of Sweden between 1888–1889.

Robert Themptander

Oscar Robert Themptander, (born 14 February 1844, died 30 January 1897) was a Swedish politician and public official. He served as the Prime Minister of Sweden from 1884 to 1888 during the reign of King Oscar II. He was also the Governor of Stockholm County between 1888 and 1896. Also, he served as Sweden's Minister for Finance.

Carl Johan Thyselius

Carl Johan Thyselius (8 June 1811 - 11 January 1891) was a Swedish politician and government official. He served as Justice Councillor (1856-1860), Minister for Ecclesiastical Affairs (1860-1863), Minister for Civil Affairs (responsible for trade, industry and ship transport (1875-80), and he served as the Prime Minister from 1883 to 1884.

Arvid Posse

Count Arvid Rutger Fredriksson Posse, born 15 February 1820, dead 24 April 1901, was a Swedish politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Sweden from 1880 to 1883.

Louis Gerard De Geer

Baron Louis Gerard De Geer of Finspång, born 18 July 1818, dead 24 September 1896, was a Swedish statesman and writer. Between 1876 and 1880, he was the first Prime Minister of Sweden

Gustaf V

Gustaf V ("Oscar Gustaf Adolf"; 16 June 1858 – 29 October 1950) was a Swedish monarch. He was the King of Sweden from 1907 until his death in 1950.

Charles XV

Charles XV & IV also Carl ("Carl Ludvig Eugen"); Swedish and Norwegian: "Karl", born 3 May 1826, dead 18 September 1872, was a Swedish monarch. He was the King of Sweden ("Charles XV") and Norway ("Charles IV") from 1859 until his death in 1872.

Oscar I of Sweden

Oscar I (born Joseph François Oscar Bernadotte; 4 July 1799 – 8 July 1859) was a Swedish monarch. He was the King of Sweden and Norway from 1844 until his death in 1859.

Charles XIV John

Charles XIV & III John, also Carl John, Swedish and Norwegian: C"arl Johan" (26 January 1763 – 8 March 1844) was a Swedish monarch. He was the King of Sweden (as "Charles XIV John") and King of Norway (as "Charles III John") from 1818 until his 1844 death. Before he became Swedish royalty, he had also been the Sovereign Prince of Pontecorvo from 1806 until 1810, but then stopped using that title.

Östen Undén

Bo Östen Undén JD (25 August 1886 in Karlstad - 14 January 1974 in Stockholm) was a Swedish academic, civil servant and Social Democratic politician. He was acting Prime Minister of Sweden 6 October 1946 – 11 October 1946 following the death of Per Albin Hansson.

Ulf Lundell

Ulf Lundell (born 20 November 1949 in Södermalm, Stockholm, Sweden, full name "Ulf Gerhard Lundell") is a Swedish writer, poet, songwriter, composer, musician and artist.






Tomas Ledin

Tomas Folke Jonas Ledin (, born 25 February 1952, in Rätan, Sweden) is a Swedish singer, songwriter, guitarist, and producer. He grew up in the town of Sandviken in Sweden.








Ann-Louise Hanson

Ann-Louise Hanson (born 4 April 1944) is a Swedish singer. She has been involved in the music industry since 1956.


Towa Carson

Towa Carson (actual name Birgit Rose-Marie Anlert, née Carlsson), born on 31 March 1936 in Eskilstuna, Sweden, is a Swedish schlager singer. She debuted in 1954, and scored most successes during the 1950s and 60s. She recorded many vocal duets with Lasse Lönndahl. She has also participated in Swedish Eurovision Song Contest) preselection Melodifestivalen.

Alice Tegnér

Alice Charlotta Tegnér, born 12 March 1864, dead 26 May 1943, was a Swedish music teacher, poet and composer. During the late 19th and early 20th century, she composed several children's songs.

Viktor Rydberg

Abraham "Viktor" Rydberg (born 18 December 1828 in Jönköping, Sweden, died 21 September 1895 in Djursholm, Sweden) was a Swedish writer. Between 1877-1895 he was a member of the Swedish Academy.

Abdur Rahman Biswas

Abdur Rahman Biswas (1 September 1926 – 3 November 2017) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was the 11th President of Bangladesh during 1991 to 1996.

He was elected as a representative to the East Pakistan Legislative Assembly in 1962 and 1965.

Biswas died on 3 November 2017 at a hospital in Dhaka of respiratory failure, at the age of 91.

Charles XIII

Charles XIII & II also Carl, (born 7 October 1748 in Stockholm, Sweden, dead 5 February 1818) was a Swedish monarch. He was the King of Sweden (as "Charles XIII") from 1809 and King of Norway (as "Charles II") from 1814 until his 1818 death. He was the second son of King Adolf Frederick of Sweden and Louisa Ulrika of Prussia, sister of Frederick II of Prussia.

While known as King Charles XIII in Sweden, he was actually the seventh Swedish king by that name, as Charles IX (reigned 1604–1611) had adopted his numeral after studying a fictitious history of Sweden.

Alberto Breccia Guzzo

Alberto Breccia (3 July 1946 – 1 December 2014) was a Uruguayan politician and lawyer. He served in the Chamber of Deputies of Uruguay representing the Broad Front party. Breccia was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.

Breccia died in Montevideo, Uruguay, aged 68.

Gustav IV Adolf

Gustav IV Adolf or "Gustav IV Adolph" (1 November 1778 – 7 February 1837) was a Swedish monarch. He was the King of Sweden from 1792 until he abdicated in 1809.

Gustav III of Sweden

Gustav III ( – 29 March 1792) was King of Sweden from 1771 until he was shot to death in 1792. He was the eldest son of King Adolph Frederick and Queen Louise Ulrika, who was a sister of Frederick the Great, King of Prussia.

Fritz Sdunek

Fritz Sdunek (pronounced "free-ts zdoo-neck", April 18, 1947 – December 22, 2014) was a German professional boxing trainer and former amateur boxer.

Sdunek was one of the most successful and famous boxing trainers. He trained, among others, such world champions as Wladimir and Vitali Klitschko and Dariusz Michalczewski. He was born in Lüssow, Germany.

Sdunek died in Hamburg on December 22, 2014, at the age of 67.

Jan Malmsjö

Jan Wilhelm Malmsjö, born 29 May 1932, is a Swedish stage and film actor, musical star and singer. He is married to Marie Göranzon and father to Jonas Malmsjö.

Alan Williams

Alan John Williams (14 October 1930 – 21 December 2014) was a British Labour Party politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Swansea West from 1964 to 2010.

Williams was born in Caerphilly. He died in London at the age of 84 from a stroke on 21 December 2014.

Maia Hirasawa

Maia Hirasawa, born May 5, 1980 in Sollentuna, Sweden, is a Swedish-Japanese singer-songwriter.



Morteza Ahmadi

Morteza Haj Seyed Ahmadi (‎; 1 November 1924 – 21 December 2014) was an Iranian actor, singer and writer. Ahmadi was known for his works in "Autobus", "Madrak-e Jorm" and "Khane-kharab". He was born in Tehran.

Ahmadi died on 21 December 2014 at his private house in Tehran, aged 90.

Karin Kock-Lindberg

Karin Kock-Lindberg, née Kock, born 2 July 1891, dead 28 July 1976, was a Swedish social democrat politician and professor of economics. In 1947 she became the first woman to hold a Ministerial position in Sweden. She also became the first female professor of national economy in Sweden. She was known as Karin Kock-Lindberg after marrying lawyer Hugo Lindberg in 1936.

Frank Truitt

Frank Wilson Truitt, Jr., (April 4, 1925 – December 21, 2014) was an American coach and a veteran of World War II. Truitt helped coach the Ohio State men's basketball team to the 1960 NCAA Championship. Truitt was born in Columbus, Ohio.

Truitt died in Columbus, Ohio, aged 89.



Lim Xiaoqing

Lim Xiaoqing, born 15 August 1967, is a retired female badminton player. Originally from China, she later moved to Sweden.

She won three European Badminton Championships, one in the women's singles in 1994, and two in the women's doubles in 1992 and 1994. In 1995 she won the women's singles title at the All-England Championships. She then defeated Camilla Martin from Denmark in the final.

Jane Bown

Jane Hope Bown CBE (13 March 1925 – 21 December 2014) was an English photographer who worked for "The Observer" newspaper from 1949. Her portraits have been very popular to many critics. Bown was born in Eastnor, Herefordshire.

Bown died in London, aged 89.


Åke Johansson

Åke "Bajdoff" Johansson (19 March 1928 – 21 December 2014) was a Swedish football player. Johansson played as a center half in IFK Norrköping and capped 53 times for the national team between 1955-1965.

Johansson became Swedish champion with his club 6 times (1952, 1956, 1957, 1960, 1962 and 1963), won Guldbollen 1957 and was a member of the silver winning team in 1958 FIFA World Cup but didn't appeared in the final. He also capped one time for the national team in ice hockey. He died after a brief illness, on 21 December 2014.


Falköpings KIK

Falköpings KIK is a sports club in Falköping, Sweden. The club was established in 1976. In 2007, the women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division, Damallsvenskan.


IFK Vänersborg

IFK Vänersborg is a sports club in Vänersborg, Sweden. The club was established in 1903, and is most famous for its men's bandy successes. The club has played several seasons in the Swedish top division. During the 2014 World Cup the team played the final, losing 1-4 against Västerås SK.

Stefan Borsch

Stefan Borsch, born 19 January 1947 in Hagfors, Sweden, is a Swedish dansband singer. He originally sang for Öijwinds. From 1973, he sung for Vikingarna. After leaving Vikingarna, he began a solo career. He participated at the Swedish Melodifestivalen 1985 with the song "Sjung din sång", which was knocked out in the first round. In parallel to his solo albums, he also sang with Anders Engbergs until 1988. In 1989, he begun to appeari with Spotlight, later appearing under the name Stefan Borsch orkester. Under that name, they released albums until the band breakup in 1993 . Between 11 February 1995 and 4 December 1999 he was a member of Keith Elwins orkester. before ending his musical carrier in 1999

On 3 July 2004, he made an appearance in the Arvika Park together with Vikingarna during the band's final appearance.

Gripen Trollhättan BK

Gripen Trollhättan BK is a bandy club in Trollhättan, Sweden. The club was formed in 1936. The club was originally called Gripens BK, before changing name in 1988. The men's team played in the Swedish first division the seasons of 1973/1974, 2001/2002, 2002/2003 and 2004/2005. During the 2006/2007 season, the club managed to reach the top division again, where the club played during the 2007/2008. Their home ground is Slättbergshallen.


Ryan Shay

Ryan Shay, born May 4, 1979 – dead 3 November 3, 2007 was an US professional long-distance runner. He was born in Ypsilanti, Michigan, USA. He attended the University of Notre Dame. He was married to Alicia Craig, who was also an American distance runner.

He won several USA championships titles.

The Rivieras

The Rivieras was a US rock and roll group. They mostly became famous for their hit song "California Sun".

Christina Lindberg

Christina Lindberg, born 4 November 1968, is a Swedish country and dansband singer. She has sung together with Lasse Stefanz, and is probably most known for the song "De sista ljuva åren", which was a Svensktoppen hit from February 1989 and the upcoming 65 weeks, until the song left the chart in September 1990.


Olle Jönsson

Olle Jönsson, born 1 December 1955, is a Swedish singer for the dansband Lasse Stefanz. The band was awarded a Grammis in the "Dansband of the year" in 1989. Earlier, he was also the band's drummer, until a wrist operation. In January 2007, Gunnar Nilsson replaced him as the band's drummer instead.

In November 2012, Olle Jönsson announced he would immediately leave the band. However, he reappeared on stage as the band's singer already the upcoming week.

Bill Bruford

William Scott "Bill" Bruford (born 17 May 1949 in Sevenoaks, Kent) is an English drummer, percussionist, composer, producer, and record label owner. He was the first drummer in the progressive rock group Yes, from 1968–1972. Bruford played in many other bands since the early 1970s. He was the drummer for Genesis in 1976 while they were on tour. Bruford was the drummer for progressive rock band King Crimson. Bruford now plays jazz, and has his own jazz group, Earthworks. He stopped performing in public in 2009. He still has two record labels, and continues to speak and write about music. His autobiography, "Bill Bruford: The Autobiography", was published in early 2009.

Bertil Hallin

Bertil Hallin, born 30 December 1931, is a Swedish church musician and music teacher. He as been active in Malmö. He participated as an expert in the hymn commission of 1969. It led to the creation of the 1986 Swedish hymnal.

Questioning (sexuality and gender)

The questioning of one's status as a male, female or other (gender or gender identity), attraction to other people (sexual orientation) or both is often referred to in the LGBT community as just "questioning".

Questioning these aspects is a process of exploring things about oneself, which may make people unsure and worried about applying a label to themselves for different reasons.

The letter "Q" is often added to the end of the acronym LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender); the "Q" can refer to either queer or questioning. Many LGBT student groups and books include questioning in their books and literature; in the case of gay-straight alliances they do so in part so that students are not forced to label themselves or choose a sexual or gender identity.

According to the American Psychological Association:
"Adolescence can be a period of experimentation, and many youths may question their sexual feelings. Becoming aware of sexual feelings is a normal developmental task of adolescence. Sometimes adolescents have same-sex feelings or experiences that cause confusion about their sexual orientation. This confusion appears to decline over time, with different outcomes for different individuals."

Some young people avoid "coming out of the closet" (telling others their sexual orientation) because of homophobic negative beliefs by other people. For some young people, admitting their sexual or gender identity can bring an end to this confusion. Those who receive support can often live happy and healthy lives. However, those who do not are more likely to have to deal with bullying, experiencing suicidal thoughts, and are more likely to engage in risky activities such as having unprotected sex (not using a condom), misuse drugs and become alcoholic. Questioning young people are at higher risk of these than their open LGBT peers.

An issue of anxiety or depression related to a doubt about one's gender identity or sexual orientation has been classified as sexual maturation disorder by the WHO in the ICD-10, under "Mental and behavioural sicknesses/problems connected with sexual development and orientation". Sexual orientation, by itself, is not an illness and is not classified under this heading. 


Viveca Lärn

Viveca Lärn (born Viveca Sundvall, 6 April 1944 in Örgryte Parish, Gothenburg, Sweden) is a Swedish writer and journalist. She is mostly famous for writing the Mimmi and Eddie children's books series. She has also written books for adults. Her books for adults have led to the TV series "Saltön".

Bonnot Gang

The Bonnot Gang was a group of French anarchists known for robbing banks. They were credited with being the first to use the getaway car. They also used repeating rifles, which not even the police had. Their crimes were violent—murder, bank robbery and auto theft. They were known for their belief in illegalism, a school of anarchism that promotes crime. The reasoning was the state had no legitimate authority so they could break any laws they wished. The gang was named after its leader, Jules Bonnot. They were very famous at the time (1911-1912) and have been made into legends through books, television, movies, etc. throughout France and other countries.

Barbro Lindgren

Barbro Lindgren (born 18 March 1937) is a Swedish children's books writer. In 2004, she was awarded the Hans Christian Andersen Award. In 2004, she was awarded the Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award.

Tommy Nilsson

Erik Tommy Nilsson , born 11 March 1960 in Köping, Sweden is a Swedish rock singer and composer.




Tommy Körberg

Bert Gustav Tommy Körberg (), born 4 July 1948 in Norsjö, Sweden is a Swedish singer, actor, and musician. He played the role as Anatoly/"The Russian" in the musical "Chess".




Claes-Göran Hederström

Claes-Göran Hederström, (20 October 1945 – 8 November 2022) was a Swedish singer. He made his musical debut at SVT in 1967. He represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 1968 with the song "Det börjar verka kärlek, banne mej". The song ended up coming 5th.

Hederström died on 8 November 2022, at the age of 77.


Smegma

Smegma is a substance that forms in the sex organs of mammals. It is made of epithelial cells, skin cells, and moisture. It is found around the foreskin of the penis in males, or in the folds of skin around the vulva in females. In males, the smegma acts like a lubricant which makes sexual intercourse easier. It can be white through to yellow in colour. Smegma does not cause any harm, and normal washing will keep it under control; in fact too much washing may cause other problems.

Anna-Lena Löfgren

Anna-Lena Löfgren, born 1 May 1944, dead 21 May 2010, was a singer from Stockholm, Sweden. Between 1962 and 1995, she scored more than 40 Svensktoppen hit songs. During the 1960s, she also scored successes in the German-speaking world.

Östen Warnerbring

Östen Warnerbring, born 22 November 1934, died 18 January 2006, was a Swedish singer, musician, composer and lyricist. He represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 1967 with the song "Som en dröm". The music was written by Marcus Österdahl & Curt Pettersson. The lyrics were written by Patrice Hellberg.

Lill Lindfors

Maj Lillemor "Lill" Lindfors, born 12 May 1940 in Helsinki, Finland is a Swedish singer. She has performed successful in Scandinavia since the 1960s. Together with Svante Thuresson, she performed the song "Nygammal vals during the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, where Sweden ended up 2nd.

Lillemor Arvidsson

Maj "Lillemor" Arvidsson (May 1, 1943 – April 23, 2012) was a Swedish trade union leader. She served as the Governor of Gotland from 1998 to 2004.

Selma Lagerlöf

Selma Ottilia Lovisa Lagerlöf (; born 20 November 1858, dead 16 March 1940, She was 81 years old. Was a Swedish writer. In 1909, she was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature becoming the first woman to do so. She is mostly known for her children's book "Nils Holgerssons underbara resa genom Sverige" ("The Wonderful Adventures of Nils"). She also worked for women's rights.


Yngve Stoor

Hans "Yngve" Stoor (5 April 1912 – 3 October 1985) was a Swedish singer, lyricist and composer. One of his most famous recordings is the 1945 Christmas song "Sjömansjul på Hawaii".

Barnens brevlåda

Barnens brevlåda was a Swedish children's radio programme. It was led by Sven Jerring. It aired totally 1 785 times between 11 September 1925 and 1972. When airing for last time, it was the longest-lasting Swedish radio programme of that time. The record was broken on 14 November 1999 by the programme "Smoke Rings".

Sven Jerring

Sven Alfred Teodor Jerring (born "Jonsson"; 8 December 1895 in Malung – 27 April 1979 in Stockholm) was a Swedish radio personality. He was active as a presenter, sports journalist and commentator for Sveriges Radio. From 1925, he was the annual Vasaloppet commentator.

Ylva Eggehorn

Ylva Elisabet Eggehorn (born 6 March 1950 in Stockholm) is a Swedish Christian poet, writer, and hymnwriter. She has also written "historical fantasy" books about Gustav Badin.

Thomas Hodgkin

Thomas Hodgkin (17 August 1798 – 5 April 1866) was an English physician. He was born in Pentonville, Middlesex. He researched many kinds of diseases and discovered Hodgkin's disease. He died of dysentery in Jaffa, Ottoman Syria.

Thomas Addison

Thomas Addison (April 1793 – 29 June 1860) was an English physician and scientist.

Addison was born in Longbenton, Northumberland. He discovered Addison's disease and Addison's anemia.

Addison killed himself in Brighton, East Sussex. He jumped from a hospital he worked in. He suffered from depression.

Richard Bright (physician)

Richard Bright (28 September 1789 – 16 December 1858) was an English physician. He was born in Bristol. Bright researched many kidney diseases. He discovered Bright's disease. 

Bright died in London from heart disease, aged 69.

James Parkinson

James Parkinson FGS (11 April 175521 December 1824) was an English surgeon, apothecary, geologist, palaeontologist, and political activist. He researched and discovered Parkinson's disease.

Parkinson was born in Shoreditch, London. He died from a stroke in Langthorne, North Riding of Yorkshire, England, aged 69.

Jean-Martin Charcot

Jean-Martin Charcot (; ; 29 November 1825 – 16 August 1893) was a French neurologist and professor of anatomical pathology. He was known as "the founder of modern neurology". He discovered many diseases such as Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease and Charcot disease (better known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, motor neurone disease, or Lou Gehrig disease).

Hanna Gronkiewicz-Waltz

Hanna Beata Gronkiewicz-Waltz (born 4 December 1952 in Warsaw) is a Polish lawyer, economist, and politician. She was president of National Bank of Poland (1992-2001), vicepresident of European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (2001-2004). She is also viceleader of Civic Platform. In 2013 she received the title of Professor. In 2014 she has been again elected for Mayor of Warsaw. In 2018 she ended her term and did not run for the next one.

Pierre Marie

Pierre Marie (9 September 1853 – 13 April 1940) was a French neurologist. He was born in Paris. He was one of the scientists to discover Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease.

Charcot–Marie–Tooth disease

Charcot–Marie–Tooth disease (CMT), also known as Charcot–Marie–Tooth neuropathy, hereditary motor and sensory neuropathy (HMSN) and peroneal muscular atrophy (PMA) — is a genetically and clinically heterogeneous group of inherited disorders of the peripheral nervous system characterised by progressive loss of muscle tissue and touch sensation across various parts of the body.

Howard Henry Tooth

Howard Henry Tooth, CMG, CB (22 April 1856–1925) was a British neurologist. He was one of the scientists who discovered Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease.

Tooth died from a cerebral hemorrhage in Hadleigh, Suffolk, England.

Frederic Lewy

Frederic Henry Lewey (born Friedrich Heinrich Lewy, January 28, 1885 - October 5, 1950) was a Jewish German-born American neurologist. He is best known for the discovery of Lewy bodies.

Alfons Maria Jakob

Alfons Maria Jakob (2 July 1884, Aschaffenburg/Bavaria–17 October 1931, Hamburg) was a German neurologist who worked in the field of neuropathology. He was one of the scientists who discovered Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.

Hans Gerhard Creutzfeldt

Hans Gerhard Creutzfeldt (June 2, 1885 – December 30, 1964) was a German neuropathologist. He was the first to describe Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease. He was born in Harburg upon Elbe and died in Munich.

Dementia with Lewy bodies

Dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB), also known as diffuse Lewy body disease, cortical Lewy body disease, and senile dementia of Lewy type, is a type of dementia accompanied by changes in sleep, behavior, cognition, movement, and automatic bodily functions. It is characterized by the presence of Lewy bodies, parts of alpha-synuclein and ubiquitin protein in neurons, detectable in "post mortem" brain histology.
Lewy body dementia affects 1.3 million individuals in the United States alone.

Beji Caid Essebsi

Mohamed Beji Caid Essebsi (or el-Sebsi, , ""; 29 November 1926 – 25 July 2019) was a Tunisian lawyer and politician. He was the fifth President of Tunisia from 2014 until his death in 2019. He was elected in the first presidential election that followed the Tunisian Revolution. From 27 February 2011 to 24 December 2011, he was the Prime Minister of Tunisia.

On 27 June 2019, Essebsi was hospitalized at a military hospital in Tunis under critical condition due to a "severe medical crisis". The following day his condition stabilized. He died a month later on 25 July after being hospitalized after having a "medical scare" in Tunis at the age of 92.

Hédi Baccouche

Hédi Baccouche (15 January 1930 – 21 January 2020) was the Prime Minister of Tunisia from 7 November 1987 to 27 September 1989. Baccouche led the Socialist Destourian Party until it changed its name to the Constitutional Democratic Rally in 1988. He was born in Hammam Sousse.

Hamed Karoui

Hamed Karoui (30 December 1927 – 27 March 2020) was Prime Minister of Tunisia from 27 September 1989 to 17 November 1999. From 1986 to 1987 he was Minister of Youth and Sports and from 1988 to 1989 he was Minister of Justice. He was a member of the Constitutional Democratic Rally party. He was born in Sousse, Tunisia.

Karoui died on 27 March 2020 at his home in Sousse from COVID-19 at the age of 92.

Mohammed Mzali

Mohammed Mzali (, 23 December 1925 – 23 June 2010) was a Tunisian politician. He served as Prime Minister of Tunisia from 23 April 1980 through 8 July 1986. Mzali was born in Monastir, Tunisia.

He served as a member of the International Olympic Committee from 1965 until his death in 2010.

Mzali died in Paris, France from a long-illness, aged 85.

Alvin Sargent

Alvin Sargent (April 12, 1927 – May 9, 2019) was an American screenwriter. He won two Academy Awards in 1978 and 1981 for his screenplays of "Julia" and "Ordinary People". 

Sargent died on May 9, 2019 in Seattle, Washington at the age of 92.

Joseph Sargent

Joseph Sargent (born Giuseppe Danielle Sorgente, July 22, 1925 – December 22, 2014) was an American movie and television director and producer. He was best known for his movies "White Lightning", "MacArthur", "Nightmares", "", and "The Taking of Pelham One Two Three". He won four Emmy Awards.

Sargent died of complications from heart disease at his home in Malibu, California, on December 22, 2014. He was 89.


Burrill Bernard Crohn

Burrill B. Crohn (June 13, 1884 – July 29, 1983) was an American gastroenterologist. He was one of the first to describe Crohn's disease. He was born in New York. Crohn died in Connecticut at the age of 99.

George Huntington

George Huntington (April 9, 1850 – March 3, 1916) was an American physician. He discovered Huntington's disease. He was born in New York City. Huntington died in Long Island, New York, aged 65.


Autoimmunity

Autoimmunity is a medical condition where a person’s immune system attacks that person’s own body. A healthy immune system recognizes viruses, bacteria, and other pathogens, then fights them off. When a person has autoimmunity, their immune system attacks the person’s own body. It recognizes the body’s healthy cells and tissues as antigens, and reacts by attacking them. Sometimes this reaction causes severe inflammation, which can be painful and dangerous. Sometimes the reaction is not dangerous and causes very few symptoms. Diseases caused by autoimmunity are called autoimmune diseases.

A person can suddenly develop autoimmunity. Scientists can also cause autoimmunity by injecting people with autoantigens (the healthy cells that the immune system attacks).



Muhammed Zafar Iqbal

Muhammed Zafar Iqbal (; born 23 December 1952) is a Bangladeshi author of science fiction and Children's literature. He is a professor of computer science and engineering at Shahjalal University of Science and Technology. He is also head of the department of electrical and electronic engineering at that university.

Zafar Iqbal was born on 23 December 1952 in Sylhet. His father, Faizur Rahman Ahmed, was a police officer. His mother is Ayesha Akhter Khatun. In his childhood, he traveled various parts of Bangladesh. This was because of his father's transferring jobs. Iqbal was encouraged to write by his father in early life. Iqbal passed Secondary School Certificate (SSC) exam from Bogra Zilla School in 1968 and Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSC) exam from Dhaka College in 1970. He earned his BSc in physics from the University of Dhaka in 1976. In the same year Iqbal went to University of Washington to obtain his PhD which he earned in 1982.

He married Yasmeen Haque in 1978. She is currently the Dean of the Life Science Department and Head of the department of Physics at Shahjalal University of Science and Technology (SUST). They have a son, Nabil, and a daughter, Yeshim. Iqbal's elder brother, Humayun Ahmed, was a writer and filmmaker. His younger brother, Ahsan Habib, is the editor of the satirical magazine, "Unmad" ("Mad") and a cartoonist.

After obtaining his PhD degree, Iqbal worked as a post-doctoral researcher at California Institute of Technology (Caltech). This was from 1983 to 1988. He then joined Bell Communications Research (Bellcore) as a research scientist. He left the institute in 1994. Upon returning to Bangladesh he joined the faculty of the Computer Science and Engineering department at SUST. Later he became the head of the Electrical and Electronic Engineering department (EEE).He also serves as the Director of BTCL and Vice President of Bangladesh Mathematical Olympiad committee. Iqbal played a leading role in founding Bangladesh Mathematical Olympiad. He popularized mathematics among Bangladeshi youths at local and international level. In 2011 he won Rotary SEED Award (Science, Education and Economic Development) for his contribution in the field of education.

Iqbal started writing stories from a very early age. He wrote his first short story at the age of seven. While studying in Dhaka University Iqbal's story "Copotronik Bhalobasa" was published in a local magazine. Later he rewrote the story and published it as collection of stories titled "Copotronik Sukh Dukho". Iqbal is one of the first writers of science fiction in the Bengali language. He mainly writes for younger readers. He is best known for his novels for youngsters. He also wrote several articles on physics and mathematics. He is regularly a Columnist for mainstream newspapers.



Division of Barker

The Division of Barker is an Australian Electoral Division in the south-east of South Australia. it includes the towns of Barmera, Berri, Bordertown, Keith, Kingston SE, Loxton, Mannum, Millicent, Mount Gambier, Murray Bridge, Naracoorte, Penola, Renmark, Tailem Bend, Waikerie, and parts of Nuriootpa and Tanunda. It was set up in 1903, and named for Collet Barker, who explored the mouth of the Murray River in 1831.

Archie Cameron was leader of the Country Party and Speaker of the House in the Menzies Government. Cameron's death caused a by-election which was won by Jim Forbes, later a minister in the Menzies, Holt, Gorton and McMahon governments. Ian McLachlan, was Minister for Defence from 1996 to 1998 in the Howard Government.


Division of Boothby

The Division of Boothby is an Australian electoral division in South Australia. It was set up 1903 and is named for William Boothby (1829–1903), the Returning Officer for the first federal election in 1901.

It covers the suburbs south of Adelaide, including Aberfoyle Park, Belair, Blackwood, Brighton, Daw Park, Eden Hills, Flagstaff Hill, Marion, Mitcham, Seacliff, St Marys and Panorama.

David Gordon won the seat in a by-election in 1911 caused by the death of Lee Batchelor. Another by-election was held in 1941 after the death of John Price. Sir John McLeay was Speaker of the House of Representatives from 1956-66. His son John, Jr., was a minister in the Fraser government. Steele Hall had been Premier of South Australia, when he won the seat in a by-election caused by McLeay accepting a diplomatic position overseas.


Willie Rennie

William Cowan "Willie" Rennie (born 27 September 1967) is a Scottish politician. He is the current Leader of the Scottish Liberal Democrats. He became the Member of Parliament (MP) for Dunfermline and West Fife in February 2006. Rennie lost this seat to Labour in the May 2010 UK general election. He was then appointed as a Special Government Adviser. He worked for the Scottish Secretaries of State Danny Alexander MP and then Michael Moore MP. He stood for the Scottish Parliament in the 2011 Scottish Parliament general election. He was elected as a member for the Mid Scotland and Fife region. Soon afterwards he was elected as leader of the Scottish Liberal Democrat party. He replaced Tavish Scott.


K. Balachander

Kailasam Balachander (9 July 1930 – 23 December 2014) was an Indian movie director, screenwriter and producer. He was born in Nannilam, Madras presidency, British India. Balachander was known for directing "Neerkumizhi" (1965).

Balachander died from a urinary tract infection in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, aged 84.


Gideon Ben-Yisrael

Gideon Ben-Yisrael (; March 6, 1923 – December 18, 2014) was an Israeli politician. He served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai and Rafi in the 1950s and 1960s. He was born in Haifa, Mandatory Palestine.

Ben-Yisrael died in Tel Aviv from natural causes, aged 92. He was buried at the Trumpeldor Cemetery in Tel Aviv.

Ronald and Nancy Reagan Research Institute

The Ronald and Nancy Reagan Research Institute, an affiliate of the National Alzheimer's Association in Chicago, Illinois, is an initiative founded by former United States President Ronald Reagan and First Lady Nancy Reagan to accelerate the progress of Alzheimer's disease research. The center was dedicated in 1995.

Alsou

Alsou Ralifovna Abramova (; ; "née" Safina, born June 27, 1983) is a Bugulman singer. She is known simply as Alsou (). She is a Tartar and a Muslim, born in Bugulma (Republic of Tatarstan). Alsou only speaks a few common phrases in her own language. At the age of 15 she gained recognition with her first recording, "Alsou". 

She competed in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000 finishing in second place. She also released her first English album in 2000. Alsou hosted the final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 held in Moscow. On 7 July 2011 Alsou was appointed as a UNESCO Artist for Peace by Director-General Irina Bokova. She is a founder and organizer of the International Folk Music Festival of Peoples of the Volga River.

MTV Unplugged

MTV Unplugged is a TV series. It showcases many popular musical artists usually playing acoustic instruments. It received the George Foster Peabody Award and 3 Primetime Emmy nominations.

Aquilops

Aquilops is a small early Ceratopsian dinosaur from Montana, U.S.A.. It is from the Lower Cretaceous, about 109 to 104 million years ago (mya). This is 20 million years before the previous earliest known North American dinosaur of its type.

The skull, which is the only part found, is smaller than a man's hand.

Down (Jay Sean song)

"Down" is the first single by English singer Jay Sean featuring rapper Lil Wayne. The song is the first single from Jay Sean's third studio album "All or Nothing". The song was released in 31 May 2009 on U.S. radio and on 30 June 2009 through digital retailers. 

"Down" sold over four million copies in the United States and six million copies worldwide. It also received a large amount of airplay from two billion listener impressions on radio worldwide.

The song was able to reach number 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and overtook the Black Eyed Peas after their 26 week reign at number one. It made Jay Sean the first British act to reach a Billboard Hot 100 number-one single since Coldplay's "Viva la Vida" in 2008, as well as the fourth British act overall this decade. It is the best-selling single by a British/European male artist in North America since Elton John's "Candle in the Wind" in 1997.It is also the first by a British Asian artist since Freddie Mercury in 1980.

The song has also been covered by pop punk band Destine as a stand alone single and by electronic rock band Breathe Carolina for the compilation album "Punk Goes Pop 3".


Saydabad District

Saydabad is the main district of Wardak Province, Afghanistan. There are several villages in the district.

Down (Stone Temple Pilots song)

"Down" is the first single off American hard rock band Stone Temple Pilots' fourth studio album "No. 4". The song was released on April 5, 1999. The song is also featured on STP's compilation albums "Thank You" and "Buy This".

On the "Billboard" charts, "Down" was able to peak at #5 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, #7 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart and at #9 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart.

In 2001, the song was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance at the 43rd Annual Grammy Awards but it lost to "Guerrilla Radio" by Rage Against the Machine.


Angham

Angham Mohamed Ali Suleiman () (born January 19, 1972) is an Egyptan singer, record producer and actress. She is one the most successful Egyptian female singers.



Amr Diab

Amr Abdul-Basset Abdul-Azeez Diab ( , born 11 October 1961) is an Egyptian singer-songwriter.

Official Albums


Unofficial Albums



Egyptians

Egyptians are a ethnic group and nation native to Egypt. Most Egyptians ara Arabic and 3rd or 4th biggest Muslim Country in the Whole Worlds.!!

Ancient Civilisation Egypt dates back to the 3rd Millennium BC.!!’

Ancient Egypt was the world’s longest continuous “Civilisations” that brought us pyramids, papyrus, mummies, and pharaohs.!!’

Most Ancient Egyptian pyramids were built as tombs for Pharaohs (rulers of Ancient Egypt) and their families.!!’

Egyptians were innovators responsible for some of history’s greatest creations and infamous characters that are still discussed and debated today.!!

Plato:
In the Socratic dialogue 'Republic', Plato famously wrote: “Our need will be the real creator” (Wikipedia.org, 2020) which was moulded over time into the ENGLISH proverb 'Necessity is the “Mother of Invention' “

MTV Unplugged (Julieta Venegas album)

MTV Unplugged is the first live album recorded by Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas.

The track listing by iTunes Store Mexico.

Wheldrake

Wheldrake is a village and a civil parish about southeast of the city of York in England. In 2011, the parish had a population of 2,107. The parish of Wheldrake covers an area of . It was established before 1066. It was in the possession of Fountains Abbey in the Middle Ages. Wheldrake became part of a landed estate until the mid 20th century. It has a significant conservation area and a nature reserve of international importance. This, named Wheldrake Ings, is about 8 miles south of York. It is where many wildflowers flourish and rare birds prosper.

Aquí

Aquí ("Here") is the first studio album by Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas. It was released on March 24, 1997. It was well received by the public. The two singles released were "De Mis Pasos" and "Cómo Sé".

All songs were written by Venegas.



Crawfordsville

Crawfordsville may refer to several United States locations:



Crawfordville

Crawfordville may refer to two United States locations:



Patrick Harvie

Patrick Harvie (born 18 March 1973) is a Scottish politician. He is a co-leader of the Scottish Green Party. He is the leader of the party in the Scottish Parliament. The other co-leader is Lorna Slater.

He became a Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for the Glasgow region at the elections in May 2003.

He was first elected co-convener of the Scottish Green Party in 2008.


Uppingham

Uppingham is a town in Rutland, England about 6 miles from the county town of Rutland, Oakham. As of 2001, 3,781 people lived in Uppingham.

Etxebarri

Etxebarri, Doneztebeko Elizatea () is a town and municipality in the Biscay province, Basque Country, Spain.

Basque Country

Basque Country may refer to:


Vetagrande

Vetagrande is town and one of 58 municipalities of Zacatecas, Mexico. It has an area of 142 km² with 0.18% of state territory. Another town in this municipality is Llano de las Vírgenes.

Zacatecas City

Zacatecas () is a city and municipality in Mexico. It is the capital and largest city of the state of Zacatecas. The name means "people of the grasslands."

Angel (disambiguation)

An angel is a supernatural being in many religions.

Angel might also refer to:


Europop

Europop is a form of pop music that originated in Europe during the late 1970s. Europop is usually different than U.S. pop music due to its dance-oriented sound. It is similar to European electropop and Eurodance.

MC

MC is an initialism for master of ceremonies or mic controller.

MC, M.C., Mc, mC or mc may also refer to:











Hwaseong

Hwaseong is a city in South Korea. It is in the Gyeonggi province.

Conga (song)

"Conga" is the first hit single by the Miami Sound Machine with Gloria Estefan. It was released in late 1985. It reached number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. 

The longest version of the song is six minutes and six seconds.

Miami Sound Machine

Miami Sound Machine was an American Latin music group. It started in 1975. It was originally called "Miami Latin Boys". In 1977, Gloria Estefan and another woman joined the group. After that, the group was renamed to "Miami Sound Machine". The group became very successful after Estefan joined.

The band had hit songs and albums. Starting with their album, "Let it Loose", the group was called "Gloria Estefan and Miami Sound Machine". In 1989, the group name was dropped. Estefan started performing under her name alone.

In 2002, a new group formed using the "Miami Sound Machine" name. That group did not have any of the previous band members. They were not very successful.


Cuts Both Ways

Cuts Both Ways is the first solo album by Gloria Estefan. It was also Estefan's last album with the Miami Sound Machine. The album contains Latin music, dance and ballads.

This album was released in July 1989. Its first single was "Don't Wanna Lose You."

Arlesey

Arlesey is a small town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England. In 2007, about 5,690 people lived in Arlesey. 

Dunstable

Dunstable is a town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England. As of 2001 35,000 people lived in Dunstable. 


Flitwick

Flitwick is a small town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England. 12,700 people live in Flitwick.

Houghton Regis

Houghton Regis is a town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England. Around 17,280 people live in Houghton Regis.

Kempston

Kempston is a town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England. As of 2001, 19,440 people lived in Kempston. It was once known as the largest village in England.

Leighton Buzzard

Leighton Buzzard is a town in Bedfordshire, England. There are around 37,000 people living in Leighton Buzzard.

Linslade

Linslade is a town in Bedfordshire, England. It is around one third of the way between London and Birmingham. It is located on the Bedfordshire side of the Bedfordshire-Buckinghamshire border. It is right next to the town of Leighton Buzzard. Together they form the civil parish of Leighton-Linslade. Linslade was transferred from Buckinghamshire in 1965. It was previously a separate urban district in its own right. It remained part of the Diocese of Oxford until 2008 when it joined Leighton Buzzard in the Diocese of St Albans. 

The original Anglo-Saxon settlement of Linslade was not located at the modern site. It is further north and survives today as the hamlet of "Old Linslade". The present location, Linslade, experienced massive growth in the 1840s. This was associated with the construction of the Grand Union Canal and—particularly—the London and Birmingham Railway (now known as the West Coast Main Line). Linslade underwent a second major period of expansion, again associated with the railways, during the 1970s. As of the 2011 census there were 37,470 people living in Linslade.

Potton

Potton is a town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England. It is about from Bedford.

As of 2001, 4,473 people lived in Potton. As of the 2001 census, 95.5% of residents in Potton were British. 73.9% were Christian, 1.3% followed another religion and 24.9% said no religion.

Sandy, Bedfordshire

Sandy is a town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England. It is between Cambridge and Bedford on the A1 road from London to Edinburgh. As of 2001, 10,887 people lived in Sandy.

Shefford, Bedfordshire

Shefford is a town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England. As of 2011 5,880 people lived in Shefford. There is archaeological evidence of Roman occupation here about the 1st century AD. In 1225 a Charter was granted to hold a market here. In 1312, Shefford was granted another charter to hold an annual fair at Michaelmas (September 29th). It is still held as a street fair every year on October 11th. In the 14th century a chapel was built here. Part of the church tower still exists. Shefford was divided between the parishes of Clifton, Campton, Meppershall and Southill. It was called Shefford-cum-Campton. Shefford became a parish in the early 19th century.

Stotfold

Stotfold is a town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England. As of 2001, 6,190 people lived in Stotfold.

Like a G6

"Like a G6" is the first single from American musical group Far East Movement's third studio album "Free Wired". The song was released on April 13, 2010. The song features The Cataracs and singer/rapper Dev. The song chorus features a sample from Dev's song "Booty Bounce".

"Like a G6" was number 1 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 for two weeks and ended on November 6, 2010. The song was number 1 again for the week of November 27 in the same year.

The "G6" in the song "Booty Bounce" was sampled in "Like a G6". The song was put into the lyrics after the producers of the song were trying to look for a rhyme for the line "Sippin' sizzurp in my ride, like Three 6". The producers decided to choose "G6", which is meant to be a reference to the private airplane model Gulfstream IV. According to Far East Movement member Kev Nish, they decided that a G6 was "flyer than a G4".


Wixams

Wixams is a new town in Bedfordshire, England. It started being built since 2007. It is thought that it will become the third largest settlement in the Borough of Bedford after Bedford and Kempston.

Woburn, Bedfordshire

Woburn is a village and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England. It is about five miles from Milton Keynes. At the 2011 census, 930 people lived in Woburn.

According to the. Illage website, the first record of Woburn was in 969 AD as a hamlet. It was mentioned in the Domesday Book in 1086. The same source asserts: "the name Woburn comes from the Old English words 'wo', which means crooked, and 'burn' which means village. In 1145 Woburn Abbey was founded by Cistercian monks. In 1538, at the dissolution of the monasteries, the monastery was granted to the first Earl of Bedford."

Woburn has been burned down and rebuilt three times in its history. The first time was due to a chimney fire that spread to the other houses. The second time was during the English Civil War. The third time was in 1724 when another fire destroyed most of the village. It was rebuilt the last time in the Georgian style. New inns and a Market-house were added.

Right in the centre of Woburn is a short road leading to Woburn Park, the large estate of the Duke of Bedford. The present Woburn Abbey is the family seat (country house) of the Russells, whose senior title is the Dukedom of Bedford. The estate includes the Woburn Safari Park, a sizeable herd of deer and ornamental gardens. The house is usually open to visitors, and includes one of the finest private collections of historical portraits and a superb library.

The house, estate and family were the subject of a reality series on BBC 2 running to 29 episodes. The house has been used a number of times as a film set.

Puy de Sancy

Puy de Sancy (, "Mount of the Cross") is a French mountain, the highest mountain in the Massif Central and the highest of volcanic origin in Metropolitan France. It is part of an old stratovolcano which has been inactive for about 250,000 years.

Puy de Sancy is in the Puy-de-Dôme departement in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. With an elevation of above sea level, it is the highest point of the department.

The mountain was called during the 19th century as "Puy de la Croix" ("Mount of the Cross") because there was a big cross on the summit (the top of the mountain). That name is kept in the Occitan language.

Puy de Sancy is in the Monts Dore, a chain of volcanic mountains in the centre of the Massif Central and at about to the southwest of Clermont-Ferrand; it is within the borders of the "Parc naturel régional des volcans d'Auvergne" ("Regional Nature Park of the Auvergne Volcanoes").

Several small rivers (streams) have their sources on the sides of Puy de Sancy. In the valley to the north of the mountain are the sources of two streams called "Dore" and "Dogne"; at an altitude of , both streams are joined to form the Dordogne river.

There are three ski stations (places where people go to practice skiing) on the slopes of Puy de Sancy: "Super-Besse" and "Mont-Dore" (together they are called the "Grand Sancy") and "Chastreix-Sancy".


Eurodance

Eurodance is a form of dance music that started in Europe in the late 1980s. It is an evolved and more synthesized form of Eurodisco, and is combined with house and Hi-NRG. It is known for its rich melodic sound. It is similar to dance-pop and techno music.

Strange Magic

Strange Magic is a 2015 animated musical comedy and fantasy movie. Evan Rachel Wood plays Marianne. Maya Rudolph plays Griselda. Kristin Chenoweth plays the Sugar Plum Fairy. 

The movie was released on January 23, 2015.

Jeremy Lloyd

John Jeremy Lloyd, OBE (22 July 1930 – 23 December 2014) was an English writer, screenwriter, author, poet and actor. He was best known as co-author and writer of several successful British sitcoms, including "Are You Being Served?" and "'Allo 'Allo!".

Lloyd was born in Danbury, Essex. He died on 23 December 2014, aged 84, after being admitted to a London hospital with pneumonia.

Bernard Stone

Bernard "Berny" L. Stone (November 24, 1927 – December 22, 2014) was an American politician. He served as an alderman of the 50th Ward of the City of Chicago, Illinois.

Stone died on December 22, 2014 at age 87 from complications from a fall in Skokie, Illinois.


Krzysztof Krauze

Krzysztof Krauze (2 April 1953 – 24 December 2014) was a Polish movie director, screenwriter, photographer and cinematographer. He was best known for his 1999 thriller "Debt".

Krauze died at the age of 61 from prostate cancer on 24 December 2014 in Warsaw, Poland.


Edward Greenspan

Edward Leonard Greenspan, QC (February 28, 1944 – December 24, 2014) was a Canadian lawyer and author. He was of Jewish descent. He was one of the most famous defence lawyers in Canada. He owned the popular Canadian Broadcasting Corporation radio series, "The Scales of Justice" (1982–1989) and television series (1990-1994).

Greenspan died of heart failure at the age of 70 at his family home in Phoenix, Arizona in 2014.

Richard B. Stone

Richard Bernard Stone (September 22, 1928 – July 28, 2019) was an American politician. He was a Democratic United States Senator from Florida. Stone later served as Ambassador at Large to Central America and Ambassador to Denmark.

Stone died on July 28, 2019 at the age of 90.


Lise Nørgaard

Lise Nørgaard (born Elise Jensen; 14 June 1917 – 1 January 2023) was a Danish journalist, author and screenwriter. She is known for her book "Kun en pige" ("Only a girl") and for writing the screenplay of the television series "Matador". She was born in Roskilde.

Nørgaard turned 100 in 2017. She died on 1 January 2023 in Copenhagen, at the age of 105.


Connie Hedegaard, Niels Jorgen-Kaiser, Nils Berger Wamberg, "Så er det Sagt! -- en samtaleportræt af Lise Nørgaard" (English: "So it is said!: A conversational portrait of Lise Nørgaard"), Gyldendal, 1997, 157pp 



John Kundla

John Albert Kundla (July 3, 1916 – July 23, 2017) was an American former college and professional basketball coach. He was the first head coach for the Minneapolis Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

Kundla died on July 23, 2017 in Minneapolis, Minnesota at the age of 101.


Charles Hard Townes

Charles Hard Townes (July 28, 1915 – January 27, 2015) was an American Nobel Prize-winning physicist and educator. 

Townes is known for his work on the theory and application of the maser, on which he got the fundamental patent, and other work in quantum electronics connected with both maser and laser devices. 

He shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1964 with Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov. In 1982, Townes received the National Medal of Science, presented by President Ronald Reagan.

Townes was born in Greenville, South Carolina. Townes died at the age of 99 in Oakland, California, on January 27, 2015.


René Angélil

René Angélil (January 16, 1942 – January 14, 2016) was a Canadian singer. He was also the former manager of Céline Dion. He was married to Dion from 1994 until his death. 

Angélil was born in Montreal, Quebec. It was previously reported that he had throat cancer. In September 2015, Céline revealed that Angélil's cancer was terminal, and that he had only 'weeks' to live. Angélil died on January 14, 2016 in Henderson, Nevada of a heart attack complicated from the disease at the age of 73.

Division of Grey

The Division of Grey is an Australian electoral division in South Australia. It was set up in 1903 and is named for Sir George Grey, Governor of South Australia from 1841–45 (and later Prime Minister of New Zealand). 

The division covers 92% of the state. The borders of the electorate include the Western Australia, Northern Territory, Queensland and New South Wales borders, as well as the south coast. The division includes Ceduna, Port Lincoln, Whyalla, Port Augusta, Roxby Downs, Coober Pedy, Port Pirie, Kadina, Maitland, Orroroo, Peterborough, Burra and Eudunda.

Jack Mortimer won the division in a by-election in 1963, caused by the death of Edgar Russell.


The Nut Job

The Nut Job is a 2014 animated comedy movie about a heist. Will Arnett plays Surly, Brendan Fraser plays Grayson. Katherine Heigl plays Andie. Maya Rudolph plays Precious. 

This movie was released in the United States on January 17, 2014.

Alberta Adams

Alberta Adams (born Roberta Louise Osborn on July 26, 1917 - December 25, 2014) was an American Detroit blues, jump blues, and Chicago blues singer. Adams was born in Indianapolis, Indiana.

She was raised in Detroit, she began performing as a tap dancer and nightclub singer in the 1930s. In 1952, she landed a recording contract with Chess Records and recorded alongside Red Saunders for the record label. Adams toured alongside Duke Ellington, Eddie Vinson, Louis Jordan, Lionel Hampton, and T-Bone Walker amongst others. 

Her solo career saw her secure a recording contract with the now defunct Cannonball Records, and she recorded two albums for them: 1999's "Born With the Blues" and 2000s "Say Baby Say". Her 2004 album, "I'm on the Move", was released on Eastlawn Records label. In 2006 she released the EP "Detroit's Queen of the Blues", which was named Outstanding Blues/R&B Recording at the 2006 Detroit Music Awards. 

At age 91 she recorded "Detroit Is My Home", with Ann Rabson and Thornetta Davis as guest artists.

Adams died in Detroit, Michigan after a period of failing health, aged 97.


Gleb Yakunin

Gleb Pavlovich Yakunin (; 4 March 1934 – 25 December 2014) was a Russian priest and dissident. He fought for the freedom of conscience in the Soviet Union. He was member of Moscow Helsinki Group, and he was elected to Russian Parliaments from 1990 to 1999.

Yakunin was born in Moscow, Soviet Union. He died at the age of 80 after a long illness on 25 December 2014 in Moscow, Russia.


High Stakes &amp; Dangerous Men (abum)

High Stakes & Dangerous Men is the thirteenth album by British hard rock band UFO. It was released in February 1992.

Pascal Jardin

Pascal Jardin is a French director in animation, He directed many Marathon Media series and movies such as Totally Spies! (season 3-5 co-directed with Stephane Berry and directed season 6) and "Gormiti: The Lords of Nature Return!". In 2009, he directed "Totally Spies! The Movie". 

Walter Duncan

Walter Duncan was a British painter. He was born in 1848 in London, He died in 1932 in Richmond, London.

He completed his early studies in the family with his father Edward Duncan. His father was a member of the "Royal Society of Watercolours" in London.

He lived in London, then later in Surrey.

Duncan expressed himself with drawing, pastels, watercolor and oil.


WRIGIT Christopher, GORDON Catherine Mary, SMITH Mary Peskett (2006), “Walter Duncan”, in IDEM "British and Irish Paintings in Public Collections", New Haven 2006, Yale University Press, pag. 310.


Dylan Baker

Dylan Baker (born October 7, 1959) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in "Happiness", "Planes, Trains and Automobiles", "Trick 'r Treat", "Spider-Man 3", and in "".

Baker was born in Syracuse, New York, but was raised in Lynchburg, Virginia.

Alan Gross

Alan Phillip Gross (born May 2, 1949) is an American international development professional.

In December 2009, he was arrested while in Cuba working as a U.S. government subcontractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) as part of a program funded under the 1996 Helms-Burton Act. He was prosecuted in 2011 after being accused of crimes against the Cuban state for bringing satellite phones and computer equipment (to members of Cuba’s Jewish community) without the permit required under Cuban law.

After being accused of working for American intelligence services in January 2010, he was ultimately convicted for “acts against the independence or the territorial integrity of the state" in March 2011. He was released from Cuban prison on December 17, 2014.


Divine Discontent

Divine Discontent is the fourth studio album by American Christian rock band Sixpence None the Richer. The album was released on October 29, 2002. It was the group's first studio album of new material in 5 years. It was published by Warner Music label Reprise Records.

The Wild Heart

The Wild Heart is a 1983 pop rock solo album from Stevie Nicks. It had three hit singles: "Stand Back", "If Anyone Falls" and "Nightbird". It peaked at #5 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. This album was released on June 10, 1983.

Little Red Corvette

"Little Red Corvette" is a pop/rock song by musician Prince. The song was his biggest hit at the time of release. It got to #6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was on the Prince album "1999". In this song, the LinnDrum was heard.

The song was released on February 9, 1983.

1999 (song)

"1999" is a song by Prince. This was the title track from the album "1999".

The song was released on September 24, 1982. At that time, it did not get into the top 40 in the United States or the United Kingdom. It peaked at #44 in December 1982. Later, after "Little Red Corvette" hit the top 10, "1999" peaked at #12 in the U.S. in July 1983. The Linn LM-1 and LinnDrum were heard in this song.

1999 (Prince album)

1999 is the fifth studio album from Prince. It contained the hit songs "Little Red Corvette", "1999" and "Delirious". The title track was a protest against nuclear proliferation.

The record was released on October 27, 1982.

The album's music is pop, funk and R&B.

"1999" was well received by contemporary critics. Reviewing for "Rolling Stone" in December 1982, Michael Hill praised Prince for "working like a colorblind technician who's studied both Devo and Afrika Bambaataa and the Soulsonic Force, keeping the ["1999"s] songs constantly kinetic with an inventive series of shocks and surprises." "The Village Voice" reviewer Robert Christgau was more reserved in his praise. While conceding that, "like every black pop auteur, Prince commands his own personal groove ... stretching his flat funk forcebeat onto two discs worth of deeply useful dance tracks", he also believed that the musician's only reliable subject remains race, leaving the critic with doubts about the messages behind the sex and apocalyptic songs.

Archaefructus

Archaefructus is an extinct genus of herbaceous aquatic seed plants. Its fossils come from the Yixian Formation in northeastern China, about 125 million years ago in the early Cretaceous. "Archaefructus" is the earliest known genus of flowering plants.

It lacks sepals and petals. Its reproductive organs, carpels and stamens, are produced on an elongate stem rather than condensed into a flower as in modern angiosperms. Archaefructaceae has been proposed as a new basal angiosperm family. 

An alternate interpretation of the same fossil has the long stem as an inflorescence rather than a flower, with staminate (male) flowers below and pistillate (female) flower above. The discovery of "Archaefructus eoflora" supports this interpretation, because a bisexual flower is present between staminate and pistillate organs. If this is correct, "Archaefructus" may not be basal within angiosperms, but it may be close to the Nymphaeales or the basal eudicots.

Tegnér church

A Tegnér church () or Tegnér barn () is a popular nickname given to a type of church building. They are usually located in rural Sweden. They were often built during the late 18th century and the early 19th century. They were built when Esaias Tegnér was bishop of the Diocese of Växjö in the Church of Sweden. The term mostly became popular in Småland.

These buildings are usually white. They are built in Neoclassicist style. They have a tall tower connected to the main building. Many of the buildings were built to replace demolished Medieval churches. The new churches were larger and could hold more people inside. This was needed because the population of Sweden was increasing.

Aumont family

The title of Duke of Aumont was established in 1665. It was first given to Antoine d'Aumont (1601–1669). For a long time, the dukes of Aumont had the title of first Gentleman of the Chamber of the King ("gentilhomme de la chambre du Roi"). They were a fairly influential and wealthy family. They owned the "Hôtel d'Aumont" a large townhouse in Paris. The family also had many other titles including "Marquis of Villequier". This was sometimes used by the heir to the ducal title.


The present reigning Prince of Monaco is a direct descendant of the family. 

Cinque Ports

The Cinque Ports is a confederation of coastal towns in Kent and Sussex. It was originally formed for military and trade purposes, but is now ceremonial. A Royal Charter of 1155 established the ports. The ports are at the eastern end of the English Channel, where the crossing to the continent is narrowest. In Norman French, the name means "five ports". They were:
However, Rye, originally a subsidiary of New Romney, changed to become one of the Cinque Ports, after New Romney was damaged by storms and silted up. Romney is now a mile from the sea, separated from it by Dungeness, which is a large pebble beach.
The Federation of Cinque Ports includes various other towns on the coast. These are called "limbs" of the Cinque Ports.

The Federation is supported by two towns, one of which is Rye, and the other (a few miles back from the coast) is Winchelsea. These towns once supported militias which could be used for defence of the area.

Common wheat

Common wheat ("Triticum aestivum"), also known as bread wheat, is a cultivated wheat species. About 95% of the wheat produced is common wheat.

Common wheat has been got by many generations of artificial selection by farmers choosing the most productive plants which occurred in their crops.

Bread wheat is an allohexaploid, instead of the original two sets (diploid). There are six sets of chromosomes, two sets from each of three different species. Free-threshing wheat is closely related to spelt wheat. As with spelt, genes from goatgrass ("Aegilops tauschii") give bread wheat greater cold hardiness than most wheats. It is cultivated throughout the world's temperate zones.

Of the six sets of chromosomes, two come from einkorn wheat and two from "Aegilops speltoides". This hybridisation created the species "Triticum turgidum", 580820 thousand years ago. The last two sets of chromosomes came from "Aegilops tauschii", 230–430 thousand years ago.

Ford Transit Connect

Ford Transit Connect is a compact van produced by Ford Motor Company from 2002 to the present day. It is currently in its second generation. It replaced the long-running Escort van. 

The first generation Transit Connect was launched in October 2002 to replace the long-running Escort van. 

In 2006, it was mildly updated with the logo moved to the bumper. 

In 2009, the model was facelifted. It had a new front bumper, new grille and new rear lights. At the same time, it launched in North American markets for the 2010 Model Year. 

The second generation Transit Connect was launched in September 2013. 

In 2018, the model was improved. It had a new front bumper, new grille and new rear lights.

Buddy DeFranco

Boniface Ferdinand Leonard "Buddy" DeFranco (February 17, 1923 – December 24, 2014) was an American jazz clarinet player. He was known for performing with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.

DeFranco died in Panama City, Florida at the age of 91.


N. L. Balakrishnan

Narayanan Lakshmi Balakrishnan (born Velayudhan) (17 April 1943 – 25 December 2014), commonly known as N. L. Balakrishnan, was an Indian movie still photographer and actor. He starred in over 70 movies. He was known for his work in "Kerala Kaumudi".

Balakrishnan died from cancer in a hospital in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India, aged 71.


Stanisław Barańczak

Stanisław Barańczak (November 13, 1946, Poznań, Poland – December 26, 2014, Boston, USA) was a Polish poet, literary critic, scholar, editor, translator and lecturer. 

He was most famous and valued for Polish translations of William Shakespeare dramas as well as numerous translations of English poetry by ee cummings, Elizabeth Bishop, Emily Dickinson, Wystan Hugh Auden, Seamus Heaney, Thomas Hardy, Gerard Manley Hopkins, Thomas Stearns Eliot, John Keats, Robert Frost, Edward Lear and others.

Barańczak died in Boston, Massachusetts, aged 58.

Polish Literature in English Translation: Stanisław Barańczak 

Going Back (album)

Going Back is the eighth and final studio album by English singer-songwriter Phil Collins. It was released on 14 September 2010 in the United Kingdom. It was released on 28 September 2010 in the United States. It features covers of '60s Motown & soul standards. It also was his first full solo release in eight years. Collins was primarily concentrated on soundtracks, compilations, and his extensive touring as a solo artist and with Genesis.

iTunes has a digital download deluxe version in the "iTunes LP" HD format which contains 26 (of the 29) audio songs plus the music video for "(Love Is Like a) Heatwave". The "iTunes LP" HD format contains complete song lyrics and a digital photo gallery.

Ultimate edition

In addition to the expanded 25-track CD, the DVD contains four bonus tracks making it the complete "Going Back" session recordings. All 29 tracks can be transferred to a PC as either WAV or mp3 (320kbit/s) files.

DVD bonus tracks

All 29 tracks can be played with a different replica 7" vinyl record sleeve presented for each track.

DVD video materials

A retailer-exclusive version of "Going Back" was offered at Best Buy in the U.S. This included an additional DVD containing a 30-minute interview with Collins. The DVD was packaged with the CD in a 2-disc jewel case, and was the only version of the album with a bonus disc sold at U.S. retail stores.

Collins recorded two of the extra tracks found on the "Ultimate Edition" DVD. "Tears of a Clown" was recorded as a B-side in 2002. In addition, he recorded "Too Busy Thinking About My Baby" as a duet with The Manhattan Transfer on their 1995 album "Tonin'". Both tracks were newly recorded for "Going Back".

The album was reissued as "The Essential Going Back" on 10 June 2016 with fewer tracks than the original release, but with the addition of "Too Many Fish in the Sea," and a bonus disc with live recordings. Just the first disc was included in the "Take a Look at Me Now" 8 album box set of the 2016 editions of Collins' solo albums

Kirti Nidhi Bista

Kirdi Nidhi Bista () (15 January 1927 – 11 November 2017) was a Nepalese politician. He was born in Thamel, Kathmandu, Nepal in 1927. He served as prime minister of Nepal from 1969 to 1970, 1971 to 1973 and 1977 to 1979. Bista died on 11 November 2017 of prostate cancer in Gyaneshwar, Kathmandu, Nepal at the age of 90.

Surya Bahadur Thapa

Surya Bahadur Thapa ( March 21, 1928 – April 15, 2015) was a Nepalese politician. He has served as the Prime Minister of Nepal for five terms, under three different kings, in a political career lasting more than 50 years. His terms were 1963-64, 1965–69, 1979–83, 1997–98 and 2003-04.
Surya Bahadur Thapa had been the first Prime Minister of the Panchayat System.

Thapa died at the age of 87 in a hospital in Delhi, India from respiratory failure after undergoing surgery.

Tulsi Giri

Tulsi Giri ( 26 September 1926 – 18 December 2018) was the Prime Minister of Nepal from 1975 to 1977, and chairman of the Council of Ministers (a "de facto" Prime Ministerial position) between 1960 and 1963, and again in 1964 and 1965. He was born in Siraha District, Nepal in 1926.

Giri died on 18 December 2018 from liver cancer in Budhanilkantha, Kathmandu, Nepal, aged 92.

World Gone Crazy

World Gone Crazy is the 13th studio album by the American rock band The Doobie Brothers. The album was released on September 28, 2010. "World Gone Crazy" debuted at number 39 on the Billboard top 200 albums chart. It was the group's first studio album of new material in 30 years. They worked with the producer of their first 10 albums, Ted Templeman.

Fly from Here

Fly from Here is the 20th studio album by Yes. The album was released on July 4, 2011. It peaked at number 30 on the UK Albums Chart. It peaked at number 36 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart. "Fly from Here" is Yes' first studio album since the release of "Magnification" (2001).

Mudavadekh

Mudavadekh is a village in Khanpur Taluka of Mahisagar District, Gujarat, India. People of various castes of the Hindu religion live there. Most of the people are from Patel and Brahmin castes. The village has a school for 1 to 12. A branch of Baroda Gujarat Gramin Bank is also there. The postal index number or PIN code for the village is 389230. The Head Post office is Lunawada. The main source of income for people is farming.

Regent's University London

Regent's University London is a private, not-for-profit university in London. It is one of six private teaching institutions in the United Kingdom which can award degrees.

It offers dual American and British programmes. It is the second oldest but largest private university in the country. The university has 15% of applicants from the UK, 10% from the United States and the rest from all over the world. Fees are about £14,000 a year for undergraduate courses.

Regent's University London has its campus in Regent's Park, central London. It was built on the site of South Villa, one of the original eight Regent's Park villas. Regent's occupies buildings left by the former Bedford College of the University of London. Bedford College merged with Royal Holloway College, and moved out of London into Surrey.

Regent's has a second campus in Marylebone, called Regent's Marylebone. There it runs the Regents School of Fashion and Design, a range of qualifications in fashion design, marketing, interior design and visual communication.

Brenden Dillon

Brenden Dillon (born November 13, 1990) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Dallas Stars and San Jose Sharks.

Before playing in the NHL, Dillon played one season with the Hope Icebreakers of the Pacific Junior Hockey League (PJHL) and four seasons with the Seattle Thunderbirds of the Western Hockey League (WHL).

Dillon would go undrafted but was signed to a three-year entry-level contract with the Dallas Stars on March 1, 2011. On February 1, 2013, Dillon was able to score his first NHL goal and his first career Gordie Howe hat trick in a 4–3 shootout win against the Phoenix Coyotes.

On November 21, 2014, the Stars traded Dillon to the San Jose Sharks in exchange for Jason Demers and a 2016 third-round pick.


Index Librorum Prohibitorum

The Index Librorum Prohibitorum () was "The Index", a list of books banned by the Catholic Church. They were banned if the Church thought they were heretical, anti-clerical (anti-church) or lascivious (obscene). It was censorship by the Catholic Church.

Early versions of the Index were published in Catholic Netherlands (1529); Venice (1543) and Paris (1551). By mid-century, with wars of religion in France and Germany, authorities thought control of the press could prevent the spread of heresy. This could be done by using a catalog of prohibited works, backed by ecclesiastic and civil authorities.

The first version published in Rome (the "Pauline Index") was issued by Pope Paul IV in 1559. From 1571 to 1917 the Sacred Congregation of the Index was in charge of updating the list. The 20th and final edition appeared in 1948, and the "Index" was formally abolished on 14 June 1966 by Pope Paul VI.

The aim of the list was to protect the belief and morals of the faithful. This was done by preventing them from reading heretical and immoral books. Books thought to contain such errors included works by astronomers such as Johannes Kepler's "Epitome astronomiae Copernicanae", which was on the Index from 1621 to 1835, and by philosophers, like Immanuel Kant's "Critique of Pure Reason". The various editions of the "Index" also had the rules of the Church about the reading, selling and censorship of books. Even editions and translations of the Bible not been approved by the Church could be banned.

Enforcing the Index was the Inquisition. The burning at the stake of Giordano Bruno, whose entire works were placed on the Index on 8 February 1600, was (on the surface) for heresy, not for heliocentrism or other scientific views. However, those other views included a belief in 'other worlds', which was heresy.

Not until 1822 did the Church permit books to be printed which accepted the Earth's motion.

The developments since the abolition of the "Index" show "the loss of relevance of the Index in the 21st century". A complete list of the authors and writings present in the successive editions of the "Index" is given in J. Martínez de Bujanda, "Index Librorum Prohibitorum, 1600–1966". A list of the books that were on the "Index" can be found on the World Wide Web.

The Addiction

The Addiction is a 1995 American horror movie. It was directed by Abel Ferrara and was produced by Preston L. Holmes, Russell Simmons, Denis Hann, and Fernando Sulichin. "The Addiction" was released on October 6, 1995.

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 73% "Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes.


Medazzaland

Medazzaland is the eighth studio album by Duran Duran. The album was released on October 14, 1997. It was first studio album of new material in 4 years. It was eighth and final studio album on label Capitol Records.

Akina Nakamori

Within two years of her debut, she set herself apart from all the singers of her generation by singing provocative songs with the release of each new single. 

Her hair style and dress sense was very much copied by teenagers in the 1980s. Music wise, her recording company moulded her to be a successor after the mature and sophisticated Momoe Yamaguchi, a singer who retired at age 21 for marriage. Her songs were always of heartbreaks, or rebellion, never to stray far from the 'mold'.







Oh Kyo-moon

Oh Kyo-Moon (born March 2, 1972) is an archer from South Korea.

He won a team silver medal and an individual bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Oh also was a member of Korea's gold medal men's archery team at the 2000 Summer Olympics. In the men's individual competition he finished sixth.

Oh was the world record holder for a single FITA with a score of 1379. That score was beaten by Oh Jin-Hyek at 2009 World Championship in Ulsan with 1386 points.


Hyun Hee

Hyun Hee (born October 4, 1976 in Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea) is a retired South Korean épée fencer.

At the 2002 FIE World Championships Hyun won the women's individual épée final match over Imke Duplitzer of Germany 15-11. She was the first Asian fencer to win a gold medal at the World Championships. In that year, Hyun was named South Korean Sportswoman of the Year.

Mimmi (book series)

The Mimmi series () is a children's books series written by Viveca Lärn (earlier Viveca Sundvall). The main character is Mimmi. She is a girl in late Kindergarten age and later in early primary school age. The books are told from the me-perspective. Many of them are written as diaries. The books were originally published between 1979 and 1996. 

Mimmi lives with her family in Kungälv. Her father Oskar is a postman while her mother Elin is a waitress at restaurant "Gyllene Svanen".

Two television series based on the books have been produced. The first was "En ettas dagbok" from 1985 and the second was "Mimmi" från 1988.

Eddie (book series)

The Eddie series () is a book series written by Viveca Lärn (earlier Viveca Sundvall) about Eddie. He is a boy in early primary school. The books were originally published between 1991 and 2001. They make up a spinoff series set in the Mimmi universe. The books are told from a third-person perspective. The main character Eddie is the brother of Mimmi's friend Anders. Eddie's father is an alcoholic when the stories begin.

In 1994, a telvision series based on the books and named "Håll huvudet kallt" was produced. It aired as Sveriges Television's Christmas calendar that year.

Norrahammar Church

Norrahammar Church () is a church building in Norrahammar in Sweden. It belongs to Norrahammar Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened in 1930. It was originally a chapel.

Järsnäs Church

Järsnäs Church () is a church building in Järsnäs in Sweden. It belongs to Lekeryd Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church has a tradition going back to the Middle Age. In 1905, the church was built again.

Öxnehaga Church

Öxnehaga Church () is a church building at Öxnehaga in Huskvarna in Sweden. It belongs to the Huskvarna Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated on 27 November 1976. That date was the Saturday before the First Advent Sunday that year.

Ekhagen Church

The Ekhagen Church () is a church building at Ekhagen in Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs ot the Kristina-Ljungarum of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated on 12 May 1996 by Bishop Anders Wejryd and replaced the former temporary church that stood in Ekhagen between 1968 and mid 1995.

Råslätt Church

Råslätt Church () is a church building at Råslätt in Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Kristina-Ljungarum of the Church of Sweden. The church is dated back to the 1970s. The architect was Per Rudenstam.

Trånghalla Church

Trånghalla Church () is a church building in Trånghalla in Sweden. It belongs to the Bankeryd Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened in 1969.

Trånghalla

Trånghalla is a village in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2005, 1,251 people lived there.

Busungarna

Busungarna was a Swedish pop group. It was active between the early-mid 1980s The group consisted of children. They scored a success in 1982 with the Christmas song "Tomten, jag vill ha en riktig jul".



Österängen Church

Österängen Church () is a church building at Österängen in Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Christina-Ljungarum Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated on First Advent Sunday 1961.

Brahe Church

Brahe Church () is a church building on the island of Visingsö in the lake of Vättern in Sweden. it belongs to the Visingsö Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was opened in 1636 as Wisingsborg Castle Church ().

Any Given Sunday

Any Given Sunday is a 1999 American drama movie. It was directed by Oliver Stone and was produced by Richard Donner, Oliver Stone, Dan Halsted, Lauren Shuler Donner, and Clayton Townsend. "Any Given Sunday" was released on November 10, 1999. The movie is based on the Pat Toomay novel, "On Any Given Sunday".

The movie gained mixed reviews from critics and holds a 50% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.


The film was shot in Miami, Florida and Irving, Texas in December 14, 1998 to March 6, 1999.

Landsjö Church

Landsjö Church () is a church building in Kaxholmen in Sweden. It belongs to the Skärstad-Ölmstad Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was inaugurated in 1984.


Kaxholmen

Kaxholmen is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County, Sweden. In 2010, 1,458 people lived there. Kaxholmen is near lake Landsjön. The lake is well known for its bird habitats.

Bethel, Connecticut

Bethel () is a town in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States, about sixty miles from New York City. Its population was 20,156 at the 2020 census.


Robert Guillaume

Robert Guillaume (born Robert Peter Williams; November 30, 1927 – October 24, 2017) was an American actor. He is known for his role as Benson on the TV-series "Soap" and the spin-off "Benson", voicing the mandrill Rafiki in "The Lion King" and as Isaac Jaffe on "Sports Night".

Guillaume died on October 24, 2017 at his home in Los Angeles, California from prostate cancer at the age of 89.


João Nílson Zunino

João Nílson Zunino commonly known as Zunino (9 April 1946 – 23 December 2014) was a Brazilian businessman and cardiologist. He served as the president of Avaí Futebol Clube from 2002 until 2013, succeeding Flávio Ricardo Félix. He was also a cardiology doctor and a businessman. He was born in São João Batista, Brazil.

Zunino died on 23 December 2014 in Florianópolis, Brazil, aged 68.

Saint John's Church, Habo

Saint John's Church () is a church building in Habo in Sweden. It belongs to the Habo Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was inaugurated on 12 September 1993.

Rugby railway station

Rugby railway station is an interchange station in the town of Rugby in Warwickshire. The station is on the West Coast Main Line and is a major interchange for services towards the West Midlands, the North West and London. London Midland provide services between Euston/Northampton-Rugby/Coventry/Birmingham and Euston-Crewe/Stafford/Stoke-on-Trent. Virgin Trains provide services between Euston-West Midlands/North West.

Fiskebäck Chapel

Fiskebäck Chapel () is a chapel in Fiskebäck in Sweden. It belongs to the Habo Parish of the Church of Sweden. The chapel was opened on 2 December 1939.

Jacques Chancel

Jacques Chancel, (Joseph André Jacques Régis Crampes; 2 July 1928 – 23 December 2014) was a French journalist and writer. He was known for being the radio host of "Radioscope" and "Le Grand Échiquier" for 22 years. Chancel was born in Ayzac-Ost, France.

Chancel died at his home in Paris from cancer, aged 86.

Roberto Delmastro

Roberto Delmastro Naso (17 October 1945 – 26 December 2014) was a Chilean politician and engineer. Delmastro was born in Santiago, Chile. He served in the Chamber of Deputies of Chile representing the 53rd district from March 1998 through March 2014.

Delmastro died from lung cancer at his home in Valdivia, Chile, aged 69.

Skärstad Church

Skärstad Church () is a church building in Skärstad in Sweden. It belongs to the Skärstad-Ölmstad Parish of the Church of Sweden and was built in the early 19th century. It replaced a demolished 15th century church.

The first church service inside was held on 17 October 1819. The church was officially inaugurated on 27 May 1827 by Bishop Esaias Tegnér.

Skärstad

Skärstad is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County, Sweden. In 2010, 341 people lived there.

David Ryall

David John Ryall (5 January 1935 – 25 December 2014) was an English character actor. He appeared on British television beginning in the 1970s. Ryall was born in Shoreham-by-Sea, Sussex, England.

He was known for his roles in "Lytton's Diary" and "Goodnight Sweetheart", as well as memorable roles in Dennis Potter's "The Singing Detective" and Andrew Davies's adaptation of "To Play the King" and "The Final Cut", the final two parts in the "House of Cards" trilogy. He also played Grandad in BBC sitcom "Outnumbered".

In recent years, he played the role of Elphias Doge in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1".

Ryall died in London, England, aged 79.

Tomaž Šalamun

Tomaž Šalamun (July 4, 1941 – December 27, 2014) was a Slovenian poet. He was a leading name of postwar neo-avant-garde poetry in Central Europe and internationally acclaimed absurdist.

Šalamun died on 27 December 2014 in Ljubljana, Slovenia, aged 73.

Vahan Hovhannisyan

Vahan Hovhannisyan (; August 16, 1956 – December 28, 2014) was an Armenian politician of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF). He was Vice-President of the National Assembly of Armenia from 2007 to 2008 and was a candidate in the February 2008 presidential election.

Leopoldo Federico

Leopoldo Federico (12 January 1927 – 28 December 2014) was an Argentine bandoneon player, arranger, music director and composer. He was born in Buenos Aires. In 1955 he joined Astor Piazzolla's Octeto Buenos Aires and later that year, with his own orquesta típica, he made many recordings with the singer Julio Sosa. 

Federico died on 28 December 2014 in Buenos Aires. He was 87.


Karel Poma

Karel Emiel Hubert, Baron Poma (14 March 1920 – 27 December 2014) was a Belgian liberal and politician. He served as a minister of state. Poma later served as Mayor of Wilrijk from 1953 to 1958. He later served in the Belgian Federal Parliament from 1965 through 1985. He was born in Antwerp, Belgium.

Poma died at the age of 94 in Wilrijk, Antwerp, Belgium.


Nykyrka Church

Nykyrka Church () is a church building in the outer parts of western Mullsjö in Sweden. It belongs to the Mullsjö-Sandhem Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened in October 1887. It then replaced a 1656 church.

Utvängstorp Church

Utvängstorp Church () is a church building in Mullsjö Municipality in Sweden. It is located circa two Scandinavian miles south of Tidaholm and two Scandinavian miles north of Mullsjö. It belongs to the Mullsjö-Sandhem Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church is dated back to the later 12th century.

Bjurbäck Church

Bjurbäck Church () is a church building in Mullsjö Municipality in Sweden. It is located on the northeastern shorelines of the Lake Näs. It belongs to the Mullsjö-Sandhem Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was inaugurated on 23 July 1899. It then replaced a 1732 church.

The Three Investigators

The Three Investigators is an American juvenile detective book series. It was first published as ""Alfred Hitchcock and the Three Investigators"" . It was created by Robert Arthur, Jr.. He modeled his series after the popular The Hardy Boys books. The characters known as the "three investigators" are three boys named Jupiter Jones, Peter Crenshaw and Bob Andrews. The original series of 43 books was published from 1964 to 1987 by Random House.

Electrolysis of water

Electrolysis of water is the decomposition of water into oxygen and hydrogen gas. This technique can be used to produce breathable oxygen or hydrogen gas as a fuel source, referred to as hydrogen fuel. However, that method is more expensive than the industrial way to produce hydrogen fuel from natural gas.

This is what is referred to as a non-spontaneous reaction which requires impetus.

At the cathode, reduction (in this case, the gain of electrons) occurs. At the anode, oxidation (in this case, the loss of electrons) occurs. Normally, the reaction is balanced with either an acid or a base as shown in the equations below.

That two reactions are half reactions. They are balanced with an acid. Commonly hydrochloric acid or sulfuric acid is used. However, the half reactions can also be balanced with a base, for example with sodium hydroxide.

Combining one pair of half reactions leads to an overall reaction, which is then the decomposition of water into oxygen and hydrogen.

Bringing Down the House

Bringing Down the House is a 2003 romantic comedy movie. The movie is about a working tax attorney who tries to turn his life around. Steve Martin plays Peter. Queen Latifah plays Charlene. Joan Plowright plays Virginia.

The movie received mixed to negative reviews from critics. It made quite a bit of money anyway.

Bottnaryd

Bottnaryd is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 713 people lived there.

Lekeryd

Lekeryd is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 817 people lived there.

Odensjö

Odensjö is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,495 people lived there.

Öggestorp

Öggestorp is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 212 people lived there.

Ölmstad

Ölmstad is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 296 people lived there.

Örserum

Örserum is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 322 people were living there.

Taberg

Taberg is a locality in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,392 people lived there.

Case 39

Case 39 is a 2009 American-Canadian psychological horror movie. It was directed by Christian Alvart and was produced by Lisa Bruce, Steve Golin, Alix Madigan, and Kevin Misher. "Case 39" was released on August 13, 2009 in the United Kingdom, as well as European and Latin American countries. The movie was originally supposed to be released in North America in August 2008 but it was delayed twice.

Emily Jenkins (Renée Zellweger) is a social worker living in Oregon, who is assigned to investigate the family of ten-year-old Lillith Sullivan (Jodelle Ferland), as her grades have declined and an emotional rift with her parents has emerged. Emily suspects that the parents have been mistreating Lillith. Emily's fears are confirmed when Lillith's parents try to kill her by gassing her in the oven at home. Emily saves Lillith with the help of Detective Mike Barron (Ian McShane). Lillith is originally sent to a children's home, but she begs Emily to look after her instead. With the agreement of the board, Emily is assigned to take care of Lillith until a suitable foster family comes along. In the meantime, Lillith's parents, Edward and Margaret Sullivan (Callum Keith Rennie and Kerry O'Malley) are placed in a mental institution.

Not too long after Lillith moves in, strange things begin to happen around Emily. Two weeks later, another of Emily's cases, a boy named Diego (Alexander Conti), suddenly murders his parents with a crowbar, and Barron informs Emily that somebody phoned Diego from her house the night before the crime. As she is suspected of involvement in the incident, Lillith undergoes a psychiatric evaluation by Emily's best friend, Douglas J. Ames (Bradley Cooper). During the session, however, Lillith turns the evaluation around, asking Douglas what his fears are and subtly threatening him. That night after receiving a strange phone call, Douglas is panicked by a mass of hornets coming out of his body in hysteria and kills himself in the bathroom.

Emily gradually becomes fearful of Lillith, so she heads to the mental asylum for answers from Lillith's parents. They tell her that, far from being truly human, Lillith is actually a Succubus-like demon who feeds on emotion, and that they had tried to kill her in an attempt to save themselves. Lillith's father tells Emily that the only way to kill Lillith is to get her to sleep. Shortly after Emily leaves the asylum, Lillith's mother hallucinates being on fire, and her father is stabbed in the eye after attacking a fellow inmate through whom the voice of Lillith spoke. Barron initially thinks Emily should seek psychiatric help, but is later convinced when he receives a strange phone call in his home from Lillith. He arms himself to help Emily. However, he fatally shoots himself in the head with his shotgun, as Lilith makes him imagine he is being attacked by dogs.

After realizing that her closest colleagues have been eliminated, and that the rest of her cases will be next, Emily serves Lillith tea spiked with sedative. While Lillith is asleep, Emily sets fire to her house, hoping to get rid of her. However, the girl apparently escapes unharmed. A police officer offers to escort Emily and Lillith to a temporary place to sleep. As Emily is following the police cars, she suddenly takes a different route and drives her car at a high speed, hoping to bring fear to Lillith. Instead, Lillith forces Emily to relive her childhood memory of her mother driving fast in a rainstorm. Emily fights through the memory, telling herself that it is not real. The image fades, and Lillith appears scared by the fact that Emily was able to fight through their illusions.

Emily drives the car off a pier. As the car sinks, Emily struggles to lock Lillith (now in her demonic true form) in the trunk. Emily then attempts to swim to the surface. The demon grabs Emily's hand to stop her from swimming away but Emily struggle and eventually breaks free, as a trapped Lillith sinks to the bottom. Emily climbs out of the water and sits on the pier.


Tunnerstad

Tunnerstad is a locality on the island of Visingsö in the Lake of Vättern in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2017, 310 people lived there.

Memphis Belle

Memphis Belle is a 1990 war movie. It is about an aircraft named "Memphis Belle" and its crew. Matthew Modine plays Captain Dennis Dearborn. Billy Zane plays Val. John Lithgow plays Bruce.

The movie was released in October 1990. It got mixed reviews from critics.

Bob Rivers

Bob Rivers (born July 7, 1956) is an American radio actor and personality. He spent almost six years working at WAAF in Worcester, Massachusetts. He has also hosted at other radio stations in Seattle and in Baltimore.

One of the first parodies Rivers produced was "Breakin' Up is Hard on You". That was about the Bell System Breakup. His 1987 album "Twisted Christmas" had the song "Twelve Pains of Christmas". He later had other Christmas parody albums.

Rivers was born in Branford, Connecticut.

MS Norman Atlantic

MS "Norman Atlantic" is a ferry. It transports both people and vehicles. It was built in 2009. It can take 850 passengers and 200 vehicles. Its original names were "Akeman Street" and "Scintu". It was renamed "Norman Atlantic" in January 2014.

On 28 December 2014, "Norman Atlantic" caught fire in the Strait of Otranto, in the Adriatic Sea. Eight people were killed and 432 were rescued.

Latrell Sprewell

Latrell Sprewell is a retired American professional basketball player. His nickname was "Spree".

He was selected 24th overall in the 1992 NBA draft by the Golden State Warriors. He started 69 of the 77 games in his rookie season and averaged 15.4 points per game.

During his time as a professional, Sprewell was named to the yearly NBA All-Star game four times. He also helped the New York Knicks reach the NBA Finals and the Minnesota Timberwolves to the Western Conference finals.

Despite the accomplishments, his career was overshadowed in 1997 because he choked coach P. J. Carlesimo during a practice. Sprewell's career came to an unexpected end in 2005 when he refused a $21-million three-year contract offer from the Timberwolves.

Rapture (disambiguation)

Rapture is a future event in Christian theology.

"Rapture" might also mean:


Holm Park

Holm Park is a football ground in Armagh, Northern Ireland. It is the home of Armagh City F.C..

Floby

Floby is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,499 people lived there.

Övre Soppero

Övre Soppero is a locality in Kiruna Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 201 people lived there.

Jonsered

Jonsered is a locality in Partille Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 930 people lived there.

Tärnaby

Tärnaby is an urban area of Sweden - a locality - in Storuman Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 482 people lived there.


Ullånger

Ullånger is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 626 people lived there.

Bible for children

Children's Bibles, or Bibles for children, are often collections of Bible stories rather than actual translations of the Bible aimed at children.

The earliest Bible for children printed in America was "The Children's Bible" (Philadelphia, 1763). "The Bible Story" (1953–57) is a ten-volume series of hardcover children's story books written by Arthur Maxwell. It is based on the King James and Revised Standard versions of the Christian Bible. "The Children's Bible Story Book" (1991) is a children's version of the Bible by Anne de Graaf. It is distributed to British primary schools by the charity Bibles for Children (founded 1997).

Actual Bible versions include the New Century Version, a simplified English revision of the International Children's Bible.

Lillhärdal

Lillhärdal is a locality in Härjedalen Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 335 people lived there.

Hede

Hede is a locality in Härjedalen Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 741 people lived there.

Tärendö

Tärendö is a small locality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2000, 208 people lived there. It is located next to the Kalix River and the bifurcation Tärendö River.

Järna, Vansbro Municipality

Järna is a locality in Vansbro Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,413 people lived there. Sometimes, it's called Dala-Järna to distinguish it from Järna in Södertälje Municipality.

Klintehamn

Klintehamn is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,363 people lived there.

Fårösund

Fårösund is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 816 people lived there. The village is located on the minor island of Fårö. People can travel by ferry between Visby and Fårösund.

Brunflo

Brunflo is a locality in Östersund Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,890 people lived there. The locality is located circa 15 kilometers southeast from Östersund.

Ope

Ope is a locality in Östersund Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 453 people lived there.

Lit

Lit is a locality in Östersund Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,040 people lived there.

Åsarna

Åsarna, older spelling: Åsarne, is a locality in Berg Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 268 people lived there.

Länghem

Länghem is a locality in Tranemo Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 989 people lived there.

Alfta

Alfta is a locality in Ovanåker Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,155 people lived there.

Fårö

Fårö is a Swedish minor island in the Baltic Sea. It is located north off Swedish Baltic Sea island of Gotland. The island is the second-largest island in the Swedish historical province of Gotland. The island has a population of fewer than 600 inhabitants. It has become a popular summer resort. From the island, a dialect of Modern Gutnish originates. It is, claimed to be the "oldest" language in Sweden.

Gotska Sandön

Gotska Sandön is a Swedish island in the Baltic Sea. It is located cirka 38 kilometres north of Fårö. The island is approximately 9 kilometres long and 6 kilometres wide. Its area is approximately 36 km².

The island mostly Gotska consists of sand. Its nature is dominated by beaches, dunes, and pine forests. In 1909, the island became one of the National parks of Sweden. In the summertime,regular boat tours are moving between the island and Fårö as well as nd Nynäshamn.

Que te perdone Dios

Que te perdone Dios Also known as Que te perdone Dios... Yo no is a Mexican telenovela produced by Angelli Nesma Medina for Televisa. It is the remake of the telenovela "Abrázame muy fuerte" produced in 2000. The production of the telenovela began on November 15, 2014.

Zuria Vega, Mark Tacher and Rebecca Jones star as the protagonists, while Sergio Goyri, Sabine Moussier and Altaír Jarabo star as the antagonists. With the special participation of María Sorté and René Strickler.

As of February 16, 2015, Canal de las Estrellas is broadcasting "Que te perdone Dios" weeknights at 6:15pm, replacing "Yo no creo en los hombres".

Convenience store

A convenience store is a small store that stocks a range of everyday items. These include groceries, snack foods, candy, toiletries, soft drinks, tobacco products, and newspapers. They may also offer money order and wire transfer services. In some places, corner stores are licensed to sell alcohol, typically beer and wine. 

They differ from general stores and village shops in that they are not usually in rural areas. A convenience store may be part of a gas/petrol station chain. It may be located alongside a busy road, in an urban area, or near a railway or railroad station or other transport hub. In some countries, convenience stores have long shopping hours, some being open 24 hours.

Convenience stores usually charge higher prices than conventional grocery stores or supermarkets. But convenience stores have gained market share. This shows consumers are willing to pay more for convenience. Convenience stores order smaller quantities of inventory at higher per-unit prices from wholesalers. However convenience stores make up for this with the convenience by having longer opening hours, serving more locations, and having shorter checkout lines.

Penguins of Madagascar

Penguins of Madagascar is a 2014 American 3D computer-animated spy action comedy movie by DreamWorks Animation. It's based on the animated series of the same name, serving as a prequel to the show and as a spin-off of the "Madagascar" franchise. Tom McGrath reprises his role of Skipper from both the show and the movies while Chris Miller and Christopher Knights reprises their roles of Kovalski and Private from the movies with Conrad Vernon replacing John DiMaggio as Rico. John Malkovich and Benedict Cumberbatch join them voicing new characters.
It was released by 20th Century Fox on November 26, 2014. It was re-released by Universal Studios.

A video game titled "Penguins of Madagascar", it has been to be released for Wii, Wii U, and Nintendo 3DS.

Slugterra

SlugTerra is a Canadian computer animation television series by Nerd Corps Entertainment. The show first aired in 2012. There were 39 episodes in 2 seasons. The plan also called for three Slugterra movies. The second movie was release on August 2, 2014. 
The show airs on Disney XD in Canada and Disney XD Worldwide. The series was released on DVD in Canada by Entertainment Eone. It was released in the United States by Shout! Factory.

Eli Shane has made the trip down to Slugterra now he must battle Dr. Blakk before he ghouls evrey slug and turns them in to ghouls but no alone with Trixie, Kord and Pronto.


Frankie Randall (singer)

Frankie Randall (born Franklin Joseph "Frank" Lisbona; January 11, 1938 – December 28, 2014) was an American singer, dancer, songwriter, vocalist, actor, and comedian. He was known for appearing on "The Dean Martin Summer Show" and "Day of the Wolves".

Randall died of lung cancer in Palm Springs, California, aged 76.

Deaths in 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in 2015. For notable deaths for each month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.


Deaths in January 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in January 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Odd Iversen

Odd "Ivers" Iversen (6 November 1945 – 29 December 2014) was a Norwegian footballer. He was known for his former record of 158 goals in Norwegian top tier football, as well as his still-standing record of 30 goals in a single season.

Iversen died in Trondheim in the early hours of 29 December 2014 from an unknown illness, aged 69.

He was the father of Steffen Iversen.

Hardo Aasmäe

Hardo Aasmäe (February 11, 1951 – December 29, 2014) was an Estonian geographer, entrepreneur, and politician. He was active in the Estonian People's Front. He was the first post-Soviet mayor of Tallinn, from 1990 to 1992.

Aasmäe died in Tallinn, Estonia, aged 63.

Antonio Brack Egg

Antonio José Brack Egg (3 June 1940 – 30 December 2014), was a Peruvian agronomist engineer, an ecologist, and researcher. He was the first Peruvian Minister of the Environment. 

Egg died after a brief hospitalization in Lima, Peru, aged 74.

P. J. Byrne

Paul Jeffrey "P. J." Byrne (born December 15, 1974) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in movies, such as "Horrible Bosses", "Final Destination 5", "The Campaign", "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "Rampage". He is known for the television roles, such as his role in "The Game" and "Intelligence".


Cyd Charisse

Cyd Charisse (March 8, 1922 – June 17, 2008) was an American actress and dancer. She was known for her roles in "Singin' in the Rain" (1952), "The Band Wagon" (1953) and "Silk Stockings" (1957). Charisse was born in Amarillo, Texas. She was married to Tony Martin.

Charisse died in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack, aged 87.

Windows 10

Windows 10 is a computer operating system by Microsoft. It is part of the Microsoft Windows group of operating systems. It was called Threshold when it was being developed (made/coded). Windows 10 was announced at a press event on 30 September 2014. It was released for personal computers on 29 July 2015. It is a free update for Windows 8 that can be found in the Windows Store until version 1709.

Windows 10 is designed to provide the same look for different systems. These include desktop, laptop, and other systems. 

Unlike earlier versions of Windows, Windows 10 was regularly updated with new features based on user feedback, starting before it was first released. Each release has a four-digit build number. The first two digits (2 numbers) refer to the year of release, and the other two digits refer to the month of release (e.g. "1903" refers to a build released in March 2019).

Windows 10, is by now, the most popular Windows version, at 71.1%. Older versions of Windows 10 (any version before 22H2) are officially discontinued and do not get updated, and Windows 11 is 2nd most popular.









Windows 10 has many versions for different uses, that have different features.


Windows 10 was originally released following Microsoft's fixed lifecycle policy, receiving mainstream support for five years after its original release, followed by five years of extended support. However, starting in February 2018 this was switched to the modern lifecycle policy (excluding LTSC), with each build receiving 18 or 30 (only for H2 versions) months of support after release, depending on edition. Furthermore, Home edition does not support the deferral of feature updates and will thus often receive a new version of Windows 10 prior to the end of the 18-month support period. 

Microsoft's support lifecycle policy for the operating system notes that updates "are cumulative, with each update built upon all of the updates that preceded it", that "a device needs to install the latest update to remain supported", and that a device's ability to receive future updates will depend on hardware compatibility, driver availability, and whether the device is within the OEM's "support period"‍a new aspect not accounted for in lifecycle policies for previous versions. This policy was first invoked in 2017 to block Intel Clover Trail devices from receiving the Creators Update, as Microsoft asserts that future updates "require additional hardware support to provide the best possible experience", and that Intel no longer provided support or drivers for the platform. Microsoft stated that these devices would no longer receive feature updates, but would still receive security updates through January 2023. 

Microsoft will continue to support at least one standard Windows 10 release until October 14, 2025. On April 27, 2023, Microsoft announced that version 22H2 would be the last of Windows 10, meaning this version will extend beyond the normal 18/30 months of support. While the company aimed to discontinue support for Windows 10 by October 2025, it announced an Extended Security Update (ESU) service in December 2023 for Windows 10 devices, until October 2028, for a yet to be announced annual pricing plan. Furthermore, unlike previous Windows ESU services, Windows 10 ESU will be available to individual consumers as well.

Windows RT

Windows RT is a mobile operating system developed by Microsoft. It is a version of Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 built for the 32-bit ARM architecture (ARMv7). First unveiled in January 2011 at Consumer Electronics Show, the Windows RT operating system was officially launched 
on August 26, 2012, with the release of three Windows RT-based devices, including Microsoft's original Surface tablet. Unlike Windows 8, Windows RT is only available as preloaded software on devices specifically designed for the operating system by original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). Normal apps such as Google Chrome can't be downloaded on Windows RT through any web browser, the only way to get apps on Windows RT is by using the Windows Store, which is an app store for Microsoft Windows, starting from Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 and is also compatible with some version of Windows Server operating systems, such as Windows Server 2012 and Windows Server 2012 R2.

Mainstream support ended on January 9, 2018. In 2021 Microsoft said it’ll stop providing security updates and support for Windows RT after January 10, 2023 (EOL date).

Multinational corporation

Multinational corporations (MNC) or multinational enterprises (MNE) are organizations which own or control production of goods or services in countries other than the home country. They include large corporations which produce or sell goods or services in various countries. They may be referred as 'international' or 'transnational' or 'stateless' corporations.

MNCs play an important role in globalization. Arguably, the first multinational business organization was the "Knights Templar" , founded in 1120. After that came the British East India Company in 1600 and the Dutch East India Company which started in1602 and would become the largest company in the world for nearly 200 years. These were made by national legislation to conduct international trade for their home countries.

The behavior of MNCs is much discussed.

Conflict of laws is about which legal system and which national jurisdiction applies to a given dispute.

The term comes from situations where here is disagreement as to where a dispute should be legally settled in court. The three branches of conflict of laws are:

Companies usually arrange their affairs to avoid or diminish taxation. This issue attracts much attention. Obviously, tax rates and tax regulations differ from country to country. If an organisation sets up subsidiaries in every country where it has significant business, few problems arise. The subsidiaries pay tax on whatever activities the company does in that place.

However, companies always try to minimise tax. Google uses various tax avoidance strategies. Out of the five largest American technology companies it pays the lowest taxes to countries where its revenue comes from. The company does this partly by licensing technology through subsidiaries in Ireland, Bermuda, the Bahamas, and the Netherlands. This reportedly sparked a 2012 French investigation into Google's "transfer pricing" methods.

Google Vice President Matt Britt in 2013 told the Public Accounts Committee of the UK House of Commons that his UK sales team made no sales, hence owed no sales tax to the UK.

A transnational corporation (TNC) differs from a traditional MNC in that it does not identify itself with one national home. While traditional MNCs are national companies with foreign subsidiaries, TNCs spread out their operations in many countries sustaining high levels of local responsiveness.<ref name="Case study: The Relationship between the Structure/Strategy of Multinational Corporations and Patterns of Knowledge Sharing within them"></ref> An example of a TNC is Nestlé who employ senior executives from many countries and try to make decisions from a global perspective rather than from one centralized headquarters. Another example of a Transnational Corporation is the Royal Dutch Shell corporation whose headquarters may be in The Hague, Netherlands but its registered office and main executive body where the decisions are made is headquartered in London, United Kingdom.

William Tyndale

William Tyndale (c. 1484–1536) was an English scholar. He is well known for his translation of the Bible into English and for his later prosecution and execution.

He was influenced by both Desiderius Erasmus, who made the Greek New Testament available in Europe, and Martin Luther. The spread of the Wycliffe Bible led to strong measures to keep translations in the hands of the Catholic Church. There was a death sentence for any unlicensed possession of English Bibles, but translations in all other major European languages were allowed.

Tyndale's translation was the first English Bible to draw directly from Hebrew and Greek texts and the first English one to take advantage of the printing press. That was seen as a direct challenge to the Roman Catholic Church. In 1530, Tyndale also wrote "The Practyse of Prelates" and opposed King Henry VIII's divorce on the grounds that it contravened Scripture.

A copy of Tyndale's earlier "The Obedience of a Christian Man" fell into the hands of Henry VIII, who found the reasons that he used to break the Church of England from the Roman Catholic Church in 1534. Meanwhile, the agents of Chancellor Thomas More were searching in Europe for Tyndale, who had taken refuge and hoped the Church would not get him.

Eventually, in 1535, Tyndale was arrested and jailed outside Brussels for over a year. More was executed on 6 July 1535, and Tyndale was convicted of heresy in 1536 and executed by garrotting, and his body was burnt at the stake. Tyndale's last words were "Lord, open the King of England's eyes."
Two years later, Henry VIII authorized the so-called Great Bible for the Church of England, which was largely Tyndale's own work. Hence, the Tyndale Bible, as it was known, played a key role in spreading the Protestant Reformation.

In 1611, the 54 scholars who produced the King James Version drew significantly from Tyndale and from translations that descended from his. One estimate suggests the New Testament in the King James Version is 83% Tyndale's and the Old Testament 76%. In 2002, Tyndale was placed at number 26 in the BBC's poll of the 100 Greatest Britons.


Allier (river)

The Allier () is a river in central France, left tributary of the Loire River. It flows through several regions.

The Allier department is named after this river. In Ancient Rome, the river was named "Elaver".

The Allier river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Cuffy in the Cher department.

The source of the Allier is in the mountainous region of "Margeride", part of the Massif Central, on the mountain "Moure de la Gardille" in the Chasseradès municipality, Lozère department. The source is at an altitude of about .

The Allier flows, in general, to the north and passes through the following regions, departments and "communes":


Finally, it flows, as a left tributary into the Loire river at the "bec d'Allier" ("beak of the Allier"), near the city of Nevers, in the limits between the Cher and Nièvre departments in the towns of Marzy, Cuffy and Gimouille, at of altitude.

The main tributaries, with a length greater than , of the Allier are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Blockade runner

A blockade runner is usually a lighter-weight ship used for slipping past a naval blockade of a port or strait. This is not the same as ships used to challenge the blocking ships to break the blockade. Very often blockade running is done in order to bring food or arms to a blockaded city. In other cases the blockade runners would carry mail in an attempt to communicate with the outside world. Carrying trade goods from blockaded ports is another function.

Blockade runners are often the fastest ships available. They are usually lightly armed and armored. Their operations are quite risky since blockading fleets would not hesitate to fire on them. However, the potential profits (economically or militarily) from a successful blockade run are tremendous. Blockade-runners typically had excellent crews. Although similar to smugglers, blockade-runners are often operated by state's navies as part of the regular naval fleet. Notable users of blockade runners include the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War and Germany during both World War One and World War Two.



The Iceman (movie)

The Iceman is a 2013 American crime drama thriller movie directed by Ariel Vernon. It is about the killing spree of contract killer Richard Kuklinski and mob boss Roy DeMeo.

It stars Michael Shannon, Winona Ryder, Ray Liotta, Chris Evans, James Franco, and David Schwimmer. It is set during the 1960s and 1970s in New York City and New Jersey.

It was released to mostly positive reviews on a limited release on May 3, 2013.

Per-Ingvar Brånemark

Per-Ingvar Brånemark (May 3, 1929 – December 20, 2014) was a Swedish orthopedic surgeon and research professor. He was called the "father of modern dental implantology". The "Brånemark Osseointegration Center" (BOC), named after its founder, was founded in 1989 in Gothenburg, Sweden.

Brånemark died at the age of 85 in Gothenburg.


Herbert Harris

Herbert Eugene Harris, II (April 14, 1926 – December 24, 2014) was an American politician. He was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. His district included part of Fairfax County. He served as a representative from 1975 through 1981.

Harris died on December 24, 2014 at his house on Fairfax County, Virginia, aged 88.

Merrill Womach

Merrill Womach (February 7, 1927 – December 28, 2014) was an American undertaker, organist and gospel singer. He was known for founding National Music Service (now Global Distribution Network, Inc.), which provided recorded music to funeral homes across America, and for surviving a plane crash in Beaver Marsh, Oregon. It left him disfigured with third degree burns on his hands and his entire head.

Womach died in his sleep on December 28, 2014 in his birthplace Spokane, Washington.

Marian Jurczyk

Marian Jurczyk (16 October 1935 - 30 December 2014) was a Polish politician and Solidarity trade union activist. He served as Mayor of Szczecin from 1998 through 2000 and from 2002 through 2006. He was born in Karczewice, Second Polish Republic.

Jurczyk died in Szczecin, Poland, aged 79.

Walter Roque

Walter ""Cata"" Roque (8 May 1937 – 30 December 2014) was a Uruguayan-born Venezuelan footballer and entertainer. He played for the Uruguay national team. During his later career he coached the Venezuela national team. Roque was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.

Roque died in Caracas, Venezuela, aged 77.


Arthur Valerian Wellesley, 8th Duke of Wellington

Brigadier Arthur Valerian Wellesley, 8th Duke of Wellington (2 July 1915 – 31 December 2014), styled Marquess of Douro between 1943 and 1972, was a senior British peer and a brigadier in the British Army. His main residence was Stratfield Saye House in Hampshire.

He was educated at Eton College and New College, Oxford.

He was a member of the House of Lords from 1972 until 1999, losing his seat by the House of Lords Act.

The 8th Duke died at the age of 99 at his home in Stratfield Saye House, Hampshire, England.



Franc Veliu

Franc Veliu (born 11 November 1988 in Vlorë) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays mainly as a defender for Kosovan club Gjilani and the Albania national team.



Edward Herrmann

Edward Kirk Herrmann (July 21, 1943 – December 31, 2014) was an American actor of movies and television, television director, narrator, and screenwriter. He won a Tony Award in 1976 and an Emmy Award in 1999.

Herrman was born in Washington, D.C.. He was raised in Grosse Pointe, Michigan. He studied at Bucknell University and at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.

His career began in 1971. He was known for playing Franklin D. Roosevelt on several movies and television shows. He played President Roosevelt in "Annie". He was also known for his role as Richard Gilmore on the television series "Gilmore Girls". 

He also narrated several shows on PBS, Nova, and the History Channel. His last role before his death in 2014, was as a narrator for a television commercial in 2013 Martin Scorsese's "The Wolf of Wall Street". 

Hermann died on December 31, 2014 of brain cancer, at the age of 71 in New York City.


Menachem Begin

Menachem Begin (16 August 1913 – 9 March 1992) was an Israeli politician. Originally a Zionist activist in Eastern Europe, he later became Prime Minister of Israel. 
In 1941 he joined the Free Polish army. This is how he arrived in Mandatory Palestine in 1942.

In 1942, Begin joined the Irgun, a Zionist-Jewish paramilitary organisation, which was labelled as a terrorist organization in the 1940s. From 1943 to 1948 he was commander of the Irgun.

He was the founder of the Israeli political party Likud. He was the sixth Prime Minister of Israel.

Begin’s most significant acts as Prime Minister include officially declaring Jerusalem the capital of Israel, imposing Israeli law on the Golan Heights, destroying Saddam Hussein's nuclear reactor in Iraq, controversially leading Israel through the early stages of the 1982 Lebanon War, and most famously, signing the Egypt–Israel Peace Treaty. For that treaty, Begin and Anwar Sadat shared the Nobel Peace Prize.

Begin resigned as Prime Minister in October 1983. He died on 9 March 1992 after a heart attack. He was buried on the Mount of Olives.

Bill Woodson

William T. Woodson (July 16, 1917 – February 22, 2017) was an American voice actor. He was best known for his narration of the radio series "This is Your FBI" and the animated series "Super Friends" and all its spin-offs.

Bill Maynard

Walter Frederick George Williams (8 October 1928 – 30 March 2018), better known by the stage name Bill Maynard, was an English comedian and actor. He was born in Heath End, Surrey, England. He was known for his role as Claude Jeremiah Greengrass in the television series "Heartbeat".

Maynard died at a Leicestershire hospital of complications from a fall on 30 March 2018 at the age of 89.

Eddie Large

Eddie Large (25 June 1941 – 2 April 2020) was the stage name of Edward Hugh McGinnis, a British comedian. He was best known as a part of the double act Little and Large, with Syd Little. They starred in the very popular British comedy series "The Little and Large Show".

Large was born Edward Hugh McGinnis in Glasgow in 1941. His father Teddy served as a Petty Officer in the Royal Navy during World War II and after he returned from the war the family moved to a tenement in Oatlands. When he was nine years old the family moved again to Manchester, where he attended Claremont Road Primary School and a grammar school.

After being in hospital in March 2002 with kidney trouble, he underwent a heart transplant at Papworth Hospital, Cambridge in 2003. He recovered fully. Large was hospitalised for weeks in late 2013 after tripping over a road sign near his Portishead, Somerset home.

Large died on 2 April 2020 of COVID-19 at a hospital in Bristol at the age of 78.

Cliff Michelmore

Arthur Clifford "Cliff" Michelmore (11 December 1919 – 16 March 2016) was an English television presenter and producer. He was best known for the BBC television programme "Tonight", which he presented from 1957 to 1965.

Michelmore died on 16 March 2016 in a hospital in Hampshire, England at the age of 96.

Martin Crowe

Martin David Crowe (22 September 1962 – 3 March 2016) was a New Zealand cricketer, commentator and author. He was a Wisden Cricketer of the Year in 1985, and was thought as one of the "best young batsmen in the world". A right-handed batsman, Crowe represented New Zealand from the early 1980s until his retirement in 1996. His cousin is actor Russell Crowe.

In 2012, Crowe announced that he is suffering from lymphoma. In 2013, he said that the cancer has disappeared. In 2014 however, Crowe announced that the lymphoma had returned and said that his chances of survival beyond a year were less than 5% and also of his wish to see the 2015 Cricket World Cup in February and March 2015.

Crowe died from complications of lymphoma in Auckland, New Zealand on 3 March 2016 at the age of 53.


Ken Kercheval

Ken Kercheval (July 15, 1935 – April 21, 2019) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Cliff Barnes on the 1980s television series "Dallas" and its 2012 revival.

Kercheval died of pneumonia in Clinton, Indiana on April 21, 2019 at the age of 83.


Georges J. F. Köhler

Georges Jean Franz Köhler (17 April 1946 – 1 March 1995) was a German biologist. Köhler won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with César Milstein and Niels Kaj Jerne in 1984. He is known for his work on the immune system and the production of monoclonal antibodies.

Erwin Neher

Erwin Neher (; ; born 20 March 1944) is a German biophysicist. His works focused on cell physiology. In 1991, with Bert Sakmann, he won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for "their discoveries concerning the function of single ion channels in cells".

Bert Sakmann

Bert Sakmann (born 12 June 1942) is a German cell physiologist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Erwin Neher in 1991 for their work on "the function of single ion channels in cells loop," and the invention of the patch clamp. 

Sakmann was Professor at Heidelberg University and is an Emeritus Scientific Member of the Max Planck Institute for Medical Research in Heidelberg, Germany. He has also worked with research group at the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology.

Sakmann was born in Stuttgart.

Edmond H. Fischer

Edmond Henri Fischer (April 6, 1920 – August 27, 2021) was a Swiss-born American biochemist. He and his partner Edwin G. Krebs were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1992 for their works on phosphorylation works as a switch to activate proteins and regulate various cellular processes. From 2007 until 2014, he was the Honorary President of the World Cultural Council.

Fischer died on August 27, 2021 in Seattle, Washington at the age of 101.

Peter Mansfield

Sir Peter Mansfield FRS, (9 October 1933 – 8 February 2017) was an English physicist. He was awarded the 2003 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. He shared with Paul Lauterbur. He was known for his discoveries concerning Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI). Mansfield was a professor at the University of Nottingham.

Mansfield was born in Lambeth, London. He studied at Queen Mary College, London. Mansfield graduated with a BSc from Queen Mary's in 1959.

Mansfield died in Nottingham, England on 8 February 2017, aged 83.

Thomas C. Südhof

Thomas Christian Südhof (born December 22, 1955), is a German-American biochemist. He is known for his study of synaptic transmission.

Südhof, James Rothman and Randy Schekman won the 2013 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work on vesicle trafficking.

John O'Keefe

John O'Keefe, FRS FMedSci (born November 18, 1939) is an American-British neuroscientist. He is a professor at the Sainsbury Wellcome Centre for Neural Circuits and Behaviour and the Research Department of Cell and Developmental Biology at University College London. He is one of the most notable alumni of City College of New York.

O'Keefe is known for his discovery of place cells in the hippocampus. He discovered that they show a kind of coding for places. This is a positioning system, an “inner GPS” in the brain that makes it possible to orient ourselves in space.

In 2014, he received the Kavli Prize in Neuroscience "for the discovery of specialized brain networks for memory and cognition", together with Brenda Milner and Marcus Raichle. He shared the one-half of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2014 with May-Britt Moser and Edvard Moser, who shared the other half jointly.

O’Keefe and his student Jonathan Dostrovsky discovered place cells by systematically analyzing the environmental factors influencing the firing properties of individual hippocampal neurons.

His many publications on place cells have been highly cited. In addition, he published an influential book with Lynn Nadel, proposing the functional role of the hippocampus as a cognitive map for spatial memory function. In extensions of his work, place cells have been analyzed experimentally or simulated in models in hundreds of papers.

Wilfrid Laurier

Sir Henri Charles Wilfrid Laurier (20 November 1841 – 17 February 1919), known as Wilfrid Laurier (; ), was the seventh Prime Minister of Canada from 11 July 1896 to 6 October 1911.


Robert Borden

Sir Robert Laird Borden (June 26, 1854 – June 10, 1937) was a Canadian lawyer and politician. He served as the eighth Prime Minister of Canada from October 10, 1911, to July 10, 1920. He was the third Nova Scotian to hold this office.

After retiring from public life, he served as the chancellor of Queen's University. His portrait appears on Canadian $100 bills produced since 1976.


Arthur Meighen

Arthur Meighen (; 16 June 1874 – 5 August 1960) was a Canadian lawyer and politician who served as the ninth prime minister of Canada, in office from July 1920 to December 1921 and again from June to September 1926. 

William Lyon Mackenzie King

William Lyon Mackenzie King, PC, OM, CMG (December 17, 1874 – July 22, 1950), also commonly known as Mackenzie King, was the dominant Canadian political leader from the 1920s through the 1940s.

He served as the tenth Prime Minister of Canada from December 29, 1921 to June 28, 1926; from September 25, 1926 to August 7, 1930; and from October 23, 1935 to November 15, 1948. A Liberal with 22 years in office, he was the longest-serving Prime Minister in Canadian history.

King died on July 22, 1950, at Kingsmere from pneumonia, aged 75. He is buried in Mount Pleasant Cemetery, Toronto.


R. B. Bennett

Richard Bedford Bennett, 1st Viscount Bennett, (3 July 1870 – 26 June 1947), was a Canadian lawyer, businessman, and politician. He was the 11th prime minister of Canada from 1930 to 1935.

Louis St. Laurent

Louis Stephen St. Laurent ("Saint-Laurent" or "St-Laurent" in French, baptized Louis-Étienne St-Laurent; 1 February 1882 – 25 July 1973) was the 12th prime minister of Canada, from 15 November 1948 to 21 June 1957. 

John Diefenbaker

John George Diefenbaker (September 18, 1895 – August 16, 1979) was the 13th Prime Minister of Canada from June 21, 1957 to April 22, 1963.

Diefenbaker was known for his passing laws meant to reduce racial discrimination.

Pope Boniface VI

Pope Boniface VI (; 806 – April 896) was the bishop of Rome. He was Pope of the Papal States in April 896. He was from Rome.

His election came about as a result of riots soon after the death of Pope Formosus. After a pontificate of fifteen days, he is said by some to have died of the gout.

John IX, in 898, said that his election was null and void.

Pope Clement VI

Pope Clement VI (; 1291 – 6 December 1352), born Pierre Roger, was Pope of the Catholic Church from 7 May 1342 to his death in 1352. He was the fourth Avignon pope. 

Clement reigned during the Black Death (1348–1350), during which he said all who died of the plague would not go to hell.

Pope Formosus

Pope Formosus (896) was Pope of the Roman Catholic Church from 6 October 891 to his death. His reign as pope was troubled, marked by power struggles over the Patriarchate of Constantinople, the Kingdom of West Francia, and the Holy Roman Empire.

During his papacy, Formosus also had to side with the Saracens, who were attacking Lazio. On 4 April 896, Formosus died. He was replaced by Boniface VI, whose papacy lasted 15 days.

He sided with Arnulf of Carinthia against Lambert of Spoleto. He was accused of perjury and was put on trial. As a result, Formosus's remains were exhumed and put on trial in the Cadaver Synod. He was found guilty and his body was buried many times at a nearby river.

Pope Mark

Pope Mark () was the bishop of Rome from 18 January to his death on 7 October 336. His feast day is celebrated on 7 October.

Pope Stephen VI

Pope Stephen VI (; died August 897) was the bishop of Rome. He was Pope of the Papal States from 22 May 896 to his death. He is best known for fighting the Cadaver Synod, which ultimately led to his downfall and death.

Stephen VI was strangled to death by protesters.

Omar Karami

Omar Abdul Hamid Karami (‎; 7 September 1934 – 1 January 2015) was a Lebanese politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Lebanon twice: from 24 December 1990 to 13 May 1992 and from 26 October 2004 to 19 April 2005.

Karami was born in An Nouri, near Tripoli, French Mandate of Lebanon to a Muslim family. He studied at Cairo University in Cairo, Egypt. His son, Faisal, also became a politician.

Karami died after a long illness on 1 January 2015 in Beirut, aged 80.

Megan Connolly

Megan Jennifer Connolly (9 April 1974 – 6 September 2001) was an Australian actress. She was best known for her role as Rebecca Nash, replacing Belinda Emmett, in the television series "Home and Away". She also appeared in other television productions such as "Paradise Beach". In 1990, she starred in the movie "The Crossing" with Russell Crowe. She later became a television announcer.

Connolly was born in New South Wales and was of Irish ancestry.

Connolly died from a heroin overdose on 6 September 2001, aged 27.

Stitching awl

A stitching awl is a simple tool to punch holes in leather or other material. It can also be used to make holes larger. 

The awl is used for sewing leather or canvas. It has a thin, tapered metal shaft, coming to a sharp point, either straight or slightly bent. These shafts usually have an eye piercing at the pointed end. This helps to draw thread through holes for lock stitch sewing by hand. They are also called sewing awls.

Zbečník

Zbečník is a village in north-eastern Bohemia, Czech Republic. It is approximately from the border with Poland. It is long and is part of the town of Hronov. The oldest known written evidence of Zbečník dates to the 15th century. It mentions a fortress of Quicken on a hill above Zbečník.

Zbečník is along the main road through the Zbečník stream valley. It is next to the town of Hronov, to the east. The stream flows through the village and joins the river Metuje at Hronov. To the north of the village is a mountain called Maternice. It rises above sea level. On this mountain is a source of drinking water called Skalákova studánka. In the early 19th century there were attempts to mine coal on Maternice mountain. Because of the poor quality of the coal all mining was discontinued.

As Zbečník is in a valley. It experiences greater climatic extremes than nearby towns and villages. It is prone to colder winter temperatures, dropping to to and hottest summer days up to to .


Élisabeth of France

Élisabeth of France, "Daughter of France" ("Élisabeth Philippine Marie Hélène";, 3 May 1764 – 10 May 1794), known as Madame Élisabeth, was a member of the immediate French royal family. She was the youngest sibling of King Louis XVI. During the French Revolution, she stayed with the king and his family. She was executed at Place de la Révolution in Paris during the "Reign of Terror" in the French Revolution. She is regarded by the Roman Catholic Church as a martyr and is venerated as a Servant of God. 

Élisabeth was the youngest child of the dauphin and dauphine of France. She was born during the reign of her grandfather, Louis XV. She grew up in the Palace of Versailles. She was always close to her older sister Clotilde. The two sisters were raised together by Madame de Marsan. 

Élisabeth was a skillful rider. She was also interested in art. Several of her drawings are in the museum of the Château de Versailles. In 1774, her grandfather, Louis XV, died. Her elder brother became king as Louis XVI.

Élisabeth was deeply religious. She was devoted to her brother the king. She refused to marry so that she could stay in France. In 1777, a marriage was suggested to Joseph II, Holy Roman Emperor. He was the son of Empress Maria Theresa of Austria and brother of her sister-in-law, Queen Marie Antoinette. Élisabeth declined with her brother's consent.

Élisabeth was executed during the French Revolution. She was buried at the Cimetière des Errancis, Paris. Her body was later moved to the Catacombs of Paris. 

Madame Elisabeth died in the odour of holiness. According to Madame de Genlis, a scent of roses spread across the Place de la Concorde after her execution. In 1953, Pope Pius XII recognised by decree the heroic character of her virtues simply because of her martyrdom. The princess was declared a Servant of God and the cause of beatification was officially presented on December 23, 1953 by Cardinal Maurice Feltin, Archbishop of Paris. In 2016, Cardinal André Vingt-Trois, Archbishop of Paris, reactivated the cause of his beatification. Father Xavier Snoëk, pastor of the parish of Sainte-Élisabeth-de-Hungary, was appointed postulator of the cause (church in the old Temple district where the princess was imprisoned), and in May 2017 he recognised the association of the faithful promoters of their cause. On November 15, 2017, Cardinal Vingt-Trois, after consulting with the French Bishops' Conference and the nihil obstat of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints in Rome, hopes that the process will lead to the canonization of Madame Elisabeth , sister of Louis XVI. 

Phoenician language

The Phoenician language was originally spoken in the coastal Mediterranean region that was called "Canaan" in Phoenician, Arabic, Greek and Aramaicbut "Phoenicia" in Greek and Latin and "Pūt" in ancient Egyptian. Phoenician was a Semitic language of the Canaanite subgroup. It was related to the Hebrew but was more developed. The language is divided into three groups. Archaic Phoenician dates from the 10th to the 7th century BC. Middle Phoenician dates from 6th to the 4th century BC. Late Phoenician was dated from the 3rd to the 1st century BC. The purple cloth that was produced by the Phoenicians gave the ancient Greeks their name for the colour; "Phoenicia".

Phoenician was spoken in area that includes modern-day Lebanon, coastal Syria, Palestine, northern Israel and parts of Cyprus. In some adjacent areas of Anatolia, it was spoken as a prestige language. It was also spoken in the area of Phoenician colonization along the coasts of the southwestern Mediterranean, including what is nowTunisia, Morocco Algeria, Malta, wester, Sicily, Sardinia, Corsica and southern Spain. The Phoenicians were the first state-level society to make extensive use of the alphabet. The Phoenician alphabet is the oldest verified consonantal alphabet, or abjad, and influenced most of the other alphabets.

Super Sentai

Super Sentai is a Japanese "tokusatsu" media franchise that has been on the air since 1975. The franchise has had subsequent over the years. The seasons are adapted for an American franchise called "Power Rangers". The current Sentai, "Ohsama Sentai King-Ohger", debuted in March 5, 2023. The seasons air on the TV Asahi television network. The seasons first debuted with "Kamen Rider" in 1971.



Jos Wienen

Jos Wienen (born October 3, 1960 in Ridderkerk) is a Dutch politician. He is mayor of Haarlem.

Wienen studied history and theology at Utrecht University. In 1986 he became a councilor for the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) in the town of Ridderkerk. In 1993 he became also an alderman. His job included the planning of space, housing, traffic and transportation affairs. Wienen was also vice-president of the city region Rotterdam.

In 2001, Wienen became mayor of Katwijk. In 2006, Katwijk merged with the towns of Rijnsburg and Valkenburg. He was also a member of the executive committee of the region Holland Rijnland, which includes Katwijk.

Since September 2016 Wienen has been mayor of Haarlem.

Jeff Golub

Jeff Golub (April 15, 1955 – January 1, 2015) was an American jazz guitarist. He released fifteen albums between 1988 and 2013. He also worked with Rod Stewart and Billy Squier.

Golub was born in Copley, Ohio and raised in Akron. In June 2011, he became blind from optic nerve issues. In September 2012, he fell onto a train track in New York but was treated for his injuries.

Golub died from progressive supranuclear palsy on January 1, 2015, aged 59.

Boris Morukov

Boris Vladimirovich Morukov (; 1 October 1950 – 1 January 2015) was a Russian physician and cosmonaut. He was best known for flying aboard NASA Space Shuttle mission STS-106 as a mission specialist. He also trained with the Russian Federal Space Agency as a research-cosmonaut.

Morukov was born in Moscow. In 1973, he got his M.D. from the Russian State Medical University. He was married to Nina and had two children - a son, Ivan, and a daughter, Olga.

Morukov died on 1 January 2015, aged 64.


1270s

The 1270s is a decade. It started on 1 January 1270 and ended on 31 December 1279.



Eric Cunningham

Eric Gordon Cunningham (April 14, 1949 – January 1, 2015) was a Canadian politician. He was a Liberal Ontario MPP for the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 until 1984.

Cunningham was born in Hamilton, Ontario. Aside from politics, he was an advertising executive.

Cunningham died in his sleep on January 1, 2015 in Huntsville, Ontario, aged 65.


Mrunalini Devi Puar

Mrunalini Devi Puar (25 June 1931 – 1 January 2015) was an Indian educator and dietitian. She was an educator at the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda before becoming the chancellor of the university after the death of her brother in 1988. She stayed chancellor until her death.

Puar was born in Gujarat. She was a member of the Gaekwad dynasty, the former ruling clan of Baroda State.

Puar died after a short illness on 1 January 2015, aged 83.


Edenryd

Edenryd is a village in Bromölla Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden.

Swedish female singer Sanna Nielsen comes from Edenryd.

Education in Turkey

Education in Turkey is based on a national system which was established in accordance with the Atatürk's Reforms after the Turkish War of Independence. Compulsory education lasts 12 years. 

Primary school () lasts 8 years. Primary education covers the education and teaching of children between the ages of 6–14. 

There are four core subjects at First, Second and Third Grades which are; Turkish, Math, Hayat Bilgisi (literally meaning "Life Knowledge") and Foreign Language. At Fourth Grade, "Hayat Bilgisi" is replaced by Science and Social Studies. The foreign language taught at schools changes from school to school. There are five core subjects at sixth and seventh grades; Turkish, maths, science, social studies and foreign language. At eighth grade, social studies is replaced by history and citizenship.

Secondary education (High School / ) includes all the general, vocational and technical education institutions that provide at least three years of education after primary school. Secondary education aims to give students a good level of knowledge, and to prepare them for higher education. Also to prepare them for a vocation, for life and for business. 

All high schools in Turkey accepting students use an examination by the Ministry of Education (Turkey). At the end of high school, following the 12th grade, students take a "high school finishing examination". They are required to pass this in order to take the University entrance examinations before they can attend a university.

It is not necessary to attend a university in Turkey.

By 2011 there were 166 universities in Turkey. Except for the Open Education Faculty (Turkish: Açıköğretim Fakültesi) at Anadolu University, entrance is regulated by a national examination, ÖSYS, after which high school graduates are assigned to university according to their performance.

Branford, Connecticut

Branford is a coastal town in southern Connecticut. The town is just east of New Haven. At the 2020 census, 28,273 people were living in Branford.

Kartal

Kartal is a district of Istanbul, Turkey. It is located on the Asian side of the city. It is on the coast of the Marmara Sea between Maltepe and Pendik. Its total area is . It has a population of nearly 500,0000 people.

Kartal behind the coast the land rises sharply up to Yakacık Hill ("the balcony of Istanbul") and Aydos, on these hills the land is fertile. Kartal has a mild climate.

Bob Packwood

Robert William "Bob" Packwood (born September 11, 1932) is an American politician. He was a United States Senator from the state of Oregon from 1969 to 1995. Although a member of the conservative Republican Party, Packwood was a moderate. He voted differently from other members of his party many times.

In 1995, Packwood resigned from the Senate after a sex scandal. He stayed involved in politics as a lobbyist and a political consultant. He lives in a suburb of Portland, with his second wife Elaine. She used to be his chief of staff.

The Grey Fox

The Grey Fox is a 1982 Canadian biographical-western movie. It was directed by Phillip Borsos and was produced by Peter O'Brian. "The Grey Fox" was released on December 16, 1982 in Canada and on March 18, 1983 in the United States. The movie is based on the true story of Bill Miner, a stagecoach robber who staged Canada's first train robbery on September 10, 1904.

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 100% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert rated the movie 3½ stars and said that it was "a lovely adventure". Farnsworth was nominated for a Golden Globe Award in the category of "Best Actor in a Motion Picture Drama" at the 41st Golden Globe Awards. The movie was also nominated for Best Foreign Film. It won many other awards.


Lam Pou-chuen

Lam Pou-chuen (, 10 October 1951 – 2 January 2015) was a Hong Kong voice actor. His career began in 1971. He was known for voicing Doraemon for over twenty years and dubbing many blockbuster movies into Cantonese.

Lam was born in Portuguese Macau. He was a Buddhist.

Lam died at the age of 63 from diabetes problems at his home in Hong Kong.

Miller Williams

Miller Williams (April 8, 1930 – January 1, 2015) was an American contemporary poet, as well as a translator and editor. He wrote over 25 books and won several awards for his poetry. He was perhaps best known for reading a poem at President Clinton's 1997 inauguration. One of his best-known poems was "The Shrinking Lonesome Sestina."

Williams suffered from spina bifida. He died in Fayetteville, Arkansas from Alzheimer's disease, aged 84.





Field of study

A field of study (also called a discipline) is a general topic of knowledge, learning, or research. In schools they are often called "subjects". Some examples include mathematics, biology, and classical studies. Disciplines require training and qualification. Qualified people are able to use the methods of a discipline, and have knowledge of that discipline. Thus, for example, a chemist knows chemistry, and can carry out chemical analysis in a standard chemical laboratory. The discipline of palaeography, the study of ancient writing, covers knowledge of older forms of writing, and how to study, decipher and translate examples of early writing.


Donna Douglas

Donna Douglas (born Doris Ione Smith; September 26, 1932 – January 1, 2015) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as Elly May Clampett in the CBS television series "The Beverly Hillbillies" from 1962 to 1971. She also appeared in the series "The Twilight Zone" and the movie "Frankie and Johnny" (1966), alongside Elvis Presley.

Douglas was born in Pride, Louisiana. She had a son, Danny P. Bourgeois (born September 14, 1954). She was married twice, both ending in divorce.

Douglas died from pancreatic cancer on January 1, 2015 in Zachary, Louisiana, aged 82.

Bethany Mota

Bethany Noel Mota (born November 7, 1995) is an American video blogger from Los Banos, California. She was a shy person, lived her childhood with cyber bullying. Starting with her YouTube channel of as "MacBarbie07" created in 2009, she rose to fame for her haul videos, in which she shows her fashion purchases via the internet. She changed her channel name to "Bethany Mota" as she grew more and more well known. She uploads videos of outfit ideas, makeup and hair tutorials, recipes, and do it yourself ideas. She has since expanded into her own fashion line at Aéropostale. She recently went on a tour, which she calls her "Motavatour" to meet and interact with fans. She is now (8/23/2016) is in a Camp to meet and interact with her fans, with a Youtuber named Tyler Oakley.

Little Jimmy Dickens

James Cecil Dickens (December 19, 1920 – January 2, 2015), better known as Little Jimmy Dickens, was an American country music singer. He was famous for his humorous novelty songs, his small size, 4'11" (150 cm), and his rhinestone-studded outfits. 

He started as a member of the Grand Ole Opry in 1948 and became a member of the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1983. 

Dickens was hospitalized after a stroke on December 25, 2014. He died of cardiac arrest on January 2, 2015, at the age of 94.


Arthur A. Neu

Arthur Alan Neu (February 9, 1933 – January 2, 2015) was an American Republican politician and lawyer. He served as the 40th Lieutenant Governor of Iowa from 1973 to 1979.

Neu died at a hospital in Des Moines, Iowa at the age of 81 on January 2, 2015.

Roger Jepsen

Roger William Jepsen (December 23, 1928 – November 13, 2020) was an American politician from the state of Iowa. A Republican, he served in the United States Senate and as Lieutenant Governor of Iowa. He was born in Cedar Falls, Iowa.

Jepsen died on November 13, 2020 in Davenport, Iowa at the age of 91.


Tom Wolf

Thomas Westerman "Tom" Wolf (born November 17, 1948) is an American businessman and politician. He became Governor of Pennsylvania on January 20, 2015. He defeated Republican incumbent Tom Corbett in the 2014 election for governor. He was re-elected in 2018. He left office on January 17, 2023.

Wolf is a Democrat. Before being governor, he was the secretary of the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue from April 2007 until November 2008.

On February 24, 2016, Wolf announced that he had been diagnosed with prostate cancer in its early stages.


Muriel Bowser

Muriel Elizabeth Bowser (born August 2, 1972) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party. She is serving as the eighth Mayor of the District of Columbia. She succeeded Vincent C. Gray on January 2, 2014.


Bill Walker (politician)

William Martin "Bill" Walker (born April 16, 1951) is an American attorney and politician. He was the 11th Governor of Alaska from December 1, 2014 to December 3, 2018.

Walker ran for re-election in 2018 but three days after the resignation of Lieutenant Governor Byron Mallott, and having low polling numbers, he dropped out of the race on October 19 and supported Democrat Mark Begich.

In August 2021, Walker announced his plans to run for governor again in the 2022 election.

David Ige

David Yutaka Ige (born January 15, 1957) is an American politician. He was the eighth Governor of Hawaii from 2014 to 2022. A Democrat, he previously served in the Hawaii State Senate, representing the 16th district, from 1995 to 2014.


Greg Abbott

Gregory Wayne "Crippled Greg" Abbott (born November 13, 1957) is an American lawyer and Republican politician. He is currently the Governor of Texas. He defeated Wendy Davis in the November 4, 2014 general election. Prior to being governor, he was the 50th Attorney General of Texas.


Power Rangers Wild Force

Power Rangers Wild Force is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2002. It aired from February 3 to November 16 2002 40 episodes. The first half was aired on Fox Kids. After the Disney purchase Of Fox Family, the second half aired on ABC Kids. This was the last Power Rangers to be filmed in the US. Disney moved filming to New Zealand. It is based on the Super Sentai series, "Hyakujuu Sentai Gaoranger". Ironically, Gaoranger celebrated 25 years of Sentai while Wild Force celebrated 10 years of Power Rangers. The show is best known for one of the best Power Rangers specials to date, "Forever Red". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Time Force". A sequel to called "Power Rangers Ninja Storm" started in 2003.

After Cole Evans becomes the new leader of the Wild Force Power Rangers, he strives to fight against the evil forces of the Orgs.




Division of Hindmarsh

The Division of Hindmarsh is an Australian Electoral Division in South Australia. It covers the western suburbs of Adelaide, including Adelaide Airport, Ascot Park, Brooklyn Park, Edwardstown, Fulham, Glenelg, Grange, Henley Beach, Kidman Park, Kurralta Park, Morphettville, Plympton, Richmond, Semaphore Park, Torrensville, West Beach and West Lakes.

It was set up in 1903 and is named after Sir John Hindmarsh, who was Governor of South Australia 1836-38. 


Division of Kingston

The Division of Kingston is an Australian Electoral Division in South Australia. It covers south part of the Adelaide metropolitan area. It includes the suburbs of Aldinga Beach, Christie Downs, Christies Beach, Hackham, Hallett Cove, Huntfield Heights, Lonsdale, Maslin Beach, Moana, Morphett Vale, Old Noarlunga, Onkaparinga Hills, Port Noarlunga, Reynella, Seaford, Sellicks Beach, Sheidow Park, Port Willunga, Trott Park, Woodcroft, and parts of Happy Valley and McLaren Flat.

It was set up in 1949 and is named after Charles Kingston, Premier of South Australia (1893–1899). He was elected to the first House of Representatives in 1901 and the first Federal member of the Division of Adelaide in 1903. 

Notably, every sitting member in the electorate's history has been defeated at an election—none have retired or resigned.


Frans Molenaar

Frans Molenaar (11 May 1940 – 9 January 2015) was a Dutch fashion designer.

He studied to become a tailor in Amsterdam from 1955–1958. After his studies he did an internship with Charles Montaigne in Paris from 1959–1960 and worked for Gerard Pipart at Nina Ricci also in Paris from 1961–1964.

In 1967 he started his own business "Frans Molenaar Couture" and he worked as an "haute couture" designer since. He created the fashion award "Frans Molenaar prijs" in 1995.

Molenaar died from complications following from a fall at the age of 74 in Amsterdam.


German Moreno

German Molina Moreno (4 October 1933 – 8 January 2016), also known as Kuya Germs or the Master Showman, was a Filipino television host, actor, comedian and talent manager. He was most popular during the 1980s. He was known for formerly hosting "GMA Supershow".

Moreno was born in Santa Cruz, Manila, Philippines. He died in Quezon City, Philippines from cardiac arrest due to a stroke he had on 7 January 2016.

Abu Anas al-Libi

Nazih Abdul-Hamed Nabih al-Ruqai'i (‎; 30 March or 14 May 1964 – 2 January 2015), better known as Abu Anas al-Libi, was a Libyan al-Qaeda member held as a prisoner in the United States for terrorism offenses. He was wanted for his part in the 1998 United States embassy bombings in Nairobi, Kenya and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. He worked as a computer specialist for the terrorist group. He was captured by the U.S. on 5 October 2013 in Tripoli. Before this event, he was on the FBI's most wanted terrorists list. His trial in the U.S. was to begin on 12 January 2015.

Al-Libi was born in Tripoli. He was married and had four sons.

Al-Libi died from surgery problems on 2 January 2015 in a New York City hospital, aged 50. He had liver disease from hepatitis C as well as liver cancer at the time of his death.

Aydıncık, Mersin

Aydıncık is a district of Mersin Province on the Mediterranean coast of Turkey. It is from Mersin and from Antalya.

Aydıncık has also been called "Celenderis", "Gilindire", Kelenderis (Κελενδερίς in ancient Greek). In 1228 Celenderis castle was captured from the Armenians by the Ottomans. The coast was settled by Turkish peoples. The town's name changed to Gilindere. It continued to be an important port between Anatolia and Cyprus until the beginning of the 20th century. It was renamed Aydıncık in 1965.

Aydıncık is near the Mediterranean Sea. There are a lot of beaches in Aydıncık. There are Yenikaş, Hacıbahattin, Karadere, Karaseki, Teknecik, Yeniyürük, Yeniyürükkaş, Eskiyürük, Pembecik and Duruhan villages in Aydıncık.

The remains of ancient Celenderis are very few. The ruins today are mostly covered over by the expanding modern Aydıncık. Fortifications may still be seen around the modern lighthouse near the harbor. There is a landlocked bay with its famous spring to the west at Soguksu. Here there are ancient ruins There is a bath at the head of the bay. There are also traces of archaeological debris on the peninsula at its mouth.

There is a large Roman Cenotaph with four columns from the 2nd century.

The cave of Gilindere is about an hour's ride along the coast by small boat. It is about and deep. It has attractive stone and crystal formations.

Ulrich Beck

Ulrich Beck (15 May 1944 – 1 January 2015) was a German sociologist and educator. He made the term risk society out of globalization. And made studies on democratic and cosmopolitan society. He was also a professor of sociology at the University of Munich and at the London School of Economics.

Beck was born in the Pomeranian town of Stolp (now Słupsk in Poland). He got his Ph.D. in 1972. He was married to Elisabeth Beck-Gernsheim.

Beck died from a heart attack on 1 January 2015, aged 70.


Mini metro

Mini Metro or Minimetro may refer to:

Hyacinth macaw

The hyacinth macaw ("Anodorhynchus hyacinthinus"), or hyacinthine macaw, is a parrot native to central and eastern South America.

It is longer than any other species of parrot, from the top of its head to the tip of its long pointed tail it is about 100 cm (3.3 ft). It is the largest macaw and the largest flying parrot species.

Habitat loss and trapping wild birds for the pet trade has taken a heavy toll on their population in the wild, and as a result the species is classified as endangered on the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Red List, and it is protected by its listing on Appendix I of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES).

They eat nuts from native palms. They have large, powerful beaks that can crack nuts and seeds, while their dry, smooth tongues have a bone inside them that makes them effective for tapping into fruits. The acuri nut is so hard that the parrots cannot feed on it until it has passed through the digestive system of cattle. In addition, they eat fruits and other vegetable matter. Their diet includes fruits, nuts, nectar, and various kinds of seeds. They travel for ripe food over a vast area.

This beautiful bird is endangered. In the wild its eggs are eaten by various small mammals, by vultures, and by the toucan. The hyacinth depends on the toucan, which spreads the seeds of the Manduvi tree ("Sterculia apetala") that the macaw needs for reproduction. The tree is just right for the macaw to make its nest, and there are few other places as good. The toucan disperses 83% of the tree's seeds, but also eats 53% of the macaw's eggs.

But by far, humans are the main cause of its problems. The illegal trade in fancy feathers, the pet trade and the destruction of habitat has greatly reduced its numbers.

The Three Little Pigs

"The Three Little Pigs" is a fable/fairy tale featuring three pigs. They each build houses of different materials. A big bad wolf (the villain or bad guy) is able to blow down the first two pigs' houses. The first is made of straw, the second is made of wood. But he is unable to destroy the third pig's house. This is because it is made of bricks. The moral or lesson of the story is to plan ahead. Printed versions of the story date back to the 1840s. But the story may have borrowed parts from older stories. One is "The Wolf and the Seven Young Kids" (). This is a German folktale collected as the fifth tale in Grimms' Fairy Tales in 1812. The phrases used in the story, and the various morals that can be drawn from it, have become a part of Western culture.

Walt Disney made an animated version of the story. It features the song, "Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?"


Ajdovščina

Ajdovščina (, ) is a small Slovenian town that is the administrative centre of the Municipality of Ajdovščina (). It is an economic and cultural centre of the Vipava Valley (), southwestern Slovenia, near the border with Italy.

The municipality of Ajdovščina was established on 10 March 1994. Its administrative centre is the town of Ajdovščina.

The municipality has an area , and a population, in 2017, of 19,093: 9,659 men and 9,434 women. Its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The highest point in the municipality is the "Veliki Golak" mountain () in Predmeja near the border with the municipality of Nova Gorica; it is high. The lowest point is on the Vipava river to the south of the village of Batuje – lying at above sea level. The average altitude at the town of Ajdovščina is .

The main river in the municipality or that flows through it is the Vipava. The "Hubelj" river, a right tributary of the Vipava, is a short stream that divides the town of Ajdovščina in two large parts: Ajdovščina itself and Šturje.

The municipality of Ajdovščina is surrounded by the following municipalities: Idrija to the north and east, Postojna to the southeast, Vipava to the south, Komen to the southwest and Nova Gorica to the west.

Mild winters and hot summers are typical of the Vipava Valley. The average (or mean) July temperature in Ajdovščina, is and the average winter temperature is . The average annual rainfall in the Vipava Valley is . The Bora wind is a characteristic wind of the valley which is more common during winter; it is a cold and strong wind.

There are 45 settlements () in the municipality; the main is Ajdovščina, which is the administrative centre of the municipality.

The municipality of Ajdovščina is twinned with:




Statistical regions of Slovenia

The statistical regions of Slovenia (, singular: ) are 12 administrative sub-divisions (NUTS 3 level) created in Slovenia in May 2005 for legal and statistical purposes.

In total there are 12 statistical regions in Slovenia. These 12 statistical regions are grouped in two groups (NUTS-2 level): Eastern Slovenia () and Western Slovenia ()

From 1 January 2015, the name of the Spodnjeposavska statistical region changes to Posavska and the name of Notranjsko-kraška to Primorsko-notranjska.

Heth

Heth (also spelled Khet, Kheth, Chet, Cheth, or Het) is the eighth letter of the Hebrew and Arabic alphabets.

Teth

Teth, (also Tet), is the ninth letter from Masha and the Bear and of the Hebrew alphabet.

Goriška Statistical Region

The Goriška Statistical Region or Gorizia Statistical Region () is a statistical region in western Slovenia, along the border with Italy.

The region was created in 2005 for statistical purposes only. The western Julian Alps, the Soča river and the fertile Vipava Valley are the most recognizable natural geographic characteristics of the region.

Bobby Moynihan

Robert Michael Moynihan Jr. (born January 31, 1977) is an American actor, voice actor, comedian and writer. He was on NBC's "Saturday Night Live" from 2008 to 2017. He also stars as Panda in the 2015 Cartoon Network series "We Bare Bears" and Glitterz in the 2022 Nick Jr. series "Destiny's Side". In August 2016, he married actress Brynn O'Malley. They had their first child in July 2017.

Ratchet &amp; Clank (movie)

Ratchet & Clank is a 3D computer-animated science fiction action comedy movie. It was directed by Jericca Cleland and Kevin Munroe. The movie is based on the platforming video game series of the same name. The movie was originally scheduled to be released in 2015. The movie was released on April 29, 2016.

The movie was produced at Rainmaker Entertainment's Vancouver studio in Canada. It was executive produced by Michael Hefferon, the President of Rainmaker Entertainment.

At the 2014 Electronic Entertainment Expo on June 9, 2014, the first trailer for the movie was revealed during Sony's press conference.



Municipalities of Slovenia

Slovenia is divided into 212 municipalities (, singular: ), of which 11 (in bold) are cities ("cities municipalities").

Slovene is an official language of all the municipalities. Hungarian is a second official language of 3 municipalities in the Prekmurje region: Dobrovnik/Dobronak, Hodoš/Hodos and Lendava/Lendva. Italian is a second official language of 4 municipalities (of which one has urban status) in the Slovene Littoral region: Ankaran/Ancarano, Izola/Isola, Koper/Capodistria and Piran/Pirano.

The largest municipality in area is Kočevje with and the smallest is Odranci with only . The municipality with the highest population is Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia, and the one with the lowest population is Hodoš with only 382 people living there.

The Slovene names have the word "Občina" in front, e.g. "Občina Bled". As an English name, the Statistical Office of Slovenia uses a word by word transformation, e.g. "Municipality Bled".

Lateralization of brain function

The human brain has two halves, called the left and right hemispheres. These two halves of the brain are not exactly alike. For most tasks, both sides of the brain work together. But each side of the brain specializes in some things and works harder on those things than the other side. The term brain lateralization, or lateralization of brain function, means that the different halves do things differently.

A deep groove called the longitudinal fissure separates the brain into its two hemispheres (halves). The two hemispheres are connected by the corpus callosum, a bundle of nerve fibers. The corpus callous allows the right and left hemispheres to communicate with each other, and to work together.

Both the left and right hemispheres look and work in similar ways. The large parts of both hemispheres are exactly the same on both sides. But in the smaller parts, there are some differences. 

Sometimes, the brain is different for left-handed and right-handed people. For example, there are two areas in the brain that are very important for speech: Broca's area and Wernicke's area. These two areas are in the left hemisphere for about 95% of right-handed people, but only about 70% of left-handed people.

Popular articles on psychology often say that each side of the brain does things that the other does not. For example, a common mistake is the idea that the left side of the brain does all of a person's "logical thinking" (like solving math problems), while the right brain does all the "creative thinking" (like painting or drawing). It is often said that a person who is creative is "right-brained," while a person who is more logical or "book-smart" is "left-brained." 

The truth is that both hemispheres work together on both logical and creative thinking. However, even though the two hemispheres work together, there is some hemispheric specialisation. Usually, the right side of the brain dominates the functions to do with creativity, spatial awareness, appreciation of music etc. whereas the left side of the brain dominates analytical, language-based and logical functions.

Both hemispheres work together to do most things. However, for certain tasks, one hemisphere may be more "dominant" than the other. For example, in about 95% of right-handed people, the left hemisphere is dominant when it comes to language. For these people, their language abilities are controlled mostly by the left hemisphere. The right hemisphere helps too, but not as much as the left hemisphere.

Specifically, important parts of language like grammar and vocabulary are usually "lateralized" to the left hemisphere. This means that most thinking about grammar and vocabulary happens in the left half of the brain. This is especially true in right-handed people.

Not all parts of language are controlled mostly by the left hemisphere. Other important parts of language, like intonation (how words are said) and accentuation (which words in a sentence are stressed), are often lateralized to the right hemisphere.

Language production writing or speaking – is an example of how lateralization can be different for right-handed and left-handed people. Language production is lateralized to the left hemisphere in about 90% of right-handed people. But in about half of left-handed people, language production is controlled by both hemispheres, or mostly by the right hemisphere. 


Sometimes, people have brain injuries that hurt or destroy part of the brain. With very bad injuries, an entire hemisphere may be destroyed. Sometimes that hemisphere's jobs can be done by part of the other hemisphere. However, this is not always possible. It depends on the area that was damaged and the patient's age. 

Sometimes, a brain injury damages pathways that carry information from one area to another. In some people, the brain can create other, less direct pathways (like detours). These new 'detours' may help the brain continue to carry information between the areas that were separated by the brain injury.


Infrared telescope

An infrared telescope is a telescope that detects infrared radiation (heat energy). All objects in the universe that have a temperature above absolute zero give off some form of electromagnetic radiation. Infrared light is one of several types of radiation present in the electromagnetic spectrum.

Astronomers use several different types of telescopes to detect different types of emitted radiation in the electromagnetic spectrum. Some of these are gamma ray, x-ray, ultra-violet, regular visible light (optical), as well as infrared telescopes. 

Ground-based infrared telescopes are affected by Earth's atmosphere. They work best in the shorter part of the infrared, a micrometer or two. An infrared telescope in outer space such as the James Webb Space Telescope or above the clouds (water vapor) can see more help, especially for longer wavelengths (several micrometers) which cooler objects emit. Examples would be asteroids and interstellar clouds. 

Delta Machine

Delta Machine is the thirteenth studio album by Depeche Mode. The album was released on March 26, 2013. It was first studio album of new material in 4 years It was first studio album with label Sony Music Entertainment the label Columbia Records. 

Løjenkær

Løjenkær is a village and civil parish of the municipality of Århus.

The infamous physician Carl Værnet was born here.

Longitudinal fissure

In vertebrates, the longitudinal fissure separates the cerebrum into two parts. The fissure is sometimes also called 'longitudinal cerebral fissure', 'great longitudinal fissure' or 'interhemispheric longitudinal fissure'. The two parts are often called cerebral hemispheres. The cerebrum is the largest part of the human brain. 

A bundle of nerve fibres called the corpus calllosum connects the left and right hemispheres. A tough membrane called falx cerebri covers the fissure. 

Jack Fellure

Lowell Jackson "Jack" Fellure (born October 3, 1931) is an American perennial political candidate and retired engineer. 

He was the presidential nominee of the Prohibition Party for the 2012 presidential election. He also tried to run for president in 2016 as a Repubican.


Cambridge, Ohio

Cambridge is a city in and the county seat of Guernsey County, Ohio, United States. It lies in southeastern Ohio, in the Appalachian Plateau of the Appalachian Mountains. The population was 10,089 at the 2020 census.


John Conyers

John James Conyers, Jr. (May 16, 1929 – October 27, 2019) was an American politician. He served as the U.S. Representative for Michigan's 13th district, serving in Congress from 1965 (the district was numbered as the 1st District until 1993, and as the 14th district from 1993 to 2013) until his resignation in 2017. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Conyers, was its longest-serving member, and was the Dean of the House of Representatives. He was also the longest-serving member of the entire United States Congress.

In November 2017, Conyers was accused of sexual harassment and for paying off the accuser. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called on Conyers to resign. On December 5, 2017, Conyers resigned his seat in the US House of Representatives because of his mounting sexual scandals.

Conyers died in his sleep at his Detroit home on October 27, 2019 at the age of 90.


Highland Park, Michigan

Highland Park is a city in Wayne County in the State of Michigan. The population was 8,977 at the 2020 census. 

Basil Hansen

Basil Hansen (7 October 1926 – 2 January 2015) was an Australian ice hockey player. He played from 1946 until 1963. He was a member of the Australian national team during the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley, California, United States. He played for the Monarchs his entire career and even coarched the team for two years after his retirement.

Hansen was born in Melbourne, Victoria. His son, Greg, also became an ice hockey player.

Hansen died on 2 January 2015 at the age of 88.

Bovec

Bovec (, ) is a small Slovenian town in the Julian Alps that is the administrative centre of the Municipality of Bovec ().

The municipality of Bovec was established on 10 March 1994. Before that date, Bovec was part of the municipality of Tolmin.

The municipality of Bovec is part of the Goriška statistical region. It is in the northwest part of the country, on the border with Italy and is at about away from Austria. Part of the municipality is in the Triglav National Park.

The town of Bovec is at an altitude of , on the edge of the Bovec valley, a broad and flat valley where the small "Koritnica" river joins the Soča river.

The municipality has an area , and a population, in 2017, of 3,082: 1,512 men and 1,570 women. Its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The municipality of Bovec is surrounded by the following municipalities: Tarvisio (Italy) to the north, Kranjska Gora to the northeast, Bohinj to the southeast, Kobarid to the south, Chiusaforte (Italy) to the west.

Mild winters and warm summers are typical of the Bovec Valley. The mean annual temperature in the Bovec municipality is ; the mean summer temperature (July, August) is and the mean winter temperature (December, January) is . The average annual precipitation in the Bovec Valley is around . The Kanin mountains have the highest precipitation in Slovenia, mostly in the form of snow between November and March.

There are 13 settlements () in the municipality; the main is Bovec, which is the administrative centre of the municipality.



Cerkno

Cerkno (, ) is a small Slovenian town that is the administrative centre of the Municipality of Cerkno (). It is an economic and cultural centre of the Cerkno Hills () region.

The municipality of Cerkno was established on 10 March 1994. Its administrative centre is the town of Cerkno and is well known for its ski resort.

The municipality of Cerkno is in western Slovenia and is part of the Goriška statistical region. The town of Cerkno is at an altitude of ,

The municipality has an area , and a population, in 2017, of 4,602: 2,352 men and 2,250 women. Its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The municipality of Cerkno is surrounded by the following municipalities: Železniki to the northeast, Gorenja vas-Poljanej to the east, Idrija to the south, Tolmin to the west and northwest.

The main river in the municipality is the Idrijca river. The "Cerknica" is a small river, tributary of the Idrijca, that flows through the town of Cerkno.

Historically, the Cerkno Hills region was part of the Tolmin County. In the 16th century, the area came under the rule of the House of Habsburg. After the end of World War I, the area was occupied by the Italian Army, and then officially annexed to Italy in 1920.
There are 30 settlements () in the municipality; the main is Cerkno, which is the administrative centre of the municipality.

Cerkno is well known for the "Laufarija" carnival, a festival during spring with carved wooden masks, and also by the "Franja Partisan Hospital" (), a hospital from World War II, that is to northeast of the town of Cerkno and to the west of Dolenji Novaki.



Idrija

Idrija (, ) is a small Slovenian town that is the administrative centre of the Municipality of Idrija (). It is known for its mercury mine and the production of lace.

The municipality of Idrija was established on 10 March 1994. In 2011, Idrija was given the Alpine Town of the Year award.

The municipality of Idrija is in western Slovenia and is part of the Goriška statistical region. The town of Idrija is at an altitude of ,

The municipality has an area , and a population, in 2017, of 11,800: 5,920 men and 5,880 women. Its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The municipality of Idrija is surrounded by the following municipalities: Cerkno to the north, Žiri to the northeast, Logatec to the east and southeast, Ajdovščina to the south and soutwest, Nova Gorica (a short border) to the west and Tolmin to the northwest.

The main river in the municipality is the Idrijca river, that flows through the town of Idrija; the river gives its name to the main town of the municipality, Idrija.

The area has a moderately continental climate; the average rainfall is . The least precipitation is in February and July, and the highest is in November.

In 1497, deposits of mercury were discovered in Idrija. This is one of the only places in the world where one can find mercury in both its liquid form and like cinnabar (mercuric sulfide). It was only in the 1980s that the mine was closed.

From 1783 to 1918 the region of Idrija was part of Austria-Hungary. After World War II, it was annexed to Italy. Under Italian rule (1918–1943), the area that is now the Municipality of Idrija was a "comune" of the Province of Gorizia (as "Idria").

The town is since June 2012 listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site (Heritage of Mercury. Almadén and Idrija) because of its former mercury mines.

There are 38 settlements () in the municipality; the main settlement is Idrija, which is the administrative centre of the municipality and is in a valley around the Idrijca river.

Some tourist places in and around Idrija are:

Idrija is twinned with:




Traumatic brain injury

A traumatic brain injury (TBI), also known as an intracranial injury, is an injury to the brain caused by an external force. 

Head injury is a broader category that may involve damage to other structures such as the scalp and skull. TBI can result in physical, cognitive, social, emotional and behavioral symptoms, and outcomes can range from complete recovery to permanent disability or death.

This could be caused from falls, crashes or in sport.

Joshua Nkomo

Joshua Mqabuko Nyongolo Nkomo (19 June 1917 – 1 July 1999) was the leader and founder of the Zimbabwe African People's Union (ZAPU) and a member of the Ndebele (Kalanga) tribe.

Nkomo was jailed for ten years by Rhodesia's white minority government. After his release, ZAPU contributed to the fall of that government. Then they fought with a rival group led by Robert Mugabe. Mugabe became President of Zimbabwe. Nkomo was not trusted and eventually fled the country.

In 1999 Nkomo was declared a National Hero. He is buried in the National Heroes Acre in Harare.

On 27 June 2000, a set of four postage stamps were issued with Nkomo's image.



Naval fleet

A naval fleet is usually a permanent formation and is generally assigned to a particular ocean or sea. Many fleets are named after the particular ocean or sea to which they are assigned. Since 1942, the US Navy uses numbers to identify its fleets. 

A fleet is normally commanded by an admiral. Usually, his rank is Admiral of the Fleet. Some fleets have been or are commanded by Vice-Admirals or even Rear-Admirals. Most fleets are divided into several squadrons, each of which is commanded by a subordinate admiral. Those squadrons in turn are often divided into divisions.

During the age of sail, fleets were divided into van, centre and rear squadrons. They were named after each squadron’s place in the line of battle. In more modern times, the squadrons are typically composed of groups of the same class of warships. Examples would be frigates or destroyers. 

Since many smaller navies contain only one fleet, the term "the fleet" usually means "the navy".

Focus (2015 movie)

Focus is a 2015 American romantic crime-drama movie. This movie is about a con-man drawing a young attractive woman into his romantic circle. Will Smith plays Nicky. Margot Robbie plays Jess.

Focus is set in New Orleans and Buenos Aires.

The movie was released on February 27, 2015.

GMC Acadia

GMC Acadia is a full-sized crossover vehicle. It is manufactured by GMC. It went on sale beginning in December 2006. It seats seven or eight passengers, depending on the model. The GMC Acadia replaces four vehicles the Envoy SUV and its XL package, the Isuzu Asscender SUV and the Pontiac Montana SV6 minivan.

The GMC Acadia was improved in 2012 for the 2013 model year. The second generation Acadia uses the body shell of GM's discontinued Saturn Outlook.

Stuart Scott

Stuart Orlando Scott (July 19, 1965 – January 4, 2015) was an American sportscaster and anchor on ESPN, most notably on the network's "SportsCenter". He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Scott died in Avon, Connecticut from appendix cancer aged 49. 


René Vautier

René Vautier (15 January 1928 – 4 January 2015) was a French movie director. His movies were about many issues, such as the Algerian War, French colonialism in Africa, pollution, racism, women's rights, and apartheid in South Africa. His best known works were "Afrique 50" and "Avoir 20 ans dans les Aurès".

Edmund Wnuk-Lipiński

Edmund Wnuk-Lipiński (4 May 1944 – 4 January 2015) was a Polish professor of sociology. He was the founder and first head of the Polish Academy of Sciences Institute of Political Studies, Rector of Collegium Civitas in Warsaw. 

He was a Fellow at the Institute of Human Sciences in Vienna, the University of Notre Dame, and Wissenschaftskolleg in Berlin. He is a member of the Polish National Council for Civil Service and the National Council for European Integration.

Wnuk-Lipiński was born in Sucha. He was the author of a social fiction dystopia trilogy, "Apostezjon" ("Wir pamieci", "Rozpad polowiczny", "Mord zalozycielski"). He was the winner of Janusz A. Zajdel Award in 1988 for "Rozpad polowiczny".

Wnuk-Lipiński died in Warsaw, Poland, aged 60.

Hank Peters

Henry J. "Hank" Peters (September 16, 1924 – January 4, 2015) was an American baseball executive. He was known for being the general manager of the Baltimore Orioles and to the Kansas City Athletics. Peters was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

Peters died from complications from a stroke in Boca Raton, Florida, aged 90.

Division of Makin

The Division of Makin is an electoral division for the Australian House of Representatives. It covers the northeastern suburbs of Adelaide, including Banksia Park, Fairview Park, Golden Grove, Greenwith, Gulfview Heights, Ingle Farm, Mawson Lakes, Modbury, Para Hills, Para Vista, Pooraka, Redwood Park, Ridgehaven, Salisbury East, Salisbury Heights, St Agnes, Surrey Downs, Tea Tree Gully, Valley View, Vista, Walkley Heights, Wynn Vale, Yatala Vale, and parts of Gepps Cross and Hope Valley.

It was set up in 1984 and named after Norman Makin, a former member of Parliament, Speaker and diplomat.



Derek Minter

Derek Minter (27 April 1932 – 3 January 2015) was a British Grand Prix motorcycle and short-circuit road racer. He rode professionally from 1955 and 1967. In 1958, he in fifth place in the 500cc world championship. In 1960, Minter won the North West 200 race in Northern Ireland. In 1962, he won the Isle of Man 250cc Lightweight TT.

Minter was born in Kent. He was an electrician before becoming a racer.

Minter died on 3 January 2015 at the age of 82.

Olga Knyazeva

Olga Knyazeva (; 9 August 1954 – 3 January 2015) was a Soviet fencer from Kazan. She won a gold medal in the women's team foil event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

Knyazeva died on 3 January 2015 in Kazan, aged 60.


Ford Edge

The Ford Edge is a mid-size crossover vehicle. It comes in different models. It was first seen in 2006 as a 2007 model year car.

The outside of this vehicle has been changed several times over the years.

Star Wars: The Clone Wars (movie)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars is a 2008 feature length computer animated science fiction movie. It has the same title as the by Lucasfilm and Lucasfilm Animation and released by 20th Century Fox. The movie takes place as the start of the television series. It was released in August 2008.
The movie takes place three months after the battle of Geonosis and outbreak of the Clone Wars. Anakin Skywalker must take on a Padawan called "Ahsoka Tano". They must save the hulett from the "Confederacy Systems of Independence" with his master Obi-Wan Kenobi. 

Högalid Church

The Högalid Church () is a protected church building. It is located at the district of Södermalm in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It was designed by architect Ivar Tengbom. It was built upon elevated ground between 1916–1923. The area it was built on was originally barren. Later, the area was turned into a park, The church is one of the more prominent buildings in town. It Complements the contemporary Stockholm City Hall on the opposite side of Riddarfjärden. The church is considered being one of Sweden's foremost examples of the National Romantic architectural style.

Gustaf Vasa Church

Gustaf Vasa Church () is a church building in the Vasastaden district in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. The church was inaugurated in 1906. It is named after 16th century King Gustav I of Sweden. The church was designed in the Baroque Revival style by architect Agi Lindegren. The church is located between two busy avenues partially lined with trees. The dome of the church rises above the nearby Odenplan plaza. The floor plan is in the shape of a Greek cross. The church seats 1,500 people. The seating capacity makes it one of the larger churches in Stockholm.


Engelbrekt Church

The Engelbrekt Church () is a protected church building. It is located at Lärkstaden in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. The church was designed in the National Romantic style by architect Lars Israel Wahlman. In 1914, it was completed. It has 1,400 seats. The seating capacity makes it one of the larger churches in Stockholm.

The church was named after 15th century rebel Engelbrekt Engelbrektsson. The naming followed the spirit of romantic nationalism. The church built atop a hill in the years 1910–1914, after an design competition held in 1906. Most of the rock where the church stands was left mostly intact. That was in accordance to the urban planning ideals at the time. It gave the church a naturally elevated position in town. 

The building has some features common to Byzantine architecture. It has a cruciform architectural plan with a high nave, The nave is the highest in Scandinavia. The church has been internationally appreciated in architectural circles. The church has not underwent any major changes since its inauguration. The church is regarded as a paragon of the Swedish Art Nouveau era and of the National Romantic style.


St. Matthew's Church, Stockholm

Saint Matthew's Church () is a protected church building. It is located in the Vasastaden district in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. The building was originally intended to be a chapel in the Adolf Fredrik Parish. The church was designed by Erik Lallerstedt. It was built at an intersection in Vasastaden between 1901-1903.

The large hall at ground floor was originally meant to be used for various charity-activities. This was thought because the chapel was located in a poorer neighbourhood at the time. The church building is in many ways reminiscent of the Methodist church Saint Peter's Church at Norrmalm. The Saint Peters Church was also designed by Erik Lallerstedt in 1899. The Saint Matthew's Church underwent some changes between 1907–1908 under guidance of the original architect. The changes occurred when the parish was split and the chapel became a parish church.

Oscar Fredrik Church

Oscar Fredrik Church () is a church building in Olivedal in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It belongs to the Gothenburg Oscar Fredrik Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on Easter Sunday 1893.

Örgryte New Church

The Örgryte New Church () is a church building in Örgryte in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It belongs to the Örgryte Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on 6 July 1890.

Örgryte Old Church

The Örgryte Old Church () is a church building in Örgryte in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It belongs to the Örgryte Parish of the Church of Sweden. A church at the present site of the Örgryte Old Church has been around since the 13th century.

Örgryte Church

Örgryte Church () may refer to:


Gränna Church

Gränna Church () is a church building in Gränna in Sweden. It belongs to the Gränna Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on 15 September 1895. It replaced an older church destroyed by an 1889 fire.

SVT's Luciamorgon in December 2019 was celebrated inside the church.

Olaus Petri Church

Olaus Petri Church () is a church building in the town of Örebro in Sweden. It belongs to the Örebro Olaus Petri Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was opened on Fourth Advent Sunday 1912.

Oscar's Church

The Oscar Church () a church building in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It is a three-aisled hall church. It holds 1,250 people. In the southwestern part of the church building is a tower. The church was inaugurated in September 1903. It was build following a design competition nine years earlier. Gustaf Hermansson won the competition. He also designed the Sofia Church. The church is located in the southeastern part of Östermalm. It is placed where Storgatan and Narvavägen meet near the Swedish History Museum. Together with nearby Strandvägen Narvavägen is one of the Stockholm's main boulevards. The road is lined with several residential palaces. The church is also visible from Narvavägen.

The church was named after king Oscar II of Sweden. Oscar II himself laid the foundation stone 1897. Construction work was delayed several times because of problems with the foundation and non-deliveries as well as labour strikes. This led to the church not being consecrated until 1903. The church was originally meant to be partly clad in brick. This was changed to a uniformly white façade, clad in limestone and marble. Construction was criticised from the start for its Gothic Revival. 

The church underwent several renovations during the 20th century. Between 1921–1923 major changes were done to the interior. During those years new stained glass windows designed by Emanuel Vigeland were added. The work was led under the direction of architect Lars Israel Wahlman. He had previously designed the Engelbrekt Church. Between 1954–1956 additional changes were made to the church interior. During those years the altarpiece was changed and some ornamental ceiling decorations were removed.

Gongchen Tower

Gongchen Tower was a historical monument located in the ancient city of Weishan in the Chinese province of Yunnan. The Gongchen tower was a city gate tower. It was built in 1390 during the Ming Dynasty. Built in wood, on January 3, 2015 the tower was burnt completely.

Noel Cobb

Noel Cobb (21 March 1938 – 2 January 2015) was an American-born British philosopher, psychologist, and author. He has published mostly books of poetry and non-fiction. He founded a charitable trust The London Convivium for Archetypal Studies. He is the author of "Prospero's Island: The Secret Alchemy at the Heart of The Tempest". He also worked with R. D. Laing.

Cobb was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He studied in Oslo, Norway from 1959 to 1966. He also studied the Tibetan language, Buddhism, therapy, and meditation in Nepal and India.

Cobb died on 2 January 2015 at the age of 75.


Power Rangers Ninja Storm

Power Rangers Ninja Storm is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2003. It debuted on ABC Kids. It aired from February 8 to November 22, 2003, 40 episodes. This was the first season filmed in New Zealand. It was the first season made entirely by Disney. It was the first season to have Australian and New Zealand actors (speaking in American accent). It is based on the Super Sentai series "Ninpuu Sentai Hurricaneger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Wild Force". A sequel to called "Power Rangers Dino Thunder" started in 2004.

Three rebellious students are the last ones remaining at their ninja academy after evil aliens attack the Earth. With mankind at the brink of destruction, the fate of the world lies in their hands.





Hubertus Ernst

Hubertus Cornelis Antonius "Huub" Ernst (8 April 1917 in Breda – 19 May 2017 in Breda) was a Dutch prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. During his life he was one of the oldest Roman Catholic bishops and one of oldest Dutch bishops. He was also a peace activist.

Ernst died at his home in Breda, Netherlands on 19 May 2017 at the age of 100.


Bolesław Pylak

Bolesław Pylak (20 August 1921 – 6 June 2019) was a Polish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. At the time of his death in 2019, he was oldest living Roman Catholic bishop in Poland. Pylak was born in Łopiennik Górny, Poland. 

He was ordained a priest on 29 June 1948 from Archdiocese of Lublin. He was appointed archbishop of the Archdiocese of Lublin on 27 June 1975 and served in that capacity until his retirement on 14 June 1997.


Yaeyama Islands

The Yaeyama Islands (八重山諸島 "Yaeyama-shotō", also 八重山列島 "Yaeyama-rettō", Yaeyama: "Yaima" Okinawan: "Eema") are an archipelago or group of islands in the southwest of Okinawa Prefecture, Japan. They cover . The islands are southwest of the Miyako Islands. They are part of the Ryukyu Islands archipelago. The Yaeyama Islands are the remotest part of Japan from the main islands. They contain Japan's most southern (Hateruma) and most western (Yonaguni) inhabited islands. The city of Ishigaki serves as the political, cultural, and economic head of the Yaeyama Islands.

The Yaeyama Islands have numerous species of subtropical plants and mangrove forests. The islands produce sugarcane and pineapples. Coral reefs around the islands are ideal habitats for dolphins, sea turtles, and larger fish such as Manta rays and Whale sharks. Before being wiped out by humans, whales and Dugongs were common. Yaeyama once had the largest population of Dugongs in the Ryukyu Islands. On Aragusuku Island, there is a "Utaki" which has laid to rest Dugongs with their skulls. Non-residents are not allowed to enter unless they get an okay from the locals. It is said that any aliens without permission will be driven out by force.

The islands form the southern part of the volcanic Ryukyu Islands. The administrative division of Yaeyama District covers all of the Yaeyama Islands, except Ishigaki and the disputed Senkaku Islands.


The native people of the Yaeyama Islands are the Yaeyama and Yonaguni peoples, both of whom are subgroups of a larger Ryukyuan ethnicity.

The Yaeyama language is the native language of the entire Yaeyama island chain, with the exception of Yonaguni, which is home to the Yonaguni language instead.

Because Japan suppressed both the Yaeyama and Yonaguni languages in the past, they are endangered, meaning there aren’t a lot of speakers left. The younger generation mainly speaks Japanese instead.

14 July: "Mushaama" Festival. On Hateruma Island, this harvest festival is celebrated during "Obon". It features a parade of the local fertility god "Miruku" and his children (the local children), "shishi" ("lion") dances, and staff dances.

The undersea Yonaguni monument is on the island of Yonaguni. The Yaeyama Islands are home to the production of traditional Yaeyaman textiles.



St. John's Church, Stockholm

Saint John's Church () is a church building in Norrmalm in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. The church was designed Carl Möller in the Gothic Revival style. It was completed in 1890.

St. John's Church

Saint John's Church may refer to:


St. John's Church, Malmö

Saint John's Church () is a church building near the Triangeln railway station in the Innerstaden district in the of Malmö in Sweden. The church was designed by Axel Anderberg in the Jugend style. It was built between 1903-1907.

Finnish Church, Stockholm

The Finnish Church (, ) is a church building in Gamla stan in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It belongs to the Stockholm Finnish Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened in 1725. It is located in what once was Lilla Bollhuset before it was rebuilt into a church.

Frida Appelgren

Frida Erika Appelgren, earlier married "Muranius", born 5 April 1981 in Malmö, Sweden, is a Swedish music artist. She scored a mid-2007 hit with the song "Dunka mig gul och blå". 

Together with Headline she participated at Melodifestivalen 2008 with the song "Upp o hoppa". The song ended up 10th in the finals.


Cen (surname)

Cen is a Chinese surname. It is a romanization of . Cen is listed 67th in the Song dynasty classic text "Hundred Family Surnames". As of 2008, it is the 235th most common surname in China. There are 340,000 people with this surname.

The surname Cen was first used during the Zhou Dynasty. Ji Qu, Ji Chang's nephew, was the first to use it. He used it because he controlled the area Cen Ting in Shanxi province. In honor of him, his children changed their name to Cen and posthumously named him Cen Zi. In 1368 Cen Tianbao surrendered to the first Emperor of the Ming Dynasty, Zhu Yuanzhang. He was then made prefect of Tianzhou. His descendants were prefects of Zhen'an and sub-prefects of Guishun. Among the chieftains of the Guangdong and Guangxi provinces, some of the most important were of the Cen surname. In the 15th and 16th centuries many were strong allies of the Ming Dynasty. During the Republic of China control of Mainland China, Cen Chunxuan became president of the military government of Guangzhou. 


Washington, Tyne and Wear

Washington is a new town in Sunderland, in the northeast of England. Historically it was part of County Durham. It joined a new county in 1974 with the creation of Tyne and Wear. Washington is an equal distance from the centres of Newcastle upon Tyne, Durham and Sunderland, and it has close ties to all three cities. It was named a new town in 1964. At the 2011 census, the town had a population of 67,085. 

Sometime before 1183, William de Hertburn acquired the manor of Washington Old Hall. De Hertburn changed his name to de Washington. George Washington, first President of the United States is a direct descendant of William de Hertburn.

Dalvik Church

The Dalvik Church () is a church building at Dalvik in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It is a Swedish Evangelical Mission church. It belongs to the Jönköping Sofia-Järstorp Parish of the Swedish Evangelical Mission. It was inaugurated on 8 February 1969 and expanded in 1985.

Bymarken Church

The Bymarken Church () is a church building at Bymarken in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Jönköping Sofia-Järstorp Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened in 1935.

Barnarp

Barnarp is a village in Jönköping Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2005, 724 people lived there.


Barnarp Church

Barnarp Church () is a church building in Barnarp it Sweden. It belongs to the Barnarp Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church is dated back to 13th century. It is supposed to have replaced an older wooden church.

Miyako Islands

The are a group of islands that are in Okinawa Prefecture, Japan, east of the Yaeyama Islands. They are between the Ryukyu Islands and Taiwan.

Miyako Island has 55,914 people. A bridge connects Miyako Island to Ikema Island. Ikema Island has 801 people. Tarama village has 1,214 people. It is between the islands of Minna and Tarama. 

The native people of the Miyako Islands are the Miyako people, who are a subgroup of a larger Ryukyuan ethnicity. 

The languages spoken on the islands include the native Miyako language and Japanese. Because Japan suppressed the Miyako language in the past, the younger generation mostly speaks Japanese instead. 


Bottnaryd Church

Bottnaryd Church () is a wooden church building in Bottnaryd in Sweden. It belongs to the Norra Mo Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was built in the late 17th century. It replaced a Medieval church demolished on 16 May 1666.

Ölmstad Church

Ölmstad Church () is a church building in Ölmstad in Sweden. It belogns to the Skärstad-Ölmstad Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church is supposed to be dated back to 12th century.

Tumby Bay, South Australia

Tumby Bay is a coastal town on the Spencer Gulf, on the eastern coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia. It is north of Port Lincoln. The town of Tumby Bay is the major population centre of the District Council of Tumby Bay. It is the centre of an agricultural district farming cereal crops and sheep. It also has fishing and tourism industries.

The bay was first explored and given the name "Tumby Bay" by Captain Matthew Flinders in 1802. It was named after a parish in Lincolnshire, England. In 1840 Governor Gawler renamed the bay "Harvey('s) Bay" after one other district's early settlers. Then on 15 November 1900 the town of "Tumby" was proclaimed by Governor Tennyson, and the name of the bay was changed to "Tumby Bay". On 14 June 1984 the town officially became known as "Tumby Bay".

The earliest European settlers to the district arrived in the 1840s. They farmed the area with wheat and sheep mostly. The town soon grew into an important grain storage and loading point. A jetty was built in 1874. It was the second jetty built on the Eyre Peninsula. This provided a much needed outlet for the copper ore which was coming from the Burrowing Mine. The original jetty was taken down in 1999 due to safety concerns. The newer jetty is still in use.
The town's first school was opened in 1881 as 'Tumby'. The district's first hospital opened in 1913.

Tumby Bay hosted the popular event Triple J's One Night Stand on 2 April 2011. It featured the bands Birds of Tokyo, Art vs. Science, The Jezabels, and local "Unearthed" musician Joshy Willo . The town's population swelled from 1000 to over 12,000 for the event.

Tumby Bay lies on the large, sheltered bay of the same name on the western side of Spencer Gulf. Most of the land around Tumby Bay is used for agriculture. The coast has white sandy beaches. The town is centered on the beaches. The town has towering cliffs to the south. 

Tumby Island is the only island in the bay. but further offshore is the Sir Joseph Banks Group. It a small archipelago that can be reached by boat from Tumby Bay.

Tumby Bay has a Mediterranean climate. There are warm to hot summers and slightly wet winters.

Since it was first settled, Tumby Bay has predominantly been an agriculturally driven town, with cereal crops, sheep and beef commonly farmed. As with many towns on the Eyre Peninsula, Tumby Bay also has a well-established professional fishing industry.

Tumby Bay is popular for holidays during the summer months. People come for the fishing, including King George Whiting and Snapper. Fishing can be enjoyed from the town jetty, the beaches and rock areas, or from a boat. In 2001, a marina was built. It allows all weather boat launching for a range of boat sizes. It opens up new real estate options. 

The safe calm waters and the white sand of the bay offer a variety of water sports. They include swimming, snorkelling, scuba diving, and water skiing. The town has a caravan park. There are also hotels and apartments which have places for tourists to stay. 

Tumby Bay had a town population of 1228 in the 2001 census. The majority are Australian born. Of those that immigrated (about 100 people), most are from the United Kingdom. Others coming from several European countries, the U.S., and New Zealand. There are a number of churches in the town. They include Anglican, Uniting and Lutheran Churches.

There are many sporting groups in the town. They include football, cricket, netball, basketball, tennis, bowls and golf clubs. Most of the clubs competing in local leagues.

The Tumby Bay Area School provides education for all students through to Year 12. A public library is located on the school grounds. A hospital is also in place to serve the health needs of the town.

Tumby Bay is in the District Council of Tumby Bay local government area. The current mayor is Laurie Collins. The town is also incorporated in the South Australian House of Assembly electoral district of Flinders and the Australian House of Representatives Division of Grey.

Tumby Bay is normally reached by private car via the Port Lincoln Highway that runs along the coastline of the Eyre Peninsula. The town does have an sealed airfield. It is not used for private flights. It is used for the Flying Doctor and crop spraying aircraft.

The town is serviced daily by Premier Stateliner coaches.

Land has been purchased north east of Tumby Bay for the purposes of developing a bulk commodities export port. The site has been referred to as Sheep Hill. The project now is called Port Spencer. Centrex Metals Ltd is the project proponent. The site is immediately north of Lipson Cove. The proposed port (if approved) will be capable of loading Capesize ships (either directly or by transshipment) for export of iron ore and potentially, grain.

Örserum Church

Örserum Church () is a church building in Örserum, Sweden. It belongs to the Gränna Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was completed in 1937.

Walter Ulbricht

Walter Ernst Paul Ulbricht (30 June 18931 August 1973) was a German communist politician. He was appointed leader of the East Germany aka the German Democratic Republic in 1950 by Joseph Stalin and was leader until 1971 just 18 year’s after Stalin’s Death in 1953 . Walter Ulbricht worked for Joseph Stalin (leader 1924-1953) Nikita Khrushchev (leader 1953/1955-1964) and Leonid Brezhnev (leader 1964-1982) from 1950-1971 . In 1961 he was leader when the Berlin Wall was built just 16 year’s after the Battle of Berlin in 1945 .

Ulbricht played a leading role in the creation of the Weimar-era Communist Party of Germany (KPD). He was a member of both the Landtag of Saxony and the Reichstag during the Weimar Republic.

Some time after Hitler's rise to power Ulbricht fled to France and later to the Soviet Union. As leader of the communist Ulbricht Group he returned to Berlin on April 30, 1945. He was the first secretary of the Socialist Unity Party (SED), and leading East Germany from 1950 to 1971. From President Wilhelm Pieck's death in 1960, he was also the East German head of state until his own death in 1973.

Besides being a sports fanatic, Ulbricht considered himself an expert on architecture and urban planning, and was therefore responsible for the destruction of several ancient buildings in East Germany.

He was also involved in intellectual activities by writing a series of books about the history of the German labor movement.


Gräshagen Church

The Gräshagen Church () is a church building at Gräshagen in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Jönköping Sofia-Järstorp Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on 1 December 1962.

Forserum

Forserum is a locality in Nässjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,039 people lived there.

Öggestorp Church

Öggestorp Church () is a church building in Öggestorp, Sweden. It belongs to the Rogberga-Öggestorp Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on 18 August 1883. It replaced replacing the old church. The older church was demolished in 1882.

Holmsund

Holmsund is a locality in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 5,489 people lived there. The locality is 18 kilometers south of the town of Umeå. Holmsund serves as a port for Umeå.

Obbola

Obbola is a locality in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,197 people lived there. The locality is located close to the town of Holmsund, and to the west of the mouth of Ume River at the Gulf of Bothnia. SCA is a major employer in the locality.

Röbäck

Röbäck is a town in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,230 people lived there.

Klockrike

Klockrike is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 272 people lived there.

Tjällmo

Tjällmo is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 557 people lived there.

Borensberg

Borensberg is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,886 people lived there.

Silly Symphony

Silly Symphony (also known as "Silly Symphonies") was a series of animated short films produced by Walt Disney Productions from 1929 to 1939. 

After the films changed to sound, Walt Disney began making Mickey Mouse and musical "Silly Symphony" shorts. To keep costs down Disney produced his own music. Disney's first music director and composer was Carl Stalling. The Mickey Mouse shorts used pop music while the Silly Symphony cartoons used Classical music. In 1932 the studio produced its first cartoon in Technicolor, "Flowers and Trees". The success of the song Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?, from the Silly Symphony short "Three Little Pigs" (1933), convinced Disney to keep producing original music. It was at this time Disney introduced the characters of Donald Duck, Goofy, Pluto and Minnie Mouse. Over its ten year run, "Silly Symphonies" had won Walt Disney the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film seven times, eventually tied with Bill Hanna and Joe Barbara's "Tom and Jerry's" record for most awards for a cartoon series in the category. It spawned numerous imitators and competitors (like Warner Bros' "Merrie Melodies" and "Looney Tunes)". United StatesFebruary 29, 1929 BrazilDecember 25, 1929 United KingdomJuly 21, 1930 UruguaySeptember 11, 1930 MexicoDecember 25, 1931 PortugalMarch 16, 1932 IrelandApril 3, 1932 GreeceApril 10, 1933 SwedenOctober 7, 1933- Argentinian in Chilean SpanishDecember 11, 1934

(Silly Symphony) IcelandFebruary 28, 1934 SpainMarch 23, 1935 ItalyApril 12, 1935 CanadaAugust 1, 1936 CzechoslovakiaDecember 17, 1936 Hong KongOctober 16, 1937 NorwayOctober 31, 1937 BulgariaDecember 25, 1938  SwitzerlandDecember 25, 1938 (German speaking region) Soviet UnionDecember 25, 1938 YugoslaviaJuly 31, 1938 FinlandNovember 4, 1938 PolandAugust 7, 1939 AustriaJanuary 12, 1939 DenmarkApril 2, 1939 West GermanyOctober 10, 1939 ThailandJune 13, 1939 BelgiumAugust 14, 1939 IndiaDecember 25, 1939 TurkeyAugust 15, 1939 JapanSeptember 23, 1939 South KoreaOctober 3, 1939 MaltaJuly 31, 1939 New ZealandJune 29, 1941 South AfricaJune 29, 1941 LebanonDecember 25, 1947 IranMarch 16, 1954 MoroccoMarch 16, 1954 EgyptMarch 26, 1954 IndonesiaJune 17, 1954 QatarJune 17, 1954 SingaporeJune 17, 1954 Sri LankaApril 26, 1965 KuwaitJune 4, 1966 IsraelNovember 8, 1971
The series also spawned a Disney media franchise which included the newspaper comic strip "Silly Symphony", the Dell comic book series "Silly Symphonies", as well as several children's books, many of which were based on "Silly Symphony" cartoons.

Power Rangers Dino Thunder

Power Rangers Dino Thunder is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2004. It aired on ABC Kids (and Jetix). It aired from February 7, to November 27, 2004, 40 episodes. The show is notable for bringing back Jason David Frank. He played Tommy Oliver (one of the most liked characters of the franchise) in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. It is based on the Super Sentai series "Bakuryu Sentai Abaranger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Ninja Storm". A sequel to it called "Power Rangers S.P.D." started in 2005.

A team of unlikely personalities join forces to help save the Earth from the scheming Mesogog, a dinosaur-like villain who wishes to destroy humankind.




Peterbilt

The Peterbilt Motors Company is an American company. It makes medium or heavy duty Class 5 through 8 trucks. 
The Peterbilt company started making trucks in 1939 and built 15 trucks that year. Their semi-trucks are made in different styles. 

The company can trace its roots to the Fageol Motor Company. It was a regional truck maker that started in Oakland, California in 1916. The company made automobiles, trucks and tractors. The company made trucks that could stand up to the tough conditions of the deserts and mountains of the western United States. In 1923 they shut down all other products to concentrate on trucks. They made trucks from the 1920s and 1930s. Due to the Great Depression, the company went into bankruptcy in 1932. It kept operating under control of its creditors but by 1938 was about to shut down. In 1939 the company assets were purchased by T.A. Peterman, a logger and businessman from Tacoma, Washington. The name Peterbilt was already being used by one of his wood products companies and was used for his new truck manufacturing company.


Kenworth

Kenworth is an American truck producer company. It makes medium and heavy duty class 8 trucks. The company used to also make school buses and transit buses.

The company was founded in 1923 as the successor to Gersix Motor Company. It is headquartered in the Seattle suburb of Kirkland, Washington.

The history of Kenworth begins in 1912 when was founded the company Gerlinger Motors in Portland, Oregon. It worked first as a dearship company owned by brothers Gerlingers. 

Fågelsta

Fågelsta is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 287 people lived there.

Fornåsa

Fornåsa is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 433 people lived there.

Godegård

Godegård is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 200 people lived there. The Mjölby-Hallsberg railway line runs through the village.

Nykyrka

Nykyrka is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 414 people lived there.

Österstad

Österstad is a locality in Motala Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 318 people lived there.

Cabu

Jean Cabut (13 January 1938 – 7 January 2015), better known as Cabu, was a French comic strip artist and caricaturist. He was best known for his work on the satirical newspaper "Charlie Hebdo".

Cabu was born in Châlons-en-Champagne. His son was singer Mano Solo.

Cabu was among the victims who were killed in a shooting at "Charlie Hebdo"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Paris headquarters on 7 January 2015. He was 76.

Charb

Stéphane Charbonnier (; 21 August 1967 – 7 January 2015), better known as Charb (), was a French cartoonist, journalist, and caricaturist. He was best known for his work on the satirical newspaper "Charlie Hebdo".

Charb was born in Conflans-Sainte-Honorine.

Charb was among the victims who were killed in a shooting at "Charlie Hebdo"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Paris headquarters on 7 January 2015. He was 47.

Stéphane Charbonnier was born in Conflans-Sainte-Honorine on 21 August 1967 and raised in Pontoise.


Tignous

Bernard Verlhac (21 August 1957 – 7 January 2015), better known as Tignous, was a French cartoonist and caricaturist. He was best known for his work on the satirical newspaper "Charlie Hebdo". He was born and grew up in Paris.

Tignous was among the victims who were killed in a shooting at "Charlie Hebdo"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Paris headquarters on 7 January 2015. He was 57.

Georges Wolinski

Georges Wolinski (28 June 1934 – 7 January 2015) was a French cartoonist, journalist and comic book writer. He is best known for his work on the satirical newspaper "Charlie Hebdo" and the daily newspaper "Libération". In 2005, he was awarded the Legion of Honour.

Wolinski was born in Tunis, Tunisia. His father was Polish and his mother was a Tunisian of Italian Jewish ancestry.

Wolinski was among the victims who were killed in a shooting at "Charlie Hebdo"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Paris headquarters on 7 January 2015. He was 80.

Bäckaby Old Church

Bäckaby Old Church () was a woooden church building in Sweden. The oldest pieces were dated back to the 1320s. The old wooden church was originally in Bäckaby outside Vetlanda. The church was later purchased by a private person and moved to the town park in Jönköping. In Jönköping, it was reopened on 31 August 1902. Back in Bäckaby, Bäckaby Old Church had been replaced by the newer Bäckaby Church in 1899.

On late Friday evening, 28 April 2000 a fire totally destroyed the church. Soon, it was learnt that the fire was caused by arson. Local press brought major attention to the fire when it appeared to be connected to satanism. and modern paganism. Many people missed the church because it had been popular a place for weddings and baptism.

In 2003 a memorial site was opened.


Kulla Chapel

Kulla Chapel () is a chapel in Eksjö Municipality in Sweden. It is located down country road 28 Eksjö and Nässjö. It belongs to the Höreda Parish of the Church of Sweden. The chapel was opened in 1927.

The chapel was destroyed in a fire on 27 May 2000. The fire was connected to Satanism However the chapel was rebuilt and reopened on 13 May 2001.


Södra Råda Old Church

Södra Råda Old Church () was a timbered church building in Gullspång Municipality in Sweden. The church was dated to the 14th century. It was one of the oldest preserved wooden churches in Sweden.

The church was destroyed by a fire on 12 November 2001.

Blank Space

"Blank Space" is a 2014 song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song is about the way the media sees Swift and her relationships. The song is an electropop single. It has been compared to New Zealand singer-songwriter Lorde's musical style.

"Blank Space" was released on November 10, 2014. It received positive reviews from music critics. It reached #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, which made it become her second number-one single from "1989" (after "Shake It Off") and her third number-one single overall.

Nightcrawler

Nightcrawler is a 2014 American crime thriller movie. It is set in Los Angeles. It is about a petty thief who becomes a photojournalist. There is a home invasion. Jake Gyllenhaal plays Louis. Rene Russo plays Nina. Bill Paxton plays Joe. 

The movie was released on October 31, 2014. It got positive reviews from movie critics. It made US$38.3 million.


Home invasion

A home invasion is when a criminal illegally goes into someone's home intending to use violence against the people inside. The criminal usually plans to commit assault, murder, rape, robbery or kidnapping. 

The term "home invasion" was first used in 1912.

Indonesia AirAsia Flight 8501

Indonesia AirAsia Flight 8501 was a passenger flight from Surabaya to Singapore. The plane was an Airbus A320. On December 28 2014, the airplane crashed due to technical failure and bad weather in the Java Sea, Indonesia. All 162 people on the plane were killed. Human bodies and debris began surfacing two days after the incident. The plane was said to have lost contact with air traffic control 42 minutes after takeoff. The plane wreckage and bodies of the passengers were pulled from the Java Sea in the waters of Kalimantan, the Indonesian part of Borneo island, The Guardian reported.

According to the reports, investigators traced the failure of both the rudder and computer systems to a cracked solder joint inside circuit boards. The rudder system had experienced problems 23 times since January 2014, reported the aircraft maintenance team.

Flight 8501 had 155 passengers and seven crew members on board. The passenger list consisted of 137 adults, 17 children and one infant. The crew consisted of two pilots, 4 flight attendants and a company engineer. The crash victims included people from Indonesia, Malaysia, South Korea, France, Singapore and the United Kingdom.

The Captain was 53-year-old Iriyanto, an Indonesian pilot who had 20,537 flying hours.

The First Officer was 46-year old Rémi Emmanuel Plesel, a French pilot who had 2,247 flying hours.

Åby, Norrköping Municipality

Åby is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,980 people lived there.

Kimstad

Kimstad is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,510 people lived there.

Bernice Madigan

Bernice Madigan (July 24, 1899 – January 3, 2015) was an American supercentenarian and one of the last surviving person in the world who was born in the 1800s or the 19th century. She was the oldest living resident of Massachusetts, the fourth-oldest living person in the United States, and the world's fifth-oldest living person at the time of her death.

A lifelong Republican, she attended the Inauguration of Warren G. Harding in 1921, and cited Dwight D. Eisenhower and Ronald Reagan as her favorite U.S. Presidents. "Reagan accomplished more for the government. Eisenhower I thought was very good in some ways in the White House. I liked them both very much."

Madigan met her husband, Paul, in Washington, and they were married 50 years. Paul died in 1976. She has outlived a brother, Roy Emerson, and a sister, Marilyn Emerson Martin.

Madigan died in Cheshire, Massachusetts, aged 115.


Ljunga

Ljunga is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 688 people lived there.

Skärblacka

Skärblacka is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,059 people lived there. In everyday use, the town is known as simply "Blacka".

Vånga

Vånga is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 220 people lived there. The locality is located north of Lake Roxen.

Lindö

Lindö is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,915 people lived there.

Simonstorp

Simonstorp is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 258 people lived there.

Strömsfors

Strömsfors is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 528 people lived there.

Norsholm

Norsholm is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 615 people lived there. The locality is located circa 15 kilometers southwest of the town Norrköping, near the E4 and Göta kanal.

Östra Husby

Östra Husby is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 792 people lived there. The locality is located 20 kilometers east of Norrköping and 16 kilometers northeast of Söderköping.

Åselstad

Åselstad is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 475 people lived there.

Julio Scherer García

Julio Scherer García (7 April 1926 – 7 January 2015) was a Mexican author and journalist. He was the editor of the Mexican newspaper "Excelsior" from 1968 to 1976. He also was the founder of the news magazine "Proceso".

Garcia died in Mexico City from septic shock, aged 88.

Bernard Maris

Bernard Maris (23 September 19467 January 2015) was a French economist, writer and journalist. He was also a shareholder in "Charlie Hebdo" magazine. He was born in Toulouse, France.

Maris was murdered in January 2015, in the "Charlie Hebdo" shooting at the headquarters of the magazine in Paris.

Charlie Hebdo shooting

On 7 January 2015, at approximately 11:30 CET (10:30 UTC), three masked gunmen armed with Kalashnikov rifles, a shotgun, and a rocket-propelled grenade launcher stormed the headquarters of the French satirical magazine "Charlie Hebdo" in Paris. They shot and killed 12 people, including "Charlie Hebdo" staff and two French National police officers, and wounded 11 others. In Niger churches and cars were burned in protest of Muhammed on the cover of "Charlie Hebdo".

The gunmen entered the building and began shooting with automatic weapons, while shouting ""Allahu Akbar"". Up to 50 shots were fired during the attack. Following a massive manhunt, the French police believe they have located the attackers and are mounting an operation against them. On Twitter people used the hashtag #JeSuisCharlie to show support for freedom of speech after the shooting. It is similiar to Monkseaton Shooting.

"Charlie Hebdo" is an antireligious left-wing newspaper. In 2011 the newspaper's office was firebombed because the cover of an issue of the newspaper called "Charia Hebdo" had a cartoon of Prophet Muhammad on it. The newspaper's editor-in-chief Stéphane "Charb" Charbonnier was added to Al-Qaeda's most wanted list in 2013.


Saïd Kouachi and Chérif Kouachi were identified by French police as the main suspects in the shooting. The two Franco-Algerian brothers, both from Gennevilliers, are aged 34 and 32, respectively. In 2008, Chérif Kouachi was convicted of terrorism charges and sentenced to three years in prison, along with 18 months of suspension, for having assisted in sending fighters to Iraq's insurgency.

Hamyd Mourad, an 18-year-old homeless man of unknown nationality, was identified by the police as a third suspect in the shooting.

Charlie Hebdo

Charlie Hebdo (French pronunciation: []; French for "Weekly Charlie") is a French satirical weekly newspaper, featuring cartoons, reports, and jokes. It was founded by Georges Bernier and François Cavanna in 1970.

The stories and cartoons they publish are very left-wing and anarchist, with primarily political satire. Following a long tradition in France, called anti-clericalism, the magazine strongly criticized all religions; it has often published caricatures of Jews, Muslims or Christians (especially Catholics). Some Islamic fundamentalists were offended at some cartoons, and repeatedly sent death threats to the journalists of "Charlie Hebdo".

On 7 January 2015, there was a massacre at their office, in which six journalists and cartoonists were killed. This massacre was a shock to millions of people in the world. It was felt to many people like an attack on the freedom of speech, which is an essential part of a democracy.

Per-Olof Åstrand

Per-Olof Åstrand (October 21, 1922 – January 2, 2015) was a Swedish professor of physiology. He worked at the Royal Gymnastic Central Institute (GCI/GIH) in Stockholm 1970-1977, and 1977-1988 at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Sweden. He was a member of the Nobel Assembly at Karolinska Institutet (1977–1988). Åstrand is considered a "pioneer", "legend" and one of the "founding fathers" of modern exercise physiology.


Lance Diamond

Lance Diamond (July 3, 1945 – January 4, 2015) was an American lounge singer and radio personality from Buffalo, New York. His career spanned over 40 years. He often called himself the "Love Doctor," getting the name from his #1 radio show, "Saturday Night Fever" which he hosted every Saturday night.

Diamond died on January 4, 2015, aged 68, a few days after being hospitalized due to heart complications that prevented him from performing his annual New Year's Eve show. He was unmarried and had no children.

Stu Miller

Stuart Leonard "Stu" Miller (December 26, 1927 – January 4, 2015) was a former American pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals (1952–1956), Philadelphia Phillies (1956), New York/San Francisco Giants (1957–1962), Baltimore Orioles (1963–1967) and Atlanta Braves (1968). 

He batted and threw right-handed. In a 16-season career, Miller posted a 105–103 record with a 3.24 earned run average, 1164 strikeouts, and 154 saves in 704 games pitched (93 as a starter).

Miller died January 4, 2015, in Cameron Park, California, aged 87 after a brief illness.

Vlastimil Bubník

Vlastimil Bubník (; 18 March 1931 – 6 January 2015) was a Czech ice hockey player and footballer.

Bubník was born in Kelč, Czechoslovakia, and played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga. He played for HC Brno and Královo Pole. He also won a bronze medal at the 1964 Winter Olympics. He was inducted into the International Ice Hockey Federation Hall of Fame in 1997.


Joy Ali

Zulfikar Joy Ali (22 December 1978 – 5 January 2015) was an Indo-Fijian boxer. Ali was once ranked 13th in the world and, in October 2005, was ranked 15th by the WBA in the Super welterweight division. He beat Gary Comers for the PABA title. He was the brother of Junior Farzan Ali.

King Sporty

Noel G. Williams (September 19, 1943 – January 5, 2015), better known as King Sporty, was a Jamaican DJ, reggae musician, and record producer for the Tashamba and Konduko labels. He is best known for writing the song, "Buffalo Soldier", made famous by Bob Marley. He was born in Portland, Jamaica.

Sporty died on January 5, 2015 in Miami, Florida, United States, aged 71.

Sentai

In Japanese, is a military unit and may be literally translated as squadron, "task force", "group" or "wing". The terms "regiment" and "flotilla", while sometimes used as translations of "Sentai", are also used to refer to larger formations. Sentai television series are Live-action shows with young heros in spandex fighting monsters with their martial arts.

It is a term used during World War II by the military of the Empire of Japan. Imperial Japanese Army (IJA) and Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) Air Service sentai units were equivalent to a group or wing in other air forces. However, the term had slightly different meanings in the IJA and the IJN. The Japanese navy sentai were squadrons of four ships (battleships and cruisers). Japanese submarines were also grouped in sentai.

The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers debuted on television in the US in 1993. They are based on Super Sentai shows from Japan. Here the term means "group fighters". It is a group of five color-coded fighters familiar to young Japanese viewers since the 1975 debut of "Go Renjaa" (five Rangers). 

Khan Bonfils

Khan Bonflis (Kan Bonflis; c. 1972 – January 5, 2015) was a British actor of Asian origin. He was known for his small roles in "Tomorrow Never Dies", "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow", "", "Batman Begins", and in "Skyfall".

Bonflis died while rehearsing for a play in London, aged 42.

Jean-Pierre Beltoise

Jean-Pierre Maurice Georges Beltoise (26 April 1937 – 5 January 2015) was a French Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and Formula One driver. He raced for the Matra and BRM teams. François Cevert was his brother-in-law (his wife's brother). He competed in 88 Grands Prix achieving one win and eight podium finishes. He was born in Paris.

Beltoise died at his holiday home in Dakar, Senegal, on 5 January 2015, aged 77, following two strokes .

Pino Daniele

Pino Daniele (19 March 1955 – 4 January 2015) was an Italian singer-songwriter, and guitarist. He was born in Naples, Italy. He was known for his songs; "Passi d'autore" of 2004" and "Il Fatto Quotidiano".

On January 5th, 2015, it was announced via Instagram by Daniele's longtime friend Eros Ramazzotti that he had died from a heart attack between 4 and 5 January. Daniele is considered to have been one of the best singer-songwriters in Italian history. Daniele's death was confirmed at 10:45pm at "Sant'Eugenio" Hospital in Rome (Italy) on 4 January.

Philippe Honoré

Philippe Honoré (; 25 November 1941 – 7 January 2015), known by the pen-name Honoré, was a French cartoonist. He was born in Vichy, France. Honoré worked with the newspaper company Charlie Hebdo during most of his career. He was a staff cartoonist there.

Honoré died on January 7, 2015, during the January 2015 shooting attack on the "Charlie Hebdo" newspaper office. 

Professeur Choron

Georges Bernier (21 September 1929 – 10 January 2005), more commonly known as Le Professeur Choron, was a French humorist. He was the founder of "Hara Kiri magazine" and helped discover "Charlie Hebdo", a satirical newspaper.

Swiss Chalet

Swiss Chalet is a Canadian chain of casual dining restaurants. Swiss Chalet was started in 1954 in Toronto, Ontario. The restaurant chain is owned by Cara Operations. Swiss chalet's signature food is rotisserie chicken. Their signature dish is the Quarter Chicken Dinner, either a roasted chicken leg or breast with "Chalet Sauce", a bread roll, and a side dish of the customers choice. Other combinations up to and including a whole chicken are also available.

The first Swiss Chalet restaurant was opened at 234 Bloor Street West in Toronto and it operated for 52 years. This restaurant was closed in 2006 and it was demolished in 2009 to make way for condominiums.

In 2008, Swiss Chalet food products were added to Air Canada to be on their buy-on-board menu.


Jethro Pugh

Jethro Pugh, Jr. (July 3, 1944 – January 7, 2015) was an American football player. He played as a defensive tackle and a defensive end in the National Football League (NFL) for the Dallas Cowboys from 1965 until 1978. Pugh retired on January 29, 1979.

Pugh was born in Windsor, North Carolina. He attended Elizabeth City State University in Elizabeth City, North Carolina.

Pugh died on January 7, 2015 in Dallas, Texas, aged 70.

Tim Roberts

Timothy "Tim" Roberts (December 27, 1976 – January 7, 2015), also known by his ring names "The Arsonist" or "El Piromaniaco" Tim Arson, was an American professional wrestler. He made his first wrestling appearance in 2001, and was signed by both WWE and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). He was trained by Johnny Rodz. He competed in shows and tournaments over the United States and Puerto Rico.

Roberts was born in Staten Island, New York City.

Roberts died on January 7, 2015 in Haskell, New Jersey, aged 38.


Kep Enderby

Keppel Earl "Kep" Enderby (25 June 1926 – 8 January 2015) was an Australian politician and judge. He was a member of the House of Representatives for the Australian Labor Party between 1970 and 1975. He also became a senior cabinet minister in the Gough Whitlam government. After politics, he was became a Justice of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, serving from 1982 to 1992. He was the president of the Universal Esperanto Association from 1998 to 2001.

Enderby was born in Dubbo, New South Wales. He was married to Dot and lived in Sydney.

Enderby died on 8 January 2015 at the age of 88.


Intel Core i5

Intel Core i5 is a name that Intel uses for the computer processors it makes for desktop and laptop computers. 

The first Core i5 is a version of the earlier Core i7, the Lynnfield core. Lynnfield Core i5 processors have an 8 MB L3 cache. They have a DMI (Direct Media Interface) bus running at 2.5 GT/s. Core i5 also has support for dual-channel DDR SDRAM memory and have Hyper-threading disabled. A new feature called Turbo Boost Technology was introduced which maximizes speed for demanding computer programs. This increases performance to match the amount of work the computer must do.

The Core i5-5xx mobile processors are named Arrandale. They are based on the 32nm Westmere shrink of the Nehalem microarchitecture. Arrandale processors have integrated graphics capability but only two processor cores. They were released in January 2010. Clarkdale, is the desktop version of Arrandale. These are the first processors to have integrated video. It has Hyper-Threading enabled and the full 4 MB L3 cache.

Svartbyn

Svartbyn is a locality in Överkalix Municipality, in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 265 people lived there.

Tallvik

Tallvik is a locality in Överkalix Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 434 people lived there.

Vittsjö

Vittsjö is a locality in Hässleholm Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,665 people lived there.

Yngsjö

Yngsjö is a locality in Kristianstad Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 302 people lived there. The Yngsjö murder took place here in 1889.

Morgongåva

Morgongåva is a locality in Heby Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,409 people lived there.

Östervåla

Östervåla is a locality in Heby Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,595 people lived there.

St. Peter's Church, Stockholm

The Saint Peter's Church () is church building at Norrmalm in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It was designed by Erik Lallerstedt. The church was built in the Art Nouveau style 1900-1901.

Immanuel Church, Stockholm

Immanuel Church () is church building located in the central parts of the town of Stockholm in Sweden. The church was designed by Sture Frölén. It was built in 1974. The lot it was built on earlier housed a tram depot at the intersection of Birger Jarlsgatan and Kungstensgatan. 

The entire block consists of offices and a hotel. The block was built between 1970–1974 on behalf of the church. The church has been considered a nice example of 1970s modernist architecture. It is of major historical value according to the Stockholm City Museum. 

German Church, Gothenburg

The German Church (, ), also called Christinae Church (, ), is a church building in the central parts of the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It was named after queen Christina of Sweden. The church was opened in 1748. It is used by the German Parish of the Church of Sweden in Gothenburg. 

Cookie Clicker

Cookie Clicker is a JavaScript-based incremental game made by French programmer Julien Thiennot.

The point of the game is to bake cookies as fast as possible. To start the game, a player burns cookies by clicking on a giant cookie. One cookie is gained each time it is clicked. With sufficient cookies to use as currency, a player can buy items and upgrades that will bake more cookies. They will also increase the number of cookies per click. There is no true end to the game.

German Church, Stockholm

The German Church (, ), sometimes called Saint Gertrude's Church (), is a church in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm in Sweden. It belongs to the German Saint Gertrude Parish of the Church of Sweden.


German Church

German Church may refer to:



Immanuel Church, Jönköping

The Immanuel Church () is a church building at the street of Oxtorgsgatan in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Uniting Church in Sweden. The church was built in 1975. It was opened in 1976.


Emmanuel Church

The Emmanuel Church or Immanuel Church may refer to:


Swedish Pentecostal Movement

The Swedish Pentecostal Movement () is a Protestant community. On 31 December 2011 it consisted of 463 congregations. Together they make up the Swedish pentecostalism movement. The movement came to Sweden by 1906-1907.


Philadelphia Church

The Philadelphia Church () is a church building at Rörstrandsgatan 7 in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It belongs to the Swedish Pentecostal Movement. The church was inaugurated on 2 November 1930.

Statistics Sweden

Statistics Sweden (, ) is the Swedish government agency that makes the official statistics for Sweden. National statistics in Sweden were first created in 1686 when the Church of Sweden was told to start keeping records on the population. Before the SBC, the Office of Tables (""), was set up in 1749. The current name was changed in 1858.

Since 2008, the agency had about 1,400 employees. The offices of the agency are in Stockholm and Örebro. Statistics Sweden prints the "Journal of Official Statistics".


Garphyttan

Garphyttan is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,619 people lived there. The locality is located 16 kilometers northwest of the town of Örebro. It is located near the Garphyttan National Park.

Media franchise

A media franchise, also known as a multimedia franchise and transmedia franchise, is a collection of related media in which several derivative works have been produced from an original creative work of fiction, such as a movie, a work of literature, a television program or a video game. The fictional universe also from media franchises of all time. 

The greatest best known famous original media feature series including Disney (Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, etc.), DC Comics (Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, etc.) and Marvel Comics (Spider-Man, Hulk, X-Men, etc.).

Multimedia franchises usually develop through a character or fictional world becoming popular in one medium, and then expanding to others through licensing agreements, with respect to intellectual property in the franchise's characters and settings. Disney, DC Comics and Marvel Comics famous franchises including Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Spider-Man, Hulk and X-Men. As one author explains, "For the studios, a home-run is a film from which a multimedia 'franchise' can be generated; the colossally expensive creation of cross-media conglomerates predicated on synergistic rewards provides an obvious imperative to develop such products." The trend later developed wherein franchises would be launched in multiple forms of media simultaneously; for instance, the movie "The Matrix Reloaded" and the video game "Enter the Matrix" were produced at the same time, using the same actors on the same sets, and released on the same day. Several other franchises throughout the 2000s had movies and games released within days of each other, including "King Kong", "Star Wars", "Harry Potter", Disney, DC Comics, Marvel Comics, "The Lord of the Rings", "The Chronicles of Narnia", "Pirates of the Caribbean", and "Transformers".

Long-running franchises were common in the early studio era, when Hollywood studios had actors and directors under long-term contract. Examples include Andy Hardy, Ma and Pa Kettle, Mickey Mouse, Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Marilyn Monroe, Bulldog Drummond, Superman, Wonder Woman, Spider-Man, Hulk, X-Men, Tarzan, and Batman. The longest-running modern movie franchises include "James Bond", "Godzilla" and "King Kong", "Friday the 13th", "A Nightmare on Elm Street", "Universal Monsters", and "Star Trek". In such cases, even lead actors are often replaced as they age, lose interest, or their characters.

Non-fiction literary franchises include the "For Dummies" and "Complete Idiot's Guides" reference books. An enduring and comprehensive example of a media franchise is Playboy Enterprises, which began expanding well beyond its successful magazine, "Playboy", within a few years after its first publication, into such enterprises as a modeling agency, several television shows ("Playboy's Penthouse", in 1959), and even its own television channel. Twenty-five years later, Playboy released private clubs and restaurants, movie theaters, a radio show, direct to video movies, music and book publishing (including original works in addition to its anthologies of cartoons, photographs, recipes, advice, articles or fiction that had originally appeared in the magazine), footwear, clothing of every kind, jewelry, housewares (lamps, clocks, bedding, glassware), guitars and gambling, playing cards, pinball machines and pet accessories, billiard balls, bedroom appurtenances, enhancements, plus countless other items of merchandise.


Grythyttan

Grythyttan is a locality in Hällefors Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 891 people lived there.

Seventh-day Adventist Church in Sweden

The Seventh-day Adventist Church in Sweden () is a Seventh-day Adventist denomination in Sweden. The first Seventh-day Adventist Church congregation in Sweden was established in Grythyttan in 1880. Circa 40 Swedish Seventh-day Adventist denominations were around in Sweden during the early 2000s. Most of them existed in Central Sweden.


Christian Council of Sweden

The Christian Council of Sweden () is an echumenical Christian organization in Sweden. It was established on 15 December 1992.

Following denominations were members in 2013:








Canada men's national ice hockey team

The Canadian National Men's Ice Hockey Team (also known as Team Canada) is the ice hockey team for Canada. The team is run by Hockey Canada, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. From 1920 until 1963 Canada did not have one national hockey team. Instead, several senior amateur club teams played for Canada . Canada's national men's team was created in 1963 by Father David Bauer as a part of the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association. This team played out of the University of British Columbia. During the 1972 Summit Series, the name "Team Canada" was first used. 

Team Canada has been one of the leading national ice hockey teams playing around the world. They won the 1972 Summit Series against the Soviet Union, four of five Canada Cups since 1976, nine Olympic gold medals (the most of any hockey nation); Salt Lake City 2002, Vancouver 2010, and Sochi 2014. They are 25-time IIHF World Champions and winner of the 2004 World Cup of Hockey.

From 1920 to 1963 the senior amateur club teams that played for Canada were usually the most recent Allan Cup champions. The last amateur club team from Canada to win a gold medal at the World Championship was the Trail Smoke Eaters in 1961. After the 1963 World Championships, Father David Bauer founded the national team to play hockey for Canada in games around the world. This new team had it's first games at the 1964 Winter Olympics.

Before the Soviet Union began playing international hockey in 1954, Canada won most of the international hockey games. Team Canada won six out of seven golds at the Olympics and 10 World Championship gold medals. After Canada won the Winter Olympic Gold medal in 1952, they did not win another gold medal for 50 years. From 1962 to 1993 the team was not able to win any World Championships. It was difficult for Team Canada to win because the country's best professional players were not able to play for Team Canada. Instead, they were playing for their National Hockey League teams.

Canada stopped playing in IIHF events in 1970 and Team Canada stopped playing in any games after the team was told they could not use semi-professional players at the World Championship. Canada once again began playing in the IIHF in 1977 after the IIHF President Dr. Sabetzki and top officials of professional ice hockey in Canada and the United States were able to come to an agreement. They agreed that professionals would be allowed to play hockey at the World Championship and the tournament would be scheduled later in the year. This allowed players from the NHL to play, after their teams were no longer playing in the Stanley Cup playoffs. They also agreed to create the "Canada Cup". This championship would be played every four years in North America. Canada, the United States, and the four best European national teams would play in this championship.

In 1983, Hockey Canada began the "Program of Excellence". This program was made to help prepare a team for the Winter Olympics every four years. This new National Team played a full season together all over the world against both national and club teams. Young players hoping to play in the NHL would play on this new team. In 1986, the International Olympic Committee voted to allow professional athletes to compete in Olympic Games, starting in 1988. This allowed many experienced NHL players to join the team. In 1998 the NHL decided to stop letting players compete in the Olympics, so the Program of Excellence was shut down.

After not winning a gold medal for 33 years, Canada won the 1994 World Championship in Italy. Since 1994, Team Canada won in 1997, 2003, 2004, and 2007. Canada won its first Olympic gold medal in 50 years at Salt Lake City 2002. At Vancouver 2010, Canada won the gold medal with a 3–2 win against the United States in the final. Sidney Crosby's overtime goal won Canada the final gold medal awarded at the Games. At the 2012 World Championship in Finland and Sweden, Ryan Murray became the first draft eligible prospect to represent Canada at the Ice Hockey World Championship.

After winning the Gold medal in the 2010 Winter Olympics, Team Canada was able to win gold again at the Sochi 2014 Olympic games. This was the first time a team had won Gold medals twice in a row since the Soviet Union in 1988. Team Canada was also the first to finish the tournament without losing any games since 1984. The team played so well that it was said they may be the best team that Canada had ever had. Drew Doughty and Shea Weber scored the most goals for the team, while Jonathan Toews scored the gold medal-winning goal in the first period of a 3–0 win over Sweden in the final. After the 2014 Olympics Steve Yzerman, stepped down as general manager of the team. In 2015, Team Canada was able to win their first hockey World Championship since 2007.

Roster for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, from February 8–23, 2014.

Roster for the 2014 IIHF World Championship in Minsk, Belarus, from May 9–25, 2014.


Roster for the 2014 Spengler Cup in Davos, Switzerland, from December 26–31, 2014.


All Olympic ice hockey tournaments between 1920 and 1968 also counted as World Championships. Team Canada has won a total of 15 Olympic medals.

All Olympic ice hockey tournaments between 1920 and 1968 also counted as World Championships. The 1920 Olympics were the first world championship. IIHF World Championships were not held during the Winter Olympic years of 1980, 1984 or 1988.




In the Spengler Cup, Team Canada competes against European club teams such as HC Davos who host the tournament every year in Vaillant Arena. Canada was initially represented by the standing national team at this event, but subsequently is usually made up of Canadians playing in European leagues or the AHL.

List of coaches of the Canada men's national ice hockey team.

Olympics

Summit Series, Canada Cup, World Cup

World Championships


David Rolfe (swimmer)

David John Rolfe (26 June 1964 – 7 January 2015) was an Australian swimmer and Paralympian. He won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in the Men's 4x100 m Medley 34 pts event in Sydney.

Rolfe was born in Inverell, New South Wales. He was married with one child and lived on the Gold Coast in Queensland.

Rolfe died from complications relating to heart surgery on 7 January 2015 on the Gold Coast. He was 50.

Lethal Weapon 4

Lethal Weapon 4 is a 1998 comedy-action movie. Danny Glover plays Roger. Mel Gibson plays Martin. Rene Russo plays Lorna Cole. Chris Rock plays Lee.

The movie was released on July 10, 1998. It got mixed to negative reviews from critics. However, it made about $285 million.


Lethal Weapon 3

Lethal Weapon 3 is a 1992 comedy-action movie. Mel Gibson plays Martin, Danny Glover plays Roger, Joe Pesci plays Leo and Rene Russo plays Lorna Cole.

This movie was released on May 15, 1992. It got mixed reviews. It made over US$320 million.



Bonnie

Bonnie [bon-ee] is a given name. It is usually used for females. Some males also have the name. It comes from the Scottish word "bonnie", which means "pretty" or "attractive". There are several celebrities with the name, including Bonnie Franklin and Bonnie Raitt.This name was ranked #513 on the US Popular Names in 2021.



In 1986 and 1998, hurricanes with the name "Bonnie" struck certain parts of the United States. The 1998 storm caused between $700 million and $1 billion in damage in North Carolina. The name is still being used on Atlantic hurricanes.

Tadeusz Konwicki

Tadeusz Konwicki (22 June 1926 – 7 January 2015) was a Polish screenwriter and movie director. He was a member of the Polish Language Council. He was known for his movies "A Tale of Adam Mickiewicz's 'Forefathers' Eve", "Kronika wypadków milosnych" and "Mother Joan of the Angels". Konwicki was born in present day Naujoji Vilnia, Lithuania.

Konwicki died in Warsaw, Poland, aged 88.


Staryl C. Austin

Staryl Chester Austin, Jr. (September 16, 1920 – January 1, 2015) was an American brigadier general in the United States Air Force. He was a former Assistant Adjutant General of Oregon and 142nd Fighter Group’s Air Officer, Chief of the Administrative Division. He was a member of the Oregon Aviation Hall of Honor. 

Austin died on January 1, 2015 at the age of 94.

Andraé Crouch

Andraé Edward Crouch (July 1, 1942 – January 8, 2015) was an American gospel singer, songwriter, arranger, recording artist, record producer, and pastor. He was known for his compositions "The Blood Will Never Lose Its Power", "My Tribute (To God Be the Glory)", and "Soon and Very Soon". In the 1980s, he led choirs that sang on the Michael Jackson hit "Man in the Mirror" as well as Madonna's "Like a Prayer".

Crouch was born in San Francisco, California. He was co-pastor at the Christ Memorial Church in Pacoima, Los Angeles with his twin sister, Sandra.

Crouch died from a heart attack on January 8, 2015 in Los Angeles, California, aged 72.


Jan Olszewski

Jan Ferdynand Olszewski (20 August 1930 in Warsaw – 7 February 2019 in Warsaw) was a Polish lawyer and political figure. He is best known for serving as Prime Minister of the Republic of Poland from 1991 to 1992.

Olszewski died after a long illness on 7 February 2019 in a Warsaw hospital, aged 88.

Józef Oleksy

Józef Oleksy (22 June 1946 – 9 January 2015) was a Polish left-wing politician and economist. He served as the seventh Prime Minister of Poland from 7 March 1995 until 7 February 1996. He was also the former chairman of the Democratic Left Alliance (Sojusz Lewicy Demokratycznej, SLD). From 1968 to 1990, he was a member of the communist Polish United Workers' Party.

Oleksy was born in Nowy Sącz, Lesser Poland Voivodeship. He was an atheist before becoming a Roman Catholic.

Oleksy died from cancer on 9 January 2015 in Warsaw, aged 68.

Mompati Merafhe

Lt. Gen. Mompati Sebogodi Merafhe (6 June 1936 – 7 January 2015) was a Botswanan politician. He was Vice-President of Botswana from 2008 to 2012. He was a Lieutenant-General and was Botswana's Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1994 to 2008.

Theo van Gogh

Theodoor "Theo" van Gogh (; 23 July 19572 November 2004) was a Dutch movie director, movie producer, columnist, author and actor who was murdered in 2004 because of his own film. He was born in The Hague, Netherlands. His great-great uncle was artist Vincent van Gogh.

Van Gogh worked with the Somali-born writer and politician Ayaan Hirsi Ali to produce the short movie "Submission" (2004), which criticized the treatment of women in Islam. The last movie Van Gogh had completed before his death, "06/05", was a fictional exploration of the assassination of Dutch politician Pim Fortuyn.

On 2 November 2004, Van Gogh was mortally shot, stabbed and then slitting his throat by Mohammed Bouyeri, a Dutch-Moroccan Muslim in Amsterdam. He died at the scene. He was 47 years old.

In 2005, Mohammed Bouyeri was charged with the premeditated murder of Van Gogh, the attempted murder of several police officers and bystanders, illegal possession of firearms, obstructing the work of Hirsi Ali as a member of parliament and threatening her with a terrorist act.
A life sentence carries no possibility of parole in the Netherlands, but convicts can be released after receiving a royal pardon.
Whether Bouyeri would like a pardon from the queen is another matter. In a dramatic final speech to the court at the end of his trial two weeks ago, he said he wanted to receive the maximum punishment and warned that he would do the same again if he were freed.

Elsa Cayat

Elsa Cayat () (9 March 1960 – 7 January 2015) was a French psychoanalyst and columnist. She had a biweekly column "Le Divan" ('"The Couch") in "Charlie Hebdo". The column was based on facts she hated about society. Cayat was also the author of several works on the couple and sexuality, one with the participation of Antonio Fischetti, physics teacher and researcher.

Cayat died in the January 2015 shooting attack on the "Charlie Hebdo" newspaper offices in Paris, aged 54.

Tihomir Novakov

Tihomir Novakov, Ph.D known also as Tica Novakov (March 16, 1929 – January 2, 2015) was an Serbian-born American physicist. As a scientist, Novakov was known for his black carbon, air quality, and climate change research. James Hansen dubbed him "the godfather of black carbon." He was born in Sombor, Serbia.

Novakov died on January 2, 2015 in Kensington, California from natural causes, aged 85.

Kiruna Church

Kiruna Church () is a church building in the town of Kiruna in Sweden. It was built in the early 20th century. The church belongs to the Jukkasjärvi Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was opened on 8 December 1912 by bishop Olof Bergqvist.


Ray McFall

Andrew Raymond "Ray" McFall (26 November 1926 – 8 January 2015) was a British businessman. He owned The Cavern Club in Liverpool and was well known for promoting The Beatles during the early 1960s.

McFall was born in Garston, south Liverpool. He married Shirley Wilkins in 1952, and had six children with her: three sons and three daughters. He retired in 1999.

McFall died on 8 January 2015 at the age of 88.

Joseph Djida

Joseph Djida (8 April 1945 – 6 January 2015) was a Cameroonian Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest on 5 December 1976. He was appointed the second bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ngaoundéré on 23 October 2000.

Umeå City Church

Umeå City Church () is a church building in the central parts of Umeå in Sweden. It is located between Vänortsparken and the northern bank of the Ume River. The church belongs to the Umeå City Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated on 2 December 1894. That day was First Advent Sunday the same year year.


Mizda

Mizda or Mesdah ( "Mizdah") is a town in the Jabal al Gharbi District in Libya. It was the capital of the former Mizda District. 

Just to the west of Mizda is the Mizda Army Base at 


Emily Lloyd

Emily Lloyd (born 29 September 1970) is an English actress. She played Emily in "Wish You Were Here". She played Samantha Hughes in "In Country". She also played Cookie in the movie "Cookie".

She was born in London, England. Her father was Roger Lloyd-Pack. Her grandfather was Charles Lloyd-Pack.

Vittangi

Vittangi is a locality in Kiruna Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 784 people lived there.

Jukkasjärvi

Jukkasjärvi is a locality in Kiruna Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 548 people lived there.

Karesuando

Karesuando ( or "", Sami: "Karesuanto", "Gárasavvon" or "Karasavvon") is a locality in Kiruna Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. It is the northernmost locality in Sweden. In 2010, 303 people lived there. In 2011, 350 people lived there.

Lara Fabian

Lara Fabian (born January 9, 1970) is a Belgian singer. She has sold more than twenty million records worldwide. She sings in French, Spanish, English and other languages.

Fabian was born in Etterbeek, Brussels, Belgium to a Sicilian mother and Belgian father.

Julie Bowen

Julie Bowen (born March 3, 1970) is an American actress. She played Denise Bauer in the television series "Boston Legal". She plays Claire on "Modern Family".

She was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Svappavaara

Svappavaara is a locality in Kiruna Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 417 people lived there.

Kuttainen

Kuttainen is a locality in Kiruna Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. The locality is located near the Muonio River. In 2010, 333 people lived there.

Korpilombolo

Korpilombolo is a locality in Pajala Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 529 people lived there.

Gammelstaden

Gammelstaden or "Gammelstad" ("Luleå Old Town") is a locality in Luleå Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,960 people lived there. The Gammelstad Church Town became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1996.


Bälinge

Bälinge is a locality in Uppsala Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,437 people lived there.

Öxabäck

Öxabäck is a locality in Mark Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 300 people lived there.

Västerhaninge

Västerhaninge is a locality in Haninge Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 15,134 people lived there. The locality is connected to Stockholm by commuter rail.

Ljugarn

Ljugarn is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 238 people lived there. It is located on the East Coast of Swedsih Baltic Sea island of Gotland and lies south of Slite.

Sexdrega

Sexdrega is a locality in Svenljunga Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 787 people lived there.

Östra Frölunda

Östra Frölunda is a locality in Svenljunga Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 309 people lived there.

Harplinge

Harplinge is a locality in Halmstad Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,450 people lived there. The village of Harplinge is known for its surrounding nature.

Kinnarp

Kinnarp is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 917 people lived there.

Kättilstorp

Kättilstorp is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. It had 253 inhabitants in 2010.

Vartofta

Vartofta is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 540 people lived there.

Åsarp

Åsarp is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 598 people lived there.

Stenstorp

Stenstorp is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,668 people lived there. The Western Main Line runs through Stenstorp, and local/regional passenger trains stop there.

Torbjörntorp

Torbjörntorp is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 475 people lived there.

Odensberg

Odensberg is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 287 people lived there.

Gudhem

Gudhem is a locality in Falköping Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 427 people lived there.

Hagbyhöjden

Hagbyhöjden is a locality in Österåker Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 479 people lived there.

Blikstorp

Blikstorp is a locality in Hjo Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 222 people lived there.

Korsberga

Korsberga is a locality in Hjo Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 214 people lived there.

Slottsskogen

Slottsskogen is a locality in Håbo Municipality, Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,492 people lived there.

Alvik

Alvik is a locality in Luleå Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 777 people lived there.

Järna, Södertälje Municipality

Järna is a locality in Södertälje Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 6,377 people lived there.

Järna

Järna may refer to:


Nås

Nås is a locality in Vansbro Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 417 people lived there.

Äppelbo

Äppelbo is a locality in Vansbro Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 258 people lived there.

Täfteå

Täfteå is a locality in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,231 people lived there.

Robert Cunning

Robert 'Bobby' Robertson Innes Cunning (12 February 1930 – 24 January 1983) was a footballer from Scotland. Cunning was born on 12 February 1930 in Dunfermline, Scotland. He played for Sunderland, Hamilton and the Rangers football clubs. He was a striker.

In 1951, Cunning was on the Sunderland roster playing outside left. In 1952 and 1953, he was on the Hamilton roster. In the 1953/54 season, he played 19 games and scored 2 goals for Hamilton. In 1954, he signed to the Rangers for £2,500. His first match for Rangers was against Clyde in the Glasgow Cup. This was on 9 September 1954 when he was 24. Cunning played seven games for the Rangers. His vision problems ended his career. Cunning died 24 January, 1983 in Dunoon, Scotland.

Tavelsjö

Tavelsjö is a locality in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 245 people lived there. It is near the northern shorelines of the lake Tavelsjön between Umeå and Vindeln.

Sävar

Sävar is a locality in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,670 people lived there. The locality is located by E4 circa 15 kilometers north of Umeå.

Hörnefors

Hörnefors is a locality in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,542 people lived there.

Lori Beth Denberg

Lori Beth Denberg (born February 2, 1976) is an American comedian and actress. She was an original cast member on "All That" on Nickelodeon. She also played Lydia on "The Steve Harvey Show".

She was born in Northridge, Los Angeles, California.

Boliden

Boliden is a locality in Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,566 people lived there. It is located 28,5 kilometers from the town of Skellefteå. Swedish mining company Boliden AB was established here.

Malmbäck

Malmbäck is a locality in Nässjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,031 people lived there.

Bodafors

Bodafors is a locality in Nässjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,886 people lived there.

Stensjön

Stensjön is a locality in Nässjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 224 people lived there.

Myresjö

Myresjö is a locality in Vetlanda Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 646 people lived there.

Landsbro

Landsbro is a locality in Vetlanda Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,426 people lived there.

Skede

Skede is a locality in Vetlanda Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 304 people lived there.

Surte

Surte is a locality in Ale Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 5,798 people lived there. It is a located circa 15 kilometers north of the town of Gothenburg.

Skepplanda

Skepplanda is a locality in Ale Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,803 people lived there.

Hyssna

Hyssna is a locality in Mark Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 638 people lived there.

Burträsk

Burträsk is a locality in Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,575 people lived there.

Lövånger

Lövånger is a locality in Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 761 people lived there.

Bureå

Bureå is a locality in Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,360 people lived there. The Bure kinship is associated with the locality.

Byske

Byske is a locality in Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,728 people lived there.

Ursviken

Ursviken is a locality in Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,977 people lived there.

Bergsbyn

Bergsbyn is a locality in Skellefteå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,780 people lived there.

Hemavan

Hemavan or Bierke is a locality in Storuman Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 222 people lived there.

It is located on European route E12 between Storuman in Sweden and Mo i Rana in Norway. Hemavan is also known as a ski. The Hemavan Airport, is also here.


Stensele

Stensele is a locality in Storuman Municipality in Västerbotten County, Sweden, In 2010, 546 people lived there.

Junsele

Junsele is a locality in Sollefteå Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 895 people lived there. The village is known for its zooligical gardens.

Ramsele

Ramsele is a locality in Sollefteå Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 968 people lived there. Since the 1960s the population has been reduced from 1 563 to 968. The locality is located near the Fax River circa 70 kilometers northwest of the town of Sollefteå.

Långsele

Långsele is a locality in Sollefteå Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,584 people lived there.

Ramvik

Ramvik is a locality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 691 people lived there. The locality is bimunicipal. That means it spans across the borderlines of two municipalities (Härnösand Municipality and Kramfors Municipality).

Ramvik was the home of Swedish politician Thorbjörn Fälldin.

Högsjö

Högsjö is a locality in Vingåker Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 713 people lived there.

Marma

Marma is a locality in Älvkarleby Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 298 people lived there.

Ås, Krokom Municipality

Ås (from Old Norse "áss" 'ridge') is a locality in Krokom Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,218 people lived there.

Ryd

Ryd is a locality in Tingsryd Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,415 people lived there.

Viskafors

Viskafors is a locality in Borås Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,790 people lived there.

Väckelsång

Väckelsång is a locality in Tingsryd Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 905 people lived there.

Brian Leetch

Brian Joseph Leetch (born January 18, 1961) is an American retired professional ice hockey defenseman. He played 18 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the New York Rangers, Toronto Maple Leafs, and Boston Bruins.

He was the winner of the James Norris Memorial Trophy in 1992 and 1997. He won the Stanley Cup with the Rangers in 1994. He also won the Conn Smythe Trophy, becoming the first American-born player to win the trophy. He won the silver medal with U.S. ice hockey team at the 2002 Winter Olympics.

He was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame with his Rangers teammate Mike Richter in 2008. He was also inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame during his first year of eligibility in 2009.


Stöde

Stöde is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 572 people lived there.

Njurundabommen

Njurundabommen is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,983 people lived there.

Docksta

Docksta is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 378 people lived there.


Bollstabruk

Bollstabruk is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1 871 people lived there.

Lugnvik

Lugnvik is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 349 people lived there.

Nyland

Nyland is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 903 people lived there.

Frånö

Frånö is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 640 people lived there.

Lunde

Lunde is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 399 people lived there.

Sandslån

Sandslån is a locality in Kramfors Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 272 people lived there.

Julia Archibald Holmes

Julia Anna Archibald Holmes (February 15, 1838 – January 19, 1887) was a Canadian-American suffragist, abolitionist, mountaineer and journalist. She was the first woman to climb Pikes Peak.

Stockholm metro

The Stockholm metro () is a metro system in Stockholm in Sweden. The first line was opened in 1950. However, underground trams had been used since 1933. The system has 100 stations in use, 47 of them are underground and 53 above ground. There are three lines (Green, Red and Blue) travelling through Central Stockholm. In the year of 2013 the Stockholm metro cars totally carried 328 million passengers inside. It corresponds to approximately 898,630 passengers per day.

The long metro system is owned by the Stockholm County Council through Storstockholms Lokaltrafik (SL). The operation is currently contracted to MTR Corporation.

The Stockholm metro system has been referred to as the"world's longest art gallery", with more over 90 of the network's 100 stations being decorated with various works of art.


Ringwoodite

Ringwoodite is a mineral. It is a type of olivine which is formed at high temperatures and pressures in the Earth's mantle between 525 and 660 km deep. Olivine is a magnesium iron silicate. This mineral was first identified in a meteorite in 1969. It may be present in large quantity in the Earth’s mantle.

Ringwoodite is notable because to contains hydroxide ions (oxygen and hydrogen atoms bound together) in its structure. This suggests that there is from one to three times the world ocean's equivalent of water in the mantle's transition zone from 410 to 660 km deep.

Roger Kitter

Roger Kitter (20 October 1949 – 3 January 2015) was a British actor. He was known for his role as "'Allo 'Allo!". In September 2009, he became Chairman of the Entertainment Artistes' Benevolent Fund.

Kitter died from cancer in London of cancer of unknown primary origin at the age of 65.

Fungi imperfecti

The fungi imperfecti or imperfect fungi, also known as Deuteromycota, is a type of fungi. It is "not" a taxonomic category: they are linked only by their asexuality. The taxonomy of fungi is either based on morphological characteristics (what they look like), or that of biological species. Fungi imperfecti do not fit well into these schemes. 

Deueromycota literally means "second fungi", and was once a phylum within the fungi. The fungi in deuteromycota reproduce asexually, or vegetatively: "sexual reproduction has never been observed in these species". The term is now used only informally for species of fungi that are asexually reproducing members of the fungal phyla Ascomycota and Basidiomycota.

There are about 25,000 species that have been classified in the deuteromycota and many are basidiomycota or ascomycota. Fungi producing the antibiotic penicillin and those that cause athlete's foot and yeast infections are imperfect fungi. In addition, there are a number of edible imperfect fungi, including the ones that provide the distinctive characteristics of Roquefort and Camembert cheese. Some fungi which are used to develop immunosuppressant drugs, are imperfect fungi. Other imperfect fungi are used for insect pest control. 
Other, more informal, names besides Deuteromycota ("Deuteromycetes") and fungi imperfecti, are anamorphic fungi, or mitosporic fungi. None of these names are terms of taxonomic rank. They are convenience terms.

Danny Dunton

Dennis Clifford "Danny" Dunton (13 May 1924 – 2 January 2015) was an English international motorcycle speedway rider and promoter. He reached the final of the Speedway World Championship in 1950, achieving 12th place with 5 points. As well as riding, Danny promoted Peterborough Panthers and co-promoted Oxford Cheetahs, then Oxford Rebels and finally White City Rebels. Dunton was born in Cholesbury, Buckinghamshire.

Dunton died after a long illness on 2 January 2015, aged 90.


Sundby

Sundby is a locality in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 270 people lived there.

Liden

Liden is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 254 people lived there. The locality is near the Indalen River. The locality is located circa 50& kilometers (road 86) northwest of the town of Sundsvall.

Strömsnäsbruk

Strömsnäsbruk is a locality in Markaryd Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,066 people lived there.

Concealed weapon

A concealed weapon is a dangerous weapon that is hidden from view. It can also be a dangerous weapon under a person's control that is not readily visible. The term is most often applied to handguns. A dangerous weapon is any weapon that can inflict death or serious injury on another person. Various jurisdictions define what a dangerous weapon is. Carrying a concealed weapon is illegal as defined by laws of many states, provinces, and countries. The usual exceptions are law enforcement officers and members of the military who carry weapons as part of their jobs. Many jurisdictions may issue concealed weapons permits (also called concealed carry permits) giving individuals permission to carry a concealed weapon within their jurisdiction.

Carrying a concealed weapon (CCW) is the practice of carrying a handgun out of sight, hidden somewhere on a person's body. CCW is regulated by the states in the US. The laws vary, sometimes considerably, from state to state. As of 2015, most states grant licenses to carry handguns on a "Shall-Issue" basis to qualified applicants. Shall-Issue means the jurisdiction issuing the license must issue the license to anyone who is not otherwise prevented from owning a firearm. "May-Issue" allows the jurisdiction to decide on a case-by-case basis who may be issued a license. A few states are may-issue states, while seven states allow the carrying of firearms in a concealed manner without a permit (called Constitutional-carry). 

Gun laws vary considerably around the world. The larger majority of countries heavily restrict or do not allow citizens to carry firearms. 

Penalties for carrying a concealed weapon in the US without a permit can vary by jurisdiction. In some cases it is a misdemeanor but more often it is considered a felony. In Canada CCW is illegal but permitted under rare circumstances. 

In Mexico civilians cannot own guns since it has been illegal since 1968. However, most Mexicans own guns, even fully automatic weapons. In South Africa there are about 6 million licensed handgun owners. There is also a very large backlog of those applying for a license. Illegal guns can be easily bought off the streets. About 2,000 guns are stolen per month from licensed owners making it the largest source of illegal guns.

Ron Hovey

Ron Hovey (25 August 1932 – 6 January 2015) was an Australian rules footballer. He played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL) from 1951 until 1960. He later served as the President of Geelong Football Club from 1988 until 1998. Two of his brothers, Ced and Jim, also played league football for Geelong.

Hovey died on 6 January 2015 at the age of 82.

Kenneth Mapp

Kenneth E. Mapp (born November 2, 1955) is an American politician. He was the 29th Governor of the United States Virgin Islands from 2015 to 2019. He is a registered Republican, but ran as an independent.

A former three term Virgin Islands Senator, Mapp served as the Lieutenant Governor of the United States Virgin Islands from 1995 until 1999. Mapp was an independent candidate for Governor of the U.S. Virgin Islands in the 2010 gubernatorial election, but was defeated by John de Jongh.

He ran in the 2014 gubernatorial election for Governor of the United States Virgin Islands, defeating Donna Christian-Christensen, the longtime Delegate to Congress in a run-off.

Gina Raimondo

Gina Marie Raimondo (born May 17, 1971) is an American politician, businesswoman, and venture capitalist. She is a member of the Democratic Party. In 2021, she became the United States Secretary of Commerce under the Joe Biden administration.

In 2015, Raimondo became the 75th Governor of the State of Rhode Island. She is the first woman to be Governor of Rhode Island. She removed "Providence Plantations" from the name of the state in 2020. She removed it because plantations are related to slavery. Before that, she was the General Treasurer for the State of Rhode Island from 2011 through 2015.

On January 7, 2021, President-elect Joe Biden nominated Raimondo to serve as the United States Secretary of Commerce in his cabinet. Her nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 2, 2021 with a 84-15 vote.

Pete Ricketts

John Peter "Pete" Ricketts (born August 19, 1964) is an American politician and businessman who is the United States Senator from Nebraska since 2023. He was the 40th Governor of Nebraska from 2015 to 2023. He was the former Chief Operating Officer of Ameritrade.

He was the Republican nominee for the 2006 U.S. Senate race in Nebraska, which he lost to then incumbent Ben Nelson. He ran for Governor of Nebraska in the 2014 election, this time defeating the Democratic nominee, Chuck Hassebrook. He was inaugurated as Governor in January 2015.

In January 2023, Governor Jim Pillen picked Ricketts to the U.S. Senate to fill the vacancy left by the resignation of Ben Sasse.

Charlie Baker

Charles Duane "Charlie" Baker, Jr. (born November 13, 1956) is an American businessman and politician. Since March 1, 2023, he has been president of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). Baker was the 72nd Governor of Massachusetts, serving from 2015 to 2023. He was a cabinet official under two Massachusetts governors, spent ten years as CEO of Harvard Pilgrim Health Care. He was also the Republican nominee for Governor of Massachusetts in his unsuccessful bid in 2010.

Doug Ducey

Douglas A. "Doug" Ducey (born April 9, 1964) is an American politician. He was the 23rd Governor of the U.S. State of Arizona. He is a member of the Republican Party, and was sworn in as Governor on January 5, 2015. He also served as the 32nd State Treasurer of Arizona.

Susan Howard

Jeri Lynn Mooney (born January 28, 1944), also known as Susan Howard, is an American actress and writer. She works in both movies and television series. She played Maggie in "Petrocelli". She played Donna in "Dallas" from 1979 to 1987. In "The Love Boat", she played Cynthia.

Mooney was born in Marshall, Texas.

Lance Percival

John Lancelot Blades Percival, known as Lance Percival (26 July 1933 – 6 January 2015), was an English actor, comedian and after-dinner speaker. He was known for making the voices of Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr in the animated series "The Beatles".

Percival died in January 2015, aged 81. He will be cremated at Putney Vale Cemetery on 20 January 2015.


Marshall, Texas

Marshall is a city in northeastern Texas. At the 2020 census, 23,392 people lived there.

Samuel Goldwyn Jr.

Samuel Goldwyn, Jr. (September 7, 1926 – January 9, 2015) is an American movie producer. His best known movies were "Mystic Pizza" (1988), "" (2003), and "The Secret Life of Walter Mitty" (2013).

Goldwyn was born in Los Angeles, California. He was the son of actress Frances Howard and the pioneer motion picture mogul Samuel Goldwyn. He attended Fountain Valley School in Colorado Springs, Colorado and the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, Virginia. He served in World War II. He was married twice and had six children including Tony Goldwyn and John Goldwyn.

Goldwyn died from congestive heart failure on January 9, 2015 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. He was 88.

Imre Kertész

Imre Kertész (9 November 1929 – 31 March 2016) was a Hungarian author. He was a Holocaust concentration camp survivor. He wrote his autobiographical roman "fatelessness". In 2002, he won the Nobel Prize in Literature, "for writing that upholds the fragile experience of the individual against the barbaric arbitrariness of history". He was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Kertész died in Budapest, Hungary from complications of Parkinson's disease on 31 March 2016, aged 86.


Kosta

Kosta is a locality in Lessebo Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. There were 884 people living in 2010. The locality is located between the towns of Kalmar and Växjö. Kosta is known for the glassworks Kosta glasbruk.

Hovmantorp

Hovmantorp is a locality in Lessebo Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,991 people lived in the locality.

Mark Burnett

Mark Burnett (born 17 July 1960) is a television producer based in Los Angeles. He was born in London and raised in Dagenham. He has been married to the actress Roma Downey since 2007.

Burnett has produced shows including "Survivor", "The Voice", "The Celebrity Apprentice", "The Apprentice", "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?", and "The Contender".

Haga Church

The Haga Church () is an church building in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It belongs to Gothenburg Haga Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on Advent Sunday, 27 November, 1859.


The Voice (TV series)

The Voice is a singing competition created in the Netherlands by producer John de Mol and singer Roel van Velzen. The show is now a franchise with countries across the globe hosting their own version. The show first aired on 17 September 2010.

The way The Voice works is different in some countries, but most retain these rounds and rules. Kids versions are made as well. Almost anyone 8 and up can apply to be on the show. However, only contestants that are teenagers and up can apply to compete on the show where adults compete.

Note: Contestant & Artist mean the same thing.

A certain number of contestants perform, hoping to impress the coaches. The contestant(s) pick(s) a song to perform, and the judges listen to the contestant blindly, only judging their voice because they are turned away from the contestant, to avoid bias against certain people. If a coach likes a contestant's voice enough, the coach can press their button and they will turn around and see who the contestant is. The contestant does not stop performing until their song is over. If more than one coach turns, the contestant gets to decide which coach they would like to work with. If only one coach turns, the contestant just goes on their team after talking about the performance. If no coaches turn, the contestant is eliminated. Although the coaches do give advice to all contestants that perform. Once a coach's team has a certain number of artists, they may no longer add artists to their team. 

The block is a feature that prevents another coach from getting an artist. If a coach blocks, they must press their block button for that contestant, hit their button to turn around and see the contestant, and finally turn around before the coach they decide to block turns around. Only one block can be performed per performance. If a coach tries to block an artist that is already blocked, their block will not work. 

In the battles, coaches decide to pair two artists from their team against each other, performing the same song in a "boxing ring" type arena. The paired artists train together with their coach to improve upon their skills. Each sings a different parts of a song, relay style. The artists perform at the same time in the battles. Once the song is over and the coaches make their comments, it is up to the contestant's coach to decide who is the winner of the battle. The winner advances to the knockouts. Coaches have saves and steals which they can use to save an artist on their team, or steal one from another team. However, these are limited. 

In the knockouts, the remaining artists once again battle each other, however this time they work individually with their coach. Also, each artist performs their own song and they do not sing at the same time. Like the battles,Once the song is over and the coaches make their comments, it is up to the contestant's coach to decide who is the winner of the battle. The winner advances to the Live shows. Coaches usually only have steals in this round which they can steal an artist from another team. However, these are limited. 

Finally, The remaining artists give final performances. A certain number of contestants stay while the rest are eliminated. Winners are often picked by letting the viewers in the country decide who should win and who should be eliminated until only 1 contestant remains. They are declared the winner. The winner and their coach and artist celebrate with the host, and they may win a cash prize and some random prize(Usually associated with music). Some seasons feature the Instant Save.

In alphabetical order by name:


Ytterhogdal

Ytterhogdal is a locality in Härjedalen Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 534 people lived in the locality.

Norr-Hede

Norr-Hede is a locality in Härjedalen Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 261 people lived there.

Ulvkälla

Ulvkälla is a locality in Härjedalen Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 456 people lived here.

Closure (mathematics)

In mathematics, closure describes the case when the results of a mathematical operation are always defined. For example, in ordinary arithmetic, addition on real numbers has closure: whenever one adds two numbers, the answer is a number. The same is true of multiplication. Division does "not" have closure, because division by 0 is not defined. In the natural numbers, subtraction does not have closure, but in the integers, subtraction does have closure. Subtraction of two numbers can produce a negative number, which is not a natural number, but is an integer.

One can sometimes make closure of a mathematical object by including new elements to it. The integers are a closure of the natural numbers by including negative numbers. The real numbers are a closure of the rational numbers by including square roots of positive numbers. The complex numbers are a closure of the real numbers by including square roots of negative numbers. Since every non-zero polynomial has a root in the complex numbers, the complex numbers are also the algebraic closure of the real numbers. One can express this relationship as formula_1.

Sometimes, if one includes an element to make closure, it makes more changes. For example, if one includes infinity, formula_2 (that is, closure of division), the laws of addition and subtraction are changed. There is no inversion of addition for formula_3.

Ordinary closure is called finite closure. There is also infinite closure. The definition of a topological space mentions infinite closure. Open spaces have (finite) closure of intersection. Open sets have infinite closure of union. That is, in mathematical notation, if A, and A and ... A ... are open sets, then B and C are open sets:


In point-set topology, given a set "S", the set containing all points of "S" along with its limit points is called the topological closure of "S". This is sometimes written as formula_6. The closure of "S" is also the smallest closed set containing "S".


Asus

ASUSTeK Computer Inc., usually referred to as Asus, is a computer hardware and electronics company. It was founded in Taipei in 1989 by T.H. Tung, Ted Hsu, Wayne Hsieh and M.T. Liao. Asus is the world's fifth-largest PC vendor by 2013 unit sales (after Lenovo, Hewlett-Packard, Dell and Acer).

The name "Asus" originates from "Pegasus", the winged horse of Greek mythology.

Asus' products include laptops, tablet computers, desktop computers, mobile phones, personal digital assistants (PDAs), servers, computer monitors, motherboards, graphics cards, sound cards, optical disc drives, computer networking devices, computer cases, computer components and computer cooling systems.

"Republic of Gamers" is a brand used by Asus since 2006, encompassing a range of computer hardware, personal computers, peripherals, and accessories oriented primarily toward PC gaming. The line includes both desktops and high-spec laptops.

Acer Inc.

Acer Inc. is a Taiwanese multinational hardware and electronics corporation headquartered in Xizhi, New Taipei City, Taiwan.

In 2013 Acer was the fourth largest personal computer vendor in the world.
















Feza Gürsey

Feza Gürsey (April 7, 1921 – April 13, 1992) was a Turkish mathematician and physicist. Among his most prominent contributions to theoretical physics, his works on the Chiral model and on SU(6) are most popular.



The Feza Gürsey Institute in Istanbul and Feza Gürsey Science Center in Ankara are named in his honor.



Herding

Herding is the act of bringing individual animals together into a group (herd). It is maintaining the group and moving the group from place to place. Many thousands of years ago herding became a way of life for many nomadic people. Today it is still a necessity for farmers, ranchers and those who raise domestic animals.

Some animals instinctively gather together as a herd. A group of animals fleeing a predator will herd together for . Some predators, such as wolves and dogs, have instinctive herding abilities that come from primitive hunting instincts. But there can be a fine line between chasing and herding. Dogs that show basic herding instincts can be trained to compete in herding and stock dog trials. It's a sport that dogs and their owners can enjoy together.

Herding is used in agriculture to manage domesticated animals. Herding can be performed by people or dogs trained to control the movement of livestock under the direction of a person. Animals such as cattle, sheep and goats are commonly herded by humans and dogs. Also herd dogs may be used to gather and herd turkey, geese, ducks and chickens.

Originally dogs were used to both herd and guard domestic animals. Over time dogs were bred to specialize in one or the other. Herd guardians or guard dogs became the 24-hour protector of the flock. Herd dogs were developed to keep the herd together. Herding dogs are critical to Australian and British sheep farms. 

Herding dog breeds are typically intelligent, all-work and full of energy.

People who work with agricultural animals have different occupational names. This is based on the type of animal they work with or names that vary by country.

Continental AG

Continental AG, commonly known as Continental or colloquially as Conti, is a leading German automotive manufacturing company specializing in tires, brake systems, automotive safety, powertrain and chassis components, tachographs, and other parts for the automotive and transportation industries. Continental is based in Hanover, Lower Saxony, Germany.

Continental was founded in 1871 as a rubber manufacturer, "Continental-Caoutchouc und Gutta-Percha Compagnie".

Continental is the world's 4th largest tire manufacturer.

The company's revenue in 2010 increased by 23.5% to 3449 million dollars.


The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Sweden

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Sweden () is part of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has been around in Sweden since 1850. It's headquarters are the Stockholm Sweden Temple. The Stockholm Sweden Temple is located in Västerhaninge.


Church of Sweden Youth

The Church of Sweden Youth () is the children's and youth group of the Church of Sweden. It was created on 1 January 1993. The Church of Sweden Youth was created after several christian youth groups had come together to form it.

In 2013 there were 13,000 members of various ages.

The come-together of the former youth groups was proposed in 1964.

Following people have been chairpersons.



David Hewlett

David Ian Hewlett (18 April 1968) He is an English-Canadian actor, writer and director. He is best known for his role as Dr. Meredith Rodney McKay on the science fiction TV shows "Stargate SG-1", "Stargate Atlantis" and "Stargate Universe".
Hewlett was born in Redhill, Surrey, UK. He moved to Canada when he was a child.

Jehovah's Witnesses in Sweden

The Jehovah’s Witnesses in Sweden () is part of the international Jehovah's Witnesses religion. It has been around in Sweden since 1909. In the past, its headquarters were in Arboga. Later, the headquarters were moved to Denmark in 2012.


Karin Söder

Karin Ann-Marie Söder (30 November 1928 – 19 December 2015) was a Swedish Centre Party politician. She was a member of the Swedish cabinet between 1976-1978 and again in 1979. She was the first female leader of a major political party in Sweden. She also was of the first female foreign ministers in the world. She also worked successful for Systembolaget not being opened on Saturdays.

Roy Tarpley

Roy James Tarpley (November 28, 1964 – January 9, 2015) was an American professional basketball player. He played the power forward and center positions, earning an NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award in 1988. Tarpley became known during his career for being banned from the NBA because of his drug and alcohol abuse. He had some success playing in Europe.

Tarpley was born in New York City and died in Arlington, Texas.

Robert V. Keeley

Robert Vossler Keeley (September 4, 1929 – January 9, 2015) was an American politician. He served in Foreign Service of the United States, from 1956 to 1989. He served three times as Ambassador: to Greece (1985–89), Zimbabwe (1980–84), and Mauritius (1976–78). In 1978–80 he was Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs, in charge of southern and eastern Africa.

Keeley was born in Beirut, French Lebanon to American parents. He died in Washington, D.C. from a stroke at the age of 85.

Honda Pilot

The Honda Pilot is a mid-sized four-door crossover utility vehicle made by Honda. It was first made in 2002 as a 2003 model. The vehicle replaced Honda's compact SUV, the Passport, which was actually a rebadged Isuzu Rodeo. The Pilot is built on the Accord platform, which also underpins the Odyssey minivan and the Ridgeline pickup truck.

The vehicle was redesigned in 2009. It has three rows of seats. The vehicle has limited off-road capability but does allow wading through nineteen inches of water. The Pilot was Honda's largest crossover up until the introduction of the Crosstour, a station wagon based SUV built on the Accord platform. While it is longer than the Pilot it doesn't allow seating for 7-8 passengers.

The Pilot has been compared with other crossover cars and sport utility vehicles.

The Pilot was redesigned in 2015 for the 2016 model year. It no longer has a boxy crossover look. It now looks more like the Honda Odyssey. Its 6-cylinder engine is now more powerful and mated to 6- and 9-speed automatic transmissions.


Junior Malanda

Bernard Malanda-Adje (28 August 1994 – 10 January 2015), nicknamed Junior Malanda, was a Belgian professional footballer. He played as a defensive midfielder for VfL Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga. 

He was born in Brussels, Belgium.

Malanda died in a car accident in Porta Westfalica, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany at the age of 20.

Hubert Markl

Hubert Simon Markl (17 August 1938 – 8 January 2015) was a German biologist. He also served as President of the Max Planck Society from 1996 to 2002.


Ettore Scola

Ettore Scola (10 May 1931 – 19 January 2016) was an Italian screenwriter and movie director. He was known for his movies "A Special Day" (1977), "That Night In Varennes" (1982), "What Time Is It?" (1989) and "Captain Fracassa's Journey" (1990).

Scola died at a hospital in Rome, Italy from pneumonia on 19 January 2016 at the age of 84.

Costa-Gavras

Costa-Gavras (short for Konstantinos Gavras - Κωνσταντίνος Γαβράς; born 12 February 1933) is a Greek-French director, screenwriter, and producer. He is known for movies "Missing" (1982), "Hannah K." (1983), "Betrayed" (1988), "Music Box" (1989), "Mad City" (1997) and "Amen." (2002).


Michael Cacoyannis

Michael Cacoyannis (, "Michalis Kakogiannis"; 11 June 192225 July 2011) was a Cypriot-Greek director, producer, and screenwriter. He was best known for his 1964 movie "Zorba the Greek".


The Holmes Brothers

The Holmes Brothers was a musical trio originally from Christchurch, Virginia. They perform blues, soul, gospel, country, and rhythm & blues music. Its members include Sherman Holmes, Popsy Dixon and Wendell Holmes.

They began playing in 1979. They were influenced by B.B. King. They have released twelve studio albums, with three reaching the top 5 on the Billboard Blues Albums chart. They have gained a following by playing regularly at summer folk, blues, gospel, and jazz festivals. Members are brothers Wendell and Sherman Holmes with drummer Popsy Dixon.

As of 2015, Sherman Holmes resides in Saluda, VA and is the last surviving member of the band. Popsy Dixon died of bladder cancer on January 9, 2015. A few months later, Wendell Holmes died on June 19, 2015 from a pulmonary embolism.

Spencer Gulf

The Spencer Gulf is the westernmost of two large inlets on the southern coast of Australia. It is in the state of South Australia facing the Great Australian Bight. The Gulf is 322 km (200 mi) long and 129 km (80 mi) wide at its mouth. The western shore of the Gulf is the Eyre Peninsula. The eastern side is the Yorke Peninsula which separates it from the smaller Gulf St Vincent. Its entrance was defined by Matthew Flinders as a line from Cape Catastrophe on Eyre Peninsula to Cape Spencer on Yorke Peninsula.

 

Peter Weller

Peter Frederick Weller, Ph.D. (born June 24, 1947) is an American movie director, actor and educator. He is known for his role as RoboCop in "RoboCop" and "RoboCop 2".


Bruce Greenwood

Bruce Stuart Greenwood (born August 12, 1956) is a Canadian actor and musician. He is known for his roles as U.S. presidents in "Thirteen Days" and "", Ben Stevenson in "Mao's Last Dancer" and for his role as Captain Christopher Pike in the 2009 "Star Trek" movie and its sequel, "Star Trek Into Darkness".


Michael Parks

Michael Parks (born Harry Samuel Parks; April 24, 1940 – May 9, 2017) was an American actor and singer. He was known for his roles in "Kill Bill" and in "Django Unchained".

Parks died on May 10, 2017 in Los Angeles at the age of 77.

James Remar

William James Remar (born December 31, 1953), known professionally as James Remar, is an American actor and voice actor. He is known for his roles in "Sex and the City", "The Warriors", "48 Hrs.", "The Cotton Club", "", "Vampire Diaries", and in "Dexter".

Dennis Christopher

Dennis Christopher (born Dennis Carrelli; December 2, 1950 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American movie actor. He is known for his roles in "Breaking Away", "It" and in "Fade to Black". He also appeared as Leonide Moguy in "Django Unchained".

Sophie Gengembre Anderson

Sophie Gengembre Anderson (1823 – 10 March 1903) was a French-born British artist. She created many paintings of children and women. Her work "Elaine" was the first public collection of a female artist.

Anderson also painted "No Walk Today" and many other paintings.

She was born in Paris, France. She died in Falmouth, England.

European turtle dove

The European turtle dove (also known as turtle dove) is a member of the Dove bird family. They are smaller than many other doves.

The turtle dove is native to Europe, Asia and Africa.

Turtle doves are talked about in the song "The Twelve Days of Christmas".

There aren't as many of these birds in Europe as there used to be.

Daytona International Speedway

The Daytona International Speedway is a race track in Daytona Beach, Florida. It is where the two exhibition races, the Advance Auto Parts Clash, Can-Am Duel, and the two points-paying races, the Daytona 500 and Coke Zero Sugar 400 is held. The track is also where the Rolex 24 at Daytona is held, and also two Xfinity Series races and one Camping World Truck Series race. 

Daytona speedway was built in 1959. Races had been held on the hard sandy beach since 1902. Racing on the beach ended in 1959 when Daytona International Speedway opened. Bill France, Jr. was behind the construction of the speedway. The first race was won by Lee Petty in a field of 59 cars. In 1962, the first major race on the road course was held. It was won by Grand Prix driver Dan Gurney driving a red Lotus. Near the end of the race and with a 2 minute lead, his engine failed. He coasted across the finish line to win.

By the 1960s, the sportscar race was made into a 24 hour race. This required multiple drivers for each car and involved a long period of racing at night. Both races grew in popularity in the 1970s and 80s. Today the Daytona 500 is an important race in NASCAR. The Rolex 24, which is named that because it is sponsored by the Rolex watch company, is an important endurance race.



Ehrenfried von Tschirnhaus

Ehrenfried Walther von Tschirnhaus (or Tschirnhausen) (10 April 1651 – 11 October 1708) was a German mathematician, physicist, doctor, and philosopher. 

Late in the seventeenth century, he was charged with making a survey of the minerals of Saxony. He had a government position there. He and his assistant, Johann Friedrich Böttger, discovered how to make porcelain. 
Before that, it had only been made in Asia.

Tschirnhaus's work in mathematics is remembered in the Tschirnhaus transformation. It removed some intermediate terms from a given algebraic equation. He is also remembered in the Tschirnhausen cubic.

His work in physics included work in optics. Working with Martin Knorr, he developed an improved polishing technique. This was used in the lenses and mirrors he made. He made burning glasses of high quality. He used these in experiments.

Hank Flamingo

Hank Flamingo was an American country music group. It formed in 1988.


Robert Stone (novelist)

Robert Stone (August 21, 1937 – January 10, 2015) was an American novelist and journalist. He won the National Book Award for Fiction in 1975 for his novel "Dog Soldiers". He was also twice a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize and once for the PEN/Faulkner Awards.

Stone was born in Brooklyn, New York. He was raised by his mother, who suffered from schizophrenia, until the age of six and was later raised in a Catholic orphanage. As a result of chain smoking, he had emphysema.

Stone died from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on January 10, 2015 in Key West, Florida, aged 77.

Taylor Negron

Brad Stephen "Taylor" Negron (August 1, 1957 – January 10, 2015) was an American writer, actor, painter, and stand-up comedian. His best known movies were "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" (1982), "The Last Boy Scout" (1991), "Angels in the Outfield" (1994), "Bio-Dome" (1996), and "Stuart Little" (1999). He appeared in television shows such as "Wizards of Waverly Place", "Fresh Prince of Bel Air", "Curb Your Enthusiasm", "Reno 911", "Friends", "My Wife and Kids", "Seinfeld", "ER", and "Party of Five".

Negron was born in Glendale, California. He grew up in La Cañada Flintridge, California. He was of Puerto Rican ancestry. He was also the cousin of singer Chuck Negron. He was openly gay.

Negron died from liver cancer on January 10, 2015 in Los Angeles. He was 57.


Bruzaholm

Bruzaholm is a locality in Eksjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 250 people lived there. Bruzaholm is one of two inhabited localities in Sweden (2010) whose name contain the letter z.

Mariannelund

Mariannelund is a locality in Eksjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,468 people lived there. Mariannelund appears as a place of setting for many of the stories of Swedish writer Astrid Lindgren's books "Emil i Lönneberga".

Hjältevad

Hjältevad is a locality in Eksjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 335 people lived there.

Hult

Hult is a locality in Eksjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 455 people lived there. Swedish writer Albert Engström grew up in Hult.

Ingatorp

Ingatorp is a locality in Eksjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 453 people lived there.

Chen Ning Yang

Chen-Ning Franklin Yang (born October 1, 1922), also known as Yang Zhenning, is a Chinese-born American physicist and mathematician. He works on statistical mechanics and particle physics. Yang and Tsung-dao Lee received the 1957 Nobel prize in physics. This was for their work on parity nonconservation of weak interaction.


Frösön

Frösön (Frey's island; ; "fɾøːsœʏːa" in the local dialect, Jamtlandic) is the largest island in the lake of Storsjön. It is located west of the town of Östersund in Sweden, Sweden. On the island is the "Frösö Runestone". That Runestone is dated from 1030-1050 AD.

The Swedish composer Wilhelm Peterson-Berger had a summerhouse on the island. In 1930, he made it his permanent home.

Outlaws (band)

The Outlaws is an American country rock band formed in 1972. They are a Southern rock/country rock band. Some of their best known hits were "There Goes Another Love Song" (1975), "Green Grass and High Tides" (1975) and "Ghost Riders In The Sky".

Like other southern rock bands, the Outlaws used two lead guitars. However, the Outlaws’ used three and four part vocal harmonies which made them different from other southern rock bands who usually had a single lead singer.

Over the years there has been many changes in the band's members. The current lineup includes Henry Paul and Monte Yoho who were original band members. The other three original members - Hughie Thomasson, Billy Jones and Frank O'Keefe - have all died.








Hawaiian Airlines

Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. is Hawai'i's largest airline and the eighth largest airline in the United States. The airline's name comes from its headquarters, which are in Honolulu, Hawaii. The airline flies between the major Hawaiian islands. These are Kaua'i, O'ahu, Moloka'i, Maui, Lanai, and the Big Island of Hawai'i. Hawaiian also flies to more distant locations, such as the U.S. mainland, Japan, Korea, and Australia. These flights arrive and depart from Oahu and Maui.

Hawaiian is the oldest U.S. airline without a fatal accident. It is also the oldest U.S. airline that has never had a plane destroyed or damaged beyond repair.

Hawaiian was incorporated as Inter-Island Airways on January 30, 1929. It gave sightseeing tours over Oahu. On November 11, 1929, it began flying between Honolulu and Hilo. Inter-Island began flying two Sikorsky S-38 amphibious flying boat. Each carried eight passengers. They added larger Sikorsky S-43s six years later for more passengers and mail service.

In 1941 Inter-Island Airways Ltd. changed its name to Hawaiian Airlines. In 1966, Hawaiian started using jets to fly between the islands. The jets were much faster and quieter than the propeller planes it was using. In 1984, Hawaiian began flying between Honolulu and the South Pacific. It also started flying between Honolulu and the U.S. West Coast.

In 1966, Hawaiian added all-jet aircraft, the McDonnell Douglas DC-9. Flying time between islands was reduced to 20–30 minutes. In 2002-03, Hawaiian replaced its planes with better ones. The new planes used less fuel to fly the same distances. It also changed the design on the tails of its planes. The airline also started flying to more locations. Today it flies approximately 212 flights a day.



Grimsås

Grimsås is a locality in Tranemo Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 721 people lived there.

Önnestad

Önnestad is a locality in Kristianstad Municipality, in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,378 people lived there.

Väderstad

Väderstad is a locality in Mjölby Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 583 people lived there.

Mjällby

Mjällby is a locality in Sölvesborg Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,254 people lived there. Mjällby is in the Listerlandet peninsula.

Swedish Free Church Council

The Swedish Free Church Council () is an association of free churches in Sweden. The association is part of the Christian Council of Sweden (). The Swedish Free Church Council was established in 1992.

Following denominations are members.


Livets ord

Livets ord, literally "Word of Life", is a congregation within the Swedish Word of Faith movement. It was founded in Uppsala by Ulf Ekman on 24 May 1983. Ulf Ekman left in March 2014 to join the Roman Catholic Church. Between 1994 and 2014 the congregation ran its own seminary.


Örebro Mission

The Örebro Mission () was a Protestant denomination in Sweden. It was founded in the town of Örebro in 1892 It was part of the Baptist Union of Sweden until 1936. In 1997 the denomination became part of the Evangelical Free Church in Sweden.

Mia Marianne och Per Filip

Mia Marianne och Per Filip is a Swedish Christian music duo consisting of Mia Marianne Waldenstad and Per Filip Waldenstad. The duo has scored album chart successes in Sweden.

Lisbet Jagedal

Lisbet Jagedal, born 17 July 1964, is a Swedish singer who participated at Melodifestivalen 1990 with the song "Varje natt". The song ended up third in that contest.

She has also scored Svensktoppen hits as a solo singer with the song "Varje natt" (1990) Also she has scored hits as together with Pools orkester. The song "Du har det där" charted in 1993 In 1994, the song "För varje andetag" charted.

Pools orkester

Pools orkester was a dansband from Sweden. The band scored successes by the early 1990s. That was when Lisbet Jagedal used to sing with the band.



Without Me

"Without Me" is the first single off American rapper Eminem's fourth studio album "The Eminem Show". The song was released in May 13, 2002. 

"Without Me" is one of Eminem's most popular songs. It was able to peak at #2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States. 

In 2003, the song was nominated for a Grammy Award for Record of the Year at the 45th Annual Grammy Awards but it lost to "Don't Know Why" by the Norah Jones. This made was the first song by Eminem to be nominated for a Grammy in a major category. The song was also nominated for Best Male Rap Solo Performance but lost to Nelly's "Hot in Herre". The music video for the song won the Grammy Award for Best Short Form Music Video.


Triad (band)

Triad was a Swedish pop trio. The trio consisted of Janne Bark, Lasse Lindbom and Niklas Strömstedt. They mostly became famous for scoring a 1987-1988 Swedish number-one single hit with the Christmas song "Tänd ett ljus"


Brigadier

Brigadier is an army rank, the seniority of which depends on the country. In the British tradition, this officer commands a brigade, which is one-third of a division. As well as the British Army and the Royal Marines, this also applies to the Australian Army, the Indian Army, the New Zealand Army and the Pakistan Army. The rank is above Colonel and below Major-General. The badge on the uniform is three pips with a national symbol on top.

In other countries it is a non-commissioned rank (e.g. Spain, Italy, France, the Netherlands). Instead, these countries use Brigadier general as equivalent. All NATO forces use OF-6 as the equivalent rank.

Åsa Jinder

Åsa Tindra Jinder Otter, born 9 October 1963 in Danderyd, Sweden, is a Swedish nyckelharpa player, composer, producer, songwriter, author and lecturer. She has scored chart successes at the Swedish album chart.


CajsaStina Åkerström

Cajsa Stina (CajsaStina) Åkerström, born 16 August 1967 in Stockholm, Sweden, is a Swedish singer, songwriter and author. She is the daughter of singer Fred Åkerström.

She participated at Melodifestivalen 2014 in the third semifinal. Her song was called "En enkel sång".


The Way I Am

"The Way I Am" is the second single off American rapper Eminem's third studio album "The Marshall Mathers LP". The song was released in December 27, 2000. The song is also featured on his 2005 greatest hits album "".

"The Way I Am" was able to peak at #58 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States. 

The song features Eminem being angry at people who he feels are putting too much pressure on him. This includes obsessive fans and record executives. The song contains the lyrics "When a dude's gettin bullied and shoots up his school...", which is a reference to either Eric Harris or Dylan Klebold, the two students that committed the Columbine High School massacre which took place the year before. The song was remixed by Danny Lohner featuring Marilyn Manson, who has also performed the song with Eminem live on stage. In 2008, Eminem released an autobiography which was titled "The Way I Am".


Eva Dahlgren

Eva Charlotte Dahlgren ( in English; born 9 June 1960 in Umeå, Sweden) is a Swedish pop singer and songwriter.




Molly Sandén

Molly Sandén (born July 3, 1992) is a Swedish pop and R&B singer, host and voice actress. She has scored chart successes in Sweden. Her sisters Frida and Mimmi Sandén are also singers.








Siv Pettersson

Siv Pettersson, born 3 March 1955 in Saint Matthew Parish, Stockholm, Sweden, dead 12 January 1975 in Eriksfält Parish, Malmö, Sweden was a Swedish singer. She scored a major 1972-1973 Christmas hit with the song "Låt mig få tända ett ljus (Schlafe, mein Prinzchen, schlaf' ein)". In 1974 she socred aa minor success with Evert Taube's song "Så länge skutan kan gå". She died in a road accident.




Hit 'Em Up

"Hit 'Em Up" is a diss song by rapper 2Pac featuring his group the Outlawz. It was released on June 4, 1996. The song is the B-side for the song "How Do U Want It". It is from 2Pac's fourth studio album "All Eyez on Me".

The song attacks many East Coast rappers and mainly attacks 2Pac's former friend and rival The Notorious B.I.G.. The song was a big part in causing the rivalry between East Coast and West Coast hip hop to become worse. "Hit 'Em Up" is considered to be one of the greatest "diss songs" ever recorded because of the explicit lyrics and the seriousness of violent intent by 2Pac and his friends towards their rivals. 

Producer Johnny "J" said that Shakur was first fueled by his anger against Biggie and Bad Boy Records because he thought that they had a part in the November 30, 1994 attack on Shakur. Shakur was also angry at Biggie's release of another diss song "Who Shot Ya?" only months after the shooting happened. Even though it did not mention his name, Shakur believed that it was directed towards him. It was not. Shakur admitted that he had released "Hit 'Em Up" as a response to "Who Shot Ya?", almost two months after the 1994 attack.


McCulloch v. Maryland

McCulloch v. Maryland (1819) was a landmark decision by the Supreme Court of the United States. The US state of Maryland decided to tax all banknotes by banks not chartered by the state of Maryland. The only bank in Maryland at the time that did not have a state charter was the Second Bank of the United States. The bank was a branch of the federal bank established in 1816. 

The United States Constitution did not provide for judicial review of laws and court decisions. It was a power the US Supreme court assumed (took) for itself with its first landmark decision. In the decision "Marbury v. Madison" (1803) the court established its "power to say what the law is". The court gave itself the right to interpret the constitution.

In 1819 it was evident Maryland was targeting the US Bank. Most state banks resented the special privileges given to the US bank by Congress. The depression of 1818 was hurting state banks. The state charged a tax on the US Bank located in Baltimore. The branch manager was James McCulloch. He had refused to pay the state of Maryland $15,000 USD in taxes on the US Bank's currency. At that time states were battling with the Federal government over which had power over the other. Maryland sued James McCulloch. The state court upheld the decision he had to pay the tax. The court of appeals upheld the decision. McCulloch appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court in 1819.

There were two questions the court needed to decide. Did Congress have the power to charter a federal bank? The next question was did Maryland have the right to tax a branch of the federal government. Was this constitutional? The court ruled that the federal government did have the power to set up a federal bank. Also, that a state did not have the right to tax the federal government.

For the Second Bank of the United States, the decision was short-lived. In 1828 Andrew Jackson was elected President of the United States. It was a victory for states' rights. Jackson vetoed the bill to recharter the bank. But the Civil war effectively ended states rights. The constitutional changes that followed favored a strong federal government. In the 20th century, "McCulloch v. Maryland" was the basis for the federal government being strongly involved in the economy. It set the legal precedent that the federal law was more important than state law in all matters. 

Mauveine

Mauveine was also known as aniline purple and Perkin's mauve. It was the first synthetic organic chemical dye, discovered by accident in 1856.

In 1856, William Henry Perkin, then 18, was given a challenge by his professor to synthesize quinine. His professor, August Wilhelm von Hofmann, was the first director of the Royal College of Chemistry in London.

In one attempt, Perkin oxidized aniline using potassium dichromate. This failed, but cleaning the flask with alcohol, Perkin noticed the alcohol had turned purple.

The dye turned out to be suitable for silk and other textiles. It was patented by Perkin, who the next year opened a dyeworks mass-producing it at Greenford on the banks of the Grand Union Canal in London. 

It was originally called "aniline purple" or "Tyrian purple", the name of an ancient natural dye got from a mollusc. In 1859, the colour got the name "mauve" in England from the French name for the mallow flower, and chemists later called it "mauveine". By 1870, the huge demand dropped when other colours were launched in the synthetic dye industry. Mauvine was the first of many.

The structure of mauveine was not fully identified until 1994.

Chennai Express

Chennai Express is a 2013 romantic action comedy movie. It was directed by Rohit Shetty. It was produced by Red Chillies Entertainment.

The film received mixed reviews from critics and it broke several box office records in India and abroad, becoming the quickest film to collect net domestically. The film surpassed "3 Idiots" (2009) to become the highest-grossing Bollywood film worldwide at that point. It is the 22nd highest grossing Indian film of all time.

At the 59th Filmfare Awards, "Chennai Express" received 7 nominations, including Best Film, Best Director (Shetty), Best Actor (Khan) and Best Actress (Padukone).

Rahul's (Shah Rukh Khan) trip to fulfill his late grandfather's last wish turns into an unexpected adventure when he meets a unique young woman (Deepika Padukone) from southern India.



Rohit Shetty

Rohit Shetty is an Indian movie director. He has created a number of movies like the "Golmaal" films, "Singham", and more. His most successful movie has been "Chennai Express".

He was born to Ratna Shetty, a Bollywood junior artiste, and M. B. Shetty. He has four siblings.

Stockholm Sweden Temple

The Stockholm Sweden Temple () is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Sweden. It is located in Västerhaninge.

In April 1981 it was announced the temple would be built. It was opened on 2 July 1985.


Sofia Albertina Church

Sofia Albertina Church () a church building in Landskrona in Sweden. It belongs to the Landskrona Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was opened in 1788. However the two towers were not completed until 1816.

Amanda Tapping

Amanda Tapping (born 28 August 1965) is an English-Canadian actress, producer and director. She is best known for portraying Samantha Carter in the TV series Stargate SG-1. She also played Helen Magnus in Sanctuary.

Tapping was born in Rochford, Essex and moved to Ontario at age three. 


Angered

Angered is a locality in Gothenburg Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. It is located 12 kilometers north of the town of Gothenburg. In 2010, 950 people lived there.

Joely Richardson

Joely Richardson (born 9 January 1965) is an English actress. She played Margrete in "Shining Through". She also played Christine in "I'll Do Anything". She is the younger daughter of actress Vanessa Redgrave.

She was born in London, England.

Landmark decision

A Landmark decision, or Landmark court decision, establishes new precedents that establish a significant new legal principle or concept. Or it changes the interpretation of existing law. In Commonwealth countries, a reported decision is said to be a "leading decision". This is when it has come to be generally regarded as settling the law of the question involved. 

A landmark decision is "a most important case which has establish a law firmly in an area, usually referring to a U.S. Supreme Court case." A landmark decision may have either long-term or short-term significance. Politics, economics or other changes in society may reduce the effects of a landmark decision. A landmark decision is one that changes an entire area of the law during a period of time.

The United States Constitution did not provide for judicial review of laws and court decisions. It was a power the US Supreme court assumed (took) for itself with its first landmark decision. In the decision "Marbury v. Madison" (1803) the court established its "power to say what the law is". The court gave itself the right to interpret the constitution.

Primer (movie)

Primer is an American science fiction drama movie. It is about friends who accidentally discover a way to time travel. The movie was released in 2004.

Shane Carruth, who made the movie by himself, also plays the starring role, because he could not find anyone else to do it. Some of his family members and friends are also in it. The only actor he hired was David Sullivan.

"Primer" has a confusing plot. The dialogue is difficult to understand. Carruth decided not to make the language simpler for the audience. The movie won the Grand Jury Prize at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival. It then played in a small number of theatres in the United States. It is also available on DVD. It is now popular as a cult movie. People still talk and write about how to figure out the plot.

Four engineers, who are friends, work together during the day. At night, they run a side business from Aaron's (Shane Carruth) garage. With the money they make, they do research for their own inventions. Two drop out after an argument over what to work on next, leaving Aaron and Abe (David Sullivan).

Aaron and Abe work on a machine that will make an object weigh less. This would happen by changing the effects of gravity. The machine seems to work as planned, but it has a side effect. An object ( a Weeble) left in the machine uses 1300 times the amount of time the machine was turned on for. Abe thinks that objects inside the box travel over and over, from the time the box was turned on to the time it was turned off.

Abe secretly builds a machine large enough to put himself in. After using it to go back in time to earlier that morning, he proves how it works to Aaron. Abe and Aaron build another machine so they each will have one to travel in. Abe and Aaron start using the time machines to make money in the stock market. After a while, they get riskier with their travels and begin to try to change other events.

Thomas Granger is the father of Abe's girlfriend Rachel. Somehow he discovers that the time machines exist. He time travels, but because he does not do it correctly, he ends up in a coma. Aaron thinks that, at some unknown time in the future, Granger entered the box (for unknown reasons). This changed the timeline in bad ways. Abe is frightened by this and decides that time travel is too dangerous to keep doing. He tries to stop his past self from using the machine any more, so he won't get any bad effects. He uses a "failsafe" machine, which he had already built secretly and kept running in a hidden location. He travels back farther in time than his first trip (four days) and before he had told Aaron about time travel. He thinks this will repair any problems.

But, Aaron had found out about this failsafe box and used it to try to get control of the timelines for both of them. Meeting at a park bench, Aaron shows Abe that he has been using a recording to say their conversation from an earlier time to fool him. Aaron says he fought and was drugged by an earlier double (or copy) of himself, who used the failsafe to come back and make the recordings. This Aaron wants to travel back in time to undo the events of a party. A party crasher had tried to shoot Rachel Granger. Abe agrees to try to change the events of the party with Aaron. The two succeed, but it is not clear how many times of travelling back it takes.

Now, Abe and Aaron no longer trust each other, so their friendship is ruined. Aaron and Abe fight. Abe warns Aaron never to return or interfere with their doubles. Abe stays behind to continue to try to keep the original Abe and Aaron from ever using the machines for time travel. Aaron travels to France by air and begins to build a room-sized time machine with a group of workers there.

Carruth has a college degree in mathematics and worked as an engineer. While writing the dialogue, Carruth studied physics, so the conversations would sound real. He used the short phrases and jargon that scientists use when they are working. The time machine itself is a plain gray box. It has an electronic "hum" made with a mechanical grinder and a car engine. The movie was shot in industrial parks and little houses in the suburbs.

"Primer" was filmed near Dallas, Texas in 2001. The scenes in the public library where Abe and Aaron made their Internet stock trades were shot in the Richardson Public Library. The time machines were running in a storage facility. An airport scene was shot before the September 11 attacks in the United States. This is why the scene shows barely any security. The actors are allowed to walk to windows to watch planes leaving.

The movie was made for only $7,000 US and a crew of five. Carruth decided to play Aaron himself after having trouble finding any actors who could "break ... the habit of filling each line with so much drama". He also did all the production work on the movie, including writing the music.

After the movie was made, Carruth took two years to edit "Primer". He said he found this so difficult, he almost gave up several times. The movie was first shown to audiences and judges at the Sundance Film Festival in 2004.



All Saints Church, Gothenburg

All Saints Church () a church building in Kortedala in Gothenburg in Sweden. It belongs to the Kortedala Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was opened on All Saints' Day, 3 November 1956.

All Saints Church, Lund

All Saints Church () is a church building in the town of Lund in Sweden. It belongs to the Lund All Saints Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on Al Saints Day 1891. The church is located circa 600 meters north of the Lund Cathedral.


All Saints Church

The All Saints Church or All Saints' Church may refer to:


Church of Our Lady, Gothenburg

The Church of Our Lady () a church building in Kortedala in Gothenburg in Sweden. It earlier belonging to the Kortdeala Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated on 19 March 1972. In 2007, the Church of Sweden stopped using it. In 2008 it was sold to the Serbian Orthodox Parish. 

Cecilia Church

The Cecilia Church () a church in Vilhelmsro outside the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It was built between 1880 and 1881 as a church for the Vilhelmsro Nursing Home. It is named after Ebba Ramsay's youth friend Cecilia Willerding. The church was opened in 1903 by Diocese of Växjö bishop Herman Lindström. It later came under supervision by the Vicar of Jönköping. It was renovated in 1963. It later came under the Jönköping County Council. It was then transferred to municipal public housing in Vätterhem. Vätterhem would often rent it out for worship services, including weddings.

In 2014 it was purchased by the Romanian Orthodox Church of Sweden.

Jönköping Pentecostal Church

The Jönköping Pentecostal Church () is a church building in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Swedish Pentecostal Movement. Che current church is located near the Western Square. It was inaugurated on 1 February 1981.

Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh

Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh (born Sophie Helen Rhys-Jones; born 20 January 1965) is the wife of Prince Edward, Duke of Edinburgh. She assists her husband in his royal duties.

Rhys-Jones was born at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford, the daughter of Christopher and Mary Rhys Jones. She was raised in Brenchley, Kent. 

She married Prince Edward, Duke of Edinburgh in 1999, they have two children, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Earl of Wessex. The family's country residence is Bagshot Park in Surrey.


Jenő Buzánszky

Jenő Buzánszky (4 May 1925 – 11 January 2015) was a Hungarian footballer and coach. Buzánszky played as a right back for Hungary. During the 1950s he was a member of the legendary Hungarian national team known as the "Mighty Magyars". He was the only member of the team not to play for either Honvéd or MTK Hungária FC. After 330 league games he retired as a player and became a coach. In 1996 he became a deputy chairman of the Hungarian Football Federation. He played as right-back. During 1950's he was member of the Legendary Hungarian national team known as the Mighty Magyars. Buzánszky was considered as one of the best right-backs in Europe during the 1950's. He had pretty solid technique and also great discipline which made him an efficient full back in defence.

He was born on May 4, 1925 in the city of Dombovar. Pupil of the youth team of the football club "Dombovari Voshutos".

He made his debut in adult football in 1946 playing for the Pécs team, in which he spent one season. In 1947 he moved to Dorog, where he played 13 seasons. Most of the time he spent with the Road, he was the main player in the team's defense. He finished his professional football career with performances for the Dorog team in 1960.

In 1950, he made his debut in official matches as part of the Hungarian national team. During his career in the national team, he played 48 matches in its uniform. As part of the national team, he participated in the football tournament at the 1952 Olympic Games in Helsinki, winning the title of Olympic champion that year. As part of the national team, he participated in the 1954 World Cup in Switzerland, where he played against South Korea (9–0), with West Germany (8–3), in the quarterfinals with Brazil (4–2), in the semifinals with Uruguay (4–2) and in the final with West Germany (2–3).

He began his coaching career shortly after the end of his playing career, in 1961, heading the coaching staff of the Dorog club. During his coaching career, he also headed the teams "Esztergomi Vošos" and "Fošped Sallitok". The last place of coaching work was the Dorog club, the head coach of the team of which Jene Buzanski was from 1971 to 1978.

He died on January 11, 2015 at the age of 90 in Esztergom. He was the last surviving player of the legendary Hungarian "golden team", coached by Gustav Szebes. He was buried in the Cathedral of the Basilica of St. Stephen.

Hungary



Frans Bolweg

Frans Bolweg (30 March 1950 – 10 January 2015) was a Dutch sailor, scout, speaker, National Race Officer, and since 1995 International Judge. Bolweg was Amsterdam, Netherlands. Bolweg had a short career, in Clipper, Europe and Laser, as regatta sailor however developed himself into a race organizer.

Bolweg died of eye cancer in Monnickendam, Netherlands, aged 64.

Jack Kemp

Jack French Kemp (July 13, 1935May 2, 2009) was an American politician and a collegiate and professional football player. A Republican, he served as Housing Secretary in the administration of President George H. W. Bush from 1989 to 1993.

Kemp was known for being a top adviser to President Ronald Reagan. He helped Reagan pass the Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981. Some people say that he helped create the Reagan Revolution during the 1980s.

Kemp served nine terms as a congressman for Western New York's 31st congressional district from 1971 to 1989. He was the Republican Party's nominee for Vice President in the 1996 election, where he was the running mate of presidential nominee Bob Dole.

Kemp had previously contended for the presidential nomination in the 1988 Republican primaries.

Kemp died of cancer of unknown primary origin in Bethesda, Maryland, aged 73.


Chic Littlewood

Cecil "Chic" Littlewood (17 November 1930 – 11 January 2015) was a New Zealand television entertainer and actor. He appeared as a regular on "Shortland Street" in the role of Laurie Brasch from 1993 to 1996, and had occasional roles in such series as "Mercy Peak". In 2007 he played Isaac Bulosan in the horror film "30 Days of Night", and had a small role as a security guard in Peter Jackson's remake of "King Kong".

Littlewood was born in London. He moved to New Zealand in 1964. He died in Auckland on 11 January 2015 after a long illness, aged 84.

Harry V. Jaffa

Harry V. Jaffa (October 7, 1918 – January 10, 2015) was Professor Emeritus at Claremont McKenna College and Claremont Graduate University and a distinguished fellow of the Claremont Institute. He has written on Aristotle, Thomas Aquinas, Abraham Lincoln, Thomas Jefferson, Winston Churchill, Leo Strauss, American constitutionalism, and natural law. His most famous work, "Crisis of the House Divided: An Interpretation of the Issues in the Lincoln-Douglas Debates", written in 1959, has been described as "the greatest Lincoln book ever."

Walter Berns

Walter Berns (May 3, 1919 – January 10, 2015) was an American constitutional law and political philosophy professor. He was a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and a professor emeritus at Georgetown University. Berns was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois.

Berns died on January 10, 2015 at the age of 95.


Walter Kistler

Walter P. Kistler (1918 – November 5, 2015) was a Swiss-American physicist, inventor, and philanthropist. He was born in Biel, Switzerland. Kistler is a life member of the Swiss Physical Society and a member of AIAA and ISA, which presented him the Life Achievement Award in 2000.

He held patents on more than 50 inventions in the scientific and industrial instrumentation fields, and has published a number of papers published in scientific and trade journals.


Searchlight, Nevada

Searchlight is a census-designated place (CDP) and unincorporated town in Clark County, Nevada, United States, at the topographic saddle between two mountain ranges. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 445.

Basil John Mason

Sir Basil John Mason, CB, FRCP, FRCPEd, FRFPS, FRS (18 August 1923 – 6 January 2015), better known as John Mason, was an expert on cloud physics and former Director of the UK Meteorological Office. He was born in Docking, Norfolk.

Cher (river)

The Cher is a river in central France. It is a left tributary of the Loire River. It flows through several regions of France.

The Cher and Loir-et-Cher departments are named after this river.

The Cher is long. Its drainage basin covers .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Tours, Indre-et-Loire (1966 - 2017), near its mouth.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Tours
The Cher starts in the Massif Central, in the Mérinchal municipality, Creuse department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It starts at an altitude of about .

The Cher flows, in general, to the northwest. It goes through the following regions, departments and "communes":


At its end, the Cher flows into the Loire River at the "bec du Cher" ("beak of the Cher") in the Regional nature park Loire-Anjou-Touraine ("Parc naturel régional Loire-Anjou-Touraine") in Villandry. That is about west of the city of Tours, in the Indre-et-Loire department, at of altitude.

The main tributaries, with a length greater than 50 km, of the Cher are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Nine Months

Nine Months is a 1995 American romantic comedy movie based on French movie Neuf mois. The movie is about a child psychologist having a romance with a ballet teacher. Julianne Moore plays Rebecca Taylor. Hugh Grant plays Samuel Faulkner. Joan Cusack plays Gail Dwyer.

The movie was released in July 1995. It earned back USD$138 million. Critics did not like the movie.


Suge Knight

Marion Hugh "Suge" Knight, Jr. (born April 19, 1965) is the founder and chief executive officer of Black Kapital Records. He is the former CEO of Death Row Records. He worked with Tupac Shakur, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg and other rappers on the Death Row Record label.

Knight was born in Compton, California.
Knight has been convicted of assault. He has been in prison for violating parole.

Jack Thompson (activist)

Jack Thompson (born July 25, 1951) is an American activist and former lawyer. He is known for being an activist against sex and violence in video games. He has also fought against rap music, mainly because of its obscenity.

In July 2008, Thompson was permanently disbarred, meaning his license to be a lawyer was taken away. That was done because of bad behavior and saying things that were not true to tribunals.

Thompson was born in Cleveland, Ohio.

Brooklyn Decker

Brooklyn Decker (born April 12, 1987) is an American fashion model and actress. She appeared on "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Issue in 2010. She played Samantha Shane in the 2012 movie "Battleship". She also played the part of Sklyer in What to Expect When You Are Expecting.

Decker was born in Kettering, Ohio.

Kaolinite

Kaolinite or Kaolin is a clay mineral. It is in a group with the chemical composition AlSiO(OH). It is a layered silicate mineral, with one tetrahedral sheet linked through oxygen atoms to one octahedral sheet of alumina. Rocks that are rich in kaolinite are known as kaolin or china clay.

The name is after Kao-Ling, a village near Jingdezhen, Jiangxi province, China. The name entered English in 1727 from the French "kaolin", used in a Jesuit priest's reports from Jingdezhen. In Africa, kaolin is sometimes known as "kalaba" or calaba.

Kaolinite is a soft, earthy, usually white mineral (dioctahedral phyllosilicate clay). It is produced by the chemical weathering of aluminium silicate minerals like feldspar. In many parts of the world, it is colored pink-orange-red by iron oxide, giving it a distinct rust hue. Lighter concentrations yield white, yellow or light orange colors. Alternating layers are sometimes found, as at Providence Canyon State Park in Georgia, United States. Commercial grades of kaolin are supplied and transported as dry powder, semi-dry noodle or as liquid slurry.

Kaolinite is said to have a low shrink-swell capacity and a low cation-exchange capacity, which makes it ideal for various industrial applications.


Roman Catholic Diocese of Stockholm

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Stockholm (; ) is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Sweden. The seat is in Stockholm. The diocese is the only Roman Catholic one in Sweden since the Protestant Reformation back in the 16th century.

In current form, the diocese has been around since 1953.

Diocese of Stockholm

The Diocese of Stockholm may refer to:


Royal chapel

A royal chapel is a chapel that is used, or historical has been, by a monarch or royal court or royal family. A royal chapel is often located inside or near a royal palace.


Anna Stadling

Anna Stadling born 11 July 1970 in Sundsvall, Sweden is a Swedish musical artist. She contributes with background vocals and plays the guitar in the band Hovet. She has also played with Staffan Hellstrand. Also she has worked together with Idde Schultz. Anna Stadling has scored successes at the Swedish charts.




Vuollerim

Vuollerim is a locality in Jokkmokk Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 732 people lived there.


Pyrenean Sheepdog

The Pyrenean Sheepdog is a medium-small breed of dog. It comes from the South of France, in the Pyrenees Mountains. The Pyrenean Shepherd is a herding dog. The breed in the northern part of the mountains, where the climate is colder, was originally long-haired and all white. In the Basque area of Spain, the smaller breed of the dog was primarily used to protect the sheep from bear and wolf attacks.

They may have been a companion of Cro-Magnon man. Pictographs of a similar looking dog were found at Lascaux. They are an ancient and intelligent breed and the Phrenean Shepherd is one of the oldest existing dog breeds. They have been used since the middle ages to help with livestock.
The breed became popular for a time with French royalty. This is when the son of XIV was in Barèges, France and became fond of a Pyrenees. He took it back to live with him in Louvre in Paris.

In the 1880s, Queen Victoria owned one of the great white dogs. It was at that time that the British Kennel Club recognized the Pyrenean Mountain Dog as a breed. In the 1930s two puppies were brought to Needham, Massachusetts and bred which helped to save the species. The Pyrenean Shepherds were used to carry packs during World War I.

The Pyrenean Shepherd has many different looks. The breed is either smooth-faced or rough-faced. One type, common today, is said to look like a cross between a Collie and a teddy bear.


Raw Footage

Raw Footage is the eighth studio album by American rapper, Ice Cube. "Raw Footage" was released on 19 August 2008 through Lench Mob Records. The album featured the singles "Gangsta Rap Made Me Do It" and "Do Ya Thang".

The album debuted at #1 on both the "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and the Top Rap Albums Charts. It also debuted at #5 on the "Billboard" 200.

Habo Pentecostal Church

The Habo Pentecostal Church () is a church building in the locality of Habo in Sweden. It belongs to the Swedish Pentecostal Movement. The church was inaugurated in 11–12 October 1969. In 1995 it was renovated.


Jessie James Decker

Jessica Rose "Jessie" James Decker (born April 12, 1988) is an Italian-American country-pop singer-songwriter. Her first album, "Jessie James", was released in August of 2009. 

Jessie James was born in Vicenza, Italy.

List of Pentecostal churches

The Pentecostal Church may refer to:


Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome

Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome is a condition involving the human heart. WPW is caused by the presence of an abnormal pathway between the atria and the ventricles. 

Sudden cardiac death in people with WPW is rare. Some people may experience low blood pressure with WPW.

Country pop

Country pop is a sub-genre of country music and pop music. This music emerged in the 1970s. Country pop acts either cross over to adult contemporary or Top 40.

Examples of country pop musicians include Taylor Swift, Shania Twain, Jessica Simpson, The Band Perry and Crystal Gayle.

Nashville sound

Nashville sound is a sub-genre of country music. It emerged in the late 1950s. It replaced the dominance of honky-tonk (popular during the 1940s and 1950s).

Examples of Nashville sound include Eddy Arnold, Brenda Lee and Patsy Cline. 

Habo Mission Covenant Church

The Habo Mission Covenant Church () is a church building in the locality of Habo in Sweden. It belongs to both the Uniting Church in Sweden and the Swedish Alliance Mission. The current church building was opened in March 1983.


Salem Church in Habo

The Salem Church in Habo () is a church building in the locality of Habo in Sweden. It belongs to the Evangelical Free Church in Sweden the churrent church building was opened on 31 May 1991.


Sammi Smith

Jewel Faye Smith (aka Sammi Smith; August 5, 1943 – February 12, 2005) was an American country music singer and songwriter. She had the 1971 hit single "Help Me Make it Through the Night". Smith had other songs as well.

She was born in Orange County, California. She died in Oklahoma City.

Smyrna Church Habo

The Smyrna Church Habo () is a church building in the locality of Habo in Sweden. It belongs the Evangelical Free Church in Sweden. It was inaugurated on First Advent Sunday 1975.


Furusjö Alliance Church

The Furusjö Alliance Church () is a church building in the locality of Furusjö in Sweden. The church was opened on 28 November 1920. It belongs to the Swedish Alliance Mission.


Saint Sava Serbian Orthodox Church, Stockholm

The Saint Sava Serbian Orthodox Church () is a church building in Enskede gård in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It was taken into use in 1991. However it was not officially inaugurated until 5 October 2014.


Kim Matula

Kimberly Marie Matula (born August 27, 1988) is an American actress. She played Hope on "The Bold and the Beautiful". She played Mia in "The Defenders".

She was born in Fort Worth, Texas.

Jönköping Catholic Church

The Jönköping Catholic Church () is a church building in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Swedish Roman Catholic Church. The church was opened on 30 November 1974.


Kungsporten Church

The Kungsporten Church () is a church building in Öxnehaga in Huskvarna in Sweden. It belongs to the Evangelical Free Church in Sweden. The church was opened in November 2001.


Asecs

Asecs, earlier A6 center, is a shopping mall in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. The shopping mall was opened on 2 April 1987. That was following the 1985 disestablishment of the Småland Artillery Regiment.

The shopping mall is located on both the northern and the southern side of the E4 motorway. These parts are connected with a covered bridge that spans across the motorway. Major parts of the shopping mall are located at this bridge. The bridge also housed a McDonald’s restaurant until 2019. From that restaurant, the motorway can be seen.

The mall changed its name spelling-wise to Asecs on 26 October 2017.

Asecs can also be reached by train. The closest stationen is at Rocksjön.


Nyköpingsbro

Nyköpingsbro is a rest area with restaurants. It is located near the E4 motorway southwest of the town Nyköping in Sweden. The facility was opened in October 1986. The facility is built as a covered bridge restaurant.

Gävlebro

Gävlebro is a rest area with a restaurant, located near the E4 motorway outside Gävle in Sweden. It was inaugurated on 15 December 1987. The facility is built as a covered bridge restaurant.

Platy

The platy fish is a small tropical fish that is found naturally in the warm waters of America. Today, platys are very popular as pets.

Platys are small fish. They grow to 2.5 centimeters. Their come from America. They live there in creeks, canals, ditches and swamps. These habitats have lots of plants, stones and branches to hide in. Platys like a tank with live plants on the sides and back. They hide in the plants. They also eat them. Their tank should have good lighting and lots of open area in the center for swimming.

Platy will eat almost anything that fits into its mouth. As pets, they eat can fish flakes. They can also eat frozen or live food like daphnia or bloodworms. In the wild platy fish will eat algae and plants.

Ansgar's Church

The Ansgar's Church () was a church building in Vättersnäs in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belonged to the Uniting Church in Sweden.

It was inaugurated on 17 October 1965. The church was destroyed by a fire on 3 August 2021.

According to a police report published on 12 August the same year a lightning strike caused the fire. This conclusion has later been questioned. No thunder was recorded by the SMHI witnesses claimed to have noticed firework explosions.


Umeå Pentecostal Church

The Umeå Pentecostal Church () is a church building in Umeå, Sweden. It belongs to the Swedish Pentecostal Movement. It is located in the eastern parts of town. The church was earlier known as the Philadelphia Church (). The church hosted the broadcastings of Swedish TV programme "Hela kyrkan sjunger".

Brian Clemens

Brian Horace Clemens (30 July 1931 – 10 January 2015) was an English screenwriter and television producer. He was best known for his work on the television shows "The Avengers" and "The Professionals". He also wrote and producer the movie "Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde" (1971).

Clemens was born in Croydon, Surrey. He was related to the American writer Mark Twain (1835–1910). He was married and had two sons.

Clemens died on 10 January 2015 at the age of 83.

Elena Obraztsova

Elena Vasiliyevna Obraztsova (; 7 July 1939 – 12 January 2015) was a Russian mezzo-soprano. She said by some to be one of the greatest opera singers of all time because of her large stage presence and vocal talent. She won around fifteen award in her career.

Obraztsova was born in Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg). She also lived there during the siege in World War II from August 1941 until January 1943.

Obraztsova died on 12 January 2015 while having medical treatment in Leipzig, Saxony, Germany, aged 75.

Chevrolet Aveo

The North American Chevrolet Aveo was a subcompact car sold by General Motors (GM) since 2002 to 2011. It was first made by GM Korea (formerly GMDAT). Now it is made by GM in many places, except North America. The North American Aveo was replaced by the Chevrolet Sonic in 2011.

The car was first sold as the Daewoo Kalos from 1999-2002. It was later sold as a Chevrolet model when General Motors bought the company. Chevrolet replaced the Suzuki based Metro with this car. In 2004 it was sold by Pontiac, Chevrolet, Suzuki and Holden. In other countries different names were used. These include the Chevrolet Kalos, Chevrolet Lova, ZAZ Vida and Pontiac G3. In 2005 a freshened sedan was introduced, this time made by fellow GM automaker Adam Opel AG. This was followed by a Malibu-based hatchback. In 2012 the second generation Aveo was renamed the Sonic. The sonic has several design changes. The Chevrolet Sonic name is used in North America. The same design is sold as the Holden Barina in Australasia. However, the car is still sold as Aveo in other parts of the world.



<br>

Elemér Hankiss

Elemér Hankiss (4 May 1928 – 10 January 2015) was a Hungarian sociologist. He taught at universities such as Stanford University and Central European University. He also wrote over ten books. From 1990 until 1993, he was the President of Hungarian Television.
Hankiss was born in Debrecen. His father was literature professor. He studied the English and French languages at Eötvös Loránd University. His first wife was politician Ágnes Hankiss. He had two children.

Hankiss died after a short illness on 10 January 2015 in Budapest. He was 86.

Carl Long (baseball)

Carl Long (May 9, 1935 – January 12, 2015) was an American baseball outfielder. He was a Negro league and minor league baseball player. He played from 1952 until 1957 for teams such as: the Birmingham Black Baron, the Philadelphia Stars, St. Jean Canadians, Billings Mustangs, Phoenix Stars, Kinston Eagles, Beaumont Pirates, and Mexico City Tigers.

Long was born in Rock Hill, South Carolina. He grew up in Kinston, North Carolina.

Long died on January 12, 2015 after having many strokes in November 2014. He was 79.

Doriemus

Doriemus (17 November 1990 – 11 January 2015) was a Thoroughbred racehorse. He began his career in New Zealand and became famous Australia by winning the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups in 1995. He became just the ninth horse to win both cups.

Doriemus was euthanised due to a hoof infection after a paddock accident on 11 January 2015. He was 24.

Mark Juddery

Stanford Mark Juddery (8 March 1971 – 13 January 2015) was an Australian freelance journalist, author, and columnist. His work has appeared in such newspapers as "The Canberra Times", "The Australian", and "The Sydney Morning Herald". He also worked for magazines including "The Bulletin", "Empire", "Inside Sport", "Mad Magazine" and "Griffith Review". He also wrote the book "Best. Times. Ever." (2014).

Juddery died from cancer on 13 January 2015 in Canberraat age 43.

Keith Wright (Australian politician)

Keith Webb Wright (9 January 1942 – 13 January 2015) was an Australian politician, educator, and convicted child rapist. He was first a Labor politician before becoming independent. He served as the Leader of the Opposition of Queensland from 20 October 1982 until 29 August 1984. He was also an MP for Capricornia from 1 December 1984 until 13 March 1993. From December 1993, he served an eight year jail sentence for child rape.

Wright was born in Toowoomba, Queensland. He was educated at the University of Queensland and Kelvin Grove Teachers College in Brisbane before becoming a teacher and author. After serving his prison sentence, he lived in Vietnam and worked at a language academy.

Wright died on 13 January 2015 in Vietnam, aged 72.

John Snow

John Snow (15 March 1813 – 16 June 1858) was an English physician. He used anaesthesia and medical hygiene. He is a founder of modern epidemiology because he traced the source of a cholera outbreak in Soho, London, in 1854. His findings caused changes in the water and sewage systems of London. This led to similar changes in other cities, and a great improvement in general public health around the world.

In 1837 Snow began working at the Westminster Hospital. Admitted as a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England on 2 May 1838, he graduated from the University of London in December 1844 and was admitted to the Royal College of Physicians in 1850.

Snow was one of the first to study dosages for the use of ether and chloroform as surgical anaesthetics. This let patients to undergo surgery and obstetrics without distress and pain. He personally administered chloroform to Queen Victoria when she gave birth to the last two of her nine children, Leopold in 1853 and Beatrice in 1857. This lead to wider acceptance of obstetric anaesthesia.

Snow did not understand the mechanism by which the disease was transmitted. His observation of the evidence led him to discount the theory of 'foul air'. 

By talking to local residents, he found the source of the outbreak was the public water pump on Broad Street (now Broadwick Street). Snow's chemical and microscope examination of a water sample from the Broad Street pump did not "conclusively" prove its danger. However, his studies of the pattern of the disease were convincing enough. The local council disabled the well pump by removing its handle. This action is usually credited with ending the outbreak, but Snow saw that the epidemic may have already been in rapid decline:

Snow also showed that the Southwark and Vauxhall Waterworks Company was taking water from sewage-polluted sections of the Thames and delivering the water to homes, so causing the cholera. Snow's study was a major event in the history of public health and geography. It was the founding event of the science of epidemiology.

Snow died young after a stroke. Health in Victorian London was vastly improved by engineering works for sewage treatment and water supply. This included building huge pipes under ground which kept sewage and water supplies separate. This system was so successful that it lasted until the later part of the 20th century.

Victorian London became one of the few large cities in the world to be free of epidemics carried by the water supply. The British later built the water and sewage systems in many other countries, especially those in, or connected with, the British Empire (Cairo, Khartoum, New Delhi and so on). The growth in population has made the water unsafe again in many places, but round about 1900 a clean water supply was available in many parts of the world. All this was a consequence of Snow's work, and the engineering methods of Sir Joseph Bazalgette.


Stealing Harvard

Stealing Harvard is a 2002 American criminal comedy movie. It was directed by Bruce McCulloch and was produced by Susan Cavan. "Stealing Harvard" was released on September 13, 2002.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 9% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. At the 2002 Golden Raspberry Awards, Tom Green was nominated for Worst Supporting Actor but lost to Hayden Christensen for his portrayal of Anakin Skywalker in "".



Just Married

Just Married is a 2003 American romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Shawn Levy and was produced by Robert Simonds and Lauren Shuler Donner. "Just Married" was released on January 10, 2003.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 19% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. At the 2004 Golden Raspberry Awards, Ashton Kutcher was nominated for Worst Actor, Brittany Murphy was nominated for Worst Supporting Actress and both Kutcher and Murphy were nominated for Worst Screen Couple. They did not win any of the awards they were nominated for.


Thor-Erics

Thor-Erics was a dansband in Hyssna in Sweden. The band was established in 1963. On 27 December 1999, the band performed for last time. The band appeared at TV in Sweden and Norway several times. Nick Borgen performed with the band by the late 1970s and early 1980s.






Curt Görans

Curt Görans was a dansband from Eskilstuna in Sweden. The band scored Svensktoppen chart succcesses during the mid 1970s.


Small Town Singers

Small Town Singers is a musical group in Söderköping in Sweden. The group was established in 1967. They several sevral Svensktoppen successes during the mid-late 1970s and early 1980s. Sometimes, they still appear for sporadical performances.


Lina Sandell

Lina Sandell (full name: Karolina Wilhelmina Sandell-Berg), (born 3 October 1832 in Fröderyd, Sweden, dead 27 July 1903 in Stockholm, Sweden) was a Swedish writer of Christian songs. She was the daughter of a Lutheran minister. She grew up in the rectory at Fröderyd. When she was 26 years old she went with her father, Jonas Sandell, on a boat trip across lake of Vättern. Her father fell overboard and drowned in her presence. This incident inspired many of her songs.

She wrote famous songs like "Tryggare kan ingen vara" and "Blott en dag". She was buried at the Solna Church.

Little Black Book

Little Black Book is a 2004 American satirical comedy movie. It was directed by Nick Hurran and was produced by Elaine Goldsmith-Thomas, Deborah Schindler, William Sherak, and Jason Shuman. "Little Black Book" was released on August 6, 2004.

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 21% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Scott Brown of "Entertainment Weekly" rated the movie a D and said "The big climax isn't climactic, just hysterical and incoherent. Murphy, with her bug-eyed, love-me mugging, is simply too slight and gawky to play the Everygirl."



Knut's party

A Knut's party or Knut's dance (, literally: "Christmas tree pludering") is a tradition in Sweden on St. Knut's Day (13 January). It means the end of the Christmas and holiday season. The Christmas and holiday season has then spanned across Advent Sunday, Saint Lucy's Day, Christmas, New Year and Epiphany. In private homes, especially children often have a party. They dance around the Christmas tree and smash the gingerbread house into pieces. The Christmas decorations are then put aside. Such parties are even common at schools, Kindergartens, churches and other associations. In many towns the public Christmas tree is taken out of usage for the bypassed Christmas by holding an outdoor Knut's dance. The tradition originates from the Nordic region. It has changed very little since the 1870s.


Without a Paddle

Without a Paddle is a 2004 American comedy movie. It was directed by Steven Brill and was produced by Donald DeLine. "Without a Paddle" was released on 10 January 2003. The movie is about three childhood friends who reunite and go on a trip to a river to search for the treasure of a lost airplane hijacker. A spinoff was released direct-to-video on 13 January 2009 titled "".

The movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 14% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.


Landvetter

Landvetter is a locality in Härryda Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 7,152 people lived there. The Göteborg Landvetter Airport is located near the locality. The airport is even named after the locality.

Immanuel Church, Norrköping

The Immanuel Church () is a church building in Norrköping, Sweden. It was built by the "Immanuel Church Congregation" in 1956. Since 2020 it is owned by the two congregations "Baptistförsamlingen Saron-Korskyrkan" (part of Evangelical Free Church in Sweden) and "Norrköping Vineyard" (part of "Vineyard Nordic"). The "Immanuel Church Congregation" is still active in it.

The Immanuel Church Congregation () belongs to the Uniting Church in Sweden. It earlier belonged to the Mission Covenant Church of Sweden. It previously had a church building opened on 28 December 1884.


Cotton Club

The Cotton Club was a New York City night club in the 1920s and 30s.It was first in the Harlem neighborhood on 142nd St & Lenox Ave from 1923 to 1935. Then for a brief period from 1936 to 1940 it was in the midtown Theater District. The club was a big success in America's Prohibition Era.

The club had a whites-only policy for customers, but featured many of the best black entertainers and jazz musicians of the era. Stars included (musicians) Cab Calloway, Andrew Preer, Fletcher Henderson, Duke Ellington, Jimmie Lunceford, Louis Armstrong, Count Basie, Fats Waller - (vocalists) Adelaide Hall, Lottie Gee, Ethel Waters, Avon Long, Aida Ward, Edith Wilson, the Dandridge Sisters, Avis Andrews, Will Vodery Choir, Berry Brothers, Nina Mae McKinney, Billie Holiday, Lena Horne and (dancers) Bill Robinson, The Nicholas Brothers, Stepin Fetchit, Butterbeans and Suzy, Earl Snakehips Tucker and Evelyn Welch.

During its heyday, the Cotton Club served as a hip meeting spot featuring regular "Celebrity Nights" on Sundays, which featured celebrity guests such as Jimmy Durante, George Gershwin, Sophie Tucker, Paul Robeson, Al Jolson, Mae West, Richard Rodgers, Irving Berlin, Eddie Cantor, Fanny Brice, Langston Hughes, Judy Garland, Moss Hart and Mayor Jimmy Walker among others.

The club was set up by world boxing champion Jack Johnson, but taken over by the Yorkshire-born gangster Owney Madden in 1923. Johnson stayed on as manager.

Israel Kolmodin

Israel Kolmodin, born 24 December 1643, dead 19 April 1709, was a Swedish hymnwriter and Lutheran priest. He was active within the Church of Sweden. He is usually credited for having written the song "Den blomstertid nu kommer".

Sigrid Sköldberg-Pettersson

Sigrid Sköldberg-Pettersson, born 7 October 1870 in Stockholm, Sweden, dead 15 October 1941 in Oscar Parish, Stockholm, Sweden was a Swedish song lyricist. She has written many children's songs. One of her most famous works is the lyrics for the Christmas song "Raska fötter springa tripp, tripp, tripp" ("Liten julvisa"). The music music was composed by Emmy Köhler.

Emmy Köhler

Emmy Köhler, born 22 May 1858 in Stockholm, Sweden, died 2 February 1925 in Fresta, Sweden was a Swedish hymnwriter and writer. Among her more famous works is the Christmas carol "Nu tändas tusen juleljus" and the music for the children's Christmas song "Raska fötter springa tripp, tripp, tripp" ("Liten julvisa"). The lyrics of the later mentioned song were written by Sigrid Sköldberg-Pettersson.

Anna-Lisa Frykman

Anna-Lisa Frykman born Anna Elisabet Frykman on 4 January 1889 in Stockholm, Sweden, dead 14 June 1960 in Stockholm, Sweden was a Swedish composer, song lyricist and teacher. One of her most famous works is the children's song "Kungens lilla piga". She also wrote the Christmas song "Julpolskan". She was also active under the pseudonym "Eolus".

Kristdala

Kristdala is a locality in Oskarshamn Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 945 people lived there.

Curly Sue

Curly Sue is a 1991 American romantic comedy-drama movie. It is about a homeless man and his daughter who move from Detroit to Chicago. Alisan Porter plays Curly Sue. Kelly Lynch plays Grey. The movie received negative reviews from critics.


Jorgelina Aranda

Jorgelina Julia Aranda (19 August 1942 – 10 January 2015) was an Argentine actress, model and singer. She was known for her role in "Il Gaucho". Aranda was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Aranda died of cancer in Buenos Aries, aged 72.

Hara Patnaik

Hara Pattanaik (, 12 October 1958 – 13 January 2015) was an Indian movie actor, director and screenplay writer. He has acted over 60 Oriya movies and directed about 19 others. Patnaik was known for his roles in "Sathire" (2004), "Ganga Jamuna" (1997) and "Nari Bi Pindhipare Rakta Sindura" (1997). 

Parranaik died on 13 January 2015 of cancer.

Michelle Ryan

Michelle Ryan (born 22 April 1984) is an English actress. She is known for portraying the role of Zoe Slater on the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" (2000–2005).
She also played Lady Christina de Souza in 2009 on "Doctor Who".

She was born in Enfield, Greater London.

The Buffalo Club

The Buffalo Club is an American country music group formed in 1997.


James B. Adams

James Blackburn Adams (December 21, 1926 – April 25, 2020) was an American attorney and politician. He served as an acting director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation from February 15, 1978 through February 23, 1978. He was born in Corsicana, Texas.

Adams died on April 25, 2020 in Kerrville, Texas of a suspected heart attack, aged 93.

Whiplash (2014 movie)

Whiplash is a 2014 American drama movie about a jazz student and his teacher in New York City. It was written and directed by Damien Chazelle, and starring Miles Teller, J. K. Simmons and Paul Reiser. Filming of the movie took less than a month. It received positive reviews.

Freejack

Freejack is a 1992 science fiction and action movie directed by Geoff Murphy. This movie is set in the year 2009. It is about very wealthy people becoming immortal. Rene Russo plays Julie. Mick Jagger plays Victor. Emilio Estevez plays Alex.

The movie got very bad reviews from movie critics.


Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness

Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness is the third studio album by the Smashing Pumpkins. The Smashing Pumpkins is an American alternative rock band. Virgin Records released the album on October 24, 1995 in the United Kingdom. Virgin released it one day later in the United States. Billy Corgan produced the album with Mark Ellis and Alan Moulder. The album has 28 songs in it. It has many different types of music, such as heavy metal, alternative rock, and grunge.

The album was number one on the "Billboard" 200 music chart. In one week, over 240,000 copies of the album were sold. One of the most popular songs from the album was "Bullet with Butterfly Wings". It was the first single from the album. The album had four other singles: "1979", "Zero", "Tonight, Tonight", and "Thirty-Three". The RIAA gave the album a diamond certification. The album was nominated for seven Grammy Awards.

The band recorded many songs when they were making the album. They did not put all of these songs onto the album. They used many songs that they made for "Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness" on other albums. Many music critics liked the album, and said that it was one of the band's best albums.


Florence Chadwick

Florence May Chadwick (November 9, 1918 – March 15, 1995) was an American swimmer. She was known for long-distance swimming. At age 10 she was the first child to swim the Catalina Channel. Chadwick was the first woman to swim the English Channel in both directions. She set a time record each time. She was the first woman to swim the Straits of Gibraltar, the Bosporus (one way), and the Dardanelles (round trip).

Asa Hutchinson

William Asa Hutchinson II (, ""; born December 3, 1950) is an American attorney, businessman, and politician. He was the 46th Governor of Arkansas from 2015 to 2023. He is a Republican. He was the administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration during the George W. Bush administration from 2001 to 2003. Before, he was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1997 to 2001. Hutchinson unsuccessfully ran for President of the United States in the 2024 election.

Hutchinson was born in Bentonville, Arkansas. He is a descendant of Alexander Simpson Hutchinson, a government official and slave owner in South Carolina and Arkansas. He earned his bachelor's degree from Bob Jones University in 1972. He received his J.D. from the University of Arkansas School of Law in 1975. 

In 1982, President Ronald Reagan hired Hutchinson as the U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Arkansas. At age 31, Hutchinson was the nation's youngest U.S. Attorney. He helped prosecute a white supremacist organization founded by polygamist James Ellison.

In 1986, Hutchinson unsuccessfully ran against Democratic U.S. Senator Dale Bumpers. He successfully ran for the United States House of Representatives in 1996, representing Arkansas's 3rd congressional district.

Hutchinson resigned from the U.S. House when President George W. Bush picked him to be Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration. In 2003, Bush appointed Hutchinson as the Under Secretary for border and transportation security at the newly created Department of Homeland Security. Hutchinson retired from the Bush administration in 2005.

In 2006, Hutchinson was the Republican nominee for Governor of Arkansas, but lost to Democratic nominee Mike Beebe. In 2014, Hutchinson was again the Republican nominee for governor, this time beating the Democratic nominee, U.S. Representative Mike Ross. He was reelected in 2018.

While serving as governor, Arkansas started having executions again in 2017 after having executed no one since 2005. Under his time as governor, over 17,000 Arkansans lost their Medicaid coverage over a rule Hutchinson pushed for which required them to work.

In February 2019, Hutchinson signed a bill into law that would criminalize abortion should "Roe v. Wade" be overturned.

From 2020 to 2021, Hutchinson was vice chair of the National Governors Association. From 2021 to 2022, he was chair of the association.

In May 2022, Hutchinson said he would think about running for president in 2024 even if former President Donald Trump ran again.

On April 2, 2023, Hutchinson announced his candidacy for the 2024 Republican Party presidential primaries.

Hutchinson announced the suspension of his campaign on January 16, 2024, the day after the Iowa Republican caucus.

In 1973, Hutchinson married Susan Burrell. They have four children.

Hutchinson's older brother, Tim, is a former U.S. representative and U.S. senator.


Songs from the West Coast

Songs from the West Coast is the 26th studio album by Elton John and was released on 1 October 2001. It went to top 20 in Australia, Austria, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. It was nominated for an Grammy Award in 2002.

All songs written by Elton John and Bernie Taupin.

United States Attorney

United States Attorneys, aka federal prosecutors or as United States District Attorneys, represent the United States federal government. They do this in U.S. district courts and U.S. courts of appeals. There are 93 U.S. Attorneys in the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam. 

U.S. Attorneys and their offices are a part of United States Department of Justice.

Each U.S. Attorney is the boss of their district, and although they are the boss they still can have hundreds of lawyers and staff to help them. All U.S. Attorneys is appointed by the President and is by the Senate of the United States and they keep their job for 4 years.

Current law says that when there is no U.S. Attorney in a district the Attorney General can appoint one for 120 days. 

There was an issue in 2006 where a law was passed which said the Attorney General could appoint a U.S. attorney to serve for as long as needed, which in a way went around the Senate confirmation process. The issue was fixed with a law passed in 2007. 

The Office of the United States Attorney was created by the .

Regency era

The Regency era was nine years from 1811 to 1820 in Great Britain. It was the time when the future George IV of the United Kingdom was Prince Regent during the long illness of his father, George III. George IV was crowned after George III's death in 1820. The Regency era was notable for its excesses, its political uncertainty, and its style. Beau Brummell, Lord Byron and the architect John Nash were important people.

The final defeat of Napoleon happened during this era. A rapid growth in population led to the growth of criminal slums in cities like London. It was a great time for architecture.

J. P. Parisé

Jean-Paul Joseph-Louis Parisé (December 11, 1941 – January 7, 2015) was a Canadian ice hockey coach and left winger. He played 17 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Boston Bruins, Minnesota North Stars, Toronto Maple Leafs, New York Islanders, and the Cleveland Barons. His son Zach currently plays for the Minnesota Wild.

Before playing in the NHL, Parisé played 38 games with the Niagara Falls Flyers of the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA), 65 games with the Kingston Frontenacs of the Eastern Professional Hockey League (EPHL), and two seasons with the Minneapolis Bruins of the Central Professional Hockey League (CPHL).

Parisé made his NHL debut in the 1965–66 NHL season with the Boston Bruins. He would only play 3 games with them that season and 18 games the next.

When the 1967–68 NHL season started, there was an expansion and expansion draft. Parisé was drafted by the Oakland Seals on June 6, 1967. On October 12, the Seals traded him along with Bryan Hextall Jr. to the Toronto Maple Leafs in exchange for Gerry Ehman. The Maple Leafs would assign Parisé to the Rochester Americans of the American Hockey League (AHL). He ended up playing 30 games with the Americans and 1 games for the Maple Leafs.

On December 23, the Maple Leafs traded him along with Milan Marcetta to the Minnesota North Stars in exchange for Murray Hall, Ted Taylor, Len Lunde, Don Johns, Duke Harris, and the loan of Carl Wetzel. He had his most success during his time with the North Stars. Parisé would play on a line with Jude Drouin and Bill Goldsworthy. He would play six seasons and parts of two others with the North Stars. He played in two NHL All-Star Games, and had his best professional season in the 1972–73 season, scoring a career high 27 goals and 75 points.

On January 5, 1975, the North Stars decided to trade the aging Parisé to the New York Islanders in exchange for Doug Rombough and Ernie Hicke. While he was with the Islanders, he was able to help them reach their first playoff berth that season and was also able to help them reach the Stanley Cup semifinals, where they were defeated in a seven-game series by the eventual Stanley Cup champions Philadelphia Flyers.

On January 10, 1978, the Islanders traded him along with Jean Potvin to the Cleveland Barons in exchange for Wayne Merrick, Darcy Regier, and Cleveland's fourth round choice (the draft choice was cancelled by the Cleveland-Minnesota merger) in 1978 Amateur Draft. After the Barons merged with the North Stars, Parisé became a North Star again. He was named the team's captain in the 1978–79 season. It would end up being his last season and he retired from playing professional ice hockey after it was over.

On January 7, 2015, Parisé died from lung cancer at his home in Prior Lake, Minnesota.


Frederik H. Kreuger

Frederik Hendrik Kreuger (14 May 1928 – 10 January 2015) was a Dutch high voltage scientist, writer, and inventor. He was a professor at the Delft University of Technology in Delft. He wrote about technical literature, nonfiction books, and thrillers. He also wrote a biography of the master forger Han van Meegeren.

Kreuger was born in Amsterdam, North Holland. He went to the Delft University of Technology.

On 10 January 2015, "NRC Handelsblad" announced Kreuger died in Delft, aged 86.

Statutory rape

The term statutory rape means sexual activity with a minor that is not forced. It usually refers to when adults engage in sex with someone below the age of consent. In 95% of cases, the victim is female. Very few jurisdictions actually use the term "statutory rape". They use terms like "unlawful sex with a minor" or "unlawful carnal knowledge".

Minor (law)

In the law, a minor is someone who has not yet reached the age of majority. In many countries, a person becomes an adult at age 18, therefore, a minor is a person who is 17 years old or younger. 

"Minor" can also mean a person who is not old enough to do a particular activity, for example, while 18 is the age of majority in the United States, the minimum age to buy alcoholic beverages (such as beer, wine, and liquor) in the United States is 21 so in this context, a minor is a person who is 20 years old or younger. 

YWCA-YMCA of Sweden

YWCA-YMCA of Sweden () is the Sweden-branch of YMCA and YWCA. It was established in 1966 when YMCA of Sweden and YWCA of Sweden merged.

In 2011 the organization decided to use the term "KFUM" in promotion with "M" standing for "människor" ("people"). Earlier the "m" stood for "män" (men)

YWCA-YMCA of Sweden has 60 000 members. It has 4 000 local associations.

Several Swedish YWCA-YMCA associations have been successful in sports.


SummerSlam (2006)

SummerSlam (2006) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on August 20, 2006 at TD Banknorth Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. It was the nineteenth SummerSlam event held by the WWE. This was the first inter-branded pay-per-view that featured the ECW brand.

The main match for the "Raw" brand saw Edge defeat John Cena and successfully defend his WWE Championship. Edge defeated Cena by pinfall after he hit Cena in the back of the head with a pair of brass knuckles. The main match for the "SmackDown!" brand was a match between Batista and King Booker for the World Heavyweight Championship. Batista won the match by disqualification after Queen Sharmell interfered in the match. Since Batista won by disqualification, he did not win the championship. The main match for the "ECW" brand saw The Big Show defeat Sabu in an Extreme rules match for the ECW World Championship. Big Show won the match by pinfall and retained the title after he chokeslammed Sabu through a table.


Sons of the Desert

Sons of the Desert was an American country music band founded in 1989 in Waco, Texas. It was started by brothers Drew Womack (lead vocals, rhythm guitar) and Tim Womack (lead guitar, background vocals). They were joined by Scott Saunders (keyboards), Doug Virden (bass guitar, background vocals) and Brian Westrum (drums). The band released "Whatever Comes First" for Epic Records Nashville in 1997. They recorded a second album for Epic which was not released. "Change" followed in 2000. Counting two singles from the unreleased album, Sons of the Desert charted eight times on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts, including the top ten hit "Whatever Comes First".


William R. Cosentini

William Randolph Cosentini (June 12, 1911 - January 28, 1954) was an American mechanical engineer and businessman. He founded Cosentini Associates.

Cosentini was born in 1911 to Italian immigrant parents, Eugenio and Vincenza Cosentini. He had an older brother, John (born 1909) and a younger sister, Mary (born 1913).

Cosentini attended New York University. There he earned his M.A. degree in mechanical engineering. In 1944, he married Rose DeStefano. They had two children together. Rose died in 1947 at 36 years of age.

In 1951, he started W.R. Cosentini & Associates. The company later became known as Cosentini Associates. In the early days of the company, he worked on several notable projects. Those included installing the heating and air conditioning system in the Chrysler Building.

Cosentini died of appendicitis on January 28, 1954 at 42 years of age.


Genevieve

Saint Genevieve is a saint in Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox tradition. She is the patron saint of Paris. Her feast day is kept on January the 3rd.

In 451 she led a "prayer marathon" in Paris that was said to divert Attila's Huns away from the city. In 464 Childeric I besieged the city and conquered it. She negotiated to collect food and convinced Childeric to release his prisoners.

Clovis I founded an abbey where Genevieve could minister. She was later buried there. The church witnessed numerous miracles at her tomb. Genevieve was canonised.

Arthur E. Chase

Arthur E. Chase (February 4, 1930 – January 5, 2015) was an American businessman and politician. He represented the Worcester District in the Massachusetts Senate from 1991–1995. He co-founded the Central Massachusetts Legislative Caucus. In 1991 he designed the Massachusetts Academy of Math and Science at WPI and in 1992 sponsored legislation to create it. He was the Republican nominee for Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in 1994, but lost in the general election to William F. Galvin.

Slobodan Martinović

Slobodan Martinovic (25 July 1945 – 10 January 2015) was a Serbian chess Grandmaster. He began in 1963, and played until his death in 2015.

Martinović played 269 master games that were tracked by FIDE. Of them, 83 (31%) he won, 157 (58%) were draws, and 29 (11%) he lost.

Jack Hayward

Sir Jack Arnold Hayward (14 June 1923 – 13 January 2015) was an English businessman, property developer, and philanthropist. He was the president of football club Wolverhampton Wanderers from 1990 until 2007.

Hayward was born in Wolverhampton. He married Jean Mary Forder in 1948 and had two sons, Rick and Jonathan, and a daughter Susan.

Hayward died on 13 January 2015 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, United States. He was 91.

Double Dare (1976 game show)

Double Dare is an American television game show. It was produced by Mark Goodson—Bill Todman Productions and ran from 1976 to 1977 on CBS. Alex Trebek was the host. Johnny Olson and later Gene Wood were the announcers.

Two contestants (players) would compete in a game of knowledge. One was a returning winner from a previous game, the other a new challenger. A contestant was given the chance to answer the question and win money. Or, they could challenge the other contestant to answer the question. If the second contestant answered the question correctly, he or she won the money. If answered incorrectly, the first contestant got double the money. Questions were answered from an isolation booth.

Zhang Wannian

Zhang Wannian (; August 1928 – January 14, 2015) was a Chinese general. He was born in Longkou, Shandong, China. 

He was a deputy to CPC's 9th National Congress, and an alternative member of 12th and 13th CPC's central committee. He became an alternate member of the 12th and 13th and a member of the 14th and 15th CPC's Central Committees, and a Politburo member and Secretary of the Secretariat in 15th central committee.

He was promoted to lieutenant general in September 1988, and to general in June 1993. He retired in 2003.

Wannain died in Beijing, China, aged 86.

Robert White (ambassador)

Robert E. White (September 21, 1926 – January 13, 2015) was an American career diplomat. He served as U.S. Ambassador to Paraguay from 1977 until 1980 and to El Salvador from 1980 until 1981. He later became president of the Center for International Policy.

White was born in Melrose, Massachusetts. He served in the U.S. Navy from 1944 to 1946. He was married to Mary-Anne White and had five grown children.

White died on January 13, 2015 in Arlington, Virginia from prostate and bladder cancer, aged 88.

Birdman (movie)

Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance) is a 2014 black comedy-drama movie directed, produced, and written by Alejandro González Iñárritu. It stars Michael Keaton, Zach Galifianakis, Edward Norton, Emma Stone, Amy Ryan, Andrea Riseborough, Lindsay Duncan, and Naomi Watts. It was released for a limited time on October 17, 2014. It received very positive reviews. The movie won the Academy Award for Best Picture, along with Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, and Best Cinematography from a total of nine nominations, tying it with "The Grand Budapest Hotel" for the most nominated and awarded movie at the Academy's 87th annual awards ceremony with four wins per movie.

Bob Boyd (basketball)

William Robert "Bob" Boyd (June 7, 1930 - January 14, 2015) was an American former collegiate man's basketball coach. He was head coach at Seattle University, the University of Southern California (USC) and Mississippi State University.

Boyd died of natural causes in Palm Desert, California, aged 84.

Johannes de Villiers Graaff

Johannes de Villiers Graaff (also known as Jan de Van Graaff or Jannie Graaff; 19 February 1928 – 6 January 2015) was a South African neoclassical welfare economist. He was a former chairman of Nedbank. Graaff was known for his work on optimal savings rates and contributions to the creation of the social welfare function.

Graaff graduated from the University of Cape Town and then went on to complete his PhD in economics at St John's College, Cambridge in 1950.

On 30 June 1951, he married Lillian Clare Thomson, daughter of Sir George Paget Thomson. They had six children.

He was the youngest son of Sir David Graaff, 1st Baronet. His eldest brother is Sir De Villiers Graaff, 2nd Baronet.

Graaff was one of South Africa's most active and accomplished mountaineers, pioneering mountain climbing routes in East Africa and the Himalayas.

He died on the 6 January 2015 in Kenilworth, Cape Town, aged 86.


Spire

A spire is a tapering conical or pyramidal structure on the top of a building, particularly a church tower. Etymologically, the word comes from the Old English word "spir", meaning a sprout, shoot, or stalk of grass.

Symbolically, spires have two effects. One is to show strength and power. A spire, with its spear point, gives the impression of strength. The other is to reach up toward the skies as a religious gesture. This is one reason for its association with religious buildings, and a similar reason has been given for the large pyramids in Egypt and early American civilisations. However, the tallest spires today are secular places of business or hotels, such as The Shard.

As an architectural ornament, spires are most often found on Christian churches.

Trevor Colbourn

Harold Trevor Colbourn (24 February 1927 – 13 January 2015) was an Australian professor and academic administrator. He was the second President of the University of Central Florida (formerly named Florida Technological University) from 1978 until 1989.

Colbourn was born in Armidale, New South Wales. He was an Episcopalian. He married Beryl Evans in 1949, and had two daughters.

Colbourn died on 13 January 2015 in Winter Park, Florida, United States, aged 87.

Regnal year

A regnal year is a year of the reign of a monarch. It is from the Latin "regnum" meaning kingdom or rule. Some of the oldest dating systems were in regnal years. A regnal year usually begins on the date of a monarch's accession to the throne. Year one is counted from day one to the end of the first year of a monarch's reign. Then a second year of rule, a third, and so on. They would not have a zero year of rule. It is displayed as an ordinal, not a cardinal number.

Every year of a monarch's reign falls within two calendar years, unless the reign began on the first day of the calendar year. When converting a regnal year in history to a calendar year, this can cause an error of one year. In England, from the 10th century until the late 13th century, the practice was to count the regnal year from the date of coronation. This was usually a later date than when a monarch was proclaimed king or queen. The current practice of dating from the date of accession began in the late 13th century when the heir was out of the country. Henry III of England died on 16 November 1272 which some sources date as the beginning of Edward I of England's rule. His reign actually began when he was proclaimed king at the New Temple on 20 November 1272. Here the date error between sources would be only four days.



Bettino Craxi

Benedetto "Bettino" Craxi (; 24 February 1934 – 19 January 2000) was an Italian politician. He was Prime Minister of Italy from 1983 to 1987.

Craxi was born in Milan on 24 February 1934. His father was a Sicilian lawyer.


<br>

Rame Peninsula

The Rame Peninsula is a peninsula in southeast Cornwall, England, in the United Kingdom. The peninsula is surrounded by the English Channel to the south. Plymouth Sound is to the east. The estuary of the River Lynher lies to the north. The largest settlement is Torpoint. It is on the eastern coast, facing Devonport in Plymouth, Devon.
The peninsula is named after Rame Head, to the south of the peninsula. The peninsula also includes the village and parish of Rame. The whole area of the peninsula is designated an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.

Other places on the peninsula include: Antony, Crafthole and Cremyll. Fourlanesend is the location of Fourlanesend School, the local primary school for the Rame Peninsula. Kingsand and Cawsand are protected by the headland. Much of the peninsula is owned by the Mount Edgcumbe estate which also includes Mount Edgcumbe Country Park.


Kestrel

The name kestrel is given to several different members of the falcon genus, "Falco". Kestrels hover about over open country, and swoop down on prey, usually small mammals, lizards or large insects. Other falcons are more adapted to active hunting on the wing. In addition, kestrels have much brown in their plumage.

Kestrels can fly in stationary air, even indoors in barns. While hovering they face towards any slight headwind. This leads to the common kestrel being called a "windhover" in some areas.

Unusually for falcons, plumage often differs between male and female, although as usual with monogamous raptors the female is slightly larger than the male. This allows a pair to eat slightly different prey on their home range. Kestrels are bold, and have adapted well to humans. They nest in buildings and hunt by main roads. Kestrels do not build their own nests, but use nests built by other birds.

Most kestrels form a distinct clade among the falcons, as suggested by comparison of mtDNA cytochrome "b" sequence data and morphology. This clade diverged from other "Falco" around the Miocene to Pliocene about 7–3.5 million years ago (mya). The most basal "true" kestrels are three species from Africa and its surroundings.
About 2.5–2 mya, the main lineage of true kestrels emerged. This too seems to have evolved in Africa and subsequently spread across the Old World until they reached Australia some time during the Middle Pleistocene, less than one million years ago. This group contains several taxa found on Indian Ocean islands. A group of three mainly grey species from Africa and Madagascar are usually considered kestrels by their general shape and habits, but are probably distinct from the true kestrels discussed above.

There is only one kestrel in the Americas, with a wide range of habitats. It is "Falco sparverius". The male is more brightly coloured than usual for kestrels, with a reddish back and tail.

Cytochrome

Cytochromes are haemoproteins (or proteins containing haem groups). They make ATP by electron transport.

They are found either as single (monomeric) proteins (e.g., cytochrome c) or as part of bigger enzyme complexes which catalyze redox reactions.

The haem group does the redox reactions. These include all chemical reactions in which atoms have their oxidation state changed. In general, redox reactions involve the transfer of electrons.

Cytochromes were described in 1884 as respiratory pigments. They include (haemoglobin, myoglobin, haemocyanin, haemoerythrin and chlorocruorin. In the 1920s, Keilin rediscovered these respiratory pigments. He called them the cytochromes, or “cellular pigments”, and classified them as haem proteins.

Several kinds of cytochrome exist and can be distinguished by spectroscopy. Three types of cytochrome are distinguished by their prosthetic groups.
In mitochondria and chloroplasts, these cytochromes are often combined in electron transport and related metabolic pathways.

Rosemary's Baby

Rosemary's Baby is a 1968 American horror movie directed by Roman Polanski. It is set in New York City. It is based on the novel of the same name. This movie is about a young housewife who has a baby. The baby turns out to be a child of the Devil. Mia Farrow plays Rosemary. Ruth Gordon plays Minnie.

The movie was well received by critics upon its release.



Enver Hoxha

Enver Hoxha (16 October 190811 April 1985) was an Albanian politician who was dictator of Albania. Ideologically a communist, Hoxha served as prime minister of Albania from 1944 until 1954, and First Secretary of the Party of Labour of Albania from 1941 until his death.

Under his regime, thousands of opponents ("dissidents") were executed, and tens of thousands more were imprisoned in forced labour camps.

Hoxha was born in Gjirokastër, a city in southern Albania (then under the Ottoman Empire) that has been home to many prominent families. He was the son of Halil Hoxha, a Bektashi Tosk cloth merchant who traveled widely across Europe and the United States and Gjylihan (Gjylo) Hoxha. He was raised a member of a wealthy Muslim family of landowners and merchants. He went to the best schools in Albania in the 1920s. He was given one of the few scholarships to a foreign college. In 1931 he attended the University of Montpellier in France. He lost his scholarship in 1934 for poor performance and moved to Paris. During World War II, Hoxha participated in Guerrilla Activities against Germany from 1943 until Albania was Liberated in 1944 by the Soviet Red Army.

In 1944, near the end of the Second World War, he became prime minister of the Democratic Government of Albania, and later, the Socialist Republic of Albania.

Enver Hoxha was the leader of Albania during that time, known for his isolationist policies and the creation of a tightly controlled state. His rule was marked by suppression of dissent, strict censorship, and a focus on ideological purity. Albania became one of the most isolated and repressive countries in the world under his leadership.

In his later years, Evner Hoxha faced health issues including heart problems and diabetes. He passed away on April 11, 1985, due to complications from respiratory and cardiac issues.

 

Saw II

Saw II is a 2005 Canadian-American horror movie. "Saw II" is a sequel to 2004's "Saw". It is the second installment in the seven-part "Saw" franchise. It was released October 28, 2005. The movie was directed and co-written by Darren Lynn Bousman. It was Co-written with series creator Leigh Whannell. Saw II stars Donnie Wahlberg, Franky G, Dina Meyer, Erik Knudsen, and Tobin Bell as Jigsaw. 

Ervin Drake

Ervin Maurice Druckman (April 3, 1919 – January 15, 2015), better known as Ervin Drake, was an American songwriter. His works include such American Songbook standards as "I Believe" and "It Was a Very Good Year". 

He wrote in many styles and his work has been recorded by musicians from all over the world in many styles. In 1983, he was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.

On January 15, 2015, Drake died at his home in Great Neck, New York due to complications from bladder cancer. He was 95.


Joseph Wapner

Joseph Albert Wapner (November 15, 1919 – February 26, 2017) was an American judge and former television "judge." He is the first star of the ongoing reality courtroom series "The People's Court".

Wapner died on February 26, 2017 under hospice care in Los Angeles after suffering from respiratory failure, aged 97.


Jerry Sheindlin

Gerald "Jerry" Sheindlin (born November 19, 1933) is an American author and television personality. He was a short-lived judge on the television program "The People's Court" from 1999 to 2000. 

Before that, he served on the New York State Supreme Court. He is the author of two books, "Genetic Fingerprinting: The Law and Science of DNA Evidence" and "Blood Trail". 

Judy Sheindlin

Judith Susan Sheindlin (née Blum; October 21, 1942), better known as Judge Judy, is an American lawyer, judge, television personality and writer. From 1996-2021, Sheindlin has had her own successful Daytime Emmy Award winning reality courtroom series named after her, "Judge Judy".

She is of Jewish descent.


Kim Fowley

Kim Vincent Fowley (July 21, 1939 – January 15, 2015) was an American record producer, singer and musician. He was best known for his role behind a string of novelty and cult pop rock singles in the 1960s, and for managing The Runaways in the 1970s. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Fowley died of bladder cancer in West Hollywood, California at the age of 75.


Evelyn Sanguinetti

Evelyn Pacino Sanguinetti (born November 12, 1970) is an American politician. On January 12, 2015, she became the 47th Lieutenant Governor of Illinois. Before being elected alongside Governor Bruce Rauner on November 4, 2014, she served on the Wheaton City Council. On April 22, 2019, Sanguinetti announced her candidacy for the 2020 election in Illinois's 6th congressional district, challenging first-term Democratic incumbent Sean Casten. She dropped out of the race in October 2019.

Ramsey theory

The Ramsey theory is named after the British mathematician and philosopher Frank Ramsey (19031930). It is a branch of mathematics that studies the conditions under which order must appear. 

A typical result in Ramsey theory starts with some mathematical structure that
is then cut into pieces. How big must the original structure be, so that at least one of the pieces has a given interesting property? This idea can be defined as partition regularity.

For example, consider a complete graph of order "n"; that is, there are "n" vertices and each vertex is connected to every other vertex by an edge. A complete graph of order 3 is called a triangle. Now colour every edge red or blue. How large must "n" be in order to ensure that there is either a blue triangle or a red triangle? It turns out that the answer is 6. 

Another way to express this result is as follows: at any party with at least six people, there are three people who are either (a) mutual acquaintances (each one knows the other two) or (b) mutual strangers (each one does not know either of the other two). 

Ramsey theory is now a complete branch of mathematics.

Val Holten

Charles Valentine "Val" Holten (15 September 1927 – 15 January 2015) was an Australian cricketer. He played five first class cricket matches for Victoria between 1950 to 1951 and 1952 to 1953. He also played club cricket for the Victorian Premier Cricket teams Melbourne Cricket Club (1947–48) and Prahran Cricket Club (1948–49). He was a right hand batsman and right arm medium pace bowler.

Holten was born in Brighton, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria.

Holten died on 15 January 2015 at the age of 87.


Captivity narrative

Captivity narratives are stories of people captured by enemies who are not civilized. Historians - people who study history - do not trust a lot of these stories. A lot of them are not written from a neutral point of view. Some historians that study Native American cultures are careful when they use these stories as sources.

Captivity narratives from North America were published through the 18th and 19th centuries. They are a part of English literature, and more stories were written in India and East Asia later on.

Colonists in New England were often captured by Canadians and their Indian allies. This was because New France and New England had competition at the time. (This happened to the Canadians as well). The number of captives taken from the fifteenth through the nineteenth centuries are unclear, however. Some think that about 1,641 New Englanders were taken hostage during King Phillip's War (1675). When the whites and Indians had conflicts in the mid-nineteenth century, hundreds of women and children were captured.

Escape reflex

Many animals have one or more special escape reflexes. These get the animal out of trouble quickly. They use special nervous structures to do this.

Examples:

Escape reflexes have high survival value.

The Wild Baby

The Wild Baby () is a children's book series about a wild young infant boy named Ben. The books were written in Swedish by Barbro Lindgren and illustrated by Eva Eriksson. It was made into puppetry in 2010.

Max (book series)

Den Max is a children's book series. The books were written by Barbro Lindgren. Eva Eriksson illustrated the books.


Nélida Romero

Nélida Romero (17 January 1926 – 14 January 2015) was an Argentine actress. She starred in the movies "Madame Bovary" (1947), "Arroz con leche" (1950), and "The Honourable Tenant" (1951).

Romero was born in Lanús. She was married to the movie director Carlos Schlieper from 1944 to 1957.

Romero died on 14 January 2015 in Buenos Aires, aged 88.

Mordechai Shmuel Ashkenazi

Mordechai Shmuel Ashkenazi (‎; 1943 – 14 January 2015) was an Israeli Orthodox rabbi and writer. He was a member of the Chabad Hasidic movement. He was the chief rabbi of the Chabad community of Kfar Chabad, Israel from 1983 until his death. He was also an authority on Halakha (Jewish law) and Hasidic philosophy.

Ashkenazi was educated in Tel Aviv and Brooklyn, New York in the United States. He had nine sons, some of whom also became rabbis.

Ashkenazi died from a heart attack on 14 January 2015, aged 71.

Sonja Härdin

Sonja Härdin, born 1945, is a Swedish illustrator. She illustrated all Bert books in the old series However, the first Bert book was illustrated by Sören Olsson. She also illustrated the reversion edition of the first Bert book. She gave Bert and the other figures in the Bert Diaries their cahracteristic looks. From "Berts bekännelser" the style was changed. Darker images were added. She has also illustrated articles in Kamratposten. Also, she illustrated school coursebooks like "Nya Min matematik". Nya Min matematik is a series of mathematics books for Swedish elementary schools. She has also illustrated Trafik-Trolle.


Eva Eriksson

Eva Eriksson (born 13 May 1949 in Halmstad, Sweden) is a Swedish illustrator and writer. She has illustrated several children's books Among her illustrations are books by writers like Barbro Lindgren and Viveca Lärn.

She educated herself at Konstfack in Stockholm. Between 2003-2012 she held seat number 1 of the Swedish Academy for Children's Books.

SummerSlam (2005)

SummerSlam (2005) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on August 21, 2005 at MCI Center in Washington, D.C.. It was the eighteenth SummerSlam event held by the WWE.

The main match for the "Raw" brand saw Hulk Hogan defeat Shawn Michaels. Hogan defeated Michaels by pinfall after he hit Michaels with the leg drop. The main match for the "SmackDown!" brand saw Batista defeat John "Bradshaw" Layfield in a No Holds Barred match to retain his World Heavyweight Championship. Batista won the match by pinfall after he performed two Batista Bombs, with the second one on the steel ring steps. Another main match for the "Raw" brand saw John Cena defeat Chris Jericho and retain his WWE Championship. Cena won the match by pinfall after he hit Jericho with the FU. The main match on the undercard saw Rey Mysterio defeat Eddie Guerrero in a ladder match for the custody of Mysterio's son Dominik. Mysterio won the match after he climbed a ladder and grabbed the briefcase that was hanging above the ring.


Swedish Academy for Children's Books

The Swedish Academy for Children's Books () is a nonprofit society. It was established on 26 May 1989 at the Skärholmen Library in Stockholm in Sweden. It is based on the Swedish Academy. Its ambitions is to promote children's and youth literature.

Since 1990, the society awards the "Eldsjälen Award".


University of Copenhagen

The University of Copenhagen was founded in 1479. It is the oldest university and research institution in Denmark. it is the second oldest institution for higher education in Scandinavia after Uppsala University (1477). The university has 23,473 undergraduate students, 17,398 postgraduate students, 2,968 doctoral students and more than 9,000 employees. It has four campuses located in and around Copenhagen. The headquarters are located in central Copenhagen. Most courses are taught in Danish. However, many courses are also offered in English. A few are taught in German. The university has several thousands of foreign students. About half come from Nordic countries.

The university is a member of the International Alliance of Research Universities (IARU). The Academic Ranking of World Universities, compiled by Shanghai Jiao Tong University, ranked the University of Copenhagen as the leading university in Scandinavia. It is ranked 39th best university in the world in 2014. It is ranked 45th in the 2014 QS World University Rankings. 


Desert Island Discs

Desert Island Discs is a biographical and factual radio programme produced by Bob Symes. It is broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in the United Kingdom. It was first broadcast on the BBC Home Service on 29 January 1942.

Each week a person (called a "castaway") is asked to choose eight pieces of music, a book and a luxury item that they would take if they were to be cast away on a desert island (an island that is not lived on by humans). They discuss their lives and the reasons for their choices.

More than 3,000 episodes have been recorded. There aren't that many castaways, though, because a few castaways have appeared more than once. Some programmes had two people as the castaway.

The programme was created by Roy Plomley. After Plomley's death in 1985, the programme was presented by Michael Parkinson. From 1988 to 2006, it was presented by Sue Lawley. Since 2006, the show has been presented by Kirsty Young. She interviewed illustrator Quentin Blake on her first show, broadcast on 1 October 2006.

The light music composition by Eric Coates called "By the Sleepy Lagoon" is the signature tune of the programme. 


Olympia Dukakis

Olympia Dukakis (June 20, 1931 – May 1, 2021) was an American actress. She acted in movies and television and on stage. In 1987, she received an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award and a BAFTA Award for her performance in the movie "Moonstruck". She also received an Emmy Award nomination for her performance as Anna Madrigal in the miniseries "Tales of the City".

Dukakis was the daughter of Greek immigrants. She was born in Lowell, Massachusetts on June 20, 1931. She was a cousin of 1988 presidential candidate Michael Dukakis. From 1962 until his death in 2018, she was married to actor Louis Zorich.

Dukakis died at her home in New York City on May 1, 2021. She was 89 years old.

The Substitute (1996)

The Substitute is a 1996 action and crime-thriller movie. The movie is about high school gangs in an inner-city area. Ernie Hudson plays Principal Claude. Glenn Plummer plays Darrell Sherman.

The movie got mixed to negative review from critics.

Gerard 't Hooft

Gerardus 't Hooft (born July 5, 1946) is a Dutch physicist. He shared the 1999 Nobel Prize in Physics with his doctoral advisor Martinus J. G. Veltman.

'T Hooft is well known for his theories about gauge theory, black holes, and quantum gravity.

He is married to Albertha Schik (Betteke) and has two daughters, Saskia and Ellen.

Gerard 't Hooft was born in Den Helder on July 5, 1946, but grew up in The Hague. He was the middle child of a family of three.

After Gerard 't Hooft passed his high school exams in 1964, he saved in the physics program at Utrecht University.In 1969, 't Hooft started on his PhD with Martinus Veltman as his advisor. In 1971 his first paper was published.

Johanna Thydell

Johanna Thydell (born 14 November 1980 in Nässjö, Sweden) is a Swedish wrtier. Her 2003 book "In the Ceiling the Stars Are Shining" was given the August Prize.

She was born in Nässjö. She grew up in Värnamo. After secondary school she attended a writer's course. She then got contact with writer Magnus Utvik. He assisting her to become a writer. She was a 2004 Sommar host. She studied at the writer's line course at Fridhems Folk High School in Svalöv. She also studied culture-courses focusing at literature and film at the Stockholm University.



Max Lundgren

Max Lundgren, born 22 March 1937, dead 27 May 2005, was a Swedish children's books writer. His debut book, "Hunden som äntligen visslade", was released in 1962. He wrote totally circa 50 books. Some of his books also TV series. Among his more famous works are "Pojken med guldbyxorna" and the books about fictional Swedish soccer club "Åshöjdens BK".



Åshöjdens BK

Åshöjdens BK is a book series about a fictional soccer club in northwestern Scania in Sweden. The stories were created by Max Lundgren

The series consists of four novels. It depicts a soccer club which is promoted across a promotion and relegation-based Swedish league system. Finally, they lose the Allsvenskan qualifying game. In 1985, a TV series based on the book series was made.

Sometimes, sports journalists talk of the "real Åshöjdens BK". That occurs when a club, often in rural districts, quickly is promoted from the lower to higher divisions within some seasons. An example is Ljungskile SK. That club was promotion higher and higher during the early-mid 1990s.


1888 Sundsvall fire

The 1888 Sundsvall Fire () was a fire in the town of Sundsvall in Sweden. The fire happened on 25 June 1888. The fire occurred during a storm. The storm allowed the fire to spread fast among the wooden houses in town. The same day a fire also occurred in the town of Umeå.

Yao Beina

Yao Beina (born 姚贝娜; 26 September 1981 – 16 January 2015) was a Chinese singer and actress. She was born in Wuhan, Hubei. She sang "Let It Go" for the Chinese version of "Frozen". She was known for her song "The Painted 2" and "Life in the River"

Beina died of breast cancer in Shenzhen, Guangdong, aged 33.


Ian Athfield

Sir Ian Charles Athfield (15 July 1940 – 16 January 2015) was a New Zealand architect. He was born in Christchurch. In 1963, he joined Structon Group Architects, and he became a partner in 1965. In 1968 he was a principal partner in setting up Athfield Architects with Ian Dickson and Graeme John Boucher (Manson).


Jean-Claude Baker

Jean-Claude Baker (born Jean-Claude Julien Léon Tronville, April 18, 1943 – January 15, 2015) was a French-American restaurateur. He was born in Dijon, France.

He met U.S.-born French entertainer Josephine Baker while he was working as a bellhop in Paris at the age of fourteen in 1958. He became the last of twelve children adopted into Baker's Rainbow Family. In 1994 he co-authored a biography of Josephine Baker, "Josephine: The Hungry Heart", described as a "shocking look into the star's seriously whitewashed past".

Baker was found dead at his home in East Hampton, New York on January 15, 2015, of an apparent suicide. He was 71.

Malese Jow

Malese Jow (born February 18, 1991) is an American actress and singer-songwriter. She played Geena in the sitcom "Unfabulous". She played Julia in "Star-Crossed".

She was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

SummerSlam (2004)

SummerSlam (2004) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on August 15, 2004 at Air Canada Centre in Toronto, Ontario. It was the seventeenth SummerSlam event held by the WWE.

The main match for the "Raw" brand saw Randy Orton defeat Chris Benoit to win the World Heavyweight Championship. Orton won the match by pinfall after he performed an RKO on Benoit. By winning the championship, Orton became the youngest World Heavyweight Champion in WWE history. The main match for the "SmackDown!" brand was a match between John "Bradshaw" Layfield and The Undertaker for the WWE Championship. JBL won the match by disqualification after The Undertaker hit him with the championship.


Robert Gover

Robert Gover (November 2, 1929 – January 12, 2015) was an American journalist. He became a best-selling novelist at age 30. He was known for his books "One Hundred Dollar Misunderstanding" and "Time and Money".

James Naanman Daman

James Naanman Daman (April 10, 1956 – January 12, 2015) was a Nigerian Roman Catholic bishop. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1982. Daman was named bishop of the Diocese of Jalingo, Nigeria, in 2000. He was named the first bishop of the Diocese of Shendam in 2007.

Daman died on January 12, 2015 at the age of 58 in Jalingo.

Frank Glazer

Frank Glazer (February 19, 1915 – January 13, 2015) was an American pianist, composer and professor of music. In 1939 Glazer performed with the Boston Symphony Orchestra under Sergei Koussevitzky. Glazer served in the US Army as an interpreter from 1943 to 1945 in Germany and France. In 1980 Glazer left Eastman and became artist in residence at Bates College in Maine. In the 1960s he recorded the complete piano music of Erik Satie for the Vox label.

Glazer died in New York City, aged 99.

Ted Harrison

Edward Hardy "Ted" Harrison, CM (August 28, 1926 – January 16, 2015) was an English Canadian artist. He was known for his paintings of the Yukon. Harrison died in his sleep at the age of 88 on January 16, 2015.


Missy Franklin

Melissa Jeanette Franklin (born May 10, 1995) is an American competition swimmer. At the 2012 Olympics in London, she won five medals, four of them were gold. At the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, she won one gold medal.

Franklin also won medals at other sporting events.

Franklin was born in Pasadena, California.

Jerry Dempsey

Jerome Richard "Dick, Jerry" Dempsey (April 21, 1933 – January 14, 2015) was an American businessman, educator, and politician.

Dempsey was born in Henderson, Minnesota. Dempsey served in the United States Army from 1955 to 1957. He received his bachelor's degree from the University of St. Thomas. Dempsey was also in the banking business. From 1993 until 2006, Dempsey served in the Minnesota House of Representatives. He was a Republican. His brother Terry Dempsey also served in the Minnesota Legislature.

Dempsey died in Hastings, Minnesota where he had lived since 1960.

Rimma Markova

Rimma Vasilievna Markova (; 3 March 1925 – 15 January 2015) was a Russian movie actress. She began acting in 1951. She was named a People's Artist of Russia in 1994. Her younger brother Leonid Markov was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1985. She was best known her her roles in the movies "The Alive and the Dead" (1964), "The Pokrovsky Gate" (1982), "The Outskirts" (1998), "Night Watch" (2004), "Day Watch" (2006), "The Best Movie" (2008), and "Burnt by the Sun 2" (2010).

Markova was born in the Samara Oblast.

Markova died on 16 January 2015 in Moscow, aged 89.

Ethel Lang

Ethel Lang (née Lancaster; 27 May 1900 – 15 January 2015) was a British supercentenarian and, at the time of her death, the oldest living person in the United Kingdom (after the death of Grace Jones on 14 November 2013), the ninth oldest living person in the world and the second-oldest living person in Europe after Emma Morano.

Lang was born in Worsbrough, near Barnsley, to Charles and Sarah Lancaster. She left school at the age of 13 to work in a shirt factory. She married William Lang in 1922 and their daughter Margaret was born in 1923. Lang's mother lived to the age of 91, and her great-grandmother to the age of 92.

Lang was the last living British person to have been born during the reign of Queen Victoria.

Joseph Mukasa Zuza

Joseph Mukasa Zuza (2 October 1945 – 15 January 2015) was a Malawian Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest on 2 July 1986. He was appointed the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mzuzu on 3 March 1995.

Emma Morano

Emma Morano-Martinuzzi (29 November 1899 – 15 April 2017) was an Italian supercentenarian. At the age of 117, she was the oldest living person in the world from 13 May 2016 until her death on 15 April 2017. She was the last verified person living to have been born in the 1800s.

She was the 4th-oldest person in history at her death, behind Jeanne Calment, Sarah Knauss and Marie-Louise Meilleur. She is the oldest person from Italy or ever lived in Italy and the oldest living Italian and European person after the death of Maria Redaelli on 2 April 2013.

She was born on 29 November 1899 in Civiasco (Province of Vercelli) in the region of Piedmont to Giovanni Morano and Matilde Bresciani, the eldest of eight children, five daughters and three sons. 

In October 1926, she married Giovanni Martinuzzi (1901-1978) and in 1937 her only child was born; unfortunately he died when he was only six months old. The marriage was not happy so in 1938, Morano decided to separate from her husband. On her 115th birthday, Morano was still living alone in her home.

Morano died of heart disease, at her home in Pallanza, Italy, on 15 April 2017, at the age of 117 years and 137 days. She was succeeded as the world's oldest living person by Violet Brown of Jamaica, and as the Europe's oldest living person by Ana Vela-Rubio of Spain.

Arrondissements of the Allier department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Allier department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

The arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Allier department are:

Since its creation, the Allier department has had few changes:


Arrondissement of Montluçon

The arrondissement of Montluçon is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Allier "département". Its capital is the city of Montluçon, a subprefecture of the department.

On 4 March 1790, with the establishment of the department of Allier, Montluçon was one of the districts of the department. With the establishment of the "arrondissements" on 17 February 1800, Montluçon was one of the original "arrondissements".

The "arrondissement" of Montluçon is bordered to the north by the Cher (Centre-Val de Loire region) department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Moulins, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Vichy, to the south by the Puy-de-Dôme department and to the west by the Creuse (Nouvelle-Aquitaine region) department.

It is the westernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the second largest in area of the department. It has 114,756 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Montluçon, there are 6 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Commentry, Huriel, Montluçon-1, Montluçon-2, Montluçon-3 and Montluçon-4 as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Montluçon has 89 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Moulins

The arrondissement of Moulins is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Allier "département". Its capital, and of the department, is the city of Moulins.

On 4 March 1790, with the establishment of the department of Allier, Moulins was one of the districts of the department. With the establishment of the "arrondissements" on 17 February 1800, Moulins was one of the original "arrondissements".

The "arrondissement" of Moulins is bordered to the north by the Nièvre department (Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region), to the east by the Saône-et-Loire department (Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region), to the south by the "arrondissement" of Vichy, to the west by the "arrondissement" of Montluçon and to the northwest by the Cher department (Centre-Val de Loire region).

It is in the northern part of the department, with an area of , the largest in area of the department. It has 106,039 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" of the Allier department with fewer people living there, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Moulins, there are 3 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Moulins-1, Souvigny and Yzeure as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Moulins has 109 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Vichy

The arrondissement of Vichy is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Allier "département". Its capital is the city of Vichy, a prefecture of the department.

When the department of Allier was created on 4 March 1790, Vichy was not one of ist districts. With the establishment of the "arrondissements" on 17 February 1800, Vichy was part of the "arrondissements" of "Lapalisse".

On 24 August 1941, the capital of the "arrondissement" of "Lapalisse" was moved from the city of Lapalisse to the city of Vichy that was then the capital of the French State.

The "arrondissement" of Vichy is in the southeast of the Allier department and is bordered to the west and north by the "arrondissement" of Moulins, to the east by the Saône-et-Loire department (Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region), to the southeast by the Loire department, to the south by the Puy-de-Dôme department and to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Montluçon.

It has an area of , and 122,267 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" of Allier with more people living there, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Vichy, there are 5 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Bellerive-sur-Allier, Cusset, Lapalisse, Vichy-1 and Vichy-2 as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Vichy has 119 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Pamela Cundell

Pamela Isabel Cundell (born 15 January 1920 – 14 February 2015) was an English character actress. Her best-known role was as Mrs Fox in the long-running TV comedy "Dad's Army". She was born in Croydon, Surrey.


Reagan coalition

Reagan coalition is a phrase that describes a kind of politician in the United States. Reagan coalitionists are Republicans who believe in the same ideas that President of the United States Ronald Reagan had. They are often from very conservative states. The term began during the Reagan Era when Reagan won his major landslide election in 1980 and in 1984.

Byron Janis

Byron Janis (March 24, 1928 – March 14, 2024) was an American classical pianist. He made several recordings for RCA Victor and Mercury Records, and occupies two volumes of the Philips series "Great Pianists of the 20th Century". 

His discography covers music inspired by Beethoven to David W. Guion and includes major piano concertos from Mozart to Rachmaninoff and Prokofiev. Janis and his wife, Maria Cooper, daughter of screen actor Gary Cooper, wrote his autobiography "Chopin and Beyond: My Extraordinary Life in Music and the Paranormal", which was released in November 2010. In the DVD "A Voyage With Byron Janis", he hosts a musical journey through Chopin's life. Martin Scorsese is developing a Byron Janis Biopic for Paramount Pictures from a script by Peter Glanz. The project is based on Janis' autobiography. Janis died of natural causes on March 14, 2024 at the age of 95.


Barbara Cook

Barbara Cook (October 25, 1927 – August 8, 2017) was an American singer and actress. She became known during the 1950s after starring in the original Broadway musicals "Plain and Fancy" (1955), "Candide" (1956) and "The Music Man" (1957) among others, winning a Tony Award for the last.

Cook died from respiratory failure on August 8, 2017 in New York City at the age of 89.


Dolores Gray

Dolores Gray (June 7, 1924 – June 26, 2002) was an American actress and singer. She was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Lead Actress in a Musical twice, winning once for her role in "Carnival in Flanders".

Gray died of a heart attack in Manhattan, aged 78.


Mildred Miller

Mildred Miller (December 16, 1924 in Cleveland, Ohio – November 29, 2023) was an American classical mezzo-soprano. He had a major career performing in operas, concerts, and recitals during the mid twentieth century. She was known as a principal artist at the Metropolitan Opera from 1951 through 1974. 

In 1978 she founded the Opera Theater of Pittsburgh, serving as the company's Artistic Director through 1999.

Mildred Miller died on November 29, 2023, at the age of 98.


Jon Vickers

Jonathan Stewart Vickers, (October 29, 1926 – July 10, 2015), known professionally as Jon Vickers, was a Canadian heldentenor. In 1957 Vickers joined London’s Royal Opera House, Covent Garden company. In 1960 he joined the Metropolitan Opera. He became world famous for a wide range of German, French and Italian roles.


Philippe Entremont

Philippe Entremont (born 7 June 1934 in Reims) is a French classical pianist and conductor. His recordings as a pianist include concertos by Tchaikovsky, Rachmaninoff, Saint-Saëns and others.


Echo and the Bunnymen

Echo and the Bunnymen is an English alternative rock band formed in Liverpool in 1978.


The Fountain

The Fountain is the tenth studio album by Echo and the Bunnymen. The album was released on November 10, 2009.

All tracks written by Ian McCulloch, John McLaughlin, Simon Perry, David Thomas, and Will Sergeant, except where noted.


Andrew Chan

Andrew Chan (12 January 1984 – 29 April 2015) was an Australian citizen convicted and executed in Indonesia for drug smuggling.

Chan was born in Sydney, New South Wales on 12 January 1984. He was the son of Cantonese-speaking Chinese immigrants. He was convicted in Indonesia for drug trafficking as a member of the Bali Nine. In 2005, he was arrested at Ngurah Rai International Airport in Denpasar, Bali. Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were believed to have arranged the heroin smuggling operation. After a criminal trial on 14 February 2006, Chan was sentenced to execution by firing squad. While in prison, Chan converted to Christianity.
On 16 January 2015, Chan and Sukumaran were ordered to be executed after nine years in jail. On 6 February 2015, the government said that this would take place at the end of the month.

On 11 February 2015 the government said that Chan and Sukumaran would be moved from Kerobokan prison to Nusakambangan Island where the execution would take place. On 24 February 2015 their lawyers challenged Indonesian President Joko Widodo's refusal to grant clemency. This legal challenge failed. The prisoners were moved to Nusakambangan Island on 4 March. On 6 April 2015, Chan and Sukumaran's lawyers went to the state administrative court in a last try to stop the executions; this was unsuccessful. On 24 April 2015, the government ordered the final preparations for the execution of Chan and Sukumaran, as well as eight others on death row. The pair, along with seven other death row inmates, were given a 72-hour notice of their executions on 25 April (ANZAC Day).

On 27 April 2015, Chan married his Indonesian fiancee Febyanti Herewila.

He was executed by firing squad on 29 April 2015. On 2 May 2015, the bodies of Chan and Sukumaran arrived back in Sydney along with the Sukumaran family and Chan's widow Febyanti Herewila, while the rest of Chan's family arrived back a day earlier.

Myuran Sukumaran

Myuran Sukumaran (; 17 April 1981 – 29 April 2015) was an Australian citizen who was executed in Indonesia for drug trafficking as a member of the Bali Nine. He was born in London, England. His parents were Sri Lankan immigrants. He moved to Australia at a young age.

In 2005, Sukumaran was arrested at Ngurah Rai International Airport in Denpasar, Bali. Sukumaran and Andrew Chan were the apparent co-ringleaders of the heroin smuggling operation. After a criminal trial on 14 February 2006, Sukumaran was sentenced to execution by firing squad.

On 30 December 2014, Sukumaran's request for was rejected by the President of Indonesia, Joko Widodo. Sukumaran and Chan were in prison at Nusakambangan Island in isolation cells. On 16 January 2015, Sukumaran and Chan were ordered to be executed after nine years in jail. On 6 February 2015, it was stated that Chan and Sukumaran would be executed by the end of the month. On 11 February 2015, Indonesian authorities approved the move of Chan and Sukumaran from Kerobokan prison to Nusakambangan Island in preparation for execution. On 24 February 2015, a final appeal to save Chan and Sukumaran from execution, with their lawyers appeal bid to challenge President Widodo's refusal to grant clemency, failed. The move from Kerobokan prison to Nusakambangan Island was on 4 March. On 6 April 2015, Chan and Sukumaran's lawyers faced the state administrative court to challenge President Joko Widodo's refusal to grant clemency, in a final attempt to stop the executions. This was also unsuccessful. On 24 April 2015, prosecutors ordered the final preparations for the execution of Chan and Sukumaran, as well as eight others on death row. On 25 April (ANZAC Day), the pair, along with 7 other death row prisoners, were given a 72-hour notice of their executions.

Sukumaran was executed by firing squad on 29 April 2015 along with Chan as well as Nigerians Raheem Agbaje Salami, Okwuduli Oyatanze, Sylvester Obiekwe Nwolise, Ghanaian Martin Anderson, Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte and Indonesian Zainal Abidin.

Sukumaran's funeral was conducted at Dayspring Church, Castle Hill on 9 May 2015.

Triunfo del amor

Triunfo del amor (Triumph of Love) is a Mexican telenovela. It aired from October 25, 2010 to June 26, 2011. It is produced by Televisa.


1888 Umeå fire

The 1888 Umeå Fire () was a fire in the town of Umeå in Sweden. The fire happened on 25 June 1888. The fire occurred during a storm. The storm allowed the fire to spread fast among the wooden houses in town. When the town was rebuilt, stone houses became more common than wooden houses. Birchtrees were planted between the streets. This was because birchtrees are thought to not catch fire so easy. This has led to Umeå becoming known as the "town of birchtrees" (). The same day a fire also occurred in the town of Sundsvall.

Union between Sweden and Norway

The Union of Sweden and Norway (; ), officially the United Kingdoms of Sweden and Norway, was a personal union. It consisted of the separate kingdoms of Sweden and Norway under the same monarch. It lasted from 1814 to 1905. In 1905 Sweden accepted Norway leaving the union. Both states kept their separate constitutions, laws, legislatures, administrations, state churches, armed forces, and currencies. However the kings mostly resided in Stockholm. Stockholm was also the town where foreign diplomatic representations were located.

World Conference of Life and Work

The World Conference of Life and Work () was an ecumenic conference. It was held on the initiative of Church of Sweden archbishop Nathan Söderblom in the town of Stockholm in Sweden in 1925. It was held to discuss social cooperation. Most major Christian denominations attended the meeting. Some exceptions were the Roman Catholic Church and the Pentecostal movement.

November Storm of 1995

The November Storm of 1995 () was a snowstorm. It originated from the North Sea in mid-November 1995. It begun on Thursday 16 November 1995. The storm culminated on Friday morning, 17 November 1995. The storm stroke towards. the southern and western parts of Sweden. Traffic was heavily affected.

Several November records for deep snow were broken. Measuring started in 1995.


Christmas Hurricane of 1902

The Christmas Hurricane of 1902 (, ) was a storm. It stroke against Denmark and Sweden on Christmas Day 1902.

In Sweden, it hit Scania, parts of southern Kronoberg County and the west coast of Sweden. Circa 50 fishermen were killed. On land, very few people were killed. Material damages, measured in millions of Swedish crowns (as of 1902), were reported. Among the destruction caused by the hurricane were the Varberg Open Air Bath and the Mölle Open Air Baths as well as the Ribergsborgs and the Sibbarp Open Air Baths in Malmö. The Örgryte Church tower spire fell off.

She's Funny That Way

She's Funny That Way (originally Squirrels to the Nuts) is a 2015 American comedy-drama movie. The movie is about a prostitute-turned-Broadway actress. Imogen Poots plays Isabella "Izzy" Beatty. Owen Wilson plays Arnold Albertson. Austin Pendleton plays Judge Pendergast. Jennifer Aniston plays Jane Claremont. It was screened at the Venice Film Festival, Aug. 29, 2014. In a deal valued at $4.5 million, it was picked up by U.S. distributor Clarius Entertainment. The date of release is spring 2015.

Stone of Scone

The Stone of Scone, also known as the Stone of Destiny, and the Coronation Stone, is a stone used in the coronation ceremonies of England and Scotland. It is an oblong shaped block of red sandstone. It was kept at the now-ruined Scone Abbey in Scone, near Perth, Scotland. Its size is about by by and weighs about . The Stone of Scone was last used in 1953 for the coronation of Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

SummerSlam (2002)

SummerSlam (2002) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on August 25, 2002 at Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale, New York. It was the fifteenth SummerSlam event held by the WWE.

The main match for the "SmackDown!" brand saw Brock Lesnar defeat The Rock to win the WWE Undisputed Championship. Lesnar won the match by pinfall after he hit The Rock with the F-5. The main match for the "Raw" brand saw Shawn Michaels defeat Triple H in an Unsanctioned Street Fight. Michaels won the match by pinfall after he reversed Triple H's pedigree attempt into a jackknife roll-up. The main match which was featured from both brands was an interpromotional match between Rob Van Dam and Chris Benoit for the WWE Intercontinental Championship. RVD won the match by pinfall after he hit the Five-Star Frog Splash on Benoit. By winning, RVD was able to win the championship.


Streisand effect

The Streisand effect is the name for a phenomenon: When an attempt is made to remove a piece of information (because it is not meant for the specific audience), it gets much more publicity than intended, and becomes known more widely. The effect is named after Barbra Streisand; Streisand made an attempt to get a photo of her house removed from a collection of thousands of photos of Malibu, California in 2003. 

Amoeboid movement

Amoeboid movement is the most common type of movement in eukaryotic cells. 

It is a crawling type of movement got by pushing out cell cytoplasm in the form of pseudopodia ("false feet"). The cytoplasm slides and forms a pseudopodium in front to move the cell forward. 

This type of movement is observed in amoebae, slime molds and some other protozoans such as "Naegleria gruberi", as well as some cells in humans such as white blood cells. Sarcomas, or cancers arising from connective tissue cells, are particularly good at amoeboid movement, thus leading to their high rate of metastasis.

The exact mechanism is still unknown. It involves actin-myosin molecules inside the cytoplasm.

Arcsecond

An arcsecond (second of arc), represented by the symbol formula_1, is a unit of angle used in mathematics and astronomy. An arcsecond is 1/60th of an arcminute (minute of arc), which in turn is 1/60th of a degree. Therefore, an arcsecond is equal to 1/3600th of a degree, meaning that there are 360 × 60 × 60 = 1,296,000 arcseconds in a full circle.

One milliarcsecond (mas) is a thousandth (1/1000th) of an arcsecond. So there are 1,296,000,000 milliarcseconds in a full circle. The red supergiant stars Antares, Betelgeuse, Mu Cephei, VV Cephei A, and VY Canis Majoris all have angular diameters (apparent sizes in the sky) of more than 10 milliarcseconds, when seen from Earth.


David Oppegaard

David Oppegaard (born in Lake Crystal, Minnesota) is an American novelist.

In 2008, Oppegaard wrote "The Suicide Collectors". It was his first novel. He was nominated for the Bram Stoker Award for Best First Novel by the Horror Writers Association. One year later, he published his second work, "Woormwood, Nevada".

Oppegaard attended Saint Olaf College, Northfield and Hamline University, Saint Paul. Both are in Minnesota. He has a Bachelor of Arts degree from Saint Olaf. He has a Master of Fine Arts degree from Hamline.



Simple sentence

A simple sentence (sometimes called an independent clause) is a sentence that contains one subject and one verb. It has only one clause. It must also express a complete thought. This follows the rules of syntax in English grammar.

A simple sentence is not defined by how short it is. A simple sentences is often short and uncomplicated. But it is not limited by the number of words used to express the thought. For example:


A simple sentence or independent clause is one that has a meaning to a reader or listener. If the sentence does not complete the thought, it may be a dependent clause. A dependent clause is one that does not express a complete thought. By itself it is a sentence fragment. It may look like a simple sentence, but it will not make sense on its own. 




Peripheral artery disease

Peripheral artery disease (PAD) is a disease of the blood vessels in the legs. It can cause leg pain with walking, or if it gets bad it can cause wounds on the skin of the feet and toes. Peripheral artery disease is a serious disease that can be fatal. Some people who get very sick from PAD may need surgery to improve blood flow in their legs and feet. If their feet get really sick they may need an amputation.

PA is also sometimes called peripheral artery occlusive disease (PAOD), peripheral obliterative arteriopathy, or peripheral vascular disease (PVD). 

Ashanti

Ashanti, or Asante, are a nation and the largest subgroup of the Akan people. They live mostly in Ghana and Ivory Coast. They speak the Akan language and the Asante dialect, and are of Akan origin.

Before European colonization, the Ashanti people developed a large and influential empire in West Africa. The Ashanti later developed the powerful Ashanti Confederacy or 'Asanteman'. They were the dominant presence in the region. The Asantehene is the political and spiritual head of the Asantes.

Foreign Correspondent

Foreign Correspondent is a 1940 American spy movie. This movie is about a reporter who tries to expose enemy spies in Britain. Joel McCrea plays Johnny Jones. Laraine Day plays Carol. 

Alfred Hitchcock directed the movie.

This movie was nominated for six Academy Awards, including Best Picture. It did not win any.


Faten Hamama

Faten Hamama (, , 27 May 1931 – 17 January 2015) was an Egyptian producer and actress of movie and television. She was known for her roles in "The Blocked Road", "Struggle in the Valley", "Our Sweet Days", "I don't Sleep", and "Don't Turn off the Sun".

Hamama died 17 on January 2015 following a short illness, aged 83.


The Paradine Case

The Paradine Case is an American 1947 courtroom thriller drama movie. This is about a lawyer who falls in love with a woman being accused of murder. Gregory Peck plays a lawyer. Ann Todd plays Gay. Alida Valli plays the woman accused of murder. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1948.

The movie received mixed reviews from critics.


Stuart Loory

Stuart Hugh Loory (May 22, 1932 – January 16, 2015) was an American journalist and educator. He was born in Wilson, Pennsylvania.

In 1980, he joined the staff of Turner Broadcasting Systems' Cable News Network (as managing editor of the Washington bureau, 1980–82; Moscow bureau chief, 1983–86; senior correspondent, 1986; executive producer, 1987–90; editor-in-chief of "CNN World Report", 1990–91; vice-president of CNN, 1990–95; executive vice-president, Turner International Broadcasting, Russia, 1993–97).

Loory died of lung cancer in Brooklyn, New York on January 16, 2015, aged 82.


Ann Todd

Dorothy Anne Todd (24 January 1909 – 6 May 1993) was an English producer and actress. In the movie "Perfect Strangers", she played a nurse. She played Kay in "Ships with Wings".

Todd was born in Hartford, Cheshire, England. She died of a stroke in London at age eighty four.

Dial M for Murder

Dial M for Murder is an American 1954 crime drama movie. It was directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The movie is about a plot to murder. Grace Kelly plays Margot. Ray Milland plays Tony.

The movie performed very well at the box office.


Claire Bloom

Claire Bloom (born February 15, 1931) is an English stage and movie actress. She has been working for over 60 years. She has played leading roles in many movies. She played Terry in the movie "Limelight". She played Theodora in "The Haunting" (1963)

Bloom was born in London, England.

The Haunting (1963 movie)

The Haunting is a 1963 British horror movie. It is based on novel "The Haunting of Hill House" The movie is about a small group of people who come to a haunted house that comes to life. Julie Harris plays Eleanor. Claire Bloom plays Theodora. Richard Johnson plays Dr. Markway. It was released on 16 September 1963.

This movie was remade in 1999. Many critics did not like the remake.


Robert Wise

Robert Wise (September 10, 1914 – September 14, 2005) was an American movie director, editor and producer. He received Academy Awards for Best Director and Best Picture on both "West Side Story" (1961) and "The Sound of Music" (1965). He is also known for directing "The Day the Earth Stood Still".

Wise was born in Winchester, Indiana. He died in Los Angeles from heart failure four days after his 91st birthday.

Tom Kinslow

Thomas F. Kinslow (January 12, 1866 – February 22, 1901) was a professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1886 until 1898. He played the position catcher. He played for eight teams in his ten-season career. He played four of his eight seasons with the Brooklyn Bridegrooms. During his playing days, his height was listed at , his weight was . He batted and threw right-handed, and had blonde hair.

Thomas Kinslow was born on January 12, 1866 in Washington, D.C.. His father, Michael worked as a laborer and an ice dealer. His father later worked in the oyster business. He began playing baseball around the neighborhood on a team known as the "Quicks". Kinslow also played with a team called the Falcons.

Kinslow made his MLB debut with the Washington Nationals on June 4, 1886 as their starting catcher. He injured his finger in the third inning trying to catch a bad pitch thrown by Bob Barr, and had to leave the game. On June 15, he was again injured by a Barr pitch, and forced to leave the game with a dislocated finger. He played in three games for the Nationals in 1886, collecting two hits in eight at bats.

Kinslow played the next two seasons for the Tecumsehs, and had a batting average of .200 in 1888. In 1889, he improved is batting average to .343. In 1890, he signed with Ward's Wonders of Brooklyn. During the season, he had a batting average of .264, and caught 64 games. On June 28, he hit the first home run of his career in a game against Henry Gruber. Later, on July 11, he hit two home runs in the same game off of George Keefe.

West Side Story (1961 movie)

West Side Story is a 1961 American romantic crime drama musical. It is an adaptation of the 1957 Broadway musical play of the same name. Natalie Wood plays Maria. Rita Moreno plays Anita. Robert Wise directed the movie. It is based on the play Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare. 

This movie won Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Sound and Best Director. It also won many other awards.

American

American(s) might mean:










Robert Berner

Robert Arbuckle Berner (November 25, 1935 – January 10, 2015) was an American scientist and educator. He was known for his work to the modeling of the carbon cycle. He taught geology and geophysics from 1965 to 2007 at Yale University.

Berner was born in Erie, Pennsylvania. He married Elizabeth Marshall Kay in 1959 and had three children.

Berner died after a long illness on January 10, 2015 in New Haven, Connecticut. He was 79.

Inge Vermeulen

Inge Joanna Francisca Vermeulen (6 January 1985 – 10 January 2015) was a Brazilian-Dutch field hockey player. She played as a goalkeeper for three teams and two international teams: Brazil and the Netherlands.

Vermeulen was born in Americana, São Paulo and moved to the Netherlands at a young age.

Vermeulen committed suicide (killed herself) on 10 January 2015 in Utrecht. She was 30.

Natalino Pescarolo

Natalino Pescarolo (March 26, 1929 – January 4, 2015) was a Roman Catholic bishop.

He was ordained to the priesthood on June 29, 1952. Pescarolo was named auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Cuneo in 1990. In 1992, he was appointed bishop of Fossano and in 1999, he was also appointed bishop of Cuneo. He retired in 2005.

Leif Rantala

Leif Rantala (December 26, 1947, Liljendal – January 8, 2015, Rovaniemi) was a Finnish-Swedish linguist. He was a specialist of Sami languages, cultures of history, especially of the Kola Peninsula.

Paul Morgan (rugby)

Paul Morgan (3 October 1974 – 12 January 2015) was a Welsh professional rugby union and rugby league footballer, rugby union coach, and cricketer. He was born in Pencoed. He played club level rugby union (RU) for Pencoed RFC (twice), London Welsh RFC (while at Brunel University), Whitland RFC, Aberavon RFC (twice), Llanharan RFC, Bridgend Ravens, Maesteg RFC, as a Centre, i.e. number 12 or 13.

He played at a representative level rugby league (RL) for Wales (Heritage #432), and at club level for Aberavon Fighting Irish, Bridgend Blue Bulls (twice), Celtic Crusaders, as a , or , i.e. number 2 or 5, or, 3 or 4, playing cricket for Pencoed Cricket Club (captain), and coaching club level rugby union (RU) for Neath Athletic RFC, and Aberavon Quins RFC.

Paul O'Grady (politician)

Paul Thomas Francis O'Grady (14 July 1960 – 18 January 2015) was an Australian politician. He was a Labor member of the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1988 to 1996. He was the first openly gay member of the New South Wales Parliament.

O'Grady came out in 1990. In 1996 he resigned because of bad health. Later that year, he said that he had AIDS. He was diagnosed with cancer in 2011. He died at Sacred Heart Hospice in Darlinghurst on 18 January 2015, aged 54.

Don Harron

Donald Hugh (Don) Harron (September 19, 1924 – January 17, 2015) was a Canadian comedian, actor, television director, journalist, author, playwright and composer. Harron was known for his roles in "Charlie Farquharson" and in "Anne of Green Gables – The Musical". He hosted the radio program, "Morningside". Harron was born in Toronto, Ontario.

Harron died in Toronto from cancer, aged 90. She was married to actress Virginia Leith.

Indio, California

Indio is a city in Riverside County, California, United States. It is in the Coachella Valley of Southern California's Colorado Desert region. The population was 89,137 at the 2020 census.

Lee J. Cobb

Lee J. Cobb (December 8, 1911February 11, 1976) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles in "12 Angry Men", "On the Waterfront", and "The Exorcist". Cobb was born in The Bronx, New York. His daughter, Julie Cobb, was also an actress.

Cobb died in Woodland Hills, California from a heart attack, aged 64.


The Family (2013 movie)

The Family is a 2013 American-French criminal comedy movie. It is set in Normandy and was directed by Luc Besson. It stars Robert De Niro, Michelle Pfeiffer, Tommy Lee Jones, Vincent Pastore, Dianna Agron, and John D'Leo. It was released to mostly positive reviews on 13 September 2013 in the United States and 23 October 2013 in France.

Where the Red Fern Grows

Where the Red Fern Grows is a 1961 novel by American author Wilson Rawls. It is about the friendship between a boy and two Redbone Coonhound hunting dogs.

This story takes place on a farm near the Ozark mountain range. The narrator, Billy Coleman, saves a Redbone Coonhound from a dog fight. He helps it recover from its wounds. He sets it free. He remembers his past. He then tells the story of how he had owned two Redbone Coonhounds when he was a boy.

As a little boy, Billy had always wanted puppies since he was ten years old. His parents tell him they don't have enough money for puppies. He decides to earn the money himself. For two years, he works many different jobs. He saves $50. His grandfather helps him order two Redbone Coonhounds. The mail does not deliver the puppies, so Billy goes to get them. He walks to Tahlequah, Oklahoma. He sees how different the city life is from his country life at home. He buys gifts for his family there. He picks up his puppies. On the way back home, he sleeps in a cave on a mountain. He hears the roar of a mountain lion. The puppies answer the roar with their howls. They scare off the lion. The next morning, Billy and the dogs return home. On the way, he sees a sycamore tree with the names Dan and Ann on it. He decides to name the puppies Old Dan and Little Ann.

Billy trains his dogs to become hunting dogs. They often mess up. Billy does not give up and continues to encourage them. He soon makes a strong loving bond with his dogs. In the end, Billy's dogs grow ill and weak and later die. He buries them on his family's farm to remember them. Soon, Billy sees a red fern growing over his dogs' graves. He sees the red fern as a symbol of the love that kept him and his dogs together.


Euclidean space

Euclidean space is the space Euclidean geometry uses. In essence, it is described in Euclid's "Elements". The Euclidean plane (formula_1) and three-dimensional space (formula_2) are part of Euclidean space, which can be generalized to any dimension "n" (in which case one writes formula_3). 

Euclidian space is sometimes called Cartesian space. A few other spaces and mathematical objects that are similar were added later. Euclid based his work "Elements" on certain axioms. Euclidean space can be described using such axioms. 



Julian Schwinger

Julian Seymour Schwinger (February 12, 1918 – July 16, 1994) was an American theoretical physicist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics.

Schwinger is well known for his theories about quantum electrodynamics.

Schwinger was born in New York City. His parents were Jewish from Poland.

Schwinger attended Townsend Harris High School and the City College of New York. He received a B.A. in 1936. He received a Ph.D. from Columbia University. He worked at the University of California, Berkeley.

Schwinger died of pancreatic cancer.

Sui iuris

Sui iuris is a Latin phrase that is used in law. Sometimes, the phrase is also spelled sui juris. It literally means "of its own right". It is used to say that the legal status of an institution or entity is not comparable to anything else, and there are special laws that say how this institution or entity should work. An example use is in Canon law: The Roman Catholic church say that certain churches are "sui iuris". That way the Eastern Catholic churches have their own government, and laws. Despite this, these churches still recognize the Pope of Rome as their spiritual leader.
"The Eastern Catholic Churches are not 'experimental' or 'provisional' communities; these are sui iuris Churches; One, Holy, Catholic and Apostolic, with the firm canonical base of the "Code of Canons of the Eastern Churches" promulgated by Pope John Paul II." 
In Roman law, the phrase is used for someone who was independent, and that could become pater familias.

Parity of zero

Parity of zero is the question whether the number zero is even or odd. General consensus is that the number is even. Even numbers are defined to be integer multiples of two. That way, the numbers two, four and six are even, because they are one times two, two times two, and three times two. With that explanation, zero is also even, because it is zero times two. 

Another explanation is from number theory: The integers are arranged in such a way that even numbers are followed by odd ones, and odd ones by even ones. Zero is preceded by minus one, and followed by one. Both numbers are odd. So it must be even.
There is also a problem: The term "even" meaning "integer multiple of two" is a convention; people agreed on it. It is not a formal definition. Another case where people used a convention they agreed on was that of prime number: Before the 20th century, there were many inconsistent definitions of prime: Mathematicians such as Goldbach, Lambert, Legendre, Cayley, and Kronecker wrote that 1 was prime. The modern definition of "prime number" is "positive integer with exactly 2 factors", so 1 is not prime. This definition is rational: it naturally suits mathematical theorems that concern the primes. For example, the fundamental theorem of arithmetic is easier to state when 1 is not considered prime

It would be possible to redefine "even" in a way that no longer includes zero. However, in this case, the new definition would make it more difficult to state theorems concerning the even numbers. Already the effect can be seen in the algebraic rules governing even and odd numbers. The most relevant rules concern addition, subtraction, and multiplication:
Inserting appropriate values into the left sides of these rules, one can produce 0 on the right sides:

The above rules would therefore be incorrect if zero were not even. At best they would have to be modified. For example, one test study guide asserts that even numbers are characterized as integer multiples of two, but zero is "neither even nor odd". Accordingly, the guide's rules for even and odd numbers contain exceptions:

Making an exception for zero in the definition of evenness forces one to make such exceptions in the rules for even numbers. From another perspective, taking the rules obeyed by positive even numbers and requiring that they continue to hold for integers forces the usual definition and the evenness of zero.


H. Rider Haggard

Henry Rider Haggard (1856–1925) was an English writer. He is best known for his adventure novels. His novels were notable for their unusual invention and stories that kept people interested. His best novels were very popular in his lifetime. They made the genre of adventure fiction popular again. Haggard also wrote books about farming and emigration.

Haggard lived in South Africa for six years when he was a young man. Many of his novels were set in Africa, including "King Solomon's Mines" (1886), "Allan Quatermain" (1887) and "She" (1887).

In 1919, Haggard was knighted for his services to the British Empire. Haggard's autobiography, "The Days of My Life", was published in 1926 after he died. Morton Cohen's biography of Haggard was published in 1960.

White's illusion

White's illusion is a brightness illusion. Here, some stripes of a black and white grating are replaced by gray rectangles (see Fig). All gray bars usually have same color and opacity. The brightness of the gray pieces appear to shift toward the brightness of the top and bottom bordering stripes, that is, the gray bars with horizontal black regions on their top and bottom appear darker and those with white regions on their top and bottom appear lighter. But this does not match with what lateral inhibition predicts. This illusion is mostly described for grayscale. A similar illusion occurs for colored patches. This is known as Munker-White's illusion or Munker's illusion.

The amount of each bipolar cell response depends on the amount of the stimulation it receives from the receptor. Neighboring cells decrease this response. This is called lateral inhibition.

Lateral inhibition cannot explain White's illusion. In Figure 2.1 lateral inhibition sent by black cells A and C should make cell O lighter; in Figure 2.2 lateral inhibition sent by white cells A and C should make cell O darker.
Rules suggested to describe optical illusions such as simultaneous brightness contrast illusion, such as Wallach's ratio rule cannot explain White's illusion. These rules suggest that cell O in figure 2.1 receives less inhibition that cell O in figure 2.2. So, the cell O in figure 2.1 should be lighter than cell O in the other figure. However, the opposite case happens. 
White and White (1985) concluded that at a higher spatial frequency the grating of White's illusion could be described by brightness assimilation. They also concluded that at lower spatial frequencies White's illusion is still present.

The belongingness theory has been given as an explanation of White's illusion. Belongingness means that we perceive things depending on its surroundings. According to belongingness theory, the lightness of rectangle A is influenced by the white bars that surround it. Similarly, the rectangle B on the right side is surrounded by the dark bars. So, the lightness of rectangle B is affected by the dark background. As a result, area A which rests on the white background appears darker than area B which rests on the dark background.

Not all scientists accept the belongingness theory. They say that when talking about the background, it is the same as lateral inhibition.

Lateral inhibition

In neurobiology, lateral inhibition is the ability of an excited neuron to reduce the activity of its neighbors. It stops action potentials from spreading in the lateral direction. It is called lateral inhibition as it stops (inhibits) neighboring neurons from firing. This creates a contrast in stimulation. This increases perception. For example, in vision, it helps in differentiating edges. It occurs primarily in visual processes. But it has also been seen in tactile, auditory, and even olfactory processing. Cells that use lateral inhibition are mainly present in cerebral cortex and thalamus. They make up lateral inhibitory networks (LINs). Artificial sensory systems have artificial lateral inhibition built in them. Examples are vision chips, hearing systems, and optical mice.

Raif Badawi

Raif Badawi (Arabic: رائف بدوي‎; born 13 January 1984) is a Saudi Arabian writer and activist. He started the website Free Saudi Liberals in 2008. He was arrested in 2012 because of the website. The website was then taken off the internet. Badawi was sentenced to 10 years in prison and being hit with a whip: 1000 lashes (or hits). Media said in March 2022, that Badawi no longer is in prison.

Badawi has also been banned from any media work or foreign travel for 10 years after his release from prison. Badawi's first 50 lashes were given on January 9, 2015. After that, Badawi's lashes were postponed many times. In June 2015, a Saudi high court ruled that Badawi should be lashed but the lashing was postponed hours before it was going to happen. 
Badawi's wife called Ensaf Haidar believes he is weak in body and suffering mentally. She fears this may be a slow death sentence.

Badawi's sister Samar Badawi is also an activist. Her husband Waleed Abul-Khair is Raif's lawyer. He was sentenced to 15 years in prison in July 2014. Samar is working to get both her brother and husband released from prison.

Sweden–Finland

Sweden–Finland (, ) is a historiographical term. It refers to the Kingdom of Sweden from the days of the Kalmar Union in the late 14th century up to the Napoleonic Wars in to the early 19th century. In 1809 it was split into two halves. The eastern half became the Grand Duchy of Finland in personal union with the Russian Empire. The western half remained as the Kingdom of Sweden.

Adventure fiction

Adventure fiction is a type of fiction in which an adventure forms the main storyline. The adventure is usually an exciting undertaking involving risk and physical danger. Author Malins describes adventure fiction as the story "of the hero—individual or group—overcoming obstacles and dangers and accomplishing some important and moral mission." The characters in an adventure fiction are highly sympathetic. They are also ones the reader can easily relate to. There has to be a conflict to overcome and a clever villain to stop.

A key part of many adventure fictions is the hero. In most stories the hero has to succeed. At the same time the hero may be the least interesting character in the story. The hero is often timid, submissive and easily pushed around. The hero may be a superhero, a spy, a detective or even an antihero. But the hero manages to meet the challenge. All great adventure heroes seem to find the ability to beat their enemies or win over hostile environments.

Sometimes the villain wins. In Edgar Allan Poe's story "The Cask of Amontillado", the villain is the narrator of the story. Sometimes the villain wins only to be confronted again in a sequel.

In many adventure fictions, the adventure takes place in foreign lands or exotic places. One of the earliest adventure fiction writers was Daniel Defoe. His stories of "Robinson Crusoe" and "Captain Singleton" helped set the standards for the adventure fiction genre. Another British author Sir Walter Scott built on the formula. He combined history with adventure fiction. His historical romance novels "Waverley", "Rob Roy" and "Ivanhoe" were classic adventures. They helped the reader understand the hero and gave him a code of chivalry. French author Alexandre Dumas wrote "The Three Musketeers", "The Count of Monte Cristo" and "Man in the Iron Mask". These were very popular in Europe and America. His stories had strong elements of revenge and forgiveness. James Fenimore Cooper in his adventure stories "The Pioneers", "The Last of the Mohicans" and "The Pathfinder" were set in exotic new world locations. But Cooper changed the aristocratic hero into one who was noble even though not born into the nobility.


Anthony Trollope

Anthony Trollope (1815–1882) was an English novelist who wrote 47 novels and a number of other books. 

His mother Frances Trollope was also a writer. Trollope became an official of the Post Office and lived in Ireland from 1841 to 1859; he left his Post Office job in 1867.

Trollope is well known for his series of novels set in the imaginary county of Barsetshire. His first novel was published in 1847 and "The Warden", the first Barsetshire novel, in 1855. The rest of the series were published during the next 12 years: "The Barchester Chronicles" (1857), "Doctor Thorne" (1858), "Framley Parsonage" (1861), "The Small House at Allington" (1864), and "The Last Chronicle of Barset" (1867). Barsetshire is imagined as a county in southwest England. The county town is Barchester, which is the seat of the Bishop of Barchester. 

Trollope also wrote a series of political novels featuring the Palliser family. These began in 1864 with "Can You Forgive Her?". The rest of the series is "Phineas Finn" (1869), "The Eustace Diamonds" (1873), "Phineas Redux" (1876), "The Prime Minister" (1876), and "The Duke's Children" (1880). Trollope was an industrious and disciplined writer who wrote short stories, travel books and biographies as well as novels.


Sterling silver

Sterling silver is an alloy of silver containing 92.5% by mass of silver and 7.5% by mass of other metals, usually copper. The sterling silver standard has a minimum of 925 in continental European terms.

Pure silver, for example 99.9% pure, is generally too soft for making objects for use. Therefore, the silver is usually alloyed with copper to give it strength while keeping the ductility and beauty of the precious metal. Other metals can replace the copper, to improve various properties of the basic sterling alloy such as increasing resistance to tarnish. These replacement metals include germanium, zinc and platinum, as well as a variety of other additives, including silicon and boron. Alloys such as argentium silver have appeared in recent decades. Argentium silver has some germanium added, and resists tarnishing well.

The first legal definition of sterling silver appeared in 1275. A statute of Edward I specified that 12 ounces of silver for coinage should contain 11 ounces  pennyweights of silver and  pennyweights of alloy, with 20 pennyweights to the Troy ounce.

Sterling silver standards are protected by hallmarks stamped on pieces by officials.

Christina of Sweden

Queen Christina of Sweden (; – 19 April 1689), was the queen of 
Sweden from 1632 to 1654. She then resigned to become a Roman Catholic.

She also liked humanities and had invited philosophers such as René Descartes in Sweden.

Richard Benson (musician)

Richard Philip Henry John Benson, known as Richard Benson (10 March 1955 – 10 May 2022) was an English–Italian guitarist.

Benson probably moved to Rome in 1965. In 1971 he joined the progressive rock band Buon Vecchio Charlie. In 1972, he took part in the festival "Villa Pamphili".

From 1978 to 2013 he hosted TV shows relating to new musical releases of the time. The music was mostly hard rock and heavy metal, but also jazz, funk, blues, fusion and Italian rock.

In 1983, Benson released his first LP, "Animal Zoo". In 1984, he released the LP "Renegade". In 1987 he was included on the compilation album, "Metal Attack" (RCA Italy – Talent).

In 1992, Benson played himself in Carlo Verdone's movie "Maledetto il giorno che t'ho incontrato". In the second half of the 1990s he gave concerts in Rome. In 1999, he released his first CD, "Madre Tortura".

Benson has then appeared in Italian national broadcast television as a music critic (Rai 2), together with Max Giusti. His work in the show was comical instead of serious. He played a sort of parody of his own character. In June 2013, he created an online television channel, "RichardBensonTV". He hosts a show there about heavy metal music. RichardBensonTv closed after just over a year.

In 2015 he released his second CD, "L'inferno dei vivi".

In November 2016, it was announced that Benson had heart disease. He died in Rome on 10 May 2022, at the age of 67.



Kjell Arnljot Wig

Kjell Arnljot Wig (31 December 1924 – 18 January 2015) was a Norwegian media personality. He was a journalist for "Morgenbladet" from 1948. He was later with the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation from 1963 to 1992. He hosted a series of television shows, including "Aktuell debatt", "Vindu mot verden", and "Åpen post". Some of his novels were "Det skjulte Norge" (1969), "Kongen ser tilbake" (1977), and "Eventyret om Blaafarveværket" (1995).

Wig was born in Stjørdal. He was married and had children.

Wig died after an illness on 18 January 2015 at Bærum hospital. He was 90.

Bob Barr (1880s pitcher)

Robert McClelland Barr (December, 1856 - March 11, 1930) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He also made some appearances as an outfielder, first baseman, and third baseman.

Barr played for the Pittsburgh Alleghenys, Washington Nationals, Indianapolis Hoosiers, and Rochester Broncos. He also played for the Washington Nationals and New York Giants.

Suspicion (1941 movie)

Suspicion is a 1941 romantic thriller movie. It is based on the novel Before the Fact. The movie was directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Cary Grant plays Johnnie, a gambler. Joan Fontaine plays Lina. Dame May Whitty plays Martha.

This movie was nominated for Academy Awards for the Best Picture and the Best Original Score. Fontaine won the Best Actress award.


Pike Place Fish Market

The Pike Place Fish Market is an open air fish market located in Seattle, Washington at the corner of Pike Street and Pike Place. It is known for their tradition of fishmongers throwing fish that customers have purchased, before they are wrapped. After nearing bankruptcy in 1986, the fish market owner and employees decided to become "world famous", changing their way of doing business by introducing their flying fish, games, and customer performances. Four years later, they were featured repeatedly in the national media and television shows. The store is now a popular tourist destination in Seattle, attracting up to 10,000 daily visitors, and is often billed as world-famous.

The Pike Place Fish Market was purchased in 1965 by John Yokoyama. Yokoyama was a former employee of the fish market, who bought the store to make enough money to afford the car payments on his new Buick Riviera. At first, Pike Place Fish Market was unknown outside of the Seattle area. Yokoyama and his staff decided to change that in a meeting with a business coach in 1986. Prior to the meeting, the Pike Place Fish Market was near to bankruptcy. Consultant, Jim Bergquist, was helping them to conceive of ways to save the business. A fish market employee at the meeting suggested that they not only save the business, but make it "world famous". They had the idea of flying and throwing fish and having games with customers. They thought that staff were enjoying their work so that customers would as well. In an interview, Yokoyama stated, "We took a stand that we were going to become world famous. We just said it and it became so."

Four years later, in 1990, Ted Turner's Goodwill Games were held in Seattle. News crews at the Pike Place Market discovered the fish market and its performances with customers, and they filmed them. Soon afterwards, the fish market appeared on "Good Morning America". The business and its employees were being filmed by various movie crews, and being featured in many magazines. Now, during the summer tourist season, the fishmongers will perform now in front of as many as 10,000 visitors daily. The success of the business has been cited to its human resources and employee attitudes. The employees of the fish market will often speak to businesses, civic groups, and schools on ways to be successful. This has led to their being featured in motivational books.

A popular feature at the Pike Place Fish Market is a fish which sometimes is made to "snap" at customers. In 1991, CNN named the Pike Place Fish Market as one of the three most fun places to work in America.

The Pike Place Fish Market is best known for their habit of hurling customers' orders across the shopping area. A typical routine will involve a customer ordering a fish, with their fishmongers in orange rubber overalls and boots calling out the order, which is loudly shouted back by all the other staff, at which point the original fishmonger will throw the customer's fish behind the counter for wrapping. Initially, the shouted repeating of the ordered fish began as a prank on one employee, but was enjoyed by customers, so it became a tradition. While working, the staff continually yell to each other and chant in unison while they throw ordered fish. At times, the fish market staff will throw a foam fish into the crowd to scare bystanders, or select a customer from the crowds to participate in the fish toss. Above the areas in which they throw fish, the market hangs a sign that reads, "Caution: Low Flying Fish".

In 1998, the Pike Place Fish Market was the subject of a documentary movie and accompanying book, "FISH! Philosophy." The Pike Place Fish Market has also been the setting for several best-selling corporate training videos, the aforementioned "FISH!", and also "FISH!Sticks", which have been used by companies such as Enterprise Rent-A-Car, Sprint Nextel, Southwest Airlines, Sainsbury's, Saturn, and Scottish and Southern Energy, for employee training. The Pike Place Fish Market has been featured in a variety of television shows and commercials. These include a Spike Lee Levis jeans commercial; MTV's "The Real World"; NBC's "Frasier", and ABC's "Good Morning America". In movies, it has appeared in "Free Willy".



Gustav I of Sweden

Gustav I of Sweden (born 14 May 1496, died 29 September 1560) was the King of Sweden from 1523 until his death in 1560. During his reign, Sweden broke relationship with the Kalmar Union and the Roman Catholic Church.

Marie Hermanson

Marie Hermanson (born 1956) is a Swedish writer and journalist.



August Prize - 1995 (for Värddjuret).


Pietra dura

Pietra dura () or pietre dure () (see below), called parchin kari or parchinkari () in the Indian Subcontinent, is a term for using cut and fitted, highly polished colored stones to create images. 

The stonework is glued stone-by-stone to a base after being "sliced and cut in different shape sections; and then assembled together so precisely that the contact between each section was practically invisible". Stability was achieved by grooving the undersides of the stones so that they interlocked, rather like a jigsaw puzzle, with everything held in place by an encircling 'frame'. Many different colored stones, particularly marbles, were used, along with semiprecious, and even precious stones. 

The technique first appeared in Rome in the 16th century. It reached its peak in Florence. Pietra dura items are generally crafted on green, white or black marble base stones. Typically the resulting panel is completely flat, but some examples have the image is in low relief.

There are a number of similar techniques which should not be called pietra dura. The English term "Florentine mosaic" is sometimes used for the work of Giovanni Montelatici (1864-1930). He was an Italian Florentine artist whose brilliant work has been distributed across the world by tourists and collectors.

Pietra dura is also different from mosaics because stones are mostly much larger and cut to a shape suiting their place in the image, not all of roughly equal size and shape as in mosaic. In pietra dura, the stones are not cemented together with grout, and works in pietra dura are often portable. Nor should it be confused with micromosaics, a form of mosaic using very small tesserae of the same size to create images for Byzantine icons, and later for furniture panels.

Pink cat

Cats can be many different breeds and fur coat colors. A pink cat is not a color found in nature. But several pink cats have been reported about in the news media. Sometimes the cat colour has changed to pink with chemicals or dyes. There are also several fictional pink cats in popular culture.

In September 2005, a cat named Brumas roamed away from his owners in Launceston, Cornwall. When he came back after a short time, his fur was coloured pink. No one ever figured out the cause of the colour change. Brumas was taken to the RSPCA to be tested. He did not have any toxins.
Russian writer Lena Lenia had dyed a Kitten pink in early 2015, which meant led to the confusion that they thought that Kitten died from being dyed pink, and then the kitten was okay from the owner having that kitten still.
In September 2010, a cat with dyed pink fur was found in Swindon, South West England. The RSPCA said the dyeing was a "sick prank". Even though they tried to wash the color out of the cat's fur, it stayed pink. The cat did not have any signs of side-effects or harm. The event made worldwide news. Soon the owner told the truth. She said that the cat had been dyed pink using food colouring because she was a fan of the colour. She said the act "seemed like a good idea. I always wanted a pink animal - a bit like my hair". She said she read the instructions carefully and the food colouring could not be harmful because it was safe for humans to eat. The RSPCA decided not to arrest her for harming her animal.

In May 2011, four kittens were found in a concrete factory in Redruth, Cornwall. One kitten had pink fur. A cat rescue group named "Cats Protection", tried to wash out the color with shampoo, but could not.

Pollution from a steel factory in Port Talbot, Wales, has turned cats both pink and grey.

Cats having pink patches are found in Bulgaria. The color is probably a genetic mutation and is very close to orange. They are usually pink-white bicolor; or pink-blue-white or pink-black-white calico cats.

Sometimes the lilac or cream fur color of cats is confused with pink. Lilac and cream are both natural colors in cats, and are the diluted (lighter) versions of chocolate and red.

The Pink Panther is a cartoon cat that was created by Friz Freleng. He is seen in the opening titles of the Peter Sellers movies with his own theme music. He also had his own cartoon show. Animation historian Jerry Beck has said the cartoon cat is "anti-authority – he's cool yet he's pink".

The character of the children's television series" Bagpuss" was a pink cat. The Bagpuss puppet was really supposed to be an orange marmalade colour. When the puppet was made, it was dyed pink by mistake. 

Another children's franchise, "Strawberry Shortcake", has a pink cat named Custard who is the pet of the titular character."

In 2014, a Dutch artist, Florentijn Hofman, made a tall pink cat for an exhibition in Century Park, Shanghai.

There is also a pink cat in the children's show “Pete the cat” named Callie.

Doraemon: Nobita's Dinosaur

Doraemon:Nobita's Dinosaur is a 1980 Japanese animated movie. This movie also known as Doraemon: motion picture. It is based on the popular manga and anime series Doraemon. The movie was released in Japan on 15 March 1980.


Noriko Ohara

She is known for the roles of Nobita Nobi (Doraemon), all female lead villains in the Time Bokan series, Conan (Future Boy Conan), Peter (Heidi, Girl of the Alps), Oyuki and Claudia LaSalle. In the first ever Seiyu Awards in 2007, she won the Synergy award.



Tony Verna

Anthony F. Verna (November 26, 1933 – January 18, 2015) was an American television producer. He was known for creating instant replay and for producing interviews with Pope John Paul II, Ronald Reagan, and Charlton Heston. Verna was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Verna died in Palm Desert, California from leukemia, aged 81.

Pedro María Iguaran

Pedro María Iguaran Arandia (2 July 1940 – 16 January 2015) commonly known as Pello Iguaran was a Spanish football defender.

Iguaran played for Deportivo Alavés in the 1963-1964 season. Iguaran served his new club for 7 years, being in most cases used as a reserve defender. He played a total of 85 games for Real Sociedad.

George Pataki

George Elmer Pataki (; born June 24, 1945) is an American politician. He was the 53rd Governor of New York. A member of the Republican Party, Pataki served three consecutive four-year terms from January 1, 1995, until December 31, 2006.

Pataki was born in Peekskill, New York. He is of an Austrian-Hungarian ancestry. After graduating fom Peekskill High School, he entered Yale University in the same year as George W. Bush in 1964 on an academic scholarship and graduated in three years. While there he served as chairman of the Conservative Party of the Yale Political Union.

Pataki's first job in politics was mayor of his hometown of Peekskill. In 1994 he ran a campaign against Mario Cuomo for Governor of New York. Cuomo was one of the most famous politicians in the country at the time and he was an icon of liberalism in the country. Few people expected Pataki to win, but in a major upset, Pataki won the election.

He served three terms as Governor of New York State. A popular governor, Pataki became most famous for his leadership of the state after the September 11th attacks in 2001. He also focused on creating jobs in the state and creating increased parkland for New Yorkers.

Pataki had often been mentioned as a possible presidential candidate. In early 2015, he began exploring a candidacy for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in 2016, and announced his candidacy on May 28, 2015. On December 29, 2015, Pataki announced that he would be ending his presidential campaign. A few days later, he announced his support for Marco Rubio for president. After Rubio dropped out and days before the New York primary, Pataki endorsed Ohio governor John Kasich for the nomination.

Pataki married Elizabeth Rowland in 1973. They have four children: Emily, Teddy, Allison, and Owen.


National Association of Evangelicals

The National Association of Evangelicals (NAE) is a fellowship of member denominations, churches, organizations, and individuals. Its stated goal is to honor God by connecting and representing evangelicals in the United States. Today it works in four main areas: Church & Faith Partners, Government Relations, Chaplains Commission, and World Relief. The NAE is a member of the World Evangelical Alliance (WEA). 


Indian Institute of Science

Indian Institute of Science (IISc) is a public university for scientific research. It is located in Bangalore, India. Jamshetji Tata gave active support to establish this institute. He is one of the earliest industrialists of India. IISc is well known as India's finest research university.

In 1893, Jamshetji Tata had a chance meeting with Swami Vivekananda on a ship from Japan to Chicago. Then, Jamshetji Tata discussed his plan with Vivekananda to bring Iron and Steel industry to India. Five years later, Tata wrote a letter to Vivekananda about his desire to establish a research institution. He also asked Vivekananda for guidance in this matter. Vivekananda softly declined this proposal.

The government of Mysore donated (371 acres or 1.50 sq km) to build the institute. They also agreed to donate 50,000 rupees every year. The institute was established in 1909. It had two departments - Department of General and Applied Chemistry and Electro Technology. Morris Travers became the first director of IISc.

IISc campus is in Malleswaram, north of Bangalore City railway station. A number of other research institutes are nearby. These are Raman Research Institute, Central Power Research Institute and the Institute of Wood Science and Technology. There are regular bus services between them and IISc.

The campus is home to over 40 departments and centers of sciences. It has more than 3,000 students who are pursuing their undergraduate and postgraduate studies. The facilities on the campus include a library,gymnasium, dining halls and restaurants. There are dormitories for men and women and accommodation for staff members. A visitor's hostel was built in 1990. The campus is full of greenery. It has over 110 species of trees and rare and native plant species. The roads connecting the departments are named after species of trees. For example "Arjun Marg" ("Marg" means path in Hindi), "Tala Marg" and Silver Oak Marg.



Dan Waern

Dan Waern (born 17 January 1933 in Sköldinge, Sweden) is a Swedish former middle-distance runner. In 1957, he became the first Swede to run the first sub-four-minute mile. 1957 was also the year he was awarded the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal.

In 1961, the IAAF disqualified him for professionalism.

Sköldinge

Sköldinge is a locality in Katrineholm Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 604 people lived there.

Toini Gustafsson

Toini Gustafsson Rönnlund, born "Toini Gustafsson", 17 January 1938 in Suomussalmi, Finland) is a Swedish former cross country skier. During the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble she won two individual gold medals. In 1968, she was awarded the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal. She was married with Swedish cross-country skier Assar Rönnlund until he died in January 2011.

Lasse Granqvist

Lasse Granqvist, born 25 October 1957 in Solna, Sweden is Swedish a sports journalist. He was active for Sveriges Radio from August 1987 to 15 January 2013. On 1 January 2000 became active for C More Entertainment. 

Michel Guimond

Michel Guimond (December 26, 1953 – January 19, 2015) was a Canadian politician. From 1987 to 1993 he served as a city councillor in Boischatel, Quebec. After this, he ran in the 1993 federal election for the Bloc Québécois.

He was elected into the Canadian House of Commons as the member from Beauport—Montmorency—Orléans. He was re-elected in the 1997 and 2000 federal elections (in the riding of Beauport—Montmorency—Côte-de-Beaupré—Île-d'Orléans) and in the 2004 federal election (in the riding of Charlevoix—Montmorency).

In the 2004 and 2008 elections, he won in Montmorency—Charlevoix—Haute-Côte-Nord before being defeated in the 2011 federal election. A lawyer, he has served as the Bloc critic of Parliamentary Affairs, Transport and to the Auditor General.

He then served as whip and deputy whip of the Bloc Québécois, and was also the vice-chair of the Standing Committee on Procedure and House Affairs.

In the 2014 provincial election, he ran unsuccessfully for the Parti Quebecois to represent the riding of Montmorency.

Guimond died of heart failure on January 19, 2015 in Quebec City, Quebec, aged 61.


Vladimir Kesarev

Vladimir Petrovich Kesarev (; 26 February 1930 – 19 January 2015) was a Soviet Russian footballer.

He earned 14 caps for the USSR national football team, and participated in the 1958 FIFA World Cup. He was selected in the squad for the first ever European Nations' Cup in 1960, where the Soviets were champions, but did not play in any games at the tournament.


Miriam Akavia

Miriam Akavia (born Matylda Weinfeld, 20 November 1927 – 16 January 2015) was a Polish-born Israeli writer and translator. She was a Holocaust survivor. Akavia served as president of the Platform for Jewish-Polish Dialogue. She was born in Kraków, Poland.

Akavia died in Warsaw, Poland of natural causes, aged 87.


Anne Kirkbride

Anne Kirkbride (21 June 1954 – 19 January 2015) was an English actress. She was best known for portraying the role of Deirdre Barlow in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 1972 to 2014.

On 19 January 2015, Kirkbride died of breast cancer in a Manchester hospital. She was 60 years old. Before she died, Kirkbride was planning to go back to "Coronation Street", but never had the chance to do so.


Arthit Kamlang-ek

General Arthit Kamlang-ek (31 August 1925 - 19 January 2015; , ) was a Thai general.

He was the Commander-in-Chief of the Royal Thai Army from 1982 to 1986 and parallel the Supreme Commander of the Royal Thai Armed Forces from 1983 to 1986.

José Carrasco

José Carlos Carrasco Távara (1944 – 18 January 2015) was a Peruvian politician. He represented Piura from 2006 through 2011. Carrasco was a member of the Peruvian Aprista Party. He was born in the Sullana Province, Peru.

Carrasco died in Lima, Peru on 18 January 2015 from lung cancer, aged 70.


Marshmallow creme

Marshmallow creme (also called marshmallow fluff, marshmallow stuff, marshmallow spread, or marshmallow paste) is an American food item. It is a very sweet and spreadable. It is made out of marshmallows. Marshmallow creme and peanut butter are used to create a fluffernutter sandwich. In addition, marshmallow creme and Nutella can be spread on graham crackers to make s'mores.

Marshmallow creme has around 91.3 calories.

Chynna Phillips

Chynna Phillips (born February 12, 1968) is an American actress and singer who performed with Wilson Phillips. In the movie "Some Kind of Wonderful", she played Mia. She played Mimi in "Say Anything...". She is the daughter of The Mamas & the Papas band members Michelle and John Phillips.

Phillips was born in Los Angeles.

Carnie Wilson

Carnie Wilson (born April 29, 1968) is an American singer and television host. She sang with Wilson Phillips. She also hosted her own talk show.

Wilson was born in Los Angeles.

Assist (football)

In association football, an assist is a pass or a cross by a player which helps to score a goal. Most commonly, an assist is given to a player for passing or crossing the ball to the scorer. It may also be awarded to a player whose shot rebounds (off a defender, goalkeeper or goalpost) to a teammate who scores. Some systems may give an assist to a player who wins a penalty kick or a free kick for another player to score. An attacking player for contributing to an own goal can also get an assist. A goal may be unassisted, or have one assist. In some systems, even two assists is possible.

Vejbystrand

Vejbystrand is a bimunicipal locality in Skåne County, Sweden. In 2010,2,721 people lived there. Most people live in Ängelholm Municipality and some in Båstad Municipality.

Renzo De Felice

Renzo De Felice (8 April 1929 – 25 May 1996) was an Italian historian. He was born in Rieti and studied at the Sapienza University of Rome. In his youth De Felice joined the Italian Communist Party. He left the party after the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. He wrote more than 20 books and a large number of essays based on his extensive research. He was especially known for his studies on fascism. On this subject he was considered an expert.

He spent more than 40 years (1956-1996) of his life writing a biography of Benito Mussolini. He died before completing it. De Felice was considered an historical revisionist. He taught history at the Sapienza University of Rome. He was married to Livia De Ruggiero. De Felice died May 25, 1996 in Rome.


Nerd Corps Entertainment

Nerd Corps Entertainment is a American computer-animation studio. Nerd Corps has been world known for Slugterra television series. It airs on Disney XD. DHX Media bought the company for $57 million in December 24, 2014. It became a Subsidiary of DHX Media.

Nerd Corps Entertainment is one of the largest children’s animation studios in North America. Founded by Asaph Fipke and Chuck Johnson in 2002. Nerd Corps has grown from a small operation working out of an apartment in downtown Vancouver to more than 400 artists and storytellers. 


American’s DHX Studios


Hungarian Revolution of 1956

The Hungarian Revolution of 1956 or Hungarian Uprising of 1956 ( or ) was a spontaneous nationwide revolt. It was against the government of the Hungarian People's Republic and its Soviet-imposed policies. It lasted from 23 October until 10 November 1956. It was the first major threat to Soviet control since the USSR's forces drove out the Nazis at the end of World War II and took over Eastern Europe. Despite the failure of the uprising, it was highly influential. It played a role in the fall of the Soviet Union decades later.

At the end of World War II Hungary was liberated from the Nazis. It was occupied by the Soviet Union’s Red Army. Hungary's communists were led by General Secretary Mátyás Rákosi and backed by Joseph Stalin. The communists destroyed all political opposition. In 1949 Hungary officially became the People’s Republic of Hungary. Rákosi was an oppressive ruler. He exiled, imprisoned or killed over 300,000 Hungarians. After Stalin died, the soviet communists replaced Rákosi with Imre Nagy. They thought his softer approach would win them popularity. But the Kremlin decided he had become too popular. Rákosi was returned to power in April 1955. His secret police, the AVO, carried out Rákosi's oppressive orders again. Eventually, the Hungarian people got tired of their bad living standards and protested.

When the revolt broke out in October 1956, the Hungarian revolt was very sudden. Nobody had any idea it would sweep the country and break out everywhere all at once. However, there were warning signs that trouble was coming. The Communist Party in Hungary had lost much of its authority and respect. In July of 1956 Rákosi was removed again as leader of the party. He was sent back to the Soviet Union.

2,500 Hungarians died and thousands were imprisoned. Hundreds of Soviet troops died. 200,000 fled Hungary. Communists in the Western Bloc argued about the Soviet Union intervening to stop the uprising.

Substitute (association football)

In association football, a substitute is a player who is brought on to the pitch during a match in exchange for a player who is currently playing. Substitutions can be made for many reasons. Sometimes, they are made to replace a player who has become tired or injured. Substitutes can also replace a player who is playing poorly, or can be for tactics. For example, substitute strikers can be brought on for defenders if the team needs to attack. The term "super-sub" refers to a substitution made by the manager that saves the game. This is generally done by scoring one or more late goals. The goals can equalize or win the team the match. Players who have been called "super-subs" include David Fairclough for Liverpool, Adam Le Fondre for Reading, Ole Gunnar Solskjær and Javier Hernández for Manchester United, and Edin Džeko for Manchester City among others.

Water-mixable oil paint

Water-mixable oil paint (also called "water soluble" or "water miscible") is a modern type of oil paint.

It is designed to be thinned and cleaned up with water. This avoids using turpentine, whose fumes may be harmful if inhaled, and is a fires risk. 

Water miscible oil paint can be mixed and used with the same techniques as traditional oil-based paint. When it is still wet, it can be removed from brushes, palettes, and rags with ordinary soap and water. Its water solubility comes from the use of an oil medium in which one end of the molecule has been altered to bind loosely to water molecules, as in a solution.

Another advantage of this type of oil paint is that it dries faster than traditional oils (but slower than acrylics). Also, painters can control the speed of drying with supplementary products from artistic paint suppliers.

Turpentine

Turpentine (spirit of turpentine, oil of turpentine, wood turpentine) or turps is a solvent and a source of materials for organic synthesis.

Turpentine is a solvent fluid gotten by distilling resin from live trees, mainly pines. It is a complex mixture of hydrocarbons. As a solvent, turpentine is used for thinning oil-based paints, for producing varnishes, and as a raw material for the chemical industry.

The word "turpentine" comes from the Greek word τερεβινθίνη "terebinthine", the name of a species of tree, the terebinth tree. 

It is hazardous. It is dangerous to inhale, and can cause fires. Because of this, white spirit (mineral turps) or other substitutes are often used.
They are very different chemically.

American Sniper

American Sniper is a 2014 American drama movie. It is directed by Clint Eastwood. It is based on a book by Chris Kyle called "American Sniper: The Autobiography of the Most Lethal Sniper in U.S. Military History". It stars Bradley Cooper in the leading role with Sienna Miller. It was released to positive reviews on December 25, 2014. The movie was nominated for six awards at the 2015 Oscars.

Horrible Histories (2009 TV series)

Horrible Histories is a British children's sketch comedy television series, part of the children's history franchise of the same name based on the books written by Terry Deary. The show was produced for CBBC by Lion Television with Citrus Television.

The TV show carries over the graphic style and much of the content of the "Horrible Histories" book series. It maintains the franchise's overall irreverent but accurate focus on the dark, gruesome or scatological aspects of British and other Western world history, spanning from the Stone Age to the post-World War II era. Individual historical eras or civilisations are defined and named as in the books, with sketches from several different time periods combined within a single episode.

In 2011, a spin-off game show, "", was launched on CBBC. In the same year, the original show was repackaged for main channel BBC One as "Horrible Histories with Stephen Fry", with Fry replacing the puppet rat as presenter.


Supporting cast:

Guest starring:

Puppeteer:

Additional Voices:

These are the eras and civilizations that feature in the TV series:

"Horrible Histories" received numerous domestic and international awards and nominations, including several BAFTA Children's Awards, two British Comedy Awards and a Rose d'Or Award for Best Children's Programme. It is the first children's programme to win a British Comedy Award and four successive children's BAFTAs, for Best Comedy. In 2013 the show was also named in a "Radio Times" poll of all-time greatest British children's TV series, and was cited at No. 8 in a similar Top 50 list presented later the same year by Channel Five.


SummerSlam (2001)

SummerSlam (2001) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on August 19, 2001 at Compaq Center in San Jose, California. It was the fourteenth SummerSlam event held by the WWF.

The main event saw The Rock defeat Booker T to win the WCW Championship. The Rock won the match by pinfall after he hit the Rock Bottom on Booker T. Another main match was between Steve Austin and Kurt Angle for the WWF Championship. Angle won the match by disqualification after Austin attacked referees. On the undercard, the main match was a steel cage match between the WCW Tag Team Champions Undertaker and Kane and the WWF Tag Team Champions Diamond Dallas Page and Kanyon. The Undertaker and Kane won the match by pinfall after Undertaker executed the Last Ride on Page.


SummerSlam (2000)

SummerSlam (2000) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on August 27, 2000 at Raleigh Entertainment and Sports Arena in Raleigh, North Carolina. It was the thirteenth SummerSlam event held by the WWF.

The main event saw The Rock defeat Triple H and Kurt Angle in a Triple threat match to retain his WWF Championship. The Rock won the match by pinfall after he hit Triple H with the People's Elbow. A featured match on the undercard saw Kane and The Undertaker fight to a no contest. the match ended in a no contest after Undertaker unmasked Kane. Another main match on the undercard was Edge and Christian (c), The Hardy Boyz (Matt Hardy and Jeff Hardy) and The Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray Dudley and D-Von Dudley) in the first Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match for the WWF Tag Team Championship. Edge and Christian won the match after they climbed the ladder and grabbed the belts that were hanging above the ring. 


Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour

Camillo Paolo Filippo Giulio Benso, Count of Cavour, Isolabella and Leri (10 August 1810 – 6 June 1861), better known as Cavour (), was an Italian politician and statesman. He was an important person in the movement toward the Italian unification.

Cavour was born in Turin during Napoleonic rule. Until 1831, he was a military officer. Later, he decided to travel in Europe to learn more about the effects of the Industrial Revolution. The trips helped him to know and understand the principles of the British Liberal system.

After four years, he returned to Piedmont. He took charge of agriculture and the economy in general. He worked for the spread of schools. During that time, his business and banking activities made him one of the richest men in the Piedmont.

From 1832 to 1848, Cavour was the mayor of Grinzane (now called "Grinzane Cavour" to honor him). In 1847, he founded the newspaper "Il Risorgimento". According to him, the process of economic and social development, which he had promoted for years, could be implemented only after a deep restructuring of political institutions.

In 1850, Cavour became famous because he advocated the "Siccardi Law" that diminished the privileges of the Catholic clergy. In the same year, the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sardinia, Massimo D'Azeglio, chose him as Minister of Agriculture, Trade and Navy. Later he also became Minister of Finance. After D'Azeglio resigned on November 4, 1852, Cavour became Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sardinia.

Cavour's political program wanted to make the Kingdom of Sardinia a constitutional State based on moderate and progressive liberalism and so he dedicated himself to a radical renewal of the economy. He modernised and supported agriculture, strengthened the industrial system and promoted trade with the major European powers. However, his liberal program was criticized by both the "Historical Left", which cared for the poorest citizens, both the "Historical Right", which considered him as a destroyer of conservative traditions.

In 1858, he signed a treaty of alliance between the Kingdom of Sardinia and the French Empire against the Austrian Empire. The next year, the Second Italian War of Independence, the Piedmontese and the French defeated the Austrians, who then controlled Italy.

After the Armistice of Villafranca and Giuseppe Garibaldi's expedition in the South (1860-1861), the unification of Italy was completed. Cavour became the first president of the united Italy. He was also the first Minister of Foreign Affairs. He was the leader of the Liberal parliamentary group. He died of an illness in Turin.


Denis Mack Smith

Denis Mack Smith CBE FBA FRSL (3 March 1920 – 11 July 2017) was a British historian. He has written many books and articles on the history of Italy from the Risorgimento onwards. He wrote biographies of famous Italians in history: Giuseppe Garibaldi, Camillo Cavour, Victor Emmanuel II, and Benito Mussolini. He was born in London.

Between 1942 and 1945, Smith was an officer in the British War Cabinet. From 1947 to 1962 he was a fellow, tutor and lecturer at the University of Cambridge. From 1962 to 1987 he was a Senior Research Fellow at All Souls College, Oxford. He is an Honorary Fellow at Wolfson College, Oxford and of Peterhouse, Cambridge.

Smith died on 11 July 2017 in London at the age of 97.


Anatol Hrytskievich

Anatol Hrytskievich (; January 31, 1929 – January 20, 2015) was a Belarusian historian. He was a correspondent member of the International Academy of Science of Eurasia (1996–2015), doctor of history (1986–2015), professor (1987–2015). He was born in Minsk.

Hrytskievich died on January 20, 2015 in Minsk, aged 85.

Bob Symes

Robert Alexander Schutzmann (6 May 1924 – 19 January 2015) was an Austrian-born British inventor and television presenter.

He was known for his works in "Tomorrow's Land" and on model railways. Symes was known for his relaxed and gentle but well-informed style on his shows. Symes was born in Vienna, Austria.

Symes died in west Wales from cancer, aged 90.

Australian twenty-cent coin

The twenty-cent coin is part of the Australian decimal currency system. 

It replaced the florin on the 14th of February, 1966. The florin was for two shillings. As the system changed, the Australian pound became worth two Australian dollars.

On the obverse side, there is the Queen Elizabeth of Australia. On the other side, there is a platypus.


Trypanosoma

Trypanosoma is a genus of parasitic protozoa. There are in the class Kinetoplastida. They are a monophyletic group of unicellular parasitic flagellate protozoa. All trypanosomes are need more than one particular host to complete life cycle. 

Most are transmitted by a vector, usually by blood-feeding invertebrates. There are different mechanisms among the various species. In an invertebrate host they are generally found in the intestine, but in their mammalian host they usually live in the bloodstream or inside cells.

Trypanosomes infect a variety of hosts and cause various diseases, including the fatal human diseases sleeping sickness, caused by "Trypanosoma brucei", and Chagas disease, caused by "Trypanosoma cruzi".

The mitochondrial genome of the "Trypanosoma", and other kinetoplastids, is made of a highly complex series of circles and minicircles. It needs many proteins for organisation during cell division.

Robert Knox

Robert Knox (4 September 1791 – 20 December 1862) was a Scottish anatomist, zoologist, ethnologist and doctor. He is best known for the Burke and Hare murders. Some of his work had controversy because he tried to prove that Anglo-Saxons were superior to other people.

Robert Knox was born in Edinburgh's North Richmond Street to Mary and Robert Knox. His father was a teacher of mathematics and philosophy. He had smallpox as an infant, which blinded his left eye and changed his face. He was educated at the Royal High School, where he bullied his friends.

In 1810, he joined medical classes in Edinburgh. He became interested in transcendentalism.

Knox graduated from Edinburgh University in 1814.

Knox married his wife Susan in 1824.


Ambrosia beetle

Ambrosia beetles are beetles of the weevil subfamilies Scolytinae and Platypodinae (Coleoptera, Curculionidae. They live in symbiosis with ambrosia fungi and bacteria. The beetles make tunnels in dead trees where they grow fungal gardens for nutrition.

During their evolution, most weevils became more or less dependant on fungi. Some bark beetles that ate phloem are using more fungi. These beetles are called "mycophloeophages".


Platypus (weevil)

Platypus is a weevil genus in the subfamily Platypodinae.


Michel Jeury

Michel Jeury (23 January 1934 – 9 January 2015), also known by his pseudonym Albert Higon, was a French science fiction writer. He wrote over seventy books between 1958 and 2013.

Jeury was born in Razac-d'Eymet, Dordogne.

Jeury died on 9 January 2015 in Vaison-la-Romaine, Vaucluse, aged 80.


Hypocenter

The hypocenter (literally: 'below the center') is the site of an earthquake or a nuclear explosion. In an earthquake, it is a synonym of the focus. In the case of a nuclear explosion, it is a synonym of ground zero.

Bettino Ricasoli

Bettino Ricasoli, 1st Baron Ricasoli, 1st Count of Brolio (29 March 1809 - 23 October 1880) was an Italian statesman. He was born in Florence. Ricasoli served as Mayor of Florence from January 1848 to November of the same year. Member of the "Historic Right", after the Camillo Cavour's death Ricasoli became Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Italy. He was Prime Minister of Italy from 12 June 1861 to 3 March 1862 and from 20 June 1866 to 10 April 1867. He was also twice Foreign Minister, twice Interior Minister and once Minister of War.

In the last years of his life he was mayor of Gaiole in Chianti, a small town near Siena. Ricasoli died in his castle in Broglio, another village near Siena. Ricasoli's private life and public career were marked by the utmost integrity, and by a rigid austerity which earned him the name of the "Iron Baron". He was also a freemason.

Kinyarwanda

Kinyarwanda is the official language of Rwanda. Many natives in the country speak it.

Five Nights at Freddy's 2

Five Nights at Freddy's 2 is a survival horror point and click video game. It was created by Scott Cawthon The game is available on Windows, Android, iOS, Nintendo Switch, Playstation 4 and xbox chronologically set to be a sequel to "Five Nights at Freddy's 4", and the prequel to "Five Nights at Freddy's". The game takes place in November of 1987. "Five Nights at Freddy's 2" was released on November 11, 2014, on Steam and Desura for $7.99. There is also a free demo on IndieDB, which only has the first two nights available to play. The game was supposed to be released sometime in 2015, as seen on a poster on Scott Cawthon's website, but it was changed due to problems in releasing the demo.

It was released on Steam and Desura on November 10, 2014, after a delay with the demo. A mobile port for Android was released on November 13, 2014, and an iOS port on November 20, 2014 "In Five Nights at Freddy's 2, the old and aging animatronics are joined by a new cast of characters. They are kid-friendly, updated with the latest in facial recognition technology, tied into local criminal databases, and promise to put on a safe and entertaining show for kids and grown-ups alike!"

"What could go wrong?"

"As the new security guard working nights, your job is to monitor cameras and make sure nothing goes wrong after-hours. The previous guard has complained about the characters trying to get into the office (he has since been moved to day-shift). So to make your job easier, you've been provided with your very own empty Freddy Fazbear head, which should fool the animatronic characters into leaving you alone if they should accidentally enter your office."

"As always, Fazbear Entertainment is not responsible for death or dismemberment Like the first game, FNaF 2 is an indie point-and-click survival horror video game. The player controls Jeremy Fitzgerald, the night guard at the newly revamped Freddy Fazbear's Pizza. Like in the first entry, Jeremy must survive from midnight to 6 AM without being attacked by the Animatronics wandering through the building. The game introduces the Toy Animatronics as the main antagonists, while the Classic Animatronics from FNaF 1 return as Withered Animatronics - damaged shells of their former selves. This game also introduces two new animatronics, The Puppet and Balloon Boy."

"As in the first game, Jeremy will be located in the security office for the duration of each night. He will have access to a Monitor that allows him to scroll through the security cameras and a Flashlight with limited battery that can illuminate rooms being viewed on the cameras. Animatronics will slowly navigate the building and attempt to get into the Office, either through the Main Hall or one of two air vents on either side of the desk - all of which can be illuminated using Light switches. Unlike in FNaF 1, however, the Doors and Power mechanics have both been removed, meaning that the player cannot stop animatronics getting inside the Office."

"Jeremy can put on a Freddy Fazbear Head to disguise himself if an animatronic enters the Office and evade being attacked - however, this does not work on Withered Foxy, who must be scared off using the Flashlight instead. To prevent the mask from being abused, however, there is a Music Box in the building's Prize Counter that slowly winds down over time. The player must frequently open the Monitor, flip to the Prize Counter and rewind the music box - if it fully unwinds, the Puppet will escape from its prize box and head towards the Office, and like Withered Foxy, it cannot be fooled by the Freddy head. Failure to defend himself from an animatronic (except Balloon Boy, who will instead disable the Flashlight) will result in them jumpscaring the player and killing Jeremy, resulting in a Game Over."

"The game's main campaign is split into five levels, or "nights", just like the original game. Beating Night 5 will unlock an extra-difficult Night 6, and beating that unlocks a customizable Night 7 which allows you to adjust the difficulty of each animatronic. There are also four hidden minigames that can randomly occur upon receiving a Game Over, which allow you to play as the animatronics in Atari-style levels that give insight on the plot. The promotional poster for the game was first uploaded on Scott's official website on September 12, 2014. Official pictures released by Scott Cawthon suggested that the original animatronics may have gone into disrepair like Foxy and have been replaced by new ones."

"However, following the release of the first teaser image, two more images surfaced, depicting the current Bonnie and Foxy alongside the newer models of the same characters. Further updates from Scott's website show that a new animatronic would be joining the cast of already confirmed characters - a clown-like puppet appearing in what is now known as the Prize Corner."

"A two-night demo was released to the general public, while exclusive three-night demos were released to certain YouTubers such as Markiplier. Soon after the demo came out, the full game was released to everyone."

SummerSlam (1999)

SummerSlam (1999) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on August 22, 1999 at Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was the twelfth SummerSlam event held by the WWF.

The main event saw Mankind defeat Steve Austin and Triple H in a Triple threat match to win the WWF Championship. Mankind won the match by pinfall after hitting Austin with a Double arm DDT.


Alain LeRoy Locke

Alain Leroy Locke (September 13, 1886 – June 9, 1954) was an American writer, philosopher, educator, and patron of the arts. He was the first African American Rhodes Scholar in 1907. Locke was called the "godfather" of the Harlem Renaissance. As a result, popular listings of influential African-Americans have repeatedly included him. On March 19, 1968, the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said: "We're going to let our children know that the only philosophers that lived were not Plato and Aristotle, but W. E. B. Du Bois and Alain Locke came through the universe."

Locke was born on September 13, 1886 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. His parents were both schoolteachers. He was a graduate of Central High School and the Philadelphia School of Pedagogy. He was a member of the Harvard University of 1908. However, he graduated ("magna cum laude") after only three years in 1907. In 1912 he won a Rhodes Scholarship which he used to attend Oxford University. He also studied for a year at the Frederick William University of Berlin. In 1918 he received his Ph.D. from Harvard.

He began teaching at Howard University where he remained until 1953. He retired because of heart problems. Locke died on June 9, 1954 in New York City. His last work was an unfinished book, "The Negro in American Culture". It was finished and published in 1956 by his daughter, Margaret Just Butcher.


Urbano Rattazzi

Urbano Pio Francesco Rattazzi (29 June 1808 – 5 June 1873) was an Italian statesman.

He was born in Alessandria (Piedmont). He studied law at Turin and in 1838 began working as a lawyer. He began his political career in 1848, when he was elected deputy of the Kingdom of Sardinia.

Urbano Rattazzi served as President of the Chamber of Deputies three times: twice in the Kingdom of Sardinia (from 11 May 1852 to 27 October 1853 and from 10 January 1859 to 21 January 1860) and once in the Kingdom of Italy (from 18 February 1861 to March 3 1862).

Very moderate member of the "Historical Left", he was twice Prime Minister of Italy: from March 3 1862 to December 8 of the same year and from 10 April 1867 to 27 October of the same year.

When Giuseppe Garibaldi tried to join Rome to Italy with a forceful action, Rattazzi ordered that he be arrested. However, "the hero of two worlds" escaped: consequently, Rattazzi was forced to resign and retire from political life.

Rattazzi was also several times Minister and deputy, both in the Kingdom of Sardinia and in the Kingdom of Italy.

He died at Frosinone.

His wife, Maria Wyse Bonaparte, was a granddaughter of Lucien Bonaparte and a grandniece of Napoleon Bonaparte.

Västra Karup

Västra Karup is a locality in Båstad Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 582 people lived there. Birgit Nilsson was born there 1918.

Östra Karup

Östra Karup is a locality in Båstad Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 594 people lived there.

Torekov

Torekov is a locality in Båstad Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 863 people lived there. While still a fishing village, it is today also a summer resort.

In August 1971 the "Torekov Compromise" was decided there. It stripped the Swedish monarchs of all remainind political power.

Hjärnarp

Hjärnarp is a locality in Ängelholm Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 975 people lived there.

Kattarp

Kattarp is a locality in Helsingborg Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, people lived there.

Arbrå

Arbrå is a locality in Bollnäs Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,215 people lived there.

Kilafors

Kilafors is a locality in Bollnäs Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,126 people lived there.

Odd Olsen Ingerø

Odd Olsen Ingerø (born September 22, 1950) is a Norwegian civil servant. He was the Governor of Svalbard from 2001 to 2005 and again from 2009 to 2015. Ingerø was governor from 2001-2005, and came back in 2009 for a second term. For 20 years he was the chief of police in Kirkenes.

Gladstone Gander

Gladstone Gander is the luck cousin of Donald and Fethry Duck,is the son of Daphne Duck and Goostave Gander. The Luck was inherited from the mother. Gladstone is one of the first works by Barks, even before Uncle Scrooge. 
GLaDstone boasts of great fortune that, look not inherited from the mother, and often in the stories of Italian production comes out with his cousin Donald Duck to annoy,for example the DoubleDuck saga.
As countless other characters from Carl Barks appears in television saga DuckTales, here the lucky duck acts as secondary character.

Anna-Clara Tidholm

Anna-Clara Beatrice Tidholm (born "Tjerneld" on 7 January 1946 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish children's writer and illustrator. She grew up on the island of Djurgården in Stockholm. She has lived at a small farm in Arbrå since 1970.



Horse theft

Horse theft is the crime of stealing a horse. A person accused of stealing a horse is known as a horse thief. Horse theft was fairly common throughout the world prior to widespread car ownership. Punishments were often severe for horse theft. In several places the sentence of death was carried out. This was seen as a deterrent against horse theft. Death for an agricultural crime such as horse theft is seen as inhumane under most modern systems of law. Horse theft is an uncommon crime today.

Göingeflickorna

Göingeflickorna was a girl vocal trio from Sweden. It was active between 1955-1955. The members were sisters Sonja Martinsson (1934–2013), Barbro Svensson (born 1941) and Agnetha Gardelid (born 1945). Their major breakthrough came in 1961 with the song "Kära mor". Barbro left the trio in 1975. Sonja and Agnetha then continued appearing together.


Fellingsbro

Fellingsbro is a locality in Lindesberg Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,384 people lived there.

Åmotfors

Åmotfors is a bimunicipal locality in Eda Municipality and Arvika Municipality in Värmland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,410 people lived there.

Justin Capră

Virgilius Justin Capra (22 February 1933 – 19 January 2015) was a Romanian inventor, teacher and engineer. He was known for his many inventions including: the world's 1st first jetpack (named "flying backpack"), electric tricycle Oblio and Troty, the smallest car in the world Soleta (with a consumption of 0.5l / 100 km), first "rocketcar", car with a plane engine (Virgilius) and more.

Kemal Monteno

Kemal Monteno (17 September 1948 – 21 January 2015) was a Bosnian singer-songwriter. His career stretched back to the 1960s. He recorded his first song "Lidija" in 1967 and has enjoyed a prosperous career in the former Yugoslavia. He is perhaps best known for "Sarajevo ljubavi moja", a tribute to his home town.

Monteno died at a Zagreb hospital of pneumonia and sepsis on 21 January 2015 due to complications after the kidney transplant. He was 66 years old.

Austrian School

The Austrian School is a way of thinking about economics. It is based on the actions of the individual person. It started in late 19th and early 20th century Vienna, Austria. It is referred to as Austrian economics, because the primary economists were Austrian although its followers are from all over the world today.

Followers of the Austrian school criticize central planning, government price controls and other state regulations. They say that it is impossible for government institutions to make comparatively better decisions about production or the prices of goods and services because they do not have the knowledge or flexibility that millions of individual consumers have. Followers of the Austrian school also criticize government inflation of the money supply.


The Hunchback of Notre Dame II

The Hunchback of Notre Dame II (also known as The Hunchback of Notre Dame II: The Secret of the Bell) is a 2002 American musical comedy movie. It is a direct-to-video sequel to the 1996 Disney animated movie "The Hunchback of Notre Dame". It was produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. It was released on January 24, 2002.


Additional voices

Calcaneus

The calcaneus is a bone of the foot and part of the heel. Its name came from the Latin word , "calcaneus" or "calcaneum", meaning heel.

Spur (zoology)

A spur is a bone covered in horn that grows out of an animal's body. While claws or nails grow from the toes, spurs grow on other parts of the foot. These parts are usually connected with joints. Spurs are mostly found on the hindfeet, but some birds have spurs at the edge of their wings.

Not many mammals have spurs.
The male platypus has spurs on the heels of its hind feet. The spurs are hollow and connected to a venom gland. This helps the platypus kick painfully. Echidnas have spurs as well, but they are not venomous. Fossils of some early mammals are found to have spurs also.

Ryan Adams

David Ryan Adams (born November 5, 1974) is an American singer-songwriter, musician and producer. He was a member of the alternative country band Whiskeytown. His first solo album, "Heartbreaker", was released in 2000. 

Adams was born in Jacksonville, North Carolina.


Electroreception

Electroreception is the ability animals have to sense electrical sources. It is mostly found in aquatic or amphibious animals. This is because water helps the signals travel better than air. Some exceptions are the echidnas, cockroaches and bees. Electroreception is used in electrolocation.

Until recently, people thought only vertebrates had electroreception. However, research has shown that bees use electroreception to find flowers. Electroreception is found in lampreys, cartilaginous fishes (sharks, rays, chimaeras), lungfishes, bichirs, coelacanths, sturgeons, catfishes, gymnotiformes, monotremes, and at least one species of cetacean. Fish have electroreception from their lateral lines. In most groups electroreception is used for predation. The Western long-beaked echidna has about 2,000 electroreceptors on its bill. Its relative, the duck-billed platypus, has 40,000.

Electroreceptive animals use this sense to find where objects are. This is important in ecological niches where the animal cannot see. For example, animals cannot use their vision in caves, in murky water, and at night. Many fish use electric fields to find buried prey. Some shark pups "freeze" when they feel the electric signal of their predators.



Rachael Taylor

Rachael May Taylor (born 11 July 1984) is an Australian actress and model. She acts in both Australian and Hollywood movies. She played Maggie Madsen in the 2007 movie "Transformers". She played Teri in "Man-Thing".

Taylor was born in Launceston, Tasmania.

Hydrogen ion

Hydrogen ion is recommended by IUPAC as a general term for all ions of hydrogen and its isotopes. 
Depending on the charge of the ion, there are two types: positively charged ions and negatively charged ions.

When hydrogen loses its electron, the cations can be formed:

The ions produced by the reaction of these cations with water, as well as their hydrates, are also called 'hydrogen ions'.

In connection with acids, "hydrogen ions" usually refers to hydrons.

Hydrogen anions are formed when additional electrons are acquired:


SummerSlam (1998)

SummerSlam (1998) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on August 30, 1998 at Madison Square Garden in New York, New York. It was the eleventh SummerSlam event held by the WWF.

The main event saw Steve Austin defeat The Undertaker and retain his WWF Championship. Austin won the match by pinfall after he hit Undertaker with the Stunner. On the undercard, the main match was a ladder match between Triple H and The Rock for the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Triple H won the match by climbing a ladder and grabbing the title that was hanging above the ring.


Yours Faithfully

Yours Faithfully is the final studio album as of 2015 by Rebbie Jackson. The album has the extended version of "Centipede" on it. The title track, along with "You Take Me Places" and the extended "Centipede" (original 1984 track) were released in 1998.

The song "Centipede" had been released fourteen years earlier.

Maria Rolf

Maria Rolf, born 1970, is a Swedish singer. She is the singer of dansband Titanix.

In February 2010 she participated in the "Sveriges dansband för Haiti" aid. That happened following an earthquake in Haiti.

On 18 July 2010 she won a Guldklaven Award in the category "female singer of the year". It was during Svenska dansbandsveckan in Malung she was given the award.

Emilia Ramboldt

Emilia Ramboldt, earlier Emilia Andersson, born 31 August 1988 in Sollentuna, Sweden) is a Swedish female ice hockey defencewoman. She played for Sweden during the women's ice hockey tournament during the 2010 Olympic Winter Games.



Emilia

Emilia may refer to:


Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon, Duke of Penthièvre

Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon (16 November 1725 – 4 March 1793) was the son of Louis Alexandre de Bourbon and his wife Marie Victoire de Noailles. He was also a grandson of Louis XIV of France and his mistress, Madame de Montespan. From birth he was known as the Duke of Penthièvre. He also possessed many titles inherited from his father and was the richest man in France during his lifetime. He was later the father in law of Philippe Égalité. Though his fsther was an illegitimate son of a king the young duke was still known as and given the rank of a Prince of the blood. A majority of his vast fortune had been inherited via "La Grande Mademoiselle". Hen was also famous for his incredible generosity to the poor of the time. He also owned the land where the future Royal Chapel of Dreux would be built.

In 1744 Penthièvre married Princess Maria Teresa Felicitas d'Este of Modena, (1726-1754), the daughter of Francesco d'Este, the Duke of Modena and Reggio, and his first cousin, Charlotte Aglaé d'Orléans. The young couple occupied a suite of apartments at Versailles which had previously been occupied by their joint ancestor Madame de Montespan. These apartments were used by the duke and his family until the reign of Louis XVI of France when the space was given to "Mesdames", the new king's spinster aunts.

The couple had seven children, only two of whom survived infancy:

The Duchess of Penthièvre died after her last childbirth in 1754. Very badly hurt by the loss of his young wife, the duke never married again despite the sister of his dead wife, Princess Matilde being suggested as a possible candidate to marry. The widower refused.

16 November 1725 – 4 March 1793 "His Serene Highness" The Duke of Penthièvre.


Emilia (given name)

Emilia is a feminine name of Latin origin. It is got from the name Emily, which itself is got from the Latin "aemulus", meaning “rival” or “emulating”. 

The name Emilia is often associated with the Latin phrase “aemulare”, which means “to strive to equal or excel”. This name was ranked #40 on the US Popular Female Names in 2021.

As of 2010, records indicated that more than 13,500 girls in the USA had been named Emilia since 1880. The popularity has been increasing after the year 2000.



Lisa Riley

Lisa Jane Riley (born 13 July 1976) is an English television presenter and actress. She is best known for portraying the role of Mandy Dingle in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (1995–2001, 2019–present). Riley succeeded Jeremy Beadle as presenter of "You've Been Framed!".

Jessica Ennis-Hill

Dame Jessica Ennis-Hill (born 28 January 1986), is a British track and field athlete. She specializes in multi-eventing disciplines and 100 meter hurdles. She is a member of the City of Sheffield Athletic Club. Ennis-Hill is the current Olympic heptathlon champion. She is the former European and world heptathlon champion. Ennis-Hill is also the former world indoor Women's pentathlon champion. 

She is the current British national record holder for the heptathlon and the indoor pentathlon. She is a former British record holder in the 100 metres hurdles and the high jump.

Ennis won a gold medal in the indoor World Championships in Doha. This was for pentathlon. In Jessica's first competition in 2011 she set an indoor personal best of 14.11 metres in the shot put. She improved this record by 50 centimetres a week later at an indoor meeting in Loughborough. On 29 January 2012, Ennis captained the British team at an international meeting in Glasgow. She competed in the sixty-metres hurdles and won in a time of 7.97 seconds.

At the 2011 World Athletics Championships in Daegu, South Korea, Ennis originally finished second to Tatyana Chernova with a score of 6,751 points. This was 129 points behind Chernova and 72 points below her own personal best of 6,823 points. Although Ennis beat Chernova in five of the seven events, her defeat was largely due to Chernova scoring 251 more points in the javelin throw. Chernova was later disqualified for failing a later doping testing, On 29 November 2016 Ennis-Hill was upgraded to a Gold Medal.

She won gold in the Heptathlon at the 2012 London Olympics.

On 13 October 2016, Ennis-Hill announced her retirement from athletics.

Ennis-Hill was born in Sheffield to a Jamaican father and English mother. Ennis was made a Member of the British Empire in 2011. She was made a Commander of the British Empire in 2013. On November 8, 2012, she published a book about her life called "Unbelievable - From My Childhood Dreams to Winning Olympic Gold".

Go Deep

"Go Deep" is a pop song from singer Janet Jackson. The song is about Jackson's plan to go to a nightclub to find a man to have sex with. The song has many remixes. The original recording of this song is four minutes and 42 seconds. The longest version is ten minutes and 53 seconds. The single was given mixed reviews from music critics. It did well in many countries. "Go Deep" was released on June 15, 1998.

Ulvåker

Ulvåker is a locality in Skövde Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 254 people lived there.

Anne Ottenbrite

Anne Ottenbrite-Muylaert, CM (born May 12, 1966) is a Canadian retired swimmer. She was a breaststroke swimmer.

Ottenbrite competed for Canada at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. She won a gold, silver, and a bronze medal for Canada. She won a gold medal in the 200 m breaststroke, a silver medal in the 100 m breaststroke, and a bronze medal in the 4 × 100 m medley relay with Reema Abdo, Michelle MacPherson, and Pamela Rai. She also won a gold and silver medal for Canada at the 1983 Pan American Games in the 100 m breaststroke and the 4 × 100 m medley.

In 1984, Ottenbrite attended the University of Southern California. She transferred to Wilfrid Laurier University in 1987 and graduated in 1990. She retired from the national team in 1986.

She was inducted into the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame in 1985, Canadian Aquatic Hall of Fame in 1986, Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1994, and International Swim Hall of Fame in 1999. She was awarded the Order of Canada in 1984.


Svenska dansbandsveckan

Svenska dansbandsveckan is a dansband music festival. It is held in the Orrskogen folkpark of Malung in Sweden. It is held every Week 29. The event was first held in 1986. Usually the event is opened with the Guldklaven awards being awarded.

In 2012 the event was visited by a total of 50,700 people. That meant a new record had been broken.


Koskullskulle

Koskullskulle is a locality in Gällivare Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 874 people lived there.

Tidan

Tidan is a locality in Skövde Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 935 people lived there.

Ölme

Ölme is a locality in Kristinehamn Municipality in Värmland County in Sweden. In 2010, 224 people lived there.

Skultorp

Skultorp is a locality in Skövde Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,642 people lived there.

Iggesund

Iggesund is a locality in Hudiksvall Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,362 people lived there.

SummerSlam (1997)

SummerSlam (1997) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on August 3, 1997 at Continental Airlines Arena in East Rutherford, New Jersey. It was the tenth SummerSlam event held by the WWF.

The main event saw Bret Hart defeat The Undertaker and win the WWF Championship with Shawn Michaels acting as the special guest referee. Hart won the match by pinfall after he spit in Michaels face and Michaels swung a chair, which Hart was able to avoid, and hit The Undertaker.

During the Intercontinental title match between Owen Hart and Stone Cold Steve Austin, Owen botched a piledriver which had briefly paralyzed Austin and had left him with many years of neck issues which ultimately forced him to retire at age 37 in 2003. Austin has since said that his neck is in good shape and he is in zero pain after he had a successful neck surgery performed in 2000.


Delsbo

Delsbo () is a locality in Hudiksvall Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,192 people lived there. It is located circa 25 kilometers west of Hudiksvall, near the two lakes of Dellen. The place is known for its assembly of musicians at Delsbo Ancient Farm ("Delsbo Forngård") each year.

Hillared

Hillared is a locality in Svenljunga Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 578 people lived there.

Överlida

Överlida is a locality in Svenljunga Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 525 people lived there.

Luigi Carlo Farini

Luigi Carlo Farini (October 22, 1812 - August 1, 1866) was an Italian physician, statesman and historian. Farini was born at Russi, now in the province of Ravenna. He graduated with a degree in medicine in 1832 at the University of Bologna. Later he worked as a physician, researching intermittent fevers and rabies.

Farini was initially a republican and a supporter of Giuseppe Mazzini. Later he became a monarchist and member of the "Historic Right". In 1851 he was, for a few months, Minister of Education of the Kingdom of Sardinia in the government led by Massimo D'Azeglio.

He was dictator "pro tempore" of Emilia from July 20, 1859 to March 13, 1860. He had the same role in Romagna from November 9, 1859. Farini was appointed President of the Council of Ministers of the Kingdom of Italy in the December 8, 1862. However, he was struck by a nervous disease that would take him to madness. During the Polish uprising of January 1863, he threatened the king Victor Emmanuel II with a knife. This was because he wanted to force him to declare war against the Russian Empire. As a result of this act, he was commitmed to the asylu of Novalese, a small town near Turin. Farini died at Genoa in poverty in 1866.

Gimo

Gimo is a locality in Östhammar Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010 2,688 people lived there.

Näsviken

Näsviken may refer to:


Näsviken, Strömsund Municipality

Näsviken is a locality in Strömsund Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 203 people lived there.

Näsviken, Hudiksvall Municipality

Näsviken is a locality in Hudiksvall Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 924 people lived there.

Backe

Backe is a locality in Strömsund Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 599 people lived there.

Lagan, Sweden

Lagan is a locality in Ljungby Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,744 people lived there. The place is named after the Lagan River.

Psychological trauma

Psychological trauma is damage to the psyche that happens after a stressful event. It can be caused by things that make a person afraid. Common causes include humiliation, sexual abuse, bullying, psychological abuse and domestic violence. Living with any of those for a long time can cause psychological trauma.

People who have suffered psychological trauma, particularly in childhood and adolescence, are more likely to have psychological problems. Those problems can include posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and borderline personality disorder.

Nissan Cup

Nissan Cup () was an ice hockey tournament for men's national teams. It was played in Switzerland between 1988-1994. The tournament was originally played in November. It was later moved to February. Finally, the tournament was moved back to November.

Moderate Women

The Moderate Women () is a women's faction of the Moderate Party in Sweden. It was established in 1912. That was following women had been allowing to vote in municipal elections from 1910.


SD-Women

The SD Women () is a Political faction of the Sweden Democrats. It consists of women. It was established in October 2010.


Stefanie Scott

Stefanie Scott (born December 6, 1996) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Lexi Reed in the television series, A.N.T. Farm. She has been in TV shows and movies on the Disney Channel. She had a role in the movie "No Strings Attached". She has won two Young Artist Awards and a Behind the Voice Actors Award.

Vrigstad

Vrigstad is a locality in Sävsjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,421 people lived there.

Irsta

Irsta is a locality in Västerås Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,717 people lived there.

Stockaryd

Stockaryd is a locality in Sävsjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 958 people lived there.

Rörvik

Rörvik is a locality in Sävsjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 523 people lived there.

Lammhult

Lammhult is a locality in Växjö Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,459 people lived there.

Agunnaryd

Agunnaryd is a locality in Ljungby Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 220 people lived there.

Gamleby

Gamleby is a locality in Västervik Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,775 people lived there.

Bella and the Bulldogs

Bella and the Bulldogs is an American sitcom airs on Nickelodeon. The series Premiered January 17, 2015.

On March 4, 2015, Nickelodeon ordered a second season.

The series follows Bella, a cheerleader who lives in Texas. Her life changes when she becomes the new quarterback for her school football team, the Bulldogs.




Karlsborg, Kalix Municipality

Karlsborg (Kalix Language: "kjalsbåri") is a locality in Kalix Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 351 people lived there.

Nyborg

Nyborg is a locality in Kalix Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 833 people lived there 2010.

Seskarö

Seskarö (Finnish: "Seittenkaari") is a locality in Haparanda Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 491 people lived there. It is located on the island with the same name in the Haparanda Archipelago. Since 1978, it has bridge connection to maninland Sweden.

Porjus

Porjus is a locality in Jokkmokk Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2015, 240 people lived there. It is located near the shorelines of the Lule River.

Brottby

Brottby is a locality in Vallentuna Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 205 people lived there. In January 1998, the place was brought attention when Swedish police stroke against a Neo-Nazi rock concert.

Morjärv

Morjärv (Kalix language: "morajärv") is a locality in Kalix Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 201 people lived there.

Gammelgården

Gammelgården is a locality in Kalix Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 297 people lived there.

Leon Brittan

Leon Brittan, Baron Brittan of Spennithorne (25 September 1939 – 21 January 2015) was a British politician and barrister. A member of the Conservative Party, he served as Home Secretary (1983–1985), a member of Parliament (MP) and subsequently of the European Commission.

Brittan died of cancer in London, aged 75.

In October 2014, a Labour MP used parliamentary privilege to refer to claims that Brittan had been linked to child abuse. On 21 March 2016, the Metropolitan Police confirmed that "Operation Midland", the investigation into the alleged paedophile ring, had been closed without any charges being brought.

Lotte Hass

Charlotte ("Lotte") Hildegard Hass (née Baierl; 6 November 1928 – 14 January 2015) was the second wife of the Austrian naturalist and diving pioneer Hans Hass (who died on 16 June 2013). She worked as an underwater model and actress in several of his underwater natural history movies. She was added into the Women Divers Hall of Fame and the International Scuba Diving Hall of Fame in 2000.

 at IMDb

Marcus Borg

Marcus J. Borg (March 11, 1942 – January 21, 2015) was an American New Testament scholar, theologian and author. He was a fellow of the Jesus Seminar and a former Hundere Distinguished Professor of Religion and Culture at Oregon State University. He was a major figure in scholarship related to the historical Jesus. He was born in Fergus Falls, Minnesota.

Borg died at the age of 72 on Wednesday, January 21, 2015 from pulmonary fibrosis in Powell Butte, Oregon.

Pauline Yates

Pauline Yates (16 June 1929 – 21 January 2015) was an English actress. She was best known for playing Elizabeth Perrin in the BBC television sitcom "The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin". She also starred in "Bachelor Father" and "Keep It in the Family".

Yates died on 21 January 2015, aged 85.

Vytautas Landsbergis

Professor Vytautas Landsbergis (born 18 October 1932) is a Lithuanian conservative politician and a former Member of the European Parliament. He was the first head of state of Lithuania after its independence declaration from the Soviet Union, and served as the Head of the Lithuanian Parliament Seimas.


Chalon-sur-Saône

Chalon-sur-Saône is a city and a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of France. It is the largest city of the department; however, the department capital is the smaller city of Mâcon.

Though the place where is Chalon-sur-Saône now was an important town of the Aedui (Celtic people that lived between the Saône and Loire rivers) and objects of La Tène culture have been found here, the first mention of the town, as Cavillonum or Cabillonum, is found in Julius Caesar's "Gallic Wars" (VII, chs. 42 and 90).

Chalon-sur-Saône is on the sides of the Saône river, in the south of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. The city is at to the southeast of Paris and at to the north of Lyon.

It has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The Saône river flows through the eastern part of the city and the small river Thalie flows through the western part of the "commune".

Chalon-sur-Saône is surrounded by the "communes" Fragnes, Crissey, Châtenoy-en-Bresse, Saint-Marcel, Lux, Saint-Rémy, Châtenoy-le-Royal and Champforgeuil.

The climate of Chalon-sur-Saône, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Chalon-sur-Saône are known, in French, as "Chalonnais" (women: "Chalonnaises").

With a population of 44,985, Chalon-sur-Saône has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Chalon-sur-Saône

Chalon-sur-Saône forms, with other 9 "communes", the urban area of Chalon-sur-Saône, with a population of 74.357 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Chalon-sur-Saône, formed by 90 "communes" with a population of 134,568 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Chalon-sur-Saône is a subprefecture of the Saône-et-Loire department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône and the administrative centre () of three cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Grand Chalon" ().

Chalon-sur-Saône is a twin town of:

Some interesting places in Chalon-sur-Saône are:




Dalia Grybauskaitė

Dalia Grybauskaitė (born 1 March 1956) is a Lithuanian politician. She became the President of Lithuania on 12 July 2009. She was re-elected in May 2014. She is the country's first female President and the first to be elected for a second term.

She was Vice-Minister of Foreign Affairs and Minister of Finance, also European Commissioner for Financial Programming and the Budget from 2004 to 2009. She is often referred to as the "Iron Lady" or the "Steel Magnolia".


Arrondissements of the Saône-et-Loire department

There are 5 arrondissements in the Saône-et-Loire department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

The arrondissements are further divided into cantons and communes.

The arrondissements of the Saône-et-Loire department are:

Since its creation, the Saône-et-Loire department has had few changes:


Chris Kyle

Christopher Scott "Chris" Kyle (April 8, 1974 – February 2, 2013) was a United States Navy SEAL. Kyle was the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history. He had 160 confirmed kills out of 255 possible kills. Kyle was born in Odessa, Texas.

On February 2, 2013, Kyle was shot and killed at a shooting range near Chalk Mountain, Texas, aged 38.

Arrondissement of Autun

The arrondissement of Autun is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Saône-et-Loire "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital is the city of Autun.

When the Saône-et-Loire department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Autun was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Autun is bordered to the north by the Côte-d'Or department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Charolles and to the west by the Nièvre department.

It is the northernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the second largest in area of the department. It has 86,693 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the arrondissement of Autun are:

The "arrondissement" of Autun has 83 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Pietro Grasso

Pietro Grasso (; born 1 January 1945), also known as Piero Grasso, is an Italian anti-mafia magistrate and politician. He was the President of the Italian Senate from 2013 until 2018. Grasso became Acting President of Italy on 14 January 2015, after the resignation of President Giorgio Napolitano. Sergio Mattarella succeeded Grasso as president when he was elected as the new president of Italy.

Arrondissement of Chalon-sur-Saône

The arrondissement of Chalon-sur-Saône is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Saône-et-Loire "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital is the city of Chalon-sur-Saône.

When the Saône-et-Loire department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône is bordered to the north by the Côte-d'Or department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Louhans, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Mâcon, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Charolles and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Autun.

It is found in the northern part of the department, with an area of , the second largest in area of the department. It has 200,084 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" of the department with more people living there, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the arrondissement of Chalon-sur-Saône are:
The "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône has 149 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Charolles

The arrondissement of Charolles is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Saône-et-Loire "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital is the city of Charolles.

When the Saône-et-Loire department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Charolles was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Charolles is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Autun, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône and to the east by the "arrondissement" of Mâcon. It is also bordered by three departments of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region: the Rhône department to the southeast, the Loire department to the south and the Allier department to the west.

It is in the southwestern corner of the department, with an area of , the largest in area of the department. It has 99,381 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the arrondissement of Charolles are:
The "arrondissement" of Charolles has 135 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Louhans

The arrondissement of Louhans is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Saône-et-Loire "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital is the city of Louhans.

When the Saône-et-Loire was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Louhans was part of that original department. In 1926, the "arrondissement" of Louhans was eliminated but in 1942 it became again an "arrondissement" of the department.

The "arrondissement" of Louhans is bordered to the north and east by the Jura department, to the southeast by the Ain (Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes) department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Mâcon, to the west by the "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône and to the northwest (a small part) by the Côte-d'Or department.

It is the easternmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the second smallest in area of the department. It has 55,567 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" of Saône-et-Loire with fewer people living in it, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only three cantons in the arrondissement of Louhans: Cuiseaux (partly), Louhans and Pierre-de-Bresse.

The "arrondissement" of Louhans has 79 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Mâcon

The arrondissement of Mâcon is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Saône-et-Loire "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Mâcon.

When the Saône-et-Loire department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Mâcon was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Mâcon is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Louhans and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Charolles. It is also bordered by two departments of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region: the Rhône department to the south and the Ain department to the east.

It is in the southern part of the department, with an area of , the smallest in area of the department. It has 114,063 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the arrondissement of Mâcon are:


The "arrondissement" of Mâcon has 121 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Landslide victory

A landslide victory is when one candidate or political party in an election receives a lot more votes or seats than their opponent.

An example of a landslide victory is when Ronald Reagan won the 1984 United States presidential election by winning 49 out of the 50 states. Other examples include when Tony Blair and his Labour Party won the United Kingdom general elections of 1997 and 2001 and when Andrés Manuel López Obrador won the presidency by nearly 13,000,000 votes in the 2018 Mexican general election.


Olga Kurylenko

Olga Kurylenko (born 14 November 1979) is a Ukrainian-French actress and model. She started acting in 2005. She became famous by playing Bond girl Camille Montes in the movie "Quantum of Solace". She also played Julia in the 2013 movie "Oblivion". 

Kurylenko was born in Berdyansk, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union.

On 15 March 2020, Kurylenko announced she had tested positive for COVID-19.

Let's Wait Awhile

"Let's Wait Awhile" is a 1987 pop ballad by singer Janet Jackson. The song reached #2 in the United States and #3 in the United Kingdom. This song is about sexual abstinence.

The song received mostly positive reviews from the music critics. It was released in early 1987. It is from 1986 album Control.

Love Will Never Do (Without You)

"Love Will Never Do (Without You)" is a 1990 hit single from Janet Jackson. The song was Jackson's fifth #1 single on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was from her record "Rhythm Nation 1814". The song was released in October 1990.

The song reached #19 on the "Billboard" Year-End Hot 100 of 1991. It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.

Messier 81

Messier 81 (also known as NGC 3031 or Bode's Galaxy) is a spiral galaxy. It is in the constellation Ursa Major. It is large. It is about 12 million light-years from Earth. It has an active galactic nucleus (which has a supermassive black hole). For these reasons Messier 81 has been well studied by professional astronomers. The galaxy is large and very bright. This makes it a popular object for amateur astronomers to look at.

Messier 81 was discovered by Johann Elert Bode in 1774. The galaxy is sometimes called "Bode's Galaxy". In 1779, Pierre Méchain and Charles Messier reidentified Bode's object. They listed it as Messier 81 in the Messier Catalogue.

M81 is dusty. Interstellar dust is found in the galaxy's spiral arms. It is connected with star formation areas. The hot blue stars in star formation areas heat the dust and the hot dust emits infrared energy from these areas.

Only one supernova has been seen in Messier 81. The supernova is named SN 1993J. It was discovered on 28 March 1993 by F. Garcia in Spain. At the time, it was the second brightest supernova seen in the 20th century.

Messier 81 is the largest galaxy in the M81 Group. The M81 Group is a group of 34 galaxies in the constellation Ursa Major. This Group and the Local Group, containing the Milky Way, are close together in the Virgo Supercluster. 

Messier 81 is about 10° northwest of Alpha Ursae Majoris. Messier 81 and Messier 82 can both be easily seen using binoculars and small telescopes.



Come Back to Me (Janet Jackson song)

"Come Back to Me" is a 1990 ballad from singer Janet Jackson. The song is about trying to bring back a romance that ended a long time ago. The song hit #2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song was released on June 18, 1989 and is from Janet's 1989 studio album "Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814"

Sjöberg

Sjöberg is a locality in Sollentuna Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,310 people lived there.

Borrby

Borrby is a locality in Simrishamn Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 930 people lived there.

Housemaid debate

The housemaid debate or maid debate is a political discussion in Sweden. It begun on 18 July 1993 when Swedish economist Anne-Marie Pålsson proposed tax deductions for household services.

Many right-wing politicians supported the proposal. They thought it would reduce unreported employment. Many left-wing politicians expressed negative thoughts. They said it would increase social class gaps. The left-wing politicians pointed to the time before the 1970s, when many girls were employed to live-in and work for wealthier families. The discussion has later reappeared. Often, it has reappeared during elections in Sweden.

Tax deductions, so called RUT deductions for household services, were introducd in Sweden on 1 July 2007. That was during the centre-right Reinfeldt cabinet.

Brottby Concert

The Brottby Concert () was a Neo-Nazi rock concert. It was held at the Yesterday dancing venue in Brottby, Sweden on Saturday evening, 3 January 1998. Participating bands and audience came from several countries. Swedish police stroke against the concert. Several persons suspected for hate speech were arrested. Totally the police arrested circa 250 personer people. Participants from other countries, for example the USA said during the trial that they didn't knew doing a nazi salute was considered hate speech in Sweden. The concert and the following trials were brought major attention by Swedish newspapers.

Many bands appeared at the concert. Major attention was brought to, among others "Max Resist" and "Vit aggression". The police stroke as Vit aggression played. During their 2002 album "Keep Fighting", Max Resist also recorded the song "Battle of Brottby" with references to the Brottby Concert.

Grillby

Grillby is a locality in Enköping Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 972 people lived there.

The Story of Doctor Dolittle

The Story of Doctor Dolittle is a 1920 book about Doctor John Dolittle and his animals. This book is the first in a series of children's books by Hugh Lofting. "The Story of Doctor Dolittle" is about a doctor who can speak with the animals in their own languages. He starts treating animals instead of human patients.

The book is set in Victorian England. Dolittle lives in the English village of Puddleby-on-the-Marsh in the West Country. He has many friends, like Tommy Stubbins and Matthew Mugg, the Cats'-Meat Man. His house is filled with animals. He owns a parrot called Polynesia, a pig called Gub-Gub, a dog called Jip, a duck called Dab-Dab, a monkey called Chee-Chee, an owl called Too-Too, and a white mouse named "Whitey". He also owns a gazelle-unicorn cross called "pushmi-pullyu" ("push-me—pull-you") that has two heads, one at the back and one at the front of the body.
The doctor in this first book takes a ship to Africa to cure the animals there.

Planthopper

Planthoppers are insects in the infraorder Fulgoromorpha. They are true bugs (Hemiptera), with over 12,500 described species. 

They are cryptic mimics: their body shape and colours look like leaves and other plant parts in their environment. They either walk very slowly or hop like grasshoppers. 

Members of this group are plant-feeders, and live world-wide. Few are pests, but some are vectors for plant diseases. Phytoplasmas which live in the phloem of plants can be transmitted by planthoppers when feeding.

Their nymphs have a biological gear mechanism at the base of the hind legs, which keeps the legs in synchrony when the insects jump.

The planthopper is mentioned in a key scene from Alfred Hitchcock's film "Marnie":

Lynn Anderson

Lynn Anderson (September 26, 1947 – July 30, 2015) was an American country musician. She sang many hit songs in the 1970s and 1980s. She began in 1966 at age nineteen. Her first major hit was "If I Kiss You (Will You Go Away)". Other hit songs were "Promises, Promises", "Rose Garden" and "No Another Time".

Anderson was born in Grand Forks, North Dakota. She died on July 30, 2015 after suffering a heart attack at her Nashville, Tennessee home, aged 67.

Phytoplasma

Phytoplasmas are a type of parasitic bacteria. They are pathogens of economically important plants, including coconut, sugarcane, and sandalwood.

They are obligate parasites of plant phloem tissue. Their vectors are insects which inject then into the plant cells. They were discovered by scientists in 1967 and were named mycoplasma-like organisms or MLOs. They cannot be grown "in vitro" (in laboratory conditions), and that limits the information about them. They are described by the special term "Candidatus", reserved for such difficult organisms.

Sällskapet till belöning för trotjänare

Sällskapet till belöning av trotjänare is nonprofit organization in Sweden. It was established in 1828 It gives prizes and awards to domestic worker girls and women who have worked for at least 15 years for the same family in Stockholm County. The activite of the organization was brought attention on 4 March 1987 at SR P1.

The headquarters were in Saltsjö-Duvnäs. They were then relocated to Grillby.

In 1988 a newspaper announce about the organization holding annual meeting led to the making of the programme "Frida, en trotjänarinna". The initiative to the establishment of the organization was taken by Carl Löwenhielm.

Division of Perth

The Division of Perth is an Australian electoral division in Western Australia. It was one of the first 75 divisions set up for the first Australian election in 1901. It is named after Perth, the capital city of Western Australia.

It includes the suburbs of Ashfield, Bassendean, Bayswater, Bedford, Beechboro, East Perth, Eden Hill, Embleton, Highgate, Inglewood, Kiara, Lockridge, Maylands, Morley, Mount Lawley, Noranda, Northbridge, and parts of Coolbinia, Dianella, Menora, North Perth, Perth City, West Perth and Yokine.

Walter Nairn was Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives from 1940 to 1943. Tom Burke's son, Brian Burke, became Premier of Western Australia. Fred Chaney Snr. was Minister for the Navy in the Menzies and Holt governments. He was later appointed as Administrator of the Northern Territory. One of his sons, also named Fred Chaney, became a Member of Parliament. Joe Berinson served as Minister of the Environment in the Whitlam government. Ric Charlesworth was a hockey player, who played for Australia at five Olympic Games. Steven Smith served in the Rudd and Gillard governments as a minister, includuing Foreign Affairs, Trade, and Defence.


Det Kvindelige Velgørende Selskab

Det Kvindelige Velgørende Selskab was an organization in Denmark. It was established in 1815 when king Frederick VI of Denmark had been inspired while visiting the Congress of Vienna in Austria The organization was finally disestablished on 28 October 2004 after a meeting inside the Garnison Church in Copenhagen. Queen Marie of Denmark was appointed protector of the organization. That position was then held by someone from the Danish royal family. Queen Marie's birthday was always celebrated as an observance by the organization. They gave awards to domestic workers who had been in long-time service. Most other domestic workers used to leave by the age of 25-30 to form their own family. The organization also ran a school for housemaid girls. In 1828 they also opened Denmark's first daycare center.

The organization was disestablished as their activity had been outdated. However the housemaid girls at some places had been replaced by modern nanny girls.

When the organization was disestablished, Niels Gustav Bardenfleth published the book "For lang och tro tjeneste. Det Kvindelige Velgørende Selskab 1815-2004".

Bikont

A bikont ("two flagellae") is any eukaryotic organism in the group Bikonta. Many single-celled members of the group, and the presumed ancestor, have two flagella.

The TSAR supergroup is a group of Bikonts containing telonemia (T), stramenopiles (S), alveolata (A), and rhizaria (R).

The SAR supergroup is a group of Bikonts containing stramenopiles (S), alveolata (A), and rhizaria (R).

Another shared trait of bikonts is the fusion of two genes into a single unit. The genes for thymidylate synthase (TS) and dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR) code for a single 
protein with two functions. 

The genes are separately translated in unikonts.

Stockholm Town Housemaid School

The Stockholm Town Housemaid School () was a vocational school. It was started in 1938 at Scheelegatan 8 on the island of Kungsholmen in Stockholm, Sweden. The school educated housemaids. It was established during a shortage of housemaids, and the idea was well received. The students were graded. The classes where phtographed wearing housemaid uniforms.

Harald Norbelie has depicted the school in a chapter of the 1993 book "".

Kungsholmen

Kungsholmen is an island in the Lake Mälaren in Sweden. It is north of Riddarfjärden. The island is often included in the historical Swedish province of Uppland.

Ullared

Ullared is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 791 people lived there. The locality is wellknown for housing the department store of Gekås.

Pourya Fayazi

Pourya Fayazi Damnabi (, born 12 January 1993) is an Iranian volleyball player who plays for Shahrdari Urmia. He also plays for Iran men's national volleyball team. His debut game was against European champions Serbia at the FIVB Volleyball Men’s World Cup on November 22, 2011. 






Anne-Marie Pålsson

Anne-Marie Pålsson (born 23 April 1951) is a Swedish politician and economist. She was a member of the Swedish parliament for the Moderate Party between 2002 and 2010. She is also known for starting the Housemaid debate in July 1993.


Saman Faezi

Saman Faezi (born August 23, 1991 in Tehran) is an Iranian volleyball player. He is currently a member of club Paykan. He was named a member of Iran's National volleyball team to play in the 2014 World Championship in Poland.


Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me

Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me is a 1999 American comedy spy movie. It was directed by Jay Roach and was produced by Jan Blenkin, John S. Lyons, Eric McLeod, Demi Moore, and Mike Myers. "Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me" was released on June 11, 1999. The title of the movie is a play on the 1977 James Bond movie "The Spy Who Loved Me". It is the second movie in the "Austin Powers" series. It is the sequel to the 1997 movie "". A sequel was released in 2002 titled "Austin Powers in Goldmember".

The movie gained mixed reviews from critics and holds a 51% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie gained around US$310 million in worldwide ticket sales. The movie was nominated for an Academy Award in the category of Best Makeup at the 72nd Academy Awards but it lost to "Topsy-Turvy".

The setting is London, England. This is an action movie with comedy. Austin Powers (Mike Myers) is a British man trying to save the world from Dr. Evil (Mike Myers). He is a spy for the government but he finds it difficult to save the world from Dr. Evil.

Many characters use British English.


Air Berlin

Air Berlin was the second biggest airline in Germany. It was started in 1978. The first flight was in 1979. It became a low-cost carrier in 2002. It joined Oneworld in 2012. On 15 August 2017 Air Berlin stated it was filing for insolvency and on 9 October 2017 announced the end of its own operations by 28 October 2017. 

Gridlock'd

Gridlock'd is a 1997 American crime thriller comedy-drama movie set in Detroit. It was directed by Vondie Curtis-Hall and was produced by Damian Jones, Paul Webster, and Erica Huggins. "Gridlock'd" was released on January 31, 1997. The movie paid tribute to star Tupac Shakur, who was murdered four months before the release of the movie.

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 88% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Editor Janet Maslin of "The New York Times" praised Shakur's performance, saying: "He played this part with an appealing mix of presence, confidence and humor".


Clan McDuck

The Clan McDuck is a family of ducks in the Disney fictional universe, based on the style of Scottish families. The most famous member is Scrooge McDuck.

According to the timeline of Don Rosa, the clan has been known since 122 AD when a member yet unnamed clan sold the stone for the construction crew of Hadrian's Wall. The Clan 'Scrooge was originally called Clan MacDuich, but left the Gaelic spelling of the name in 1071 and became the Clan McDuck.

Donald, his sister Della Duck and his sons Huey, Dewey, and Louie are the descendants of the clan through their maternal lineage.

County Waterford

County Waterford () is a county of Ireland. County Waterford is in the province of Munster. It is named after its county town, Waterford. The population of County Waterford was 113,795 in 2011.

Edgar Froese

Edgar Willmar Froese (6 June 1944 – 20 January 2015) was a German artist and electronic music pioneer. He was best known for founding the electronic music group Tangerine Dream.

Froese died suddenly in Vienna on 20 January 2015 from pulmonary embolism, aged 70.

Pedro Lemebel

Pedro Segundo Mardones Lemebel (21 November 1952 – 23 January 2015) was an openly gay Chilean essayist, chronicler, and novelist. He was known for writing books about Chilean culture based on the mind of a homosexual. He was nominated for Chile's National Literature Prize in 2014. 

Lemebel died of cancer of the larynx on January 23, 2015, aged 62.

Family Channel (Canadian TV channel)

Family Channel is a Canadian English language television channel. It is Canada's most popular children's channel. Originally it was a joint venture between Allarcom Pay Television and the operators of First Choice (now The Movie Network). The network was most recently sold by Bell Media for $170 million. Family Jr

Boyer Brothers

Boyer Brothers, Inc., is a candy company in Altoona, Pennsylvania. The factory is located in the downtown district.

C. T. Vivian

Cordy Tindell "C. T." Vivian (July 30, 1924 – July 17, 2020) was an American minister and author. He was a close friend and lieutenant of Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. during the Civil Rights Movement. Vivian founded the C. T. Vivian Leadership Institute, Inc. Rev. Vivian was a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. 

On August 8, 2013, President Barack Obama named Rev. Vivian as a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

Vivian died on July 17, 2020 in Atlanta at the age of 95.


Garden City, Kansas

Garden City is a city in and the county seat of Finney County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 28,151.

Larry Hogan

Lawrence Joseph "Larry" Hogan, Jr. (born May 25, 1956) is an American politician. A Republican, he was the 62nd Governor of Maryland from 2015 to 2023. He was inaugurated on January 21, 2015.

On June 22, 2015, Hogan announced to the press that he has been diagnosed with an advanced and aggressive form of lymph node cancer.

Hogan won his re-election beating Democrat Benjamin Jealous.

Hogan is a very moderate Republican. Related to this, he enjoyed a very high approval rating and popularity rating from Marylanders, being one of the most popular US governors at the moment.

For the 2020 presidential election, Hogan wrote-in deceased and former President Ronald Reagan for president over incumbent Republican president Donald Trump.

Hogan was the son of former U.S. Representative Lawrence Hogan.


Daniel Schorr

Daniel Louis Schorr (August 31, 1916 – July 23, 2010) was an American journalist. He covered world news for more than 60 years. He was a Senior News Analyst for National Public Radio (NPR) before his death. Schorr won three Emmy Awards for his television journalism.


Division of Stirling

The Division of Stirling was an Australian electoral division in the inner northern and beachside suburbs of Perth, Western Australia. It includes Balcatta, Balga, Carine, Innaloo, Nollamara, North Beach, Scarborough, Stirling, Trigg and Yokine. It was set up in 1955, and named after Sir James Stirling, the first Governor of Western Australia. It was abolished in 2022.


New Riders of the Purple Sage

New Riders of the Purple Sage (NRPS) is an American country rock band formed in 1969. It grew out of jam sessions between Jerry Garcia and John "Marmaduke" Dawson. They soon became an opening act for the Grateful Dead. They branched out on their own by the early 1970s. The New Riders of the Purple Sage received a recording contract in 1971. They based their name on Foy Willing's earlier group, Riders of the Purple Sage adding "New" to their name.


Ricardo dos Santos

Ricardo "Ricardinho" dos Santos (23 May 1990 – 20 January 2015) was a Brazilian surfer. He reached the quarterfinals at the 2012 Billabong Pro event in Tahiti, defeating many people including Kelly Slater. After the event, he was presented with the Andy Irons award given to the most determined competitor. He also reached a career high Association of Surfing Professionals (ASP) QS ranking of 62 in 2011. He was sponsored by Australian surfing brand Billabong.

Ricardo dos Santos was born in Palhoça, Santa Catarina.

Ricardo dos Santos was shot dead by an off duty police officer on 20 January 2015 in São José, Santa Catarina, aged 24.

Ibn Saud

Abdulaziz ibn Saud (15 January 1876 – 9 November 1953), was the founder and first monarch of Saudi Arabia. He was usually known in the Arab world as Abdulaziz and known outside it as Ibn Saud.

He reconquered his family's ancestral home city of Riyadh in 1902. This started 30 years which made him the ruler of nearly all of central Arabia. He consolidated his control over the Najd in 1922, then conquered the Hijaz in 1925. He united his dominions into the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in 1932. As King, he presided over the discovery of petroleum in Saudi Arabia in 1938 and the beginning of large-scale oil production after World War II. He fathered many children, including 45 sons. He died of a heart attack. All the later kings of Saudi Arabia have been his children.

James Walker (television writer)

James Walker (1973 – 20 January 2015) was an Australian journalist and television writer, editor, and researcher. He was best known for his work television series "McLeod's Daughters", "Home and Away", "Wonderland", "Sam Fox", and "Neighbours".

Walker was born in Perth, Western Australia. He graduated from the Australian Film, Television and Radio School in Sydney, New South Wales. He was married and had two sons.

Walker died after falling into a diabetic coma on 20 January 2015, aged 41. His funeral took place on 24 January.

Kavum

Kavum (Konda Kavum) is a sweet food often eaten in Sri Lanka. It may also be known as 'oil cakes'. They are made on the Sinhalese New Year's Day and on other special, traditional occasions. The main ingredients are rice flour and treacle, which are fried together.

Mullsjö Secondary School

The Mullsjö Secondary School () was a secondary school in Mullsjö, Sweden. It was opened for the 1997-1998 school year. The last years the school acted as a boarding school for young floorball players.

The school also won the Boys' Floorball World Championship in the years of 2007, 2009 and 2011.

On 26 October 2010 the Mullsjö Municipal Council voted to close down the school after the 2010-2011 school year.

Sanda Secondary School

The Sanda Secondary School () is a secondary school in Huskvarna in Sweden. It was opened for the 1970-1971 school year. Since 1979 the school has a sports profile. Originally, it only had the sports of basketball and cross-country skiing. More sports were later added, for example ice hockey (starting in the 1995-1996 season/school year). In the 2005-2006 season/school year, the school won the Swedish Boys' Floorball Championship for boys born 1987.

Per Brahe Secondary School

The Per Brahe Secondary School () is a secondary school in Jönköping in Sweden. It has traditions dated back to the 17th century. The current building was opened on 18 October 1913.

Since 2007, the school has UN certification.


Erik Dahlberg Secondary School

The Erik Dahlberg Secondary School () is a secondary school in Jönköping in Sweden. For many years the school focused in technical education. The school was opened in 1949 as the Jönköping Technical Secondary School (). The current name was adopted from the 1966-1967 school year. The current buildings were completed, step by step, between 1961 and 1994.


Winch

A winch is a mechanical device that is used to adjust how tight a piece of rope is. It can also be used to pull something. The rope can be made of natural fibre, but when heavy loads need to be handled, special ropes made of iron or plastic are frequently used.

Sertraline

Sertraline (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant. It was introduced by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is mainly prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients. It is also prescribed for obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the third-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37 million prescriptions.

Ruislip

Ruislip is a town on the northwest side of Greater London. It was in Middlesex until that county was abolished in 1965. It owes its present population to the Metropolitan Railway, built early in the 20th century. After that was built many Londoners moved out to places along the line.

Ruislip is now served by five stations on the London Underground network. These are:

Ruislip Lido is well known in the area. It has a small railway line that runs between two stations around the lake as well as a small beach that hosts some children's play equipment.

Jerry Garcia

Jerome John Garcia (August 1, 1942 – August 9, 1995) was an American guitarist and singer. He is best known as the founder and longtime lead guitarist (1965-1995) of the band the Grateful Dead. Garcia was seen as an icon of the Hippie counterculture of the 1960s. He was considered an almost mythic hero to his fans, called deadheads. Garcia was an innovator who was constantly experimenting with sound. He was one of the most recorded guitar players of all time.

Jerry Garcia was born August 1, 1942, in San Francisco, California. His father was Jose Ramon Garcia, a Spanish immigrant. His mother, Ruth Marie Clifford, named him after her favorite composer, Jerome Kern. His father was a jazz musician who bought a bar. As a child Garcia took piano lessons. When he was four he lost part of a finger chopping wood. A year later his father drowned. When his mother took over the bar, Garcia went to live with his grandparents. They introduced him to the Grand Ole Opry. This along with his brother's collection of Chuck Berry records gave him an interest in country music. In 1953 his mother remarried and Garcia moved back with her. Garcia attended several different schools in and around San Francisco. But he had little interest in school until 1957 when he attended the California School of Fine Arts (now the San Francisco Art Institute). At age 15 his mother gave him a guitar. In high school he played in several bands. At age 17 he quit school. He joined the Army in 1960 but was given a general discharge a few months later.

Garcia returned to San Francisco. He spent time teaching acoustic guitar and playing bluegrass music. He met up with poet Robert Hunter. Together they started playing in the city's coffeehouses. Hunter later became the lyricist for the Grateful Dead and Garcia's lifelong songwriting partner. Garcia started becoming famous around San Francisco between 1962 and 1964. He was known for his Folk and bluegrass performances. Garcia tried a new drug LSD for the first time in 1964. From that time on he became a lifelong advocate of psychedelic drugs. Musically he began experimenting outside the basic folk music formula and trying out new styles of music. This included jug band, Mother McCree's Uptown Jug Champions. A year later they changed their name to the "Warlocks". 
The Warlocks soon became the Grateful Dead. Garcia found the name in a dictionary. While Garcia was the frontman, the band always operated as a leaderless democracy. Garcia continued to experiment musically. He became known for his extended guitar improvisations. He also worked on numerous side projects and frequently sat in with other groups. Jefferson Airplane, in their 1967 album "Surrealistic Pillow", credited him as the group's "spiritual adviser". In 1969, he and John "Marmaduke" Dawson founded the country rock band New Riders of the Purple Sage. The New Riders, or NRPS, became the opening act for the Grateful Dead. At this time Garcia was experimenting with the pedal steel guitar for both NRPS and the Dead.

For the next few years Garcia and the Dead built their reputation based on their live shows. He was a guest performer with other groups. By 1970 the Dead began moving back to their bluegrass, folk and country roots. Garcia began doing solo recordings often accompanied by keyboardist Merl Saunders. In 1973 Garcia was a founding member of the bluegrass supergroup Old and in the Way. Garcia formed the rock band Legion of Mary (band) in 1974. In 1975 he founded the Jerry Garcia Band. It became his most important side project until his death.

By 1974 the Grateful Dead members began to go their own ways. Garcia continued making solo albums and appearances. The Dead began touring again in 1976. By the early 1980s Garcia was heavily addicted to drugs. In 1985 Garcia was arrested and sent to a drug treatment center. In 1986, while on tour with Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and Bob Dylan, Garcia collapsed. He went into a diabetic coma and was hospitalized. Garcia returned to touring with the Dead. In 1987 the Grateful Dead had their first Top-10 hit, "Touch of Grey".

On August 9, 1995, after years of health problems and drug abuse, Jerry Garcia died of heart failure. He was 53 years old. He had checked into a drug treatment center and his body was found during an early morning bed check.


Mullsjö Pentecostal Church

The Mullsjö Pentecostal Church () is a church building in Mullsjö, Sweden. It belongs to the Swedish Pentecostal Movement. The current building was opened in 1964. It was rebuilt to its current look in 1984.


Mullsjö AIS

Mullsjö AIS is a floorball club in Mullsjö in Sweden. It was established on 1 November 1989 by a group from the Mullsjö Mission Covenant Church. On 2 March 2008, the men's team qualified for the Swedish top division.


Mullsjö Folk High School

The Mullsjö Folk High School () is a folk high school in Mullsjö in Sweden. The school was established in 1949 in Jönköping. In 1950 it was moved over to Mullsjö. The school is ran by a foundation consisting of the Swedish Alliance Mission, its youth association and "Mullsjö folkhögskolas Kamratförbund".


Jönköpings IK

Jönköpings IK is a floorball club in Jönköping, Sweden. it was established on 9 March 1985 after a merger of the SMU Immanuel Church and the Munksjö School teams. The men's team has played several seasons in the Swedish top division. The men's team lost the Swedish national finals in the years of 1986, 1988 and 1990. Also, the men's team earned the national championship bronze medals in the years of 1987, 1989 and 1991.


Storvreta

Storvreta is a locality in Uppsala Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 6,347 people lived there.

Thanin Kraivichien

Thanin Kraivichien (born April 5, 1927 in Bangkok, , ; first name also spelled "Tanin", last name "Kraivixien" or "Kraivichian") is a Thai lawyer and politician. He was the 14th prime minister of Thailand between 1976 and 1977.

Bill Sykes (chaplain)

Revd William ("Bill") George David Sykes MA (1939 – 17 January 2015) was an English college fellow, chaplain, and book author. Sykes was born in Yorkshire, England.

Sykes wrote books and reflective thoughts on religious ideas, most notably "Visions of Faith: An Anthology of Reflections". His portrait was painted by the artist Daphne Todd.

Sykes died on 17 January 2015 at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford, England, aged 75.


Joan Hinde

Joan Hinde (21 October 1933 - 22 January 2015) was a British trumpeter and entertainer. She was known for performing with Ken Dodd. For her entire career, she remained a radio, theatre and cabaret artiste, and never broke into the medium of television. In 2002 she made her first television appearance in many years on LWT's "Another Audience with Ken Dodd". She retired in 2012.

KFUM Jönköping

KFUM Jönköping is an YMCA association in Jönköping in Sweden. It was established in 1855. By the late 1980s and early 1990s the volleyboll team experienced a successful period. At that time, club club played in Elitserien at both the men's and women's sides.


Prosper Ego

Prosper Joannes Gerardus Antonius Ego (17 July 1927 – 23 January 2015) was a Dutch activist and writer. He was the founder of the Oud-Strijders Legioen (“Former Warriors Legion”). Ego was born in The Hague.

Ego died in Breda, aged 87.


Nol Heijerman

Nol Heijerman (10 October 1940 – 23 January 2015) was a Dutch footballer.

Heijerman played for HVC and Xerxes, with whom he won promotion to the Eredivisie in 1966 and where he played alongside Ab Fafié, Willem van Hanegem, Rob Jacobs and Eddy Treijtel. He made his debut for Xerxes on 25 August 1963 in a 2-2 Tweede Divisie draw with FC Wageningen.

Johan Ferner

Johan Martin Ferner (né "Johan Martin Jacobsen"; 22 July 1927 – 24 January 2015) was a Norwegian sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the "6 metre class" with the boat "Elisabeth X" at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, together with Finn Ferner (his brother), Erik Heiberg, Tor Arneberg and Carl Mortensen. He was married to Princess Astrid, the sister of King Harald V of Norway. He was also the brother-in-law of Princess Ragnhild.

Kåre Willoch

Kåre Isaachsen Willoch (; 3 October 1928 – 6 December 2021) was a Norwegian politician from the Conservative Party. He served as Minister of Trade and Shipping in 1963 and 1965–1970, and as Prime Minister of Norway from 1981 to 1986. Willoch was Chairman of the Conservative Party 1970–1974. He was a member of the Norwegian Parliament from 1957 to 1989. He was also Director of the Nansen Institute.

Willoch died in his home in Oslo, on 6 December 2021, at the age of 93.


Odvar Nordli

Nordli died in Oslo on 9 January 2018 of prostate cancer at the age of 90.


Candy (Mandy Moore song)

"Candy" is a 1999 pop ballad by musician Mandy Moore. The song has a melody and tune similar to Robyn's "Do You Know (What it Takes). The song was the lead single of Mandy's first record "So Real".

The song was released in August 1999.

So Real

So Real is a 1999 pop album from pop singer Mandy Moore. This album has the singles "Candy", "Walk Me Home" and the title track. This album went platinum within three months. It was her first album.

The song "Candy" talks about Moore's feelings and that she misses and craves her love "like candy". The album was released in December 1999.

Sävsjö HK

Sävsjö HK is a handball club in Sävsjö in Sweden. The club was established on 1 August 1978. The women's team won six Swedish national championship gold meals in a row between the 1993-1994 and the 1998-1999 seasons. During the 2002/2003 season the women's team was relegated from Elitserien.


I Wanna Be with You (album)

I Wanna Be with You is a 2000 studio album from musician Mandy Moore. The album contains several new songs and a few remixes from her first album. "I Wanna Be with You" sold over 805,000 copies in the United States.

The album's title song was Moore's only Top 40 song.

Amanda Leigh

Amanda Leigh is a 2009 pop record from musician Mandy Moore. The album has eleven songs and five bonus tracks. Songs on the album include "Merrimack River", "Fern Dell" and "Love to Love Me Back".

At "Metacritic" the album received a score of 70. That means "generally favorable reviews".

"Entertainment Weekly" gave the album a B+. They said that it was "much more fun" than "Wild Hope". They liked the songs "Merrimack River", "Pocket Philosopher", and "Song About Home." The album was at the top of the website's Must List the week it was released.

Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic wrote the album is a "clean, classy collection of AAA pop."

IGN wrote, "With "Amanda Leigh", Moore has succeeded in crafting a personal record that is entertaining, even compelling at times, but isn't weighed down by heavy themes, misguided irony, or complex arrangements."

Annedal Church

The Annedal Church () is a church building in Annedal in Gothenburg in Sweden. It belongs to the Gothenburg Annedal Parish of the Church of Sweden. Construction begun in 1908. The church was opened on Thanksgiving Day, 25 September 1910 by bishop Edvard Herman Rodhe.

Nyhem Week

The Nyhem Week () is a major annual conference by the Swedish Pentecostal Movement. It occurs during the Midsummer week every year. The conference is held in Nyhem in Mullsjö Municipality in Sweden. It was first held in 1917. Host is the Mullsjö-Nyhem Pentecostal Congregation.

Up to 2008 the conference were held inside a large tent. From 2009 the conference is instead held inside Nyhemshallen.

Lapland Week

The Lapland Week () is a major annual conference. It is held by the Swedish Pentecostal Movement. It occurs in June-July every year in Husbondliden in Lycksele Municipality in Sweden. It was first held in 1919 as a Bible studies week.

The event is one of the larger Christian festivals in northern Sweden.


KFUM Nässjö

KFUM Nässjö is an YMCA association in Nässjö in Sweden. The club has played in the men's Swedish top division. The club was established in 1939.


Brahe Basket

Brahe Basket is a basketball club in Huskvarna in Sweden. The club was established in 1976. The club has played in the Swedish top division on both the men's and the women's sides. The women's team lost the Swedish national championship playoff finals in the season of 2003-2004. They lost to the Solna Vikings.


Stockholm Eagles

The Stockholm Eagles is a basketball club in Stockholm in Sweden. The club was established in December 2007. In 2012 the club qualified for the Swedish men's top division. After the 2012-2013 season the club was no longer allowed to play in the Swedish top division. The reason was that the club had failed to live up to the economic demands.


Julio Canessa

Lieutenant General Julio Canessa Roberts (19 March 1925 – 24 January 2015) was a Chilean military and political figure. He was a member of the Government Junta that ruled Chile from 1973 to 1990, representing the Army. He was also a designated Senator between 1998 and 2006.

Barrie Ingham

Barrie Ingham (10 February 1932 – 23 January 2015) was an English actor. He was known for his role as Alydon in "Dr. Who and the Daleks", as St. Clair in "The Day of the Jackal" and as the voice of Basil Bartholomew in the Disney animated movie "The Great Mouse Detective". Ingham was born in Halifax, West Riding of Yorkshire England.

Ingham died, two weeks before his 83rd birthday, in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, aged 82.

Piet van der Sanden

Petrus Joannes Antonius "Piet" van der Sanden (11 November 1924 – 18 January 2015) was a Dutch politician and journalist. He was a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands between 1971 and 1972 and again from 1973 to 1989 for the Catholic People's Party and later the Christian Democratic Appeal. He also served a stint as member of the European Parliament between 1973 and 1974.

Piet van der Sanden was born in Gouda, South Holland. He died on 18 January 2015 in The Hague, South Holland, aged 90.


Venette

Venette is a village in Picardie, in the northern part of France. There are about 2,700 people living there. It is next to Compiègne. 

The village has a long history going back to the 14th century.

Compiègne

Compiègne is a commune in the Oise department, in Picardy. It is also one of its sub-prefectures. The history of the city goes back to Roman times. In those times, there was a river crossing of the Oise River. The river was called Isara at the time. On the outskirts of the modern city, roman houses (villae) were found. Today, about 40.000 people live in the city and about 97.000 in its urban area.

Sandslåns SK

Sandslåns SK is a now non-active sports club in Sandslån in Sweden. The club was established in 1927. It was known as the "bandy pride of Ångermanland". The club was also nicknamed "Timmerkusarna". In 1950 the bandy team reached the Norrland Championship final. They lost the final to Haparandapojkarna. The bandy team played its home games at Flottarvallen.

The bandy team played in the Swedish top division in the seasons of 1961 and 1975-1976. In the 1977-1978 season Anders Wedin when playing for the club became the Swedish second division topscorer.

The club has even played once in the World Cup.

The soccer team played in the Swedish third division in 1962.

In 1949 the junior soccer team won the district championship.

For a short time during the early 1950s the club even ran ice hockey activity.

Accipitriformes

Accipitriformes is an order which includes most of the diurnal birds of prey: hawks, eagles, vultures, and many others, about 225 species in all. 

For a long time, the majority view was to include them with the falcons in the Falconiformes. However, a recent DNA study has shown that falcons are not closely related to the Accipitriformes. Instead, they are related to parrots and passerines.

Since then putting the falcons next to the parrots in taxonomic order has been adopted by most ornithologists. The DNA-based proposal includes the New World vultures in the Accipitriformes, but the American Ornithologists' Union (AOU) classifies the New World vultures as a separate order, the Cathartiformes. 

Mullsjö Mission Covenant Church

The Mullsjö Mission Covenant Church () is a church building in Mullsjö in Sweden. It belongs to both the Uniting Church in Sweden and the Swedish Alliance Mission. The current building was opened in 1992. It replaced an older building which had been there since 1922.


Harrier

Harriers are species of diurnal hawks. They are birds of prey. Harriers usually hunt by flying low over open ground, feeding on small mammals, reptiles, or birds. The young of the species are sometimes referred to as ring-tail harriers.

Most harriers are placed in the genus "Circus". This scientific name comes from the circling movements the birds make when courting.

Two other harriers are in the genus "Polyboroides", the "harrier-hawks", which are allopatric (geographically separated) and restricted to the Afrotropic ecozone. The remaining single species forms the genus "Geranospiza".

"Ring-tail" is an informal term used by birders for the juveniles and females of several harrier species. If seen in the field the exact species usually cannot be known. Ring-tail harriers include the juveniles and females of Montagu's harrier ("Circus pygargus"); Northern or hen harrier ("Circus cyaneus"); and pallid harrier ("Circus macrourus").


Gustaf Adolf Church

The Gustaf Adolf Church () is a church building in the Gustav Adolf Park at Östermalm in Stockholm in Sweden. The church belongs to the Oscar Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was inaugurated on 6 November 1892 by bishop Gottfrid Billing.

Hjorthagen Church

The Hjorthagen Church () is a church building at Dianavägen at Hjorthagen in Stockholm in Sweden. It belongs to the Engelbrekt Parish of the Church of Sweden. Construction began in 1907. The church was inaugurated on 25 March 1909 by archbishop Johan August Ekman.

Kungsholmen Church

The Kungsholmen Church () or the Ulrika Eleonora Church () is a church building at Bergsgatan on the island of Kungsholmen in Stockholm in Sweden. The church belongs to the Västermalm Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was inaugurated on 2 December 1688 (Old Style).

Saint Nicholas Church, Örebro

The Saint Nicholas Church () or the Nicholas Church () is a church building in central Örebro, Sweden. It was originally called the Örebro Church () because it was the only Church of Sweden church building in town until the early 20th century. It belongs to the Örebro Nicholas Parish of the Church of Sweden. Construction began in the late 13th century. The church is supposed to have been completed by the mid 14th century.

Timrå Church

The Timrå Church () is a church building in Östrand in Timrå in Sweden. It belongs to the Timrå Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was inaugurated on 16 October 1796.

Stöde Church

The Stöde Church () is a church building in Stöde in Sweden. It belongs to the Stöde Parish of the Church of Sweden. Construction begun in 1757. The church was completed in 1759.

Njurunda Church

The Njurunda Church () is a church building in Njurundabommen in Sweden. It belongs to the Njurunda Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was opened on 13 April 1865 by bishop Anders Fredrik Beckman.

Malung Church

The Malung Church () is a church building in Malung, Sweden. Belonging to the Malung Parish of the Church of Sweden, it is supposed to have been built in 1365.

Web resource

A web resource is anything that can be obtained from the World Wide Web. Some examples are web pages, e-mail, information from databases, and web services. Web resources have changed since the Internet was first created. The early concept was of static (non moving) files or documents. The meaning of the term now has a wider use to include nearly everything that can be obtained via the Internet. Uniform resource locators or URLs, are used to identify a resource on the web.

Hälleforsnäs IF

Hälleforsnäs IF is a sports club in Hälleforsnäs in Sweden. The club was once known for its bandy successes. Now the club now plays floorball and soccer. The club was established in 1925. The club and played 21 seasons in the Swedish men's bandy top division. The men's bandy team reached the semifinals during the season of 1978-1979. They lost the semifinal game series to Brobergs IF.

On 30 August 2005 it was announced that the bandy activity would be disestablished.


Lesjöfors IF

Lesjöfors IF is a sports club in Lesjöfors in Sweden. The club was established in 1924 as a soccer and Nordic skiing club. It adopted the game of bandy by the late 1920s. The men's bandy team played 21 seasons in the Swedish bandy top division.


Radio Hall of Fame

The National Radio Hall of Fame is a museum dedicated to those who have helped he development of the radio medium throughout its history in the United States. The Hall of Fame is housed in a wing of the Museum of Broadcast Communications building in Chicago, Illinois.

Honor killing

An honor killing is a member of a family being killed by other members, because of the killers feeling that the victim has brought shame on the family. Reasons a woman could be targeted include refusing to enter an arranged marriage, having sex outside marriage, and being a victim of rape. Honor killings are associated with the Middle East and South Asia. They also happen in countries that have immigrants from those places. Murder is not the only honor crime. Acid attacks and beating are also done for the same reasons as honor killings. Victims of honor killings are mostly young women.

Order of the White Eagle (Poland)

The Order of the White Eagle () is Poland's highest decoration awarded to both civilians and the military for their service. It was officially created on 1 November 1705 by Augustus II the Strong. It was given to eight of his closest, diplomatic and political supporters.

It is awarded to the most respected Poles and the highest-ranking representatives of foreign countries. The Order of the White Eagle is attached to a blue ribbon hung over the left shoulder to the right side. The star of the Order, once sown, is worn on the left side of the chest. 

Obstetric fistula

An obstetric fistula is an unwanted hole in a woman's body that was caused by having a baby. It can happen when having the baby is difficult, especially if the mother does not receive good medical care. The hole can go from the vagina to the bladder or from the vagina to the bowel. A surgeon can fix the hole with surgery.

Jensen Ackles

Jensen Ross Ackles (born March 1, 1978) is an American television actor. He is best known for his role as Dean Winchester in the television series "Supernatural" (2005–present). He has also appeared in other television shows such as "Days of Our Lives", "Dark Angel" and "Smallville".
Ackles was born in Dallas, Texas. He is the son of Alan Ackles, also an actor. He has been married to Danneel Harris since 2010. The couple have three children.

Ice Ice Baby

"Ice Ice Baby" is a hip hop single performed by Vanilla Ice. It samples the 1981 song "Under Pressure" by Queen and David Bowie. It appeared on his 1989 studio album "Hooked". It later appeared on his other album "To the Extreme".

"Ice Ice Baby" was first released as the B-side to a cover version of "Play That Funky Music". The original version of "Play That Funky Music" was a well-liked and popular song with the listening audiences. The cover version was not liked much, so the single was not selling well. But a disc jockey decided to play "Ice Ice Baby" instead of the single's A-side. Once the public heard this song, it became more successful than "Play That Funky Music".

The song hit #1 on "Billboard" Hot 100.

Two Wives

Two Wives is a Philippine television drama series. It is broadcast by ABS-CBN.


Pro tempore

Pro tempore (abbreviated pro tem or p.t.) is a Latin phrase which means "for the time being" in English. This phrase is often used to describe a person who temporarily acts in place of an elected or appointed official. Should the official, a mayor for example, be absent or unavailable for any reason, the pro tempore becomes the acting official (acting mayor in this case). The president pro tempore of the United States Senate has been elected by the Senate since it began 1789. In academic use a professor pro tempore is usually a temporary position. In legal use a judge pro tempore is often an attorney who has been temporarily appointed by a judge. It is also found as a phrase in many kinds of documents to simply mean "for the time being."

Restriction enzyme

A restriction enzyme is an enzyme that cuts DNA at particular places. It works at or near specific recognition nucleotide sequences known as "restriction sites". To cut DNA, all restriction enzymes make two incisions, once through each strand of the DNA double helix.

These enzymes are found in bacteria and archaea and defend them against invading viruses, which are bacteriophages.

Inside a prokaryote, the restriction enzymes selectively cut up "foreign" DNA in a process called "restriction". The host DNA is protected by another enzyme which protects the host DNA and blocks cleavage. Together, these two processes are the restriction modification system. It is the earliest and simplest immune system. They are also a kind of selfish, mobile genetic element.

Over 3000 restriction enzymes have been studied in detail, and more than 600 of these are available commercially. These enzymes are routinely used for DNA modification in laboratories, and are a vital tool in molecular cloning.

Restriction enzymes probably evolved from a common ancestor and became widespread by horizontal gene transfer. In addition, there is growing evidence that restriction endonucleases evolved as a selfish genetic element.


Population control in Singapore

Population control in Singapore had two distinct phases. First, to slow and reverse the boom in births that started after World War II. Second, from the 1980s, to encourage parents to have more children because numbers had fallen below replacement levels.

In the 1960s and 1970s, The Family Planning and Population Board (FPPB) was set up. At first it favoured small families, and later ran the Stop at Two programme. This pushed for small two-children families and promoted sterilisation.

As birthrates fell, so the government introduced a policy that encouraged having three or more children.


Selfish DNA

Selfish DNA is a term for sequences of DNA that have two properties: 

In his 1976 book, "The Selfish Gene", Richard Dawkins suggested the idea of selfish DNA when the noncoding DNA in eukaryotic genomes was discovered. In 1980, two articles in the journal "Nature" expanded and discussed the concept. According to one of these articles:

Normal genetically functional DNA might be seen as "replicating entities" that effect their replication by manipulating the cell that they control. In contrast, units of selfish DNA may exploit existing mechanisms in the cell, and multiply without affecting the fitness of the organism in other respects.

There is no sharp boundary between the concepts of selfish DNA and genetically functional DNA. Often it also is difficult to see if a unit of noncoding DNA is functionally important or not; or if important, in what way. What is more, it is not always easy to distinguish between some instances of selfish DNA and some types of viruses.

The idea that some genetic elements might not be useful to the organism is not a new one. In 1928, a Russian geneticist reported an X chromosome in "Drosophila obscura". He claimed that the resulting female-biased sex ratio might drive a population extinct.

In 1941 it was first suggested that there might be a conflict between normal inherited nuclear genes from both parents and mitochondrial genes from one parent (the female). It could lead to cytoplasmic male sterility in plants.

Around the same time, several other examples of selfish genetic elements were reported. For example, a maize geneticist described how chromosomal knobs led to female meiotic drive in maize. Meiotic drive is when one copy of a gene is passed on to offspring more than the expected 50% of the time.

The Swedish botanist and cytogeneticist Gunnar Östergren in 1945 noted how chromosomes may spread in a population because of their own ”parasitic” nature. Discussing B chromosomes in plants he wrote: ”In many cases these chromosomes have no useful function at all to the species carrying them, but that they often lead an exclusively parasitic existence … [B chromosomes] need not be useful for the plants. They need only be useful to themselves.” - Gunnar Östergren.

Then, in the early 1950s, Barbara McClintock published a series of papers describing the existence of "transposable elements". These are among the most successful selfish genetic elements. The discovery of transposable elements led to her being awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine or Physiology in 1983.

Jack Stewart (ice hockey)

John Sherratt "Black Jack" Stewart (May 6, 1917 – May 25, 1983) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played for the Detroit Red Wings and the Chicago Blackhawks. He is in the Hockey Hall of Fame.

Mullsjö, Nordmaling Municipality

Mullsjö is a minor locality in Nordmaling Municipality, Sweden. In 2010, 76 people lived there.

Bruksvallsloppet

Bruksvallsloppet is an international cross-country skiing event, held in Bruksvallarna, Sweden over a Friday-Sunday in November every year. The event acts as FIS World Cup preselection. The competitions are international. During some seasons the event is the final before the World Cup opens. During other seasons, the event instead occurs between World Cupe events. This depends on if the FIS World Cup starts by late October, or if it begins by mid-late November.

In Sweden, the event is generally considered the first major competition of the season.


Olsfors

Olsfors is a locality in Bollebygd Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 623 people lived there.

Orrefors

Orrefors is a locality in Nybro Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 719 people lived there 2010. The Orrefors glassworks are located there.

Blomstermåla

Blomstermåla is a locality in Mönsterås Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,527 people lived there.

Kode

Kode is a locality in Kungälv Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,380 people lived there.

100 Things to Do Before High School

100 Things to Do Before High School is an American sitcom airs on Nickelodeon. The series premiered November 11, 2014. It is created by Scott Fellows who also created "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide" and "Big Time Rush". It stars Isabela Moner, Jaheem Toombs and Owen Joyner.



Marco Minghetti

Marco Minghetti (November 18, 1818 - December 10, 1886) was an Italian economist and statesman.

Minghetti was born at Bologna into a family of rich landowners. In March 1848 Pope Pius IX offered to him the post of minister in the first constitutional government of the Papal States. However, on 29 April 1848, after the speech with which Pius IX announced the withdrawal of the papal army from the front of the first italian war of independence, Minghetti resigned.

Member of the "Historical Right", he was Minister of the Interior in the governments led by Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour and Bettino Ricasoli. He was also Minister of the Treasury in the government led by Luigi Carlo Farini. He was twice Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Italy: from 24 March 1863 to 28 September 1864 and from 10 July 1873 to 25 March 1876. 

In 1864 Minghetti signed the "Convention of September" with France: with this document, Italy renounced in Rome and moved the capital from Turin to Florence. There were many protests against this agreement and consequently Minghetti was forced to resign. During his second experience as President, Minghetti raised taxes to achieve a balanced budget. He was able to accomplish this, but there were protests against his tax policy and was forced to resign for the second time. 

Minghetti was the last president of the "Historic Right": after him began the period of the "Historical Left", that remained in power until Francesco Crispi.

He died in Rome.

Roots Hall

Roots Hall is where Southend United play their home matches. It is near Southend Hospital and Southend High School for Boys (SHSB). It has one of the largest attendance in League 1.

Alexis Tsipras

Alexis Tsipras (, ; born 28 July 1974) is a Greek politician. He served as the Leader of the Opposition from 2019 to 2023. He has been a member of Syriza since 2013. He was Prime Minister of Greece from 2015 to 2019.

Tsipras is a member of the Syriza party, and is a democratic socialist. A major issue of his term has been dealing with the Greek debt crisis.

Salman of Saudi Arabia

Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud born 31 December 1935) is the King of Saudi Arabia, Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques since 2015. He had been Minister of Defence since 2011, and was Governor of Riyadh Province from 1963 to 2011. 

Salman became king on 23 January 2015 following the death of his half brother, King Abdullah. As a Sudairi Seven, his full brothers include king Fahd, and the crown princes Sultan and Nayef.

Chuck Locke

Charles Edward Locke (May 5, 1932 - January 9, 2015) was an American professional baseball player. Locke was a right-handed pitcher. He only played for the Baltimore Orioles in 1955. He was born in Malden, Missouri.

Locke died in Poplar Bluff, Missouri, aged 82.


Andrew Benson

Andrew Alm Benson (September 24, 1917 – January 16, 2015) was an American biologist and a professor of biology at the University of California, San Diego until his retirement in 1989. He was known for his work in understanding the carbon cycle in plants.

Dacia Valent

Dacia Soraya Valent (12 February 1963 - 22 January 2015) was a Somali-born Italian politician. She was a Member of the European Parliament from 1989 through 1994. She was born in Mogadishu, Somalia.

Valent died in Rome, Italy from a heart attack, aged 51.


Nick Koback

Nicholas Nicholie "Nick" Koback (July 19, 1935 – January 23, 2015) was a Polish-American professional baseball player. His career spanned eight seasons, three of which were spent with the Major League Baseball (MLB) Pittsburgh Pirates from 1953 through 1955.

Koback died January 23, 2015 in Hartford, Connecticut, aged 79.

Link Byfield

Eric Linkord "Link" Byfield (December 5, 1951 – January 24, 2015) was a Canadian news columnist, author and politician. Byfield was editor and publisher for the "Alberta Report" magazine for eighteen years. Byfield helped found the Wildrose Party of Alberta in 2007. Byfield founded the Citizens Centre for Freedom and Democracy.

On January 24, 2015, Byfield died of liver and esophageal cancer, aged 63, in the Sturgeon Community Hospital in St. Albert, Alberta.

Demis Roussos

Artemios "Demis" Ventouris Roussos (, 15 June 1946 – 25 January 2015) was an Egyptian-born Greek singer and performer. He had international hit records as a solo performer in the 1970s after having been a member of Aphrodite's Child.

He sold over 60 million albums worldwide and became "an unlikely kaftan-wearing sex symbol".

Roussos died in Athens, Greece, aged 68.


Bill Monbouquette

William Charles Monbouquette (August 11, 1936 – January 25, 2015) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Boston Red Sox (1958–1965), Detroit Tigers (1966–1967), New York Yankees (1967–1968), and the San Francisco Giants (1968). He was born in Medford, Massachusetts.

Monbouquette died on January 25, 2015 in Gloucester, Massachusetts, aged 78.

Medford, Massachusetts

Medford is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, in the United States, on the Mystic River. It is five miles northwest of downtown Boston. In the 2020 U.S. Census, Medford's population was 59,659. It is the home of Tufts University.

Malden, Missouri

Malden is a city in the northeast corner of Dunklin County, Missouri, United States. It is located near the intersection of Missouri Route 25 and U.S. Route 62. The population was 3,706 at the 2020 census.

Lee Spick

Lee Spick (April 25, 1980 - January 26, 2015) was an English professional snooker player. A former English under-15 champion, he reached the last 48 of ranking events on five occasions, including twice in the World Championship. Spick was born in Mansfield, England.

Spick on 26 January 2015 from liver disease, aged 34.

R. K. Laxman

Rasipuram Krishnaswamy Laxman (24 October 1921 – 26 January 2015) was an Indian cartoonist, writer, illustrator, and humorist. He was best known for his creation "The Common Man". It was for his daily cartoon strip, "You Said It" in "The Times of India". It started in 1951.

Laxman died from multiple organ failure caused by a urinary tract infection in Pune, Maharashtra, India, aged 93.


Tom Uren

Thomas "Tom" Uren (28 May 1921 – 26 January 2015) was an Australian politician and boxer. He was Deputy Leader of the Australian Labor Party. He helped create the heritage and conservation movement in Australia. Uren was a member of the House of Representatives for Reid serving from 1955 through 1990.

Paul Crouch

Paul Franklin Crouch (March 30, 1934 – November 30, 2013) was an American Christian broadcaster. Crouch, along with his wife Jan, and televangelist Jim Bakker and Tammy Faye Bakker, founded the Trinity Broadcasting Network in 1973 (TBN) along with his wife Jan Crouch. Crouch was born in St. Joseph, Missouri.

Crouch died in Orange, California from heart disease, aged 79.


Orange, California

Orange is a city in Orange County, California. It is 3 miles north from Santa Ana, California. The population was 139,911 as of 2020.

UY Scuti

UY Scuti is a red supergiant (RSG) or red hypergiant star. It is a pulsating variable star in the constellation Scutum and one of the largest known stars in the Milky Way Galaxy. It is also one of the most luminous and well-known of its kind. 
The star has an estimated average median radius of 1,708 times that of the Sun, or a diameter of 2.4 trillion m (1.5 billion mi; 15.9 AU); thus a volume 5 billion times that of the Sun. 

It is about 2.9 kiloparsecs (9,500 light years) from Earth, so it is one of the nearest known hypergiants. If placed at the center of the Solar system, its photosphere would engulf the orbit of Jupiter. The radius of this star is 1,189,348,720 km, It is not larger than the orbit of Saturn.

Karesuando Church

The Karesuando Church () is a wooden church building in Karesuando in Sweden. It belongs to the Karesuando Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated on 3 December 1905 by Bishop Olof Bergqvist of the Diocese of Luleå. It then replaced an older church. The church is the northernmost church in Sweden.

Jakobsbergs GoIF

Jakobsbergs GoIF is a sports club in Jakobsberg in Sweden. It is active within handball. The men's soccer merged with FC Järfälla in 1993. In 2003, the women's soccer also merged with FC Järfälla.

The club won the Swedish women's soccer national chapionship in 1977. The club also finished up second in 1975. They lost the 1975 final game against Öxabäcks IF on penalty kicks.


Alfonso La Marmora

Alfonso La Marmora (18 November 1804 – 5 January 1878), or Alfonso Ferrero La Marmora, Alfonso Lamarmora and Alfonso Ferrero, Cavaliere La Marmora, was an Italian general and statesman.

He was born at Turin in a rich and noble family: his father was a Marquis. In 1822 he graduated in the Military Academy of Turin; then began a military career, which led him to become general in 1856. In the Kingdom of Sardinia he was twice Minister of War in the governments led by Massimo D'Azeglio and Camillo Cavour.

In 1854 La Marmora made a law that improved the quality of the troops, created new academies for officers, retouched the recruitment system, bringing to 60,000 Army soldiers (of which only a quarter in active service, while the rest evaded the lever paying a substitute), doubled the units of riflemen and strengthened the light cavalry at the expense of heavy. Even the artillery, health and administrative apparatus were renovated, as well as logistics services.

In 1855 he resigned from the post of Minister of War because he went to fight in the Crimean War. He was Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sardinia from 19 July 1859 to 21 January 1860. In the years immediately after the Italian unification, he was governor of Milan and Prefect of Naples.

Member of the "Historical Right", La Marmora was Prime Minister and Foreign Minister of the Kingdom of Italy from 18 September 1864 to 20 July 1866. He resigned from office to go fight the third Italian independence war: on this occasion, however, he committed several strategic errors, which cost a heavy defeat for Italy.

In 1870 he retired from political life. He died in Florence and was buried in Biella in the church of San Sebastiano. His brother, Alessandro La Marmora, founded the corps of Bersaglieri.

Luminous blue variable

Luminous blue variables (LBVs) are massive evolved stars. They show unpredictable and sometimes dramatic variations in their spectra and their brightness. 

These unstable supergiants or hypergiants are also known as S Doradus variables. S Doradus is one of the brightest stars of the Large Magellanic Cloud. 

LBVs are extraordinarily rare with just 20 listed in the General Catalogue of Variable Stars as SDor, and some of these are no longer considered to be LBVs.

In their "quiescent" state they are typically B-type stars, occasionally slightly hotter, with unusual emission lines. They are found in a region of the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram known as the "S Doradus instability strip". They are the least luminous have a temperature around 10,000 K and a luminosity about 250,000 times the Sun. The most luminous have a temperature around 25,000 K and a luminosity over a million times the Sun. These are some of the most luminous of all stars.

Their relationship to supernovae is unclear.

The LBV stars P Cygni and Eta Carinae have been known as unusual variables since the 17th century, but their true nature was not fully understood until much more recently. The term "S Doradus variable" was used to describe them as a group in 1974. AE Andromedae is one of the most luminous blue variables in the Andromeda galaxy, M31.

Smygehamn

Smygehamn is a locality in Trelleborg Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,278 inhabitants people lived there. It is the southernmost locality in Sweden.

Östra Torp Church

The Östra Torp Church () is a church building in Smygehamn in Sweden. I belongs to the Källtorp Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was inaugurated on 14 June 1911. It replaced an older church which had been destroyed by a fire in 1909. The church is the southernmost in Sweden.

Marstrand Regatta

The Marstrand Regatta () is a sailing event. It is held outside Marstrand in Sweden in July. It is hosted by the Gothenburg Royal Sailing Society.

Guelph

Guelph is a city in southern Ontario. It is called the Royal City. It has often been rated as one of Canada's best places to live. This is because it has a low unemployment rate and a low crime rate. In the 2011 census, Guelph had a population of 121,688. Guelph has warm, humid summers that can reach up to and cold winters coming down to . It is classified Dfb in the Köppen climate classification system.

CJOY 1460

CFRU 93.3

Marstrand Church

The Marstrand Church () is a church building in Marstrand in Sweden. It belongs to the Marstrand Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church is supposed to have been built between the late 13th and the early 14th century. It was rebuilt in 1806. In 1912, the church was renovated.

Pistol Star

The Pistol Star is a blue hypergiant. It is one of the most luminous stars in the Milky Way galaxy.

It is one of many massive young stars in the Quintuplet cluster in the central region of our galaxy. It is about 25,000 light years from Earth in the direction of Sagittarius. It would be visible to the naked eye as a fourth magnitude star but interstellar gases have blocked it from view.

The Pistol Star was discovered by the Hubble Space Telescope in the early 1990s.
The star may have ejected almost 10 solar masses of material in giant outbursts perhaps 4,000 to 6,000 years ago. Its stellar wind is over 10 billion times stronger than the Sun's. The star's exact age and future are not known, but it is expected to end in a brilliant supernova or hypernova in 1 to 3 million years. Its mass is equally uncertain, probably around 200 times the sun when first formed. Now it is much less because it has lost so much mass.

Early reports suggested that it might be the most luminous star known, being almost 100 million times as luminous as the Sun.
Later studies, however, have reduced its estimated luminosity. It is now regarded as a candidate luminous blue variable about one-third as luminous as the binary star system Eta Carinae. Even so, it radiates about as much energy in 20 seconds as does the Sun in a year.

A close point source has been discovered hidden in the surrounding nebulosity, but it is not known whether it is a star or even whether it is physically associated.


Löddeköpinge

Löddeköpinge is the second-largest locality in Kävlinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 6,290 people lived there.

Barsebäckshamn

Barsebäckshamn is a locality in Kävlinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 438 people lived there.

Bjärred

Bjärred is a coastal locality in Lomma Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden, located circa 20 kilometers north of Malmö and 10 kilometers west of Lund. In 2010, 9,542 people lived there.

Clares

Clares is a small village in the province of Guadalajara. It belongs to the region of de Molina-Alto Tajo in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha, Spain.

In 1989 a Special Protection Area (SPA) category A, was created near Clares. It covers 20,000 hectares. There are 12 protected species including: Montagu's harrier (Circus pygargus), little bustard (Tetrax tetrax), Dupont's lark (Chersophilus duponti), Common treecreeper (Agateador norteño), Thekla lark (Galerida theklae), and Dartford Warbler (Sylvia undata). Other species found in the area are the foxes, badgers, wild cats, vultures and raptors such as buzzards, kestrel and a hawk. Clares also has a private game reserve managed by the Association of Neighbors and Friends, where people can go to hunt boar, deer, hare, rabbit, partridge and quail.

Tin Cup

Tin Cup is a 1996 romantic comedy movie. This movie is about a golf pro. Kevin Costner plays Roy. Rene Russo plays Molly. Cheech Marin plays Romeo. This movie got mixed to positive reviews from the critics. It took in over $75.8 million USD. 

Barsebäck

Barsebäck is a locality in Kävlinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. It is located circa 4 kilometers east of Barsebäckshamn. In 2010, 524 people lived there. The places also known for the former Barsebäck Nuclear Power Plant,

Furulund

Furulund is a locality in Kävlinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,180 people lived there.

Getinge

Getinge is a locality in Halmstad Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,843 people lived there.

Laxvik

Laxvik is a locality in Halmstad Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 475 people lived there.

Tyringe

Tyringe is a locality in Hässleholm Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,658 people lived there.

Dalsjöfors

Dalsjöfors is a locality in Borås Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,362 people lived there.

Sandared

Sandared is a locality in Borås Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,160 people lived there.

Alsterbro

Alsterbro is a locality in Nybro Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 422 people lived there.

Veberöd

Veberöd is a locality in Lund Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 5,500 people lived there. The places is located near the lake of Vombsjön.

Sidensjö

Sidensjö is a locality in Örnsköldsvik Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 399 people lived there.

Bredbyn

Bredbyn is a locality in Örnsköldsvik Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,186 people lived there.

Husum

Husum is a locality in Örnsköldsvik Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,647 people lived there.

Dalby

Dalby is a locality in Lund Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 5,708 people lived there. The place is located about 10 kilometers east-south-east of Lund and about 20 kilometers east-north-east of Malmö.

Södra Sandby

Södra Sandby is the second largest locality in Lund Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 6,136 people lived there. It is located circa 10 kilometers east of Lund and 30 kilometers northeast of Malmö.

Genarp

Genarp is a locality in Lund Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,892 people lived there.

Mantorp

Mantorp is a locality in Mjölby Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,671 people lived there 2010.

Skänninge

Skänninge is a locality in Mjölby Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,140 people lived there 2010. It is located circa 10 kilometers north of Mjölby.

Sya

Sya is a locality in Mjölby Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 306 people lived there.

Bua

Bua is a locality in Varberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,746 people lived there.

Veddige

Veddige is a locality in Varberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,045 people lived there 2010. It is located near the river Viskan which is located 20 kilometers from Varberg.

Kareby

Kareby is a locality in Kungälv Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 292 people lived there.

Västra Karaby

Västra Karaby is a locality in Kävlinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 229 people lived there.

Västra Torup

Västra Torup is a minor locality in Hässleholm Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 198 people lived there In 2005, 210 people lived there, Earlier, Västra Torup was classified as a locality by Statistics Sweden. The Ingelbo Moose Park is located in Hissmossa north of Västra Torup 

Ekerö sommarstad

Ekerö sommarstad is a locality in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 544 people lived there.

Drottningholm

Drottningholm is a locality in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 398 people lived there. It is on the island of Lovön. The Swedish Royal Family have lived at the Drottningholm Palace since 1981.

Berga, Högsby Municipality

Berga is a locality in Högsby Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 724 people lived there.

Ruda

Ruda is a locality in Högsby Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, with 613 people lived there.

Evertsberg

Evertsberg is a locality in Älvdalen Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 267 people lived there.

Särna

Särna is a locality in Älvdalen Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 719 people lived there.

Idre

Idre is a locality and ski resort in Älvdalen Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 794 people lived there. It was also a historical parish and former municipality.

Cinderella (2015 movie)

Cinderella is a 2015 romantic-fantasy movie. It stars Lily James as Cinderella. Cate Blanchett plays Lady Tremaine. Helena Bonham Carter plays the Fairy Godmother.

The movie was released on March 13, 2015.

Hollywood Canteen

Hollywood Canteen is a 1944 musical romantic comedy movie. The movie is about two soldiers spending three nights at a Hollywood Canteen. Joan Leslie, The Andrews Sisters and Ida Lupino are in the cast.


Miguel Ángel Cascallana

Miguel Ángel Cascallana Guerra (26 February 1948 – 26 January 2015) was a Spanish handball player. He competed for his country in team handball at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. He finished 15th in the Olympic tournament. He played in all five matches and scored three goals.

Cascallana was born in Herrera de Pisuerga, Castile and León. He died on 26 January 2015 in Alicante, at the age of 66.


Modular programming

Modular programming is a way of organizing a computer program into smaller parts called modules. Each module contains the necessary code to run one specific part of the final computer program. Modular programs are simpler to understand. They are also more simple to maintain. Different programmers can each make different modules. Usually, each module is designed to do only one thing.

Noctiluca scintillans

Noctiluca scintillans, is the sea sparkle. It is a free-living marine-dwelling species of dinoflagellate. 

It shows bioluminescence when disturbed: this produces a "milky seas effect". The bioluminescence is produced in the cytoplasm of this single-celled protist. It is done by a luciferin-luciferase reaction in thousands of spherical organelles, called scintillons. Nonluminescent populations in the genus "Noctiluca" lack these scintillons.

"Noctiluca" is a heterotroph (non-photosynthetic) that engulfs by phagocytosis. They eat plankton, diatoms, other dinoflagellates, fish eggs and bacteria. The diatom "Thalassiosira" is known as a favourite food source of "Noctiluca".

"N. scintillans" also takes in tiny phytoplankton which live as endosymbionts. They do photosynthesis for their larger host. Diatoms are often found in the vacuoles (internal membrane-bound storage compartments) of "Noctiluca". The green non-feeding symbionts can grow photoautotrophically for generations. 

Åsen

Åsen is a locality in Älvdalen Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 246 people lived there.

Rot

Rot is a locality in Älvdalen Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 695 people lived there.

Grängesberg

Grängesberg is a locality in Ludvika Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,481 people lived there 2010. From the 16th century and to 1989, there iron-ore extraction was carried out at the Grängesberg orefield.

Hemse

Hemse is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,715 people lived there.

Norra Visby

Norra Visby is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 453 people lived there.

Stånga

Stånga is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 317 people lived there.

Vittjärv

Vittjärv is a locality in Boden Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 445 people lived there.

Burgsvik

Burgsvik <nowiki>['buschvick]</nowiki> is a locality in the southern parts of Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 338 people lived there. The Burgsvik beds are located in the area.

Vibble

Vibble is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,286 people lived there.

Sunnansjö

Sunnansjö is a locality in Ludvika Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 560 people lived there.

Löttorp

Löttorp is a locality in Borgholm Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden, In 2010, 438 people lived there.

Köpingsvik

Köpingsvik is a locality in Borgholm Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 599 people lived there. It is located circa 4 kilometers east of Borgholm on the island Öland.

Björkviken

Björkviken is a locality in Borgholm Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 208 people lived there.

Rälla

Rälla is a locality in Borgholm Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 407 people lived there.

Gårdby

Gårdby is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 257 people lived there.

Degerhamn

Degerhamn is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 331 people lived there.

Skogsby

Skogsby is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 569 people lived there.

Vickleby

Vickleby is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 320 people lived there.

Algutsrum

Algutsrum is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 532 people lived there.

Arontorp

Arontorp is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 233 people lived there.

Kastlösa

Kastlösa is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 201 people lived there.

Lärbro

Lärbro is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 484 people lived there. It is located in the north approximately away from Slite. The place had train connection with Visby between 1921 and 1960. One sight of the place is the medieval Lärbro Church..

Havdhem

Havdhem is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 298 people lived there. The medieval Havdhem Church is located in Havdhem.

Västerhejde

Västerhejde is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 313 people lived there.

Väskinde

Väskinde is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 337 people lived there.

Tingstäde

Tingstäde is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 265 people lived there.

Lövsta

Lövsta or Roma kyrkby is a locality in Gotland Municipality, in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 261 people lived there.

Övre Svartlå

Övre Svartlå is a locality in Boden Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 201 people lived there.

Unbyn

Unbyn is a locality in Boden Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 468 people lived there.

Sävast

Sävast is a village located in Boden Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden. It had a population of 3,148 in 2010.

Harads

Harads is a locality in Boden Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. It is located approximately 50 kilometres south of the Arctic Circle. In 2010, 501 people lived there.

Kappelshamn

Kappelshamn is a smaller locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 115 people lived there.

Maluridae

Maluridae is a family of small, insectivorous passerine birds endemic to Australia and New Guinea. 

Commonly known as 'wrens', they are unrelated to the true wrens of the Northern Hemisphere. The family includes 15 species of fairywren, 3 emu-wrens, and 11 grasswrens. There are six genera.

The Maluridae are one of the many bird families to have evolved from a great adaptive radiation of what were crows to new ecological opportunities in Australasia. Their closest relatives are the Meliphagidae (honeyeaters), and the Pardalotidae. 

Their obvious similarity to the wrens of Europe and America is not genetic, but simply the consequence of convergent evolution between more-or-less unrelated species that share the same ecological niche.

Their behaviour is similar to many other passerine families. The males defend territory and attract females by song and bright coloured plumage. Females are a dowdy brownish colour, better for camouflage. The males' colour is much less bright out of season. They are insectivorous, and nest in dense undergrowth. The parallels with Eurasian wrens are quite striking.

Kumla kyrkby

Kumla kyrkby is a locality in Sala Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 206 people lived there.

Fjärås kyrkby

Fjärås kyrkby is a locality in Kungsbacka Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,321 people lived there. The place is located at the shorelines of the lake of Lygnern.

Vansö kyrkby

Vansö kyrkby is a locality in Strängnäs Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 202 people lived there.

Vinbergs kyrkby

Vinbergs kyrkby is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 208 people lived there.

Håbo-Tibble kyrkby

Håbo-Tibble kyrkby is a locality in Upplands-Bro Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 256 people lived there.

Skedvi kyrkby

Skedvi kyrkby is a locality in Säter Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 208 people lived there.

Vinberg

Vinberg is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 592 people lived there.

Möklinta

Möklinta is a locality in Sala Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 358 people lived there.

Ransta

Ransta is a locality in Sala Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 881 people lived there.

Salbohed

Salbohed is a locality in Sala Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 259 people lived there.

Sätra brunn

Sätra brunn is a locality in Sala Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 335 people lived there.

Västerfärnebo

Västerfärnebo is a locality in Sala Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 477 people lived there.

Bonäs

Bonäs is a locality in Mora Municipality, Dalarna County, Sweden with 457 inhabitants in 2010.

Färnäs

Färnäs is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 988 people lived there.

Gesunda

Gesunda is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 229 people lived there.

Nusnäs

Nusnäs is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 729 people lived there.

Östnor

Östnor is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 534 people lived there.

Selja

Selja is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 548 people lived there.

Sollerön

Sollerön is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 901 people lived there. documentary photographer Karl Lärka (1892–1981) was born there.

Våmhus

Våmhus is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 857 people lived there. It is by the northwestern shorlines of the Orsa Lake.

Vattnäs

Vattnäs is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 294 people lived there.

Venjan

Venjan is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 295 people lived there.

Vinäs

Vinäs is a locality in Mora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 329 people lived there.

Solsidan

Solsidan is a locality in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 349 people lived there.

Stenhamra

Stenhamra is a locality on the island of Färingsö in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,336 people lived there.

Kungsberga

Kungsberga is a locality on the Lake Mälaren island of Färingsö in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 406 people lived there.

Glommen

Glommen is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 761 people lived there.

Ätran (locality)

Ätran is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 417 people lived there.

Skrea

Skrea is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,064 people lived there 2010. The place was first mentioned in writing in 1447. The nature reserve of Grimsholmen is located near the village.

Skogstorp, Falkenberg Municipality

Skogstorp is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,124 people lived there.

Årstad

Årstad is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 284 people lived there.

Skogstorp

Skogstorp may refer to:


Skogstorp, Eskilstuna Municipality

Skogstorp is a locality in Eskilstuna Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,860 people lived there.

Jonstorp

Jonstorp is a locality in Höganäs Municipality in the northwestern parts of Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,880 people lived there.

Söderskogen

Söderskogen is a locality in Håbo Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 378 people lived there.

Råby

Råby is a locality in Håbo Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 885 people lived there.

Krägga

Krägga is a locality in Håbo Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 331 people lived there.

Häggeby och Vreta

Häggeby och Vreta is a locality in Håbo Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 224 people lived there.

Ingelstad

Ingelstad is a locality in Växjö Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,674 people lived there.

Åby

Åby may refer to:


Åby, Växjö Municipality

Åby is a locality in Växjö Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 456 people lived there.

Åryd

Åryd may refer to:

Åryd, Karlshamn Municipality

Åryd is a locality in Karlshamn Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2001, 336 people lived there.

Billinge

Billinge is a locality in Eslöv Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 415 people lived there.

Rottne

Rottne is a locality in Växjö Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,354 people lived there.

Norrhult-Klavreström

Norrhult-Klavreström is a locality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, with 1,215 people lived there. The locality is bimunicipal, which means it spanns across the borders of two municipalities, Uppvidinge and Växjö.

Skanör med Falsterbo

Skanör med Falsterbo is a statistical locality in Vellinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 6,937 people lived there. It consists of the two former towns of Skanör and Falsterbo.

Tånga och Rögle

Tånga och Rögle is a locality in Helsingborg Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 223 people lived there.

Seleucus I Nicator

Seleucus I Nicator ("Seleucus the Victor") () was one of the generals friends of Alexander who were given, or took control of, his empire. Having served as an infantry general under Alexander, he eventually took the title of basileus (~"king"). He set up the Seleucid Empire over much of the territory in the Near East which Alexander had conquered.

After the death of Alexander in June 323 BC, Seleucus initially supported Perdiccas, the regent of Alexander's empire, and was made Commander of the Companions (the elite cavalry of Alexander) at the Partition of Babylon in 323 BC. 

The 'Wars of the Diadochi' in 322 were the wars of Alexander's successors. Perdiccas failed against Ptolemy in Egypt, which led to the mutiny of his troops. Perdiccas was betrayed and assassinated in a conspiracy by Seleucus and others sometime in either 321 or 320 BC.

In 321 BC, Seleucus was appointed Satrap of Babylon under the new regent Antipater. In 316/5 BC, Eumenes of Cardia entered his satrapy, trying to move to the east away from Antigonus. He stayed in Babylon and moved to Susa in the spring. After the defeat of Eumenes, Seleucus thought to flee Babylon because he feared for his life. Immediately in Spring 314BC, the wars between the Diadochi resumed and Antigonus with main operations in Coele-Syria. Seleucus was only able to return to Babylon in 312 BC with the support of Ptolemy with 50 horsemen accompanying him.

From 312 BC, Seleucus ruthlessly expanded his dominions and eventually conquered the Persian and Median lands because Antigonus was busy dealing with Cassander and Potolemy. Seleucus ruled not only Babylonia, but the entire enormous eastern part of Alexander's empire:

Seleucus' wars took him as far as India, where, after two years of war (305-303 BC), he made peace with the Indian Emperor Chandragupta Maurya. Seleucus exchanged his eastern satrapies in the Indus River Valley for 500 war elephants. These would play a decisive role against Antigonus at the Battle of Ipsus in 301 BC and against Lysimachus at the Battle of Corupedium in 281 BC. After the battle, he gained the rest of Asia Minor except for Thracian Bithynia, Paphlagonia, Hreaclea Pontica, Caria and Pamphylia(under Ptolemies), Psidia(exception of Salagassos which was acquired during Antigonus’s rule), Lyconia, Rhodian Peraia, and Isauria. However, reigons like the Troad, Caria, and the islands had leagues which were vassals to the Seleucids by 281BC. Notably Halicarnassus, Pergamon, and Abydos.

Seleucus' victories against Antigonus and Lysimachus left the Seleucid dynasty virtually unopposed in Asia and in Anatolia. However, Seleucus also hoped to take control of Lysimachus' European territories, primarily Thrace and Macedon itself. But upon arriving in Thrace in 281 BC, Seleucus was assassinated by Ptolemy Ceraunus, who had taken refuge at the Seleucid court with his sister Lysandra. The assassination of Seleucus destroyed Seleucid prospects in Thrace and Macedon, and paved the way for Ptolemy Ceraunus to absorb much of Lysimachus' former power in Macedon. Seleucus was succeeded by his son Antiochus I as ruler of the Seleucid Empire.

Seleucus founded a number of new cities during his reign, including Antioch (300 BC) and in particular Seleucia on the Tigris (ca. 305 BC), the new capital of the Seleucid Empire, a foundation that eventually depopulated Babylon.

Highland

The term highland or upland is used to mean any mountainous region or elevated mountainous plateau. Generally speaking, "upland" (or uplands) means ranges of hills, typically up to 500-600 meters (1,600-2,000 feet). "Highland" (or highlands) usually is used to mean ranges of low mountains.


Mark Pickerel

Mark Pickerel is an American drummer. He is best known as the original drummer for the Screaming Trees. Pickerel played for the Screaming Trees on their first five studio albums and their extended play. He left the band in 1991. 

Jewel Staite

Jewel Belair Staite (born June 2, 1982) is a Canadian actress best known for her roles as Catalina in "Space Cases", Kaylee Frye in "Firefly" and Dr. Jennifer Keller on "Stargate Atlantis".

Transformers (disambiguation)

Transformers is a franchise centered on shapeshifting alien robots.

Transformers or The Transformers may also refer to:



Joel Grey

Joel Grey (born Joel David Katz; April 11, 1932) is an American actor, singer, dancer, and photographer. 

Gray was born in Cleveland, Ohio to Goldie Epstein and to Mickey Katz. He studied at the Cleveland Play House and at Alexander Hamilton High School in Los Angeles, California.

Grey played the role of the Master of Ceremonies in the Broadway musical "Cabaret" in 1966 for which he won the Tony Award. Grey won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in March 1973 for his performance in the same role in the 1972 film version of "Cabaret". He also won the Golden Globe Award. Grey had many other successful performances as an actor.

Gray is also a published photographer, with books "Pictures I Had to Take" 2003; its follow-up, "Looking Hard at Unexpected Things" 2006. His third book, "1.3 – Images from My Phone", a book of photographs taken with his camera phone, was published in 2009. An exhibit of his work was held in April 2011 at the Museum of the City of New York, titled "Joel Grey/A New York Life."

In 1958, Grey married Jo Wilder; they divorced in 1982. Together, they had two children: actress Jennifer Grey and chef James. 

In January 2015, Grey talked about his sexuality in an interview with "People", stating: "I don't like labels, but if you have to put a label on it, I'm a gay man".


David Landau (journalist)

Maurice David Landau OBE (22 June 1947 in England – 27 January 2015) was a British-Israeli journalist and newspaper editor. Landau was editor-in-chief of the Israeli newspaper "Haaretz" from 2004 to 2008. He was the founder and editor-in-chief of the paper's English edition from 1997 to 2004. After leaving "Haaretz" Landau became the Israel correspondent for "The Economist".

Abscess

An abscess () is pus that has built up within the tissue of the body. Signs and symptoms of abscesses include: redness, pain, warmth, and swelling. This swelling feels like it is filled with fluid if it is pressed. The area of redness is often bigger than the area of swelling. Carbuncles are an abscess in the hair follicles.

An abscess is usually caused by a bacterial infection. Often many different types of bacteria can be part of a single infection. In the United States and many other areas of the world the most common bacteria present is MRSA (methicillin-resistant "Staphylococcus aureus"). Rarely parasites can cause abscesses and this is more common in the developing world. Diagnosis of a skin abscess is usually made based on what it looks like and is proved by cutting it open. Ultrasound imaging may be useful in cases in which the diagnosis is not clear. In abscesses around the anus, computer tomography (CT) may be important to look for deeper infection.
Treatment for most skin or soft tissue abscesses is to cut it open and drain out the pus. Antibiotics are usually not needed for healthy people. New studies have found that it is better to close the wound after draining, instead of packing it with gauze. This can speed healing and not increase risk of the abscess returning. Sometimes simply sucking out the pus with a needle is not enough.
Skin abscesses are common and have become more common in recent years. As many as 65% of people who take intravenous drugs get abscesses In 2005 in the United States 3.2 million people went to the emergency department for an abscess. In Australia around 13,000 people were put in hospital in 2008 for the disease.

Abscesses can form in any kind of solid tissue. They are usually on the skin surface (such as a boils, or deep skin abscesses), in the lungs, brain, teeth, kidneys and tonsils. The condition can become more complicated if the pus and the infection spread to other parts of the body. This can lead to gangrene, where areas of body tissue die.

The main symptoms and signs of a skin abscess are redness, heat, swelling, pain and loss of function. There may also be high temperature (fever) and chills.

Internal abscesses are more difficult to find. The abscess can be painful, and a person will have a high temperature, and generally feel unwell.
Internal abscesses do not usually heal without medical treatment. In some cases an abscess could even cause death, for example where an abscess in the neck put pressure on the trachea.

If abscess is on the surface, it may be "fluctuant", that is it feels like it is full of fluid, when touched. This is a wave-like motion caused by movement of the pus inside the abscess.

Abscesses are caused by bacterial infection, parasites, or foreign substances.
Bacterial infection is the most common cause. Often many different types of bacteria are involved in a single infection. In the United States and many other areas of the world the most common bacteria present is MRSA. Among spinal subdural abscesses, methicillin-sensitive "Staphylococcus aureus" is the most common organism involved.

Rarely parasites can causes abscesses and this is more common in the developing world. Specific parasites known to do this include: dracunculiasis and myiasis.


Ernst Träger

Träger died in Berlin, aged 88.

Lucjan Lis

Lucjan Roman Lis (8 August 1950 – 26 January 2015) was a Polish cyclist. He had his best achievements in the 100 km team time trial. In this event he won a silver medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics as well as a bronze and a gold medal at the world championships in 1971 and 1973.

Lis died of a ruptured aorta in Warsaw, Poland, aged 64.

Henk Faanhof

Henk Faanhof (29 August 1922 – 27 January 2015) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer from Amsterdam. Faanhof won one stage in the 1954 Tour de France. In 1947, Faanhof was disqualified in the Dutch National Road Race Championship, after changing bicycles with a team mate.

He also competed in three events at the 1948 Summer Olympics. 

Faanhof died in Amsterdam on January 27, 2015, aged 92.

John T. Myers

John Thomas Myers (February 8, 1927 – January 27, 2015) was an American politician. He was a Republican congressman from Indiana's 7th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1967 to 1997.

Myers died at the age of 87 in his birthplace of Covington, Indiana.

Sly Cooper (series)

Sly Cooper is a series of video games. It is named after the title character, Sly Cooper. They are available on the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, and PS Vita. The series was created by Sucker Punch and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. All of the video games were also developed by them, except "Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time", which was developed by Sanzaru Games. There are currently five games in the series, as well as a collection of the first three remastered:



Egyptian Armed Forces

The Egyptian Armed Forces are the military forces of Egypt. The Egyptian Armed Forces are the largest in Africa, and the Middle East. It was established in 1922. It consists of the Egyptian Army, Egyptian Navy, Egyptian Air Force and Egyptian Air Defense Forces. The Egyptian Armed Forces are the largest in Africa, and the Middle East. They are the 13th most powerful armed forces worldwide. Their combined strength is about 450,000.

According to the Egyptian Constitution, The Egyptian Armed Forces is led by the General command or by the Supreme Council formed in times of emergency and headed by the President who holds the title of the Supreme leader of the Egyptian armed forces, and consists of the 21 military officers who represent the different armies and departments of the armed forces.

IS-IS

Intermediate System to Intermediate System (IS-IS) is a routing protocol used in larger office networks and parts of the Internet. It quickly decides how data gets from one place to another on a network or the Internet.


Funeral viewing

A funeral viewing or body viewing is the time family and friends come to see the dead after the body has been prepared by a funeral home. the body is embalmed in order to keep the body looking as natural as possible. A viewing may take place at a funeral parlor, in a family home, or at a church. A funeral viewing may also be important to grieving process.

<br>

Örtofta

Örtofta is a locality in Eslöv Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 202 people lived there.

Hallstavik

Hallstavik is a locality in Norrtälje Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,476 people lived there. The locality is known for its paper-factory and the Rospiggarna speedway team .

Rimbo

Rimbo is a locality in Norrtälje Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,629 people lived there. It is located circa 20& kilometers west of Norrtälje.

Östhamra

Östhamra is a locality in Norrtälje Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 255 people lived there.

Spillersboda

Spillersboda is a locality in Norrtälje Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2005, 314 people lived there. Swedish model Alexandra Larsson was born there.

Grisslehamn

Grisslehamn is a locality in Norrtälje Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 249 people lived there.

Mölle

Mölle is a locality in Höganäs Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 715 people lived there.

Wilfred Agbonavbare

Wilfred Agbonavbare (5 October 1966 – 27 January 2015) was a Nigerian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

In his country, Lagos-born Agbonavbare played for New Nigeria Bank F.C. and BCC Lions FC. In 1990, he moved to Spain where he would spend the rest of his career, starting with Rayo Vallecano in Segunda División.

In his second season with the Madrid side, Agbonavbare appeared in all 38 league games (3,332 minutes of playing time, 27 goals conceded, second-best in the competition) as the team finished second and returned to La Liga after two years of absence. He continued to be first-choice in the following years, contributing with 31 matches to another top-flight promotion in 1995.

In 1995–96, Agbonavbare lost his starting position to Spanish international Abel Resino. In the following summer, he signed for second division side Écija Balompié, being the most used player in his position but suffering team relegation. 

After one year in his country training to remain fit, Agbonavbare retired due to lack of offers at only 31.


Ray Hathaway

Ray Wilson Hathaway (October 13, 1916 – February 11, 2015) was an American baseball player. He played four games for the Brooklyn Dodgers of Major League Baseball (MLB) in 1945. He was listed at 6 ft 0 in and 165 lbs. He both batted and threw right-handed.

During his career, Hathaway played in 4 MLB games. He recorded a record of 0-1, he had 1 start, had 0 completed games, 3 games finished, and had an ERA of 4.00 in 9 innings pitched.


Will McBride (photographer)

Will McBride (January 10, 1931 – January 29, 2015) was an American photographer in reportage, art photography and book illustration, as well as, a painter and sculptor. He was known for his works that were against censorship in the United States, like pictures of people naked. McBride was born in St. Louis, Missouri and raised in Chicago, Illinois. His entire career was based in Berlin.

McBride died in his home in Berlin at the age of 84.

Rod McKuen

Rodney Marvin "Rod" McKuen (April 29, 1933 – January 29, 2015) was an American poet, singer-songwriter, and composer. He was one of the best-selling poets in the United States during the late 1960s. 

Throughout his career, McKuen produced a wide range of recordings, which included popular music, spoken word poetry, movie soundtracks, and classical music. He earned two Oscar nominations and one Pulitzer nomination for his serious music compositions.

McKuen died of respiratory arrest due to pneumonia.


Frances Lennon

Frances Lennon, MBE (12 September 1912 – 24 January 2015) was an award winning British artist from Greater Manchester. She was best known for being the Official Artist of the 2002 Commonwealth Games. Her paintings have been described as "Lowry-esque, but with more humour".

Keith Emerson

Keith Noel Emerson (2 November 1944 – 10 March 2016) was an English keyboardist and composer. Emerson played in a number of bands before he found his first commercial success with P. P. Arnold's backing band the Nice in the late 1960s.

Emerson was born in Todmorden, West Riding of Yorkshire. He was a founding member of Emerson, Lake & Palmer (ELP) in 1970. Emerson, Lake & Palmer were successful through much of the 1970s. They became one of the best-known progressive rock groups of the era.

Emerson committed suicide by shooting himself in the head at his Santa Monica, California home. He was aged 71.


Sibghatullah Mojaddedi

Sibghatullah Mojaddedi (, 21 April 1925 – 11 February 2019) was an Afghan politician. He served as Interim President after the fall of Mohammad Najibullah's government in April 1992. He was also the founder of the Afghan National Liberation Front.

He served as the chairman of the 2003 loya jirga that approved Afghanistan's new constitution. In 2005 he was appointed chairman of the Meshrano Jirga, upper house of the National Assembly of Afghanistan. He was reappointed as a member in 2011. He also served on the Afghan High Peace Council.

It was reported on 12 February 2019 that Mojaddedi had died the day before at a Kabul hospital from a long-illness. He was 93.


Amparo Baró

Amparo Baró San Martín (21 September 1937 – 29 January 2015) was a Spanish actress. She starting working in theatres with Adolfo Marsillach. She was known for her role as "Sole" in "7 Vidas". Her career spanned more than 50 years.

Baró died from cancer in Madrid, Spain, aged 77.

Chevrolet Traverse

The Chevrolet Traverse is a full-sized (SUV) made by General Motors' Chevrolet division. It was introduced for the 2009 model year. Chevrolet markets the Traverse as a minivan (without sliding side doors). The design for the Traverse is loosely based off the concept vehicle the Chevrolet Sequel (a hybrid crossover SUV). It replaced the Uplander (a minivan) and the TrailBlazer (an SUV) in North America. After the Uplander and its siblings failed to match the sales quota of Toyota Sienna and Honda Odyssey GM announced it would target crossovers. In South America it replaced the Grand Blazer. This vehicle uses a unibody platform called the GM Lambda platform. In 2013 Traverse was updated with a brand new grille, fascia and Camaro inspired tail lights.

In 2017, a second generation Traverse was introduced for the 2018 model year, which followed a more SUV-like design similar to the Suburban/Tahoe. It also became the largest crossover SUV in the Chevrolet lineup due to the introduction of the mid-size Blazer in 2019.in 2023 it has been announced the traverse is now riding on a VSS-T platform meaning it now shares the same platform as the Chevrolet Suburban and Chevrolet Tahoe

Zhelyu Zhelev

Zhelyu Mitev Zhelev (; 3 March 1935 – 30 January 2015) was a Bulgarian politician, philosopher, writer, and dissident. He served as the second President of Bulgaria from 1 August 1990 to 22 January 1997. He was the first non-communist to hold office.

Zhelev was born in Smyadovo. He was married to Maria Zheleva and had two children.

Zhelev died on 30 January 2015 in Sofia, aged 79.

Malmköping

Malmköping is a locality in Flen Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,977 people lived there.

Påskallavik

Påskallavik is a locality in Oskarshamn Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,083 people lived there.

Saltvik

Saltvik is a locality in Oskarshamn Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 352 people lived there.

Bergkvara

Bergkvara is a locality in Torsås Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 940 people lived there.

Figeholm

Figeholm is a locality in Oskarshamn Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 743 people lived there

Urban areas of Sweden

The Urban areas of Sweden are a common English term of the Swedish language-term "tätort". The official term in English, used by Statistics Sweden, is however locality. The places can be compared with, for example, the "census-designated places" in the USA.

The localities of Sweden have at least 200 people lived there. But the concept is statistical, and not defined by any municipal or county borderlines. Urban areas referred to as towns () for statistical purposes at least 10,000 inhabitants. In 2010 there was 1,956 urban areas in Sweden. They covered 85 % of the Swedish population.

Klevshult

Klevshult is a locality in Vaggeryd Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 264 people lived there.

Hok

Hok is a locality in Vaggeryd Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 637 people lived there. North of it is the Hok Mansion.

European Agreement on Au Pair Placement

The European Agreement on Au Pair Placement is an international agreement within the Council of Europe. It was originally signed in Strasbourg, France on 24 November 1969. It came into force on 30 May 1971. The agreement regulates au pair placements. It states that the person in placement shall neither be seen as a traditional employed domestic worker nor as a traditional student. The issue of signing up Sweden to the agreement has been discussed.

Dictyostelid

The dictyostelids are a group of cellular slime molds, or "social amoebae". They are unusual eukaryote organisms. For much of their life they live as separate cells. Then in hard times they come together to reproduce as a fruiting body. The fruiting body produces spores with protective walls. They survive and open up in better times. So these organisms are both unicellular and multicellular.

As separate amoebae, they feed and divide normally. They mostly eat soil bacteria. When the food supply runs out, they come together to form a kind of slug-like thing. The slug has a definite front and rear. It responds to light and temperature differences, and can move. Under the right conditions the slug becomes a sporocarp (fruiting body). A stalk holds up one or more balls of spores. These spores are inactive cells protected by tough cell walls. They become new amoebae when food is available.

"Dictyostelium" has been used as a model organism in molecular biology and genetics. It is studied as an example of cell communication, differentiation, and programmed cell death (apoptosis). Research on "Dictyostelium" is available on-line at dictyBase.

The aggregation of the amoebae relies on a signal molecule. One cell, the founder of the colony, begins to secrete the signal in response to stress. Others detect the signal, and respond in two ways:
The effect of this is to relay the signal through the nearby population of amoebae. They move to the area of highest signal concentration.

They were first discovered in a North Carolina forest in 1935. "Dictyostelium discoideum" was at first classified under 'lower fungi'. Later it was put in the kingdoms Protista and Fungi. By the 1990s, most scientists accepted the present classification.

Amoebozoa are now regarded as a separate kingdom-level clade, being more closely related to both animals and fungi than to plants.

The entire genome of "Dictyostelium discoideum" was published in "Nature" in 2005. The haploid genome contains about 12,500 genes on six chromosomes. For comparison, the diploid human genome has 20,00025,000 genes (represented twice) on 23 chromosome pairs.

Sexual development can occur when amoeboid cells are starved of their bacterial food supply and in the dark.

Mating starts by gametogenesis. This produces small, mobile gametes that fuse to form a small binucleate cell. The volume of the binucleate cell then increases to produce a giant binuclear cell. As growth proceeds, the nuclei swell, and then fuse forming a true diploid zygote giant cell. As this is occurring, amoebae undergo chemotaxis towards the giant cell surface. The zygote giant cell ingests the surrounding amoebae, and digests them. Next the zygote forms a macrocyst which stays dormant for a time before germination occurs. When the macrocyst germinates it releases many haploid amoeboid cells.

"Dictyostelium" shares many molecular features with macrophages. Macrophages are the human host of "Legionella". The cytoskeletal composition of "D. discoideum" is similar to that of mammalian cells. So are the processes driven by these components, such as phagocytosis, membrane trafficking, endocytic transit and vesicle sorting. Like leukocytes, "D. discoideum" have chemotaxis. Hence, "D. discoideum" is a suitable model system to see the influence of host cell factors during "Legionella" infections.


Full-size vehicle

A full-size car is a marketing term used in North America for an automobile larger than a mid-size car. Traditional U.S. full-size passenger cars were designed to be comfortable for six occupants and their luggage for long-distance driving. The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) currently uses the term "large car" to mean full-size cars based on their combined interior passenger and luggage volume. A full-size SUV (or CUV), is a utility vehicle that has over of cargo volume. This is measured when the rear seats are folded or removed for more cargo capacity. Both full-size and mid-size SUVs and CUVs have three rows of seating (8 or 9 passengers). A full size van is a marketing term used for a van larger than a minivan. Seating is one difference. A full-size van may be equipped to seat up to 15 passengers. A minivan often seats up to 8.

Legionella

The genus Legionella is a pathogenic group of Gram-negative bacteria. It includes the species causing a pneumonia-type illness called Legionnaires' disease, and a mild flu-like illness called Pontiac fever.

It may be seen with a silver stain. "Legionella" is common in many environments, including soil and aquatic systems, with at least 50 species and 70 strains identified.

The side-chains of the cell wall carry the bases responsible for the somatic antigen specificity of these organisms. The chemical composition of these side chains both with respect to components as well as arrangement of the different sugars determines the nature of the somatic or O antigen determinants, which are essential means of serologically classifying many Gram-negative bacteria.

"Legionella" got its name after a 1976 outbreak of a then-unknown "mystery disease" sickened. 221 people were infected, with 34 deaths. The outbreak was first noticed among people attending a convention of the American Legion—an association of U.S. military veterans.

On January 18, 1977, the cause was identified as a previously unknown bacterium later named "Legionella".

Legionnaires' disease is a severe form of pneumonia—lung inflammation usually caused by infection. Legionnaires' disease is caused by a bacterium known as "Legionella".

People can't catch Legionnaires' disease from person-to-person contact. Instead, most people get Legionnaires' disease from inhaling the bacteria. Older adults, smokers and people with weakened immune systems are particularly susceptible to Legionnaires' disease.

The "Legionella" bacterium also causes Pontiac fever, a milder illness resembling the flu. Separately or together, the two illnesses are sometimes called legionellosis. Pontiac fever usually clears on its own, but untreated Legionnaires' disease can be fatal. Although prompt treatment with antibiotics usually cures Legionnaires' disease, some people continue to experience problems after treatment.

Disinfectants help people to avoid catching it.

Frame (vehicle)

A vehicle frame, is the main structural element of a motor vehicle. All other components are connected to the frame. Another term for this design is "body-on-frame" construction. A vehicle's frame is part of the chassis.

The first motor vehicles were almost all built on a frame. Since then, nearly all cars have changed to unibody construction (see below). The last UK mass-produced car with a chassis was the Triumph Herald, which was discontinued in 1971. By contrast, today nearly all trucks and buses still use chassis frames.

Named because it resembles a ladder, the ladder frame is the simplest and oldest of all designs. It has two rails, or beams, and crossmembers connecting them. Most manufacturers stopped using them on cars around the 1940s. They are now seen mainly on trucks.

In a unibody (also unit body) design, the sheet metal of the body is also the frame. It may use subframes in certain areas. Unibody designs first appeared in the 1930s on some Citroën automobiles. Many modern vehicles use unibody construction including cars, minivans and crossovers. A few SUVs use unibody construction. An example is the Dodge Durango.

Hedesunda

Hedesunda is a locality in Gävle Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,028 people lived there.

Pedal steel guitar

The pedal steel guitar is a type of electric steel guitar that is built on legs or a stand. It usually has foot pedals which adjust the sound of the instrument. Like other electric guitars, the musical instrument produces sound by the vibration of its strings which are converted by magnetic pickup connected to an amplifier.

Pedal steels may have one or two "necks" that typically have 10 strings each. Some may have as many as 14. Unlike most other guitars, pedal steel guitars have reference lines on the fretboard. This is where frets would be, but there are no actual frets. The player changes the pitch of one or more strings by sliding a steel from one position to another while plucking the strings. Pedal steels are typically plucked with a thumb pick and fingers, or two or three fingerpicks. The pedals are mounted on a cross bar below the body. The action of the pedals may be fixed or changed by the player to select which strings the pedals affects. While there are some fairly standard pedal assignments, many advanced players devise their own setups, called "copedents". The pedal steel evolved from the console steel guitar and lap steel guitar. 

The pedal steel, with its smooth "portamenti", bending chords and complex riffs, is one of the most easily recognized instruments of American country music.

Dimitar Iliev Popov

Dimitar Iliev Popov () (26 June 1927 in Kula – 5 December 2015) was a leading Bulgarian judge and politician. He was the first Prime Minister of the country not to be a member of the Bulgarian Communist Party since 1946.

Gerrit Voorting

Gerardus "Gerrit" Petrus Voorting (18 January 1923 – 30 January 2015) was a racing cyclist from the Netherlands. He was born in Velsen. He was active between 1947 and 1960. He won the silver medal in the individual road race at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom. He died in Heemskerk.

He was the elder brother of Olympic cyclist Adrie Voorting.

Palais Bourbon

The Palais Bourbon is a large building in Paris. It is on the left bank of the River Seine. Today it is the home of the French National Assembly. It was originally built by Louise Françoise de Bourbon as a large townhouse for her own personal use. It was later the main Parisian residence of the Princes of Condé. 

Building began in 1722 under the direction of several prominent architects of the day. It was inspired by the "Grand Trianon" in the grounds of the Palace of Versailles. It was built near the "Hôtel de Lassay", which was the townhouse of the Marquis of Lassay. He was a nobleman the duchess had began having an affair with some years prior. The two buildings were connected by a corridor. 

During the French Revolution the property was seized as a "bien national" or property of the nation.

Reema Abdo

Reema Abdo (born May 19, 1963) is a Canadian retired swimmer. She was a backstroke swimmer.

Abdo competed for Canada at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. She was able to win a bronze medal for Canada. She won the bronze medal in the 4×100 m medley relay with Anne Ottenbrite, Michelle MacPherson, and Pamela Rai.

She was born in Aden in the People's Democratic Republic of Yemen. In 1976, Abdo and her family moved to Trenton, Ontario. She would then join the Trenton Dolphin Swim Club. She debuted with the Canadian national swimming team at the 1982 Commonwealth Games. There she was able to reach the final of the 200 metre backstroke event, but she did not win a medal. After she retired, she became a constable for the Ontario Provincial Police.

She was inducted into the Ontario Aquatic Hall of Fame in 1997.


Alexander Vraciu

Alexander Vraciu (November 2, 1918 – January 29, 2015) was a United States Navy fighter ace. He was a Medal of Honor nominee. He served during World War II. He once shot down six Japanese dive bombers in eight minutes. Vraciu was born in East Chicago, Indiana.

Vraciu died on January 29, 2015 in his sleep at the age of 96 at his home in Danville, Illinois.

Israel Yinon

Israel Yinon (11 January 1956 – 29 January 2015) was an Israeli conductor. He was known for reviving works of forgotten German composers who were forbidden under Adolf Hitler.

Yinon died after collapsing onstage at a youth concert at the Lucerne University of Applied Sciences and Arts in Switzerland. He was 59 years old. His cause of death is currently unknown.

Pamela Rai

Pamela Leila Rai (born March 29, 1966) is a Canadian retired swimmer. She was a freestyle and butterfly swimmer. 

Rai competed for Canada at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. She was able to win a bronze medal for Canada. She won the bronze medal in the 4×100 m medley relay with Anne Ottenbrite, Michelle MacPherson, and Reema Abdo. She also won a silver medal for Canada at the 1983 Pan American Games in the 4x100 m medley.

In 1984, Rai attended the University of Victoria. While there, Rai set five national university records and was named the 1985 Canadian University Swimmer of the Year. She retired in 1986 to finish her schooling.

She was inducted into the British Columbia Sports Hall of Fame in 1993, University of Victoria Vikes Hall of Fame in 2005, and the British Columbia Swimming Hall of Fame on October 3, 1998.

Duck family (Disney)

The Duck family is a fictional family of cartoon ducks. They are related to Disney character Donald Duck.

In the comic story "The Family Tree Spree" (1962), Donald discovers that he has only two notable ancestors. One is Columbust Duck, who tried to prove the Flat Earth model. The other is Deadeye Duck, a stagecoach robber. If Columbust lived at the same time as Christopher Columbus, he would be Donald's oldest known relative on his father's side. On his mother's side, Donald's earliest known relative lived in the second millennium BC.

Pintail Duck was a 16th-century Duck relative. He was the first early ancestor to appear in person.

Asa Duck was the great-great-great uncle of Grandma Duck.

Humperdink Duck is the earliest known modern Duck family member. He is the husband of Elvira Coot, known as "Grandma Duck". He is Donald's grandfather.

Elvira "Grandma" Duck (née Coot) is Donald's grandmother. She is the Duck family matriarch. In most stories, she is called "Grandma Duck".

Quackmore Duck (born 1875) is the father of Donald Duck. His parents are Humperdink and Elvira "Grandma" Duck.

Hortense Duck (née McDuck; born 1876) is the wife of Quackmore Duck and Donald's mother. She was born in Scotland and is the youngest sister of Scrooge McDuck.

Daphne Gander (née Duck) is Donald's aunt. She is the mother of Gladstone Gander.

Eider Duck is Donald's uncle.

Lulubelle Duck (née Loon) is the wife of Eider Duck. She is the mother of Abner and Fethry Duck.

Upsy Duck is Donald's uncle from the 1965 story "Mastering The Matterhorn", illustrated by Tony Strobl.

Sheriff Dan Duck (aka Cousin Dan) is an old cousin of Donald. He is the sheriff of a Western town called "Bent Spur Gulch".

Donald Duck (born 1920) is the most well-known member of the family. He is the son of Quackmore and Hortense Duck. His girlfriend is Daisy Duck.

Della Duck is the mother of Huey, Dewey, and Louie.

Fethry Duck was Donald's cousin.

Whitewater Duck was only in the story "Log Jockey", published in "Walt Disney's Comics and Stories" #267 on December, 1962. According to that story, he is a distant cousin of Donald, and works as a lumberjack in the woods.

Dudly D. Duck is a cousin of Donald. He appears in the comic story "Why All the Crabby Ducks?".

Nancy Duck is a female cousin of Donald.

Huebert "Huey", Deuteronomy "Dewey", and Louis "Louie" Duck are Donald's three nephews. They are the identical triplet sons of Della Duck and an unnamed father.

Dugan Duck is Fethry Duck's nephew.

The Coot family (usually called the Coot Kin in stories) are the relatives of Grandma Duck. They and the Clan McDuck make up the third major branch of Donald's family tree. The name "Coot" was used by several comic authors including Carl Barks. Don Rosa was the first to show their relationship to Donald. The members of the family are shown as white Pekin ducks like Donald, although real-life coots are typically black.

Cornelius Coot (1790–1880) founded Duckburg.

Clinton Coot (1830-1910) was first mentioned in "Uncle Scrooge Adventures" #27 in the story "Guardians of the Lost Library", first published in July 1994. There he was introduced as the son of Cornelius Coot and the founder of The Junior Woodchucks.

Gertrude Coot (née Gadwall) is the wife of Clinton Coot. She is the mother of Casey and Elvira Coot ("Grandma Duck").

Casey Coot (1860-c. 1960) first appeared in "Last Sled to Dawson", first published in June, 1988. He is an unsuccessful gold prospector. He was a friend of Scrooge McDuck during his years in the Klondike.

Gretchen Coot (née Grebe) is the wife of Casey Coot. She is the mother of Cuthbert and Fanny Coot.

Fanny Coot is the mother of Donald's cousin Gus Goose.

Cuthbert Coot was introduced in the story "Webfooted Wrangler," first published in April 1945. He is a distant cousin of Donald Duck. He is a rancher.

Kildare Coot was introduced by artist Romano Scarpa. He is a very eccentric fourth cousin of Donald Duck.

Luke Goose (sometimes called Luke the Goose) is the father of Donald's cousin Gus Goose.

Gus Goose is Donald Duck's second cousin. He is the great-nephew of Grandma Duck. Gus eats a lot. His first appearance was in the 1939 animated short "Donald's Cousin Gus".

Goostave Gander is Gladstone Gander's father. In some early stories he is married to Matilda McDuck, Scrooge's sister. Carl Barks later had him married to Daphne Duck instead.

Gladstone Gander is Donald's cousin. He is the son of Goosetave and Daphne Gander.

Shamrock Gander is Gladstone's nephew.

Clyde is another nephew of Gladstone's.

This section contains a list of characters with the surname "Duck" who may or may not be related to Donald. As Don Rosa explained, "Duck" is an understandably common name in Duckburg (just as "Smith" or "Jones" are common in the real-life United States) and does not necessarily identify a blood relation of Donald.

0.0. Duck and Mata Harrier are a secret-agent duo.

April, May, and June Duck are the triplet nieces of Daisy Duck.

Belle Duck is a plus-sized, tall and elegant duck lady.

Daisy Duck is Donald's girlfriend. Huey, Dewey, and Louie sometimes call her "Aunt Daisy". It is unclear if she is their real aunt.

Darkwing Duck is the protagonist of a TV series named after him. He is most likely not related to Donald because "Darkwing Duck" is the character's superhero identity. His name in private life is Drake Mallard.

Dexter Duck, like Gladstone Gander, competes with Donald Duck to get Daisy Duck's attention.

Dickie Duck () was introduced as Goldie O'Gilt's granddaughter. But in the story "Paperetta e la leggenda del luna park" by Romano Scarpa she calls Huey, Dewey and Louie "cuginetti" (small/young cousins) and then "cugini" (cousins). This might mean that she and Donald's nephews share the same surname in English language because of a kinship.

Dimwitty Duck originally appears as an assistant of Donald Duck.

Hustler Duck is an obscure character that works as a marketing man.

Moby Duck appears to be a relative of Donald's. Their relationship is never specifically described. His name is a spoof of "Moby-Dick".

The identity of Huey, Dewey, and Louie's father is something of a mystery. The character does not appear in any stories.


Tetraplegia

Tetraplegia (or quadriplegia) is a condition in which a human loses use of all limbs and the torso. It usually affects both the ability to move and the use of the senses.

"Quadriplegia" is the common term in North America. "Tetraplegia" is the term in Europe.

Tetraplegia is caused by damage either to the brain or to the spinal cord at the level of the cervical vertebrae. People with an injury at the C1 vertebra may lose functions from the neck down. They may need a machine to breathe for them. People with injuries at the C7 vertebra may still be able to use their arms and hands.

Zapala

Zapala is a town in the Argentinian Neuquén Province. In 2010, 32,097 people lived there.

The dinosaur, "Zapalasaurus", lived there during the Early Cretaceous period

Cartier (jeweller)

Société Cartier makes and sells jewellery and watches. It was started in Paris, France in 1847 by Louis-François Cartier. The company is based in Paris.

Cartier has sold items to celebrities and royalty for many years. Edward VII said that Cartier is "the jeweller of kings and the king of jewellers". For his coronation in 1902, Edward VII ordered 27 tiaras from Cartier. He chose Cartier as a main provider to the royal family in 1904.

Neuquén

Neuquén () is the capital city of Neuquén Province, Argentina. It is at the confluence of the Limay and Neuquén rivers.

Air charter

Air charter is the business of renting whole aircraft (i.e., chartering) instead of buying tickets and reserving single seat. Air charter is regulated by law. While airlines sell places in seats, air charter companies focus on private wealthy customers, urgent cargo, air ambulance services and others. These air charter companies have a lot of different types of aircraft, such as helicopters and business jets. Charter jet categories include turbo props, light jets, mid-size jets, super mid-size jets, heavy jets, and airliners.


Court reporting

A court reporter or court stenographer, also called stenotype operator, shorthand reporter or law reporter, is a person whose occupation is to transcribe spoken or recorded speech into written form, using shorthand, machine shorthand or voice writing equipment to produce official transcripts of court hearings, depositions and other official proceedings. Court reporting companies primarily serve private law firms, local, state and federal government agencies, courts, trade associations, meeting planners and nonprofits.

Vilnius Old Town

The Old Town of Vilnius () is the historic part of the city of Vilnius, Lithuania. It is one of the largest and most beautiful medieval old towns in Europe. It has an area of 3.59 square kilometres (887 acres). The settlement became a town in the early 13th century. The old town is marked by narrow streets, old churches, museums and flower-decorated courtyards.

The central squares in the Old Town are the Cathedral Square and the Town Hall Square. In 1994 the Vilnius Old Town was included in the UNESCO World Heritage List.

There are more monuments of interest in the Old Town than in any other part of Vilnius; they include:




Edi Rama

Edvin "Edi" Rama (born 4 July 1964) is an Albanian politician, artist and writer. He is also the Prime Minister of Albania since 2013, and the leader of the Socialist Party of Albania since 2005. He was the Minister of Culture, Youth, and Sports from 1998 to 2000 and Mayor of Tirana from 2000 to 2011.

Tulancingo

Tulancingo, officially Tulancingo de Bravo, is a city in the state of Hidalgo in central Mexico. The city is in the Tulancingo Valley. It is from Mexico City and from Pachuca. It was founded by the Toltecs.

Amedeo Modigliani

Amedeo Modigliani (12 June 1884 – 24 January 1920) was an Italian painter and sculptor. Modigliani was born in Livorno. He spent his youth in Italy. From 1906, he was active in Paris, where he met other painters, such as Pablo Picasso and Constantin Brâncuși. Modigliani died from meningitis in Paris, at the age of 35. Today, he is mostly known for his artistic nudes, which were seen as scandalous at the time.

His works are on show at MoMA (New York City) and other museums.


Deaths in February 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in February 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Maurizio Arcieri

Maurizio Arcieri (30 April 1942 – 29 January 2015) was an Italian singer. He was formerly the leader of The New Dada. Recently he was a member of Krisma. Arcieri was born in Milan, Italy. He was very active during the 1970s.

Arcieri died of cancer in Varese, Italy, aged 72.


Carl Djerassi

Carl Djerassi (October 29, 1923 – January 30, 2015) was a Bulgarian-Austrian-American chemist, novelist, and playwright. He was best known for his work to develop a oral contraceptive pills and the use of physical methods in organic chemistry.


Geraldine McEwan

Geraldine McEwan (née McKeown; 9 May 1932 – 30 January 2015) was an English actress. McEwan was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play in 1998 for her performance in "The Chairs". She also won a BAFTA Award for her performance in the television serial "Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit" (1990). From 2004 to 2009 she appeared as Miss Marple, the Agatha Christie sleuth, for the series "Marple".


Old town

An old town of a city or town is its historic center or district. It is often the older town the newer parts were built around. It may also be an area built to resemble the older original town. Old towns usually have historical and architectural value that make them worth restoring. In Europe old towns are usually the medieval towns or villages that the newer city was built up around. Old towns may have cobblestone streets, old churches, and balconies hanging over narrow back streets. Because they are restrictive traffic traps many old town districts do not allow motor vehicles.

Ashraf Ghani

Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai (, , born February 12, 1949) was the President of Afghanistan. He was elected as the President of Afghanistan on 21 September 2014. He resigned on 15 August 2021 after going into exile when the Taliban captured Kabul and the Afghan government collapsed.

Ghani was born on February 12, 1949. On May 2, 2008, he made his first book, called . In 2011, he made another book, titled 

On 15 August 2021, Afghan officials said that Ghani had left the presidential palace that morning, and went to the US embassy and from there he left Afghanistan as the Taliban entered Kabul.

He is living in UAE (as of 2021's fourth quarter).


Gita Sahgal

Gita Sahgal (born 1956 / 1957) is a writer on the subjects of feminism and fundamentalism. She was the leader of Amnesty International's gender unit from 2003 to 2010.

Sahgal was born in Bombay in India. Her mother is writer Nayantara Sahgal. She was raised as a Hindu. In 1972 she moved to London. In London she studied at the School of Oriental and African Studies. In 1977 Sahgal went back to India. She moved back to England in 1983. 

In 1979 she started Southall Black Sisters with Pragna Patel. SBS is an organization that helps Asian and black women who are experiencing domestic violence, sexual violence, forced marriage, etc. She started Women Against Fundamentalism in 1989 with Patel, Clara Connolly, and Nira Yuval-Davis in response to the Rushdie affair. In 1992 Sahgal wrote in "Refusing Holy Orders: Women and Fundamentalism in Britain" and edited it with Yuval-Davis. In 2003 Sahgal became the head of Amnesty International's gender unit. In 2010 Sahgal was fired because she wrote an article for the "Sunday Times" criticising Amnesty's associations with Moazzam Begg. She left the organization. The Centre for Secular Space was started by Sahgal in 2011.

Sahgal is an atheist.

Anohana: The Flower We Saw That Day

The anime aired 11 episodes. It began airing on April 14, 2011 and ended on June 23, 2011. It was shown on Fuji Television's noitaminA block. It started as a serial novel by Mari Okada and appeared in Media Factory's "Da Vinci" magazine from March to July 2011. It was later adapted into a manga and it was illustrated by Mitsu Izumi. A visual novel for the PlayStation Portable was released in August 2012.

On August 31, 2013, an anime movie was released in Japanese theatres. A second anime movie is set to be released in 2015.


Emelie Öhrstig

Emelie Öhrstig, born 27 February 1978 in Borås, Sweden, is a Swedish cross-country skier and road racing cyclist. As a country skier she who won a gold medal during the 2005 Nordic World Ski Championships in Oberstdorf, Germany. She also won eleven additional victories up to 15 kilometers between 2002-2005. Her best individual finish in Turin during the 2006 Winter Olympics was 22nd in the women's individual sprint race.

In April 2006 she resigned as a member of the Piteå Elit SK team.

Origa

Olga Vital'evna Yakovleva (; 12 October 1970 – 17 January 2015), better known as Origa, was a Russian singer. She worked mostly in Japan from 1993 until her death. She was signed to the record label Gemmatika and sometimes worked with Yoko Kanno. She also released eleven albums and eight singles. She was most well known for singing the intro to the television series "Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex" and "Fantastic Children".

Origa was born in Kochenyovsky District, Novosibirsk Oblast.

Origa died from lung cancer on 17 January 2015 in Tokyo, aged 44.


José Manuel Lara Bosch

José Manuel Lara Bosch (8 March 1946 – 31 January 2015) was a Spanish media executive and businessman. He was the CEO of Grupo Planeta since 2003 and Atresmedia since 2012. Bosch was born in Barcelona, Spain.

Bosch died in Barcelona, Spain from pancreatic cancer, aged 68. He is survived by his wife of 40 years, Consuelo García Píriz and his four children.

Rocky Bridges

Everett Lamar "Rocky" Bridges (August 7, 1927 – January 27, 2015) was an American baseball utility infielder. He played in Major League Baseball from 1951 to 1961. He played for the Brooklyn Dodgers, Cincinnati Reds, and St. Louis Cardinals of the National League. He also played for the Washington Senators, Detroit Tigers, Cleveland Indians, and Los Angeles Angels of the American League.

Bridges was born in Refugio, Texas. He was married to Mary who died in 2008 and had four children.

Bridges died on January 27, 2015 in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, aged 87.

Tenkoko Sonoda

Sonoda was born in Tokyo. She was married to Sunao Sonoda until his death in 1984. She was also the stepmother of Hiroyuki Sonoda.

Sonoda died on 29 January 2015 in a Tokyo hospital. She was 96.

Suraj Abdurrahman

Suraj Alao Abdurrahman (9 September 1954 – 28 January 2015) was a Nigerian architect, engineer officer of the Nigerian Army. He served as Command Officer in Charge of the Armed Forces of Liberia (AFL) in Liberia. He was married and had four children.

Abdurrahman died of an illness in a hospital in New York, United States, aged 60.

Ronald Davison

Sir Ronald Keith Davison (born 16 November 1920; died 2 July 2015) was a New Zealand lawyer and judge. He was the tenth Chief Justice of New Zealand from 1978 to 1989.

We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together

"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" is a 2012 song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. Swift co-wrote the song with its producers Max Martin and Shellback. The song is about Swift being frustrated at her ex-lover wanting to fix their relationship. The song was the lead single from her album "Red".

"Rolling Stone" named this song the second best song of 2012.

The song hit #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Catherine Tizard

Dame Catherine Anne Tizard (née Maclean; 4 April 1931 – 31 October 2021) was a New Zealand politician. She served as the Mayor of Auckland City and the 16th Governor-General of New Zealand. She the first woman to hold either office.

Tizard died on 31 October 2021 in Auckland from a long-illness at the age of 90.


Paul Reeves

Sir Paul Alfred Reeves (6 December 193214 August 2011) was a New Zealand politician and archbishop. He was the Archbishop and Primate of New Zealand from 1980 to 1985 and the 15th Governor-General of New Zealand from 22 November 1985 to 20 November 1990. 

He was the first Chancellor of Auckland University of Technology.

In July 2011, Reeves announced that he had been diagnosed with cancer. He died of the disease in Auckland, New Zealand, aged 78.


Zulkifli Abdhir

Zulkifli Abdhir (5 October 1966 - 27 January 2015) was a Malaysian who was one of the FBI Most Wanted Terrorists. The Amercian FBI agency offered a USD 5 million reward for information leading to his capture. He was the maker of bombs delivered for usage to several terrorist groups. 

He was often referred to by the "nom de guerre" Marwan. He was suspected of being a leader of the Kumpulan Mujahidin Malaysia, being part of the central command of the Jemaah Islamiyah, and was hiding in Mindanao under the protection of the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters. 

Zulkifli Abdhir is thought to have possibly been killed in a recent PNP operation leading to militant clashes with the Philippine National Police.

Joe Rígoli

Jorge Rígoli (Jorge Alberto Rípoli; 5 November 1936 – 27 January 2015) was an Argentine comedian and actor. He was known for starring in the popular Argentine animated series "Un, dos, tres... responda otra vez". Rígoli was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Rígoli died in Mar del Plata, Argentina from heart failure after being in a medically induced coma after having high blood pressure. He was 78 years old.

Dennis Wilson

Dennis Carl Wilson (December 4, 1944 – December 28, 1983) was an American drummer, singer and songwriter. He is best known as being one of three brothers in the rock band, The Beach Boys. Wilson was a member from the beginning until he died in 1983.

The group made twenty-four studio albums. Wilson made one solo album, "Pacific Ocean Blue". It stayed popular with critics over the years.

Dennis was born in Inglewood, California. He was the only surfer of the group and he lived the beach lifestyle that the Beach Boys wrote about in their songs.

In 1968, Dennis Wilson met a musician, Charles Manson, who had a group of followers in a religious cult. His cult members were called "The Family". Wilson became very fond of Manson and his friends. They all moved into his home on Sunset Boulevard in west Los Angeles for a few months.

At first, Wilson was writing some songs with Manson, who could play a guitar. Thinking he had talent, he introduced him to a few friends in the music business, including Terry Melcher, (the son of Doris Day). But he soon became afraid of Manson's bad temper and violent behavior. So finally Wilson escaped by just moving out of his house and leaving Manson there.

Manson was actually a dangerous and mentally ill criminal. In 1969, with the help of "The Family", he murdered at least eight famous people in California.

On December 28, 1983, while partying soon after his 39th birthday, Wilson drowned at Marina del Rey in Los Angeles. He had been drinking alcohol all day and diving into the sea in the afternoon. He was buried at sea off the California coast by the U.S. Coast Guard on January 4, 1984. President Ronald Reagan allowed the burial.


Ekhlasuddin Ahmed

Ekhlasuddin Ahmed (also Ekhlas Uddin Ahmed; 15 December 1940 – 24 December 2014) was a Bangladeshi writer of Children's literature.

Ahmed was born in 1940 in the 24 Parganas district of West Bengal province. Ahmed was also a journalist and was associated with the Daily Janakantha. Among the awards he received is the "Kabir Chowdhury Children's Literary Award" of the Bangla Academy (2004).

Ekhlasuddin died at Square Hospital in Dhaka 24 December 2014 at age 74.


José Arias

José Arias (27 August 1922 – 7 January 2015) was a Spanish alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, Switzerland.

Tomás Bulat

Tomás Ariel Bulat (12 September 1964 – 31 January 2015) was an Argentine economist, journalist, writer, and professor. He was known for his report on channel A24. He wrote some books about the economy, some of those books are "La economía de tu vida" and "la Economía descubierta". Bulat was born in Buenos Aires.

Bulat died in Buenos Aires, Argentina after being killed in a car crash, aged 50.

George H. McKee

Lieutenant General George H. McKee (April 28, 1923 – January 6, 2015) was an American Air Force lieutenant general and command pilot. He was commander of Air Training Command with headquarters at Randolph Air Force Base, Texas.

Bonnie Christensen

Bonnie Christensen (January 23, 1951 – January 12, 2015) was an American author and illustrator. She best known for writing biographies and other illustrated non-fiction books for children and young adults. She was born in Saranac Lake, New York.

Christensen died of ovarian cancer in Williston, Vermont, aged 63.

Robert Adler

Robert Adler (December 4, 1913 – February 15, 2007) was an Austrian-born American inventor who held numerous patents. He was known for creating wireless remote control for televisions.

Adler died in a Boise, Idaho nursing home of heart failure at age 93 years old.


Utsunomiya Line

The is a railway line in Japan. It runs from Ueno station in Tokyo Prefecture to Utsunomiya Station in Tochigi Prefecture. It runs diagonally from south to north in Saitama Prefecture. It is owned and operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East Japan).

The colors of the cars are green and orange. It looks similar to the Takasaki line.
The maximum speed of this train is . It is possible to go to Kuroiso from Ueno in about an hour and a half.

The Takasaki line including local trains and rapid trains has about six standard-runs per hour in daytime. Sometimes the trains are crowded with students and company employees in major cities, for example Akabane, Urawa, Saitama-Shintoshin, Omiya, Hasuda, Kuki, Koga, Oyama, Utsunomiya, Nasu-Shiobara, Kuroiso.

Combination (mathematics)

In mathematics, combination is used for picking a number of objects from a given set of objects. Combinatorics looks at the number of possibilities to pick k objects from a set of n. It does not take into account the order in which these are picked. People talk about finding permutations if the order in which the objects are picked matters. This explains why there are more permutations than combinations. One combination, picking the objects 1,3, and 5 in the example can be done in the following ways: {1,3,5}, {1,5,3}, {3,1,5}, {3,5,1}, {5,1,3} and {5,3,1}.

In general, the number of combinations of k objects from n objects, written as formula_1 or formula_2, is equal to formula_3, where "!" stands for the factorial notation. This number is also known as the binomial coefficient.


George Hodgson

George Ritchie Hodgson (October 12, 1893 – May 1, 1983) was a Canadian swimmer. He was a freestyle swimmer.

Hodgson competed for Canada at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Sweden. He won two gold medals for Canada. He won the gold in the 400 m freestyle and in the 1500 m freestyle. Hodgson set Olympic and World records in the events. He retired immediately after.

He attended McGill University. He swam and played water polo there until he graduated in 1916. After he graduated, he joined the Royal Naval Air Service and served in World War I. He earned the United Kingdom’s Air Force Cross. He would then spend the rest of his life working as an investment broker at his firm in Montreal. He died in Montreal on May 1, 1983.

He was inducted into the Canadian Amateur Sports Hall of Fame in 1949, Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1955, International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1968, McGill Sports Hall of Fame in 1996, and the Quebec Swimming Federation Hall of Fame in 1998.


George Vernot

George Edward Vernot (February 27, 1901 – November 22, 1962) was a Canadian swimmer. He was a freestyle swimmer. 

Vernot competed for Canada at both the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp, Belgium and at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris, France. He won a silver and a bronze medal for Canada at the 1920 games. He won the silver in the 1500 m freestyle and the bronze in the 400 m freestyle.

He attended McGill University and studied civil engineering. He still competed in both amateur and intercollegiate swimming, as well as, water polo. He was chosen to compete for Canada at the 1924 Olympics, but he was eliminated in the semifinals for both the 1500 m freestyle and the 400 m freestyle events. In 1926, he graduated from McGill University and he decided to retire from swimming. After retiring, he worked for the City of Montreal and he became the chairman of the Board of Assessors in 1948. He died in Montreal on November 22, 1962. The city of Montreal named a park after him on April 10, 1969.


Victor Hambartsumian

Viktor Amazaspovich Ambartsumian (; 18 September 1908 - August 12, 1996) was an Armenian Soviet astrophysicist. He was one of the founders of theoretical astrophysics. Ambartsumian worked in the field of physics of stars and nebulae and stellar astronomy. He was the founder of the Byurakan Astrophysical Observatory. He was a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences (1953, corresponding member since 1939). He was also a member of the Armenian National Academy of Sciences and its president (1947-1993).


Grand Hotel Saltsjöbaden

The Grand Hotel Saltsjöbaden (officially: "Grand Hôtel Saltsjöbaden") is a hotel in Saltsjöbaden, Sweden. It was built on the initiative of Knut Agathon Wallenberg. The hotel was opened in 1893 by king Oscar II of Sweden. The hotel was owned by the Wallenberg family up to 1999, when it was purchased by Nordisk Renting who sold it in 2002 to Danish-Egptian hotelowner Enan Galaly's chain Helnan Hotels. On 20 December 1938, the Saltsjöbaden Agreement was signed inside the hotel.

Iquique

Iquique is a port town in northern Chile. It is the capital of Iquique Province and Tarapacá Region. In the 2012 census, the town had a population of 180,601.


Vargön

Vargön is a locality in Vänersborg Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,919 people lived there.

Boo, Sweden

Boo, sometimes referred to as "Saltsjö-Boo", is a locality in Nacka Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 24,052 people lived there. It was its own municipality until 1970, when it was incorporated into Nacka Municipality.

Nordkroken

Nordkroken is a locality in Vänersborg Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 423 people lived there.

Älta, Stockholm

Älta is a locality in Nacka Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 9,989 people lived there.

Hästhagen

Hästhagen is a locality in Nacka Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 499 people lived there.

Kil

Kil may refer to:


Kil, Nacka Municipality

Kil is a locality in Nacka Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 731 people lived there.

Fisksätra

Fisksätra is a locality in Nacka Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 7,475 people lived there. It was built during the 1970s. There are people from various nationalities living in the locality.

Aldo Ciccolini

Aldo Ciccolini (, 15 August 1925 – 1 February 2015), was an Italian-French pianist. He was born in Naples, Italy.

He taught at the Conservatoire de Paris from 1970 to 1988. His students included Akiko Ebi, Géry Moutier, Jean-Yves Thibaudet, Artur Pizarro, Nicholas Angelich, André Sayasov and Jean-Luc Kandyoti.

Ciccolini died at the age of 89 on 1 February 2015 at his home in Paris.

Federico Menabrea

Luigi Federico Menabrea (September 4, 1809 – May 24, 1896), later made Count Menabrea and Marquis of Valdora, was an Italian general, statesman, mathematician and diplomat.

Menabrea was born at Chambéry, then part of the Kingdom of Sardinia. He was educated at the University of Turin, where he qualified as an engineer and became a doctor of mathematics. In 1842 he wrote "Sketch of the Analytical Engine Invented by Charles Babbage, Esq.", a publication that influenced Ada Lovelace.

In 1848 he began his political career, and was elected deputy in the Parliament of Piedmont; later he was Minister of War and Foreign Minister. Menabrea fought the Second Italian War of Independence; in 1860 he became lieutenant-general and conducted the siege of Gaeta: after this battle, he was appointed senator and received the title of count.

Member of the "Historical Right", in the Kingdom of Italy he was Minister of the Navy from June 12, 1861 to March 3, 1862 and Minister of Public Works from December 8, 1862 to September 28, 1864.

Luigi Federico Menabrea became Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Italy October 27, 1867 and remained in power until December 14, 1869. His government is remembered for three things:


He was very strict in enforcing his laws: in fact he ordered to the General Raffaele Cadorna to suppress in the blood the popular uprisings.

His government fell because the two ministers withdrew their support. Menabrea was later ambassador to London and Paris. He died in Saint-Cassin.

Ann Mara

Ann Mara (June 18, 1929 – February 1, 2015) was an American businesswoman, socialite, and philanthropist. She was the widow of Wellington Mara, and the matriarch of the Mara family, which includes New York Giants CEO John Mara, and her granddaughters, actresses Rooney Mara and Kate Mara.

Mara died from pneumonia and from complications of a fall on February 1, 2015 in Rye, New York, aged 85.

Hog badger

The hog badger ("Arctonyx collaris") is a species of badger. They are found in central and southeast Asia. It is listed as near threatened.

It has medium-length brown hair, stocky body, white throat, two black stripes on face and a pink, pig-like snout. The head-and-body length is and it`s body weight is .

Its tail has long white hairs. Its front feet have white claws.

Hog badgers are common in Thailand and in tropical evergreen forests and grasslands of the Terai in north-eastern India. They appear in Indochina and in southern China.

Subspecies:

Division of Swan

The Division of Swan is an Australian electoral division located in Western Australia. The division is named after the Swan River.

It was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. Historically, the electorate was a country seat extending north to Dongara, east to Merredin and south to the coast. New boundaries created a smaller area east of the Darling Range. The old area became the new seat of Moore, while Swan moved to its present position.

It covers the suburbs of Ascot, Beckenham, Belmont, Bentley, Burswood, Cannington, Carlisle, Cloverdale, Como, East Cannington, East Victoria Park, Ferndale, Karawara, Kensington, Kewdale, Langford, Lathlain, Lynward, Manning, Queens Park, Redcliffe, Rivervale, Salter Point, St James, South Perth, Victoria Park, Waterford, Welshpool and Wilson.

Sir John Forrest had been the Premier of Western Australia. His death in 1918 led to a by-election in 1918. Kim Beazley served as a Minister in the Bob Hawke Government. He became Leader of the Opposition from 1996 to 2001, and from 2005 to 2006. He was also Deputy Prime Minister in 1995 and 1996. After retiring from politics he became the Australian Ambassador to the United States.


Nick Mason

Nick Mason (born 27 January 1944) is an English drummer.

Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania

Punxsutawney (; Lenape: Punkwsutènay) is a borough in Jefferson County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is northeast of Pittsburgh. It is most well known for the Groundhog Day tradition and "Punxsutawney Phil", the groundhog that resides there. 

Wabash River

The Wabash River (French: Ouabache) is a river in the Midwestern United States that flows southwest from northwest Ohio near Fort Recovery across northern Indiana to southern Illinois.

It forms the Illinois-Indiana border before draining into the Ohio River, of which it is the largest northern tributary. From the dam near Huntington, Indiana to its terminus at the Ohio River, the Wabash flows freely for .

Sakematsuri

Saijo Sake Festival is a sake festival held in Hiroshima prefecture in west Japan. Sake is Japan's traditional alcoholic drink. The sake festival is held yearly on the second Saturday and Sunday of October. Every year between 100,000 and 200,000 people attend the festival. 

Saijo is famous all over Japan for its sake. There are 10 breweries here. Sake has been made in Saijo since 1650. Visitors may walk from brewery to brewery sampling all the varieties of sake.

During the festival the road from the railway station to Chuo Park is lined with food booths. The park is divided into two sections, east and west. The events on the east side include more food, stages with performers and is free. The west side, called Sake Square, requires an admission ticket which costs 1,800 yen. 

Visitors can try any of over 900 different kinds of sake. On entry to this side, visitors receive a small saki cup they can refill as many times as they like.


Izumo no Okuni

She is from Izumo Taisha shrine in the late 16th century. She was a daughter of Sanemon Nakamura but it is not sure when she was born and died.

She started to dance Kagura-mai and Nenbutsu-odori (two traditional dances) in kimono in order to gather money for repairing Izumo Taisha. Although dance was holy at that time, Okuni went on stage in the highest fashion. She inserted a song and character of ghost on stage. It became popular because it was unique.

At first Okuni danced simple dances. Later, she danced with clothing of a man, and showed at the Kitano Tenmangutemple in 1603. This became the first kabuki. 

Okuni's troupe was exclusively female. Thus, she required her actresses to play both male and female roles. In particular, Okuni herself was best known for her roles as samurai and Christian priests. As her group gained fame, she was copied by many others, particularly brothels. They offered such shows to amuse wealthy clients, and get prostitutes who had marketable acting and singing skills. This new style of exclusively female groups became known as shibai, onnakabuki, (from onna, the Japanese word for "woman" or "girl") and Okuni kabuki.

In 1629, due to public outcry for moral reform, those under the shogun Tokugawa Iemitsu forbade women from performing in kabuki.

Karl H. Pribram

Karl H. Pribram (; ; February 25, 1919 – January 19, 2015) was an Austrian-born American neuroscientist and educator. He taught at Georgetown University, Yale University, Stanford University, and Radford University. He also did a lot of work on the meaning of the limbic system, the relationship of the frontal cortex to the limbic system, cortex discoveries of the parietal and temporal lobes, and the classical motor cortex of the human brain.

Pribram was born in Vienna to a Jewish Czechoslovakian father and an Indonesian mother. He attended school in Gstaad, Switzerland and in Indiana, United States. He was married and had five children.

Pribram died from cancer on January 19, 2015 in Virginia. He was 95.

Andriy Kuzmenko

Andriy "Kuzma" Kuzmenko (; 17 August 1968 – 2 February 2015) was a Ukrainian singer. He was best as the lead singer of the rock band Skryabin, founded in 1989.

Kuzmenko was born in Sambir, Lviv Oblast. He was married to Svetlana and had a daughter, Maria-Barbara, born in 1997.

Kuzmenko died in a car accident on 2 February 2015 in Lozuvatka, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, aged 46.

Swedish Cross-Country Skiing Championships

The Swedish Cross-Country Skiing Championships () were first held in Härnösand in 1910. It originally only featured men's competitions. Women's competitions were introduced in 1917.






County Offaly

County Offaly () is a county of Ireland. County Offaly is in the province of Leinster. It is named after the old kingdom of Uí Failghe. The population of County Offaly is 76,687 as of 2011.

The Central Statistics Office (CSO) estimates that the rise in population in 2006 had 2,026 natural people and 5,179 people who migrated from both Ireland and the world. 

In the 2011 census, 35.7% (27,378) were under the age of 25 and 11.6% (8,909) of people over the age of 65.

Midlands 103 broadcasts in Laois, Offaly and Westmeath is based in Tullamore.

There are a few local newspapers in County Offaly such as The Offaly Independent and the Tullamore Tribune. 

Kummelnäs

Kummelnäs is a locality in Nacka Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,848 people lived there.

Söråker

Söråker is a locality in Timrå Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,312 people lived there.

Bergeforsen

Bergeforsen is a locality in Timrå Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,563 people lived there.

Stavreviken

Stavreviken is a locality in Timrå Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 216 people lived there.

Billingsfors

Billingsfors is a locality in Bengtsfors Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,134 people lived there.

Vidja

Vidja is a locality in Huddinge Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 682 people lived there.

Parksidan

Parksidan is a locality in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 494 people lived there.

County Wexford

County Wexford () is a county in Ireland. County Wexford is in the province of Leinster. It is named after the county town of Wexford. The population of County Wexford is 145,320 as of 2011. 

Beaches in County Wexford were used to make the movie "Saving Private Ryan".

There is a great singing tradition in County Wexford, especially in traditional music, many of which are about the 1798 rebellion. 


As of 2011 62.1% of people in County Wexford live in rural areas. The remaining 37.9% live in urban areas. 34.3% of the population were under the age of 25 and 12.6% were over the age of 65. 87.9% of County Wexford said in the census that their religion was Roman Catholic. Another 4.2% said they had no religion. Between 2006 and 2011, the population of County Wexford rose by 10% (13,524) people.


Ytternäs och Vreta

Ytternäs och Vreta is a locality in Uppsala Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 636 people lived there.

County Laois

County Laois () is a county of Ireland. County Laois is in the province of Leinster. County Laois takes its name from the medieval kingdom of Loígis. The population of County Laois is 80,559 as of 2011. 

Oblasts of Ukraine

The Oblasts of Ukraine are primary administrative units in Ukraine. There are 24 oblasts in Ukraine. Every oblast is further split into raions.

Berehomet

Berehomet () is town in western Ukraine. The town is on the Siret River. As of 2001, 8,513 people lived in Berehomet.

Rafael Amaya

Rafael Amaya (born on February 28, 1977, Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico), is an Mexican actor and model. He is best known for his character Aurelio Casillas in the series "El Señor de los Cielos'."

Ahmed El Aash

Ahmed Mohamed El Aash (, born June 7, 1992) is an Egyptian football player. He plays as a Centre-back for Ismaily SC in the Egyptian Premier League. He also played for Egypt's national team for people under the age of 20 years.

Storvik

Storvik is a locality in Sandviken Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,165 people lived there.

Sorunda

Sorunda is a locality in Nynäshamn Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,307 people lived there.

Årsunda

Årsunda is a locality in Sandviken Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,008 people lived there.

Järbo

Järbo is a locality in Sandviken Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,801 people lived there.

Kungsgården

Kungsgården is a locality in Sandviken Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,033 people lived there.

Lidatorp och Klövsta

Lidatorp och Klövsta is a locality in Nynäshamn Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 340 people lived there.

Ösmo

Ösmo is a locality in Nynäshamn Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,911 people lived there. It has a station of the Nynäshamn line of the Stockholm commuter rail.

Stora Vika

Stora Vika is a locality in Nynäshamn Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 651 people lived there.

Charles Swenson

Charles Swenson is a producer and director. He worked with animated film for many years. In 1978 he joined Fred Wolf Films, who worked with the 1987 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles animated series.


Emélie

Emelie or Emélie is a feminine given name:



Ann-Louise

Ann-Louise is a double-name. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Simhadri

Simhadri is a 2003 action drama movie. It was released on 9 July 2003. It became the highest grossing Telugu language movie of 2003.

Alsike

Alsike is a locality in Knivsta Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,681 people lived there. Alsike is located circa 50 kilometers north of Stockholm and 25 kilometers away from the Arlanda Airport. Alsike is located on the Ingegerdsleden, which is a historic pilgrimage route between the Uppsala Cathedral and the Stockholm Cathedral. The Alsike Abbey is also located here. Alsike clover gets its common name from the settlement.

Alstermo

Alstermo is a locality in Uppvidinge Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 829 people lived there.

Annelöv

Annelöv is a locality in Landskrona Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 380 people lived there.

Moheda

Moheda is a locality in Alvesta Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,824 people lived there.

Bara

Bara is a locality in Svedala Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,444 people lived there.

Backa

Backa is a locality in Kungsbacka Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,547 people lived there.

Frillesås

Frillesås is a locality in Kungsbacka Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,044 people lived there.

Berghem

Berghem is a locality in Mark Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 360 people lived there.

Bergshamra

Bergshamra is a locality in Norrtälje Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 749 people lived there.

Bergvik

Bergvik is a locality in Söderhamn Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 834 people lived there.

Ljusne

Ljusne is a locality in Söderhamn Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,917 people lived there.

Bjursås

Bjursås is a locality in Falun Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,839 people liec tehre.

Bjärnum

Bjärnum is a locality in Hässleholm Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,674 people lived there.

Monty Oum

Monyreak "Monty" Oum (June 22, 1981 – February 1, 2015) was an American animator. He was known for his crossover fighting videos and worked for Rooster Teeth Productions to animate for "Red vs. Blue" and "RWBY". He began working for Rooster Teeth in 2005.

Oum was born in Providence, Rhode Island. He was of Cambodian, Vietnamese, Chinese and Japanese ancestry. He was married to Sheena Duquette. He died from an allergic reaction as a result of the surgery on February 1, 2015.

Emmaljunga

Emmaljunga is a locality in Hässleholm Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 262 people lived there. It lies on Highway 117. The highway directly Emmaljunga with Hässleholm in the south.

Björkvik

Björkvik is a locality in Katrineholm Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 492 people lived there. It is mostly a farming community interspersed by forests and lakes and some major estates dated back to the 17th century.

Bohus-Björkö

Bohus-Björkö is a locality in Öckerö Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,427 people lived there.

Bor, Sweden

Bor is a locality in Värnamo Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,256 people lived there.

Bredaryd

Bredaryd is a locality in Värnamo Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,466 people lived there.

Forsheda

Forsheda is a locality in Värnamo Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,459 people lived there.

Rydaholm

Rydaholm is a locality in Värnamo Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,474 people lived there.

Äsköping

Äsköping is a locality in Katrineholm Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 342 people lived there.

Burseryd

Burseryd is a locality in Gislaved Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 854 people lived there.

Anderstorp

Anderstorp is a locality in Gislaved Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,965 people lived there.

Skeppshult

Skeppshult is a locality in Gislaved Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. It is located nearthe Nissan River. In 2010, 365 people lived there.

Hestra

Hestra is a locality in Gislaved Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,306 people lived there.

Reftele

Reftele is a locality in Gislaved Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,282 people lived there.

Broaryd

Broaryd is a 171 acre locality in Gislaved Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 271 people lived there.

Buskhyttan

Buskhyttan is a locality in Nyköping Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 225 people lived there.

Dalarö

Dalarö is a locality in Haninge Municipality in Stockholm County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,199 people lived there. It is situated southeast of Stockholm and is part of Metropolitan Stockholm. It serves as a recreational summer resort for people from Stockholm.

Dannemora

Dannemora is a locality and old mining town in Östhammar Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 213 people lived there.

Ekängen

Ekängen is a locality in Linköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,037 people lived there.

List of Irish counties by area

The list below is a list of all the counties of Ireland by area. Counties in the Republic of Ireland are shown in normal type and counties in Northern Ireland are in italics.

Shark fin soup

Shark fin soup (or shark's fin soup) is a popular soup in Chinese cuisine. It is usually served at special occasions such as weddings and banquets. The shark fins provide texture, while the taste comes from the other soup ingredients. The soup was first mentioned centuries ago as a favorite of Chinese Emperors. The soup is expensive but it has a much higher environmental cost. About 70 million sharks a year are killed for their fins. Currently about 25% of sharks are threatened species.

Joe Nichols

Joseph Edward "Joe" Nichols (born November 26, 1976) is an American country music artist. Nichols was born and grew up in Rogers, Arkansas. His father played in a local country music band. As a teenager he played in a rock band and was also a disc jockey. He signed with Intersound Records in 1996 and released his first album the same year. He didn't have his first hit record until 2002, however. In 2003 Nichols was named "Top New Male Vocalist" by the Academy of Country Music. He also received two Grammy Award nominations and a third in 2004.





Ankarsrum

Ankarsrum is a locality in Västervik Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,254 people lived there.

Alby, Ånge

Alby is a locality in Ånge Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 367 people lived there.

Torpshammar

Torpshammar is a locality in Ånge Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 444 people lived there. It was founded in 1797 as an iron milling community.

Alster

Alster is a locality in Karlstad Municipality in Värmland County in Sweden. In 2010, 586 people lived there.

Östra Ljungby

Östra Ljungby is a locality in Klippan Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 935 people lived there.

Åsa, Kungsbacka

Åsa is a locality in Kungsbacka Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,369 people lied there.

Värmlandsbro

Värmlandsbro is a locality in Säffle Municipality in Värmland County in Sweden. In 2001, 501 people lived there.

Vik, Sweden

Vik is a locality in Simrishamn Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 319 people lived there.

Kivik

Kivik is a locality in Simrishamn Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 960 people lived there. It is in Österlen. Kivik is known for its annual market in July every year.

Vi

Vi is a locality on the island of Alnön in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 4,997 people lived there.

Valbo

Valbo is a locality in Gävle Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 7,065 people lived there. It is located southwest of Gävle. The Valbo shopping mall is located there.

Vagnhärad

Vagnhärad is a locality in Trosa Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,324 people lived there.

Knutby

Knutby is a locality in Uppsala Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 564 people lived there.

Malexander

Malexander is a minor locality in Boxholm Municipality in Sweden. it is wellknown for the 1999 Malexander Police Murders. The place is located close to the lake of Sommen. It has,a jetty where the steamboat "S/S Boxholm II" stops.

Svartsjö

Svartsjö is a smaller locality in Ekerö Municipality in Stockholm County in southeastern Sweden.

Ornäs

Ornäs is a locality in Borlänge Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,068 people lived there.

Lotorp

Lotorp is a locality in Finspång Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 701 people lived there.

Urshult

Urshult is a locality in Tingsryd Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 794 people lived there.

Unnaryd

Unnaryd is a locality in Hylte Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 759 people lived there.

Ulrika

Ulrika is a locality in Linköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 200 people lived there.

Tvååker

Tvååker is the second largest locality in Varberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,534 people lived there. It is located circa 15 kilometers southeast of Varberg.

Tystberga

Tystberga is a locality in Nyköping Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 828 people lived there.

Malmslätt

Malmslätt is a locality in Linköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 5,214 people lived there.

Enea Zuffi

Enea Zuffi was an Italian football player. He played as a forward in 21 games. He was born in Turin on 27 December 1891. In the 1912 Summer Olympics, he played for Italy. He died on 14 July 1968.


Vikingstad

Vikingstad is a locality in Linköping Municipality in, Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,096 people lived there.

Tofta

Tofta is a locality in Varberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 386 people lived there.

Tillberga

Tillberga is a locality in Västerås Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,180 people lived there.

Teckomatorp

Teckomatorp is a locality in Svalöv Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,651 people lived there.

Sörvik

Sörvik is a locality in Ludvika Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 743 peoplie lived there. It is located on the eastern shorelines of the Lake Väsman.

Säve

Säve is a locality in Göteborg Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 743 people lived there.

Sätila

Sätila is a locality in Mark Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,059 people lived there. It is located at the shorelines of lake Lygnern.

Särö

Särö is a locality in Kungsbacka Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,165 people lived there. It is located south of Gothenburg on the Särö peninsula.

Sysslebäck

Sysslebäck is a locality in Torsby Municipality in Värmland County in Sweden. In 2010, 527 people lived there.

Svartå

Svartå is a locality in Degerfors Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 495 people lived there.

Svartvik

Svartvik is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 949 people lived there.

Tunadal

Tunadal is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 360 people lived there.

Stockvik

Stockvik is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,359 people lived there.

Sund

Sunden is a locality in Trosa Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 329 people lived there.

Ställdalen

Ställdalen is a locality in Ljusnarsberg Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 539 people lived there.

Strömsholm

Strömsholm is a locality in Hallstahammar Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 664 people lived there.

Stjärnhov

Stjärnhov is a locality in Gnesta Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 549 people lived there.

Spjutsbygd

Spjutsbygd is a locality in Karlskrona Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2010, 383 people lived there.

Skånes-Fagerhult

Skånes-Fagerhult is a locality in Örkelljunga Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 856 people lived there.

Skog

Skog is a locality in Söderhamn Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 302 people lived there.

Sjösa

Sjösa is a locality in Nyköping Municipality in Södermanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 483 people lived there.

Sankt Olof

Sankt Olof is a locality in Simrishamn Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 624 people lived there. It is located northwest of Simrishamn. It is named after the church. The church is named after Olaf II of Norway. The place was originally called Lunkende.

Kälarne

Kälarne is a locality in Bräcke Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 451 people lived there.

Ryssby

Ryssby is a locality in Ljungby Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 707 people lived there. It is located at an altitude of 313 metres (1030 feet). Ryssby lies on the north end of the Ryssby Lake.

Otterbäcken

Otterbäcken is a locality in Gullspång Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. It is located on the shorelines of the lake Vänern. In 2010, 722 people lived there.

Norje

Norje is a locality in Sölvesborg Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2010, 657 people lived there. Starting in 1998, the rock/metal festival Sweden Rock Festival has been held there since then.

Mellbystrand

Mellbystrand is a locality in Laholm Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,619 people lived there.

Långshyttan

Långshyttan is a locality in Hedemora Municipalityin Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,671 people lived there.

Lysvik

Lysvik is a locality in Sunne Municipality in Värmland County in Sweden. In 2010, 341 people lived there.

Ljunghusen

Ljunghusen is a locality in Vellinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,555 people lived there. It is located west of Höllviken and east of Skanör-Falsterbo. The place is notable for its beaches and for its golf course.

Lindome

Lindome is a locality in Mölndal Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 13,830 people lived there (11,037 inhabitants in the locality in 2010). Swedish comic creator Rune Andreasson was born there in 1925.

Lima, Sweden

Lima is a locality in Malung-Sälen Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 398 people lived there.

Lima (disambiguation)

Lima may refer to:


Lenhovda

Lenhovda is a locality in Uppvidinge Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,744 people lived there.

Älghult

Älghult is a locality in Uppvidinge Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 446 people lived there.

Kovland

Kovland is a locality in Sundsvall Municipality in Västernorrland County in Sweden. In 2010, 486 people lived there.

Knäred

Knäred is a locality in Laholm Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,088 people lived there. The Treaty of Knäred was signed there in 1613.

Järvsö

Järvsö (), locally known as "Jarse" (), is a locality in Ljusdal Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,407 people lived there.

Jämtön

Jämtön is a locality in Luleå Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 237 people lived there.

Insjön

Insjön is a locality in Leksand Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,149 people lived there.

Hörvik

Hörvik is a locality in Sölvesborg Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2010, 784 people lived there.

Hästholmen

Hästholmen is a locality in Ödeshög Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 342 people lived there.

Hällevik

Hällevik is a locality in Sölvesborg Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2010, 813 people lived there.

Husby

Husby is a locality in Hedemora Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 256 people lived there.

Hybo

Hybo is a locality in Ljusdal Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2001, 241 people lived there.

Hoting

Hoting is a locality in Strömsund Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 667 people lived there. Hoting was mentioned in documents regarding the Sweden-Norway border rulings in 1273.

Holm

Holm is a locality in Halmstad Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 565 people lived there.

Harbo

Harbo is a locality in Heby Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 721 people lived there.

Hanaskog

Hanaskog is a locality in Östra Göinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,251 people lived there.

Hammenhög

Hammenhög is a locality in Simrishamn Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 908 people lived there.

Hammarby

Hammarby is a locality in Sandviken Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 552 people lived there.

Haga

Haga is a locality in Enköping Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 257 people lived there.

Hagby

Hagby is a locality in Kalmar Municipality in Kalmar County in Sweden. In 2010, 689 people lived there.

Hackås

Hackås is a locality in Berg Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 480 people lived there.

Götlunda

Götlunda is a locality in Arboga Municipality in Västmanland County in Sweden. In 2010, 270 people lived there.

Anand Shukla

Anand Shukla (15 January 1941 – 2 February 2015) was an Indian cricketer. He played first-class cricket for a number of teams in India from 1960 to 1978.

Frank Borghi

Frank Borghi (April 9, 1925 – February 3, 2015) was an American soccer player. He earned nine caps at goalkeeper for the United States national team. He played in the U.S. team's 1-0 victory over the hugely favored English in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.


Gerald Stern

Gerald Stern (February 22, 1925 - October 28, 2022) was an American poet, essayist and educator. He was the author of twenty collections of poetry and four books of essays. Stern taught literature and creative writing at Temple University, Indiana University of Pennsylvania, Raritan Valley Community College, and Iowa Writers' Workshop. 

From 2009, Stern was the distinguished poet-in-residence and a member of the faculty of Drew Universitys graduate program for a Master of Fine Arts (MFA) in poetry. In 2000, New Jersey Governor Christine Todd Whitman appointed Stern as the state's first poet laureate.

Stern's poetry was nominated for and honored with a number of awards. "Leaving Another Kingdom" (1990) was a finalist for the 1991 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry. "This Time: New and Selected Poems" (1998) won the National Book Award in 1998. "American Sonnets" (2002) was a finalist for the 2003 International Griffin Poetry Prize.

Praise for Stern's poetry came late in life. One reviewer called "Lucky Life", published when Stern was over 50, "a cornerstone in American poetry." He died in The Bronx, New York City when he was 97 years old.




Kay Kyser

James Kern "Kay" Kyser (June 18, 1905 – July 23, 1985) was an American bandleader and radio personality. He was known for being the bandleader of "Kollege of Musical Knowledge". Kyser was born in Rocky Mountain, North Carolina.

Kyser died in Chapel Hill, North Carolina from a heart attack at the age of 80.

WrestleMania 32

WrestleMania 32 was the thirty-second yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by WWE. It happened on April 3, 2016 at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas. It was the third WrestleMania to take place in Texas. WWE also hoped that WrestleMania 32 would break the record for people to show up at a wrestling event, aiming for 100,000 people at AT&T Stadium. At the event they said 101,763 people showed up at WrestleMania 32, breaking 1987's WrestleMania III's record of 93,173. However, wrestling expert Dave Meltzer said only 93,730 people showed up. This still would break WrestleMania III's record. But Meltzer adds that he believes the record was actually held by SummerSlam's (1992) 79,127 while only 78,000 actually showed up for WrestleMania III. Meltzer has also written that WWE would have said the attendance was higher than it actually was because they didn't want to let their fans down. 

Twelve matches took place at this event and at least two made history. Charlotte went into her match as the WWE Divas Champion, but became WWE Women's Champion at the end of the match and the Divas title has not existed since. After The Rock defeated Erick Rowan, ring announcer Lilian Garcia said that the match ended in six seconds, a WrestleMania record. The previous record was Kane versus Chavo Guerrero, Jr. from WrestleMania XXIV which lasted eleven seconds. 

Fandango, Damien Sandow, Shaquille O'Neil, Big Show, Viktor, Diamond Dallas Page, Konnor, Tatanka, Jack Swagger, R-Truth, Goldust, Curtis Axel, Adam Rose, Heath Slater, Tyler Breeze, Mark Henry, Bo Dallas and Darren Young were also in the Andre the Giant memorial battle royal and they were eliminated in that order.



Blood, Sweat &amp; Tears

Blood, Sweat & Tears is an American jazz fusion band. It formed in 1967.


Michel Rocard

Michel Rocard (; 23 August 1930 – 2 July 2016) was a French politician. He was a member of the Socialist Party (PS). He served as Prime Minister under François Mitterrand from 1988 to 1991.


Édouard Balladur

Édouard Balladur (; born 2 May 1929) is a French politician. He served as Prime Minister of France from 29 March 1993 to 10 May 1995.

Sergio Mattarella

Sergio Mattarella (; born 23 July 1941) is an Italian politician. He became the 12th President of Italy on 3 February 2015. He was a member of Parliament from 1983 to 2008, serving as Minister of Education from 1989 to 1990. He served as Minister of Defence from 1999 to 2001. Later, in 2011, he became a judge on the Constitutional Court. He was re-elected president in 2022, becoming the country's second president to be re-elected.

Hugo Banzer

Hugo Banzer Suárez (May 10, 1926 – May 5, 2002) was a Bolivian politician, military general, and dictator. He was the President of Bolivia. He held the Bolivian presidency twice: from 1971 to 1978, as a dictator; and then again from 1997 to his resignation in 2001.

Banzer was born in Concepción, Santa Cruz. He studied at the School of the Americas. Banzer died on May 5, 2002 in Santa Cruz, Bolivia from lung cancer, aged 75.


Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah

Sabah IV Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah GCB (Hon) (; 16 June 1929 – 29 September 2020) was the 5th Emir of Kuwait and the Commander of the Military of Kuwait. He was sworn in on 29 January 2006 after confirmation by the National Assembly of Kuwait.

In July 2020, Al-Sabah was hospitalized at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota and had surgery. He died on 29 September 2020, aged 91.

Saud of Saudi Arabia

Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (; ; 15 January 1902 – 23 February 1969) was King of Saudi Arabia from 1953 to 1964. His father was King Ibn Saud.

Faisal of Saudi Arabia

Faisal bin Abdulaziz Al Saud ( ""; 14 April 1906 – 25 March 1975) was King of Saudi Arabia from 1964 to 1975. He was born on April 14, 1906. He was the third son of Ibn Saud. He became king when his brother Saud resigned.

He was the Saudi foreign minister from 1930 and prime minister from 1954 until his death, except for a two-year break in both positions from 1960 to 1962.

On 25 March 1975, King Faisal was shot point-blank and killed by his half-brother's son, Faisal bin Musaid. Faisal was 68 years old.

Khalid of Saudi Arabia

Khalid bin Abdulaziz Al Saud ( ""; 13 February 1913 – 13 June 1982) was the King of Saudi Arabia from 1975 to 1982. He was the fourth ruler of the country.

Khalid died of a heart attack in Ta'if, Saudi Arabia, aged 69.

Go Set a Watchman

Go Set a Watchman is a book by Harper Lee. It was published on July 14, 2015 by HarperCollins in the United States and by Heinemann in the United Kingdom. It is a sequel to Lee's classic book "To Kill a Mockingbird". It was written before her published novel, "To Kill a Mockingbird". 

Peter Cosgrove

General (Australia) Sir Peter John Cosgrove, (born 28 July 1947) is a retired senior Australian Army officer. He was the 26th Governor-General of Australia from 2014 to 2019.


Frances Oldham Kelsey

Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey PhD MD (July 24, 1914 – August 7, 2015) was an Canadian-American pharmacologist. She was a reviewer for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). She refused to authorize thalidomide for market because she had concerns about the drug's safety.

Her concerns proved to be justified when it was proven that thalidomide caused serious birth defects. As a result of her blocking American approval of thalidomide, Kelsey was awarded the President's Award for Distinguished Federal Civilian Service by President John F. Kennedy, Kelsey retired from the FDA in 2005, at age 90, after 45 years of service.

Kelsey died at her daughter's home in London, Ontario at the age of 101.


Gardnar Mulloy

Gardnar Putnam "Gar" Mulloy (November 22, 1913 – November 14, 2016) was a former U.S. No. 1 tennis player primarily. He was known for playing in doubles matches with partner Billy Talbert. He was born in Washington, D.C.. Mulloy turned 100 in November 2013.

Mulloy died in Miami, Florida on November 14, 2016 from complications of a stroke, aged 102.

Richard L. Bare

Richard Leland Bare (August 12, 1913 – March 28, 2015) is an American director, producer, and screenwriter of television shows. He is known for directing some episodes of the "Twilight Zone" and nearly all of the episodes of the series "Green Acres".

Simon Ramo

Simon "Si" Ramo (May 7, 1913 – June 27, 2016) was an American physicist, engineer, business leader and author. He led development of microwave and missile technology and was sometimes known as the father of the intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). He also developed General Electric's electron microscope. He was born in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Ramo died on June 27, 2016 in Santa Monica, California at the age of 103.

Bobbi Kristina Brown

Bobbi Kristina Brown (March 4, 1993 – July 26, 2015) was an American television personality, heiress and singer. She was the daughter of singers Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown. Brown was born in Livingston, New Jersey.

On February 11, 2012, Brown's mother, Whitney Houston, accidentally drowned in a hotel bathtub.

Brown was found face down in her bath on 31 January 2015 having taken a mixture of drugs including marijuana, alcohol, benzoylecgonine (made from cocaine), benzodiazepine (a sedative) and morphine. She was placed into an induced coma, but did not recover. She died on 26 July 2015 of pneumonia caused by the overdose.

Joe Medicine Crow

Joseph Medicine Crow-High Bird (October 27, 1913 – April 3, 2016) was a Crow historian and author. He was also an enrolled member of the Crow Nation of Native Americans. 

His writings on Native American history and reservation culture are thought to be his best known works, but he was best known for his writings and lectures about the Battle of the Little Bighorn. He was a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the Bronze Star Medal, and the Légion d'honneur.

He was a founding member of the Traditional Circle of Indian Elders & Youth. He turned 100 in October 2013. He died in Billings, Montana on April 3, 2016 at the age of 102.

Toronto streetcar system

The Toronto streetcar system is a network of eleven streetcar routes in the Canadian city of Toronto, Ontario. It is by far the largest network of its kind in the Americas. It operates as part of the Toronto Transit Commission's public transport network, and shares a common fare system with buses and subway services.

Unlike modern light rail systems that are becoming more commonplace in North America, streetcars runs on city streets and call at frequent bus-type stops, where the passenger waits on the sidewalk for the next streetcar and pays his or her fare on board the vehicle. There are 685 of these stops, eight of which are shared with and connect to the subway system. The system mainly serves the downtown and waterfront areas of the city, and acts as feeder routes to the subway.

The system, which has been one of the longest in continuous operation, was opened in 1861 as a horse tramway. The system was bought by the Toronto Railway Company in 1891 and it was electrified in 1892. Vehicles run on of tracks with a non-standard gauge of and collect power from overhead lines at 600 V DC using trolley poles mounted on each streetcar.

More than 300,000 people ride the system on an average weekday, and about 100 million on an annual basis, making it among the busiest systems in the world.

Francisco María Oreamuno Bonilla

Francisco María Oreamuno Bonilla (4 October 1801, Cartago, Costa Rica - 23 May 1856) was head of state of Costa Rica from November to December 1844.

Bonilla studied law, but did not complete the course. He still worked as a lawyer, and was later a customs official, a judge, and a regional governor.

In 1843 he was elected to the Constituent Assembly. He was very quickly made Vice President, and was also president of the Congress.

In 1844 he became President and put in place the new Constitution drafted by the Assembly in March 1844. He was opposed by sectors of the Army, led by the military commander general of Costa Rica, General Pinto. After the coup failed, Bonilla removed Pinta from the army. 

He resigned in December, when the after the assembly refused to allow him to use force to settle problem between some of the provinces. His resignation was not accepted, but he was allowed to retire to his hometown. He was replaced on an interim basis by Rafael Mora Murillo and later by José Rafael Gallegos. 

He continued to serve as Vice President, and in 1856, brought in many laws and actions to try to control a cholera epidemic. He got cholera, and died on 23 May 1856.

Muath Al-Kasasbeh

Muath Safi Yousef Al-Kasasbeh (; May 29, 1988 – January 3, 2015) was a Jordanian pilot. He was imprisoned and burnt alive by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.

Al-Kasasbeh was a First Lieutenant in the Royal Jordanian Air Force. The plane he was piloting, an F-16 fighter jet, crashed after mechanical problems on December 24, 2014, though Islamic State claimed it shot his aircraft down. He was captured by Islamic State militants near Raqqa, Syria.

He was threatened with execution, but there were negotiations to release him. However, Islamic State decapitated his co-prisoner, Japanese journalist Kenji Goto, and subsequently burned Al-Kasasbeh to death while he was locked in a cage.

Sajida Mubarak Atrous al-Rishawi

Sajida Mubarak Atrous al-Rishawi ( born c. 1970-4 February 2015) was an Iraqi failed suicide bomber. She has been convicted in the November 9, 2005 Amman bombings in Jordan but survived when her explosive belt failed to detonate. Al-Qaida in Iraq claimed responsibility for the triple bombings that hit three hotels.

She was sentenced to death as a result of her involvement in the hotel suicide bombings. Jordan executed her on February 4, 2015 in response for the execution of Jordanian pilot Muath Al-Kasasbeh by the ISIS terrorist organization. Jordan had expressed willingness to swap al-Rishawi in exchange for the pilot's safe return, however the pilot had already been killed.

Walter Isaacson

