In Smith v. Allwright (1944), the court overturned the Grovey ruling. A majority of the justices decided that the Democratic party was more than a private organization. It was a part of the election process in Texas. For this reason the court said that it was unconstitutional to stop African Americans from voting in the Democratic primary.


Cindy Yang

Peng Hsin-yi (; 4 December 1990 – 21 April 2015), better known by her stage name Cindy Yang (Chinese: 楊又穎), was a Taiwanese actress and model. She was known for her appearances on "100% Entertainment" and the movie "First of May" (2015).

Yang was born in Taichung. She was the daughter of politician Peng Tso-kwei. She committed suicide by helium inhalation on 21 April 2015, aged 24. Her funeral was held on 24 April.

Ali Abu Mukhammad

Ali Abu Mukhammad (), also known as Ali Abu Muhammad al-Dagestani, born Aliaskhab Alibulatovich Kebekov (), was a Dagestani militant Islamist in Russia and the leader of the Caucasus Emirate following the death of inaugural leader Dokka Umarov. The United States Department of State added Kebekov to its list of Specially Designated Global Terrorists on March 25, 2015. 

On 19 April 2015, Ali Abu Mukhammad was killed by Russian security forces during special operations near Buynaksk.

Sixto Valencia Burgos

Sixto Valencia Burgos (March 28, 1934 – April 23, 2015) was a Mexican cartoon artist. He was born and died in Mexico City. He was best known for drawing famed Mexican cartoon character Memín Pinguín. He also worked as a cartoonist for "MAD" magazine.


M. H. Abrams

Meyer (Mike) Howard Abrams (July 23, 1912 – April 21, 2015), usually cited as M. H. Abrams, was an American literary critic. He was known for works on Romanticism, in particular his book "The Mirror and the Lamp". 

Abrams died in Ithaca, New York, aged 102.

Long Branch, New Jersey

Long Branch is a city in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the city's population was 31,667.

Aziz Asli

Aziz Aslimanesh (‎; 9 April 1938 – 23 April 2015), better known as Aziz Asli, was an Iranian football goalkeeper, manager, painter, and actor. He played for teams such as Persepolis F.C. and his country from the late 1940s until the early 1970s. He managed Zob Ahan Isfahan F.C. for a short time. He also acted in movies before the Islamic Revolution.

Asli was born in Tabriz. He was of Azerbaijani ancestry. He died on 23 April 2015 in Munich, Germany, aged 77.


Desert locust

The desert locust ("Schistocerca gregaria") is a species of locust. Plagues of desert locusts threaten agricultural production in Africa, the Middle East, and Asia. They have done so for centuries. The livelihood of one-tenth of the world’s human population may be affected by this voracious insect. The destructive swarms of locusts do not form every year, but only when conditions are right for them.

The desert locust is potentially the most dangerous of the locust pests because of the ability of swarms to fly rapidly across great distances. It has two to five generations per year. The last major desert locust upsurge in 2004–05 caused crop loss in West Africa and reduced food supply in the area. The desert locust alone is not responsible for famines, but it is a contributing factor.

The insect does not have complete metamorphosis. Its larvae develop in stages called "instars". As the larvae get closer to adulthood, they are called "nymphs" or "hoppers". There are two kinds of hopper: solitary and gregarious.

In the solitary phase the hoppers do not group together but move about independently. Their colouring in the later instars tends to be greenish or brownish to match the colour of the herbage. 

In the gregarious phase the hoppers bunch together and in the later instars develop a bold colouring with black markings on a yellow background. The immatures are pink and the mature adults are bright yellow and fly during the day in dense swarms. 

The change from a solitary insect to a voracious locust pack usually follows a period of drought, when rain falls at last, and vegetation flushes in desert locust breeding places. The population builds up rapidly and the competition for food increases. 

As hoppers get more crowded, the close physical contact causes the insects' hind legs to bump against one another. This stimulus triggers a cascade of metabolic changes which move the insects from the solitary to the gregarious phase. When the hoppers become gregarious, their colouration changes from largely green to yellow and black, and the adults change from brown to pink (immature) or yellow (mature). Their bodies become shorter, and they give off a pheromone that causes them to be attracted to each other. This causes swarm formation. 

Pierre Claude Nolin

Pierre Claude Nolin (October 30, 1950 – April 23, 2015) was a Canadian politician. He was the Speaker of the Senate from November 27, 2014 until his death. He was also Senator for De Salaberry, Quebec from June 18, 1993. He was a member of Conservative Party of Canada.

Nolin was born in Montreal, Quebec. He studied at the University of Ottawa. He married Camille Desjardins in 1976. They had three children.

Nolin died from cancer on April 23, 2015 in Ottawa, Ontario. He was 64.

Razan Zeitouneh

Razan Zaitouneh or Zeitunah () is a Syrian human rights lawyer and activist. She was born 29 April 1977. In March 2013, Zeitouneh received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. State Department. In December 2013, Zeitouneh disappeared in Syria.

Zaitouneh was part of the Syrian uprising. She documented human rights in Syria for the Local Coordination Committees of Syria. After the government accused her of being a foreign agent she went into hiding and her husband was arrested.

Zaitouneh finished law school in 1999. In 2001 started her work as lawyer, and she became a member of the team of lawyers for defense of political prisoners. In the same year, she was one of the founders of the Human Rights Association in Syria (HRAS). In 2005, Zaitouneh started SHRIL (the Syrian Human Rights Information Link), to report about human rights problems in Syria. In 2005, Zaitouneh became a member of the Committee to Support Families of Political Prisoners in Syria.

On 27 October 2011, Zaitouneh received the 2011 Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought, together with four other Arabs. In 2011, she also received the Anna Politkovskaya Award. In 2013, Zaitouneh received the International Women of Courage Award.

In December 2013, pro-opposition websites said that Zaitouneh was kidnapped along with her husband, Wael Hamadeh, and two colleagues, Samira Khalil and Nazem Hammadi, in the opposition-held town of Douma to the north of Damascus. As of 4 February 2014, their location was still unknown. The identity of the kidnappers was not certain, although they were suspected to be from the Islamist rebel group the Army of Islam.



Gideon Eilat

Gideon (Gidi) Eilat (17 January 1924 - 21 April 2015) was a German-born Israeli military person. He was a former member of the Palmach. He was the commander of the third battalion of the Yiftach Brigade during the War of Independence. His highest rank was that of lieutenant colonel ("sgan aluf").

He was active in the Kibbutz Artzi movement. Eilat was one of the founders of the Civil Guard of the Israel Police Department. He was also a member of Kibbutz Beit Alfa.

Eilat was born in Königsberg, Germany (now Kaliningrad, Russia). He was raised in Tel Aviv, Israel. Eilat died at a hospital in Beit Alfa, Israel at the age of 91.

Alpine, Texas

Alpine is a city in the state of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of Brewster County. About 6,035 people lived there in 2020.

Alpine was first named Osborn for the part of the railroad that it was near. From 1883 to 1888, Alpine was named Murphyville, for the owners of the land where the spring was that the railroad used to get water for its steam locomotives.

Sul Ross State University opened in Alpine in Summer of 1920. Big Bend National Park was started near Alpine on June 12, 1944. Both of these things forced people to move to Alpine.

Francis Tsai

Francis Tsai (April 14, 1967 – April 23, 2015) was an American comic book artist, illustrator, author and conceptual artist. He was of Taiwanese and Japanese ancestry. Tsai also contributed covers and interior art for Marvel Comics.

Tsai was from Honolulu, Hawaii.

Tsai provided interior artwork for a number of "Dungeons & Dragons" manuals for Wizards of the Coast, including "", "Monster Manual III", "d20 Future", "Races of Eberron", "Lost Empires of Faerûn", "Explorer's Handbook", "Tome of Magic: Pact, Shadow, and Truename Magic", "Power of Faerûn", and "d20 Future Tech".

He also worked on movies such as "Sucker Punch" and "TMNT - Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles".

In 2010, at the age of 42, Tsai was diagnosed with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig's Disease. He died April 23, 2015.


Robert P. Casey

Robert Patrick "Bob" Casey, Sr. (January 9, 1932 – May 30, 2000) was an American politician from Pennsylvania. A member of the Democratic Party, he served as the 42nd Governor of Pennsylvania from 1987 to 1995. He previously served as a state senator (1963–68) and Auditor General of Pennsylvania (1969–77).

Casey died at the age of 68 from a rare disease called amyloidosis in Scranton, Pennsylvania.

Richard Corliss

Richard Nelson Corliss (March 6, 1944 – April 23, 2015) was an American movie critic. He was one of several editors of "Time" magazine who focused on movies, with occasional articles on other subjects. He created the widely used term "Drop Dead Gorgeous" in 1985 when describing Michelle Pfeiffer's performance in the movie, "Into the Night".

Corliss died in New York City, New York from a stroke, aged 71.


Władysław Bartoszewski

Władysław Bartoszewski (February 19, 1922 in Warsaw – April 24, 2015 in Warsaw) was a Polish politician, social activist, journalist, writer, historian, former Auschwitz concentration camp prisoner, World War II Resistance fighter, Polish underground activist, participant of the Warsaw Uprising, twice the Minister of Foreign Affairs, chevalier of the Order of the White Eagle, and an honorary citizen of Israel and a member of the International Honorary Council of the European Academy of Diplomacy.

Peter Howell (actor)

Peter Howell (1919 – 20 April 2015) was an English actor. He was known for his appearances on "Emergency – Ward 10", "The Avengers", "The Prisoner", "Doctor Who", "The Lord of the Rings", and "Yes Minister".

Howell was born in London. He died after a short illness on 20 April 2015 in Northwood, aged 95/96.

Rex Robinson (actor)

Rex Robinson (1926 – April 2015) was a British actor. He was best known for appearing in three "Doctor Who" serials in the 1970s, all directed by Australian Lennie Mayne. He also appeared in television series such as "Z-Cars", "The Onedin Line", Within These Walls, "Terry and June", The Professionals, "Only Fools and Horses", and Yes Minister. He also appeared in the movie "" (1987).

Robinson was born in Derby, Derbyshire. He was married to actress Patricia Prior until his death. He died in April 2015, aged 89.

Lennie Mayne

Leonard Edward "Lennie" Mayne (8 November 1927 – 20 May 1977) was an Australian television director. He was best known for directing four "Doctor Who" serials, "The Curse of Peladon" (1972), "The Three Doctors" (1972), "The Monster of Peladon" (1974) and "The Hand of Fear" (1976). He also worked on television series such as Dr. Finlay's Casebook, "Warship" and "The Onedin Line". He was married to actress Frances Pidgeon, with whom he had twin daughters.

Mayne died by drowning in a sailing accident on the English Channel in May 1977.

His life is documented in the film, Looking For Lennie, which is featured on the Bluray release of the Doctor Who story, The Three Doctors.

Call of Duty: Black Ops III

Call of Duty: Black Ops III is a first-person shooter video game. The "Call of Duty" game was developed by Treyarch and published by Activision. The game was announced on April 9, 2015 and was fully revealed on April 26, 2015. It was released on November 6, 2015 on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Microsoft Windows and also on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.

Titan arum

The titan arum, "Amorphophallus titanum", is a flowering plant with the largest unbranched inflorescence in the world. 

The titan arum's inflorescence is not as large as that of the talipot palm, "Corypha umbraculifera", but the inflorescence of the talipot palm is branched rather than unbranched.

Due to its odor, which is like the smell of a decomposing animal, the titan arum is called a 'carrion flower', or 'corpse flower', or 'corpse plant'. For the same reason, the name 'corpse flower' is also used for the genus "Rafflesia" which, like the titan arum, grows in the rainforests of Sumatra. The function of the smell is to attract insect pollinators.

Both male and female flowers grow in the same inflorescence. The female flowers open first, and only lasts (or is "receptive") about 12 to 24 hours. Then a day or two following, the male flowers open. This usually prevents the flower from self-pollinating.

The popular name "titan arum" was invented by the broadcaster and naturalist Sir David Attenborough for his BBC series "The Private Life of Plants", in which the flowering and pollination of the plant were filmed for the first time. Attenborough felt that calling the plant "Amorphophallus" on a popular TV documentary would be inappropriate.

The record size is 3.1 m (10 ft 2.25 in) tall.

Talipot palm

Corypha umbraculifera, the talipot palm, is a species of palm native to eastern and southern India and Sri Lanka. It is also in Cambodia, Myanmar (Burma), Thailand and the Andaman Islands.

It is one of the largest palms in the world. Individuals have reached up to 25 m (82 ft) with stems up to 1.3 m (4.25 ft) in diameter. It is a fan palm (Arecaceae tribe Corypheae), with large leaves up to 5 m (16 ft) in diameter, with a leaf stem up to 4 m (13 ft), and up to 130 leaflets. 

The talipot palm bears the largest inflorescence of any plant, 6-8 m (20-26 ft) long, consisting of one to several million small flowers borne on a branched stalk at the top of the trunk. The talipot palm flowers only once, when it is 30 to 80 years old. It takes about a year for the fruit to mature, producing thousands of round, yellow-green fruit 3-4 cm (1.2-1.6 in) in diameter, each containing a single seed. The plant dies after fruiting.

Stand by Me Doraemon

Stand by Me Doraemon is a 2014 Japanese 3D animated movie, based on the popular manga and anime series Doraemon. It was released in Japan on August 8th, 2014.


Uherský Brod shooting

On 24 February 2015, a mass shooting happened at the restaurant in the town of Uherský Brod, Czech Republic. The gunman, 63-year-old Zdeněk Kovář, killed eight people and injured another. He was in the restaurant for around two hours ( 12:30 p.m.–14:23 p.m.) before the tactical team went into the building. After they entered the building, the gunman committed suicide (killed himself).

P-type semiconductor

A P-type semiconductor is a type of semiconductor. When a trivalent impurity (like Boron, Aluminum etc.) is added to an intrinsic or pure semiconductor (silicon or germanium), it is said to be a p-type semiconductor. Trivalent impurities such as boron (B), gallium (Ga), indium (In), aluminum (Al) etc. are called acceptor impurity. Ordinary semiconductors are made of materials that do not conduct (or carry) an electric current very well but are not highly resistant to doing so either, metalloids, such as Silicon (Si), Germanium (Ge), Arsenic (As), and a few other element commonly used for the main body of semiconductors. They fall halfway between conductors and insulators and so are called semiconductors. For an electric current to flow, electrons have to move through a material. In order to move, there must be an electron hole in the material for the electron to move into. A p-type semiconductor has more holes than electrons. This allows the current to flow along the material from hole to hole but only in one direction.

Semiconductors are most often made from silicon. Silicon is an element with four electrons in its outer shell. To make a p-type semiconductor, extra materials like boron or aluminum are added to the silicon. These materials have only three electrons in their outer shell. When the extra material replaces some of the silicon it leaves a hole where the fourth electron would have been if the semiconductor was pure silicon.

P-type semiconductors are doped with acceptors since they can accept electrons while N-type semiconductors are doped with donors since they 'donate' the free electrons. PN junctions such as diodes rely on the diffusion of electrons from N-type semiconductors to P-type semiconductors to function, only permitting current in one direction.

P-type semiconductors are made by doping the pure semiconductor material. The amount of impurity added is very small compared to the amount of semiconductor. The exact character of the semiconductor can be changed by varying the amount of dopant that is added. In p-type semiconductors the number of holes is much higher than that of thermally generated electrons.



Finger Plan

The Finger Plan () is an urban plan from 1947 which provides a strategy for the development of the Copenhagen metropolitan area in Denmark. According to the plan, all future development of Copenhagen would be along five 'fingers'. These grouped business areas would be near S-train commuter rail lines. The finger-line areas extend from the 'palm' which represents the dense urban area of central Copenhagen. Between the 'fingers', is land for agriculture and recreational use.

By the definition used in the Finger Plan, the metropolitan area has a population of 1,930,260 (1 October 2011). It has an area of over 34 municipalities.

In 2007 the Finger Plan was updated to the "Finger Plan 2007". This plan is written into the laws and is legally binding over Greater Copenhagen. The Finger Plan for 2007 does share the metropolitan area like this:


<br>

Mullumbimby

Mullumbimby is a town in New South Wales, Australia. It is sometimes called "The Biggest Little Town in Australia".

High Rock Lake

High Rock Lake is a reservoir lake located in Davidson and Rowan counties of North Carolina. It serves as a border between them. It is a reservoir for hydroelectric power generation. It is the northernmost of the Uwharrie Lakes. High Rock is the second largest lake in North Carolina after Lake Norman. Its water surface covers and there are of shoreline. High Rock Lake begins at the confluence of the Yadkin River and the South Yadkin River. The lake's name comes from nearby "High Rock Mountain", the tallest mountain in the Uwharrie Mountains. High Rock Lake is currently managed and operated by the Alcoa company.

Pee Dee River

The Pee Dee River, also called the Great Pee Dee River, is a river in North Carolina and South Carolina. It originates in the Appalachian Mountains in North Carolina. Its upper course, above the mouth of the Uwharrie River, is known as the Yadkin River. It has a number of dams for flood control and hydroelectric power. The lower part of the river is named Pee Dee (in colonial times written Pedee). It is named after the Native American Pee Dee people. The Pee Dee region of South Carolina was named after either the tribe or the river. The first Europeans believed to have navigated part of the river was a party sent by Lucas Vázquez de Ayllón in 1521. They named it "River of St. John the Baptist ()."

Savannah River

The Savannah River is a major river in the southeastern United States. It makes up most of the border between the states of South Carolina and Georgia. The Savannah River drainage basin extends into the southeastern side of the Appalachian Mountains just inside North Carolina. It is bounded by the Eastern Continental Divide. It is formed by the confluence of the Tugaloo River and the Seneca River. Today this confluence is under Lake Hartwell, a man-made reservoir. From Lake Hartwell to the Atlantic Ocean the Savannah River is long.

Two major cities are located along the Savannah River: Savannah, and Augusta, Georgia. They were the center of early English settlements during the Colonial period of American history. The Savannah River is tidal at Savannah. Downstream from there, the river widens into an estuary. Then it flows into the Atlantic Ocean. The area where the river's estuary meets the ocean is known as "Tybee Roads". The Intracoastal Waterway flows through a section of the Savannah River near the city of Savannah.

<br>

Dan Fredinburg

Daniel Paul Fredinburg (September 8, 1981 – April 25, 2015) was an American engineer and Google executive. He was a product manager and head of privacy at Google X. He was born in Mission Viejo, California. From January 2013 to February 2014, he dated actress Sophia Bush.

Fredinburg died on Mount Everest in an avalanche caused by the April 2015 Nepal earthquake. He was 33.

Sid Tepper

Sid Tepper (June 25, 1918 – April 24, 2015) was an American songwriter. He was best known for working with with Roy C. Bennett, which created several hits for Elvis Presley. Between 1945 and 1970, Tepper and Bennett published over 300 songs.

He died on April 24, 2015, at the age of 96.

George C. Young

George Cressler Young (né Jung; August 4, 1916 – April 24, 2015) was an American lawyer and judge. He was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida. Young was born in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Young was reassigned to the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida on October 29, 1962. He served as chief judge from 1973 to 1981 and assumed senior status on October 19, 1981. 

Young died of a heart attack in Orlando, Florida, aged 98.

Sabeen Mahmud

Sabeen Mahmud () was a Pakistani human rights activist and social NGO worker. She was the founder and director of the Karachi-based cafe The Second Floor (T2F) and president of the Karachi branch of TiE. 

On 24 April 2015, she was shot dead by unidentified gunmen in Karachi while on her way home after attending a seminar.

Rustum Ghazaleh

Rustum Ghazaleh () also transl. from Arabic as Rostom Ghazale, Rustom Ghazalah, Rustom Ghazali; 3 May 1953 – 24 April 2015) was a Syrian military and intelligence officer. On 24 July 2012, Ghazaleh was appointed chief of political security.

Ismail Hussain

Ismail Hussain (1 April 1950 – 24 April 2015) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Indian Parliament representing the Barpeta (Lok Sabha constituency) for the Indian National Congress party.

Jim Fanning

William James Fanning (September 14, 1927 – April 25, 2015) was an American catcher, manager and front office executive in Major League Baseball. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

He was the first general manager of the Montreal Expos of the National League (appointed in August 1968), he served the Expos in a number of capacities for almost 25 years. He served as their field manager in 1981. He guided Montreal into the playoffs for the only time in the 36-year history of the franchise.

Fanning died on April 25, 2015, at his home in London, Ontario, aged 87.

Anton Vratuša

Anton Vratuša, born Vratussa Antal (21 February 1915 – 30 July 2017) was a former politician and diplomat. He was Prime Minister of Slovenia and Yugoslavia's ambassador to the United Nations. Vratuša died on 30 July 2017 at the age of 102.

Alfonso Oiterong

Alfonso Rebochong Oiterong (October 9, 1924 – August 30, 1994) was a politician from Palau. He was the country's Vice-President from 1981 to 1985. He was President from 2 July to 25 October 1985.

Ken Birch

Kenneth Joseph "Ken" Birch (31 December 1933 – 24 April 2015) was an English footballer. He played as a right-half for Everton and Southampton. Later, he led Welsh club Bangor City to victory in the Welsh Cup in 1962. He played from the 1951 until after 1963.

Birch was born in Birkenhead, Cheshire. He died on 24 April 2015, aged 81.

Wang Guozhen

Wang Guozhen (; 22 June 1956 – 26 April 2015) was a Chinese poet and painter. He began writing in 1985, and publishing in 1990. He released at least ten poetry books between 1990 and his death, most notably "Top Modem Chinese Poem: Wang Guozhen's 80 Poems in English Verse".

Wang was born in Beijing. His ancestral home was in Xiamen, Fujian. He graduated from Jinan University in 1982.

Wang died from liver cancer on 26 April 2015 in Beijing, aged 59.


Arrondissements of the Gironde department

There are 6 arrondissements in the Gironde department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 6 arrondissements of Gironde are:

Since its creation, the Gironde department has had some changes:

Arrondissement of Arcachon

The arrondissement of Arcachon is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gironde "département". Its capital is the city of Arcachon.

The "arrondissement" of Arcachon was created on 6 December 2006, to begin on 1 January 2007, with four cantons taken from the "arrondissement" of Bordeaux.

The "arrondissement" of Arcachon is in southwestern Gironde, with an area of . It has 146,160 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Lesparre-Médoc, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Bordeaux, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Langon, to the south by the Landes department and to the west by the Atlantic Ocean ("Gulf of Biscay").

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Arcachon, there is only one canton where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Les Landes des Graves. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Arcachon has 17 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Blaye

The arrondissement of Blaye is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gironde "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Blaye.

When the Gironde department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Blaye was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Blaye is the smallest of the "arrondissements" of the Gironde department, with an area of . It is in northern part of the department and it has 88,115 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Blaye is bordered to the north and northeast by the Charente-Maritime department, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Libourne, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Bordeaux and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Lesparre-Médoc. The Gironde estuary is to northwest of the "arrondissement".

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Blaye, there are only two cantons: 


The "arrondissement" of Blaye has 63 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Bordeaux

The arrondissement of Bordeaux is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gironde "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital, and préfecture of the department, is the city of Bordeaux.

When the "arrondissements" of Gironde were created in 1800, Bordeaux was one of them in the Gironde department.

The "arrondissement" of Bordeaux is in the centre of the Gironde department and it has an area of , and a population of 921,668 inhabitants; its population density is of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Bordeaux is surrounded by other "arrondissements" of the department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" Blaye, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" Libourne, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" Langon, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" Arcachon and to the northwest by the "arrondissement" Lesparre-Médoc.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Bordeaux, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": L'Entre-deux-Mers and Le Sud-Médoc. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Bordeaux has 82 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:

Arrondissement of Langon

The arrondissement of Langon is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gironde "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Langon.

When the Gironde department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Langon was part of that original department, with the name of "Arrondissement of Bazas".

When the subprefecture was moved in 1926 from Bazas to Langon, the name of the arrondissement was changed to "Langon".

The "arrondissement" of Langon is in the southeast of Gironde, with an area of , the largest of the "arrondissements" of the department. It has 130,911 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Libourne, to the east by the Lot-et-Garonne department, to the south by the Landes department, to the west by the "arrondissements" of Arcachon and Bordeaux.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Langon, there are four cantons; only the canton of Le Sud-Gironde has all its "communes" in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Langon has 197 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:

Arrondissement of Lesparre-Médoc

The arrondissement of Lesparre-Médoc is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gironde "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Lesparre-Médoc.

When the Gironde department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Lesparre-Médoc was part of that original department, with the name of "Arrondissement of Lesparre".

The "arrondissement" was dissolved on September 1926 but it was again an "arrondissement" on June 1942 but with the name of "Arrondissement of Lesparre-Médoc".

The "arrondissement" of Lesparre-Médoc is in the northwest of Gironde, with an area of , the second largest, after the "arrondissement" of Langon, of the "arrondissements" of the department. It has 86,560 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Charente-Maritime department, to the east by the "arrondissements" of Blaye, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Bordeaux, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Arcachon and to the west by the Atlantic Ocean ("Gulf of Biscay").

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Lesparre-Médoc, there are only two cantons:


The "arrondissement" of Lesparre-Médoc has 50 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Libourne

The arrondissement of Libourne is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gironde "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Libourne.

When the Gironde department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Libourne was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Libourne is in the northeast of Gironde, with an area of . It has 152,602 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Charente-Maritime department, to the east by the Dordogne department, to the southeast by the Lot-et-Garonne department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Langon and to the west by the "arrondissements" of Bordeaux and Blaye.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Libourne, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Le Nord-Gironde and Le Réolais et Les Bastides. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Libourne has 129 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Bill Valentine

William Terry "Bill" Valentine, Jr. (November 21, 1932 - April 26, 2015) was an American professional baseball umpire. He worked in the American League from 1963 to 1968. Valentine was an umpire in the 1965 Major League Baseball All-Star Game. In his career, he umpired 947 Major League games.

Valentine died on April 26, 2015 in Little Rock, Arkansas, aged 82.

Tumbes

Tumbes is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Tumbes Region.

Piura

Piura is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Piura Region.

Sugar Land, Texas

Sugar Land is a city in Texas. It is in the big city area and Fort Bend County. It is one of the richest cities in Texas. It is growing quickly. It grew more than 40 percent from 2010 to 2020. As of the 2020 census, its population was 111,026. It is here that Miss Teen USA Katie Blair lived during her freshmen, sophomore and junior years. 

Sugar Land has a total area of 43 square miles.

Sugar Land has 111,026 people living there.


Chiclayo

Chiclayo is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Lambayeque Region. It has ten universities and six museums.

Trujillo

Trujillo is a city in Peru. It is the capital of La Libertad Region.

Huaraz

Huaraz is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Ancash Region.

Huacho

Huacho is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Lima Region.

Ica

Ica is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Ica Region.

Arequipa

Arequipa is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Arequipa Region.

Moquegua

Moquegua is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Moquegua Region.

Cajamarca

Cajamarca is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Cajamarca Region.

Huánuco

Huánuco is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Huánuco Region.

Cerro de Pasco

Cerro de Pasco is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Pasco Region.

Huancayo

Huancayo is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Junín Region.

Huancavelica

Huancavelica is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Huancavelica Region.

Ayacucho

Ayacucho is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Ayacucho Region.

Abancay

Abancay is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Apurímac Region.

Abancay is located at an elevation of above sea level in the southern Peruvian Andes, above the Pachachaca River, and straddles the Marino River.



Puno

Puno is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Puno Region.

Chachapoyas

Chachapoyas is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Amazonas Region.

Moyobamba

Moyobamba is a city in Peru. It is the capital of San Martín Region.

Pucallpa

Pucallpa is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Ucayali Region.

Puerto Maldonado

Puerto Maldonado is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Madre de Dios Region.

Brian Ferlin

Brian Ferlin (born June 3, 1992) is an American professional ice hockey right winger. He currently plays for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Ferlin played parts of 2 years with the Indiana Ice of the United States Hockey League (USHL) and parts of 3 years of college hockey with the Cornell University Big Red. Ferlin won the Greg Ratushny Award for most promising freshman.

He was drafted 121st overall by the Boston Bruins in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. On April 11, 2014, Ferlin signed a two-year entry-level contract with the Bruins. He began playing for their AHL-affiliate, the Providence Bruins.

On February 20, 2015, the Bruins called Ferlin up and he made his NHL debut in a 5-1 loss to the St. Louis Blues. On February 22, 2015, Ferlin recorded his first NHL point when he assisted a Gregory Campbell goal in a 6-2 win against the Chicago Blackhawks.


Jayson Megna

Jayson Megna (born February 1, 1990) is an American professional ice hockey center. He currently plays for the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League. He also played for Pittsburgh Penguins, Vancouver Canucks, and New York Rangers of the (NHL). He was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and grew up in Northbrook, Illinois.

Before playing in the NHL, Megna played 2 seasons with the Cedar Rapids RoughRiders of the United States Hockey League (USHL) and half a year of college hockey with the University of Nebraska Omaha Mavericks. During his time with the Mavericks, Megna was named to the WCHA All-Rookie Team.

He was not drafted but he signed a two-way contract with the Pittsburgh Penguins on August 1, 2012. He was sent down to play for their AHL-affiliate, the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins.

The Penguins called Megna up on October 24, 2013. Megna made his NH

L debut the next day in a 4-3 loss against the New York Islanders. On October 28, 2013, Megna recorded his first NHL point on a Tanner Glass goal and also scored his first NHL goal in a 3-1 win against the Carolina Hurricanes.

On July 10, 2014, the Penguins re-signed Megna to a one-year, two-way contract.

Mike Phillips (basketball)

Michael Charles "Mike" Phillips (March 24, 1956 – April 25, 2015) was an American basketball player. He played for teams such as Kentucky Wildcats and FC Barcelona between the 1970s and 1990.

Phillips was born in Akron, Ohio. He died after a fall at his home in Madisonville, Kentucky, aged 59.

Dickie Owen

Dickie Owen (26 March 1927 – 7 April 2015) was a British actor. He was known for his roles in "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", "Z-Cars", "Zulu", "The Curse of the Mummy's Tomb" and "The Mummy's Shroud". He acted between 1959 to 1968. He died at the age of 88.

Ira Lewis

Ira Lewis Metsky (August 27, 1932 – April 7, 2015) was an American actor, writer, and playwright. He was best known for his one-act play, "Chinese Coffee", which opened at the Circle in the Square Theatre in 1992, starring Al Pacino. A movie adaptation of "Chinese Coffee", also starring Pacino, as well as Jerry Orbach, was released in 2000. His career started in 1955, and ended in 2004.

Lewis was born in Newark, New Jersey. He died from problems caused by open heart surgery in Edison, aged 82. At the time of his death, he was living in Westfield.

Vivian Nathan

Vivian Nathan (born Vivian Firko; October 26, 1916 – April 3, 2015) was an American actress. She was an original and founding member of the Actors Studio, which opened in 1947. She served on the Actors Studio's board of directors until 1999. She appeared in the original Broadway debut productions of "The Rose Tattoo" (1951) and "Camino Real" (1953). Her movie credits included "Klute" (1971).

Nathan was born in New York City, New York. Her husband, Nathan Schwalb, died in 2000 after 50 years of marriage.

Nathan died on April 3, 2015 in Englewood, New Jersey, aged 98.

Dishwashing liquid

Dishwashing liquid is liquid detergent. It is used for washing dishes. It is designed not to hurt people's skin while they are washing dishes. This liquid is useful for cleaning oil because dishwashing liquid reduces the surface tension of oil and, when washed with water, the oil can be washed away. It is also used to clean sea birds if they get covered in oil after a spill.

The main chemical in dishwashing liquid is phosphate.

Masudur Rahman Baidya

Masudur Rahman Baidya (1968 – 26 April 2015) was an Indian swimmer. He was the world's first physically handicapped swimmer to swim across the English Channel (1997), the Strait of Gibraltar (2001), and the Palk Strait (2010). He was a double amputee below the knees.

Baidya was born in Ballabhpur, North 24 Parganas, West Bengal. He has married and had two daughters.

Baidya died from a heart attack on 26 April 2015 in Kolkata, aged 46.

Catherine Bach

Catherine Bach (born March 1 1954) is an American actress. She acted as Daisy Duke in "The Dukes of Hazzard". She also played Linda in "Murder in Peyton Place".

She was born in Warren, Ohio.

Gordon Moyes

Gordon Keith Mackenzie Moyes (17 November 1938 – 5 April 2015) was an Australian Christian evangelist, broadcaster and politician. From 3 September 2002 to 4 March 2011, he was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council, first for the Christian Democratic Party until March 2009. From November 2009, he was the Family First Party's only parliamentary representative in New South Wales.

Moyes was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He was married and had four children.

Moyes died on 5 April 2015 in Sydney, aged 76.

Christine Stewart

Christine Susan Stewart (January 3, 1941 – April 25, 2015) was a Canadian politician for the Liberal Party of Canada. She was member of the Canadian Parliament for Northumberland from 1988 to 2000. She was also the Minister of the Environment during the government of Jean Chrétien from 1997 to 1999.

Stewart was born in Hamilton, Ontario. She was also a nurse and graduated from the University of Toronto.

Stewart died on April 25, 2015 in Cobourg, aged 74.

Hojatollah Khatib

Hojatollah Khatib (‎; 1954 – 26 April 2015) was an Iranian sports administrator. He was the chairman of multisport club Persepolis Athletic and Cultural Club based in Tehran between July 2004 and December 2005. He was also a wrestling president. He died from cancer in Tehran, aged 61.

Izatullo Khayoyev

Izatullo Khayoyev (; 22 June 1936 – 26 April 2015) was a Tajik politician. He was the Vice-President of Tajikistan between December 1990 and 25 June 1991 and Prime Minister of Tajikistan between 25 June 1991 and 9 January 1992. He served as Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic from 4 January 1986 until 6 December 1990.

Khayoyev died on 26 April 2015 in Dushanbe, aged 78.

Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube

Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube (or Macaé E.F.C.) is a football club which plays in Brazil.



Bill Farmer

William "Bill" Farmer (born November 14, 1952) is an American voice actor, comedian and impressionist. He is best known for being the current voice of the Disney character Goofy, since 1986. He also voices Pluto, Horace Horsecollar and many other Disney characters. He was born in Pratt, Kansas. At age 10 he was already doing voice impressions. While in college he worked in radio and television. He worked as a stand-up comedian. In late 1986 he was one of hundreds of voice actors competing for a few roles at Disney studios. He got the voice acting job for Goofy, one of his favorite characters growing up. He has been the voice of Goofy ever since. In 2009 Farmer was named a Disney Legend.

Marcel Pronovost

Joseph Rene Marcel Pronovost (June 15, 1930 – April 26, 2015) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and coach. He played in 1,206 games over 20 National Hockey League (NHL) seasons and for the Detroit Red Wings and Toronto Maple Leafs between 1950 and 1970.

Pronovost died on April 26, 2015, after a brief illness, aged 84.


Don Mankiewicz

Don Martin Mankiewicz (January 20, 1922 – April 25, 2015) was an American screenwriter and novelist. He was born in Berlin, Germany. He was the son of Sara (Aaronson) and the screenwriter Herman J. Mankiewicz. His 1955 novel "Trial" won the Harper Prize and was made into a movie of the same name.

Mankiewicz died of congestive heart failure in Monrovia, California, aged 93.

Émile Bouchard

Joseph Émile Alcide "Butch" Bouchard, CM, CQ (September 4, 1919 – April 14, 2012) was a Canadian ice hockey player who played defence with the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League from 1941 to 1956. He is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame, won four Stanley Cups, was captain of the Canadiens for eight years and was voted to the NHL All-Star Team four times.


Henri Richard

Joseph Henri Richard (February 29, 1936 – March 6, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played centre with the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1955 to 1975.

Richard died on March 6, 2020 in Laval, Quebec of Alzheimer's disease-related problems, aged 84. After his death, his son sent his brain to be studied. Doctors said that Richard had Stage 3 chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE).

Inês Etienne Romeu

Inês Etienne Romeu (1942 – April 27, 2015) was a Brazilian political prisoner. She was held in extrajudicial detention in a Brazilian torture camp in the early 1970s. Romeu has been described as the sole captive to survive the camp. 

Romeu died in Niterói, Brazil at the age of 72.

Larry Langford

Larry Paul Langford (March 17, 1946 – January 8, 2019) was an American politician and convicted criminal. He was the mayor of the city of Birmingham, Alabama serving from 2007 to 2009. He was serving a 15-year federal felony sentence at the time of his death.

He previously served on the Jefferson County, Alabama, Commission, including four years as the first African-American commission president. He also served as mayor of Fairfield, Alabama, and served one term on the Birmingham City Council.

Langford was a well-known television personality, having worked for then-local ABC affiliate, WBRC TV as the community's first African-American TV news reporter. In 2010, Langford began serving a 15-year federal felony sentence, the result of a highly publicized public corruption trial in Tuscaloosa, Alabama.

On April 27, 2015, Langford transported from his prison in Ashland, Kentucky to a hospital due to a case of pneumonia. Langford was rejected for an early release after describing himself as "terminally-ill".

He was granted compassionate release from prison in December 2018 due to his failing health and was hospitalized for respiratory failure and pneumonia in Birmingham. Langford died on January 8, 2019 at the hospital in Birmingham from complications of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, aged 72.


Logistic regression

Logistic regression, also known as "logit regression" or "logit model", is a mathematical model used in statistics to estimate (guess) the probability of an event occurring having been given some previous data. Logistic regression works with binary data, where either the event happens (1) or the event does not happen (0). So given some feature x it tries to find out whether some event y happens or not. So y can either be 0 or 1. In the case where the event happens, y is given the value 1. If the event does not happen, then y is given the value of 0. For example, if y represents whether a sports team wins a match, then y will be 1 if they win the match or y will be 0 if they do not. This is known as "binomial logistic regression". There is also another form of logistic regression which uses multiple values for the variable y. This form of logistic regression is known as "multinomial logistic regression".

Logistic regression uses the logistic function to find a model that fits with the data points. The function gives an 'S' shaped curve to model the data. The curve is restricted between 0 and 1, so it is easy to apply when y is binary. Logistic regression can then model events better than linear regression, as it shows the probability for y being 1 for a given x value. Logistic regression is used in statistics and machine learning to predict values of an input from previous test data.

Logistic regression is an alternative method to use other than the simpler linear regression. Linear regression tries to predict the data by finding a linear – straight line – equation to model or predict future data points. Logistic regression does not look at the relationship between the two variables as a straight line. Instead, Logistic regression uses the natural logarithm function to find the relationship between the variables and uses test data to find the coefficients. The function can then predict the future results using these coefficients in the logistic equation.

Logistic regression uses the concept of odds ratios to calculate the probability. This is defined as the ratio of the odds of an event happening to its not happening. For example, the probability of a sports team to win a certain match might be 0.75. The probability for that team to lose would be 1 – 0.75 = 0.25. The odds for that team winning would be 0.75/0.25 = 3. This can be said as the odds of the team winning are 3 to 1.

The odds can be defined as:

formula_1

The natural logarithm of the odds ratio is then taken in order to create the logistic equation. The new equation is known as the logit:

formula_2

In Logistic regression the logit of the probability is said to be linear with respect to x, so the logit becomes:

formula_3

Using the two equations together then gives the following:

formula_4

This then leads to the probability:

formula_5 

This final equation is the logistic curve for Logistic regression. It models the non-linear relationship between x and y with an ‘S’-like curve for the probabilities that y =1 - that event the y occurs. In this example a and b represent the gradients for the logistic function just like in linear regression. The logit equation can then be expanded to handle multiple gradients. This gives more freedom with how the logistic curve matches the data. The multiplication of two vectors can then be used to model more gradient values and give the following equation:

formula_6

In this equation w = [ w , w , w , ... , w ] and represents the n gradients for the equation. The powers of x are given by the vector x = [ 1 , x , x , .. , x ] . These two vectors give the new logit equation with multiple gradients. The logistic equation then can then be changed to show this:

formula_7

This is then a more general logistic equation allowing for more gradient values.


Mary Jane Veloso

Mary Jane Veloso (born 1984/85) is a Filipino maid. She was arrested and sentenced to death for apparently smuggling 2.6 kg of heroin into Indonesia. She was denied a pardon many times. She also said that she was innocent, and worked in Malaysia and Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

Veloso was born in Nueva Ecija, Luzon. She was also once married and has two children.

Princess Charlotte of Wales (born 2015)

Princess Charlotte of Wales (Charlotte Elizabeth Diana; born 2 May 2015) is a member of the British royal family. She is the daughter of William, Prince of Wales, and Catherine, Princess of Wales. She is a granddaughter of King Charles III. She is a great-granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II. She was born at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, London. 

She is the third in line to succeed King Charles III after her fathe, and older brother. She is the first member of the royal family born after the change to the law on 26 March 2015, which removed gender from consideration in succession. This means she is higher in the line of succession than her younger brother, Prince Louis. This is the first time a female has been in that position.


Andrew Lesnie

Andrew Lesnie (1 January 1956 – 27 April 2015) was an Australian movie cinematographer. He was best known as the cinematographer for "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy (2001–2003) and its prequel "The Hobbit" trilogy (2012–2014), both directed by New Zealand director Peter Jackson. He received the Academy Award for Best Cinematography for his work on "" in 2002. He also worked on "I Am Legend" (2007) and "The Water Diviner" (2014).

Lesnie was born in Sydney, New South Wales. He died from a heart attack on 27 April 2015 in Sydney, aged 59.

Tommy Shane Steiner

Tommy Shane Steiner (born October 9, 1973 in Austin, Texas) is an American country music artist. He made his in 2001 with the single "What If She's an Angel". The song reached No. 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts. It was the first of three chart singles from his singular album "Then Came the Night" which was released in 2002. The album peaked at No. 6 on the Country Albums chart.




Environmental migration

Environmental migration is a form of migration which happens because the environment changes where people live. These changes can be sudden (such as floods, droughts, earthquakes or volcanic eruptions), or they can happen over longer periods of time. An example of changes that occur only slowly are those of desertification or the rise of the sea level. 

People migrate due to the changes in their environment, and the find a new home. Did you know that Chinese people just migrated when there was the Coronavirus in China.

Despite problems in formulating a uniform and clear-cut definition of environmental migration, such a concept has increased as an issue of concern in the 2000s as policy-makers, environmental and social scientists attempt to conceptualize the potential societal effects of climate change and general environmental degradation. "Unless it is assumed" in order to consider a person a climate refugee, nature or the environment could be considered the persecutor.

Economic migration

Sometimes people move to a different county or region, because they think that they are economically better off. Economic migration happens for different reasons, for example:

Ms. Jackson

"Ms. Jackson" is a song by American alternative hip hop duo Outkast. The song was released on October 24, 2000. It was the second single on their fourth studio album "Stankonia". During an interview with "Vibe", André 3000 said about creating the song: "'Ms. Jackson' was an acoustic guitar song that I was doing at home. Then I just converted it over into something people could understand a little bit more."

On the "Billboard" charts, "Ms. Jackson" peaked at #1 on Hot 100, #1 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, and at #13 on the Mainstream Top 40 charts.

The song won Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the 44th Grammy Awards.

Keith Harris (ventriloquist)

Keith Shenton Harris (21 September 1947 – 28 April 2015) was an English ventriloquist.

Harris was best known for his television show (which ran between 1982 and 1990), audio recordings, and club appearances with his puppets Orville the Duck and Cuddles the Monkey. He had a UK Top 10 hit single in 1982 with "Orville's Song". He appeared in "When Louis Met..." with Louis Theroux. He won the second series of "The Farm" in 2005.

Harris was born in Lyndhurst, Hampshire. He was raised in Blacon, Cheshire. He was married four times and had three children.

Harris died from cancer of the spleen on 28 April 2015 in Blackpool, Lancashire, aged 67.


S-train

The S-train (, ) is an urban rail network which serves Copenhagen, Denmark and the surrounding area. It connects the city center to its suburbs. The railway they use is called S-banen (The S-track). The S-train is operated by DSB. The S-track has a length of about . There are 84 Railway stations, where 32 of the stations are in the central area. 

On weekdays all stations are served at least every 10 minutes until the evening. There are six main lines. There is one peak hour support line. Since most lines use the same path through the city core, train departures every second minute. On most suburb lines trains depart every five minutes. On Sundays these time intervals are doubled. Most trains have 8 cars but more can be added as needed. There are a total of 120 8-car trains.

Princess Gabriella, Countess of Carladès

Princess Gabriella of Monaco, Countess of Carladès ("Gabriella Thérèse Marie"; born 10 December 2014), is the twin daughter of Prince Albert II and Princess Charlene. She is second in line to the throne of Monaco. She was born at The Princess Grace Hospital Centre in Monaco. She was born two minutes before her twin brother, Hereditary Prince Jacques. She was granted the title Countess of Carladès by her father.


Templers (religious believers)

Templers are members of the Temple Society (). It is a German Protestant sect. Their roots are in the Pietist movement of the Lutheran Church. The Templers were expelled from the church in 1858. This was because of their millennial beliefs. Their aim was to realize the apocalyptic visions of the prophets of Israel in the Holy Land.

Christoph Hoffmann founded the Temple society in 1861. He had 60 followers when they left the Wuerttemberg state (Lutheran) church. Hoffmann believed his calling was to build Christian communities in the Holy land. They founded Templer communities at Haifa (1869), Sarona (1871) and Rephaim near Jerusalem (1873).

Capitalist Party

The Capitalist Party (Norwegian: "Liberalistene") is a political party in Norway that believes in Classical Liberalism. This platform pushes for a minimal government, personal liberty, and a free market.

Briard

The Briard (or Berger de Brie, Shepherd (dog) from Brie) is a French kind of dog. Originally, the Briard was used for herding livestock. The Briard is an old race of dogs, which is mentioned in a manuscript of the 14th century (about hunting). The Briards exist in different colors, the most common ones are pale brown and black. The Briard is a long-haired breed of dog; the short-haired Beauceron is probably the same race. The Briard is a working dog breed; it has also been used as a search-and-rescue dog, and in certain roles as a therapy dog, for example to help people with certain conditions, such as those with Post-traumatic stress disorder.

ARCNET

Attached Resource Computer NETwork (abbreviated ARCNET or ARCnet) is a communications protocol for local area networks. ARCNET was the first widely available networking system for microcomputers; it became popular in the 1980s for office automation tasks. It was later applied to embedded systems where certain features of the protocol are especially useful. It was first used in 1977. Arcnet uses a star-like topology, which is much easier to build and maintain than the bus topologies of other protocols developed later, such asEthernet. Original arcnet used coaxial cables, and a token-passing mechanism, much like token ring. At about 20 MBit/s maximum speed, ARCnet is much slower than other network protocols, such as ethernet. Because of its token-passing mechanisms, there are no collisions between packets. This makes it suitable for certain industrial applications, as well as for ohme automation, where it is still used.

Suzanne Crough

Suzanne J. Crough (March 6, 1963 – April 27, 2015) was an American actress best known for her role as Tracy Partridge, from the hit television sitcom "The Partridge Family", which ran from September 25, 1970 until March 23, 1974.

Crough was born in Fullerton, California. She was married and had two daughters.

Crough died on April 27, 2015 at her home in Laughlin, Nevada from cardiomyopathy, aged 52.

Candice Swanepoel

Candice Susan Swanepoel is a South African model.

In 2010, Swanepoel became a Victoria's Secret Angel. In 2013, she wore the "Royal Fantasy Bra", a multi-million dollar bra, during their annual fashion show.

Airbus A320neo family

The Airbus A320neo family is a new family of the Airbus A320 family being designed by the European aerospace company Airbus. The letters "neo" stand for "New Engine Option." The family will replace the Airbus A320 family of airplanes. It will be able to carry 160-240 passengers. The aircraft had its first flight on 25 September 2014.

2015 Baltimore protests

The 2015 Baltimore unrest (also known as the Baltimore uprising) were protests that began on April 25, 2015 in Baltimore, Maryland. The protests happened in response to the death of an African American man named Freddie Gray. Gray was 25 years old. He lived in Baltimore. He had been arrested for having a switchblade. He was in good health when he was arrested. Later, he had injuries to his spine and larynx as a result of being improperly secured in the police fan, ultimately leading to a coma. He died the following week.

Over 200 people were arrested. A state of emergency was declared in Baltimore. The city was later put under curfew.

Scarborough, Western Australia

Scarborough is a coastal suburb on the northern beaches of Perth, Western Australia.

Scarborough Beach is a popular beach in Western Australia. The beach has white sand made of sea shells and limestone. This makes the sand fine, not coarse. There is seaweed and reefs further out into the ocean waters.

To the south is Brighton Beach, and further to the north is Trigg Beach. Scarborough has full-time surfing and lifeguard volunteers present, throughout the warm and hot summer months.

Guy LeBlanc

Guy LeBlanc (October 16, 1960 – April 27, 2015) was a Canadian keyboardist and composer. He led his own progressive rock band Nathan Mahl. He also had been a member of the British progressive band Camel from 2000 until his death.

LeBlanc was born in Moncton, New Brunswick. He was married and had children.

LeBlanc died from kidney cancer on April 27, 2015, aged 54.

Antônio Abujamra

Antônio Abujamra (15 September 1932 – 28 April 2015) was a Brazilian theatre and television director and actor. His notable works included "Carlota Joaquina, Princess of Brazil" (1995), "Terra Nostra" (1999), "" (2000), "Começar de Novo" (2004), "Poder Paralelo" (2009), "Assalto ao Banco Central" (2011), "Brichos – A Floresta é Nossa" (2012) and "Corações Feridos" (2012)

Abujamra was born in 1932 in Ourinhos, São Paulo. He was of Lebanese ancestry. He majored in journalism and philosophy at the Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio Grande do Sul in 1957. His son is musician André Abujamra (born 1965).

Abujamra died from a heart attack on 28 April 2015 in São Paulo, aged 82.

Seed drill

A seed drill is a sowing device that sows the seed precisely in the soil at proper depth and distance. Then it covers them with soil. It protects the seeds from birds and saves time and labour.

Jethro Tull is widely thought of as having invented the seed drill, though earlier the Sumerians used a single-tube seed drill, and the Chinese had also used a multi-tube seed drill. The use of a seed drill can improve the ratio of crop yield (seeds harvested per seed planted) by as much as nine times.

Behaviour therapy

Behaviour therapy is used for a number of methods of psychotherapy. Ivan Pavlov found that it is possible to "learn" how to react to a stimulus. His method is known as classical conditioning today. Behaviour therapy tries to use this knowledge to change the behaviour of people. In that way, people "learn" how to cope with their fears, for example. In a similar manner, people can be helped to cope with a number of mental disorders. One well known kind of behaviour therapy is exposure therapy: People with fears are "exposed" to them, and learn how to cope. As an example, someone who is afraid of spiders will be exposed to spiders. 

Marie Thérèse Louise of Savoy, Princesse de Lamballe

Princess Marie Louise Thérèse of Savoy ("Maria Luisa Teresa"; 8 September 1749 – 3 September 1792) was born a Princess of Savoy. She was later married to Louis Alexandre de Bourbon a member of the House of Bourbon. In France she was known as the "princesse de Lamballe". She was a close friend of Queen Marie Antoinette. She, like the queen, was killed in the French Revolution. There was national hatred of the Italian-born princess who, along with the Duchess of Polignac, were part of the queen's inner circle.

Maria Luisa was born in Turin in 1749. She was the daughter of a Prince of Carignan at the "Palazzo Carignano". She was the sixth of eight children. Her father was a distant cousin of King Victor Amadeus III of Sardinia Maria Luisa's mother was a sister of the late Queen Polyxena. 

On 31 January 1767, she married by proxy Louis Alexandre, Prince of Lamballe. He was a grandson of Louis XIV's legitimised son, Louis Alexandre, Count of Toulouse. Louis was the only surviving son of Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon, Duke of Penthièvre. She had arranged the marriage. During plans for her marriage she was known as "Mademoiselle de Carignan" in France. 

In 1768, at the age of nineteen, Marie Louise became a widow. Her husband died of a venereal disease at the Château de Louveciennes. He was known to have been fairly promiscuous and had many sexual partners. His widow inherited her husband's considerable fortune, adding to her wealth. She kept her title of duchess in her own right. Her husband was buried at the Chapel of Dreux outside Paris.

After the death of her husband she moved to Paris. She soon became a lady in waiting to Marie Antoinette, the new Dauphine. When Marie Antoinette became queen, Marie Louise became head of her royal household. She became a very close friend of the queen. During the decline of the monarchy she remained loyal to the queen. In 1789 the royal family was forced to leave the royal palace at Versailles. Marie Louise remained with them. She was in Bath, England but returned to Paris. When the palace was stormed in 1792, the royal family was arrested. Marie Louise was separated from the queen and sent to the prison at La Force. On September 3rd she was brought before a tribunal. It was demanded she sign an oath of loyalty to the New Republic. She also had to denounce the queen and the royal family. Marie Louise refused. She was taken into the streets and murdered. Her head was placed on a spike and displayed before the queen in her prison cell. Her head was buried with her body at the foundling's cemetery. 


She used the name "Maria Luisa' or "Marie Louise" in French. As a daughter of the Prince of Carignan, she is often "incorrectly" given the surname of Savoy-Carignan. That is incorrect as she was born a princess of the Duchy of Savoy and a daughter of a Prince of Carignan. The title was merely a courtesy title having no legal jurisdiction over Carignan which was known in .

"La princesse de Lamballe"

Otakar Krámský

Otakar Krámský (1 July 1959 – 25 April 2015) was a Czech hillclimbing racecar driver. He began his career during the early 1970s. He won three European Hill Climb Championship. 

Krámský died after his racecar crashed during a race in Styria, Austria, aged 55.


Jean Nidetch

Jean Nidetch (born Jean Evelyn Slutsky, October 12, 1923 – April 29, 2015) was an American businesswoman. She was the co-founder of the Weight Watchers organization. She founded the organization in 1963.

Nidetch died on April 29, 2015, in Parkland, Florida at age 91.

Rodrigo Gularte

Rodrigo Muxfeldt Gularte (13 July 1972, Foz do Iguaçu, Brazil – 29 April 2015, Central Java, Indonesia) was a Brazilian drug-trafficker. He was executed in Indonesia by firing squad for drug trafficking after being sentenced in 2006.

Jack Ely

Jack Ely (September 11, 1943 – April 27, 2015) was an American guitarist and singer. He was best known for singing the Kingsmen's version of "Louie Louie". Ely was born in Portland, Oregon.

Ely died at his Oregon farm residence on April 27, 2015 age 71, having long suffered from an unknown illness. "Because of his religious beliefs, we’re not even sure what it [the illness] was," his son Sean Ely said.

Verne Gagne

Laverne Clarence "Verne" Gagne (February 26, 1926 – April 27, 2015) was an American professional wrestler, football player, wrestling trainer, and wrestling promoter. He was the owner and promoter of the Minneapolis, Minnesota-based American Wrestling Association (AWA). He remained in this position until 1991, when the company folded.

On January 26, 2009, Gagne got into an altercation with Helmut Gutmann, a 97-year-old resident of the Bloomington, Minnesota facility where they both resided. According to Gutmann's widow, who was not present during the altercation, Gagne picked Gutmann up and hurled him to the floor, then broke his hip by pulling back on his body. Gutmann was admitted to the hospital, and died on February 14 from complications of the injury. 

On February 25, 2009, the older man's death was officially ruled a homicide by the Hennepin County medical examiner's office.

On the night of April 27, 2015, Gagne died in Bloomington, Minnesota at the age of 89 from Alzheimer's disease.


Xu Guangxian

Xu Guangxian (; November 7, 1920 – April 28, 2015), was a Chinese chemist and academician of the Chinese Academy of Science. He was former president of the Chinese Chemical Society. He was known as "The Father of Chinese Rare Earths Chemistry".

Gene Fullmer

Gene Fullmer (July 21, 1931 – April 27, 2015) was an American middleweight boxer and world champion. Fullmer began his professional career in 1951 and won his first 29 fights, 19 by knockout. His manager during many years of his career was his mentor, Marv Jensen, who encouraged many youth in West Jordan, Utah, to enter boxing as amateurs.

On April 27, 2015, Fullmer died at the age of 83 in his home in West Jordan, Utah surrounded by friends and family.

Calvin Peete

Calvin Peete (July 18, 1943 – April 29, 2015) was an American professional golfer. He was the most successful African-American on the PGA Tour, with 12 wins, before Tiger Woods. Peete was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Peete died of lung cancer, in Atlanta, Georgia on April 29, 2015, aged 71.


René Féret

René Féret (26 May 1945 – 28 April 2015) was a French actor, screenwriter, movie director and producer. He was known for his movie "Solemn Communion".

Ashura Hara

On April 28, 2015, Hara died from pneumonia in a hospital in Isahaya, Nagasaki.

Charles Martel

Charles Martel (c. 688 – 22 October 741) was a Frankish statesman and military leader who was Duke and Prince of the Franks. He was also Mayor of the Palace. Martel was the de facto ruler of Francia from 718 until his death. Martel was the illegitimate son of the Frankish statesman Pepin of Herstal. His mother was a noblewoman named Alpaida. Martel successfully asserted his claims as successor to his father as Mayor of the Palace. He continued and built on his father's work. He began the series of military campaigns that re-established Frankish power in Gaul. In foreign wars, Martel defeated and ruled Bavaria, Alemannia, and Frisia. He defeated the Saxons, and halted the Islamic advance into Western Europe at the Battle of Tours in 732.

Martel is considered to be the founding figure of the European Middle Ages. He was skilled as an administrator and warrior. Martel is often credited with a key role in the development of feudalism and knighthood. He was a great patron of Saint Boniface. Martel made the first attempt at reconciliation between the Papacy and the Franks. The Pope wished him to become the defender of the Holy See and offered him the Roman consulship. Martel refused the offer.

Although Martel never assumed the title of king, he divided Francia, like a king, between his sons Carloman and Pepin. The latter became the first of the Carolingians, the family of Charles Martel, to become king. Martel's grandson, Charlemagne, extended the Frankish realms to include much of the West. Charlemagne became the first Emperor since the fall of Rome. On the basis of his achievements, Martel laid the groundwork for the Carolingian Empire.

Deng Minghe

Deng Minghe (; 8 June 2006 – 28 April 2015) was a Chinese actor of yu opera. He was best known for opening the 2012 "CCTV New Year's Gala" on China Central Television (CCTV), performing a folk song. He also appeared in the Henan Television series "Liyuanchun" in 2010. He was born in Handan, Hebei.

Deng died from leukemia on 28 April 2015 in Beijing, aged 8. He had the disease once before and recovered after five rounds of chemotherapy in 2013. However, in February 2015, his condition got worse.

Deaths in May 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in May 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Emil Doepler

Emil Doepler the younger (29 October 1855 – 21 December 1922) was an illustrator, painter and teacher. Today he is seen as one of the people who influenced the Art Nouveau movement. Emil Doepler's father was Carl Emil Doepler. Doepler designed the coat of arms of the Weimar Republic. 


Matthias Kuhle

Matthias Kuhle (20 April 1948 – 25 April 2015) was a German geographer. He was also a professor at the University of Göttingen in Göttingen. He edited the book series "Geography International" published by Shaker Verlag.

Kuhle was born in Berlin. He died in an earthquake on 25 April 2015 in the village of Saurpani, Gorkha, Nepal. He was 67.

Marty Napoleon

Marty Napoleon (June 2, 1921 – April 27, 2015) was an American jazz pianist. He was best known for having replaced Earl Hines in Louis Armstrong's All Stars in 1952. He also worked with Gene Krupa, Phil Napoleon, Teddy Napoleon, Charlie Ventura, Kai Winding and Rex Stewart.

Napoleon was born in Brooklyn, New York City to Italian immigrants from Sicily. He died on April 27, 2015 in Glen Cove, Long Island, aged 93.

Synthetic genomics

Synthetic genomics is a type of genetic engineering. It makes genes which never occur in nature.

Synthetic genomics does not use naturally occurring genes. It may use custom-designed base pair series. In the future, it might use genetic codes that are not composed of the two base pairs of DNA currently used by life forms.

Synthetic genomics uses techniques from genetics research. Researchers can make long base pair chains cheaply and accurately on a large scale. This allows them to do experiments on genomes which do not exist in nature. They also use ideas in protein folding and high-end computing facilities. 

The J. Craig Venter Institute is working in this field. The team of about 20 researchers is led by Nobel laureate Hamilton Smith, DNA researcher Craig Venter and microbiologist Clyde A. Hutchison III. The Venter group has put together a semi-synthetic "Mycoplasma genitalium" bacterial genome by recombination of 25 overlapping fragments. This was done in a single step: 

Geneticists have made the first synthetic chromosome for yeast. "The genes in the original chromosome were replaced with synthetic versions and the finished man-made chromosome was then successfully integrated into a yeast cell".

Other companies, including one called Synthetic Genomics (company), have been formed to take advantage of the many commercial uses of custom designed genomes.

Ray Jackson (Aboriginal activist)

Ray Jackson (1941 – 23 April 2015) was an Australian Aboriginal activist and Wiradjuri elder. He was President of the Indigenous Social Justice Association (ISJA). He was a notable campaigner for the rights of Indigenous Australians. He was a member of the Stolen Generations.

Jackson died on 23 April 2015 in the suburb of Sydney of Waterloo, New South Wales. He was 74.

Gopulu

S. Gopalan, pen-name Gopulu (18 June 1924 – 29 April 2015), was an Indian illustrator and cartoonist. He was best known for his work for the Tamil humour magazine "Ananda Vikatan".

Gopulu was born in Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu. He died on 29 April 2015, aged 91. His son outlived him.

St. Clement Parish (Ottawa)

Before the 1960s, Catholics all over the world prayed together in Latin. In the 1960s, the leaders of the Catholic Church decided that Catholics should pray together using their mother tongue instead of using Latin. Some Catholics still wanted to use Latin when they prayed together. A group of these Catholics were in Ottawa and asked Bishop Joseph-Aurèle Plourde to let them pray together in Latin. He said that they could. The group started to meet together in 1968.

When these Catholics started to meet together, they met at Precious Blood Sisters' Monastery. This was a large home for nuns. In 1984, the nuns could not share their home with them anymore. The group moved to a small building and called themselves St. Clement Latin Community. They stayed in the new building until 1993. At that time they were able to get a church building of their own. The new church was on Mann Avenue in the Sandy Hill neighborhood.

In 2011, Bishop Terrence Prendergast asked St. Clement Parish if they wanted to move into Ste-Anne Church. Ste-Anne Church was an old church building that was important to the history of Ottawa. The parish started to meet at Ste-Anne Church on June 3, 2012.

The St. Clement Parish also runs an event called Marie Reine du Canada Pilgrimage. During this pilgrimage, people walk 100 km from Saint-Joseph-de-Lanoraie to the church of Notre-Dame du Cap in Trois-Rivières. It is based on a similar pilgrimage from Notre-Dame de Paris to Chartres Cathedral in France.


Talossan language

Talossan is a constructed language created for the micronation the Kingdom of Talossa. In Talossan the language is called "Talossan".


Patachou

Henriette Ragon (10 June 1918 – 30 April 2015), better known by her stage name Patachou, was a French actress and singer. She appeared on stage, television and movies between 1953 and 2006. She also wrote at least twenty songs. On 1 January 2009, she was awarded the Legion of Honour.

Patachou was born in Paris. Her son, Pierre Billon (born 1946), is a songwriter.

Patachou died on 30 April 2015 in Paris, aged 96.

Gregory Mertens

Gregory Mertens (2 February 1991 – 30 April 2015) was a Belgian professional footballer. His position was central defender. He played in the Belgian Pro League, playing for Cercle Brugge (2011–2014) and Lokeren (2014–2015). He was born in Anderlecht.

Mertens went into cardiac arrest and collapsed on 27 April 2015 while playing a game against K.R.C. Genk. He died from heart failure on 30 April at a Genk hospital, aged 24.

Lennart Bodström

Ture Lennart Bodström (20 April 1928 - 30 April 2015) was a Swedish politician. He was born in Gothenburg. He served as the Minister for Foreign Affairs in Olof Palme's Social Democratic cabinet from 1982 to 1985. Following the 1985 election, Bodström was reassigned to the post of Minister for Education.

United Nations Integrated Mission in East Timor

The United Nations Integrated Mission in East Timor (UNMIT) is a peacekeeping operation that was created in August 25, 2006 by UN Security Council Resolution 1704. Its objectives are "to support the Government in consolidating stability, enhancing a culture of democratic governance, and facilitating political dialogue among Timorese stakeholders, in their efforts to bring about a process of national reconciliation and to foster social cohesion". The operation ended on December 31, 2012.

Killing of Eric Garner

Eric Garner (September 15, 1970 – July 17, 2014) was a man from Staten Island, New York City. He died in the same borough after a police officer put him in a chokehold for 15 seconds. The New York City Medical Examiner's Office found that Garner died partly because of the chokehold.

New York City Police Department officers talked to Garner because they thought he was selling cigarettes illegally. When Officer Daniel Pantaleo took Garner's wrist behind his back, Garner swatted his arms away. Pantaleo then put his arm around Garner's neck and pulled him backwards and to the ground. After Pantaleo removed his arm from around Garner's neck, he pushed Garner's face into the ground. Four officers went to restrain Garner, who said "I can't breathe" several times.

On December 3, 2014, a grand jury decided to not indict officer Pantaleo. This led to protests and rallies with charges of police brutality. As of December 28, 2014, more than fifty demonstrations had been held across the United States.

In the aftermath of Garner's death, his daughter Erica, Al Sharpton and many others began to protest against police brutality. Erica died of complications from a heart attack on December 30, 2017 at the age of 27.

Anticonvulsant

An anticonvulsant is a drug that is used to treat seizures which are commmonly associated with epilepsy. For this reason, they are also known as antiepileptic drugs or anti-seizure drugs. Many of these drugs act as mood stabilizers. For this reason they are also used to treat mood disorders, such as bipolar disorder. 

David Day (broadcaster)

David "Daisy" Day (1951 – 1 May 2015) was an Australian radio broadcaster. He began his disc jockey career at age 16 in Moree. He was best known for working on radio stations such as 5KA and Triple M from the 1970s in South Australia. In 2013, he published his autobiography, "Rock Jock". He was born in New South Wales.

Day died on 1 May 2015 in Adelaide, aged 63. He had health issues for some time before his death.

Thomas Perez

Thomas Edward Perez (born October 7, 1961 in Buffalo, New York) is an American politician, consumer advocate and civil rights lawyer. On July 23, 2013, he was sworn in as the United States Secretary of Labor. Perez is a member of the Democratic Party. He previously was the Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division of the United States Department of Justice.

Perez announced his candidacy for Chair of the Democratic National Committee in the 2017 election on December 15, 2016. On February 25, 2017, Perez was elected Chairman on a second ballot. Minutes after being elected, Perez named Keith Ellison as deputy chair. He resigned in January 2021.

On June 23, 2021, Perez announced that he would be a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Maryland in the 2022 election. He lost the Democratic nomination in July 2022.

Ben E. King

Benjamin Earl "Ben" King (born Benjamin Earl Nelson; September 28, 1938 – April 30, 2015) was an American soul and R&B singer. He was best known as the singer and co-composer of "Stand by Me". The song became a US Top 10 hit in both 1961 and later in 1986 (when it was used as the theme to the movie of the same name).

King was born in Henderson, North Carolina and grew up in Harlem, New York City from age nine. He later lived in Teaneck, New Jersey. He was married to Betty from 1964 until his death. He had three children.

King died from coronary heart disease on April 30, 2015 in Hackensack, New Jersey, aged 76.

Stirling Castle

Stirling Castle, is a castle in Stirling, Scotland. It is one of the largest and most important castles in the United Kingdom. It guarded an important crossing of the River Forth, which exits to the North Sea in the east.

The castle sits on the top of Castle Hill, an intrusive volcanic crag, part of the Stirling Sill geological formation. It is surrounded on three sides by steep cliffs, giving it a strong defensive position. It guards what was, until the 1890s, the farthest downstream crossing of the River Forth, This made it an important fortification from early times.

Most of the buildings of the castle date from the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. A few structures of the fourteenth century remain, while the outer defences fronting the town date from the early eighteenth century. Several Scottish kings and queens have been crowned at Stirling, including Mary, Queen of Scots, in 1542. There have been at least eight sieges of Stirling Castle, including several during the Wars of Scottish Independence. The last siege was in 1746, when Bonnie Prince Charlie failed to take the castle. Stirling Castle is a scheduled Ancient Monument, and is a tourist attraction managed by Historic Scotland.

Casey Bailey

Casey Bailey (born October 27, 1991) is an American professional ice hockey center. He currently plays for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Bailey played parts of 2 seasons with the Alberni Valley Bulldogs of the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL) and 1 season with the Omaha Lancers of the United States Hockey League (USHL). Bailey decided to play college hockey with the Penn State Nittany Lions. He played parts of 3 years with them and was named to the Big Ten Conference First All-Star Team in 2015.

Bailey was not drafted but signed a two-year, entry-level contract with the Toronto Maple Leafs on March 21, 2015. Bailey became the first played from Penn State to sign a contract in the NHL, and also the first to play in the NHL.

On April 11, 2015, Bailey scored his first NHL goal against Carey Price of the Montreal Canadiens in a 4-3 shootout loss.


Lee Elder

Robert Lee Elder (July 14, 1934 – November 28, 2021) was an American professional golfer. He is best remembered for becoming the first African-American to play in the Masters Tournament in 1975. He was born in Dallas, Texas.

Elder died on November 28, 2021 in Escondido, California at the age of 87.

Chi-Chi Rodríguez

Juan Antonio "Chi-Chi" Rodríguez (born October 23, 1935 in Rio Piedras, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican professional golfer. He was the first Puerto Rican to be inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame.


Pete Brown (golfer)

Pete Brown (February 2, 1935 – May 1, 2015) was an American professional golfer. He was best known as the first African American to win a PGA Tour event. Brown was born in Port Gibson, Mississippi and grew up in Jackson, Mississippi.

Brown died in Augusta, Georgia on May 1, 2015 at the age of 80 from heart failure and a stroke.

María Elena Velasco

María Elena Velasco Fragoso (December 17, 1940 - May 1, 2015) was a Mexican actress, comedienne, singer-songwriter, dancer, screenwriter, movie producer, and one of Mexico's few major female movie directors. She was best known for creating and portraying La India María, a comical character based on indigenous Mexican women.

Velasco died of stomach cancer in Mexico City, Mexico, aged 74.


See You Again (Wiz Khalifa song)

"See You Again" is a song by American rapper Wiz Khalifa featuring the vocals and piano playing of Charlie Puth. The song is featured in the 2015 action movie "Furious 7". It was created as a final tribute to Paul Walker, who died in a car crash in November 2013. 

The single was released on March 17, 2015 in the US, followed by an international release on April 3 and a UK release on April 12.

Everything Is Awesome

"Everything Is Awesome" is the Grammy and Oscar nominated song featured in "The Lego Movie". It was written by Shawn Patterson, Joshua Bartholomew, Lisa Harriton, and The Lonely Island. 

The single and pop version featured in the end credits of the movie was produced by Mark Mothersbaugh and performed by Tegan and Sara in collaboration with musical comedy trio The Lonely Island.

In July 2014, the song "Everything Is Awesome" was re-used in a video of Greenpeace to promote their petition calling on the Lego Company to drop its partnership with Shell.

Matt Carle

Matthew Carle (born September 25, 1984) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman. He currently plays for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the San Jose Sharks and Philadelphia Flyers.

Before playing in the NHL, Carle played parts of 2 seasons with the US National Team Development Program, 1 season with the River City Lancers of the United States Hockey League (USHL), and 3 years of college hockey with the University of Denver Pioneers. During his time with the Pioneers, Carle won the Hobey Baker Award in 2006 for being the top National Collegiate Athletic Association men's ice hockey player. He was also the only junior defenseman in history to win the award.

He was drafted 47th overall by the San Jose Sharks in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. On March 25, 2006, Carle made his NHL debut and scored his first NHL goal against Manny Fernandez of the Minnesota Wild in a 5-1 win. On November 21, 2007, Carle was signed to a four-year, $13.75 million contract extension to stay with San Jose.

On July 4, 2008, the Sharks traded Carle along with Ty Wishart and a first round pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth round pick in 2010, to the Tampa Bay Lightning in exchange for Dan Boyle and Brad Lukowich.

After 12 games with the Lightning, they traded him along with a 2009 third round draft pick to the Philadelphia Flyers in exchange for Steve Eminger, Steve Downie and a 2009 fourth round pick on November 7, 2008. Carle missed 5 games at the start of December because of a rib injury. During the home opener of the 2009–10 season for the Flyers, Carle tied the NHL record for assists in a single period by a defenceman when he set up four goals in the second period against the Washington Capitals and also helped Mike Richards achieve his second career hat trick, which was also his personal best for assists in a game.

On July 4, 2012, Carle signed a six-year; $33 million contract to return with the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Stand by Me (Ben E. King song)

"Stand by Me" is a R&B ballad which was originally performed by Ben E. King. The song was inspired by the spiritual single "Lord Stand by Me". The song is on the soundtrack of the 1986 movie "Stand by Me".

Musicians who have covered the song include Prince Royce and John Lennon. In 1999, BMI named it the fourth most performed song of the 20th century.

William Pfaff

William Pfaff (December 1928 – April 30, 2015) was an American writer. He was an author and op-ed columnist for the "International Herald Tribune". He also worked on "The New York Review of Books".

Pfaff was born in Council Bluffs, Iowa. He was of German, English, and Irish ancestry. He studied at the University of Notre Dame. He was a Catholic and was married with two children.

Pfaff died from a heart attack caused by a fall on April 30, 2015 in Paris, France. He was 86.

Stephen Milburn Anderson

Stephen Milburn Anderson (March 13, 1948 – May 1, 2015) was an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He wrote and directed eight movies. He was best known for "South Central", which was produced by Oliver Stone and released by Warner Bros. in 1992. He also wrote and directed "Cash" (2010), starring Sean Bean and Chris Hemsworth. He produced the Academy Award-winning short movie "Ray's Male Heterosexual Dance Hall" (1987). He was born in New Mexico.

Anderson died from throat cancer on May 1, 2015 in Denver, Colorado, aged 67. His wife of more than thirty years, Mary Weir, outlived him.

Anguish

Anguish is an emotion. It is a feeling of severe pain, mental suffering, distress and sadness. Anguish is related to misery, dread, despair, and depression.

Many things can cause a person to feel anguish. Abuse can cause anguish. Child abuse can cause anguish. Elder abuse can cause anguish. Bullying can cause anguish. Neglect can cause anguish. Shame can lead to feelings of anguish. A person may feel anguish when their life is not going as they hoped and there is little they can do to change it.

Mental anguish is a concept of law. It is sometimes written into a legal code. In tort law, a person can receive compensation when someone hurts them. This is known as a personal injury case. This kind of legal case is handled by a personal injury lawyer.

In the United States, personal injury lawsuits account for less than 5% of all civil cases. That number is declining. Between 1999 and 2008, there was a 25% decrease in personal injury lawsuits filed in the United States.

In the judicial system, mental anguish is also called "pain and suffering". This may include feelings of fear, distress, anxiety, depression, trauma, or grief.

When Jimmy Carter was President of the United States, he issued a proclamation about human rights. He said that we must defend the victims of anguish, not the culprits (the people who cause it).

In medicine, anguish is similar to anxiety. It is a type of neurosis. According to Sigmund Freud, the symptoms of anguish are irritability, anxiety, crisis, nightmares, phobias and obsessions. Anguish can also cause insomnia.

People with mental illnesses like melancholia or depression may feel anguish. Anguish may be a factor in a mental breakdown.

Chronic pain (or pain lasting longer than six months) can cause anguish.

The brain disease dementia can cause those who have it to experience anguish.

In dying patients, anguish may be physical, emotional, or spiritual. They symptoms of physical anguish are severe pain and anxiety. The symptoms of emotional and spiritual anguish are crying, moaning, wailing, or talking about fears or regrets.

Anguish is sometimes a cause of suicide or homicide. People who experience psychological distress like anguish can have greater risk of premature death.

Researchers found a potential treatment for the pain of anguish: a non-prescription medication (or over-the-counter drug) called paracetamol (or acetaminophen).

Mental anguish can have significant as physical symptoms. Psychological suffering from anguish can be just as significant as physical pain. Psychological symptoms like anxiety, panic attacks and existential crisis can cause suffering.

Sigmund Freud is considered the inventor of psychoanalysis. Freud said that anguish is one of the feelings that brings together and tears apart people, families, and societies.

Anguish is an idea in philosophy.


Anguish is an important concept in existentialism. Existentialists believe that freedom causes anguish.

French philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre talked about anguish in his book "L'Être et le Néant" (1943) (in English: "Being and Nothingness") (1956).
"It is certain that we cannot overcome anguish, for we are anguish."
For Sartre and Heidegger and Kierkegaard anguish is an important emotion.

Another French philosopher, Gilles Deleuze, said that anguish is a basic human emotion. He said that people feel anguish when they understand that they cannot escape from evil and pain in the world.


Anguish is an important concept in nihilism. Nihilists believe that life is meaningless. That belief is a source of anguish.

German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer wrote about "anguish of conscience." He said that consciousness is anguish and anguish is pain.

Søren Kierkegaard was a Danish philosopher. He wrote about religion, or theology. Kierkegaard talked about anguish in several of his books: "Fear and Trembling" (1843), "Either/Or" (1843), "The Sickness Unto Death" (1849), and "Two Discourses of God and Man" (1938). In the book "Eighteen Upbuilding Discourses" (1843), Kierkegaard talked about Paul the Apostle. Paul felt anguish because he persecuted Christians.

Anguish is feeling common for characters in Woody Allen's movies. Marion feels anguish in "Another Woman". Alvy feels anguish in "Annie Hall". Mary fakes feelings of anguish in "Manhattan". Elliot causes anguish for others when he falls in love with one of his wife's sisters in "Hannah and Her Sisters".


Milap Chand Jain

Milap Chand Jain (21 July 1929 – 29 April 2015) was an Indian judge and politician. He served as the Chief Justice of the Rajasthan High Court. He also served as the acting Governor of Rajasthan from 3 February to 14 February 1990. He was also the chairman of the "Jain Commission" set up by the government to inquire into Rajiv Gandhi's assassination.

Jain was born in Jodhpur, Rajasthan. He had three children; a son and two daughters.

Jain died after a short illness on 29 April 2015 in Jaipur, aged 86.

Ronald Senator

Ronald Senator (17 April 1926 – 30 April 2015) was a British composer. He was best known for "Holocaust Requiem", for which he was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. He had concerts in New York (1990, 1998, 2001), London (1989, 1997), Sydney (1978), Moscow (1993), and St. Petersburg (1991).

Senator studied at Oxford University (1944–1947) with Austrian-born British composer Egon Wellesz. He was Jewish and married to Miriam Brickman. He lived in London and New York, United States.

Senator and his 81-year-old wife died in a fire on 30 April 2015 at their home in Yonkers, New York. He was 89.

François Michelin

François Michelin (15 June 1926 – 29 April 2015) was a French heir and business executive. He served as the CEO of Michelin from 1955 to 1999.

Michelin was born in Clermont-Ferrand, Auvergne. His grandfather, Édouard Michelin (1859–1940), was the founder of Michelin. He became an orphan at the age of ten. He was a Roman Catholic. He had five children, including Édouard (1963–2006).

Michelin died on 29 April 2015 in Clermont-Ferrand, aged 88.

Valentine Lamb

Valentine Edward Martin "Val" Lamb (26 January 1939 – 24 April 2015) was a British sports journalist. He was editor of "The Irish Field" from 1970 to 2003.

Lamb was born in Coombe Bissett, Wiltshire. He was the son of the artist Henry Lamb and his wife Lady Pansy Pakenham. He was married twice and had three children.

Lamb died on 24 April 2015, aged 76.

Gary Liddell

Gary Liddell (27 August 1954 – 1 May 2015) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a striker. He played from 1972 and 1983 for the teams Leeds United, Grimsby Town, Hearts and Doncaster Rovers.

Liddell was born in Stirling. His son, Andy (born 1973), was also a footballer.

Liddell died on 1 May 2015 in Falkirk, aged 60.

Geoff Duke

Geoffrey Ernest "Geoff" Duke (29 March 1923 – 1 May 2015) was a British multiple motorcycle Grand Prix road racing world champion. In the 1950s, he won six world championships and six Isle of Man TT races.

Duke was born in St. Helens, Lancashire. His son, Peter, is a businessman and founded Duke Video.

Duke died after a long illness 1 May 2015 at his home on the Isle of Man. He was 92.

Mobile app

A mobile application, also referred to as a mobile app or simply an app, is a computer program designed to run on smartphones, tablet computers and other mobile devices. Apps are usually available through an app store for that platform. These began appearing in 2008. The largest stores are operated by the owner of the mobile operating system. 

Some apps are usually bundled with the device, already installed before you buy it. Other apps may be downloaded for free from the app store, and some must be purchased. Software developers make as they make other computer programs, and usually offer them through the app store.

Ruth Rendell

Ruth Barbara Rendell, Baroness Rendell of Babergh (née Grasemann; 17 February 1930 – 2 May 2015), also known as Barbara Vine, was an English writer. She wrote mostly psychological thrillers and murder mysteries. She released at least 90 books and was best known for her character Inspector Wexford.

Rendell was born in South Woodford, Essex (now London). Her mother was born in Sweden and grew up in Denmark, while her father was English. She was married to Don Rendell until his death from prostate cancer in 1999. They had a son, Simon (born 1953).

Rendell had a stroke in January 2015. She died on 2 May 2015 in London, aged 85.

Monty Python's The Meaning of Life

Monty Python's The Meaning of Life is a 1983 British musical sketch comedy movie. It is Monty Python's last movie. It is about seven stages of life and is told through different sketches and songs.

August Friedrich Schenck

August Friedrich Albrecht Schenck (23 April 1828 – 1 January 1901) was a painter. He became well known for his landscapes and paintings of animals. He was both French and German by nationality. His works were first shown in 1855.

Diante do Trono

The Diante do Trono is a Brazilian Christian pop rock band from Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil. The band was formed in 1997 in the Lagoinha Church and is known as the main worship ministry in Latin America. The band has sold over 15 million albums and is led by Ana Paula Valadão.


Max Rojas

Juan Máximo Rojas Proenza, known as Max Rojas (June 4, 1940 - April 24, 2015) was a Mexican poet, essayist, literary critic and culture manager. Rojas wrote long-winded poem "Cuerpos", his last published work originally composed of three thousand pages and that could fill twenty volumes.

George Baker (actor)

George Baker, MBE (1 April 19317 October 2011) was an English actor and writer. He was best known for playing Tiberius in "I, Claudius", and Inspector Wexford in "The Ruth Rendell Mysteries". He was born in Varna, Bulgaria.

Baker died on 7 October 2011 in West Lavington, Wiltshire from pneumonia after suffering a stroke, aged 80.

Rodion Shchedrin

Rodion Konstantinovich Shchedrin (, "Rodion Konstantinovič Ščedrin", born December 16, 1932 in Moscow) is a Russian composer and pianist. 

He won many awards such as the Lenin (1984), USSR State Prize (1972) and the State Prize of the Russian Federation (1992). He is a former member of the Interregional Deputy Group (1989–1991).

Shchedrin was married to Russian ballet dancer Maya Plisetskaya from 1958 until her death in 2015.


Tabaré Vázquez

Tabaré Ramón Vázquez Rosas (; 17 January 1940 – 6 December 2020) was an Uruguayan politician. He served as President of Uruguay from 2015 to 2020.

In August 2019, Vázquez was diagnosed with lung cancer. He died on 6 December 2020 from the disease in Montevideo at the age of 80.


Muhammadu Buhari

Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR (born 17 December 1942) was the President of Nigeria and a former Major General in the Nigerian Army. He first became Head of State of Nigeria on 31 December 1983 when he took over the government by surprise. While he was in power, he passed laws to control how people behaved that were very harsh and put many people in jail, even the famous musician Fela Kuti. On 27 August 1985, there was another surprise takeover and he was no longer in charge of the country.

In the 21st century, Buhari decided to try and become head of state again and ran in multiple elections. He eventually won and became President of Nigeria in 2015. He brought back some of the harsh laws from the last time he was in charge of Nigeria. Now, more people have been criticizing him as part of the End SARS protests.



Umaru Musa Yar'Adua

Umaru Musa Yar'Adua (16 August 19515 May 2010) was a Nigerian politician. He served as the President of Nigeria and the 13th Head of State.

He became governor of Katsina State in northern Nigeria from 29 May 1999 to 28 May 2007. He was declared the winner of the controversial Nigerian presidential election held on 21 April 2007, and was sworn in on 29 May 2007. He was a member of the ruling People's Democratic Party (PDP).

In 2009, Yar'Adua left for Saudi Arabia to receive treatment for pericarditis. He returned to Nigeria in 2010, where he died on 5 May.

Umaru Musa Yar'adua was born 16th of August 1951 in Katsina State, his father was Mr. Musa Yar'Adua who was a Minister for Lagos in the first republic and also held a chieftaincy title of custodian of the royal treasury of the Katsina Emirate.

Aristocrat

An aristocrat is a person of the highest social class of a society. In many places, aristocrats have hereditary titles. In some societies such as Ancient Greece, Rome, and India, aristocratic status may come from membership in a military caste. It has also been very common for aristocrats to belong to priestly dynasties.

Aristocratic status can involve feudal or legal privileges. They are usually below only the monarch of a country or nation in its social hierarchy. In modern era European societies, the term aristocracy has often been used synonymously with the nobility. This was a specific class that arose in the Middle Ages. The term "aristocracy" derives from the Greek ἀριστοκρατία ("aristokratia" ἄριστος ("aristos") "excellent," and κράτος ("kratos") "power".


Discovery (observation)

Discovery is the act of detecting something new, or something "old" that had been unknown. In science and academic disciplines, discovery is the observation of new phenomena. It is discovery of new actions, or new events. It provides new reasoning to explain the knowledge gathered through such observations. A discovery may sometimes be based on earlier discoveries, collaborations, or ideas. Some discoveries represent a radical breakthrough in knowledge or technology. Visual discoveries are often called sightings.

Before the 17th century, it took extraordinary genius to make even small discoveries. Men such as Galileo Galilei, Isaac Newton and many of their contemporaries made great discoveries. But their greatest contribution was in developing and furthering the scientific method. This was an organized method of making new discoveries. By the end of the century science literally exploded with new discoveries. Ordinary educated scientists could now do what only geniuses could do before. Ancient Greeks depended on observation and philosophy to come up with theories about the physical laws of the universe. Beginning in the 17th century scientists now used scientific proof of their discoveries through experiments. They also defended their discoveries against their peers. This was an important part of the scientific method.

Vafa Guluzade

Vafa Guluzade (; 21 December 1940 – 1 May 2015) was an Azerbaijani diplomat, political scientist and specialist in conflict resolution. He worked as Foreign Policy State Advisor for Azerbaijan President Heydar Aliyev between 1990 and 1999.

Guluzade was born in Baku to a Shia Muslim family. He was married to Leyla Ahmadova. They had a daughter (1974–2010).

Guluzade died from heart failure after surgery on 1 May 2015 in Baku. He was 74.


Michael J. Ingelido

Michael Joseph Ingelido (November 20, 1916 – April 28, 2015) was an American Air Force major general. He was Commander of the Fourteenth Aerospace Force, (Air Defense Command), Ent Air Force Base in Colorado. He joined the Air Force in 1941 less than two weeks before the attack on Pearl Harbor of World War II, and retired in 1972 during the Vietnam War.

Ingelido was born in Meriden, Connecticut. He married his wife Elinor Affinto Ingelido in 1942. They had three sons.

Ingelido died from a stroke on April 28, 2015 in Colorado Springs, Colorado, aged 98.

Dave Goldberg

David Bruce "Dave" Goldberg (October 2, 1967 – May 1, 2015) was an American businessman. He was a Yahoo! executive before joining SurveyMonkey in 2009, and later became CEO. He also co-founded LAUNCH Media with Bob Roback.

Goldberg was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota to a Jewish family. He graduated from Harvard University in 1989. He was married to Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg and had two children.

Goldberg died on May 1, 2015 at a resort in Punta Mita, near Puerto Vallarta in southwest Mexico, aged 47. He died from head trauma and blood loss after falling off a treadmill.

Beth Whittall

Elizabeth "Beth" Whittall (May 26, 1936 – May 1, 2015) was a Canadian champion breaststroke and freestyle swimmer. At age 17, she won a silver medal at the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Vancouver, British Columbia. He won two gold medals at the 1955 Pan American Games in Mexico City, Mexico. In 1987, at the age of 50, she set a Canadian record in the 200-metre freestyle for competitors in the 50 to 54 age range.

Whittall was born in Montreal, Quebec. She studied pharmacy at Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana, United States. She died on May 1, 2015, aged 78.

Sarah Correa

Sarah Gonçalves Correa (14 August 1992 – 2 May 2015) was a Brazilian competitive free-style swimmer. She won the gold medal in the 4×200-metre freestyle at the 2010 South American Games in Medellín, Colombia, beating the competition record. At the 2011 Pan American Games in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, she won the silver medal in the 4×200-metre freestyle. Born in Rio de Janeiro, retired from swimming in 2014 to become a model.

Correa was hit by a car while waiting at a bus stop on 1 May 2015 near her home in Barra da Tijuca, Rio de Janeiro. She died the next day (2 May), aged 22.

Harry Geisinger

Harry Geisinger (October 31, 1933 – May 1, 2015) was an American politician for the Republican Party. He served in the Georgia House of Representatives from 1969 to 1975 and then from 2005 until his death.

Geisinger was born in Roswell, Georgia. He got his Bachelors's degree in business from the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Geisinger died from leukemia on May 1, 2015, aged 81.

Michael Blake (author)

Michael Lennox Blake (July 5, 1945 – May 2, 2015) was an American writer and screenwriter. He was best known for the movie adaptation of his novel "Dances with Wolves", for which he won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe.

Blake was born in Fort Bragg, North Carolina, and grew up in New Mexico, Texas and Southern California. He was married and had three sons.

Blake died after a long illness on May 2, 2015 in Tucson, Arizona. He was 69.

Extreme Rules (2015)

Extreme Rules (2015) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on April 26, 2015 at Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois. It was the seventh Extreme Rules event held by the WWE. 

The main event saw Seth Rollins defeat Randy Orton in a steel cage match to retain the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. In the match, Orton's RKO finisher was banned and Kane served as the gatekeeper for the cage. 


Philip S. Goodman

Philip Solomon Goodman (February 20, 1926 – May 2, 2015) was an American screenwriter, producer, and movie director. He was best known for directing the drama movie "We Shall Return" (1963), starring Cesar Romero. He also wrote for television series such as "Profiles in Courage", "Danger", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "Rocky King Detective", and "Johnny Staccato". He also directed plays at the Actors Studio.

Goodman was born in New York City to Flora and Solomon Goodman. He graduated from Brooklyn College and the University of Southern California (USC). He served in the U.S. Army from 1944 to 1946 during World War II. He was married to Evelyn Twersky and had two children, Nicholas, a producer, and Jody, a lawyer.

Goodman died on May 2, 2015 in New York City, aged 89.

Abdul Wahid Aresar

Abdul Wahid Aresar (11 October 1949 – 3 May 2015) was a Pakistani politician. He was the was one of the heads of the Jeay Sindh Qaumi Mahaz (JSQM), a political party in Sindh. He was the chairman of the party in the 1990s.

Aresar died on 3 May 2015 at a private hospital in Karachi, aged 65.

Russi Taylor

Russell "Russi" Taylor (May 4, 1944 – July 26, 2019) was an American voice actress. She was best known for being the voice of Disney's Minnie Mouse since 1986. She also voiced numerous other Disney characters. Taylor was the wife of the late voice actor Wayne Allwine. He was the third voice of Mickey Mouse from 1991 until his death in 2009. In 2008 she received a Disney Legends award.

Taylor died from colon cancer on July 26, 2019, at her home in Glendale, California, at the age of 75.


Clarence Nash

Clarence Charles "Ducky" Nash (December 7, 1904 – February 20, 1985) was an American voice actor. He was the voice for Disney cartoon character Donald Duck for almost 50 years.


Dobri Dobrev

Dobri Dimitrov Dobrev () (born 20 July 1914 – 13 February 2018), better known as Grandpa Dobri, Elder Dobri (), or The Saint of Bailovo was a Bulgarian philanthropist. He walks several kilometers each day to sit or stand in front of the Cathedral of Alexander Nevsky in Sofia to collect money for charitable causes. Dobrev donates all the money he collects to charities, orphanages, churches and monasteries. He turned 100 in July 2014.

On 13 February 2018, Dobrev died at Kremikovtsi Monastery at the age of 103.

Ackerly, Texas

Ackerly is a city in Dawson and Martin Counties in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2020 Census, the population was 264.

Grace Lee Whitney

Grace Lee Whitney (born Mary Ann Chase; April 1, 1930 - May 1, 2015) was an American actress and entertainer. She was best known as Janice Rand on the "Star Trek" television series.

Whitney died at her home in Coarsegold, California on May 1, 2015 from natural causes, aged 85.


Revaz Chkheidze

Revaz "Rezo" Chkheidze (; 8 December 1926 – 3 May 2015) was a Georgian movie director. He was known for directing "Father of a Soldier" and "The Saplings", both of which entered at the Moscow Film Festival. He was awarded the title of People's Artist of the USSR in 1980.

Danny Jones (rugby league)

Danny Jones (6 March 1986 – 3 May 2015) was a Welsh professional rugby league footballer. He played at international level for Wales and at club level for Halifax and Keighley Cougars.

Jones died of cardiac arrest while playing in London. He was 29 years old.

Stuart Archer

Colonel Bertram Stuart Trevelyan Archer GC OBE ERD (3 February 1915 – 2 May 2015), known as Stuart Archer, was a recipient of the George Cross, the highest British and Commonwealth award for gallantry not in the face of the enemy. 

Archer was born in London.

On 3 February 2015 Archer became the first recipient of the Victoria Cross or the George Cross to reach 100 years of age. 

Archer died on 2 May 2015 at the age of 100.

Karl Guthe Jansky

Karl Guthe Jansky (October 22, 1905 – February 14, 1950) was an American physicist and engineer. He worked in astronomy. In 1927, he discovered that the Milky Way emitted radio waves. This makes him one of the founding fathers of radio astronomy.

Konstantin K. Kuzminsky

Konstantin Konstantinovich Kuzminsky (; 16 April 1940 – 2 May 2015) was a Russian-American performance poet. He published "The Blue Lagoon Anthology of Modern Russian Poetry" as well as other publications including a collection of Russian poetry "The Living Mirror". He also appeared in many documentary movies, including two by Andrei Zagdansky.

Kuzminsky was born in Leningrad (now called Saint Petersburg). He moved to the United States from the Soviet Union in 1978. He was married to Emma, nicknamed "Mouse".

Kuzminsky died on 2 May 2015 in New York City, aged 75.


Abdul Basit Usman

Ahmad Akmad Usman y Batabol (1974 – 3 May 2015), better known as Abdul Basit Usman, was a Filipino Islamist and fugitive. He was a bomb making expert who was head of the Special Operations Group of the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters and had links with Abu Sayyaf and Jemaah Islamiyah groups.

Usman was born in a village in Shariff Aguak, Maguindanao to a Muslim family. He worked as an Overseas Filipino Worker (OFW) in Pakistan before taking part in militant activities.

Usman was killed on 3 May 2014 in Guindulungan, aged 40/41.

Nigel Terry

Peter Nigel Terry (15 August 1945 – 30 April 2015) was an English stage and movie actor. He was best known by for his role of King Arthur in John Boorman's "Excalibur" (1981). He appeared in the movies "The Lion in Winter" (1968) and "Troy" (2004). He also appeared in the television series "Covington Cross", "Casualty", "Doctor Who", "" and "Waking the Dead".

Terry was born in Bristol, Gloucestershire. He died from emphysema on 30 April 2015, aged 69.

Duri Camichel

Duri Camichel (6 May 1982 – 28 April 2015) was a Swiss professional ice hockey player.

Paul Émile Chabas

Paul Émile Chabas (March 7, 1869 – May 10, 1937) was a French painter. He was born in Nantes. He studied with William-Adolphe Bouguereau. He often travelled, to Norway, Algeria and Greece. During his lifetime, he was known for the portraits he painted. He liked to paint naked girls, in natural settings. Probably his best known work is "September Morning", dated 1912.

Human

A human is a member of the species "Homo sapiens", which means 'wise man' in Latin. Carolus Linnaeus put humans in the mammalian order of primates. Humans are a species of hominid, and chimpanzees, bonobos, gorillas and orangutans are their closest living relatives.

Humans are mammals. They are also social animals. They usually live in groups. They help and protect each other. They care for their children. Humans are bipedal, which means they walk on two legs.

Humans have a complex brain, which is much larger than that of the other living apes. They use language, make ideas, and feel emotions. This brain, and the fact that arms are not needed for walking, lets humans use tools. Humans use tools far more than any other species. Their tools are very advanced.

Humans first came from Africa. There are humans living on every continent. As of 2022, there were over 7900 million people living on Earth. Overpopulation is a problem.

Humans have a long period of development after birth. Their life depends less on instinct than other animals, and more on learning. Humans are also born with their brains not so well developed as those of other mammals. This makes for an unusually long childhood, and so makes family life important. If their brains were better developed at birth, their head would be larger, and this would make birth more difficult. In birth, the baby's head has to get through the 'birth canal', the passageway through the mother's pelvis.

Many animals use signs and sounds to communicate with each other. But humans have language. It lets them express ideas by using words. Humans are capable of abstract ideas and can communicate them to others. Human language can express things which are not present, or talk about events that are not happening at that time. The things might be elsewhere, and the events may also have occurred at another place or time.

No known animals have a system of communication that is as elaborate as human language. By using words to communicate with each other, humans make complex communities with laws, traditions and customs. Humans like to understand the world around them. They try to explain things through myth, science and philosophy. Wanting to understand things has helped humans make important discoveries.

Humans are the only species living today known to build fires, to cook their food and wear clothes. Humans use more technology than any other animal on Earth ever has. Humans like things that are beautiful and like to make art, literature and music. Humans use education and teaching to pass on skills, ideas and customs to the next generations.

Humans are part of the animal kingdom. They are mammals, which means that they give birth to their young, and females feed their babies with breast milk. Humans belong to the order of primates. Apes like gorillas, orangutans, chimps, and gibbons are also primates. 

The closest living relatives of humans are the two chimpanzee species: the common chimpanzee and the bonobo. Scientists have examined the genes of humans and chimpanzees, and compared their DNA. The studies showed that 95% to 99% of the DNA of humans and chimpanzees is the same.

Biologists explain the similarity between humans and other hominoids by their descent from a common ancestor. In 2001, a hominid skull was discovered in Chad. The skull is about 7 million years old, and has been classified as "Sahelanthropus tchadensis". This skull may show that the date at which humans started to evolve (develop differently) from other primates is 2 million years earlier than scientists had previously thought.

Humans are part of a subfamily called the Homininae (or hominins), inside the hominids or great apes.

There used to be other types of hominins on Earth. They were similar to modern humans, but not the same. "Homo sapiens" are the only type of hominins who are alive today. The earliest known fossils of genus "Homo" have been called "Homo habilis" (handy man). The first fossils of "Homo habilis" were found in Tanzania. "Homo hablilis" is thought to have lived about 2.2 to 1.7 million years ago. Another human species thought to be an ancestor of the modern human is "Homo erectus". There are other extinct species of "Homo" known today. Many of them were likely our 'cousins', as they developed differently to our ancestors. Different species of plants and animals moved from Africa to the Middle East, and then elsewhere. Early humans may have moved from Africa to other parts of the world in the same way.

The first truly modern humans seem to have appeared between 300,000, and 200,000 years ago in East Africa. In paleontology, 200,000 years is a "short" time. So, scientists speak of a "recent single origin" of humans. Some of these early humans later moved out from Africa. By about 90,000 years ago they had moved into Eurasia. This was the area where Neanderthals, "Homo neanderthalensis", had been living for a long time (at least 350,000 years).

By about 42 to 44,000 years ago "Homo sapiens" had reached western Europe, including Britain. In Europe and western Asia, "Homo sapiens" replaced the neanderthals by about 35,000 years ago. The details of this event are not known.

At roughly the same time "Homo sapiens" arrived in Australia. Their arrival in the Americas was much later, about 15,000 years ago. All these earlier groups of modern man were hunter-gatherers.
Early human history is commonly divided into three ages. The time periods are labeled with the material used for tools.

The "Stone Age" is commonly subdivided into the Paleolithic, Mesolithic, and Neolithic periods.

Up to about 10 thousand years ago most humans were hunter-gatherers. They did not live in one place, but moved around as the seasons changed. The start of planting crops for food, called farming made the Neolithic revolution. Some people chose to live in settlements. This also led to the invention of metal tools and the training of animals. About 6000 years ago the first proper civilizations began in places like Egypt, India, and Syria. The people formed governments and armies for protection. They competed for area to live and resources and sometimes they fought with each other. About 4000 years ago some states took over or conquered other states and made empires. Examples include ancient Greece and the Roman Empire.

Some modern day religions also began at this time such as Judaism and Hinduism. From the Middle Ages and beyond humanity saw an explosion of new technology and inventions. The printing press, the car, the train, and electricity are all examples of this kind of invention. As a result of the developments in technology, modern humans live in a world where everyone is connected, for example by telephone or by internet. People now control and change the environment around them in many different ways.

In early times, humans usually settled near to water and other natural resources. In modern times if people need things they can transport them from somewhere else. So basing a settlement close to resources is no longer as important as it once was. Since 1800, the number of humans, or population, has increased by six billion. Most humans (61%) live in Asia. The rest live in the Americas (14%), Africa (14%), Europe (11%), and Oceania (0.5%).

Most people live in towns and cities. This number is expected to get higher. In 2005 the United Nations said that by the end of that year, over half the world would be living in cities. This is an important change in human settlement patterns: a century earlier in 1900 only 14% of people lived in cities, in 2000 47% of the world's population lived in cities. In developed countries, like the United States, 80% of the population live in cities.

Humans have a large effect on the world. Humans are at the top of the food chain and are generally not eaten by any animals. Humans have been described as super predators because of this. Because of industry and other reasons humans are said to be a big cause of global climate change.

Human body measurements differ. The worldwide average height for an adult human male is about , and the worldwide average height for adult human females is about . The average weight of an adult human is for females and for males. Body weight and body type is influenced by genetics and environment. It varies greatly among individuals.

Human hair grows on the underarms, the genitals, legs, arms, and on the top of the head in adults of both genders. Hair will usually grow on the face of most adult males, and on the chest and back of many adult males. In human children of both genders, long hair grows only on the top of the head. Although it might look like humans have fewer hairs than most primates, they actually do not. The average human has more hair "follicles", where hair grows from, than most chimpanzees have. Human hair can be black, brown, red or blond. When humans get older hair can turn grey or white.

Human skin colors vary greatly. They can be a very pale pink all the way to dark brown. There is a reason why people in tropical areas have dark skins. The dark pigment (melanin) in the skin protects them against ultraviolet rays in sunlight. The damage caused by UV rays can and does cause skin cancer in some people. Therefore, in more sunny areas, natural selection favors darker skin color. Sun tanning has nothing to do with this issue, because it is just a temporary process which is not inherited. In colder climates the advantage of light-coloured skin is two-fold. It radiates less heat, and it absorbs more sunlight. In weaker sunlight a darker body produces less vitamin D than a lighter body. The selection for lighter skin is driven by these two reasons. Therefore, in less sunny areas, natural selection favours lighter skin colour.

Humans are not as strong as other primates of the same size. An average female orangutan is at least three times as strong as an average human.

The average human male needs 7 to 8 hours sleep a day. People who sleep less than this are generally not as healthy. A child needs even more sleep, 9 to 10 hours on average.

The human life cycle is similar in some ways to most other mammals. However, there are some differences. The young grow inside the female mother for nine months. After this time the baby is pushed out of the woman's vagina, with its brain only half developed. 

Unlike most other mammals, human childbirth is somewhat dangerous. Babies' heads are large, and the mothers pelvis bones are not very wide. Since people walk on two legs, their hips are fairly narrow. This means that birth can be difficult. Rarely, mother or baby may die in childbirth. The number of mothers dying in childbirth is less in the 21st century. This is because of better medication and treatment. If a difficult birth is foreseen, the foetus can be removed surgically, and incubated (developed, but not in the womb).

In many poor countries the number of mothers dying is higher. Sometimes it is up to 10 times as many as richer countries.

In the human female, her fertile period in the oestrous cycle is hidden, and mating can take place at any time. That is quite unusual. In mammals generally the fertile period is very noticeable. Mating only takes place when the female signals her fertility. Think about cats, for example. The human cycle is unusual, and it is thought that there is a reason. Humans band together in tribes which have many people. It helps the tribe if the father of a child is not known for certainty. Men live together and work together in "much" larger groups than do chimpanzees (our nearest living relatives). They have a collective interest in the tribe. It is thought that the human mating system helps this.

The average human baby weighs 3–4 kg at birth and is 50–60 cm tall. Babies are often smaller in poorer countries, and may die early because of this.

Humans have four stages in their lives: childhood, adolescence, adulthood and old age.

Life expectancy is how long you are expected to live. This depends on many things including where you live. The highest life expectancy is for people from Monaco, 89.52 years. The lowest is for people from Chad where life expectancy is only 49.81 years.

Psychology is the study of how the human mind works. The human brain is the main controller of what a person does. Everything from moving and breathing to thinking is done by the brain. The human neocortex is huge compared with other mammals, and gives us our thinking ability, and the ability to speak and understand language.

Neurology is the study of how the brain works, psychology is the study of how and why people think and feel. Many aspects of life are also influenced by the hormone system, including growth and sexual development. The hormonal system (especially the pituitary gland) is partly controlled by the brain.

Human behaviour is hard to understand, so sometimes psychologists study animals because they may be simpler and easier to know. Psychology overlaps with many other sciences including medicine, biology, computer science and linguistics.

Language at its most basic is talking, reading and writing. The study of language is called linguistics. Humans have the most complicated languages on Earth. Although almost all animals communicate, human language is unique. Its use of syntax, and its huge learnt vocabulary are its main features. There are over 7,300 languages spoken around the world. The world's most spoken first language is Mandarin Chinese, and the most spoken language is English. This includes speakers of English as a second language.

This is to explain the difference between features which are long established, and ones which are relatively recent in evolution. The human ability to walk and run upright on two legs is recent. The ability to speak is even more recent. Contrast those two with something ancient, like the way most land vertebrates walk on four legs. 

In every case, the older way is very reliable in its development, and the new tactic is more variable, and involves some learning.

Art has existed almost as long as humans. People have been doing some types of art for thousands of years as the picture on the right shows. Art represents how someone feels in the form of a painting, a sculpture or a photograph.

Music has also been around for thousands of years. Music can be made with only your voice but most of the time people use instruments. Music can be made using simple instruments only such as simple drums all the way up to electric guitars, keyboards and violins. Music can be loud, fast, quiet, slow or many different styles. Music represents how the people who are playing the music feel.

Literature is anything made or written using language. This includes books, poetry, legends, myths and fairy tales. Literature is important as without it many of the things we use today, such as Wikipedia, would not exist.

Humans often categorize themselves by race or ethnicity. Modern biologists know that human gene sequences are very similar compared to many other animals. This is because of the "recent single origin" of modern humans. That is one reason why there is only one human race.

Ethnic groups are often linked by linguistic, cultural, ancestral, and national or regional ties. Race and ethnicity can lead to different social treatment called racism.

Religion is a belief of faith in a higher being, spirit, or any system of ideas that a group of people believe in. To have faith in a belief is to have the belief without proof that it is true. Faith can bring people together because they all believe in the same thing. Some of the things religions talk about are what happens after death, why humans exist, how humans came to exist (creation), and what is good to do and not to do (morality). Some people are very religious. Many people believe in one all-powerful god; some people believe in more than one god; some people are atheists, who do not believe in a god; and some people are agnostics, who are not sure if there is a god.

Technology are the things and methods which humans use to make tasks easier. Science is understanding how the universe and the things in it work. Technology used to be quite simple. It was passed on by people telling others, until writing was invented. This allowed technology to develop much quicker. Now people understand more and more about the world and the universe. The use of the telescope by Galileo, Einstein's theory of relativity, lasers, and computing are all scientific discoveries. Technology is of great importance to science, to medicine, and to everyday life.

A war is a lethal fight between large groups of people, usually countries or states. A war involves the use of lethal weapons as both sides try to kill the other. It is estimated that during the 20th century, between 167 and 188 million humans died because of war. The people who fight for a state in wars are called soldiers. The people who fight in wars, but not for a state, are usually called "fighters".

Modern wars are very different from wars a thousand or even a hundred years ago. Modern war involves sabotage, terrorism, propaganda, and guerrilla warfare. In modern-day wars, civilians (people who are not soldiers) are often targets. An example of this is the nuclear bomb dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki at the end of World War II. The bombs killed as many as 140,000 people in Hiroshima and 80,000 in Nagasaki by the end of 1945, about half on the days of the bombings. Since then, thousands more have died from wounds or illness because of exposure to radiation released by the bombs. In both cities, the overwhelming majority of the dead were civilians. In Germany, Austria, and Great Britain, conventional bombs were used. About 60,595 British, and 550,000 German, civilians were killed by planes bombing cities.


Treehouse

Treehouses are platforms or buildings built into a tree. They are constructed around, next to, or in mature trees. They are usually above ground level. Tree houses can be used for recreation, work space or as an observation deck. A tree house can be a peaceful quiet place for seclusion or solitude.

Treehouses are often built for children to play. They are a natural extension of children's love of climbing trees. Treehouses can also be a casual retreat or working space, especially if provided with electricity. In many parts of the world guests can rent a treehouse. They can also stay in a treehouse hotel.

Sometimes they are built for protection against wild animals. In some parts of the tropics, houses are either fastened to trees or elevated on stilts. This is to keep the living quarters above the ground to protect occupants. A tree house can also be a place to store food from scavenging animals. The Korowai, a Papuan tribe in the southeast of Irian Jaya, live in tree houses. Some are nearly high (see image below). They are used as protection against a tribe of neighbouring head-hunters, the Citak.

Tree houses are an option for building eco-friendly houses in remote forest areas. They do not require a clearing of a certain area of forest. Because they are elevated or built into forested areas, they are not desirable to some people.


French touch

French touch or French house was a kind of house music, which became popular in France in the mid-1990s, and spread to the rest of Europe later.

Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)

Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) is the debut studio album by American hip-hop group Wu-Tang Clan released on November 9, 1993 by Loud Records. It was entirely produced by the group leader RZA.

The album has been considered to be one of the greatest hip-hop album in history and Wu-Tang Clan's best work.


Mike Richter

Michael Thomas Richter (born September 22, 1966) is an American retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He played parts of 14 years in the National Hockey League (NHL) all with the New York Rangers. He also played for the United States in international play and won a silver medal with them at the 2002 Winter Olympics. He was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame along with his former teammate Brian Leetch in 2008.

Before playing in the NHL, Richter played college hockey with the University of Wisconsin–Madison Badgers from 1985 until 1987. He also played 2 years in the International Hockey League (IHL) with the Colorado Rangers/Denver Rangers organization.

He was drafted 28th overall by the New York Rangers in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft. On April 9, 1989, Richter made his NHL debut in Game 4 of the Division Semifinals against the Pittsburgh Penguins.

The Rangers lost the game and were eliminated from the playoffs but Richter was chosen to be a regular member of the team. The next two seasons, he shared goaltending duties with John Vanbiesbrouck. When the Rangers traded Vanbiesbrouck to the Vancouver Canucks before the 1993–94 season, Richter became the Rangers starting goaltender. During his first year as the Rangers starter, he was able to record 42 wins and a 2.57 goals against average, as the Rangers won the Presidents' Trophy. Richter was also named the Most Valuable Player of the NHL All-Star Game that year.

Richter helped the Rangers reach the Stanley Cup Finals against the Vancouver Canucks. During Game 4, Richter made a career highlight when he was able to stop a penalty shot by Pavel Bure. The Rangers were able to defeat the Canucks in Game 7 and win the Stanley Cup, their first since 1940. He helped the United States win the 1996 World Cup of Hockey and was named as the Most Valuable Player.

Richter was able to record 300 regular season wins before he was forced to retire from playing professional ice hockey on September 3, 2003 because of a skull fracture and concussion. On February 4, 2004, the Rangers retired Richter's jersey #35.


Andrew Lewis (boxing)

Andrew Lewis (11 December 1970 – 4 May 2015), nicknamed "Six Heads", was a Guyanese professional boxer in the middleweight division. He was the WBA World Welterweight Champion.

Lewis was born in Georgetown. He died in a motorcycle accident, aged 44.

Ryan McHenry

Ryan McHenry (13 December 1987 – 2 May 2015) was a Scottish movie director. He was best known for the movie "Zombie Musical" in which he received a nomination for the Best Director at the 2011 British Academy Scotland New Talent Awards. He also created the popular "Ryan Gosling Won't Eat His Cereal" series on Vine.

McHenry was born in Dumfries. He died from osteosarcoma (a type of bone cancer), in Dumfries, aged 27.

Norman Thaddeus Vane

Norman Thaddeus Vane (July 7, 1928 – May 2, 2015) was an American screenwriter, producer, playwright and movie director. He served as writer for the 1968 movie "Mrs. Brown, You've Got a Lovely Daughter". 

Later he was writer and associate producer of the movie "Lola". He wrote the screenplay for the 1972 movie, "". Vane went on to direct the 1983 movie, "Frightmare".

Vane died on May 2, 2015 from heart failure in Hollywood, California at age 86.


Joshua Ozersky

Joshua Ozersky (August 22, 1967 – May 4, 2015) was an American food writer and historian. He is known for being the finding editor of "New York" magazine's food blog, "Grub Street".


Macrococcus

Macrococcus is a genus of bacteria. The cells are coccoid or spherical. "Macrococcus" is gram-positive. It is catalase and oxidase-positive.

Ste-Anne Church (Ottawa)

Ste-Anne is a Catholic church building in the Lowertown neighbourhood of Ottawa, Canada. It was built in 1873 by architect J.P. LeCourt. It is built like churches in Quebec even though it is in Ontario. Ste-Anne is the home of St. Clement Parish, a bilingual parish community that celebrates the Mass and other sacraments in Latin using the 1962 Roman Missal.

In the 1870s, the French Catholics in Ottawa were meeting at Notre-Dame Cathedral. This church was too small for them, so Bishop Joseph-Bruno Guigues decided to make a new church. The church was designed by J.P. LeCourt and built by Pierre Rocque. Bishop Guigues laid the cornerstone on May 4, 1873.

In April 2009, part of the roof fell down. The church was closed for 18 months while the roof was fixed. When the church was opened again, not many people were meeting there anymore, so the Archdiocese of Ottawa closed it again. Archbishop Terrence Prendergast gave the church to St. Clement Parish, who started to meet there on June 3, 2012.

Ste-Anne Catholic Church is an important building in the history of Ottawa. The province of Ontario lists it as a designated heritage property. The church has a plaque that describes the history of the church.

The building is plain and made of stone. It has a round rose window like churches used to have in the Middle Ages. It has a steeple with four bells.

Frits Bolkestein

Frederik "Frits" Bolkestein (; born 4 April 1933) is a retired Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He served as a Member of the House of Representatives from 16 January 1978, until 5 November 1982.


Hans Jansen

Johannes Juliaan Gijsbert "Hans" Jansen (17 November 1942 - 5 May 2015) was a Dutch scholar of contemporary Islam and politician in the Netherlands. He was born in Amsterdam. Until his death he was a Member of the European Parliament for the political party Party for Freedom.

Jansen died of a stroke at the age of 72.


Carly Fiorina

Cara Carleton "Carly" Fiorina (née Sneed; born September 6, 1954) is an American businesswoman. Fiorina is known for being Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Hewlett-Packard (HP) and Chair of the philanthropic organization Good360. She ran for the Republican Party's nomination of President of the United States in 2016. In March 2016, Fiorina endorsed Ted Cruz for the nomination. On April 27, 2016, Cruz named Fiorina as his running mate. Cruz dropped out of the race on May 3. On December 19, 2016, after Trump's victory in the election, the Electoral College convened; Fiorina received one electoral vote for Vice President of the United States.

As Chief Executive Officer of HP from 1999 to 2005, Fiorina was the first woman to lead a Top-20 company as ranked by "Fortune" Magazine. In 2002, Fiorina oversaw what was then the largest technology sector merger in history, in which HP acquired rival personal computer manufacturer, Compaq. The transaction made HP the world's largest seller of personal computers. HP subsequently laid off 30,000 U.S. employees in order to save 80,000 jobs. The company then grew to 150,000. In February 2005, she had to resign as CEO and Chair, following a boardroom disagreement.

Fiorina was born in Austin, Texas. Her parents were Joseph Tyree Sneed, III and Madelon Montross. She studied at Stanford University, at the University of Maryland, and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Fiorina was raised Episcopalian.

In 2002, Fiorina undertook the biggest high-tech merger in history with rival computer company Compaq, which made HP the world's largest personal computer manufacturer.

Fiorina performed unpaid service on the Defense Business Board, which looked at staffing issues, among others, at The Pentagon.

Fiorina spent two years leading the Central Intelligence Agency's External Advisory Board, from 2007 to 2009. She became chair of that board, when the board was first created in 2007 by then-CIA director Michael Hayden.

After resigning as CEO of HP, Fiorina served on the boards of several organizations and as an advisor to Republican John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign. She won the Republican nomination for the United States Senate from California in 2010. However, she lost the general election to incumbent Democratic Senator Barbara Boxer.

On November 4, 2009, Fiorina said she wanted to run in the 2010 Senate election. She wanted to remove Democrat Barbara Boxer from her spot as a senator.

On June 8, 2010, Fiorina won the Republican primary election for the Senate with over 50 percent of the vote. She beat Tom Campbell and State Assemblyman Chuck DeVore.

On November 4, 2010, Boxer won the general election with 52.2% to Fiorina's 42.2%. This was a good margin because a lot of Democrats were showing up to vote, especially in Los Angeles.

In May 2015, Fiorina announced she was running for President. She withdrew on February 10, 2016.

Fiorina was married to Todd Bartlem from 1977 until they divorced in 1984. She then married Frank Fiorina in 1985. Fiorina has said that she wanted to have children with Frank but "that wasn't God's plan".

Fiorina was diagnosed with stage II breast cancer in February 2009. She underwent a double mastectomy in March. It was followed by chemotherapy, which got rid of her hair for a while. She also later had radiation therapy. She was said to have a good chance to recover.

Fiorina is a Christian who believes that everyone is "equal in the eyes of God."


Austin St. John

Austin St. John (born Jason Geiger; September 17, 1974) is an American EMT and former actor and martial artist. He is best known for his role as Jason Lee Scott, the original Red Ranger and first leader of the Power Rangers on the television series "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers".

St. John holds a second-degree black belt in taekwondo, a first-degree black belt in judo, and is also a practitioner of kenpo. St. John has also worked as an emergency medical technician and firefighter in Washington, D.C. and on the East Coast.

He graduated from Concordia University.



River Avon

River Avon may refer to:







Avon River (Gippsland, Victoria)

The Avon River is a perennial river in the West Gippsland area of Victoria, Australia. When rain falls on the south eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range, the water flows down the river to form the Gippsland Lakes.

The Avon River begins on the south eastern slopes of Mount Wellington, part of the Great Dividing Range. The river to the south, then east, then south by southeast, before reaching its mouth to form Lake Wellington. The Avon has ten tributaries including the Turton River and the Perry River. The Latrobe River also flows into Lake Wellington. This lake empties into Bass Strait through the Mitchell River south of Lakes Entrance. The Avon River drops over its course.

The upper parts of the river are inside the rugged, forested and largely inaccessible Avon Wilderness Park. The river then passes through hills covered in forest, and then through cleared farm land. Around Stratford the river is up to across, flowing through sand and pebble banks. Along the edge of the river is the Macallister Irrigation District. The water from this irrigation area flows into the river along Nuntin Creek which joins downstream of Stratford. 

The Avon does not have any large dams, and its water is mostly unused. Nearby, the Latrobe and Thomson Rivers supply Melbourne's drinking water, Australia's largest pulp and paper mill, the power industry in the Latrobe Valley, and irrigation, 

The Avon River was important to the indigenous Gunai/Kurnai people. At Knob Reserve, south of Stratford, is the Gunai/Kurnai "Bataluk Cultural Trail". This trail follows the paths used by the indigenous people of East Gippsland for 30,000 years.
In the Australian Aboriginal Brataualung language the river has two names, the first, Dooyeedang, has no known meaning. The second name, Kutbuntaura-wurk, means "fire carriers" and "wurk", meaning "land" or "country".

The river was named the Avoca River by the explorer Thomas Mitchell. It was named the Avon by Angus McMillan in about 1840.


J. M. Coetzee

John Maxwell Coetzee (born 9 February 1940) is a South African-Australian novelist, essayist, linguist, literacy critic, activist and translator. He won the 2003 Nobel Prize in Literature. He has won the Booker Prize twice for "The Life and Times of Michael K" (1983) and "Disgrace" (1999). He writes his works in English, Afrikaans and Dutch. He moved to Australia in 2002 and became a citizen in 2006.

Coetzee was born in Cape Town to Afrikaner parents. He studied at the University of Texas at Austin and the University of Cape Town. He lives in Adelaide, South Australia with his partner Dorothy Driver. He was married to Philippa Jubber from 1963 to 1980. They had two children, son Nicholas (died 1989) and daughter Gisela.


Québec En Alerte

Québec En Alerte (Alert Ready Quebec) is a public emergency communication system of the Canadian province of Quebec. It is also an additional system to those already used in the municipalities. This system will be used to distribute to the population of the province or a particular area the emergency notifications, or alerts, issued by the Ministry of Public Security and Environment Canada. The notifications are transmitted to the population via the television stations, the radio stations and the Internet.

At the moment, the system seems to be on trial.

On May 5, 2015 at 13:58 EDT, a test was done. However, it was not successful. An other simulation will be planned soon.

The messages are, at the moment, in French only.

A text in white on a red background interrupts the program. The message begins and ends with an audio signal, such as this one. In case of a test, there is a test message. In case of a real alert, there is a message including the information about the event and the instructions to the population.

The notification begins and ends with an audio signal. The message is read by a person or a special system.


Errol Brown

Lester Errol Brown MBE (12 November 1943 – 6 May 2015) was a British-Jamaican singer and songwriter. He was best known as the frontman of soul band Hot Chocolate. Hot Chocolate's hits included "You Sexy Thing", "Emma", "So You Win Again" and "Brother Louie". Brown was born in Kingston, Jamaica.

Brown died of liver cancer at his home in the Bahamas on 6 May 2015, aged 71.


William Broomfield

William S. "Bill" Broomfield, (April 28, 1922 – February 20, 2019) was an American politician. He represented the U.S. state of Michigan in the United States House of Representatives from 1957 through 1993.

Broomfield died on February 20, 2019 in Kensington, Maryland at the age of 96.


Arno Schmidt

Arno Schmidt (18 January 1914 – 3 June 1979) was a German author and translator. He was born in Hamburg, Germany. He is considered to be one of the most important postwar German authors. His writing "ranges from (seemingly) straightforward stories to writing that assails the reader with a literary and linguistic density of the highest degree."
To make his most famous work, "Zettels Traum" ["Bottom's Dream"], Schmidt wrote 130,000 note cards ("Zettel"). The novel is written in an unusual way. The text is written in three columns on each page. Each column has a different theme. In addition, Schmidt used physical constructs in the novel that had to be added by hand. 



Spelt

Spelt ("Triticum spelta"), sometimes called dinkel wheat or hulled wheat, is a type of wheat. It has been cultivated since 5000 BC. It is a hexaploid wheat, which means it has six sets of chromosomes.

Spelt was an important staple food in parts of Europe from the Bronze Age to medieval times. It is still grown in Central Europe and northern Spain. Spelt originated before common wheat ("Triticum aestivum"), and that bread wheat is derived from spelt. 

Spelt has become more popular as a type of bread in recent years. Spelt costs more than modern wheats. One reason is that it is a minority product. It also needs an extra stage to remove its husks before milling (grinding).

Spelt needs less pesticide than normal wheat. Nutritionally, wholemeal spelt is similar to normal wholemeal wheat, with higher protein content. 

People with celiac disease should avoid eating spelt.

Lyceum

The Lyceum was originally a public meeting place in classical Athens. It became the meeting place for the discussion group or "school" of Aristotle. He founded the Peripatetic school there in 334/335 BC. The school was called "peripatetic" because they used to walk around as they discussed things. It was more like a college for young adults than what we now call a school.

The word "Lyceum" now means a school in most parts of Europe. Usually, it covers the last two or three years and prepares the pupils for university.

The school started when Athens fell under Macedonian rule, and the 50-year old Aristotle returned from Asia. Aristotle had been the tutor of Alexander of Macedonia, Alexander the Great. 
In Athens, he began teaching regularly in the morning in the Lyceum. The group of scholars who took part came to be known as the Peripatetics.

Aristotle encouraged cooperative research. His students were given projects as part of their studies. The school was also student run. They elected a new student administrator every ten days, which allowed the students to become involved in turn. 

During his conquests of Asian regions, Alexander collected plant and animal specimens for Aristotle’s research. Aristotle developed the first zoo and botanical garden in existence. Alexander may also have given money to the Lyceum. In 322 BC, Aristotle was forced to flee Athens with his family when the political leaders reacted against the Macedonians. Aristotle's published works supporting Macedonian rule left him a target. He passed on his Lyceum to Theophrastus and died later that year near his hometown.

Smoking (cooking)

Smoking is a treatment for food, to make it last longer. It is mainly used for meat and fish. The food which is either cured or salted is exposed to the smoke of a fire. This will reduce the amount of water by between ten and forty percent. It also changes the texture and adds flavour. It is not one of the most effective ways of adding any preservation

Guy Carawan

Guy Carawan (July 27, 1927 – May 2, 2015) was an American folk musician and musicologist. He served as music director and song leader for the Highlander Research and Education Center in New Market, Tennessee. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Carawan died in New Market, Tennessee at the age of 87.


New Market, Tennessee

New Market is a town in Jefferson County, Tennessee. It is part of the Morristown, Tennessee Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,334 at the 2010 census and 1,349 at the 2020 census.

Salting (food)

Salting is a treatment for food to make it last longer. Salting means that the food is treated with table salt. 

Salting is similar to pickling. In pickling, food is treated with brine. The main types of food that are salted are fish and meat. Bacon is an example of salted meat. It was discovered in the 19th century that salt mixed with nitrites (saltpeter) would color meats red, rather than grey, and consumers at that time then strongly preferred the red-colored meat. The food hence preserved stays healthy and fresh for days avoiding bacterial decay.

Salting is one of the ancient ways to preserve food.

Jesús Hermida

Jesús Hermida Pineda (27 June 1947 – 4 May 2015) was a Spanish journalist. He worked as a U.S. correspondent for Televisión Española in New York City. Hermida was born in Ayamonte, Huelva.

Hermida died from a stroke in Madrid at the age of 77.

Port Gibson, Mississippi

Port Gibson is a city in Claiborne County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,269 at the 2020 census. Port Gibson is the county seat of Claiborne County.

Pickling

Pickling is a method of making food last longer. In pickling, the food is put either into vinegar, or in salt water (called brine). This food is often put in an airtight jar. Pickling also changes the flavour of the food. 

The key to pickling is that it produces low pH, 4.6 or lower. This kills most bacteria. Pickling can preserve perishable foods for months. Anti-microbial herbs and spices, such as mustard seed, garlic, cinnamon or cloves, are often added.

Common pickled foods include eggs, onions and other vegetables.

Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ottawa

The Archdiocese of Ottawa () is a Catholic archdiocese in Canada. It includes part of the province of Ontario. It is also in charge of three other smaller dioceses: Hearst, Pembroke, and Timmins. Its leader is Archbishop Terrence Prendergast. It became an archdiocese on June 8, 1886.

 As of 2004, there are 111 parishes, 177 active diocesan priests, 102 religious priests, and 400,000 Catholics in the Archdiocese of Ottawa.There are also 848 women religious, 147 religious brothers, and 60 permanent deacons.

Here is a list of the bishops and archbishops of Ottawa:



Curing (food preservation)

Curing refers to several processes of food preservation where salt, nitrates, nitrites or sugar is added to make the food last longer. Curing is usually applied to fish, meat and vegetables.

Take-out

Take-out or takeout (also called "carry-out", "take away" or "parcel") is food prepared in a restaurant that is eaten somewhere else. A concept found in many ancient cultures, take-out food is now common worldwide. There are any number of different cuisines and dishes to choose from.

The concept of prepared meals to be eaten elsewhere dates back to antiquity. Market and roadside stalls selling food were common in both Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome. In Pompeii, archaeologists have found a number of "thermopolia". These were service counters opening onto the street, which provided food to be taken away and eaten elsewhere. There is a distinct lack of formal dining and kitchen area in Pompeian homes. This suggests that eating, or at least cooking, at home was unusual. Over 200 "thermopolia" have been found in the ruins of Pompeii.

<br>

Emil Jones

Emil Jones, Jr. (born October 18, 1935 in Chicago, Illinois) was the President of the Illinois Senate from 2003 to 2009. A Democrat, Jones served in the Illinois Senate from 1983 to 2009, where he served as President of the Illinois Senate from 2003 to the end of his term. He was a member of the Illinois House of Representatives from 1973 until 1983.

Jones was born in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Loop Junior College (now Harold Washington College) and at Roosevelt University. He was married twice. His first wife, Patricia Jones died. He had four children with her. He is now married to Lorrie Jones.


John Cullerton

John J. Cullerton (born October 28, 1948) is an American politician. He is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate. He represents the 6th district since his appointment in 1991. He was elected President of the Illinois Senate in 2009.


Ruud Lubbers

Rudolphus Franciscus Marie "Ruud" Lubbers (; 7 May 1939 – 14 February 2018) was a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 4 November 1982 until 22 August 1994. He was the youngest and longest serving Prime Minister in Dutch history.

In January 2001, Lubbers became the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. He resigned in February 2005 after a worker accused Lubbers of sexual harassment.

Lubbers died on 14 February 2018 in Rotterdam, at the age of 78.


Dries van Agt

Andreas Antonius Maria "Dries" van Agt (; 2 February 1931 – 5 February 2024) was a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 19 December 1977, until 4 November 1982.


Ray Bourque

Raymond Jean Bourque (born December 28, 1960) is a former Canadian ice hockey player. He played for the Boston Bruins team. Bourque is also an Olympian. He played for 21 seasons for the Boston Bruins. He was their longest-serving captain. On March 6, 2000 the Bruins traded Bourque to Colorado with Dave Andreychuk for Brian Rolston, Martin Grenier, Samuel Pahlsson and New Jersey's 1st round choice (previously acquired by Colorado) in 2000 Entry Draft. Bourque finished his career with the Colorado Avalanche. There he won his only Stanley Cup in his final NHL game. He officially announced his retirement on June 26, 2001.

Bourque was awarded the Norris Trophy as the NHL's best defenseman five times (1987, 1988, 1990, 1991, 1994) . His jersey, #77 for both the Boston Bruins and the Colorado Avalanche, was retired by both teams in his honor. In his first year of eligibility, 2004, Bourque was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame.

Complete List of Career Awards:

Thaliacea

Thaliacea are free-floating animals with a ton-like appearance. Thaliaceae are Tunicates. They are filter feeders and live from plankton. Their reproduction is special, there is alternation of generations: One of the generations reproduces sexually, the following does not. Some of them form colonies.

Zeki Alasya

Zeki Alasya (18 April 1943 – 8 May 2015) was a Turkish actor and director. He began his acting career in the 1970s on television and movies, and directed about 20 movies. He also worked with comedian Metin Akpınar.

Alasya was born Istanbul and was of Turkish Cypriot ancestry. He died from liver disease, aged 72.

Józef Pazdur

Józef Pazdur (22 November 1924 – 7 May 2015) was a Polish Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1951. He was later named auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Wrocław in 1984, and retired in 2000.

Soma

Soma is a term with two different origins:


Islamic Republic of Afghanistan

The Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, sometimes abbreviated as IRA, is the name for the government that ruled Afghanistan between 2004 and 2021. In August 2021 during the Fall of Kabul, most of the city fell to the Taliban, and president Ashraf Ghani escaped from Afghanistan. On August 31, the Taliban had also taken the airport in Kabul.

The Islamic Republic of Afghanistan was founded following the United States invasion of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan in the earlier phases of the War in Afghanistan. Following this invasion, the Taliban started the Taliban insurgency against the new Afghan government. In 2014, Ashraf Ghani was elected to be the President of Afghanistan. In 2021, the Taliban launched the 2021 Taliban offensive. On 15 August 2021, the city of Kabul fell to the Taliban.


Atanas Semerdzhiev

Atanas Georgiev Semerdzhiev (21 May 1924 – 8 May 2015) was a Bulgarian politician. He served as the Vice President of Bulgaria from 1 August 1990 to 22 January 1992, under Zhelyu Zhelev. He was Army Chief of Staff from 1962 until the fall of communism in 1989. He was a member of the Bulgarian Socialist Party (BSP).

Semerdzhiev was born near Velingrad. He was a soldier during World War II.

Semerdzhiev died on 8 May 2015, aged 90.

Menashe Kadishman

Menashe Kadishman (lrm;; 21 August 1932 – 8 May 2015) was an Israeli sculptor and painter. He presented his artworks in central locations in Israel, such as Habima Square. His paintings can be found in many different galleries in Israel. He is most famous for his metallic sculptors and colorful paintings of sheep. In 1995, he won the Israel Prize.

Kadishman was born in Tel Aviv. He was divorced and had two children.

Kadishman died on 8 May 2015 in Ramat Gan, aged 82.

Zhivko Gospodinov

Zhivko Gospodinov (; 6 September 1957 – 4 May 2015) was a Bulgarian footballer. He was an attacking midfielder and playmaker. He played for Spartak Varna, Vatev Beloslav, Spartak Pleven, AD Fafe, Cherno More Varna and Beroe Stara Zagora from 1974 to 1992.

Gospodinov was born in Vladimirovo. He died on 4 May 2015 in Varna, aged 57.

Kava

Kava is a plant of the pepper family. It comes from Polynesia and other lands in the Pacific Islands.

The roots of the plant are used to make a drink with sedative and anesthetic properties. Kava is used in many cultures in the Pacific Ocean, besides its native Polynesia. These include Hawaii, Vanuatu, Melanesia and some parts of Micronesia. 

Kava can relieve pain and make people calm. It is usually taken as a drug to relax without losing mental clarity in thinking and remembering. Evidence collected in studies show Kava is likely more effective than a placebo at helping calm some mild anxiety.

John Dixon (cartoonist)

John Dangar Dixon (20 February 1929 – 7 May 2015) was an Australian comic book artist and writer. He was best known for his comic strip creation, "Air Hawk and the Flying Doctors", which ran from 1959 until 1986.

Dixon was born in Newcastle, New South Wales. He moved to the United States in the 1980s. In 2012, he was diagnosed with Lewy body dementia (LBD), a type of dementia related to Parkinson's disease. He was married to Sue and had two children.

Dixon had a stroke on 18 April 2015 at his home in the U.S. state of California. He died on 7 May, aged 86.

Lo Wing-lok

Lo Wing-lok (; 13 September 1954 – 9 May 2015) was a Hong Kong doctor and politician. He was a member of the Legislative Council for Medical from 2000 to 2004.

Lo was born in British Hong Kong. He graduated from the University of Hong Kong. His wife, Anna Yung Hiu-yan, died in 2013. They had a son.

Lo died from lung cancer on 9 May 2015 in Hong Kong, aged 60.

Leif Holger Larsen

Leif Holger Larsen (27 January 1954 – 8 May 2015) was a Norwegian diplomat. From 2014 until his death in 2015, he served as Norway's ambassador to Pakistan.

Larsen was born in Stavanger. He was married and had a son. Larsen died on 8 May 2015 in a helicopter crash in Naltar, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. He was 61.

Domingo Lucenario Jr.

Domingo D. Lucenario, Jr. (3 September 1960 – 8 May 2015) was a Filipino diplomat. From 2013 until his death, he was the Ambassador to Pakistan.

Lucenario was born in Manila. He was married and had three children.

Lucenario died on 8 May 2015 in a helicopter crash in Naltar, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. He was 54.

2015 Pakistan Army Mil Mi-17 crash

The 2015 Pakistan Army Mil Mi-17 crash happened on 8 May 2015 when a Pakistan Army helicopter crashed in Naltar, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. Of the 17 passengers and three crew, eight people died, including ambassadors Domingo Lucenario, Jr. from the Philippines, Leif Holger Larsen from Norway, and Burhan Muhammad from Indonesia.

Phil Skoglund

Philip Charles "Phil" Skoglund (20 June 1937 – 8 May 2015) was a New Zealand lawn bowls player. He competed in three Commonwealth Games (1974, 1978, 1990). He competed in five World Championships (1966, 1972, 1980, 1984, 1988), winning a gold medal (triples 1988).

Skoglund was born in Palmerston North. He was the son of politician and cabinet minister Philip Oscar Skoglund and nephew of champion lawn bowls player Pete Skoglund.

Skoglund died on 8 May 2015 in Palmerston North, aged 77.

Maurice Flanagan

Sir Maurice Flanagan (17 October 1928 – 7 May 2015) was a British businessman. He was the founding CEO of Emirates. He was also the Executive Vice-Chairman of The Emirates Group.

Flanagan was born in Leigh, Lancashire. He was married to Audrey Bolton from 1955 until his death. They had three children. He lived in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

Flanagan died on 7 May 2015 in London, aged 86.

Michael MacKellar

Michael John Randal MacKellar (27 October 1938 – 9 May 2015) was an Australian politician and agricultural scientist. He was the Liberal Member for Warringah from 25 October 1969 until 18 February 1994.

MacKellar was born in Moree, New South Wales. He had a partner and had three children. He died at the age of 76.

.5: The Gray Chapter

.5: The Gray Chapter is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band, Slipknot. ".5: The Gray Chapter" was released on October 17, 2014 through Roadrunner Records. 

It is Slipknot's first album to not feature bassist Paul Gray who died on May 24, 2010. It also did not feature drummer Joey Jordison who was fired from the band in December 2013.

The album peaked at #1 on the "Billboard" 200, #18 on the Top Hard Rock Albums, and at #2 on the Top Rock Albums. In 2014, the song "The Negative One" was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category of Best Metal Performance. 

My Immortal

"My Immortal" is the third single from American rock band Evanescence's first studio album "Fallen". The song was released on December 8, 2003. 

The song's lyrics were written by guitarist Ben Moody from fiction, and the music was written by pianist Amy Lee, who also added the bridge. It is a piano and power ballad. The lyrics are about a spirit that haunts the memory of a grieving loved one. 

On the "Billboard" charts, "My Immortal" was able to peak at #7 on Hot 100, #2 on the Mainstream Top 40, #1 on the Adult Top 40, and #19 on the Adult Contemporary charts. In 2005, the song was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category of Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. 


Nagoya University

, also known as , is a university in Nagoya, Japan. Its first name was "Nagoya Imperial University".

Six alumni and faculties of Nagoya University have received the Nobel Prize.


Igor Gorynin

Igor Vasilievich Gorynin (; 10 March 1926 – 9 May 2015) was a Russian metallurgist and politician. He was the creator of many new titanium and aluminium alloys, and reactor steels. He was also the inventor of the radiation hardened steels. He was the director of the Central Research Institute of Structural Materials (CRISM).

Gorynin was born in Leningrad. He died after a long illness on 9 May 2015 in Saint Petersburg, aged 89.

Mind control wasp

Hymenoepimecis argyraphaga is a Costa Rican parasitoid wasp whose host is the spider "Plesiometa argyra". The wasp modifies the spider's web building behavior to make a web of very strong lines. This supports the wasp's cocoon without breaking in the rain.

The adult female wasp temporarily paralyzes the spider and lays an egg on its abdomen. The egg hatches into a larva. The larva sucks the spider's blood through small holes, while the spider goes on about its normal web building and insect catching behavior.

When the larva is ready to pupate, it injects a chemical into the spider. This causes the spider to build a web whose design is completely different from any it has ever made. Then the spider sits still in the middle of the web.

The wasp larva then moults, kills the spider with a poison and sucks its body dry before discarding it and building a cocoon that hangs from the middle of the web the spider has just built. The larva pupates inside the cocoon, then emerges to mate and begin the cycle over again.

Don Getty

Donald Ross "Don" Getty, (August 30, 1933 – February 26, 2016) was a Canadian politician and football quarterback. He served as the 11th Premier of Alberta between 1985 and 1992.

A member of the Progressive Conservatives, he served as Energy Minister and Federal and Intergovernmental Affairs Minister in the government of Peter Lougheed before leaving politics for the private sector in 1979.

Before entering politics, Getty had been a quarterback for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League. He passed for more than eight thousand yards over his ten-year career, and was put on the team's Wall of Fame in 1992.

Getty died of heart failure at a hospital in Edmonton, Alberta on February 26, 2016 at the age of 82.

Glyptapanteles

Glyptapanteles is a genus of endoparasitoid wasp found in Central and North America. The larvae of the members of "Glyptapanteles" manipulate their hosts into serving as bodyguards.

Female "Glyptapanteles" stick their ovipositor into caterpillar hosts. The eggs hatch inside the caterpillar. The caterpillar feeds and grows normally until the 4th or 5th instar. Then up to 80 fully grown larvae emerge from its body to pupate.

After the larvae of "Glyptapanteles" emerge, the caterpillar takes up position near the cocoons of the pupae, arches its back, and ceases to move or feed. It will occasionally spin silk over the pupae. However, when disturbed, it begins to thrash violently. This behavior is to strike at and repel possible predators of the pupae, so improving the survival odds of the wasp pupae. Only about one in twenty non-parasitized caterpillars responded in this fashion. In 60% of cases, the parasitized caterpillars successfully warded off these potential predators. No longer eating, the affected caterpillar eventually dies.

Mortality rates for pupae not guarded by parasitized caterpillars were significantly higher.

In the course of Grosman's research, it was discovered that not all larval "Glyptapanteles" emerge from their caterpillar host. One or two remain behind and active. Probably these larvae manipulate the host. It is a kind of altruism, since these larvae miss their own chance of pupating in order to protect the brood.

Jacques Parizeau

Jacques Parizeau, GOQ, (; August 9, 1930 – June 1, 2015) was a Canadian economist and noted Quebec sovereigntist. He was born in Montreal. He was the 26th Premier of the province of Quebec from September 26, 1994, to January 29, 1996. He became a central figure alongside Lucien Bouchard for the "Yes" side in the 1995 Quebec referendum for the secession of Quebec from Canada. The citizens once again voted to stay in Canada. Jacques Parizeau quit as Premier of Quebec and as leader of the Parti Québécois in 1996 after the referendum failed.


Polydnavirus

The polydnaviruses (PDV) are a family of insect viruses. There are two genera: ichnoviruses (IV) and bracoviruses (BV). The ichnoviruses occur in ichneumonid wasps and bracoviruses in braconid wasps. 

The genome of the virus is composed of multiple segments of double-stranded DNA packed in capsid proteins and a double or single layer envelope. The sequences are quite different between BV and IV, suggesting that the two types evolved independently.

These viruses are part of a unique biological system with three parts: a parasitoid wasp, an insect (usually lepidopteran) larva, and the virus. The full genome of the virus is integrated into the genome of the wasp and the virus only replicates in a particular part of the ovary of pupal and adult female wasps. 

The virus is injected with the wasp egg into the body cavity of a host caterpillar and infects cells of the caterpillar. The infection does not lead to replication of new viruses, rather it affects the caterpillar's immune system. Without the virus infection, phagocytic haemocytes (blood cells) will kill the wasp egg. The immune suppression caused by the virus allows the wasp egg to survive. It hatches and develops in the caterpillar. Also, genes from the polydnavirus in the host alter host development and metabolism to be good for the growth and survival of the parasitoid larva. Thus the virus and wasp have a symbiotic (mutualistic) relationship.

Bill Davis

William Grenville "Bill" Davis, (July 30, 1929 – August 8, 2021) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Toronto. He was the 18th Premier of Ontario, Canada, from 1971 to 1985. 

In a 2012 edition, the Institute for Research on Public Policy's magazine, "Policy Options", named Davis the second-best Canadian premier of the last forty years, beaten only by Peter Lougheed.

Davis died on August 8, 2021 in Brampton, Ontario at the age of 92.

Dave Barrett

David Barrett (October 2, 1930 – February 2, 2018), commonly known as Dave Barrett, was a Canadian retired politician and social worker in British Columbia, Canada. He was the 26th Premier of British Columbia for three years between 1972 and 1975. He was born in Vancouver, British Columbia.

In 2014, it was announced that Barrett had Alzheimer's disease and was living in a care facility in Victoria, British Columbia. He died on February 2, 2018, aged 87.

Howard Pawley

Howard Russell Pawley (November 21, 1934 – December 30, 2015) was a Canadian politician and professor. He was born in Brampton, Ontario. He moved to Winnipeg at age 17. He was the 18th Premier of Manitoba from 1981 to 1988.

Pawley died in a hospital in Windsor, Ontario from a short-illness on December 30, 2015 at the age of 81.

Roger Stuart Bacon

Roger Stuart Bacon (June 29, 1926 – October 4, 2021) was a Nova Scotia politician. He was born in Upper Nappan, Nova Scotia. He was the 21st Premier of Nova Scotia from 1990 to 1991. He was also a member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly between 1970 until 1993. Bacon was a member of the Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia.

Bacon died on October 4, 2021 in Amherst, Nova Scotia at the age of 95.

Gerald Regan

Gerald Augustine Paul Regan (February 13, 1928 – November 26, 2019) was a Canadian politician. He served as the 19th Premier of Nova Scotia from 1970 to 1978. 

On October 27, 1993, CBC News revealed that the RCMP were investigating Regan for sexual misconduct. In March 1995 and May 1995 he was charged with a total of nineteen counts of sexual offences. Regan faced trial on eight charges including rape and attempted rape, for crimes committed in 1956 and 1969 against victims aged 14 and 18 at the time. 

On December 18, 1998, he was acquitted on all eight charges by a jury.

Regan died on November 26, 2019 in Bedford, Nova Scotia at the age of 91.

Martin Nag

Martin Nag (30 July 1927 – 2 May 2015) was a Norwegian literary historian, literary critic, poet, essayist, translator and biographer. He was born in Stavanger. Nag was known for his books "Uro, Rød lørdag" (1976) and "Steingjerde" (1991).

Nag died of a severe stroke in Oslo at the age of 88.

Kinnie

Kinnie is a carbonated soft drink from Malta. It was first developed in 1952 by Simonds Farsons Cisk in Malta. Kinnie is amber in colour. It has a bittersweet flavour. Kinnie is drunk straight or mixed with alcohol to create a mixed drink. Unlike cola products Kennie actually quenches thirst. The taste takes some getting used to. But it is very popular with locals and visitors.

Kinnie was first produced in 1952. It was an alternative to the cola drinks that were popular in post-war Europe. Kinnie's recipe is kept secret. The official website has more information about its ingredients. Kinnie may owe its bittersweet taste to a blend of "Mediterranean chinotto bitter oranges". It may be combined with a dozen different aromatic herbs and spices. These include anise, ginseng, vanilla, rhubarb and liquorice. A sales slogan was: "The problem with drinking kinnie is that you just can not get enough".

A diet version for Kinnie appeared in 1984. In 2007, a new low calorie version of Kinnie called "Kinnie Zest" was made available. This has a slightly darker colour and a stronger orange flavour. It is advertised as only having one calorie per bottle. The latest Kinnie variant is "Kinnie Vita" which is naturally sweetened using a blend of sugar and stevia leaf extract.

Kinnie is exported to the UK, Italy, Germany, Poland and the Netherlands, It is also exported to Libya and Canada. In recent years, Simonds Farsons Cisk also started to franchise Kinnie production overseas. As a result, Kinnie is now produced under licence in Australia. In March 2009, it was announced that Farsons were going to start exporting Kinnie into Russia. In the summer of 2010, Farsons and Kinnie UK Limited soft-launched Kinnie and its two variants in London's West End. They reached almost 100 trial outlets by September 2010.


Russell Wilson

Russell Carrington Wilson (born November 29, 1988) in Cincinnati, Ohio is the starting quarterback for the Denver Broncos. He wears the number 3.

Wilson was selected by the Seahawks in the third round in the 2012 National Football League draft. He led the Seahawks to a Super Bowl win in 2014 against the Denver Broncos led by Peyton Manning.

South Park (season 1)

The first season of "South Park", an American animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, aired on Comedy Central in the United States between August 13, 1997, and February 25, 1998, consisting of 13 episodes.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


South Park (season 2)

The second season of "South Park", an American animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, aired from April 1, 1998 to January 20, 1999. 

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


Nymphaea pubescens

The hairy water lily or pink water-lily ("Nymphaea pubescens") is a species of water lily. It is the Official National flower of Bangladesh respectively.

Nana Shineflug

Elizabeth "Nana" Shineflug (1935 - 15 January 2015) was an American dancer and choreographer. She started and led the Chicago Moving Company, a modern-dance troupe. Her style was not traditional: "Shineflug nurtured our God-given right to weirdness...," according to critic Laura Molzahn.

Shineflug's maiden name was Elizabeth Strohmeier. She grew up in Evanston, Illinois.

Shineflug graduated from Northwestern University with a degree in mathematics. Later, she was awarded an M.A. (1986) and Graduate Certificate in Laban Movement Analysis from Columbia College, Chicago.
In 1972, she started the Chicago Moving Company. She taught at Columbia College Chicago in the Interdisciplinary Arts Graduate Program and the Theater Department. Shineflug also taught modern dance, Qi Gong, and Psychocalesthenics through the Chicago Moving Company. She also performed and taught in other countries.

Nana Shineflug died of cancer in her Glenview, Illinois home on 15 January 2015. She was seventy-nine years old.


Ficus benghalensis

Ficus benghalensis, commonly known as the banyan, banyan fig and Indian banyan, is a tree that grows in India and Bangladesh. Some Indian banyan trees are among the largest trees in the world. It is recognized as the National trees of both the countries of the Indian subcontinent. It is the largest canopy-holder tree of the world. It can spread up to 2000 feet of land. It is said by its scientific name that, this mammoth tree is native and endemic to the Great Bengal Region (both Bangladesh and West Bengal of India). In Buddhism the banyan’s habit of supplanting its host tree is likened to the manner in which humans are overcome by sensual desire. Interestingly, the name ‘banyan’ came about when early Portuguese travellers to India noted that traders, or banias, set up shop in the shade of these enormous trees. Eventually the Gujarati word for ‘merchant’ became the name of the tree itself. When traveling in the fascinating country of Bangladesh, be sure to take note of the most unusual banyan tree.

Sounds of the Universe

Sounds of the Universe is the twelfth studio album by Depeche Mode. The album was released on 21 April 2009. It was first and only studio album with label Capitol Records. It was also the first album since 2005, when they released Playing the Angel.

Johnny Gimble

John Paul "Johnny" Gimble (May 30, 1926 – May 9, 2015) was an American country musician. He played the fiddle and worked in the Western swing genre. From the 1970s, he won five Best Instrumentalist awards from the Country Music Awards and eight Best Fiddle Player awards from the Academy of Country Music. 

He worked with musicians including Merle Haggard, Willie Nelson, Chet Atkins, Carrie Underwood and Ray Price. He appeared on "Austin City Limits" and Garrison Keillor's broadcasts. He was also a member of the Million Dollar Band and his last album was "Celebrating with Friends" (2010). Gimble was nominated for a Grammy Award.

Gimble was born in Tyler, Texas. He had many strokes in his later life and died on May 9, 2015 in Dripping Springs, Texas. He was 88.

Rutger Gunnarsson

Rutger Gunnarsson (12 February 1946 – 8 May 2015) was a Swedish musician, bass guitarist, arranger and record producer. He was best known as a bassist for ABBA on tours and their albums, serving as a Kapellmeister. He also worked with artists including Celine Dion, Westlife, Elton John, Adam Ant, Bobbysocks, Gwen Stefani, Elin Lanto, Joyride and Alla Pugacheva.

Gunnarsson was born in Linköping Municipality, Östergötland County. He died in Stockholm, aged 69.

Ontario Heritage Act

The Ontario Heritage Act is a law that was made on March 5, 1975. It lets the Province of Ontario and cities protect important buildings and other places. These places are called designated heritage properties.
If a place is listed as an important place under the "Act", the person who owns the place needs to ask the government of their city to let them change any of the important parts of the place. They also need to ask the government to let them destroy any buildings.

Before 2005, people could still destroy buildings that were listed as important, even if the government of the city did not want to let them. They did this by waiting for 180 days after asking to destroy the building. Once 180 days were over, if the people who owned the buildings did not agree with the government of the city, the people who owned the buildings could destroy the building.

In 2005, the provincial government changed the Act. People who own important buildings are not allowed to destroy the buildings any more if the government of the city does not let them. If the government of the city does not let them destroy the building, they are allowed to ask the Conservation Review Board to let them do it anyway. If the Conservation Review Board does not let them destroy the building, then the person who owns the building is not allowed to destroy the building.

The change also says that people who own important buildings must take care of them so that the buildings will not fall.
There are some problems with the Ontario Heritage Act. Sometimes the government of a city will say that a place is important because they do not want anyone to make changes to the place, even though the place is not important. For example, one city said that a golf course was important because someone wanted to build houses there instead.

Another problem is that there are a lot of old churches that are important, but the people who use the churches sometimes need to make changes to the buildings because of their religion. The government of the city needs to be careful to let the people practice their religion but also needs to take care of the building.

Another problem is that there are a lot of buildings in Ontario that belong to the Government of Canada. These buildings are not protected by the "Act". The Government of Canada has laws that protect some of these buildings, but not all of them.

Terrence Prendergast

Terrence Thomas Prendergast, SJ (born 19 February 1944) is the Archbishop of Ottawa, Canada. He was formerly the Archbishop of Halifax. Prior to that he was the titular (in title only) Bishop of Slebte and Auxiliary Bishop of Toronto. 

Prendergast was born in Montreal. He became a Jesuit priest in 1972. He has a Bachelor of Arts degree from Fordham University. He then studied at Regis College, Toronto School of Theology, which was a part of Saint Mary's University in Halifax. There he earned a Master of Divinity and a Doctor of Theology degree.

Prendergast taught Latin and Greek at Loyola High School in Montreal from 1967 to 1969. After he became a priest and earned his Doctor of Theology degree, he taught in Halifax at the Atlantic School of Theology from 1975 to 1981. He was the rector of Toronto's Regis College from 1981 to 1987, and its Dean of Theology from 1991 to 1994. From 1992 to 1994 he helped Bishop Frederick Henry visit English-language Canadian seminaries for the Vatican. When he was asked to be Auxiliary Bishop of Toronto in 1995, he was a Visiting Professor at the École Biblique in Jerusalem.

Prendergast was chosen to become titular Bishop of Slebte and Auxiliary Bishop of Toronto on February 22, 1995. Prendergast was consecrated in St. Michael's Cathedral, Toronto, on April 25, 1995.

He became Archbishop of Halifax on September 14, 1998. The Archbishop of Halifax is in charge of dioceses in the provinces of Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island. Prendergast also became the Chancellor of Saint Mary's University in Halifax. This is because the university always had the archbishop as its chancellor. In 2007 the archdiocese and the university decided that the Archbishop would not be the chancellor anymore. Instead, he would be called the "Visitor" to the university.

Prendergast became the ninth Archbishop of Ottawa on June 26, 2007. He is also the Chancellor of Saint Paul University as the university has always had the archbishop as its chancellor.

Archbishop Prendergast has a sister and three brothers. He is devoted to his many nieces and nephews, as well as to his Jesuit religious family. His hobbies include squash, cycling, skating, foreign films and Italian cooking.

Craig Gruber

Craig Gruber (June 22, 1951 – May 5, 2015) was an American rock bassist and musician. He was best known as the original bassist in the English band Rainbow. He also played in Elf with vocalist Ronnie James Dio, keyboardist Mickey Lee Soule, drummer Gary Driscoll and guitarist David Feinstein.

Gruber died from prostate cancer on May 5, 2015 in Florida, aged 63.

Young Europeans Literary Award

The Young Europeans Literary Award started in 2008. Its goal is to promote European culture. The European Union National Institutes for Culture organises it. Each year 26 books are short listed, one book from each member of the European Union.




Dufferin County

Dufferin County is a county and census division in Ontario, Canada. The county seat is Orangeville. The county covers 1,486.31 square kilometers (573.87 square miles) and its population in 2011 is 56,881.

Dufferin County was formed in 1881 from parts of Grey County, Simcoe County, and Wellington County, Ontario. It was named after Frederick Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood, 1st Marquess of Dufferin and Ava, who was the Governor General of Canada from 1872 to 1878.

The county has four towns:
It also has four townships:

Haliburton County

Haliburton County is a county in Ontario, Canada. The county seat is Minden Hills. It was named after Thomas Chandler Haliburton, who helped bring settlers into the area. The county covers an area of 4,071.86 square kilometers (1,572.15 square miles) and has a population of 17,026, according to the 2011 census.

There are two townships in Haliburton: Algonquin Highlands and Minden Hills. It also has two municipalities: Dysart et al and Highlands East.

The county is a popular place for toruism, because there are so many lakes and rivers in the county for activities such as fishing and camping. Some of the popular places for tourists to visit are Boshkung Lake, Haliburton Lake, and Kawagama Lake, which is the largest lake in the county.

Dysart et al, Ontario

Dysart et al, is the Corporation of the United Townships of Dysart, Dudley, Harcourt, Guilford, Harburn, Bruton, Havelock, Eyre and Clyde. Dysart et al is a municipality in Haliburton County in Central Ontario, Canada. With 68 letters, it is the longest name of any place in Canada. According to the Canada 2011 Census, it had a population of 5,966.


David Defiagbon

David Dejiro Defiagbon (12 June 1970 – 24 November 2018) was a Nigerian-Canadian boxer. He competed for Canada at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Defiagbon competed at the 1990 Commonwealth Games in Auckland, New Zealand. He won gold after defeating Greg Johnson. He fought for Nigeria at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He was defeated in the first round of the light middleweight division by Raúl Márquez 7 to 8.

At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, Defiagbon competed for Canada and was able to win a silver medal after he defeated Nate Jones. He was defeated by Félix Savón.

Defiagbon died of a heart attack in Las Vegas, Nevada on 28 November 2018 at the age of 48.


Myxophaga

Myxophaga is a small suborder of beetles. There are about 65 species of tiny beetles in four families. 

They are aquatic or semi-aquatic, and feed on algae.

Archostemata

Archostemata is the smallest suborder of beetles. There are less than fifty known species.

Archostemata is an ancient lineage with a number of primitive characteristics. They are similar to the first beetles, which appear in the fossil record about 250 million years ago. The suborder contains the only paedogenic beetles, "Micromalthus debilis".

These beetles are rare. Fossil deposits from the Permian suggest that Archostemata were once much more common and were widespread over the globe. The species which remain are just scattered vestiges of their former population.

"Abundant cladistic and fossil evidence shows the Archostematans are the basal suborder of [true] beetles",



Protocoleoptera

The Protocoleoptera are the earliest beetles in the fossil record.

Interpreting the early fossil record of beetles has been difficult because their forewings are modified as elytra. So no wing veins are visible. Wing veins are the main way insect specialists classify insects.


Mark Leduc

Mark Leduc (May 4, 1962 – July 22, 2009) was a Canadian boxer. He competed for Canada at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Leduc began his training in the East End of Toronto. His parents divorced when he was 15 and he had to live on the streets. Leduc was arrested for robbing a jewellery store at gunpoint and he was sentenced to spend six years at the Collins Bay Penitentiary in Kingston, Ontario. He was released from prison after serving 3 years.

At the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, Leduc competed for Canada and was able to win a silver medal. He defeated Leonard Doroftei 13-6 and was defeated by Héctor Vinent 1-11. In 1992, he turned pro and he had limited success. He recorded a record of 4-1-0 after losing to Michel Galarneau and retired.

In 1993, Leduc spoke on CBC Radio's documentary "The Last Closet" about being a gay athlete. He was not ready to come out yet and he spoke anonymously and through a voice filter. He officially came out as gay on the TV documentary "For the Love of the Game" in 1994.

On July 22, 2009, Leduc collapsed in the sauna of a local hotel in Toronto and died. Doctors said that he may have died due to heat stroke.


Milton, Stirling

Milton is a hamlet in Stirling, Scotland near the bigger village Aberfoyle. It was named after a mill that is no longer used. The mill has a cast iron millwheel from 1667.


Everybody's Fool

"Everybody's Fool" is the fourth and last single from American rock band Evanescence's first studio album "Fallen". The song was released in April 19, 2004. Amy Lee wrote the song in 1999 about the promotion of unrealistic, sexualized images in the industry and the negative influence on the youth. She said it was not about a specific person, and the marketed imagery was deceptive and harmful as "nobody looks like that ... and it's really hurting a lot of girls' and women's self images."

"Everybody's Fool" peaked at #36 on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart.

The music video for "Everybody's Fool" was directed by Philipp Stölzl and filmed in Los Angeles, California in 5-7 April 2004. The video features Lee in different characters, including a wholesome teenager, a biker chick, a pop idol, and a glamorous spokesmodel. Talking about the filming, Lee said: "There's this one scene with everybody on motorbikes that every time I see it I just crack up. It's the slow-mo scene where I take off the helmet and swoosh my hair and look at the camera, and it kills me. It's so hilarious, it's ridiculous. [...] It's a really different thing for us to do because it's not performance at all. Everybody was laughing at me the whole time. I was just like, 'Please don't laugh at me. Just give me five minutes so I can do this.

Before the song begins, Lee appears in a TV commercial with blonde hair, a blue blouse, and a long white skirt, and comes out of the kitchen holding a frozen pizza straight from the oven. She introduces the pizza to her family, and as the camera zooms in to show the makeup artists fixing her makeup, the brand name on the pizza box is visible and is called Lies. "There's nothing better than a good lie," says Lee cheerfully with a smile. Scenes where Lee cries in a hotel room and demonstrates his unhappiness as he removes his makeup. These scenes are followed by a scene where Lee appears with "luxury wigs and dangling diamond earrings." He also appears on a motorcycle in an advertisement for the soda brand "Lies", which offers the consumer the opportunity to "be someone".

In a Japanese-style ad with both Japanese and English lyrics, she plays a doll with pink hair in another ad. Every scene ends with Lee crying. During the chorus, two girls in the elevator laugh at the model's appearance, claiming that she looks much older than they thought. In the next scene, she is shown in the bathtub singing a song to herself. Another segment shows him breaking a mirror with his hand due to the immense anguish that begins to bleed uncontrollably. In the final scene, he is standing on the building's balcony crying and screaming as he sees a huge billboard with one of his advertisements saying that "You're not real so you can't save me" and that the audience is unaware of how he really lives.The message of the video is in the name of the products her character advertises, "Lies". Lee conceptualized the video around the lyrics to the song. She said the video is "more along the lines of exposing the real behind-the-scenes [lives] of some of these people. It's basically showing the glamorous lifestyle and the depressed, selfish misery behind it." She added that the topic was "like beating a dead horse at this point, but at the time [of writing the song] Britney Spears was just coming out. But I still think it's relevant. Lee said a lot of scenes were cut from the video by music-video stations, including a pill-popping scene, and she was happy that at least "the blood stayed in".

Joe D'Angelo of MTV News wrote that the video "comments on the correlation between a phony facade and corroded self-esteem." The scenes end with Lee "contemplating her deeds on the verge of tears", and she "realizes that besides the products, her advertisements were also selling negative self-images". The Montreal Gazette's Jordan Zivitz said it is "both an effective statement on impossible ideals of beauty (scenes in which the haggard singer rages in a dingy apartment are contrasted with fake commercials in which she's made up to the nines), and a great satire on picture-perfect videos", while Lee's portrayal has "a ring of truth to it" as she "doesn't have much love for the widely embraced model of human perfection.


Lokiarchaeota

The Lokiarchaeota are a proposed phylum of the Archaea. It was proposed in 2015 after the composite genome of Lokiarchaeum was sequenced.

The "Lokiarchaeum" genome has 5,381 protein coding genes. Of these, about 32% do not correspond to any known protein. 26% closely resemble archeal proteins, and 29% correspond to bacterial proteins. This is consistent with previous research which suggests significant gene transfer between bacteria and Archaea. 

A small, but significant portion of the proteins (175, 3.3%) were most similar to eukaryotic proteins. Analysis suggested the genes in question had their origin at the base of the eukaryotic clades. In eukaryotes, the function of these proteins include cell membrane and cell shape formation, and a dynamic protein cytoskeleton. 

Another shared protein, actin, is used in phagocytosis by eukaryotes. Phagocytosis is the ability to engulf and consume another particle. This ability is required for the endosymbiotic origin of mitochondria. Cells with mitochondria is one of the key differences between prokaryotes and eukaryotes. In a widely accepted theory, mitochondria began as bacteria and were gradually incorporated into eukaryotic cells. Chloroplasts had a similar origin.

Brian Sedgemore

Brian Charles John Sedgemore (17 March 1937 – 5 May 2015) was a Labour Party politician. He was a Member of Parliament from 1974 until 1979, and from 1983 until 2005. He defected to the Liberal Democrats shortly before he stood down at the 2005 general election.

Sam Rayburn

Samuel Taliaferro "Sam" Rayburn (January 6, 1882 – November 16, 1961) was an American politician. He served as the Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1940 through 1947, again from 1949 through 1953, and again from 1955 through 1961.

He died of cancer at the age of 79 and is buried at Willow Wild Cemetery.


Luiz Henrique da Silveira

Luiz Henrique da Silveira (February 25, 1940 – May 10, 2015) was a Brazilian politician and lawyer. He represented Santa Catarina in the Federal Senate since 2011. He was governor of Santa Catarina from 2003 to 2006 and 2007 to 2010. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement .

da Silveira died in Joinville, Santa Catarina from a heart attack, aged 75.

Ragne Tangen

Ragne Tangen (12 March 1927 – 9 May 2015) was a Norwegian children's television presenter. Her career began in 1958. She then made the first children's television program in Norway, "I kosekroken".

Tangen died on 9 May 2015 at the age of 88.

Nathalia Timberg

Nathalia Elisa Timberg (born August 5, 1929 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian actress. She is one of the most well known and longest active Brazilian actresses of cinema, theater and television. She is known for her roles in Brazilian telenovelas (soap operas) such as in "Celebridade", "Força de um Desejo", and in "Páginas da Vida".

Ninad Bedekar

Ninad Gangadhar Bedekar (17 August 1949 – 10 May 2015) was an Indian historian, writer and orator. He was from Pune, Maharashtra, India. He wrote many books and also wrote scripts from television shows such as Son et lumière show and for the television serial "Peshwai".

Markiplier

Mark Edward Fischbach (born June 28, 1989), known by his YouTube username Markiplier, is an American internet personality, video game commentator and charity fundraiser.

Born in Honolulu, Hawaii, Fischbach began his career in Cincinnati, Ohio. His father, Cliffton M. Fischbach, was of German descent, while his mother is Korean. He studied Civil Engineering at the University of Cincinnati, later changing his degree to Biomedical Engineering. He later left college and started his YouTube career.

Fischbach moved to Los Angeles, California in 2014, wanting to be closer to the YouTube scene.

, his channel has over 9 billion total video views and 22 million subscribers, and is currently the 36th most-subscribed channel on YouTube.

Fischbach plays in Let's Play videos, commonly of survival horror video games.

In 2017, Fischbach began his first improv tour, known as the "You're Welcome Tour", which spanned from North America to Europe and Australia.

Fischbach has done multiple charity streams and fundraisers with other YouTubers. "Forbes" reported in 2017 that Fischbach and his fans had helped raise roughly $3 million for charity in past fundraising streams. In April 2018, he raised $1,506,793.81 in charities.

On November 15, 2019, Fischbach created a new channel with YouTuber Ethan Nestor (known online as CrankGameplays) called Unus Annus, a channel which planned to upload a video every day for one year, after which the channel would be deleted along with its videos. The channel had 1 million subscribers in its first 5 days and 4.56 million in its last few minutes. The channel was deleted on November 14, 2020. The channel was meant to remind viewers about life and death and how quickly both can come and go.

Fischbach, along with Wade Barnes (LordMinion777) and Bob Muyskens (Muyskerm) has streamed a podcast on Twitch called "3 Peens in a Podcast" since 2018.

In 2019, Fischbach co-produced and starred in Edge of Sleep, an audio drama released on iTunes.

In May 2021, Fischbach announced that he, Barnes, and Muyskens would be starting a podcast called "Distractible".

Fischbach created an OnlyFans account where any money he would get from subscribers would be split evenly between the Cincinnati Children's Hospital and the World Food Programme. He promised to post "tasteful nudes" on his Only Fans account. He officially created the account on December 9, 2022, and the increase of people going to the website caused the site to crash on the same day.


National Airlines

National Airlines (1934–1980) was an airline of the United States. It began in 1934. The airline was known for its coast-to coast flights between Miami, Los Angeles and New York City. Pan American World Airways bought National in 1979.

The airline was founded in Jacksonville, Florida by George T. Baker. During its first few years, it mostly flew between Florida and the southern US. It began service to Havana, Cuba in 1946 and it stopped in 1961 because of the Cuban embargo. In the 1970s National started flying to cities in Europe like, Amsterdam and London. Pan American World Airways completed it's merger process with National in January 1980.

Royal Jordanian

Royal Jordanian Airlines, formerly known as Alia Royal Jordanian Airlines, is the main airline of Jordan with its head office in the capital, Amman. The airline operates scheduled international services over four continents from its main base at Queen Alia International Airport, with over 500 flights per week and at least 110 per day. It joined the Oneworld airline alliance in 2007.

The airline was established on 9 December 1963 and started operations on 15 December 1963 after a royal decree by the late King Hussein. It was named "Alia" (or "Aalya") after King Hussein's eldest child, Princess Alia bint Al Hussein of Jordan (born on 13 February 1956). It is a common misconception that the airline was named after the King's third wife, Queen Alia, whom King Hussein did not marry until 1972.

Alia (the Royal Jordanian Airline) started operations with two Handley Page Dart Heralds and a Douglas DC-7 aircraft, serving Kuwait City, Beirut and Cairo from Amman. In 1964, another DC-7 was added and service began to Jeddah. In 1965, Alia initiated service to Rome, its first destination in Europe. The progress made by the airline was threatened by an Israeli air raid during the 1967 Six-Day War when the DC-7 aircraft were destroyed. They were replaced by two Fokker F27 Friendship airliners.

In 1970, Alia got rid of the F27s and got Boeing 707 aircraft. Alia began flights to Frankfurt and Abu Dhabi. The 707s were delivered in 1971. In that year, flights began to Madrid, Copenhagen and Karachi. During the rest of the decade, Boeing 727s and Boeing 747s were added to the fleet. A catering department was established, and duty-free shops were opened at Amman airport. Services were added to destinations including Bahrain, Dubai, Muscat, Rabat, Geneva, Amsterdam, Baghdad, Bangkok, Vienna, Damascus, New York City, Houston, and Ras al-Khaimah.

In the 1980s, Tunis and Tripoli joined the route map, and Alia's IBM computer center was completed. Lockheed L-1011 Tristars, Airbus A310s and Airbus A320s joined the fleet. In 1986, Alia changed its name to Royal Jordanian. In November 1997, Royal Jordanian became a code-sharing partner with the US carrier Trans World Airlines and moved operations into the TWA Flight Center (Terminal 5) at the John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York. 

The first of Royal Jordanian's Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft (267-seat, two-class configuration) entered service in September 2014, initially linking Amman with Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. The 787 Dreamliner is Royal Jordanian's first Boeing aircraft since the 707s and 747s, and replaced the Airbus A340-200s which had nearly reached the end of their lives. The Dreamliners have also replaced the Airbus A330-200s as leases on those aircraft had expired. The Dreamliners are generally used on Royal Jordanian's Far East destinations and to London and North America.

Royal Jordanian codeshares with the following airlines:


As of September 2020, the Royal Jordanian fleet consists of the following aircraft:

Royal Jordanian previously operated the following aircraft types:
From 1963 to 1986, the original livery of Royal Jordanian Airlines consisted of a white fuselage with both red and gold cheatlines.

In December 1986, the airline changed its name from Alia Royal Jordanian Airlines to simply Royal Jordanian Airlines, which coincided the arrival of Airbus A310 and Airbus A320 airliners. The new livery consisted of a charcoal grey fuselage with the same red and gold cheatlines, similar to the earlier version. The tail consists of a golden crown with a red tip on the charcoal grey coloured aircraft tail.

Until 2009, Royal Jordanian had never had an aircraft painted in a special colour scheme. It announced at the 10th birthday celebrations in February 2009 of the airline alliance Oneworld that it would paint its new A319 due for delivery in late March in a special scheme, which would be based around the Oneworld name and logo. The aircraft, registration JY-AYP, has its fuselage painted white, with the tailfin and engines in normal Royal Jordanian colors. "A member of Oneworld" in prominent lettering is located at the front of the aircraft, with the usual title "Royal Jordanian" further back.

In October 2021, Royal Jordanian unveiled "Discover Petra" special livery on one of its Boeing 787 Dreamliners, registered JY-BAH.

A month later, in November 2021, the airline revealed an Airbus A321, JY-AYV, in its retro "Alia" livery. The aircraft's first flight in the new paint scheme was to London Heathrow.

Don Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla International Airport

Don Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla International Airport or "Guadalajara International Airport", is an airport in Guadalajara, Mexico. It opened in 1966. 

These are the airlines that go to Guadalajara Airport:

Glenview, Illinois

Glenview is a village in northeastern Illinois, USA. It is about north of downtown Chicago in Cook County, Illinois. According to the 2020 United States Census, the village population was 48,705.

The village was named by a popular vote in 1895. It was incorporated as a village in 1899. There were 325 adults in Glenview that year.

For many years, it was home to the Naval Air Station Glenview, until the station was closed down and converted to a prairie park, a lake, and residential and commercial properties in the early 1990s. 

The median age in 2020 was 46.3. There were 25,578 (52.5%) women, and 23,127 (47.5%) men. There were 17,855 households.

Glenview has a continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dfa). The summers are generally wetter than the winters:

The highest recorded temperature was in June 1988; the lowest recorded temperature was in January 1982.

Job satisfaction

Job satisfaction or employee satisfaction has been defined in different ways. It may be as simple as the feeling of satisfaction with a job. If a person likes their job, they feel job satisfaction. When an employee performs their work well, they feel a sense of job satisfaction. If a worker has good relationships with their boss and their coworkers, they feel job satisfaction. Psychologists who study the behavior of industries and organizations also look at job satisfaction in different ways.

Assessments of job satisfaction became commonplace in the 1930s. In 1934, R.S. Uhrbrock was one of the first psychologists to use new techniques to assess factory worker attitudes. In 1935, R. Hoppock published a study of 500 teachers on how satisfied they were with their jobs. This study found that job satisfaction is affected by the work, the coworkers, and the managers. Before the 1930s, not many job satisfaction studies were published.

Many factors influence job satisfaction. Some factors are environmental. They are particular to a situation. They come from the work and the workplace. 

In 1976, Edwin A. Locke wrote about the factors that lead to satisfaction or dissatisfaction at work. Although this list was written in the 20th century, many factors are the same in the 21st century also. 

A person can feel satisfied with their job if they get a good evaluation of their work. Company policies, for example, about how employees are supervised, can influence job satisfaction. Pay is another factor in job satisfaction. Achievement or recognition can also make a person feel job satisfaction. Opportunities for promotions to jobs with higher rank can increase job satisfaction. 

One of the most important aspects of work in a modern organization is communication. A communication load is the amount and the speed and the complexity of communication that a person has to process. People can experience communication overload. This is when they get too much information in too short a period of time. Or, when they get information that is too complex to process in a short period of time. People can also experience communication underload. This is when they do not get enough information. Both communication overload and communication underload can affect the level of job satisfaction. If a person receives too much communication or not enough communication on the job, they are more likely to become dissatisfied and unhappy with their work. This can lead to a low level of job satisfaction. 

A 2013 study surveyed 2.5 million employees in the United States. According to the study, the most important factors for job satisfaction are:
If a job has all of these factors, people feel more satisfied and loyal to the company.

Some factors in job satisfaction are personal or individual. Each person is affected in their own unique way. 

Moods and emotions at work are related to job satisfaction. Positive and negative emotions are related to overall job satisfaction.

Genetics play a role in job satisfaction. One scientific experiment studied twins who were raised apart. Researchers measured the influence of genetics on the twins' job satisfaction. The study found that 70% of job satisfaction comes from the environment and 30% comes from genetic factors.

Some research shows a connection between personality and job satisfaction. Employees who do not feel alienated, or left out, have more job satisfaction. Employees who feel in control of their situation also have more job satisfaction. They show more involvement in their job and more commitment to the company.

Psychological well-being (PWB) is how well a person's mind functions overall. It involves every part of a person's life: work, family, community, etc. PWB in the workplace plays an important role in determining job satisfaction and has attracted much research attention in recent years. These studies focused on the effects of PWB on job satisfaction and job performance. Research published in 2000 showed a strong connection between PWB and job satisfaction. A second study by the same authors in 2007 had similar results. These studies showed that PWB predicts job performance better than job satisfaction does.

Researchers have various ways to measure job satisfaction. The Job Descriptive Index measures job satisfaction in 5 ways: pay, promotions, coworkers, bosses, and the work itself. The survey is simple. People answer yes, no, or ‘?’. There are other job satisfaction surveys, for example, the Job Satisfaction Survey and the Faces Scale. The Job Satisfaction Survey asks 36 questions about 9 factors in job satisfaction. The Faces Scale asks only one question. People answer by choosing a face.


Frank DiPascali

Frank DiPascali, Jr. (October 28, 1956 – May 7, 2015) was an American financer who was the finance chief for Bernard Madoff. On August 11, 2009, he pled guilty to ten counts related to the Madoff investment scandal, a Ponzi scheme.

DiPascali was born in Queens, New York. He was of Italian ancestry. He died from lung cancer, aged 58.

Wilberfoss

Wilberfoss is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is on the north side of the A1079 about east of York city centre. It is northwest of Market Weighton. According to the 2011 census, 1,866 people live in Wilberfoss parish. That is 11 more than were living there ten years earlier.

<br>

Kim Kyok-sik

Kim Kyok-sik (; 5 October 1938 – 10 May 2015) was a North Korean general and politician. From November 2012 until May 2013, he was the Defence Minister of North Korea. He was thought to have been behind two attacks on South Korea that killed 50 people in 2010.

Kim died from acute respiratory failure on 10 May 2015, aged 76.

The Pale Emperor

The Pale Emperor is the ninth studio album by American rock band, Marilyn Manson. "The Pale Emperor" was released on January 15, 2015 through Hell, etc.. Manson dedicated the album to his late mother, Barbara Warner, who died on May 13, 2014 after an eight-year battle with Alzheimer's disease and dementia.

The album peaked at #8 on the "Billboard" 200, #6 on the Top Album Sales, #3 on the Top Rock Albums, #3 on the Top Alternative Albums, and at #1 on the Top Hard Rock Albums.

Ceriantharia

The tube-dwelling anemones ("Ceriantharia") are a subclass of the Anthozoa. They resemble sea anemones. Sea anemones have a base plate, tube-dwelling anemones do not. 

Most tube-dwelling anemones reproduce sexually. About 100 species have been described; most live in a depth of less than . Unlike sea anemones, tube-dwelling anemones live in soft sediments. The name "tube-dwelling anemone" comes from the fact that these animals build a tube out of the sandy sediments. In the case of danger, they retract into the tube. 

Excise stamps of Russia

Excise stamps of Russia are a kind of Russian revenue stamps. They were issued according to the governmental order of the Russian Federation. On 14 April 1994 they adopted resolution number 319 "Introduction of excise stamps in the Russian Federation". Certain goods produced in Russia or imported to the territory of Russia are subject to excise tax including:

Selling of goods subject to this law without affixing excise stamps is prohibited in the territory of Russia since 1 January 1995.

The law was amended by later decrees of the Russian Government.

Excise stamps of Ukraine

Excise stamps of Ukraine are a kind of Ukrainian revenue stamps to collect excise tax. They are used in accordance with the Ukraine's presidential decree of 18 September 1995 "On approval of the excise duty on alcoholic beverages and tobacco products".

On 24 October 1996, there was another decree of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine, "On approval of the production, storage and sale of excise stamps and marking of alcoholic beverages and tobacco products, and the sale or destruction of the confiscated alcoholic beverages and tobacco products". It introduced excise stamps into circulation in Ukraine.

The law was amended by later decrees of the Ukrainian Government.


University of the People

University of the People (UoPeople) is a non-profit, accredited online institution of higher education in Pasadena, California, United States. It currently offers academic degrees in business administration and computer science.

The mission of the school is to offer any qualified student affordable and quality educational programs. 

The school was founded by Shai Reshef in January 2009. It partners with institutions such as New York University and Yale University. It has received grants from Google, Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard.

Students pay a registration fee of $60. They do not pay annual tuition fees. Instead, they pay $100 each time they take an examination. One does not have to buy books. Open source online textbooks can be used.

To complete an associate degree (A.S.), a student must take 20 exams. 40 exams are needed for a bachelor's degree. This costs a total of $2,000 and $4,000 respectively. Students who cannot afford to pay can apply for scholarships.


Scleractinia

Scleractinia, also called stony corals or hard corals, an order in the Cnidaria. It contains the polyps which build most coral reefs. 

Most of these corals are colonial. They secrete calcium carbonate, the base of every reef. Very often, the corals form a symbiosis with unicellular dinoflagellates. These zooxanthellae are usually of the genus "Symbiodinium". 

The closest relatives to stony corals are the sea anemones. Stony corals are only distantly related to fire corals and soft corals. There are about 1500 species, in 35 families. 

Heydar Aliyev

Heydar Alirza oglu Aliyev or Heydar Aliyev (, ; 10 May 1923 – 12 December 2003), also spelled Heidar Aliev or Haidar Aliev was the third President of Azerbaijan for the New Azerbaijan Party from October 1993 to October 2003. His son Ilham Aliyev succeeded him.

From 1969 to 1982, Aliyev was also the leader of Soviet Azerbaijan, effectively dominating the political life of Azerbaijan for many years.


Ayaz Mutallibov

Ayaz Niyazi oglu Mutallibov (, ; 12 May 1938 – 27 March 2022) was an Azerbaijani politician. He was the last leader of Soviet Azerbaijan. Mutallibov was also the first President of independent Azerbaijan. He was president from October 1991 until May 1992.

Mutallibov died on 27 March 2022 in Baku, Azerbaijan at the age of 83.


Jef Geeraerts

Jef Geeraerts (Jozef Adriaan Anna Geeraerts, 23 February 1930 - 11 May 2015) was a Belgian writer. He was born in Antwerp. He decided to become a writer. He went to the University of Brussels to study Germanic languages. He was known for his books "Gangreen 1" ("Black Venus"), "Gangreen 2" ("De Goede Moordenaar"), "Gangreen 3" ("Het Teken van de Hond") and "Gangreen 4" ("Het Zevende Zegel").

Geeraerts died of a heart attack in Ghent at the age of 85.


Buck Henry

Henry Zuckerman (December 9, 1930 – January 8, 2020), credited as Buck Henry, was an American actor, screenwriter, and director. He was a cast member of "Saturday Night Live". He was nominated for an Academy Award twice, in 1968 for Best Adapted Screenplay for "The Graduate" and in 1979 for Best Director for "Heaven Can Wait".

On January 8, 2020, Henry died from a heart attack at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California. He was 89.

Where Were You (When the World Stopped Turning)

"Where Were You (When the World Stopped Turning)" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was written in honor of the September 11 attacks. It was introduced at the Country Music Association's annual awards show on November 7, 2001. 

It was released in November 2001 as the lead single from the album "Drive", and reached the top of the U.S. "Billboard" country charts.

Maltese (dog)

The Maltese is a small dog that originated in Malta and brought around the Mediterranean. Phoenician traders may have brought precursors of this dog to Ancient Egypt. The tomb of Ramesses II contains statues of dogs, which resemble the Maltese. The name of the dog came from the island Malta. Maltese dogs are small, up to about in length, and in weight.

Octocorallia

Octocorallia is a subclass of the Anthozoa in the phylum Cnidaria. There are over 3.000 different species.

These animals have an eight-fold symmetry. Most are colonial sessile polyps. Octocorallia look like the stony corals. Stony corals have a six-fold symmetry, and are classified in the group Hexacorallia. Unlike the stony corals, most Octocoralllia lack a lasting skeleton. For this reason, they do not build coral reefs. An older name for this group is Alcyonaria. 

Many species form symbioses with unicellular algae. Octocorallia have many enemies: For this reason, many are toxic, or they taste bad. Many species of the Octocorallia can reproduce both sexually and asexually: It is common to find a colony of Octocorallia, where most polyps have the same sex.

Zoantharia

Zoantharia is an order of Anthozoa. Unlike the stony corals, these species do not have a hard skeleton. Most are very small. Some species form colonies.

Zoanthids can be distinguished from other colonial anthozoans and soft corals. Most of them (but not the family Zoanthidae) include sand and other bits of material in their tissue to help build their structure. The main characteristic of the order is that their tentacles are organised in two distinct rows.

Persian couriers

Persian couriers were ancient mounted messengers (despatch riders) kept ready at regular stages throughout old Persia for carrying the royal despatches at the time of the Achaemenid Empire.

In Ancient Greek, Persian courier was called "ἄγγαρος" (ángaros, “Persian mounted courier”), whence Latin "angarius", which is probably from an East Asian language (e.g., Sanskrit "अजिरा" (ajirā, “agile, swift”)). The word "angel" ("ἄγγελος") is probably loaned from and related to Greek "ἄγγαρος".

In about 440 BC, Herodotus wrote in "The Histories" (book 8.98) about the Persian couriers:

Paraphrase of the Herodotus description was used by the United States Postal Service as a motto on the entrance to the Central Post Office building in New York City: ""Neither snow, nor rain, nor heat, nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.""


Bo Belinsky

Robert "Bo" Belinsky (December 7, 1936 – November 23, 2001) was an American left-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball. He became a California celebrity as a rookie with the original Los Angeles Angels. He is best known for pitching a no-hitter against his former Major League Baseball team, the Baltimore Orioles, in 1962. Belinsky is one of only two pitchers in the history of the Angels to start his career with a four-game winning streak or better. The other was Jered Weaver, in 2006.

Belinksy was born in New York City, to a Polish-American Catholic father and a Jewish mother. He grew up in Trenton, New Jersey. He became a "street rat" and one-time pool gambler. Belinsky was already getting in trouble while still in the minor leagues for partying at night. He pitched for several seasons in the Baltimore Orioles minor leagues. His career and life changed when the Angels picked him in a minor league draft for the 1962 season. 
Belinsky had a losing career record of wins and losses, but he threw the first no-hitter in the history of the Los Angeles Angels. It was also the first to be thrown at Dodger Stadium, beating the Baltimore Orioles 2–0 on May 5, 1962. His no-hitter was his fourth straight win at the start of his rookie season.

After throwing the no-hitter Belinsky said, "If music be the food of love, by all means let the band play on." The 1962 season was a crazy one for him. He became a gossip topic for Southern California sportswriters. They took pictures and reported in the news about his partying and dating many movie star women. He became known as a playboy. He was dating at one time or another, famous women like Ann-Margret, Connie Stevens, Tina Louise and Mamie Van Doren, the last his fiancee for a year. One of his teammates once said, "Bo had more fun off the field than he did on the field."

After a hotel room fight in 1964, he was let go by the Angels. They traded him to the Philadelphia Phillies. After spending a little over a season with the Phillies, he also pitched for the Houston Astros, Pittsburgh Pirates and Cincinnati Reds. His career ended in the Cincinnati minor league in 1970.

Belinsky married and divorced a "Playboy" Playmate of the Year, Jo Collins. He eventually overcame alcoholism. He then became a counselor for the alcohol abuse program he had entered in Hawaii. He later moved to Las Vegas to work in advertising. He was then off drugs and alcohol and was a born-again Christian. ("Can you imagine," he was quoted as saying, "finding Jesus Christ in Las Vegas?").

Belinsky had been sick with bladder cancer before his death in Las Vegas. He died of an apparent heart attack at age 64. He is buried at Davis Memorial Park in Las Vegas, Nevada.


Samuil Blekhman

Samuil Markovich Blekhman (; 15 May 191826 July 1982) was a known philatelist (stamp collector) of the Soviet Union. He wrote many notable philatelic books and articles about stamps and stamp collecting. Blekhman was born and lived much of his life in Moscow. He was trained and worked as an engineer. 

Blekhman's works were related to postal history and postage stamps of Tuva, Mongolia, Russia and Soviet Union. He also wrote works about airmail. Blekhman participated in prestigious national and international philatelic exhibitions. He won a number of top awards. One of his main philatelic writings was a detailed study of Tuva stamps and their cataloging. This work won a major award at the World Stamp Exhibition "PRAGA 1962". After Blekhman's death, it was translated and published in English.

In addition to many Russian articles, Samuil Blekhman published philatelic papers in English:


Andrew Young

Andrew Jackson Young (born March 12, 1932) is an American politician, diplomat, activist, and Congregationalist pastor from Georgia. 

He has served as a Congressman from Georgia's 5th congressional district, the United States Ambassador to the United Nations, and Mayor of Atlanta. 

He served as President of the National Council of Churches USA, and was a member of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) during the Civil Rights Movement. He was a supporter and friend of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.


Daniel Patrick Moynihan

Daniel Patrick Moynihan (March 16, 1927 – March 26, 2003) was an American politician and sociologist. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

He was first elected to the United States Senate for New York in 1976, and was re-elected three times (in 1982, 1988, and 1994). He declined to run for re-election in 2000. Moynihan was the United States' Ambassador to the United Nations and to India. He was a member of four successive presidential administrations, beginning with the administration of John F. Kennedy, and continuing through that of Gerald Ford.

Moyniham died of surgical complications at a Washington, D.C. hospital, aged 76.

Zalmay Khalilzad

Zalmay Mamozy Khalilzad (Pashto: زلمی خلیلزاد "Zalmay Khalīlzād"; born March 22, 1951) is a counselor at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) and president of Khalilzad Associates. He was the United States Ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush from 2007 to 2009.

In October 2021, CNN reported that Zalmay Khalilzad, the United States' principal envoy for Afghanistan, will quit his post in Afghanistan, after the end of the withdrawal of American forces in Afghanistan.


Stan Cornyn

Stan Cornyn (July 8, 1933 – May 11, 2015) was an American record label executive. He was the author of "Exploding: The Highs, Hits, Hype, Heroes, and Hustlers of the Warner Music Group" (). He also wrote three privately published family genealogy books (all in the Library of Congress).
He was cousins with United States senator John Cornyn.

Cornyn died on May 11, 2015 at his home in Carpinteria, California at the age of 81.


Carpinteria, California

Carpinteria is a small oceanside city located in southeastern Santa Barbara County, California, east of Santa Barbara and northwest of Ventura. The population was 13,264 at the 2020 census.

Suchitra Bhattacharya

Suchitra Bhattacharya (10 January 1950 – 12 May 2015) was an Indian novelist. Over the past two decades, Suchitra had written about 24 novels and a large number of short stories in different leading Bengali literary magazines.

Bhattacharya died on 12 May 2015 from cardiac arrest at her home in Dhakuria, Kolkata, aged 65. 

William Zinsser

William Knowlton Zinsser (October 7, 1922 - May 12, 2015) was an American writer, editor, literary critic, and teacher. He began his career as a journalist for the "New York Herald Tribune", where he worked as a feature writer, drama editor, film critic, and editorial writer. He was known for writing the book "On Writing Well".

Zinsser was born in New York City, New York. He studied at Deerfield Academy. Zinsser died in New York City at the age of 92.

Ventura, California

Ventura (officially the City of San Buenaventura; commonly called San Buenaventura before 1891), or Shisholop in Chumash is the county seat of Ventura County, California, United States. It was incorporated in 1866. The population was 110,763 at the 2020 census.

Peter Gay

Peter Gay (born Peter Joachim Fröhlich; June 20, 1923 – May 12, 2015) was a German-American educator and psychohistorian. He was the Sterling Professor of History Emeritus at Yale University and former director of the New York Public Library's Center for Scholars and Writers (1997–2003). 

Gay received the American Historical Association's (AHA) Award for Scholarly Distinction in 2004. He was the author of more than twenty-five books, including "The Enlightenment: An Interpretation", a multi-volume award winner; "Weimar Culture: The Outsider as Insider" (1968), a bestseller; and the widely translated "" (1988).

Gay was born in Berlin, Germany in 1923. He immigrated to the United States in 1941. From 1948 to 1955 he was a political science professor at Columbia University, and then a history professor from 1955 to 1969. Gay died in New York City, aged 91.


Swiss International Air Lines

Swiss International Air Lines is the flag carrier of Switzerland. It began on March 31, 2002; the day after Swissair declared bankruptcy. The airline has nonstop flights throughout Switzerland, Europe, Africa, America and Asia. It's currently owned by Lufthansa.

Varig Brazilian Airlines

Varig Brazilian Airlines, also known as "VARIG", was once the largest airline of Brazil. The airline declared bankruptcy in 2006. The successor to Varig is Gol Transportes Aéreos, which is technically the "new Varig".

Varig began on May 7, 1927. It was founded by German emigrants in Brazil. Varig began non-stop flights between New York City and Rio de Janeiro in 1955. The airline took over many international destinations in the 1960s from bankrupt Panair do Brasil, such as Frankfurt, Lisbon and Paris. Varig eventually became the largest airline in all of South America, after it bought many other smaller Brazilian airlines. In 1997, Varig became the first airline to join Star Alliance. In 2001, TAM Airlines became the largest airline in Brazil. Then, Varig stopped flying, and it became known as another airline in 2007.

Ansett Australia

Ansett Australia was an airline from Australia. Ansett was based in Melbourne. The airline flew domestically within Australia and from the 1990s to destinations in Asia. It declared bankruptcy in 2001. In 2002, it stopped flying. Several of its Golden Wing airport lounges were purchased by Virgin Australia.

British post offices in Crete

British post offices in Crete provided the postal service in the territory of the island of Crete. They were established by the military administration in the area under the control of Great Britain. It functioned in the period from 25 November 1898 to the end of 1899.

In 1898 Crete obtained autonomy under Turkish suzerainty. But it was garrisoned by an international military force from Britain, France, Italy and Russia. Britain issued 5 postage stamps inscribed in Greek.


Hyon Yong-chol

Hyon Yong-chol (; January 1949 – 30 April 2015) was a North Korean general and politician. From June 2014 until his apparent death, he was the Defence Minister of North Korea.

On 13 May 2015, it was reported by South Korean media that he was executed on or around 30 April 2015. As of May 14, 2015, North Korea has not commented on the South's claim, making Hyon's current status uncertain. Later it was confirmed that he was executed.

Car platform

A car platform (automobile platform) is shared common design and production over different models and types of automobiles. They may be sold under different names or "marques". 

It is done by the automotive industry to save the costs of development by basing the products on a smaller number of platforms. This allows companies to create distinct models from similar underpinnings. It is also done with commercial vehicles like trucks and vans.

Out of Africa

Out of Africa is about the recent African origin of modern humans. Since the 1980s this has been supported by a study of present-day mitochondrial DNA, and other sequence analysis. There is also evidence based on the physical anthropology of archaic fossil remains. The idea is very well supported. There are differing theories on whether there was a single exodus or several. A growing number of researchers also suspect that "long-neglected North Africa" was the original home of the modern humans who first trekked out of the continent.

The first truly modern humans seem to have appeared between 200,000 and 130,000 years ago. These early humans later moved out from Africa. By about 90,000 years ago they had moved into Eurasia. This was the area where earlier species of humans, (such as Neanderthals, "Homo neanderthalensis") had been living for a long time (at least 500,000 years in western Europe).

By about 42 to 44,000 years ago "Homo sapiens" had reached western Europe, including Britain. In Europe and western Asia, "Homo sapiens" replaced the Neanderthals by about 35,000 years ago. The details of this event are not known. At roughly the same time "Homo sapiens" arrived in Australia. Their arrival in the Americas was much later, about 15,000 years ago. All these earlier groups of modern man were hunter-gatherers.

Genetic studies and fossil evidence show that archaic "Homo sapiens" evolved to anatomically modern humans solely in Africa between 200,000 and 60,000 years ago. Members of one branch of "Homo sapiens" left Africa at some point between 125,000 and 60,000 years ago, and that over time these humans replaced earlier populations of the genus "Homo" such as Neanderthals and "Homo erectus". 

The date of the earliest successful "out of Africa" migration (earliest migrants with living descendants) has generally been placed at 60,000 years ago based on genetics, but migration out of the continent may have taken place as early as 125,000 years ago according to Arabian archaeological finds of tools in the region.


Uber

Uber traded on the NYSE under the ticker (UBER) is an American-based ride-sharing company. It created the Uber mobile app and a ridesharing network. “Shared rides” are provided by Uber drivers to passengers. The passengers pay money for each ride they receive. The mobile app allows passengers to request trips and pay for the rides online.

Passengers who want Uber rides “sign-up” with the Uber passenger mobile app. They provide their name, smartphone number, and a credit card number to Uber. Then they can request shared-rides through the Uber app.

Uber drivers use the Uber driver mobile app to find rideshare passengers. They are first enrolled with Uber as drivers. Then they log-on to the Uber mobile app. This tells Uber they are in a certain area and can take rideshares as passengers. The Uber app looks for passengers who want a ride to a particular place. The Uber driver finds the passenger via the map. Then they pick up the passenger and drive to the destination. When they reach the destination, they drop-off the passenger. The Uber mobile app records the journey, bills the passenger, and pays the driver.

Uber uses third party Internet mapping services such as Google Maps to find the location of the passenger and to navigate the driver.

Uber was founded as "UberCab" in San Francisco by Travis Kalanick and Garrett Camp in 2009. Three years later, Uber started to open international offices. In 2014, it experimented with carpooling features and made other updates.

In September 2018, Uber introduced a new logo.
https://youtube.com/watch?v=ISIjlRExdpE

Mail art

Mail art (also known as postal art and correspondence art) is a popular form of art. It involves sending small scale art works of art through the mail. Media commonly used in mail art includes postcards, paper, rubber stamps, and logos. It can also include anything that can be put in an envelope and sent via postal service.


Comminges

The Comminges is a natural region in southern France, near the Pyrenees. It contains the upper valley of the Garonne, one of France's four great rivers. It is one of the oldest inhabited places in France. Before the French Revolution it was a county of the historical region of Gascony. It was named for the ancient tribe the "Convenae". They were a Celtic tribe living in and around Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges by at least the 1st century BC.

William MacDonald (serial killer)

William MacDonald (born Allan Ginsberg; 17 June 1924 – 12 May 2015), also known as The Mutilator, was an Australian serial killer. He murdered five men, four in Sydney, New South Wales and one in Brisbane, Queensland, between 1961 and 1962. After his murders, he lived in New Zealand for a short time. After moving back to Australia, he ran off to Melbourne, Victoria where he was arrested.

MacDonald was born in Liverpool, England. In 1943, during World War II, he was in the army and apparently raped by one of his corporals. He moved from England to Canada in 1949 and then to Australia in 1955.

MacDonald died from natural causes on 12 May 2015 at a hospital in Randwick, New South Wales, aged 90.

The Game (mind game)

The Game is the name of a mind game. The goal is not to think about The Game itself. If someone thinks about The Game, they lose. If someone loses, they must tell someone or announce that they "lost The Game."

The first known reference of The Game appeared in 1990, though no one is sure how it started, and it will never end. It has lasted for about 30 years and accumulated millions of “players” around the world.

A similar game was played by Leo Tolstoy in 1840. The media has reported on The Game in many countries and has guessed the number of players to be in the millions.


Later on in years (2020s), it changed to one simply mentioning "The Game" and having another ask what it is to have them forever be apart of "The Game"


You can never truly win The Game. Anyone who overhears someone announce "I just lost The Game" or "You just lost The Game" also loses The Game. After losing you just start playing again. 


European Economic Community

The European Economic Community was the predecessor of the European Union. It existed from 1957 to 1992, when the Treaty of Maastricht led to more cooperation between the countries of the European Union. 

Scaptia beyonceae

Scaptia beyonceae is a species of horse fly found in north-east Queensland, Australia. It was first recorded in 1981 but not scientifically described until 2011. The fly is named after American recording artist and actress Beyoncé.

"Scaptia beyonceae" has a golden tip to its abdomen, formed by a dense patch of golden hairs. Hence its name.

2015 Philadelphia train derailment

The 2015 Philadelphia train derailment happened on May 12, 2015. An Amtrak "Northeast Regional" train derailed in the Port Richmond area of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Amtrak "Northeast Regional" No. 188 was on its way from Washington, D.C. to New York City. It derailed at 9:23 pm. The train went off the track. Some cars fell onto their sides.

The accident killed eight people and injured more than 200 people.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) said that there were no signs which suggested that the derailment was related to terrorism. A team from the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) also investigated.

The driver of the train, Amtrak engineer Brandon Bostian, suffered wounds to the legs and head, including a concussion, and was said to be unable to remember the incident.

Grigoriy Bronza

Grigoriy Zakharovich Bronza (30 April 192730 January 2010) was an artist of Transnistria (Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic). He was an art restorer and an honorary member of the Transnistria Union of Artists. Bronza was a designer of postage stamps of Transnistria and Moldova. He also helped create a number of museums in the former Soviet Union.

During World War II, Grigoriy Bronza served in the Red Army and was awarded the following Soviet military decorations:
Bronza is the author of the first stamps of Moldova issued in June 1991. He designed the first stamps of the Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic issued in December 1993. Bronza designed the third definitive stamp issue of Transnistria (1997). He also created a series of stamps for the 5th anniversary of the events in Bender (1997), a series of stamps "Historical and modern coats of arms of cities of Transnistria" (1999), and the 200th anniversary of Alexander Pushkin issue (1999).


Columbia County, New York

Columbia County, New York is a mostly rural county along the eastern side of the Hudson River. In 2020, the population was 61,570. The county seat is Hudson.

Cluses

Cluses is a commune in the French Haute-Savoie department.

Cluses is a twin town with:

Gol Transportes Aéreos

Gol Transportes Aéreos, also known as "Gol Airlines", is a low-cost carrier of Brazil. It began in 2000. Its headquarters are in São Paulo.

Gol began flights on January 15, 2000. In 2004, it began to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. In September 2011, Aerolíneas Argentinas began an agreement. After Varig Brazilian Airlines declared bankruptcy in 2006, Gol bought some of their possessions. Varig's airport lounge was also acquired by Gol in 2013. Gol currently owns the "Varig" name. It used to painted some airplanes with that name. In 2006, a Gol airplane hit a private jet. No one was hurt or killed on the private jet. But, all 154 people on the Gol airplane died. 

Garden fork

A garden fork, also called a spading fork or digging fork, is a tool for digging. It is used for loosening soil in gardening and farming. It is used similarly to a spade, but it can be pushed more easily into the ground. It does not cut through plant roots. Garden forks were made of wood, but now most are made of steel. 

Garden forks are slightly different from pitchforks. Their tines are usually shorter and thicker and closer together. 

Canadian Airlines

Canadian Airlines used to be the second largest airline of Canada. It flew to all five continents. Calgary, Alberta used to be their headquarters and hub. Canadian was also a founding member of Oneworld, but left the alliance in 2000. Air Canada bought the airline in 2000. 

Alexander Bulgakov

Alexander Yakovlevich Bulgakov (15 November 178117 April 1863) was a Russian diplomat, senator, and postal administrator.

Alexander Bulgakov was born in 1781 in Constantinople in the family of a Russian diplomat, Yakov Bulgakov (1743–1809). At the beginning of his career, Bulgakov worked in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He served as an official with special duties attached to the Governor General of Moscow in 1809–1832.

In 1832, Bulgakov stopped his diplomatic career and was appointed to Director of Posts in Moscow. He served in this position in 1832–1856. His younger brother Konstantin Bulgakov (1782–1835) was the Director of the Saint Petersburg Post Office at that time. Because both were the top officers of the Russian Postal Service, they could freely correspond with each other. Both brothers were much respected by their staff for their effort to improve working conditions for postal workers.


Rosa Julieta Montaño Salvatierra

Julieta Montaño (born 16 August 1946) is a Bolivian lawyer, a human rights defender, and a writer. In 2015 she won the US State Department's International Women of Courage Award.

Rosa Julieta Montaño Salvatierra was born 16 August 1946 in Quillacoll, Bolivia. She finished her Bachelor's degree in Humanities at the Universidad Mayor de San Simón in 1965. She finished her law degree at the same university in 1972. She finished Master's degrees in human rights and political science at the Universidad Mayor de San Simón and University of Huelva in Huelva, Spain. She finished her doctorate degree in human rights at the Universidad Pablo de Olavide in Seville, Spain. 

Montaño was the Vice President of the Human Rights Assembly of Bolivia and the Comptroller of Cochabamba, Bolivia. From 1997 to 2002 she was in the Chamber of Deputies representing the Cochabamba Department. In 1981, during the Bolivian Cocaine Coup, Montaño was the head of the "Union de Mujeres de Bolivia" (Union of Bolivian Women). She was arrested, and stayed in her house, under house arrest. Montaño returned to her work in 1981, after the end of the dictatorship.

On 11 April 1985 Montaño started the "Oficina Jurídica para la Mujer" (Legal Office for Women) to promote women’s rights and fight violence against women. The organization has helped more than 30,000 women. It has also worked with the Bolivian legislature to make laws to protect women.


Internet of things

Internet of things is an idea from computer science: connecting ordinary things like lights and doors to a computer network to make them "intelligent". An embedded system or a computer connects each thing together in a network and to the internet. Some technologies used for the internet of things are RFID and mesh nets. 
The connections allow each thing to collect and exchange data, and we can control them remotely or by setting rules or chains of actions. IoT improves the ease of life of humans and their daily activities. Experts estimate that the IoT will consist of almost 50 billion objects by 2020.
Examples where the internet of things has become reality:

M2M, or Machine to Machine communication, was the first iteration of the IoT back in the 1980s. Early traces of this technology are also found in SCADA, (also known as Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition). As technology has continued to develop and new devices emerged, the M2M and SCADA technology gave way to IoT and a new age of data collection and transmission.

These ideas have also been criticized. The main points of criticism are the following:


May Sabai Phyu

May Sabai Phyu (also May Sabe Phyu, born 5 August 1976) is an activist from Kachin state in Burma (Myanmar). She works for human rights, freedom of speech, peace, justice for Myanmar’s ethnic people. She works to stop violence against women. In 2015, she won the U.S. State Department's International Women of Courage Award.

In 2008, May Sabai Phyu started the Women’s Protection Technical Working Group during Cyclone Nargis. After the storm, 14 out of every 100 families were headed by women, many of them widows. Because of this, more women were in the sex trade for money or food. The Working Group helped women to find housing, sex education, and jobs.

After the problems of the storm were ended, the Working Group became the Gender Equality Network. May Sabai Phyu was the Senior Coordinator. In 2012, this group helped the government write the National Strategic Plan for the Advancement of Women. The organization also works for gender equality and makes plans to stop violence against women and girls.

May Sabai Phyu is a leader of the Kachin Peace Network. She led a protest against the civil war between Myanmar Government troops and the Kachin Independence Army. She spoke at Human Rights Workshops in Myanmar for human rights and for the rights of people with disabilities.


Levelland, Texas

Levelland is a city in the state of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of Hockley County. About 12,652 people lived there in 2020.

In November 1957, some drivers in Levelland saw an unidentified flying object that caused automobiles to stop until it lifted. Two of the drivers were Weir Clem, Levelland's sheriff, and Ray Jones, a firefighter.

Quitman, Texas

Quitman is a city in the state of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of Wood County. About 1,942 people lived there in 2020. It was named for John A. Quitman, a governor of Mississippi. Sissy Spacek was born in Quitman.

Quitman

Quitman is the name of six cities and a county in the United States, named for John A. Quitman, Governor of Mississippi:

Hateg Island

Hațeg Island was a large offshore island in the Tethys Sea during the late Cretaceous. It was in an area now around modern-day Hațeg, Hunedoara County, Romania. Upper Cretaceous fossils of small-sized dinosaurs have been found in the former island's rocks.

The island was formed mainly by tectonic uplift during the early Alpine orogeny towards the end of the Cretaceous. There is no real present-day analog, but the island of Hainan (off the coast of China) is perhaps closest as regards climate, geology and topography, though still not a particularly good match. The vegetation, for example, was quite distinct from today, as was the fauna.

Hungarian paleontologist Franz Nopcsa (1877–1933) had the idea that "limited resources" found on the island often have an effect of "reducing the size of animals" over the generations, producing a localized form of dwarfism. Nopcsa's theory of island dwarfism – also known as the "island rule" – is today widely accepted.

Volvic

Volvic is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. It is internationally known for its mineral water.

Island dwarfism

Island dwarfism, or insular dwarfism, is the reduction in size of large animals over a number of generations. 

The same process can happen in evolution on a mainland: an example is the evolution of the dwarfed marmosets and tamarins among New World monkeys. The smallest member is "Cebuella pygmaea". 

The main cause is their population's range being limited to a small environment, and this happens most often on islands. This process has occurred many times throughout evolutionary history. Examples include dinosaurs, like "Europasaurus", and modern animals such as elephants and their relatives. 

This process may occur not only on traditional islands, but also in other situations where an ecosystem is isolated from external resources and breeding. This may include caves, desert oases, isolated valleys and isolated mountains ("sky islands"). Insular dwarfism is one aspect of the more general "island rule": when mainland animals colonize islands, small species tend to evolve larger bodies, perhaps because the island may not have key predators. On the other hand large species may evolve smaller bodies because food supplies are limited.

There are several proposed explanations for the mechanism which produces such dwarfism.

One is based on the idea that a smaller territory means a smaller food supply. A process where only smaller animals trapped on the island survive, as food declines to a borderline level. Population declines and, as smaller animals need fewer resources and smaller territories, they will survive longer. Eventually food sources replenish, and the survivors flourish. Smaller size is also advantageous from a reproductive standpoint, as it leads to shorter gestation periods and generation times.

Among carnivores, the main factor is thought to be the size and availability of prey resources, and competition is believed to be less important. In tiger snakes, insular dwarfism occurs on islands where available prey is restricted to smaller sizes than are normally taken by mainland snakes. Since prey size preference in snakes is generally proportional to body size, small snakes may be better adapted to take small prey.

The occurrence of small species on islands is known as Foster's Rule, and was first used by van Valen in 1973. 

Konstantin Bulgakov

Konstantin Yakovlevich Bulgakov (31 December 178229 October 1835) was a Russian diplomat, privy councillor, and postal administrator.

Konstantin Bulgakov served as the Director of the Moscow Post Office. Since 1819 he was the Director of Saint Petersburg Post Office. Bulgakov later became the Director of the Postal Department of the Russian Empire. He and his brother Alexander Bulgakov, Director of the Moscow Post Office, could freely correspond with each other because both were the top officers of the Russian Postal Service.

Konstantin Bulgakov was the son of a diplomat, Yakov Bulgakov (1743–1809). He was born in Constantinople in 1782. Bulgakov began working in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1797. Thanks to his linguistic skills, he served in a diplomatic capacity during Russia's wars with Turkey and France. At the Congress of Vienna in 1815, Bulgakov assisted the Russian Tsar Alexander I and the Foreign Minister. The Tsar offered him an ambassador position in Copenhagen. However, Bulgakov asked the Tsar for his appointment as Director of Posts in Moscow in February 1816. He soon succeeded in this post and was transferred to Saint Petersburg on 23 December 1819. As Director of Saint Petersburg Posts, Bulgakov worked there with Prince Golitsyn, who was in charge of the Russian Postal Department.

In 1831, Bulgakov was promoted to the Director of the Postal Department and decorated. However, he suffered two strokes in 1835. That was a consequence
of overwork. Bulgakov died the same year.

Among Bulgakov's innovations was the establishment of passenger-carrying mail-coaches between the major towns of Russia and the Baltic provinces. These services started in 1821 and worked, until they were replaced with the railway in 1868.

In 1825, the first survey of post-roads in Russia was published. Begun in 1817, construction of paved roads continued and reached over 1,500 miles by the 1850s. This progress enabled Bulgakov to introduce a system of express posts ("extra" posts) between major cities.

Bulgakov also concluded a postal treaty with Prussia. In 1832, he set up a steamship service between Saint Petersburg and Lübeck.

All these improvements reduced the delivery times for mail. For example, mail from Berlin to Saint Petersburg came in five days instead of nine. The Dowager Empress Maria Feodorovna, the widow of Paul I and a former German princess, praised the better postal service.

Bulgakov paid much attention to improve working conditions for postal workers.


Évian-les-Bains

Évian-les-Bains is a commune in the French Haute-Savoie department. It is a famous spa town, widely known for its mineral water.

Thonon-les-Bains

Thonon-les-Bains is a commune in the French Haute-Savoie department. It is a famous spa town, also known for its mineral water.

Bill Guthridge

William Wallace "Bill" Guthridge (July 27, 1937 – May 12, 2015) was an American college basketball coach. Guthridge is known for serving for 30 years as Dean Smith's assistant at the University of North Carolina. Following Dean Smith's retirement in 1997, Guthridge served as head coach of the Tar Heels for three seasons.

Guthridge died at his home in Chapel Hill, North Carolina on May 12, 2015 after a long-illness, aged 77.


Derek Davis

Derek Davis (26 April 1948 – 13 May 2015) was an Irish broadcaster. He co-hosted "Live at 3". He also presented "Out of the Blue" and won "Celebrity Bainisteoir".

Davis died on 13 May 2015 after a short illness, aged 67.


Dieppe

Dieppe is a commune in Upper Normandy. Dieppe is in the Arrondissement of Dieppe in the Seine-Maritime department in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France. The population stands at 34,000.

Dieppe is in front of The English Channel

Saumur

Saumur is a commune in Maine-et-Loire.

Juan-les-Pins

Juan-les-Pins is a town in the commune of Antibes in the department of Alpes-Maritimes.

Atari, Inc.

Atari, Inc. is an American video game and home computer company. It was founded in 1972 by Nolan Bushnell and Ted Dabney. Atari was the first company to make a video arcade game in a cabinet. The company made famous games, such as Pong. Atari helped define the gaming entertainment industry and home computers from the 1970s to the mid-1980s. They made home computers until 1993. 
Atari filed for bankruptcy in 2013


Chevrolet Trax

Chevrolet Trax is a subcompact CUV/mini SUV (Europe) sold by the Chevrolet division by General Motors. It was introduced in 2013. It replaced both the Chevrolet HHR station wagon and the Suzuki based Tracker subcompact SUV. It is a mere rebadged version of Opel Mokka, which is also offered in the U.S. as Buick Encore. It is built on GM's Gamma platform. The Gamma platform is also used to built the Sonic and the Spark. In 2014 it replaced the Chevrolet Captiva Sport as GM's fleet car. The car is sold under the name Tracker in Russia due to the word trax loosely. translating to a sexual connotation. GM has thought of selling a GMC version of this vehicle due to sales success in the U.S.

Chevrolet Tracker

The Chevrolet Tracker was a subcompact SUV made in Canada. It is sold by General Motors. It was introduced in 1989 as a Geo model. It derives from Suzuki's Escudo model. The Tracker was built at CAMI Automotive which was jointly owned by GM and Suzuki til 2010. 

In Canada, it was sold under various names such as GMC Tracker and Asüna/Pontiac Sunrunner. The Sunrunner was replaced in 2001 by the minivan-based Aztek CUV. In 1998 the Tracker became an official Chevrolet brand due to GM consolidating the Geo brand. The United States/Canadian version of the Tracker continued until 2004 where it was discontinued and replaced by the Chevrolet Equinox. The Tracker was still made in Mexico and Brazil until the late 2000s where it was replaced by the Chevrolet Captiva and the Chevrolet Captiva Sport. In 2015 Chevrolet introduced Trax model to the U.S. and it serves as a secondary replacement for the Tracker.

Gallows letter

In postal history, a gallows letter was a letter with a "gallows" mark meaning "very quickly".

Gallows letters were official letters or dispatches used by the Privy Council of Elizabeth I of England. To express an extreme degree of urgency of delivery, the letter had on the address panel a rough drawing of a gallows. Sometimes the picture included a hanging body. These drawings could also have repeated written directions as ""haste haste"", ""post haste"", ""haste for life"", ""for life haste"", etc.

There are also modern forgeries of such letters. This is when counterfeit gallows marks have been applied onto original letters.


Europasaurus

Europasaurus is a basal sauropod from the titanosaur clade, but very much smaller than usual.

This quadrupedal herbivorous dinosaur lived during the Upper Jurassic (middle Kimmeridgian, about 154 million years ago). It was found in northern Germany. It is an example of insular dwarfism. This means it probably came from an isolated sauropod population on an island in the Lower Saxony basin.

Small sauroopods with an adult body mass less than five tonnes are rare, and small sauropod bones usually come from juveniles. This species was a small adult, based on its bone histology. It was a dwarf species. 

There are fossils from more than 11 individuals of 1.7 to 6.2 m in total body length. These size differences between the specimens are due to growth stages, from juveniles to fully grown individuals. The little dinosaurs must have lived on one of the large islands around the Lower Saxony basin. 

A similar discovery was made in Transylvania at the start of the 20th century. a local aristocrat, Franz Nopcsa, found the fossils on his estate. He realised they might have lived on an island, because he knew that dwarf elephants had lived on islands in the Ice Age. Nopsca's estate was ruined by World War I, but his find was recorded as "Magyarosaurus".

Jon Castañares

Jon Mirena Bitor Castañares Larreategui (1925 – 5 May 2015) was a Spanish politician and economist. He was born in Bilbao. He was known for being a strong supporter of Basque nationalism. He served as mayor of Bilbao from 1979 through 1983.

Castañares died in Bilbao at the age of 90.

Fleet Foxes

Fleet Foxes is an American indie folk band that started in Seattle, Washington. It is signed to the Sub Pop and Bella Union record labels. The band became well-known in 2008 for their second EP, "Sun Giant", and their first album "Fleet Foxes". Fleet Foxes' second studio album, "Helplessness Blues", was released on 3 May 2011.

Robin Pecknold and Skyler Skjelset both went to Lake Washington High School in Kirkland, Washington, and became friends. They listened to Bob Dylan and Neil Young and began making music together.

First they took the name "The Pineapples", but another band in the area had the same name. Pecknold then decided upon "Fleet Foxes". Pecknold became the principal songwriter, both singing and playing guitar, while Skjelset played lead guitar. The producer Phil Ek and he helped them record their first demo in 2006, the "Fleet Foxes" EP. By late 2006, Seattle journalists began to notice the band.

They became popular by doing local concerts. They started making their first album in early 2007. They recorded in the studio with producer Ek. They recorded most of their tracks at home because they did not have a lot of money.

Fleet Foxes became popular through word of mouth exposure. By late 2007, their songs had been played over 250,000 times on their Myspace site. They got a record deal with Sub Pop (a subsidiary record label of Warner Music) on 18 January 2008. Robin's sister, Aja Pecknold, became band manager. The band's frontman, Robin Pecknold, says that they got most of their success and popularity from people sharing their music illegally online.

The band recorded their second EP, "Sun Giant", at Bear Creek Studio and performed overdubs and mixed at Seattle's Avast! Recording Co. Fleet Foxes began a tour with the band Blitzen Trapper on 28 February 2008. The band's performances, first at the SXSW festival in March 2008, and then the Sasquatch! festival in May 2008, got them the most attention from the public.

"Sun Giant" was released internationally on 8 April 2008. It was well received by the press. After this, Christian Wargo joined the band on guitar and J. Tillman joined the band on drums. Their first full length album, "Fleet Foxes", was released on 3 June 2008. The album achieved similar critical success as the previous EP. On 24 June 2008, "Fleet Foxes" went to No. 1 on the College Music Journal Radio 200 Chart.

In Europe, "Fleet Foxes" sold over 200,000 copies in the five months following its release. The album received good reviews from critics. In Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom, tickets for their concerts sold out. By the end of 2008, it had sold over 408,000 copies in North America and over 100,000 copies in the United Kingdom.

They went on a worldwide tour in 2008 and 2009.

The band started practicing their new songs in February 2009. Recording did not start until April 2010. Many of the vocal tracks were recorded in one take.

The album, "Helplessness Blues", was released on 3 May 2011. The cover was illustrated by the Seattle artist Toby Liebowitz and painted by Christopher Alderson. The album features new band member Morgan Henderson on upright bass and woodwind instruments.

On 18 January 2012, drummer J. Tillman announced that he had left the band.

Helplessness Blues was nominated for Best Folk Album at the 2012 Grammy Awards, on 12 February 2012.

The band went on hiatus from 2013 to 2016.

On May 18, 2016, Robin Pecknold said on his Instagram account that Fleet Foxes were working on new music.

Their third album, called "Crack-Up", was released on June 16, 2017. It was released on Nonesuch Records, a new label for the band.

They started playing concerts again on May 15, 2017.




Victor Fleming

Victor Lonzo Fleming (February 23, 1889 – January 6, 1949) was an American movie director, cinematographer, and producer. His most popular movie were "The Wizard of Oz" (1939), and "Gone with the Wind" (1939). He won an Academy Award for Best Directing in 1939.

Fleming died of a heart attack while on his way to the hospital in Cottonwood, Arizona, aged 59.


Kelly Olynyk

Kelly Tyler Olynyk (born April 19, 1991) is an Canadian professional basketball player. He is a power forward-center for the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was born in Toronto, Ontario and moved to Kamloops, British Columbia when he was in grade 7.

Olynyk played college basketball at Gonzaga University. During his freshman and sophomore years there, Olynyk averaged 12 to 13 minutes per game and was mainly a bench player. During his junior year, Olynyk and Gonzaga both agreed that he would redshirt. He played in the 2012–13 season and was selected for both the Consensus First-Team All-American and the 2012–13 Academic All-America first team.

Olynyk was selected 13th overall by the Dallas Mavericks in the 2013 NBA draft. The same day, the Mavericks traded Olynyk to the Boston Celtics in exchange for Lucas Nogueira and two future second round picks. During his first summer league game, he scored 25 points with 9-of-13 shooting. He signed his rookie scale contract with the Celtics on July 7, 2013.

On October 29, 2014, the Celtics extended Olynyk's rookie scale contract through the 2015–16 season after exercising their third-year team option. On December 15, 2014, Olynyk scored a career-high 30 points in a 105-87 win over the Philadelphia 76ers.

During the first quarter of Game 4 of the 2015 NBA Playoffs, Olynyk got tangled with Cleveland Cavaliers player Kevin Love while battling for a loose ball and dislocated Love's left shoulder. Love called it a "bush-league play" and Olynyk said that he would "never intentionally hurt someone." The league suspended Olynyk for one game without pay and ruled that he had "yanked [Love's] arm down".

On September 26, 2022, Olynyk was traded to the Utah Jazz.

Olynyk plays for the Canada men's national basketball team. He was the captain of the Canadian team during the FIBA Basketball World Cup in 2023. During the tournament, he helped Canada defeat France, Germany, and World champions Spain to help Canada clinch a spot in the Olympics for the first time since 2000. Canada would defeat the United States to win the bronze medal. It was Canada's first international medal since 1936.

Millerites

Millerites was the name for the followers of the teachings of William Miller. In 1833, Miller said that he had done some calculations, and that the second coming of Christ would happen about the year 1844. This turned out to be false, and there was a great disappointment. Miller had documented how he did Bible interpretation, so anyone could do it. After the disappointment, some movements emerged that were generally called "Adventist".

War tax due stamp

War tax due stamp is a kind of war tax and postage due stamps that was used for mail when the war tax has not been paid by the sender. They were issued in Romania between 1915 and 1921.

During war the sender of a letter paid a war tax. Then they placed a war tax stamp on the letter showing the tax was paid. If the sender did not do that, a war tax due stamp was applied by the postal service. When the letter was delivered the person receiving the letter paid double the normal rate.


Emilie Béatrice Epaye

Emilie Béatrice Epaye is a politician and teacher from the Central African Republic. She was a minister in the government and she was in the National Assembly. Epaye works for better government, economic development, freedom, human rights, and peace. In 2015, she won the U.S. State Department's International Women of Courage Award.

Emilie Béatrice Epaye was born about 1956. She studied to be a teacher. She worked in her family transportation business. 

In 2000, Epaye became the new director of the "La Fondation la Voix du Coeur" (The Voice of the Heart Foundation) organization. Lucienne Patassé, the wife of president Ange-Félix Patassé started the organization in 1994 to help street children. She started a home for the children in the city of Bangui, The children received food, education, medical care, and training, in a place that was safe and free from violence. 

In 2003, General François Bozizé led a coup and became the new leader of the Central African Republic. He formed a transition council to help with the change in government. The council wrote the 2004 constitution. Epaye was in the transition council. 

From 2003 to 2005, Epaye was president of the Foreign Affairs Commission of the National Assembly and was a member of the National Transitional Council. In 2005 she became the Minister of Commerce, Industry and Small and Medium Enterprises. She was in that position for five years. In 2008 she became the Minister of Trade and Industry. She was in that position through 2011.

In 2013 there was a new coup by a group called "Séléka". Michel Djotodia became president, but there was much violence. The United Nations, the African Union, and the French government sent soldiers to stop the fighting. New elections were scheduled for 2015, and Catherine Samba-Panza was elected leader of the country for the transition. Epaye was in the new council to help with the transition. 

From 2003-2005, Epaye was a member of the Inter-Parliamentary Commission of the Economic and Monetary Community of Central Africa (CEMAC). Beginning in 2008, she was the leader of the African Intellectual Property Organization (OAPI. She also was on the Council of Ministers of the Economic Union of Central Africa (CAEU). 

In 2010, the Council of Ministers of the Economic Union of Central Africa (CAEU), gave Epaye the Medal of Grand Officer of the Order of Merit from the CEMAC Community. In 2015, the U.S. State Department gave her the International Women of Courage Award. 


Continental Europe

Continental Europe is the European mainland. It is distinct from the various offshore islands, including British Isles, Iceland, the Balearic Islands, Corsica, the Italian islands, and the Greek islands. People in the islands also use it to refer to ways in which the customs and speech of mainlanders differ from their own.

Marie Claire Tchecola

Marie Claire Tchecola is a nurse from Guinea. She got Ebola, but she lived. She is an activist who teaches about disease. In 2015, the U.S. State Department gave Tchecola the International Women of Courage Award.

Tchecola is from a small village in Guinea, near Senegal. She was the first woman in her family to get an education. She studied to be a nurse. She worked as a nurse at Donka Hospital in Conakry, Guinea. In July 2014, she worked with a very sick patient. She got Ebola from that patient. She went to a center for treatment. She got better. 

After Tchecola got well, she went back to her job as a nurse at Donka Hospital. She had more problems. She lost her housing, because her landlord did not understand Ebola.



Tainted Love

"Tainted Love" is a pop rock single. It was first sung by Gloria Jones. The lyrics are about leaving a relationship due to being abused.

The song was first released in May 1965. In 1981, Soft Cell covered the song. Their version hit #1 on some charts. In summer 1982, it reached #8 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

There are many versions of the song. It has been covered by many musicians.

Gloria Jones

Gloria Jones (born October 19, 1945) is an American singer and songwriter. She recorded the 1965 song "Tainted Love". She also had other songs.

On September 16, 1977, Jones was driving a car. Marc Bolan of the group T. Rex was a passenger. The car crashed and killed Bolan.

Jones was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. She later moved to Los Angeles, California.

Gainan Saidkhuzhin

Gainan Rakhmatovich Saidkhuzhin (; 30 June 1937 – 13 May 2015) was a Soviet cyclist. He was a ten-time cycling champion of the Soviet Union. He competed in the road race at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics and finished in 34th and 41st places, respectively. He was born in Novosibirsk to a Tatar family.

Saidkhuzhin died from a heart attack on 13 May 2015 in Miami, Florida, United States. He was 77.

Luxeuil-les-Bains

Luxeuil-les-Bains is a spa town located in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in the Haute-Saône department in eastern France. About people live there.

All-Russian Society of Philatelists

All-Russian Society of Philatelists was a national philatelic organisation in Soviet Russia established in 1923. Later on, it was subsequently renamed and reorganised into the All-Union Society of Philatelists and the All-Union Society of Collectors.
The idea of a new countrywide philatelic society was supported by the Russian Bureau of Philately at the RSFSR National Commissariat of Post and Telegraphs in 1922. On 15 March 1923, the charter of the All-Russian Society of Philatelists was approved. On 6 April 1923 its first meeting took place in Moscow. The society's branches worked in Yerevan, Tiflis, Tashkent, Ashgabat, Baku, and other cities. In 1924–1925, the First All-Union Philatelic Exhibition was held. The All-Russian Society of Philatelists published the "Soviet Philatelist" journal (1922–1932). It existed till the late 1930s.



Aix-les-Bains

Aix-les-Bains is a commune in the Savoie department. It is a well-known spa town.

First All-Union Philatelic Exhibition

The First All-Union Philatelic Exhibition was held in Moscow in 1924–1925. Its full name was the First All-Union Philatelic, Scripophilic and Numismatic Exhibition. This was because it combined the objects of philately, scripophily (collecting stock and bond certificates), and numismatics (of coins, money).

The exhibition was organised from 15 December 1924 to 15 February 1925. This was done by the Presidium of the All-Union Philatelic Association and Board of the All-Russian Society of Philatelists. The combined exhibition was meant to prepare formation of the "All-Union Society of Collectors". The society was to be under the direction of Feodor Chuchin, the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily.


WOW air

WOW air was a budget airline from Iceland.

WOW air began in November 2011. Its first flight was on 1 June 2012. The airline flew 11 airplanes from the Airbus A320 family to destinations in Europe, North America and the Middle East.

Wow air stopped operations on 28 March 2019. All flights were cancelled and thousands of stranded passengers were told to book with other airliners.

Dzhokhar Tsarnaev

Dzhokhar Anzorovich "Jahar" Tsarnaev (Cyrillic: Джоха́р Анзо́рович Царна́ев ; born July 22, 1993) and his brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev planted bombs at the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. The bombings killed three people and reportedly injured as many 264 others. On May 15, 2015, a Boston U.S. federal court jury verdict resulted in a death-sentence verdict for Tsarnaev for his crimes.

He and his family immigrated to the United States as refugees in 2002. Tsarnaev was a student at University of Massachusetts Dartmouth. He had become a naturalized U.S. citizen on September 11, 2012.

During the bombings, on April 19, there was a shootout between police and the Tsarnaev brothers. MBTA police officer was critically injured in the course of Tsarnaev's escape in the SUV Tsarnaev was injured but escaped. On the evening of April 19, the heavily wounded Tsarnaev was found unarmed hiding in a boat on a trailer in Watertown just outside the police perimeter. He was arrested and taken to a hospital. It was later reported that he was persuaded to surrender when the FBI negotiators mentioned a public plea from his former wrestling coach.

Tsarnaev was charged on April 22 with using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death and with destruction of property resulting in death.

He was convicted on April 8, 2015, and was sentenced to death on May 15, 2015. Tsarnaev allegedly later said during questioning that they next intended to detonate explosives in Times Square in New York City. Tsarnaev reportedly also said to authorities that he and his brother were radicalized, at least in part, by watching Anwar al-Awlaki lectures.


Catholic Christian Outreach

Catholic Christian Outreach Canada (CCO) is a group of Catholics who do missionary work at universities in Canada. They try to teach students three things:

André and Angèle Regnier started CCO in 1988 at the University of Saskatchewan. The Regniers were part of an Evangelical Protestant group called Campus Crusade for Christ. They saw that other people in this group were excited about being Christians. They wanted Catholics to be excited about their religion too. They found a group of Catholics called the Catholic Charismatic Renewal who were already trying to do this. This group showed them how to get Catholics to be excited about their religion. The Regniers and their parish priest started CCO so that they could teach university students at the University of Saskatchewan about their religion and how to teach others about it too.

CCO began with only four missionaries at the University of Saskatchewan. As of August 2013, it had more than 70 missionaries at eleven universities. CCO plans to start doing missionary work on 20 new universities between 2008 and 2028.

CCO runs a conference called "Rise Up" every year. It is one of the largest conferences for young Catholics in Canada. The largest Rise Up was in Ottawa in 2013. There were 850 people there.

The conference happens every year from December 28 to January 1. At Rise Up, there are presentations, workshops, songs, prayers in front of the Eucharist, confession, and a big dinner and dance on New Year's Eve. 

CCO runs many missions. Some of them are in Canada and some of them are in other countries. CCO often sends students and missionaries to World Youth Day.

There is a mission that happens every year called IMPACT. Students from across Canada go to one city for a summer of missionary work. They live together and work in teams at various parishes, where they lead faith studies and run retreats and special events. IMPACT also has a weekly event called Cornerstone that involves skits, songs, testimonies, and Catholic teaching, a Courageous Catholic program that teaches people how to share their faith, and a monthly Summit event involving songs, prayers in front of the Eucharist, and confession.
Students involved with CCO lead and attend weekly faith studies at the university. These faith studies help students learn more about their religion and how they can live it out. The studies are based on the Bible, the Catechism of the Catholic Church, and other Christian writings. They also use many analogies, a way of explaining things simply. There are five studies called "Discovery", "Source", "Growth", "Obedience", and "Commission".

CCO wrote a small book "The Ultimate Relationship" to teach people the basic parts of the Christian religion.


Tamerlan Tsarnaev

Tamerlan Anzorovich Tsarnaev (Тамерла́н Анзо́рович Царна́ев ; October 21, 1986 – April 19, 2013) and his brother Dzhokhar Tsarnaev planted bombs at the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. The bombings killed three people and reportedly injured as many as 264 others.

Shortly after the Federal Bureau of Investigation declared them suspects in the bombings and released images of them, the Tsarnaev brothers killed an MIT police officer, carjacked an SUV. They soon engaged in a shootout with the police in the Boston suburb of Watertown. 

According to the police, during the shootout Tamerlan was captured, but died partly as a result of his brother driving over him. He was 26 years old.


Organisation of the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily

Organisation of the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily was established in Moscow in 1922 by the All-Russian Central Executive Committee (VTsIK) for matters concerned with philately and bonds. An old Bolshevik Feodor Chuchin headed this organisation.

To help finance the Central Famine Relief Committee (POMGOL), VTsIK decided to sell abroad postage stamps of Imperial Russia and the newly formed governments of the Civil War period. The idea was to obtain hard currency for them. Feodor Chuchin was named in 1921 the POMGOL commissioner for matters pertaining to stamp donations.

In March 1922, the Organisation of the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily was set up. Chuchin was appointed to supervise its activities in Soviet Russia and abroad. The sale of stamps and paper money was profitable:
The Organisation of the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily existed till 1926 and was superseded by the Soviet Philatelic Association.


Spy (2015 movie)

Spy is a 2015 American action comedy spy movie directed by Paul Feig. This movie is about a CIA analyst, Susan Cooper. She goes undercover in the world of a deadly arms dealer to prevent a global disaster. Melissa McCarthy plays Susan Cooper. Allison Janney plays Elaine Crocker.

The movie was released on June 5, 2015 in the United States.

Michelle (song)

"Michelle" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on the band's 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was mainly written by Paul McCartney, with some parts written by John Lennon. It is a love ballad and some of the words are in French.

According to Walter Everett:



Pat Hitchcock

Patricia Hitchcock O'Connell (7 July 1928 – 9 August 2021) was an English actress and producer. She appeared in small roles in some of her fathers well known works most notable as Carolina in "Psycho" (1960). Her father was legendary director Alfred Hitchcock.

Hitchcock died on 9 August 2021 in Thousand Oaks, California at the age of 93.

Vera Miles

Vera Miles (born August 23, 1929) is an American actress. She worked closely with Alfred Hitchcock. She is known for her role as Lila Crane in the classic masterpiece "Psycho", and in the sequel "Psycho II". Her other popular movie include "The Wrong Man", "The Searchers", "Follow Me Boys!" and "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance".

Wood County

Wood County is the name of four counties in the United States:


Wood County, Texas

Wood County is a county in the state of Texas in the United States. In 2020, 44,843 people lived there. The county seat is Quitman. The county was named for George T. Wood, governor of Texas from 1847 to 1849.

Veneridae

Veneridae is a family of clams, with over 500 described species, in twelve subfamilies. They are commonly called Venus clams. They are bivalve molluscs. Many are edible and used as seafood. Venus clams occur in all seas of the world. Most live near the shore, preferably in areas with sandy bottoms.

Hinge teeth

Hinge teeth are part of the inner surface of the shell of a bivalve mollusc. Bivalves by definition have two valves (parts of the shell). They are joined together by a strong and flexible ligament on the hinge line at the dorsal (top) edge of the shell.

In life, the shell needs to be able to open slightly to allow the foot and siphons to protrude, and then close again, "without the valves moving out of alignment with one another". To make this possible, the two valves usually have hinge teeth (the "dentition"). Like the ligament, the hinge teeth are along the hinge line of the shell.

In most families, the two valves of the shell are almost perfectly symmetrical with one another along the hinge line, though the placement and shape of the teeth may differ slightly in the left valve and right valve so the two valves fit together properly.

Each group of bivalves tends to have distinctive hinge teeth. Because of this, examining the arrangement of the hinge teeth in a bivalve shell is often essential for identification and classification.

The other great shelled phylum, the brachiopods, also has a group with hinge teeth. In the traditional classification, the Articulata have toothed hinges between the valves. In the Inarticulata the two parts of the shell are held together only by muscles.

Stotting

Stotting (or pronking) is a behaviour of some bovines, particularly gazelles. They spring into the air, and lift all four feet off the ground simultaneously. Usually, the legs are held in a relatively stiff position and the back may be arched with the head pointing downward. Many explanations of stotting have been proposed. At least in some cases it is an honest signal to predators that the stotting animal is not worth pursuing.

Stotting makes a prey animal more visible and uses up energy and time that could be spent escaping. Therefore, it is assumed that it must bring some benefit to the stotting animal. A number of possible explanations have been proposed. Stotting may be:


The English evolutionary biologist John Maynard Smith concludes that "the natural explanation is that stotting is an index of condition and of escape capability", used as a signal especially to coursing predators. He also observes that "it is hard to see how it could be a handicap", unless perhaps it is a signal to other gazelles of the same species.

Green economy

The green economy is defined as an economy that results in reducing environmental risks and ecological scarcities. It aims for sustainable development without degrading the environment. It is closely related with ecological economics, but has a more politically applied focus. The 2011 UNEP Green Economy Report argues "that to be green, an economy must not only be efficient, but also fair. Fairness implies recognising global and country level equity dimensions, particularly in assuring a just transition to an economy that is low-carbon, resource efficient, and socially inclusive."

Karl Burkart defines a green economy as based on six main sectors:

The International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) representing global business defines green economy as “an economy in which economic growth and environmental responsibility work together in a mutually reinforcing fashion while supporting progress on social development”.

In 2012, the ICC published the "Green Economy Roadmap". It states that a shift towards a green economy requires the following:

A number of organisations and individuals have criticised aspects of the 'Green Economy'. The research organisation ETC Group argues that the corporate emphasis on a biobased economy "will spur even greater convergence of corporate power and unleash the most massive resource grab in more than 500 years." Venezuelan professor Edgardo Lander says that the UNEP's report, "Towards a Green Economy", while well-intentioned "ignores the fact that the capacity of existing political systems to (regulate and restrict)... is seriously limited by the political and financial power of the corporations." Ulrich Hoffmann, in a paper for UNCTAD also says that the focus on Green Economy and "green growth" in particular, "based on an evolutionary (and often reductionist) approach will not be sufficient to cope with the complexities of climate change". He added it "may rather give much false hope and excuses to do nothing really fundamental that can
bring about a U-turn of global greenhouse gas emissions.


Chevrolet Spark

Chevrolet Spark is a city car sold by General Motors. It was first introduced in 1998 as Daewoo Matiz. In 2002 it was redesigned for a second generation. It began to be exported and sold under various names including Chevrolet Joy and Pontiac Matiz. In 2007 the third generation was introduced. It was only sold as Chevrolet and Daewoo. GM plans to stop making the Spark and replace it with a brand new vehicle called the Opel Karl. GM will still use the Spark name in U.S., Korean and Australian markets. Ever since its first generation the Spark is only offered as a 5-door hatchback.

Héricourt (Haute-Saône)

Héricourt is a commune located in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in the Haute-Saône department in eastern France. About people live there.

Gray (Haute-Saône)

Gray is a commune located in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in the Haute-Saône department in eastern France. About people live there.

It was, since the Middle Ages, an important river port, an important trading center in Franche-Comté.

Gray is believed to have got its name from an old landed estate in its area owned by a family with Gallo-Roman origins having the name "Gradus", cognate with the Celtic "Grady" meaning "illustrious" or "noble".

Gray is situated on the banks of the river Saône. It is the last major town in Haute-Saône before the Saône flows into Côte-d'Or.

Dodge Charger

The Dodge Charger is an American full-size car. They are marketed through the Dodge division of Chrysler. Several different vehicles built on at least three different chassis have had the Charger name.

Notable years in Charger history are:

The Dodge Charger first premiered with the 1966 models. Dodge added a fastback roof on their Coronet (B-body). Inside there were four bucket seats with a full length console. Engines included the 318 cid (cubic inch displacement), the 361 cid, 383 cid and a 426 Hemi. Transmissions included a three-speed manual, four-speed manual and Torqueflite automatic. In 1968 the Charger was restyled to improve sales. But as the muscle car era was nearly over, sales went down.

Dodge introduced the Charger SE in 1975. It was a clone of the Chrysler Cordoba. Like the Cordoba it was a luxury car. The base engine was the 360 cid. The 318 cid and the 400 cid engines were optional. A new new Charger Daytona model was available with larger tires. It had no resemblance to the NASCAR Daytona Charger. In 1975 Dodge chargers won 14 NASCAR Grand National races. But they did it in 1974 Chargers. The 1975 Chargers were just too heavy. In 1978 Chrysler was facing financial troubles. Lee Iacocca turned Chrysler around and by 1983 the company was making money again.

The Dodge Charger was re-introduced in 2006. The new Charger is a four-door sedan. It rides on the new rear-wheel drive LX platform sharing similarities with the Chrysler 300. In 2011 the next generation was launched. The styling of the 2011 was like the late 1960s muscle car Chargers. The Pentastar 3.6 liter V6 was the base engine. The 292 hp V6 engine got 21 mpg city and 31 mpg on the highway using an 8-speed automatic transmission. The combination could move the Charger from 0-60 mph in 6.6 seconds. It was available in rear-wheel drive or all-wheel drive. 

Sayaka Osakabe

Sayaka Osakabe (; born 1978) is a Japanese magazine editor and women's rights activist. She went to court because of Japan's Equal Opportunities law. The government decided that discrimination against women because of pregnancy is illegal. In 2015, the U.S State Department gave Osakabe the International Women of Courage Award. 

Sayaka Osakabe was born in Japan in 1978. She had a job as a magazine editor. She became pregnant, so she asked her boss for shorter work hours. Osakabe's boss wanted her to quit her job. Osakabe was pregnant twice and she lost the baby twice. Then Osakabe asked for a leave of absence so she could leave her job to become pregnant, then return to the job. Her boss refused. Osakabe quit her job, but she took her case to a labor tribunal. In June, 2014, Osakabe won her case. 

Osakabe started a support group called "Matahara Net". The word comes from the English words "maternity and harassment". The word "matahara" is now a legal term.


Arbana Xharra

Arbana Xharra is a journalist from Kosovo. In 2015 she won the International Women of Courage Award from the US State Department.

Arbana Xharra became a journalist in 2001. She worked for "Koha Ditore", Kosovo's first independent newspaper, in 2006 and 2007. She wrote for "Balkan Insight" and is now editor-in-chief of "Zëri".

Xharra writes about many public issues. In 2006 she investigated government expense reports and problems with financial management. In 2007, she wrote about inflation and food shortages. In 2010 she wrote a report about the finances of the state-run Telecom of Kosovo. 

In 2012, Xharra had legal problems. She wrote a report about government corruption and about politicians' connections with local business. The court decided that Xharra acted correctly. They said she followed the Code of Ethics for print media of Kosovo.

In 2012, Xharra investigated the increase of religious activity in the former Yugoslavia. She wrote about religious extremism and its effect on society. When she investigated Islamic extremists in Kosovo, she found connections with terrorist organizations. Xharra's report helped the government with the problem. After the report, she received death threats.

Xharra won the UNDP Prize three times--in 2006, 2007, and 2008--for her articles on corruption in Kosovo. In 2012 she won a Balkan Fellowship for Journalistic Excellence and studied the changing attitudes towards Islam in Kosovo. In 2013 she won the "Rexhai Surroi Award" from the KOHA Group for an article on extremism. She also won the "Stirring Up Debate Award" from INPO Ferizaj for starting public discussion on religious extremism. In 2015 she won the US Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award.


Life Ball

The Life Ball is a charity event, held each year in Vienna. It is an event to help raise funds to combat HIV. It is one of the biggest such events in the world. Gery Keszler and Torgom Petrosian started the foundation in 1993. Torgom Petrosian, a doctor who was affected, has since died of AIDS. 

Many people notable from public life take part in the opening ceremony. The event is known for its extravagant style. 

Garo Yepremian

Garabed Sarkis "Garo" Yepremian (June 2, 1944 – May 15, 2015) was an American football placekicker. He played in the National Football League for the Detroit Lions, Miami Dolphins, New Orleans Saints, and Tampa Bay Buccaneers from 1966 to 1981.

Yepremian was born in Larnaca, southern Cyprus to Armenian parents. He died from brain cancer on May 15, 2015 in Media, Pennsylvania, aged 70.

Keflavík International Airport

Reykjavík-Keflavík Airport (also called Keflavik Airport) is the largest and busiest airport in Iceland. It is the country's main hub for international flights. The airport is west of the Icelandic capital, Reykjavík. The airport has three runways. Most international flights to or from Iceland pass through this airport.

The main airlines at Keflavík are Icelandair and WOW Air. Both make the airport their main hub. The airport handles almost all international flights. Most domestic flights are flown from Reykjavík Airport. It is only from Reykjavík. Keflavík Airport is operated by Isavia, a government enterprise. 

Until World War II Iceland had very little contact with the United States. Because of the strategic importance of Iceland to the war in Europe The US and Iceland signed a treaty in June 1941. The Americans built military bases on land provided by Iceland. Construction on the airport began on 2 July 1942. It was occupied by US troops on 24 March 1943 and named Meeks field. After the war the US wanted to keep their bases but the Icelandic government said no. Ownership of Keflavik airport was returned to Iceland while the American military turned over their facilities to an American company to run for them. When Iceland joined the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in 1949, they sided firmly with the Americans in the Cold War. In 1951 a new treaty was signed and the American military returned to Iceland. During the cold war the Icelandic bases were used for surveillance in the North Atlantic. In the 1990s, with the end of the Cold War, the US scaled back its operations in Iceland. In 2006 it closed down its base at Keflavik.

During the 1950s two airlines served Iceland. Loftleidir Icelandic flew between Luxembourg and New York stopping in Iceland. The other carrier was Flugfelag Islands. They flew to Europe from Reykjavik. Sometime after the start of the jet age both moved to Keflavik. The two companies later joined together as “Icelandair”. In April 1987, the airport got the "Leifur Eiriksson International Air Terminal". It was remodeled and extended in 2001. When the US military left in 2006, the government owned company ISAVIA took over control. The company operates all airports and navigational aids in Iceland. 

According to an article in USA Today, Leifur Eiriksson Air Terminal was ranked second best in the world. According to Frommers.com "Iceland's cozy, little international airport looks like it arrived in a flat pack from Ikea". The airport has beautiful views of the rugged Islandic landscape. The Leifur Eiríksson Terminal is well lit, clean and easy to navigate for travelers. It is open 24 hours a day. The tax-free and duty-free shops are available both for arriving and departing passengers.


Pontiac G6

Pontiac G6 was a mid-sized automobile sold by the Pontiac division of General Motors. It was available as a coupe, sedan or convertible. The G6 was introduced in 2005 to replace the Grand Am. The last model year for the G6 was 2010. It was unchanged from the 2009 model. General Motors declared bankruptcy in 2009 and Pontiac division was discontinued. The 2010 G6 was the very last U.S. built Pontiac.

Iceland Express

Iceland Express was a low-cost airline from Iceland. It began in 2002. Reykjavík-Keflavík Airport used to be their main hub. WOW Air bought the airline in 2012.

Braniff International Airways

Braniff International Airways was an American airline. The company started in 1928. The first flight was between Oklahoma City and Tulsa, Oklahoma on 20 June 1928. Called the Paul R. Braniff Inc. Airline, it set up service between Oklahoma City and Tulsa three days a week. During World War II it lost half it's fleet to government service. After the war, Braniff began flying to South America. It served Brazil, Argentina, Columbia and Peru. Braniff became the first all-jet airline in 1960. After the airline deregulation of 1978, Braniff found the air fare competition cut into profits. The recession had caused fewer passengers. Braniff found itself with too many air routes. With rising interest rates and fuel prices, the company debt became a major problem. Braniff declared bankruptcy in 1982. Its last flight was on May 12, 1982. 

Early Dynastic Period (Egypt)

The Early Dynastic Period of Egypt began when Lower and Upper Egypt were joined together as one country in about 3100 BC. This was called the "Two Lands". The First and Second Dynasties ruled during this time. It ended in about 2686 BC, at the beginning of the Old Kingdom.

The capital city of the "Two Lands" was moved from Thinis to Memphis. The united Egypt was ruled by an Egyptian god-king. The main features of ancient Egyptian civilization, such as art, architecture and religion, took shape during this time.

Before the Early Dynastic Period, Egypt was settled with small, separate villages. The rulers were able to set up a government system across the whole country, run by local royal governors. Government buildings were usually open-air temples made of wood or sandstone. Writing, in hieroglyphs began to be used just before this period. Little is known about the spoken language.

By about 3600 BC, neolithic Egyptian societies on the River Nile were growing crops and farming with animals. Shortly after 3600 BC Egyptian society began to grow and advance rapidly. They made pottery in a new style and began using copper. The Egyptians began using sun-dried bricks for building. They also started using the arch, and recessed walls for decorative effect.

The societies and towns on the upper Nile River, or Upper Egypt began to join together. This was also happening in the Nile Delta, or Lower Egypt. There were often wars between Upper and Lower Egypt. During his rule in Upper Egypt, King Narmer defeated his enemies on the Delta. He joined the Kingdom of Upper and Lower Egypt together under his rule. Narmer is shown in pictures wearing the double crown, called the Pschent, with the lotus flower of Upper Egypt and the papyrus reed of Lower Egypt. These symbols of a united Egypt were used by all future rulers. In mythology, the falcon-god, Horus of Lower Egypt, won a battle over the god Seth, of Upper Egypt. This helped start the idea that Egyptian kings were gods and divine, which lasted for 3,000 years. It was the basis of Egypt's government. The unification of societies of the Nile has also been linked to the drying of the Sahara.

Rich people began to have more complex funeral practices. The Egyptians began building mastabas which became models for later buildings, such as the Old Kingdom's Step pyramid. The growing of cereal crops and the use of central control to organize farm workers helped the success of the state for the next 800 years.

It seems certain that Egypt was unified culturally and economically long before its first king ruled from the city of Memphis. Political unification was a slow process, taking place over a century or so. Local areas started trading networks and governments were able to organize farm workers on a large scale. Divine kingship gained importance as the cults of gods like Horus, Seth and Neith spread across the country.

The Egyptian writing system was further developed. At first Egyptian writing was a few symbols showing amounts of various items. By the end of the third dynasty it had been grown to more than 200 symbols, both phonograms and ideograms.

Manetho, an Egyptian historian, said almost three thousand years later that Menes was the first king of the "Two Lands". Menes is probably Narmer, the earliest recorded king of the First Dynasty Narmer's name is on the king lists of Den and Qa'a. The first dynasty kings saw Narmer as an important founding figure. Narmer is also the earliest king linked to the symbols of power over the two lands. The Narmer palette, a special cosmetic palette designed for ritual use, shows him wearing the Pschent, the double crown of Upper and Lower Egypt. Another theory is that Narmer was the last king of the Protodynastic Period and that Menes was Hor-Aha.



Archimedean solid

In geometry, an Archimedean solid is a convex shape which is composed of polygons. It is a polyhedron, with the following properties:
Depending on the way there are counted, there are thirteen or fifteen such shapes. Of two of these shapes, there are two versions, which cannot be made congruent using rotation. The Archimedean solids are named after the Ancient Greek mathematician Archimedes, who probably discovered them in the 3rd century BC. The writings of Archimedes have been lost, but Pappus of Alexandria summarized them in the 4th century. During the Renaissance, artists and mathematicians valued "pure forms" and rediscovered all of these forms. Johannes Kepler probably completed this search around 1620.

Constructing an Archimedean solid takes at least two different polygons.


Platonic solids can be turned into Archimedean solids by following a series of rules for their construction.

The following is a listing of all Archimedean solids

Gigablast

Gigablast is a small web search engine based in New Mexico. It was started by Matt Wells in 2000 and was part of Infoseek.

In July 2013, the website's source code was released under the Apache License.


Soviet Philatelic Association

Soviet Philatelic Association (SFA) was a business run by the Soviet Union authorities in the field of philately.
Two early philatelic public entities existed in the Soviet Union. These were All-Russian Society of Philatelists (created in 1922) and Philatelic International (or Filintern organised in 1924). In July 1924, an ""All-Union Philatelic Association of Socialist Soviet Republics"" was formed. It was called the "State Philatelic Organization". This association was entrusted to Feodor Chuchin. He also supervised another state body, Organisation of the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily. The All-Union Philatelic Association ceased to exist soon after. It lacked a published decree of the All-Russian Central Executive Committee (VTsIK) and RSFSR Sovnarkom.

On 25 October 1926, a new association was established in Moscow by VTsIK and Sovnarkom decree. It replaced the Organisation of the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily. SFA sold Soviet stamps to foreign dealers, Soviet philatelists, and schoolboys. These latter glued their stamps into school notebooks because of a lack of stamp albums.

The SFA organ was the journal "Sovetskii Filatelist" ("Soviet Philatelist").

In 1938, the Soviet Philatelic Association was replaced with the Chief Philatelic Bureau.

Hexacorallia

Hexacorallia is a large subclass of Anthozoa in the aquatic phylum Cnidaria.

It has about 4,300 species, all polyps, generally with 6-fold symmetry. It includes all the stony corals, most of which are colonial and reef-forming. It also contains the sea anemones, tube anemones, and zoanthids, in six living orders. 

The Hexacorallia are distinguished from the other subclass of Anthozoa, the Octocorallia, because they have six or less axes of symmetry in their body structure and only single rows of tentacles. They are formed of individual soft polyps which in some species live in colonies and secrete a calcite skeleton. As with all Cnidarians, these organisms have a complex life cycle including a mobile planktonic phase and a later sessile phase. 

Hexacorallia also include the extinct orders of the rugose corals and tabulate corals. They built the coral reefs of the Palaeozoic era. In fact, there are a total of eight extinct orders of the Hexacorallia, which shows it has always been an important group of marine organisms.

Antiprism

In geometry, an antiprism is a polyhedron (a 3D shape). It is made of two copies of a regular polygon. These polygons are connected using an alternating band of triangles. To connect a pair of n-sided polygons, 2n triangles are needed. Antiprisms are like prisms, but prisms use parallelograms for the bands at the side.

A right antiprism uses a right angle to connect the base polygons to the band of triangles. A uniform antiprism uses equilateral triangles as base surfaces. 

The regular octahedron is a special kind of antiprism, since all of its faces are equilateral triangles. There are triangles on opposite sides of the octahedron. These triangles are connected by the rest of the triangles, which form an alternating band. 

Chinx

Lionel Pickens (December 4, 1983 – May 17, 2015), better known by his stage name Chinx (formerly Chinx Drugz), was an American rapper from Queens, New York. He was a member of French Montana's Coke Boys group and record label. Other members are Cheeze, Flip, and Lil Durk. He was best known for his raps on the "Coke Boys" mixtapes and the "Cocaine Riot" mixtape series. He died from a fatal gunshot wound after a drive-by shooting in Jamaica, Queens on May 17, 2015.

On how he got started rapping, Chinx said: "I started rapping at the table in junior high school for fun with the homies and then by 9th grade is when I started taking music seriously. At that point is when I started investing my street money into my studio time and trying to find my sound."

On May 17, 2015, New York police officers (NYPD) went, after a 911 call, to Briarwood, Queens at about 4:00 a.m. There, they found Chinx and another victim in a car at Queens Boulevard and 84th Drive. Chinx was rushed to Jamaica Medical Center in Jamaica, Queens with gunshot wounds. There he was pronounced dead, at age 31.



Philatelic International

Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector-workers in the 1920s to 1940s.

The creation of the Filintern was set up at a conference in Moscow in 22 to 30 June 1924. Its formation was greeted by all branches of the All-Russian Society of Philatelists and at the same time by the Soviet Esperantists. At the conference opening, Feodor Chuchin, Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily, declared:
A program for the Filintern's central organ was developed that included:

Filintern facilitates the goals of philatelists, scripophilists and Esperantists. Within Filintern, they could:

Using philately, scripophily and Esperanto, the Soviet authorities also hoped for promoting communist propaganda among the foreign proletariat.

The Philatelic International's organ was the journal . Its Editor was a prominent Russian philatelist L. K. Eichfuss. The first issue of the journal appeared in January 1925.


Chinchorro mummies

The Chinchorro mummies are mummified remains of people from the South American Chinchorro culture, found in what is now northern Chile and southern Peru. They are the oldest examples of artificially mummified human remains. The oldest are 7,000 years old. The mummies continued to be made until about 1800 B.C.

They were first studied by the Andean archaeologist Max Uhle in 1914. Today, over 280 mummies have been found. About 120 of them are kept at the University of Tarapaca museum. Recently, scientist saw that some of the mummies are melting. This is because the increased humidity due to climate change has let microbes attack the skin. 

Shell mounds and bone chemistry suggest that 90% of the diet of these people was seafood.

Uhle categorized the types of mummification he saw into three categories: simple treatment, complex treatment, and mud-coated mummies. Since then, other archaeologists refined his classification and now mostly use the following classification of Chinchorro mummification: natural, black, red, mud-coated and bandage mummies. The two most common techniques used in Chinchorro mummification were the black mummies and the red mummies.


Roger Mudd

Roger Harrison Mudd (February 9, 1928 – March 9, 2021) was an American broadcast journalist. He worked as the primary anchor for The History Channel. 

Mudd was the weekend and weekday substitute anchor for the "CBS Evening News", the co-anchor of the weekday "NBC Nightly News", and the host of the NBC-TV "Meet the Press," and "American Almanac" TV programs. 

Mudd was the winner of the Peabody Award, the Joan Shorenstein Award for Distinguished Washington Reporting, and five Emmy Awards.

Mudd died on March 9, 2021 in McLean, Virginia from problems caused by kidney failure, aged 93.


Harry Martin (judge)

Harry Corpening Martin (January 13, 1920 – May 3, 2015) was an American judge. He served as the Associate Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court, serving from 1982 to 1992. He was born in Lenoir, North Carolina.

Marin died on May 3, 2015 in Asheville, North Carolina, aged 95.

Moshe Levinger

Moshe Levinger () (born 1935 in Jerusalem - May 16, 2015 in Hebron) was an Israeli Religious Zionist and an Orthodox Rabbi. 

From 1967 to 2015, he was a leading figure in the movement to settle Jews in the territories occupied by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War. He was especially known for leading Jewish settlement in Hebron in 1968 and for being one of the principals of the now defunct settler movement Gush Emunim founded in 1974.

Yeung Kwong

Yeung Kwong, GBM (1926 – 16 May 2015) was a Hong Kong Communist trade unionist and activist. He was leader of the Hong Kong 1967 Leftist Riots against the British rule in Hong Kong.

Yeung died at a hospital in Yan Tin, Hong King from heart failure, aged 89.

Rosemarie DeWitt

Rosemarie DeWitt (born October 26, 1971) is an American actress. She played Emily Lehman in the Fox television series "Standoff". She played Amy Bowen in the 2015 remake movie "Poltergeist". 

She was born in Flushing, Queens, New York. DeWitt married Ron Livingston in 2009. They have two children.

Poltergeist (2015 movie)

Poltergeist is a 2015 American horror, fantasy and thriller movie. It is a remake of Steven Spielberg's 1982 movie with the same name. This new version is produced by Sam Raimi. It stars Sam Rockwell, Rosemarie DeWitt, Jared Harris, and Jane Adams.

The movie was released on May 22, 2015 in North America. It will be screened in 3D.

This movie is about a family whose suburban home has an invasion of angry spirits. These frightening ghosts attack the family who live in a quiet wealthy neighborhood. They kidnap the youngest daughter. The family has to make a plan to rescue her.

The first trailer for the new movie was released on February 5, 2015. A "Slate Magazine" writer said that the trailer made the movie look too much like the first one. James Hibberd of "Entertainment Weekly" said that the trailer "retains and amplifies several elements from the original". He also gave praise that "the modernizing doesn’t result in, say, the family’s daughter being kidnapped by ghosts in Snapchat". Brad Miska of Bloody Disgusting said that "while every fiber of my being wants to reject it, [the film] actually looks pretty insane", and praised the trailer's last scene. A "Polygon" writer said that the trailer looked similar to the first movie, but that it "looks great, as a horror movie".

"Poltergeist" has not received good reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes the movie got only a 34%, with 77 reviews. The audience rating was 34% who say they liked it. On Metacritic, the movie has a score of 47 out of 100, given by 25 critics. This means it has lower than average reviews. Roger Ebert said "Nothing about 'Poltergeist' feels fresh or new". He gave it one and a half stars. Ebert also said "See it in 2D if you choose to see it at all."

Get Hard

Get Hard is an American comedy movie. Alison Brie plays Alissa. Kevin Hart plays Darnell.


On December 7, 2012, it was announced that Warner Bros. was in talks to acquire the "Get Hard" comedy movie script. On September 17, 2013, Etan Cohen was set to direct. On February 24, 2014, Warner Bros. set the release date for 27 March 2015.

The movie was released on 27 March 2015 in the United States. 

It got negative reviews by movie critics. Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie 29%. Metacritic rates the movie 34 out of 100, meaning "generally unfavorable reviews".

"Get Hard" made over $105 million overall.


Woman in Gold (movie)

Woman in Gold is a 2015 British drama movie. The movie is based on the true story of Maria Altmann, who lived in Los Angeles. 

Altmann fought the government of Austria for almost ten years to get back Gustav Klimt's iconic painting of her aunt, "Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I". Altmann took her legal battle to the Supreme Court of the United States. It ruled in her favor in "Republic of Austria v. Altmann" (2004).

The movie was screened in the Berlinale Special Galas section of the 65th Berlin International Film Festival.


On May 15, 2014, Tatiana Maslany was cast in a principal role as the younger version of Helen Mirren's character, appearing in the WWII flashbacks. On May 29, Katie Holmes also joined the cast. Elizabeth McGovern, Charles Dance and Max Irons also joined. On July 9, 2014, Frances Fisher joined to play the mother of Ryan Reynolds' character.

This movie was released in April 2015. It got mixed reviews. It grossed over $35 million in the box office. Rotten Tomatoes rates the movie 52%. Metacritic gives the movie a 51% rating That means "mixed or average" reviews. The Roger Ebert website, RogerEbert.com, gave the movie two and a half stars. Rex Reed of "New York Observer" called "Woman in Gold" "an extraordinary love story turned into an exemplary motion picture about one German Jew".


The Longest Ride

The Longest Ride is a 2015 romantic-drama movie. It is about Luke Collins, a bull rider who is seriously injured one night while riding. One year later, he meets Sophia. Lolita Davidovich plays Linda Collins. Gloria Reuben plays Adrienne.


In April 2014, Fox 2000 Pictures set a movie adaptation to be released on April 10, 2015.

Principal photography began on June 16, 2014 in Wilmington and Winston-Salem, North Carolina. On July 28, filming began in Jacksonville.

The movie was released on April 10, 2015.

Critics gave negative reviews to the movie. Rotten Tomatoes has given a rating of 29% to "The Longest Ride". RogerEbert.com gave the movie one and a half stars in its reviews. Variety magazine gave mixed reviews for this movie. Metacritic rates the movie 29%, meaning "generally unfavorable" reviews.

It took in more than $51 million. The movie is rated PG-13.


Châtellerault

Châtellerault is a "commune" in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France. It is a subprefecture of the Vienne department. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of the same name.

Châtellerault is in the centre of the Vienne department. The Vienne river flows through the city. Several tributaries of the Vienne river join the river in Châtellerault or near it: Clain, Ozon and Envigne.

Châtellerault is at about from Bordeaux, from Paris, from Marseille and from Toulouse.

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Châtellerault is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Châtellerault, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Châtellerault are known, in French, as "Châtelleraudais" (women: "Châtelleraudaises").

With a population of 31,722, Châtellerault has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Châtellerault

Châtellerault forms, with three other "communes", the urban area of Châtellerault with a population of 40,124 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Châtellerault, formed by 32 "communes", with a population of 69,645 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Châtellerault is a subprefecture of the Vienne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Châtellerault and the administrative centre () of three cantons

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Pays Châtelleraudais" ().

Châtellerault is twinned with:

This is a list of people of interest who were born or resided in Châtellerault :



Uptown Funk!

"Uptown Funk!" is a song by British DJ/producer Mark Ronson, featuring American singer Bruno Mars. This song was heavily influenced by Minneapolis sound from the early 1980s. The song was released on November 10, 2014. It reached #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was Mars' sixth #1 song on that chart. The song also hit #1 on other charts.

The song samples "Bye Bye" by Chimbala featuring Liro Shaq and Mozart La Para and "I Don't Believe You Want to Get Up and Dance (Oops!)" by The Gap Band. It was written by Mars, Ronson, Jeff Bhasker, Philip Lawrence, Devon Gallaspy, Lonnie Simmons, Rudolph Taylor, and Robert, Ronnie, and Charlie Wilson. Mars, Ronson, and Bhasker produced the song.

The song finished as the #1 song of the 2010s decade on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Romorantin-Lanthenay

Romorantin-Lanthenay is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department. About 17,000 people live there. Every year during the last weekend in October, a cuisine festival is held; First held in 1978, "Les Journées Gastronomiques de Sologne" now attracts around 13,000 visitors.

Parthenay

Parthenay is a "commune", an ancient fortified town, in the Deux-Sèvres department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France. It is a subprefecture of the Deux-Sèvres department. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Parthenay.

Parthenay is considered the capital of the "Gâtine poitevine" (or "Gâtine de Parthenay"), a region with bocages that is found in the central third of the department of Deux-Sèvres. It is at to the southeast of Bressuire, the other subprefecture of the department.

The city is at about from Bordeaux, from Paris, from Marseille and from Toulouse.

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Parthenay is surrounded by the "communes":

The Thouet river, a left tributary of the Loire river, flows through the city.

The climate of Parthenay, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Parthenay are known, in French, as " Parthenaisiens" (women: "Parthenaisiennes").

With a population of 10,367, Parthenay has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Parthenay

Parthenay is a subprefecture of the Deux-Sèvres department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Parthenay and the administrative centre () of the canton of Parthenay.

It is part of the intercommunality "Parthenay-Gâtine" ().

Parthenay is twinned with:



Narbonne

Narbonne () is a French commune, a "subprefecture" in the Aude department. It is in the Occitanie region. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Narbonne.

It was a wealthy port and major city in Roman times but now is at about from the shores of the Mediterranean Sea.

The "commune" of Narbonne has an area of . The lowest point in the "commune" is 0 m along the Mediterranean coast and the highest point is ; its average altitude is and the city hall is an altitude of .

The "commune" of Narbonne is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Narbonne, in the Köppen climate classification, is Csa - Mediterranean climate with hot summers.

The inhabitants of this city are known, in French, as "Narbonnais" (women: "Narbonnaises").

With a population of 52,855, Narbonne has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Narbonne

Narbonne forms the urban area of Narbonne with a population of 52,855 inhabitants (2014) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Narbonne, formed by 24 "communes" with a population of 91,825 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Narbonne is a subprefecture of the Aude department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Narbonne and the administrative centre () of three cantons

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Grand Narbonne" ().

Narbonne is twinned with:



Fréjus

Fréjus is a commune located on the Mediterranean Sea in the Var department. About 53,000 people live there. It is a famous seaside resort.

Loop (graph theory)

In graph theory a loop is an edge that connects a vertex to itself.

Truncated icosahedron

A truncated icosahedron is an Archimedean solid. A regular icosahedron is made of 20 faces. When a regular icosahedron is truncated, this means that each "corner" (or vertex) is replaced by a pentagon, as there are five edges at each corner. 

A truncated icosahedron is made of 12 regular pentagons and 20 hexagons. It has 60 vertices, and 90 edges. 

The molecule Fullerene is made of 60 carbon atoms and looks like a truncated icosahedron. 

Most soccer balls are truncated icosahedra. 

Truncated octahedron

A truncated octahedron is an Archimedean solid. It has 14 faces: 8 are hexagons, 6 are squares. It is obtained by cutting the edges of an octahedron. Each corner of the octahedron has four connections. Cutting the corner will therefore replace it with a square.

Soviet Philatelist

Soviet Philatelist or Sovetskii Filatelist was a Soviet central philatelic magazine published in 1922–1932. In 1925 and in 1928–1932, its name was changed to Soviet Collector or Sovetskii Kollektsioner.
By 1922, shortly after the Civil War, a number of magazines and pamphlets for collectors appeared in Soviet Russia:

However, centralisation of collectors' organisations and periodicals was wanted:
By 1924, these local magazines eventually closed down. In September 1922, the new magazine, "Soviet Philatelist", first saw print in Moscow. Its founder and editor was F. G. Chuchin, Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily.

In 1925, the magazine name was changed to "Sovetskii Kollektsioner". The magazine was published biweekly. It was edited by V. A. Bessonov at that time.

In 1926 three magazines, "Sovetskii Filatelist", "Sovetskii Kollektsioner" and "Radio de Filintern", were combined. They began to be published under one cover. Their individual lineal numeration was preserved. The last combined issue came out in December 1927.

In the first half of 1928, the cover of the combined issues was only under one title, "Sovetskii Filatelist". In July 1928, the magazine was renamed to "Sovetskii Kollektsioner". It was published by the Soviet Philatelic Association and the All-Russian Society of Philatelists. The last issue appeared in December 1932.



Academic journal

An academic or scholarly journal contains articles written by experts in a particular subject. Academic journals are often forums for discussing new research, and the critique of existing research. They usually contain articles presenting original research, review articles, and book reviews. The purpose of an academic journal is to give researchers a place to exchange knowledge. Academic journals can be traced back to the 17th century.

The term "academic journal" applies to scholarly publications in all fields. Scientific journals and journals of the social sciences vary in form and function from journals of the humanities. A particular type of academic journal is the peer reviewed journal. Articles are sent out anonymously to other experts in the same field. In this way they won't know the author's name and can remain impartial. Experts review the article before it is published.


Paul Eisler

Paul Eisler (1907 – 26 October 1992) was an Austrian inventor. He invented the modern circuit board. He also invented fish fingers (also called "fish sticks").

Eisler was born in Vienna, Austria. He was a student at Vienna University of Technology. German nationalists would not let Eisler get a job in Vienna, because he was Jewish. He got a job with an English company (Gramaphone Company, EMI from March 1931). He removed interference from music broadcast on trains. He moved to England but was sent to an internment camp during WWII. Eventually, his circuit boards for the Americans helped defeat German V-1 flying bombs.

He invented the modern circuit board. He created a pizza warmer, and the rear window defroster. He also invented fish fingers.

Ziegfeld Follies

The Ziegfeld Follies were a series of elaborate theatrical productions on Broadway in New York City from 1907 through 1931, with renewals in 1934 and 1936. The Ziegfeld Follies were inspired by the Folies Bergère of Paris. They were conceived and mounted by Florenz Ziegfeld. The show producers were Klaw & Erlanger, the top turn-of-the-twentieth-century showmen.

The Follies were lavish variety shows, something like music hall or high class Vaudeville. Many of the top entertainers of the era appeared in the shows. The list includes W. C. Fields, Eddie Cantor, Josephine Baker, Fanny Brice, Ann Pennington, Bert Williams, Eva Tanguay, Bob Hope, Will Rogers, Ruth Etting, Ray Bolger, Helen Morgan, Louise Brooks, Marilyn Miller, Ed Wynn, Gilda Gray, Nora Bayes, Sophie Tucker. The Ziegfeld Follies also were famous for many, beautiful chorus girls commonly known as Ziegfeld girls, usually wearing elaborate costumes by designers such as Erté, Lady Duff Gordon or Ben Ali Haggin. The first "Follies" was produced in 1907 at the roof theatre "Jardin de Paris".

The Ziegfeld girls "paraded up and down flights of stairs as anything from birds to battleships." The "Tableau vivants" were designed by Ben Ali Haggin from 1917 to 1925. Joseph Urban was the scenic designer for the "Follies" shows starting in 1915.

After Ziegfeld's death, his widow Billie Burke, authorized use of his name for Ziegfeld Follies in 1934 and 1936 to Jake Shubert, who then produced the "Follies". When later it toured, the 1934 edition was recorded in its entirety, from the Overture to Play-out music. First issued as a series of 78 rpm discs, the recording was later released as a compact disc (1997).

They became a radio program in 1932 and 1936 as "The Ziegfeld Follies of the Air". The 1936 Academy Award Best Picture winner was M-G-M's "The Great Ziegfeld", starring William Powell as the master showman and co-starring Myrna Loy (as Ziegfeld's second wife Billie Burke),

Casualty

Casualty may refer to:

Mississippian culture

Mississippian culture is the culture of the Mississippian people. They were Native Americans who lived in the Mississippi River Valley. Around 900–1450 AD, the Mississippian culture developed and spread through the Eastern Woodlands. Mississippian people were most often farmers who settled into river valleys and grew the "three sisters" of corn, beans and squash.

The Mississippian peoples lived throughout the Southeast and Midwest, an area from the Florida panhandle westward into Oklahoma, northward to Minnesota and eastward to Ohio.

Pan-Arabism

Pan Arabism is a political movement and belief system that promotes the idea that all Arabs should unite to form one country or state. The idea of Pan Arabism was first created during the late 1800s and early 1900s. Pan Arabism’s popularity grew throughout the early 1900s, and in the 1950s Middle Eastern leaders, including Egypt’s President, Gamal Abdel Nasser, became major supporters of the Pan-Arab movement. Pan Arabists generally believe that all countries with Arab populations should come together or unify and that Western powers, like the United States or Great Britain, should not have any political power or influence in North Africa or the Arabian Peninsula.

During the late 1800s, the Ottoman Empire controlled most of the Middle East. The Middle East, at the time, was very diverse. Many different ethnic and cultural groups of people lived in the region. By 1900, the Ottoman Empire was in decline and many of the different groups of people living in the Empire wanted to form independent governments managed by people living within their own communities. 

One group that began to form their own ideas about a self-governed or self determined community were Arabs. Many educated Arab students and professors working at universities, like Al-Azhar University, began to publish magazines and form clubs promoting the idea of a unified Arab community or nation. These ideas became very popular across Arab regions of the former Ottoman Empire. By 1913, Arab organizations from all around the Middle East met to form the first Arab Congress in Paris, France. At the Congress, Arabs from around the Ottoman Empire discussed the possibility of freeing themselves from the Ottoman Empire and establishing Arab-governed countries. 

The Ottoman Empire responded to the Arab Congress by punishing Arab nationalists. In some territories of the Ottoman Empire, Arab nationalists were put in jail and even killed for their activities. 

During World War One, many Arab groups support the Allied powers’ military campaign against the Ottoman Empire. At the end of World War I, the Ottoman Empire collapsed, and the Allied Powers met together to decide what would happen to the territory formerly under Ottoman control. Despite supporting the Allies during the war, many Arab countries were not granted their freedom by the Allies. Still eager to gain Independence, Arabs living in occupied countries began to form ideas about what a free Arab state would look like. These ideas would eventually become the backbone of Pan Arabism. 

After World War One, many Arab-speaking scholars and students in the former Ottoman Empire began to write about the history of the Arab people. One of these writers, Darwish-Al Maqdidi, wrote a school textbook that outlined the beliefs of the early Pan-Arab movement. The textbook was used in many schools all across the Arab Middle East, and it suggested that the Arab homeland was not restricted to the Arabian peninsula, but extended to wherever Arabs lived. Moreover, Miqdadi, as well as other Arab scholars, believed that a free and unified Arab nation could only exist if western influence was removed from the Arab Middle East. Generally, the core of Miqdadi’s beliefs, and others like his, became the philosophy of Pan Arabism. 

Pan Arabism’s popularity began to grow after many Arab countries gained independence in the 1940s and 1950s. Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser (1956-1970) was a big supporter of Pan Arab nationalism. Nasser believed that the Arab world in both Northern Africa and the Arabian Peninsula should be unified, since many of these countries shared a common culture, religion, and language, During his presidency, Nasser helped establish the United Arab Republic with Syria. The republic lasted three years. Its collapse was largely due to Nasser’s efforts to rapidly change the Syrian and Egyptian economies; also, many Syrians disliked that Nasser wanted to centralize government power and operations in Egypt.

After the fall of the UAR, Nasser attempted to rally other Arab countries to the Pan-Arabist cause. During the Six Days War in 1967, Nasser led an Arab coalition (Syria, Lebanon, Jordan, and Iraq) to battle Israel. Israel won the war, and the Arab coalition and Nasser’s efforts to create a unified Arab Middle East suffered a major setback. 

After the Six Day's War, Egypt's role, as the leader of the Pan-Arab movement, was severely weakened. Other Arab nationalist organizations started to branch out on their own, independent of Egypt and other Arab countries. The Palestinians, in particular, began to form their own organization that was centered on Palestinian nationalism, and not a Pan-Arab one. Furthermore, Gamal Nasser's sudden death in 1970, left the Pan-Arab movement without a clear leader. 

Since the late 1970s, many professors and Middle East experts have claimed that Pan Arabism no longer exists Fouad Ajami suggests that Pan Arabism collapsed because Gamel Nasser, the clear leader of the movement, lost momentum after the Arab defeat in the Six Day War. Moreover, other Arab groups, most notably the Palestinians, lost faith in the Pan-Arab movement and tried to branch out on their own. More recently, though, after the events of the Arab Spring of 2011, many scholars and journalists argue that Pan Arabism is coming back in different ways. Susan De Muth suggests that the Pan Arabism of the Arab Spring is different than it was thirty years ago. She suggests that the Pan Arabism of Gamel Nasser’s era was tied to the idea of keeping the Arab World free of foreign and western influence, while today’s Pan Arabism is mostly led by young people who are dedicated to reforming or making governments in Arab countries less oppressive or controlling. This new form of Pan Arabism has been strengthened by technology, like social media. According to De Muth, protesters from different countries have been able to strengthen their cause and even coordinate protests with movements in other Arab countries using social media. Other scholars are not as optimistic as De Muth; Marc Lynch suggests that the protests of the Arab Spring were long overdue, and that the political movements in the Arab Middle East have been slowly building strength for the last thirty years.



National School Lunch Program

The National School Lunch Program (NSLP) is a government-funded program that helps provide free and reduced-price lunches to students in American schools.

The National School Lunch Program was created to fight hunger and bad nutrition that existed during World War I. One-third of the young men called to be soldiers in World War I were turned down from service. This was due to poor nutrition-related problems such as being underweight. After the war, teachers, parents, doctors, and scientists began to fight poor nutrition in children. ‘Hot Lunch Clubs’ opened up all over the country to give healthy meals to schoolchildren. This program started as a volunteer-run school lunch program in the 1920s. However, in the 1930s, this program received public support and some state funding. 

During the Great Depression, many farmers were paid record low prices for their food. This was because there was more farm-grown food than people needed. The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) tried to solve the problem by giving the extra food to schools. The USDA was allowed to use government money to buy extra food and give it to the schools. In order to receive the food donations, school lunch programs had to run on a non-profit basis. This meant that the meals needed to be served to poor students at free or reduced rates. School cafeterias began to pop up around the country. Both the schools and the USDA began to depend on the relationship. 

As World War II began, the government wanted to focus on good health so that the soldiers would be ready for war. Government officials asked health professionals to create standards (rules) for the amount of vitamins, calories and other things needed to stay healthy. These became known as the Recommended Daily Allowances (RDAs). School lunch programs had to use the standards when planning their menus. In 1946, President Truman signed the law that would provide long-term funding to the National School Lunch Program. The USDA continued to manage the school lunch program.

Today the National School Lunch Program serves more than 31 billion meals a day. In 2012 this equaled more than $11 billion dollars spent on the program. Additionally, more than 100,000 schools participated in the program nationwide in 2012. Although the National School Lunch Program (NSLP) is federally funded, it is managed at the state level.  In order to receive money, schools in the program must serve meals that meet the federal nutrition standards. The amount of money the school gets depends on the number of meals served.  

Students can buy lunch at three cost levels—free, reduced-price, or paid lunch. The amount the student pays for lunch depends on the family income. The amount of money that the school receives depends on how closely they follow the federal nutrition standards.

Meal planning is done by each school district, which are also called “School Food Authorities” (SFAs). The SFAs decide what food to buy, and how to create a menu that meets the NSLP nutrition standards. 

In 2010 Congress passed the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act, which was the first update to the nutrition standards in schools since 1995.  It helped create new nutritional rules for the National School Lunch Program. These changes were to start in schools beginning in the 2012-2013 school year. Meal planning is left up to each school—but in order to receive federal money participating schools must follow the nutritional standards.  The new standards in the HHFKA created the most strict standards for child nutrition programs in over 30 years.

First derivative test

In calculus, the first derivative test is used to find local maxima and minima of a function. The first derivative test can be used to determine intervals of increase and intervals of decrease.

Critical points are values in the domain of a function where its derivative is 0 or undefined (formula_1 or formula_2 does not exist).

To find the critical points of a function, the first derivative of the function is computed and set equal to zero. Next, the zeroes of this equation are solved for. If is is a rational function (formula_3, where formula_4) the values that will cause the denominator to be equal to 0 are found. This is done because this will make the function undefined. In this case, the equation is not differentiable at that point. These are all of the critical numbers.

These numbers into put into the original function to find the coordinate of these critical points.

If: formula_5

So, the two critical points are formula_12 and formula_13.

The intervals between points must be considered to know if the points are local maximas, minimas, or neither. To do this, a value from each interval is put into the first derivative of the function. If the value is positive, then it is an interval of increase. If the value is negative, then it is an interval of decrease. If two neighboring intervals change signs, that point is either a local maxima or minima. If the first interval is positive and the second interval negative, the critical point is a local maxima. If the first interval is negative and the second interval positive, the critical point is a local minima. If both intervals are positive or both intervals are negative, the critical point is not a local maxima or minima.

The first derivative test is used in calculus optimization problems.

Frankenstein's monster

Frankenstein’s monster is a fictional character from Mary Shelley’s 1818 novel "Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus". He is a humanoid flesh amalgamation who is created by another character in the novel called Victor Frankenstein. The creature has no name in popular culture but is sometimes called "creature", "monster", "fiend", "wretch", "vile insect", "demon", "being" or "it".

In the novel, Victor creates the human-like monster in the upstairs room of his apartment at the University of Ingolstadt. He creates it by putting together body parts from graveyards and butcher shops. He uses a method that is not clearly explained involving chemistry and galvanism to make the creature come alive. Victor leaves the creature in horror the minute it is awake. It leaves his apartment in the middle of the night.

In the novel, the monster looks as though:
He is 8.1 feet tall because Victor believed that it would be easier to make a human body if all the body parts were bigger. In popular media and culture, he is shown with green skin. In the novel, his skin is actually more of a yellow hue. The green portrayal of the creature with electricity bolts in his neck came from Boris Karloff’s movie portrayal of the monster.
In the beginning, Frankenstein’s monster is like a baby. He is unable to talk. He discovers the world through sensing and observing. The monster develops understanding of simple things such as temperatures of hot and cold, sounds of birds chirping, and the differences between the sun and the moon. He eats roots, nuts, and berries when he is hungry. He finds a coat and some books while out in the wilderness.

He is described as sensitive, emotional, intelligent, prone to anger and violence, and very good at speaking. He learns how to speak from a family that he observes. He teaches himself how to read the books that he found. He has a severe sense of rejection from Victor and from every human he encounters. He has bad experiences with people. That makes him feel as though he is hated and unwanted. He resents humans and even feels hateful towards them because of how he has been treated. As a response, he kills several people, including Victor's younger brother William, Victor's best friend Henry Clerval, and later Victor's wife Elizabeth Lavenza.

Many movie adaptations have him mute and like a child instead of being intelligent. 

The creature has a complex relationship with Victor. He was rejected by Victor in the beginning, but he still wants to have a father-like figure. Victor is the only real human connection that the monster has. He demands that Victor take responsibility for his happiness.

In the novel, the creature is referred to as Adam. This makes Victor a God-like figure. 

After the monster learns how to read and speak, he goes on a journey to find Victor. He meets him in the mountains and tells him his story. After telling Victor about his difficult journey, he asks Victor to make a female monster for him so that he does not have to be alone anymore.

Tabassum Adnan

Tabassum Adnan (Urdu: تبسم عدنان) (born 1977) is a women's rights activist from Pakistan. In 2015, she won the U.S. State Department's International Women of Courage Award because of her work for justice for Pakistani women.

Tabassum Adnan was born in 1977. She grew up in the Swat Valley of Pakistan.

Tabassum was married when she was 13 years old. She had four children. She was a victim of domestic violence. After she was married for 20 years, she divorced her husband. 

Tabassum did not have a home or money, so she went to a local group for women. The group gave her the idea to work for more participation for women. First, she went to the Swat Qaumi Aman Jirga, a group with only men, but they refused her. A jirga is an informal court that enforces "qisas" (retribution laws). It is not a formal court, but many times the formal courts will listen to their decisions.

In May 2013, Adnan started her own jirga. It was the first women's jirga in Pakistan. 

In Pakistan, women are used as chattel, or property, to settle disagreements between men. They are traded in marriage to pay debts and claims of honor, and to pay for crimes. Because women have little power, Adnan knew that her group needed to get the police and the courts to act. Her jirga has 25 women. It works to pressure the police and the traditional court system, and it gives legal help to the victims. The "Khwendo Jirga", or Sister’s Council also works for free education for girls, good health for women and girls, training in both home skills and work skills, loans for small business, and voting. The jirga also works for laws to stop violence against women, especially honor killings, dowry harassments, acid attacks, and torture.

At first, the men's jirgas did not like the "Khwendo Jirga". Women's rights activists did not like it either. Then, in 2014, that changed. A child was raped, and the authorities did nothing. "Khwendo Jirga" had a protest walk, to attract the attention of the public. The police made arrests. Then, for the first time in Pashtun history, a woman, Adnan, was asked to sit on the men's jirga and help decide the case. After the first protest, the women had more success. In July, 2014, Adnan and Khwendo Jirga worked to pass a law against child marriage. Although some religious groups were not happy, the Sindh Assembly passed a law against marriages for anyone under the age of eighteen. In December, 2014 the Punjab Assembly voted to change the present law.


Margaret Dunning

Margaret Isabel Dunning (June 26, 1910 – May 17, 2015) was an American philanthropist. She was the benefactor of the Plymouth (Michigan) Historical Museum. She was born in Redford, Michigan.

Dunning died at the age of 104 from complications from a fall while on a trip in Santa Barbara, California.

Jerome Cooper

Jerome Cooper (December 14, 1946 – May 6, 2015) was an American free jazz musician. He was known as a multi-dimensional drummer. Cooper played balafon, chirimia and electronic tonal activator in addition to trap drums. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Cooper died in Brooklyn, New York City from multiple myeloma, aged 68.

Dean Potter

Dean S. Potter (April 14, 1972 – May 16, 2015) was an American free climber, alpinist, BASE jumper, BASEliner, and highliner. He was known for hard first ascents, free solo ascents, speed ascents, and enchainments in Yosemite National Park and Patagonia.

On May 16, 2015, Potter and Graham Hunt were killed while attempting a wingsuit flight from Taft Point above Yosemite Valley. While attempting to maneuver through the cliffs, each in turn collided with the rocks. Their bodies were discovered by a helicopter searching for the two men. Neither had deployed their parachute.


Flora MacNeil

Flora MacNeil, MBE (1928 – 16 May 2015) was a Scottish Gaelic singer. MacNeil was born in 1928 on the island of Barra. She was known for signing "Mo Run Geal Og" (“My Fair Young Love”), one of the greatest of the "Orain Mor", or “Big Songs”. She was known as the "Queen of Gaelic singers".

MacNeil died after a short-illness, aged 86.

The Thrill Is Gone

"The Thrill Is Gone" is a 1969 slow minor-key blues song written by West coast blues musician Roy Hawkins and Rick Darnell in 1951. Hawkins' recording of the song reached number six in the "Billboard" R&B chart in 1951. In 1970, "The Thrill Is Gone" became a major hit for B.B. King. Afterwards, many blues and other artists have recorded their versions of the song.

Wind of Change (Scorpions song)

"Wind of Change" is a 1990 hard rock pop ballad song by the Scorpions. The song is about the ending of the Cold War and hope when tense conditions came up. 

The song was released in January 1991. It became a worldwide hit single during 1991. The song has sold millions of copies worldwide since then. It hit #4 on the American "Billboard" Hot 100. notable soundtrack includes is featured in the films or television "The Powerpuff Girls Movie" unused trailer, "Godzilla vs. Kong" fan-fiction dub version, "Nutri Ventures" as a international dub parody version. 

There is also a Russian language version of the song.

Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology

The Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology in London is part of University College London Museums & Collections. With over 80,000 objects, it is one of the world's best collections of objects from Egypt and the Sudan.

The museum started in 1892 to help with the teaching of Egyptian Archaeology and Philology. The collection began with objects given to the museum by the writer Amelia Edwards. William Flinders Petrie led many important archaeological digs. In 1913 he sold his collection to University College. He had found objects at major sites, such as the Roman Period cemeteries at Hawara. These were famous for the beautiful mummy portraits in classical Roman style. He found objects at Amarna, the city of king Akhenaten, the first king to believe in one God. At Meydum, the site of the first true pyramid Petrie found some of the earliest examples of mummification.

The collection and library were in rooms at the university. A book about the collection was printed in 1915. At first the museum was only for people studying and not open to the public. After Petrie retired in 1933, other archaeologists added objects to the collection. These had been found in other parts of Egypt and the Sudan. During the Second World War (1939–1945) the collection was packed up and moved out of London for to keep it safe. In the early 1950s it was moved into an old stable, beside the science library.

The museum has one of the oldest pieces of linen from Egypt, made about 5000 BC. There are two lions from the temple of Min at Koptos. These were part of the first group of monumental sculpture from about 3000 BC. There is a small piece from the first king list or calendar written about 2900 BC. The museum has some iron beads, the earliest example of metal from Egypt. There is the earliest example of glazing. The collection includes the earliest 'cylinder seal' in Egypt made about 3500 BC. It also has a collection of writings on papyrus, which are the oldest wills, the oldest medical writing, the only veterinary writing from ancient Egypt; and the largest architectural drawing, showing a shrine (about 1300 BC).

The collection also includes a number of costumes. It has the 'oldest dress', there is a beadnet dress of a dancer from the Pyramid Age (about 2400 BC) and two long sleeved robes of the same date. There is a suit of armour from the palace of Memphis, as well as socks and sandals from the Roman period. The collection contains works of art from Akhenaten’s city at Amarna. There are: colourful tiles, carvings and frescoes, from Egyptian and Nubian settlements and burial sites. The museum has the world’s largest collection of Roman period mummy portraits. These were made in the first to second centuries AD. The collection also includes objects from the Coptic and Islamic periods.

The museum has three rooms. The main room has many of the museum's small objects, as well as tablets of writing, mummy portraits and cases. The first room has mainly pottery. Some parts of the collection are not lit to protect the objects from light and visitors use torches to see inside the cases.

The collection has been digitised and the catalogue can be viewed online.


Automeris io

Automeris io is the North American Io moth. It has anti-predator defences common in the Lepidoptera. The adults have a two-stage defence system: first they are cryptic with their wings closed. If predators get too near, they flash their vivid eye markings. This startles the predator, and the moth has time to fly off and hide. The adults are nocturnal, they only fly at night, and during the day they sit on tree trunks or branches.

Very widespread, the moth ranges from southern Canada to Mexico and Costa Rica. In between, it is found widely in the USA.

They do not eat, and live only about a week: all they do is reproduce. This is typical of Saturniid moths. They have sexual dimorphism as can be seen from the illustrations, and fly at night. The females come out of the cocoon with ready-made eggs, and the males pick up the female pheromones with their extra-big antennae.

The caterpillars live together (are gregarious), and travel in single file all over the food plant. They start off orange in colour, and eventually turn bright green. As they grow in size they become covered with stinging spines. The spines deliver a very painful venom which is released at the slightest touch.


Charlotte Motor Speedway

Charlotte Motor Speedway is a motorsports complex in Concord, North Carolina, United States. It is from Charlotte, North Carolina. The complex features a quad oval track that hosts NASCAR racing. It is best known for the Coca-Cola 600 on Memorial Day weekend. The All-Star Race, as well as the Bank of America Roval 400 also run here. The speedway was built in 1959 by Bruton Smith. It is considered the home track for NASCAR with many race teams located in the Charlotte area. The track is owned and operated by Speedway Motorsports Inc. (SMI) with Marcus G. Smith (son of Bruton Smith) as track president.

The complex also features a state-of-the-art quarter mile (0.40 km) drag racing strip, ZMAX Dragway. It is the only all-concrete, four-lane drag strip in the United States. It hosts NHRA events. Alongside the drag strip is a modern clay oval that hosts dirt racing including the World of Outlaws finals.

Socks (cat)

Socks Clinton (1989 – February 20, 2009) was the pet cat of U.S. President Bill Clinton and his family while he was in the White House.

Socks was an adopted stray cat and the only pet of the Clintons during the first years of Clinton's presidency. A picture of Socks was always on the children's White House website. After Clinton left office, Socks went to live with Clinton's secretary, Betty Currie and her husband. This was because Socks fought a lot with the Clinton family dog Buddy. Socks never got along with the dog.
Socks became the pet cat of the Clintons in 1991 after he jumped into Chelsea Clinton's arms at her piano teacher's home in Little Rock, Arkansas. Socks was playing with his sibling, Midnight, who was later adopted by another family.

When Bill Clinton became President, Socks moved with the family from the governor's mansion in Arkansas to the White House. Even though he was the official 'first pet', he shared his food and water with a stray tabby cat, named Slippers. Socks was often taken to schools and hospitals to visit. Children visiting the White House website would be shown around by a cartoon version of Socks.

In December 2002, Socks was part of the Little Rock, Arkansas Christmas parade.

Things changed for the worse for Socks in 1997. The Clintons got a pet dog named Buddy, a Labrador Retriever. Socks hated this dog. Hillary Clinton said Socks "despised Buddy from first sight, instantly and forever." Bill Clinton said, "I did better with ... the Palestinians and the Israelis than I've done with Socks and Buddy." When the Clintons left the White House in 2001, they took Buddy to their new home, but left Socks with Betty Currie. Buddy died within a year, being hit by a car in 2002.

In June 2008, Socks was still living with Currie and her husband in Hollywood, Maryland, about 60 miles from Washington. But Socks was losing weight and losing his fur. In December 2008, Socks was again reported to be in failing health from cancer. Socks was euthanized on February 20, 2009, in Hollywood, Maryland. He had cancer in his jaw.
First Lady Hillary Clinton wrote a children's book called "Dear Socks, Dear Buddy: Kids' Letters to the First Pets" in 1998. It included more than 50 letters written to the First Pets by children. It had more than 80 photos of Socks and Buddy.

A Republican Representative in the United States Congress, Dan Burton once argued against the use of White House employees, postage, and stationery being used to answer mail that was written to the cat.


Robin

Robin may mean


Egyptian chronology

Egyptian chronology is the study of events in Ancient Egypt and trying to date when they took place. There is a general agreement about the correct chronology among Egyptologists. The Old Kingdom began in the 27th century BC, the Middle Kingdom in the 21st century BC, and the New Kingdom in the mid-16th century BC.

However, some details are still disputed. The dates for the Early Dynastic Period can vary by up to 300 years, those of the New Kingdom by up to 30 years, and those if the the Late Period by up to a few years.

Some individual Egyptologists have come up with alternative chronologies. For example, the "New Chronology," which was proposed in the 1990s, changes the New Kingdom dates by 350 years, and the "Glasgow Chronology," which was proposed from 1978 to 1982, changes the New Kingdom dates by 500 years.

Agreement on the general chronology used in Egyptology has not changed much over the last 100 years. For the Old Kingdom, there have been changes by as much as a few centuries. The Middle and the New Kingdoms dates have changed by only a few decades. The changes can be seen by comparing the chronology of two Egyptologists, the first from 1906 and the second in 2000 (all dates in the table are BC).

There are differences between the two sets of dates because of new discoveries and a better understanding of what is already known. For example, in Breasted's 1906 list, he added a ruler in the Twentieth dynasty that further research would show did not exist. Using Manetho writings, Breasted also believed that each new dynasty followed the old one in a sequence. It is now known that several dynasties existed at the same time. Those changes changed the chronology by 400 years at the beginning of Dynasty I.

The main way to work out the chronology is to use the ancient Egyptian lists of kings. The number of years that each king ruled, the regnal years, can be added up. However there are problems with the lists. Some, such as the "Turin King List", are quite detailed but are incomplete. The whole of "Abydos King List" has survived, but it is a complete list of rulers. Sometimes, various versions of the same text are different. For example, Manetho's history of Egypt has not survived. Later writers such as Eusebius and Sextus Julius Africanus used Manetho's work for their histories, but their dates for the same ruler are often very different.

The dates for king's rule can be pieced together from inscriptions. They often give a date in the form of the regnal year of the ruling pharaoh. They may or may not include any coregencies with a predecessor or successor. Some Egyptian dynasties may have overlapped, with different pharaohs ruling in different regions at the same time. That may lead to widely-different chronologies.

Egyptologists have two other ways to find the total number of years. For the Old Kingdom, they can use the number of cattle censuses. For later periods, they can use the celebration of a sed festival. In the Old Kingdom, there was a regular census at which the number of cattle was counted. At first, it was believed to have taken place every two years. There were 24 cattle censuses during the rule of Sneferu, who therefore ruled for 48 years. However, new research has shown the census was sometimes held every year or after gaps of more than two years. The sed festival was held on the 30th anniversary of the Pharaoh's rule. A ruler with one sed festival recorded would have ruled at least 30 years. However, that may not have been the practice in all cases.

A useful way to work around those gaps in knowledge is to find links to other known events, which can lead to a precise date. A number of them have been found, but they are of varying degrees of usefulness and reliability.

This is using archeaology to put events in order, or a sequence. It does not fix a person or event to a exact year. A series of events can provide evidence to provide or support a precise date. For example, a number of stone vessels of the rulers of the first two dynasties were placed in rooms under the Step Pyramid of Djoser. They were sealed off by during the building of the pyramid during the Third Dynasty. Another example is stone blocks from the Old Kingdom with the names of several kings. Thee stones were later used to build the Middle Kingdom pyramid-temples at Lisht. The third pylon at Karnak, built by Amenhotep III had "fill" material from the kiosk of Sesostris I, as well as stelae of the Second Intermediate Period and the Eighteenth Dynasty of the New Kingdom.

The chronologies of other cultures can be used to find links to Egypt. The most important are the Assyrian and Babylonian chronologies. Allô, chronologies of the Hittites, ancient Palestine, and ancient Greece are also used. For example, in the 18th century BC, a stela of the governor of Byblos Yantinu stated that Pharaoh Neferhotep I ruled at the same time as Kings Zimri-Lim of Mari and Hammurabi of Babylon. In the 15th century BC, during the Amarna Period, there are letters between Egyptian Kings Amenhotep III and Akhenaten and various Near Eastern monarchs.

Inscriptions on objects often provides clues. The burial of Apis bulls began in the reign of Amenhotep III. They were killed in a sacrifice and placed in tombs. Details of each bull were included, as well as details of the rulers. It is possible to estimate dates of regnal years using that information. The bulls were still being buried in Ptolemaic times. There is a significant gap in the record between Ramesses XI and the 23rd year of Osorkon II. Poor documentation of the finds in the Serapeum also makes it difficult to use these records.

Astronomy can also provide clues for dates. The best known of them is the Sothic cycle. A study of that led Richard A. Parker to argue that the dates of the Twelfth dynasty could be fixed exactly. New research does not always agree with the information that is used in to work out dates that way. For example, Donald B. Redford, in attempting to fix the date of the end of the Eighteenth dynasty, did not use the Sothic evidence. Instead he used links between Egypt and Assyria by way of the Hittites and help from astronomical observations.

Radiocarbon dating is another way to work out dates. It is useful for the Early Dynastic period for which other methods have dates as different as 400 years. A 2013 study put the start of the First dynasty in the 32nd or 31st century. That matches other information, which places it in between the 34th and 30th centuries.

The Minoan eruption is a problem for both Egyptian and Aegean (Minoan) chronology. The radiocarbon date for the eruption is between 1627 and 1600 BC. The date used in archaeology is c. 1500 BC. That date is important in the study of the civilisations in the Eastern Mediterranean. Since 2012, there have been suggestions that the answer would be to change both dates towards a "compromise" date in the mid-16th century BC. As of 2014, the problem has not been satisfactorily resolved.

Dendrochronology uses patterns found in tree growth rings to work out a date. That is possible for Egyptian chronology. An example is the Uluburun shipwreck, which is from the New Kingdom. By using both dendrochronology and radiocarbon dating, tree rings can be dated as far back as the Middle Kingdom. That was used for the coffin of Ipi-ha-ishutef (dated 2073±9 BC) and the funerary boat of Senusret III (dated 1887±11 BC; the conventional reign date is 1878 BC–1839 BC).

A number different chronologies were presented during the 20th century:





Earthrise

"Earthrise" is a photo of the Earth from the Moon taken on the Apollo 8 mission. It was taken by astronaut William Anders on December 24, 1968. It was a very important picture, because it helped people realize how fragile the Earth looks. It started making a large amount of people want to pass laws and create government programs that help the environment. It also became the symbol for Earth Day because of how powerful it was, and it started the environmental movement of the 1970's. Earthrise's most notable use is as the symbol of Earth Day.



Daewoo Motors

Daewoo Motor was a South Korean automotive company owned by General Motors. The company started in 1937 as National motors in Bupyeong-gu, Incheon, South Korea. In 1965 it became Shinjin Motor after becoming affiliated with Toyota. In 1972 Toyota withdrew. The same year Shinjin became General Motors Korea, a joint venture with General Motors. The company was renamed Saehan Motors in 1976. In 1982 the company was bought by the Daewoo group. Daewoo was known for its affordable cars many of which were made in partnership with GM until the mid '90s. The Daewoo Group ran into financial trouble in the late 1990s. It was then put up for sale and acquired by General Motors in 2001. It was renamed GM Daewoo, and began to produce GM vehicles again. This included the Chevrolet Aveo which is based on Daewoo's Kalos model. In 2011 GM Daewoo was renamed GM Korea. 1967-2016

<br>

Robert S. Wistrich

Robert Solomon Wistrich (April 7, 1945 – May 19, 2015) was a British-Israeli academic and author. He was a leading scholar of antisemitism in Europe. He was also the Neuburger Professor of European and Jewish history at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He wrote and edited at least 30 books.

Wistrich was born in Lenger, Kazakh SSR (now Kazakhstan). His parents were leftist Polish Jews who moved to escape antisemitism. He later moved to France with his family, and grew up in England.

Wistrich died from a heart attack on May 19, 2015 in Rome, Italy. He was 70.

John Templeton Jr.

John Marks "Jack" Templeton Jr. (February 19, 1940 – May 16, 2015) was an American medical doctor. He served as the Chairman and President of the John Templeton Foundation until his death, and also worked as a pediatric surgeon. He was a Republican.

Templeton was born in New York City. He was the elder son of Judith (Folk) and the American-born British stock investor, businessman and philanthropist John Templeton. He studied at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut and at Harvard Medical School. He was married to Josephine and had three daughters.

Templeton was an Evangelical. He gave large sums of money to conservative organizations, like those opposing same-sex marriage.

Templeton died from brain cancer on May 16, 2015 in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. He was 75.

John Mahaffy

John Mahaffy (July 18, 1918 – May 2, 2015) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He played 37 games in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers and Montreal Canadiens.

Mahaffy was born in Montreal, Quebec. He was married to Angie Péloquin. He died on May 2, 2015, aged 96.

Ahmad Alasgarov

Ahmad Latifovich Alasgarov (, ; born 5 October 1935 – 19 May 2015) was an Azerbaijani footballer and manager. He played as a defender from 1955 until 1965. He managed nine teams between 1966 and 2006, including the Azerbaijan national football team. He was born in Baku.

Alasgarov died after a long illness on 19 May 2015 in Odessa, Ukraine, aged 79.

Trajan's Column

Trajan's Column is a Roman triumphal column in Rome, Italy. It was built to remember Roman emperor Trajan's victory in the Dacian Wars. It was probably built by the architect Apollodorus of Damascus at the order of the Roman Senate. It is in Trajan's Forum, near the Quirinal Hill, north of the Roman Forum. It was completed in AD 113. It has a spiral bas relief, which shows the wars between the Romans and Dacians (101–102 and 105–106). Its design has inspired numerous victory columns, both ancient and modern.

The column is about 30 metres (98 ft) in height, 35 metres (125 ft) including its large pedestal. It is made from a series of 20 hollow Carrara marble pieces. Each one weighs about 32 tons, with a diameter of 3.7 metres (11 ft). The 190-metre (625 ft) frieze winds around the column 23 times. Inside the column, a spiral staircase of 185 steps gives access to a viewing platform at the top. The capital block of Trajan's Column weighs 53.3 tons, which had to be lifted to a height of c. 34 m.

Ancient coins show plans to put a statue of an eagle on top of the column. However it was built with a statue of Trajan. This statue disappeared in the Middle Ages. On December 4, 1587, the top was crowned by Pope Sixtus V with a bronze figure of St. Peter. When it was built the column was next to two libraries, which perhaps held the soldier-emperor's account of the Roman-Dacian Wars.

Jean Baptiste Charbonneau

Jean Baptiste Charbonneau (11 February 1805 – 16 May 1866) was the son of Toussaint Charbonneau and Sacagawea. He was a fur trapper and guide. He was an important figure in the Mexican-American War. Charbonneau and his mother are pictured on a one-dollar coin.

A. J. Allmendinger

Anthony James "A. J." Allmendinger (born December 16, 1981) is an American open-wheel and stock car racing driver. He currently competes full-time in the NASCAR Xfinity Series driving the No. 16 car for Kaulig Racing.

Allmendinger earned five wins and a third championship place in the 2006 Champ Car season. Afterwards, he began competing in NASCAR. He has competed in the 24 Hours of Daytona, finishing first in 2012, second in 2006 and third in 2013.

Regan Smith

Regan Smith (born September 23, 1983) is an American stock car racing driver. 

He currently competes full-time in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. He drives the No. 7 Chevrolet SS for Tommy Baldwin Racing. He also races part-time in the Xfinity Series. There he drives the No. 88 Chevrolet Camaro for JR Motorsports, and the No. 2 Chevrolet Camaro for Richard Childress Racing.


Insurance Institute for Highway Safety

Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS) is a non-profit organization funded by at least 75 insurance companies. IIHS was started in 1959 with their headquarters in Arlington, Virginia. Their goal is to reduce deaths, injuries and property loss from automobile es on US highways. It researches and rates popular passenger vehicles. IIHS also rates consumer products such as child safety seat. They also research road design and traffic regulations. 

It carries out research and produces ratings for popular passenger vehicles as well as for certain consumer products such as child safety seats. It also conducts research on road design and traffic regulations, and has been involved in promoting policy decisions. According to their own bylaws IIHS does not lobby the United States Congress and other lawmaking bodies to change laws. They educate lawmakers and by invitation.

The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety was established by insurance companies in 1959 to advise other organizations about highway safety. In 1966 the National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety Act was enacted by Congress. It set up what is now called the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. In 1968 when Richard Nixon became president, William Haddon, Jr., was replaced as head of the agency. He was hired by the IIHS to reorganize and set up a crash testing program. In the 1970s the IIHS was involved in the then controversial airbag standard. 

Two organizations in the US perform destructive testing to establish crash test ratings. The other is the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), a government agency. Both test new cars and issue ratings, but the tests are different. They also use different rating systems. 

The NHTSA uses three tests. The first is a 35 mph frontal crash test. It determines what injuries a driver or passenger might experience in that type of accident. The second is a side-impact test (made up of two tests using different weights). The third test is not an actual test. It is a rating based on a mathematical formula based on the car's width and center of gravity. NHTSA uses a five star rating system. A single star is poor while five stars is the best rating. 

The IIHS uses five tests. They do two frontal tests. A small-overlap is set up with 25% of the front of the car hitting a barrier at 40 mph. A moderate overlap test allows more of the front of the car to hit the barrier. In a side-impact test a movable barrier hits the car side at 31 mph. A roof test involves a flat piece of metal pushed down against the roof to see at what point it collapsed. It is not an actual roll-over test. The last test is on the seats and head restraints. The IIHS classifies its rankings as Poor, Marginal, Acceptable or Good. 

IIHS also gives out two awards each year. They are "Top Safety Pick" and "Top Safety Pick+". Vehicles that have good results all five tests and have Collision avoidance systems win the top award. The Top Safety Pick award goes to vehicles that pass the five tests alone.

Not every model of car is tested. Both agencies test the most widely sold vehicles. Convertibles and other limited production cars are often not tested. In 2007 the IIHS did test 10 models. Test results often appear months after a car goes on sale. Both agencies buy their vehicles from car dealerships. The IIHS has only begun to mention upcoming (to be tested) models while the NHTSA has noted this for some time.


Sudha Shivpuri

Sudha Shivpuri (14 July 1937 – 20 May 2015) was an Indian stage, movie and television actress. She was known for her role as "Baa" in the Hindi TV serial "Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi" (2000–2008).

Shivpuri died from multiple organ failure on 20 May 2015 in Mumbai, India, aged 78.

Academy of Urbanism

The Academy of Urbanism is a non-profit academic research organization dedicated to urban planning and urban development. The institute is located in London. It has branches in Europe and other places in the world. The Academy employs 500 professionals engaged in various subjects related to the field of urban planning and the chief of the Mossad motto is: "to recognize, encourage, and celebrate great places".

National workshops, lectures, an internet site and spend magazine. In addition, the Academy maintains Festival prizes and conducting congresses in the UK each year and operates a voluntary activity.


World Community Grid

World Community Grid (WCG) is a large public computing grid to work on scientific research projects that help people. People donate time on their personal computers to the project. The software can be set up to run only when the computer is not being used for other work.

WCG began operation on November 16, 2004. It is coordinated by IBM to use their Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing (BOINC) software. Software for the grid of personal computers is available for Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and Android operating systems.

World Community Grid's research projects have performed analysis of aspects of the human genome, HIV, dengue, muscular dystrophy, cancer, influenza, rice crop yields and renewable energy. 

Open projects running as of May 2015 are looking for drug treatments for the Ebola virus and HIV, seeking new materials for the next generation of solar cells, comparing genomes of many organisms, and investigating cancer genes. As of May 2015, the organization has partnered with 467 other companies and organizations to help its work, and has over 65,000 active registered users.


Raymond Gosling

Raymond Gosling (15 July 1926 – 18 May 2015) was a British biophysicist. He was known for doing X-ray diffraction studies on DNA. These studies were the first step in understanding the 3-D structure of DNA. He did these studies as a doctoral student in the research group headed by Maurice Wilkins at Kings College London.

Gosling's first supervisor was A.R. Stokes of the Physics Department. By 1950, Gosling's diffraction photographs were described by Wilkins at the time as "much better than Astbury's, and almost like single crystals".

Gosling was re-assigned to Rosalind Franklin when she joined Wilkins' group in 1951. For the next two years, they worked closely together to improve the X-ray diffraction photography of DNA and get a sharper image. Gosling made the X-ray diffraction image of DNA known as "Photo 51". This work led directly to the 1963 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine being awarded to Francis Crick, James D. Watson and Maurice Wilkins. Gosling was the co-author with Franklin of one of the three DNA double helix papers published in "Nature" in April 1953.

Gosling died in London at 88 on 18 May 2015.

Donald Caspar

Donald L. D. Caspar (born January 8, 1927) is an American structural biologist. He is known for his works on the structures of biological molecules such as tobacco mosaic virus. He is an emeritus professor of biological science at the Institute of Molecular Biophysics, Florida State University, and an emeritus professor of biology at the Rosenstiel Basic Medical Sciences Research Center, Brandeis University.

Roscoe Bartlett

Roscoe Gardner Bartlett, Jr. (born June 3, 1926) is an American politician and physiologist. He is a former U.S. Representative for , serving from 1993 to 2013.

He is a member of the Republican Party and was a member of the Tea Party Caucus. At the end of his tenure in Congress, Bartlett was the second-oldest serving member of the House of Representatives, behind only fellow Republican Ralph Hall of Texas.


Pack hunter

A pack hunter or social predator is a predator belonging to the animal kingdom, which has evolved to hunt its prey by working together with other members of its species. Normally animals hunting in this way are closely related. Except where only males normally hunt (humans and chimpanzees), all individuals in a family group will contribute to hunting. The most commonly known pack hunter is the gray wolf. The wolf is the closest wild relative of all breeds of domesticated dog. Humans and their closest-living relatives chimpanzees are also pack hunters. Other pack hunting mammals include dolphins, lions and spotted hyenas. A number of avian social predators exist. These include the Harris's hawk, butcherbirds, three of four kookaburra species and many helmetshrikes. There are a few cold-blooded pack hunters. Forexample, simple arthropods such as army ants. Another example is the yellow saddle goatfish Occasionally crocodiles are pack hunters. Hunting in packs allows smaller predators to hunt larger prey. 

Abu Simbel temples

The Abu Simbel temples are two very large rock temples built by the ancient Egyptians, at Abu Simbel. This is a village in Nubia, southern Egypt, near the border with Sudan. The temples are on the western bank of Lake Nasser, about 230 km southwest of Aswan. They are part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site known as the "Nubian Monuments." The temples were cut into solid rock in side of a cliff during the reign of Pharaoh Ramesses II in the 13th century BC. It was a lasting monument to himself and his queen Nefertari, to remember his victory at the Battle of Kadesh.

The complete temples were moved in 1968, to a place high above the Aswan High Dam reservoir. They would have been flooded by water from Lake Nasser which was formed by the building of a dam on the Nile River.

Work on the temples began about 1264 BC and lasted for about 20 years. It was called the "Temple of Ramesses, beloved by Amun". It was one of six rock temples built in Nubia by Ramesses II. The temple was meant to impress Egypt's southern neighbours. It also helped to strengthen Egyptian religion in the area. Historians say that the design of Abu Simbel shows Ramesses II's ego and pride.

Over time people stopped using the temples which became covered with sand. In the 6th century BC, the sand covered the statues of the main temple up to their knees. The temple was forgotten until 1813, when Jean-Louis Burckhardt saw the top frieze of the main temple. He told Italian explorer Giovanni Belzoni, who went to the site, but was unable to dig out an entry to the temple. Belzoni went back in 1817, and was able to enter the temples. Details of the temples, with drawings, are in Edward William Lane's "Description of Egypt" (1825-1828).

Tour guides at the temples tell a story that "Abu Simbel" was a young local boy who took Burckhardt and Belzoni to see the buried temple. He had seen the temples from time to time in the shifting sands. Eventually, the temples were named after him.

In 1959 an international campaign was started to raise money to save the temples from being flooded by water from the new Aswan High Dam.

One plan put forward was to build a dam around the temples to keep the water at the same level as the river. It was thought that raising the temples would put them in danger of being eroded by the wind. This plan was rejected.

The moving of the temple began in 1964, with archaeologists, engineers and workers coming from all over the world as a UNESCO project. It cost $40 million at the time. Between 1964 and 1968, the entire site was carefully cut into large blocks. Some blocks weighed up to 30 tons, with most around 20 tons. These blocks were lifted and put back together on a new site 65 meters higher, and 200 meters further back from the river.

This was one of the greatest challenges of archaeological engineering in history. Some parts had to be saved from under the waters of Lake Nasser. Today hundreds of visitors come to the temples every day. Buses and cars leave twice a day from Aswan, the nearest city. Many visitors also come by plane, to an airfield that was specially built near the temples.

There are two temples. The larger one was built for the gods Ra-Harakhty, Ptah and Amun. It has four large statues of Ramesses II on the facade. The smaller temple was built for the goddess Hathor, who is shown as Nefertari, Ramesses's favourite of his many wives. The temple is open to the public.

The Great Temple at Abu Simbel took about 20 years to build. It was completed in the 24th year of the rule of Ramesses the Great (about 1265 BC). It was built for the gods Amun, Ra-Horakhty, and Ptah, as well as for Rameses himself, who was treated as a god. It is one the grandest and most beautiful temples from the time of Rameses II, and one of the most beautiful in Egypt.

The facade of the temple has four 20 meter tall statues of the pharaoh with the double Atef crown of Upper and Lower Egypt. The facade is 35 meters wide. Across the top is a frieze with 22 baboons. The baboons have their hands raised to welcome the rising sun at dawn. These huge statues were carved into solid rock. All statues show Ramesses II, seated on a throne and wearing the double crown of Upper and Lower Egypt. The statue on the left of the entrance was damaged in an earthquake soon after it was built. The head and body are on the ground at the statue's feet.

Next to the legs of the large statue, there are others no higher than the knees of the pharaoh. These show Nefertari, Ramesses's chief wife, and queen mother Mut-Tuy, his first two sons Amun-her-khepeshef, Ramesses, and his first six daughters Bintanath, Baketmut, Nefertari, Meritamen, Nebettawy and Isetnofret.

Above the entrance is a bas-relief with two images of the king praising the falcon-headed Ra Harakhti. This god is holding the hieroglyph meaning "user" and a feather in his right hand, with Ma'at, the goddess of truth and justice, in his left. This is a really just a large puzzle with the answer being Ramesses II's throne name, User-Maat-Re. A stele on the facade records the marriage of Ramesses with a daughter of king Hattusili III, which sealed the peace between Egypt and the Hittites.

Like most Egyptian temples it has a triangle shaped layout inside. The rooms become smaller in size from the entrance to the sanctuary. The temple has a complicated and unusual structure with many side chambers. The hypostyle hall (sometimes also called a pronaos) is 18 meters long and 16.7 meters wide. It is supported by eight huge Osirid pillars. These show Ramesses as a god, with Osiris (Orion), the god of fertility, agriculture, the afterlife, the dead, resurrection, life and vegetation, to indicate the everlasting nature of the pharaoh. The big statues along the left-hand wall have the white crown of Upper Egypt, while those on the opposite side are wearing the double crown of Upper and Lower Egypt (pschent). The bas-reliefs on the walls of the pronaos show battle scenes from Ramesses's many wars. They show the Battle of Kadesh, on the Orontes river, in present-day Syria, where Ramesses fought against the Hittites. The most famous image shows the king on his chariot shooting arrows against his enemies, who are being taken prisoner. Other scenes show Egyptian victories in Libya and Nubia.

From the hypostyle hall, one enters the second pillared hall. This has four pillars covered with beautiful scenes of offerings to the gods. Ramesses and Nefertari are seen with the sacred boats of Amun and Ra-Harakhti. This hall leads to another room which is the way in to the sanctuary. On a back wall are rock cut sculptures of four seated figures: Ra-Horakhty, Ramesses (as a god), and the gods Amun Ra and Ptah. Ra-Horakhty, Amun Ra and Ptah were the main gods during this time and their cult centers were at Heliopolis, Thebes and Memphis respectively.

It is believed that the temple was positioned so that on October 22 and February 22, light from the sun would reach the sanctuary. This would light up the sculptures on the back wall, except for the statue of Ptah, the god linked with the Underworld, who always remained in the dark.

These dates could be the king's birthday and coronation day. However, there is no evidence to support this. It makea sense that these dates had some relation to a great event, such as the 30th anniversary of the pharaoh's rule. October 22 is 60 days before the solstice and February 20 is 60 days after the Solstice.

The image of the king would get energy from the sun, and Ramesses the Great could take his place next to Amun Ra and Ra-Horakhty.
People gather at Abu Simbel to see this remarkable sight, on October 21 and February 21. The dates have changed by one day because of the movement of the Tropic of Cancer in the last 3280 years.

The Small Temple was built about 100 meters northeast of the Great Temple. It was built for the goddess Hathor and Ramesses II's favorite wife, Nefertari. The facade is cut into solid rock, with two groups of very large statues on either side of the large gateway. The statues, slightly more than ten meters high, are of the king and his queen. On the sides of the entrance are two statues of the king, one wearing the white crown of Upper Egypt and the other with double crown. On sides of these are statues of the queen and the king.

This is the only example in Egyptian art where the statues of the king and queen are equal size. Usually the statues of the queens stand next to those of the pharaoh, but were never taller than his knees. Ramesses went to Abu Simbel with his wife in the 24th year of his rule. There are small statues of princes and princesses next to their parents. On the south side they are (facing them from left to right), princes Meryatum and Meryre, princesses Meritamen and Henuttawy, and princes Rahirwenemef and Amun-her-khepeshef. On the north side the same figures are in reverse order.

The plan of the Small Temple is a simple copy of the Great Temple. The hypostyle hall or pronaos is supported by six pillars. They show scenes with the queen playing the sinistrum (an instrument sacred to the goddess Hathor), together with the gods Horus, Khnum, Khonsu, and Thoth, and the goddesses Hathor, Isis, Maat, Mut of Asher, Satis and Taweret. In one scene Ramesses is presenting flowers or burning incense. The capitals of the pillars have the face of the goddess Hathor; known as a Hathoric column. The bas-reliefs in the hall show Ramesses becoming a god. There are scenes of the king (with his wife) defeating his enemies. Another scene shows the queen making offerings to the goddess Hathor and Mut. Three large doors open into another room. On the south and the north walls of this room there are scenes of the king and his wife giving papyrus plants to Hathor. Hathor is shown as a cow on a boat sailing through papyri plants. On the west wall, Ramesses II and Nefertari are shown making offerings to god Horus and the gods of the Cataracts — Satis, Anubis and Khnum. This room leads to the sanctuary and two side rooms.

The sanctuary has bas-reliefs on the side walls with scenes of offerings to various gods made either by the pharaoh or the queen. On the back wall, there is a niche in which Hathor, as a divine cow, seems to be coming out of the mountain. Queen Nefertari is closely linked to this goddess.

Each temple has its own priest to represent the king in daily religious ceremonies. The Pharaoh should be the only celebrant in daily religious ceremonies performed in different temples throughout Egypt. In reality, the high priest also played that role. A priest, like the king, needed education in art and science. Reading, writing, engineering, arithmetic, geometry, astronomy, space measurement, time calculations, were all part of this learning. The priests of Heliopolis, for example, became guardians of sacred knowledge and were seen as wise men.





Arch bridge

An arch bridge is a bridge with abutments at each end shaped as a curved arch. Arch bridges work by transferring the weight of the bridge and its loads partially into a horizontal thrust held by the abutments at either side. A viaduct (long bridge) may be made from a long arcade of arches. However other less expensive structures are typically used today.

The oldest existing arch bridge may be the Mycenaean Arkadiko bridge in Greece. It was built in about 1300 BC. The stone corbel arch bridge is still used. The well-preserved Hellenistic Eleutherna Bridge has a triangular corbel arch. The 4th century BC Rhodes Footbridge rests on an early voussoir arch.

Both the Etruscans and ancient Greeks knew about arches. But the Romans were the first to use arches for bridge construction. 
Roman arch bridges were usually semicircular. A number were also segmental arch bridges (such as Alconétar Bridge), meaning it has a curved arch that is less than a semicircle. Such a segmental arch bridge allowed great amounts of flood water to pass under it. This would prevent the bridge from being swept away during floods. Also the bridge itself could be more lightweight. Generally, Roman bridges had wedge-shaped primary arch stones (called voussoirs) of the same in size and shape. The Romans built both single spans and lengthy multiple arch aqueducts. Their bridges featured flood openings in the piers.
In medieval Europe, bridge builders improved on the Roman structures by using narrower piers. They used thinner arch barrels and lower span-rise ratios on bridges. Gothic pointed arches were also introduced reducing lateral thrust. In particular the 14th century saw bridge construction reaching new heights. Spans of up to were previously unheard of in masonry arch construction.

In the 19th century steel became cheaper and allowed even longer bridges. Tied arch bridges became commonplace because they don't need such large, expensive foundations. Some in the late 20th century were made over .

Stone, brick and other similar materials are strong in compression. They are fairly strong in shear. But they cannot resist much force in tension. As a result, masonry arch bridges are designed to be constantly under compression. Each arch is constructed over a temporary falsework frame, known as a centring. In the first compression arch bridges, a keystone in the middle of the bridge bore the weight of the rest of the bridge. The more weight that was put onto the bridge, the stronger its structure became. Masonry arch bridges use fill material (typically compacted rubble) above the arch in order to increase this dead-weight on the bridge. This also prevents tension from occurring in the arch ring as loads move across the bridge. Unreinforced concrete was also used. When masonry (cut stone) is used, the angles of the faces are cut to minimize shear forces. Where random masonry (uncut and unprepared stones) is used they are mortared together. The mortar is allowed to set before the falsework is removed.

Arch bridges are one of the oldest types of bridges and have been aroundd for thousands of years. Arch bridges have great natural strength.

They were originally built of stone or brick but these days are built of reinforced concrete or steel. The introduction of these new materials allow arch bridges to be longer with lower spans.

Instead of pushing straight down, the load of an arch bridge is carried outward along the curve of the arch to the supports at each end. The weight is transferred to the supports at either end.

These supports, called the abutments, carry the load and keep the ends of the bridge from spreading out.

Striped hyaena

The striped hyaena ("Hyaena hyaena") is a widespread small carnivore. It is native to North and East Africa, the Middle East, the Caucasus, Central Asia and the Indian subcontinent. It is listed by the IUCN as near threatened, and the global population may be under 10,000 mature individuals. It is persecuted, and its prey base is declining.

It is the smallest of its genus and has many primitive viverrid characteristics which are lost in the larger species. For example, it has a smaller and less specialised skull.

It is mainly a scavenger, but large individuals may kill their own prey. Attacks on humans are rare, but do happen. The striped hyena is a monogamous animal, with both males and females assisting one another in raising their cubs. A nocturnal animal, the striped hyena only comes out in complete darkness, and is quick to return to its lair before sunrise. It has a habit of feigning death when attacked. It has also been known to stand its ground against larger predators such as leopards in disputes over food.

The striped hyaena features prominently in Middle Eastern and Asian folklore. It is mentioned in the Hebrew Bible, where it is referred to as "tzebua" or "zevoa", though the species is absent in some English translations.

Béziers

Béziers () is a commune in the Hérault département in the Occitanie region in southern France. It is a subprefecture of the department and also the capital of the "arrondissement" of the same name.

Béziers is one of the oldest cities in France. Research shows that Béziers was built by Greeks in the 6th century BC. Some archaeologists think that Béziers could be the oldest town of France, even before Marseille.

The site where is Béziers has been occupied since Neolithic times, before the arrival of Celts. Roman "Betarra" was on the road that linked Provence with Iberia. The Romans refounded the city as a new place for veterans in 36–35 BC and called it "Colonia Julia Baeterrae Septimanorum". Stones from the Roman amphitheatre were used to construct the city wall during the 3rd century. The city was occupied by the Moors between 720 and 752.

Béziers was a Languedoc stronghold of Catharism, which the Catholic Church condemned as heretical and which Catholic forces exterminated in the Albigensian Crusade.

Béziers was the first place to be attacked. The crusaders got to the town on 21 July 1209 and burned the cathedral of Saint Nazaire. A few parts of the Romanesque cathedral survived, and repairs started in 1215. The restoration, along with that of the rest of the city, continued until the 15th century.

After the Louis Napoléon's coup d'état in 1851, troops killed protesters in Béziers. Others were condemned to death or taken to the Guiana.

The city is in the southeastern of the department, in the plain of Hérault (the "plaine héraultoise"). It is on a small cliff on the eastern side of the Orb river, a tributary of the Hérault river.

The "commune" has an area of , the largest "commune" in the department, and is at an altitude of about above sea level. Béziers is at to the southeast of the city of Montpellier and at from the Mediterranean Sea.

The "commune" of Béziers is surrounded by the "communes" Boujan-sur-Libron, Maraussan, Lignan-sur-Orb, Villeneuve-lès-Béziers, Corneilhan, Sauvian, Colombiers, Cers, Montady, Maureilhan, Bassan and Vendres.

The climate of Béziers, in the Köppen climate classification, is Csa - Mediterranean climate with hot summers.

The inhabitants of Béziers are known, in French, as "Biterrois" (women: "Biterroises"), from "Baeterrae", the Latin name of the city.

With a population of 75,701, Béziers has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Béziers

Béziers forms with other four "communes" the urban area of Béziers with a population of 89,243 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Béziers, formed by 40 "communes" with a population of 168,960 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Béziers is a subprefecture of the Hérault department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Béziers and the administrative centre () of three cantons: Béziers-1, Béziers-2 and Béziers-3.

It is part of the intercommunality "Béziers Méditerranée" ().

Béziers is twinned with:




Crépy-en-Valois

Crépy-en-Valois is a commune in the Picardy region in the Oise department in the north of France. The two listed historical monuments are the Saint-Thomas-de-Canterbury collegiate church and the Porte de Paris. The first one goes back to its oldest elements in the 12th century, when the city prospered under the guidance of the Dukes of Valois. The second one dates from 1788-1792 and is located rue Charles de Gaulle.

The origins of the city of Crépy-en-Valois remain uncertain. During 10th century, the first lords of Crépy fortified the area, this rocky promontory overlooking the streams of Taillandiers and Sainte- Agathe.

The castrum didn't stop developing since then: firstly under the impetus of the Counts of Amiens Valois, who founded the Abbey Saint Arnoul in 1008, then with the Counts of Vermandois, particularly Philip d'Alsace and his wife Elizabeth who founded in 1182 in the suburbs a collegiate dedicated to Thomas Becket, archbishop of Canterbury, who was assassinated in his cathedral.

Civil and religious protection drew a more and more numerous population. Prosperity settled thanks to the pilgrimages and grew even after 1213, the date of the reattachment of Valois to the French crown.

In 1790, the revolutionary district was created. Thereafter, it became an administrative center of the canton, arrondissement of Senlis, department of Oise.

The 19th century announced winds of change. The city expanded to the East with new neighborhoods. The arrival of the railroad facilitated the establishment of prosperous industries and therefore the installation of a workforce.

The wars of 1914 and 1939 wounded city by multiple bombings; but the successive mayors knew how to look after and maintain the city's dignity and dynamism.

Fossa

The fossa ("Cryptoprocta ferox") is a cat-like, carnivorous mammal endemic to Madagascar. It is a member of the Eupleridae, a family of carnivorans closely related to the mongoose family (Herpestidae).

Its classification has been controversial because it looks like a cat. However, other traits suggest a close relationship with viverrids (most civets and their relatives). Its classification influenced thought about how many times mammalian carnivores had colonized Madagascar. Genetic studies now show that the fossa and all other Malagasy carnivores are closely related to each other: they are a clade, the family Eupleridae. 
Carnivorans are now thought to have colonized the island once about 18 to 20 million years ago.

The fossa is the largest mammalian carnivore on the island of Madagascar and has been compared to a small cougar. Adults have a head-body length of and weigh between . The males larger than the females. It has semiretractable claws and flexible ankles that allow it to climb up and down trees head-first, and they can jump from tree to tree.

The species is widespread, although population densities are usually low. It is found only in forested habitat, and hunts by day and night. Over 50% of its diet consists of lemurs, the endemic primates of the island. Tenrecs, rodents, lizards, birds, and other animals are also prey. Mating usually occurs in trees on horizontal limbs and can last for several hours. Litters range from one to six pups, which are born blind and toothless (altricial). Infants wean after 4.5 months and are independent after a year. Sexual maturity occurs around three to four years of age, and life expectancy in captivity is 20 years. The fossa is listed as "Vulnerable" by the International Union for Conservation of Nature. It is generally feared by the Malagasy people and is often protected by their taboo. The greatest threat to the species is habitat destruction.

Péronne, Somme

Péronne is a commune in the Picardy region in the Somme department in the north of France.

It is close to where the Battles of the Somme took place during World War I.

The Museum of the Great War (known in French as the Historial de la Grande Guerre) is located in the château.

Ottoman architecture

Ottoman architecture is the architecture of the Ottoman Empire. It emerged in Bursa and Edirne in 14th and 15th centuries. The architecture of the empire developed from the earlier Seljuk architecture. It was influenced by the Byzantine, Iranian and Seljuk architecture. It was also influenced by Islamic Mamluk traditions after the conquest of Constantinople by the Ottomans. For almost 400 years Byzantine architectural artifacts such as the church of Hagia Sophia served as models for many of the Ottoman mosques. Overall, Ottoman architecture has been described as Ottoman architecture synthesized with architectural traditions of the Mediterranean and the Middle East.

The Ottomans achieved the highest level architecture in their lands. They mastered the technique of building vast inner spaces confined by seemingly weightless yet massive domes. Their work achieved harmony between inner and outer spaces, as well as light and shadow. Islamic religious building, which until then was simple but with extensive decoration, was transformed by the Ottomans. They used vaults, domes, semi-domes and columns. The mosque was changed from being a cramped and dark chamber with arabesque-covered walls into a beautiful sanctuary.


Dole, Jura

Dole is a commune in the Jura department. It was the capital of the Free County until Louis XIV conquered the region, which from then on became Besançon.

Roanne

Roanne is a French commune, a "subprefecture" in the Loire department in central France. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Roanne.

The "commune" of Roanne is in the north of the Loire department and has an area of . The average altitude is and the city hall is an altitude of .

The distances from Roanne to other cities are:

The "commune" of Roanne is surrounded by the "communes":

The Loire river flows through the city. Two of its tributaries: Renaison and Rhins, also flow through the city and join the Loire in Roanne.

The climate of Roanne, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Roanne are known, in French, as " Roannais" (women: "Roannaises").

With a population of 35,200, Roanne has a population density of inhabitants/km, the highest density in the department.
Evolution of the population in Roanne

Roanne forms, with other 14 "communes", the urban area of Roanne with a population of 80,098 inhabitants (2014) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Roanne, formed by 50 "communes" with a population of 107,348 inhabitants (2014) and an area of .

Roanne is a subprefecture of the Loire department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Roanne and the administrative centre () of two cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Roannais Agglomération" ().

Roanne is twinned with:




Cuba men's national volleyball team

Cuba national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of Cuba.



Seljuk architecture

Seljuk architecture is the name given to architecture built during the time when the Seljuks ruled most of the Middle East and Anatolia. This was between the 11th and 13th centuries. After the 11th century the Seljuks of Rum emerged from the Great Seljuk Empire developing their own architecture. Their capital was Konya. They were influenced and inspired by the Armenians, Byzantines and Persians.

The architecture can be found in a vast area stretching from the Hindu Kush to eastern Anatolia. Also from Central Asia to the Persian Gulf. The homeland of Seljuk architecture was Turkmenistan and Iran. This is where the first permanent Seljuk buildings were built. Unfortunately the Mongol invasions destroyed most of these buildings. Only a few remain. In 1063 Isfahan was established as capital of the Great Seljuk Empire under Alp Arslan.

The most significant change was in the early 12th century. It was the conversion of the hypostyle plan into a four-iwan plan mosque (see Shah Mosque). Another mosque-type introduced at this time was the kiosk mosque, consisting of a domed space with three open sides and wall containing a mihrab on the qibla side. The architecture of this period was also characterized by memorial tombs. These were usually octagonal structures with domed roofs, called Kümbet or Türbe. An impressive example of tomb architecture is the mausoleum of Sultan Sanjar at Merv. It is a massive building measuring square with a huge double dome resting on squinches and muqarnas pendentives.


Bulgaria men's national volleyball team

Bulgaria national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of Bulgaria. They have participated in the FIVB world league ever since 1994. Bulgaria played at the first world championship in 1949.


<br>

Serbia men's national volleyball team

Serbia national volleyball team is the name of Serbia's national volleyball team. The Fédération Internationale de Volleyball considers Serbia the inheritor of the records of SFR Yugoslavia (1948–1991), FR Yugoslavia (1992–2002) and Serbia and Montenegro (2003–2006). Nikola Grbic, a former player and team captain, is the head coach.



Beaune

Beaune is a commune in Burgundy in the Côte-d'Or department. It is the region's wine capital.


Australia men's national volleyball team

Australia Men's national volleyball team also known as Volleyball Team Australia Men (VTAM) is the national volleyball team of Australia.

Palermo Stone

The Palermo Stone is one of seven pieces left of a much bigger stele known as the Royal Annals of the Old Kingdom of Ancient Egypt. The stele has a list of the kings of Egypt from the First Dynasty through to the early part of the Fifth Dynasty. It also listed important events in each year of their rule. It was probably made during the Fifth Dynasty (about 2392–2283 BCE). The Palermo Stone is in the Antonio Salinas Regional Archaeological Museum in the city of Palermo, Italy, from which it gets its name.

The name "Palermo Stone" is sometimes used for all seven pieces of the Royal Annals, including those in museums in Cairo and London. The pieces are also sometimes known as the "Cairo Annals Stone". The name "Cairo Stone" is also used to mean only those pieces kept in Cairo.

The Royal Annals are probably the oldest historical writing from Ancient Egypt. They are very important for the study of Egyptian history in the Old Kingdom.

The Royal Annals stele, of which the Palermo Stone is one part part, was probably about 60 cm high and 2.1m wide. The pieces that are left are type of hard black stone, probably basalt.

The Palermo Stone itself is shaped like a shield. It is 43.5 cm high, 25 cm wide and 6.5 cm thick. The writing on the front of the stone is six lines of hieroglyphs. The first line lists the names of the Early Dynastic Period kings of Lower Egypt, wearing the Red Crown ). The second and other lines has parts of the royal annals for pharaohs of the First to Fourth Dynasties. These annals are lists of the key events in each year of the rule of each king, arranged in date order. The second line on the Palermo Stone begins with the last details for a king of the First Dynasty. The name has been lost, but it would be either Narmer or Aha. The rest of the second row has the first nine annual entries for next king. Again the name is missing but is either Aha or his successor Djer. The rest of the writing on this side has the royal annals down to the kings of the Fourth Dynasty.

There is writing on the back of the Palermo Stone. This lists events during the rule of pharaohs down to Neferirkare Kakai, third ruler of the Fifth Dynasty. From the pieces that are left it is unclear if the Royal Annals continued beyond this point in time. Where a king is named, the name of his mother is also recorded, such as Betrest mother of the First Dynasty king Semerkhet and Meresankh I mother of the Fourth Dynasty king Seneferu.

Details recorded in the Royal Annals includes the height of the annual Nile flood (see Nilometer), the Inundation, details of festivals (such as Sed festivals), taxation, sculpture, buildings, and warfare.

It is not known where the stele came from. None of the seven pieces has a proper archaeological history. One piece
in Cairo is said to have come from at an archaeological site at Memphis. The three other pieces in Cairo were said to have been found in Middle Egypt. No one has ever said where the Palermo Stone was found.

The Palermo Stone was purchased by a Sicilian lawyer, Ferdinand Guidano, in 1859. It has been in Palermo since 1866. On 19 October 1877, it was presented to the Palermo Archaeological Museum by the Guidano family.

There are five pieces of the Royal Annals in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. Four of these were put in the Museum between 1895 and 1914. The fifth was purchased in 1963. One small piece is in the Petrie Museum of University College London, forming part of the collection of the archeologist Sir Flinders Petrie.

In 1895 a visiting French archaeologist realized the Palermo Stone was important. The writing on the stone was translated in 1902 by Heinrich Schäfer.

There are arguments about the date of the Palermo Stone and of the Royal Annals it records. Historians do not agree if the writing was done in one go or was added to over time. There is no agreement about the date of the writing; was it written about the times it describes, or was it written much later? It has been argued that the stele was made much later, perhaps in the Twenty-Fifth Dynasty (747-656 BCE). It seems clear from the details that, even if the Royal Annals, on the Palermo Stone and other pieces, were not written soon after the time they describe, they are based on an Old Kingdom original.

There are also arguments about if all the pieces are part of the same stele or come from different copies. It has been suggested some of pieces in Cairo are not genuine.

The writing is difficult to read. This because of both the poor condition of some parts, and because of its great age. If the writing is a later copy, not from the Fifth Dynasty, there is also the chance that errors were made in the copying process.

The Palermo Stone and the other pieces of the Royal Annals are a very important for the history of the Old Kingdom. For example, they list the names of members of the royal families during the first five dynasties which are not listed anywhere else.

New Kingdom Egyptian king lists, such as the Turin Canon (13th century BCE) and the Abydos king list (reign of Seti I, 1294–1279 BCE), say that Menes (probably Narmer) (c. 3100 or 3000 BCE) was the first king of the first dynasty. They say that he was the person who unified Egypt. However, the top line of the "Royal Annals" names some earlier rulers of Upper and Lower Egypt. These must come from a time before Egypt was unified. Linking the names of these kings with historical persons is still being argued about.

The ancient historian Manetho must have used something like the Royal Annals stele to write his history of the early dynasties of Egypt. This was written during the third century BCE. The king list which is the best match to his work is the Turin Canon.




Ennio Porrino

Ennio Porrino (born Cagliari, 20 January, 1910 – died Rome, 25 September, 1959) was an Italian composer and teacher. 

Amongst his compositions were orchestral works, an oratorio and several operas and ballets. His best known work is the symphonic poem "Sardegna," a tribute to his native Sardinia, which premiered in Florence in 1933. In the course of his career, Porrino taught at the conservatories of Rome, Venice, and Naples, and in 1956 became the director of the Cagliari Conservatory. 

That same year he married Malgari Onnis (born 1935), a painter and theatrical designer. She designed the production of Porrino's last work, the opera I Shardana, which premiered on 21 March 1959, six months before his death. The couple had one daughter, Stefania (born 1957), who became a playwright and stage director.

Metal Slug (series)

The games are about the Peregrine Falcon Squad, a small group of soldiers who fight against a rebel army, aliens, zombies, mummies and various other forces intent on world domination. 

Drosnay

Drosnay is a commune in the Marne department in the Champagne-Ardenne region. In 2012, 189 people lived there.


Genet

Genets are Old World mammals. They are viverrids, in the same family as civet cats. They are feliform carnivores of the family Viverridae. 

The closest relatives of genets are the civets, linsangs, fossa, and mongooses. Almost all species are in the genus Genetta. The common genet, "Genetta genetta", is the only viverrid living in Europe. Other species live in Africa. Fossils of the genus have been found from the Pliocene.
Genets have long tails, about one to one and a half times the length of their bodies. These longs tails are a counterweight which helps them keep their balance as they leap from tree limb to tree limb. They are not strictly terrestrial, and spend much of their time in trees. Genets have semi-retractable claws, which they use for climbing and holding prey, but not for fighting.

Genets are highly agile creatures, with quick reflexes and exceptional climbing skills, and are the only viverrids that are able to stand bipedally. They are able to walk, trot, run, climb up and down trees, and jump.

They often feed on small mammals, such as rodents, shrews, and bats. Small rodents are captured by the back and killed with a bite at the head, then eaten starting with the head. They also eat birds, bird eggs, centipedes, millipedes, scorpions, and various fruits, including figs and olives.


Winnowing

Winnowing is a farming method developed by ancient people for separating grain from chaff. It is also used to remove weevils or other pests from stored grain. Threshing, which is the loosening of grain or seeds from the husks and straw, comes before winnowing. In place of a winnowing basket a colandar can be used.

In its simplest form it involves throwing the mixture into the air so that the wind blows away the lighter chaff. The heavier grains fall back down for recovery. This method is called "wind-grading". Other methods include using a winnowing fan (a shaped basket shaken to raise the chaff). Yet another is using a tool (a winnowing fork or shovel) on a pile of harvested grain.

Winnowing can also describe the natural removal of fine material from a coarser sediment by wind or flowing water. This is similar to separating wheat from chaff.

Boom Clap

"Boom Clap" is an electropop song by Charli XCX. This song was released as the first single from "The Fault in Our Stars" soundtrack. It was also on XCX's studio album "Sucker".

The single was released on June 15, 2014. It peaked at #6 on the UK Singles chart. It was also #8 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It got positive reviews by music critics.

Pour Some Sugar on Me

"Pour Some Sugar on Me" is a 1987 heavy metal single by Def Leppard. The song has sexual themes in it. It reached #2 on "Billboard" Hot 100 in July of 1988.

The song was from Def Leppard's studio album "Hysteria". 

There are several versions of the song. The extended version is five minutes and 35 seconds long.

Winter's Tale

Winter's Tale is a 2014 supernatural fantasy, mystery and romantic drama movie. It was based on a 1983 novel with the same name. Jennifer Connelly plays Virginia. Eva Marie Saint plays Willa Penn. Russell Crowe plays Pearly.


Initially Warner Bros. attempted to sign Martin Scorsese in 2002. He turned down the chance to direct the movie, calling it "unfilmable". Later on, the movie became a "passion project" for director Akiva Goldsman. He was given the go-ahead by Warner Bros. in February 2011 with a budget of $75 million. The budget was later dropped to $60 million in February of 2012. Will Smith and Russell Crowe were linked to the project in supporting roles.

Principal photography began in October 2012, though was delayed due to Hurricane Sandy. Shooting took place at locations across New York City, including Grand Central Terminal, Red Hook, Brooklyn, East Village, Manhattan and Central Park.

The movie was released on 14 February 2014 in the United States. 

It got negative reviews from movie critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the movie has a rating of 13%. 

The movie performed poor in the box office. Its intake was only $12.6 million in the United States. It took in $30 million worldwide.


Linsang

The linsangs are four feliform species, two in Asia and two in Africa. The whole group was put in the Viverridae in a subfamily. The two pairs are:

The species of African linsangs are:

The species of Asiatic linsangs are:

DNA analysis shows:

Therefore, the similarities between the two genera of linsangs must be convergent. All of them are cat-like in appearance. They are nocturnal, generally solitary tree dwellers. They are carnivorous, eating squirrels and other rodents, small birds, lizards and insects. Typical size is a little over 30 cm (1 foot), with a tail that more than doubles that length. Bodies are long, with short legs, giving a low appearance. All species have yellowish bodies with black markings (stripes, blotches and spots), though the distribution and nature of the markings varies between species. 

African linsang

The African linsang or oyan are two species in the genus Poiana. They are viverrids in the mammalian subfamily Viverrinae.

DNA analysis showed that these African linsangs ("Poiana") are true viverrids closely related to the genets.

I Shardana

I Shardana is an Italian opera in three acts, with music and libretto by Ennio Porrino. It was first performed in Naples, on March 8, 1959. It is by far Porrino's most successful work. It has recently been re.



Edmond J. Gong

Edmond Joseph (Eddie) Gong (October 6, 1930 – May 19, 2015) was an American attorney and former politician in the state of Florida. He was the first Asian-American elected to the Florida House. He served as a Florida state senator from 1967 through 1971. He was also a member of Florida's House of Representatives from 1963 through 1966.

Gong died at the age of 84 in Miami, Florida.

Louis Johnson

Louis Johnson (April 13, 1955 – May 21, 2015) was an American bass guitarist.

Johnson was best known for his group The Brothers Johnson and his session playing on several hit albums of the 1970s and 1980s including the "best selling album of all time" "Thriller".

Johnson died on May 21, 2015 at the age of 60.

Abutment

In engineering, abutment refers to the substructure at the ends of a bridge span or dam. This is where the structure's superstructure rests or contacts. Single-span bridges have abutments at each end. These provide vertical and lateral (side to side) support for the bridge. They also act as retaining walls to resist lateral movement of the earthen fill of the bridge approach. Multi-span bridges require piers to support ends of spans that are not supported by abutments. Dam abutments are generally the natural valley walls. They may also be artificial in order to support arch dams such as Kurobe Dam in Japan.

The term may also refer to the structure supporting one side of an arch, or masonry used to resist the lateral forces of a vault. The word derives from the verb "", meaning to "touch by means of a mutual border".

Corbel

In architecture a corbel or console is a structural piece of stone, wood or metal sticking out from a wall to carry a superincumbent weight. It is a type of bracket. A corbel is a solid piece of material in the wall. A console, by comparison, is a piece applied to the structure. A piece of structural wood projecting in the same way was called a "tassel" or a "bragger" in the UK. The technique of corbelling, where rows of corbels support a projecting wall or parapet, has been used since Neolithic, or New Stone Age, times. 

The word "corbel" comes from Old French and derives from the Latin "corbellus", a diminutive of "corvus" (a raven) which refers to the beak-like appearance. Similarly, the French refer to a bracket-corbel, usually a load-bearing internal feature, as a "corbeau" (a crow).

Turin King List

The Turin King List, also called the Turin Royal Canon, is a list of the kings of Egypt. It was written in Egyptian hieratic script on papyrus. It is thought to date from the rule of Pharaoh Ramesses II. The list is now in the Egyptian Museum in Turin. The papyrus is the most complete list of kings written by the Egyptians. It is the basis working out the dates of kings before the rule of Ramesses II.

The papyrus is believed to have been written in the time of Ramesses II, during the middle of the New Kingdom, or the 19th Dynasty. The beginning and ending of the list are lost. There is no introduction, and the list stops after the 19th Dynasty. It may have been written at any later time, from Ramesses II to as late as the 20th Dynasty.
The papyrus lists the names of rulers, the lengths of their rule in years, with months and days for some kings. In some cases they are grouped together by family. This grouping is almost the same as the dynasties of Manetho’s book. The list includes the names of kings who only ruled for a very short time, or those ruling small areas that may not be in listed in other sources.

The list also is believed to contain kings from the 15th Dynasty, the Hyksos who ruled Lower Egypt and the River Nile delta. The Hyksos rulers do not have cartouches (borders around the name of a king). They do have a hieroglyphic sign to show that they were foreigners.

The papyrus was a tax roll, but on its back is written a list of rulers of Egypt. It includes the mythical kings such as gods, demi-gods, and spirits, as well as human kings. As the papyrus was reused for the tax roll, it shows the list was not of great formal importance to the writer. The list is thought to have been used as an administrative aid. As such, the papyrus is not supposed to be biased against certain rulers and is believed to include all the kings of Egypt up through at least the 19th Dynasty.

The papyrus was found by the Italian traveler Bernardino Drovetti in 1820 at Luxor (Thebes). In 1824 was put in the Egyptian Museum in Turin, Italy, and known as Papyrus Number 1874. When the box in which it had been taken to Italy was unpacked, the list had broken up into small pieces. Jean-Francois Champollion could read only some of the larger pieces which had royal names.

The Saxon researcher Gustav Seyffarth (1796–1885) looked carefully at some of the pieces, some only one square centimeter in size. He made a more complete reconstruction of the papyrus based only on the papyrus fibers, as he could not read the hieratic characters. Later work by the Munich Egyptologist Jens Peter Lauth, largely agreed with Seyffarth's work.

In 1997 Egyptologist Kim Ryholt published a new version of the list in his book, "The Political Situation in Egypt during the Second Intermediate Period c.1800-1550 B.C." Egyptologist Donald Redford has also studied the papyrus and has noted that many of the list’s names match historic monuments and other documents. However there are some differences and not all of the names match. The list may not be completely accurate for pre-Ramesses II chronology.

About 50% of the papyrus is missing. It is 1.7 m long and 0.41 m wide, broken into over 160 pieces. In 2009 new pieces were discovered in the storage room of the Egyptian Museum of Turin, in good condition. A new edition of the papyrus is expected.

The name Hudjefa, is listed twice in the papyrus. The name is now known to have been used by the royal scribes of Ramesses II when the name of a king was unreadable or missing.

The papyrus is divided into eleven columns. The names and positions of several kings are still uncertain as the list is so badly damaged.


This is the list of kings




Terry Sue-Patt

Terence Anthony "Terry" Sue-Patt (29 September 1964 – April/May 2015) was a British actor. He was best known for the role of Benny Green in the BBC television series "Grange Hill" (1978–1982). He also appeared in "Jackanory". He was born in Islington, London to British Jamaican parents.

Sue-Patt was found dead on 22 May 2015 in Walthamstow, London. He was 50 and is believed to have been dead for about a month.

Joaquim Durão

Joaquim Manuel Durão (25 October 1930 – 21 May 2015) was a Portuguese chess player. He was an International Master from 1975 until his death. He was 13 times Portuguese champion, and represented his country in ten Chess Olympiads. He was also president of the Portuguese Chess Federation.

Durão was born in Lisbon. He died on 21 May 2015, aged 84.

Asiatic linsang

The Asiatic linsang ("Prionodon") is a genus with two species, the banded linsang ("Prionodon linsang") and the spotted linsang ("Prionodon pardicolor"). They are native to southeast Asia:

DNA analysis on 29 species showed that "Prionodon" was the sister-group of the family Felidae. So the Asiatic linsangs are put in a family of their own, the Prionodontidae. "Prionodon" is not closely related to the African linsangs, although they look similar, and live a similar life. They are small cat-like carnivores adapted to catching small prey among the trees of a tropical forest. The similarities between the two groups came about by convergent evolution.

"Prionodon" is basal to the Feliformia and a sister taxon of the Felidae.

Donald Wrye

Donald Wrye (September 24, 1934 – May 15, 2015) was an American movie director, screenwriter and producer. He was best known for directing the movie "Ice Castles" (1978). His career began in 1966.

Wrye was born in Riverside, California. He was married to Kathryn Dowling Wrye.

Wrye died in his sleep on May 15, 2015 at his home in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He was 80.

Karnak king list

The Karnak king list, is a list of early Egyptian kings written in stone. It was in the southwest corner of the Festival Hall of Thutmose III. This hall was part of the Karnak Temple Complex, now Luxor, Egypt. It was written during the rule of Thutmose III. It has the names of 61 kings beginning with Sneferu from Egypt's Old Kingdom. Only the names of 39 kings can still be read. One name is not written in a cartouche (a border used around the name of a king). 

It is not a complete list of the Egyptian Pharaohs. This list has the names of kings of the First and Second Intermediate periods, which are left out in most other king lists.

It was first described by James Burton in 1825. In 1843, a German group directed by egyptologist Karl Richard Lepsius was traveling up the River Nile to Karnak. A French adventurer, Émile Prisse d'Avennes, got there first. he pulled down the wall at night and took away the blocks with the lists. He had these blocks sent to France. Severely damaged, it is now on show at the Louvre in Paris.

This list has the name of the Pharaoh followed by the actual one written on the stone. The list is in three sections and is divided at the center. The numbering is from the sides, toward the center.



Reversal of Fortune

Reversal of Fortune is a 1990 drama movie. It was adapted off a 1985 novel. Jeremy Irons plays Claus von Bülow. Glenn Close plays Sunny von Bülow.

The movie is based on the true story of the unexplained coma of socialite Sunny von Bülow. It is about the attempted murder trial and the acquittal of her husband Claus von Bülow.

The movie was released on October 17, 1990 in the United States. Its reviews were mostly positive.


Glamorgan County Cricket Club

Glamorgan County Cricket Club is the only Welsh cricket team to play in the County Championship and the T20 Blast. They play cricket at Sophia Gardens, Cardiff, Wales.

Dangerous Game (movie)

Dangerous Game is a 1993 erotic movie. Harvey Keitel plays Eddie Israel. Madonna plays Sarah Jennings. The movie is about a movie director based in New York City. The director has Sarah Jennings acting in a Hollywood marital-crisis drama movie.

This movie was released on November 19, 1993 in the United States. It got mixed reviews by movie critics. Rotten Tomatoes gave it a score of 29% based on 14 critic's reviews. It was rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA). It contains violence, profanity, sexual situations and nudity.


Aruna Shanbaug

Aruna Ramchandra Shanbaug (1 June 1948 – 18 May 2015) was an Indian nurse who was at the center of attention in a court case on euthanasia after spending 42 years in a coma after being raped and strangled.

Shanbaug was born in 1948 at Haldipur, Uttar Kannada, Karnataka. She worked as a nurse at the King Edward Memorial Hospital (KEM) in Mumbai. At the time of the attack, she was engaged to a doctor at the same hospital.

In 1973, while working as a junior nurse at King Edward Memorial Hospital, Parel, Mumbai, Shanbaug was anally raped then strangled by a ward boy, Sohanlal Bhartha Walmiki. She remained in a vegetative state following the assault.

On 24 January 2011, after she had been in this state for 37 years, the Supreme Court of India responded to the plea for euthanasia filed by Aruna's friend, journalist Pinki Virani, by setting up medical experts to test her.

The court rejected the petition on 7 March 2011. However, in its landmark opinion, it allowed passive euthanasia in India.

Shanbaug died from pneumonia on 18 May 2015 after being in a persistent vegetative state for nearly 42 years.


King of New York

King of New York is a 1990 crime-thriller movie. The movie is about drug trafficking in New York City. Laurence Fishburne plays Jimmy Jump. Wesley Snipes plays Thomas Flanigan. David Caruso plays Dennis Gilley. The movie was directed by Abel Ferrara. The movie was released in September 1990.


The movie premiered at the New York Film Festival. Many members of the audience, including Abel Ferrara's wife, walked from the movie theater. At a second showing of the movie the following day, Larry Fishburne and Nicholas St. John were booed from the stage.

Mark Caro, writing for the "Chicago Tribune" gave the movie only 1/2 star. He said "``King of New York,`` [is] a film more interested in leaving impressions than spinning a smooth narrative". He also said that both the star, Christopher Walken, and the movie "remains just out of grasp". 

Rotten Tomatoes gives the movie a rating of 71%. Roger Ebert gave the movie two stars. Janet Maslin from "New York Times" said the movie was "a chillingly ambiguous portrait of its title character."


Jackie Basehart

John Anthony Carmine Michael "Jackie" Basehart (11 October 1951 – 16 May 2015) was an American-born Italian actor. He was born in Santa Monica, California. Basehart was known for his role as Beri in the 1978 movie "The Inglorious Bastards".

Basehart died at his home in Milan, Italy after suffering from a rare disease, aged 63.

Jackie Brookner

Jackie Brookner (1945 – May 15, 2015) was an American ecological artist, writer, and educator. She worked with ecologists, design professionals, engineers, communities, and policy-makers on water remediation/public art projects for parks, wetlands, rivers, and urban stormwater runoff. 

Brookner died of cancer in her New York City home, aged 69.

Bob Belden

James Robert "Bob" Belden (October 31, 1956 – May 20, 2015) was an American saxophonist, arranger, composer, bandleader and producer. He may be best known for his Grammy Award winning jazz orchestral recording, "The Black Dahlia". Belden was born in Evanston, Illinois.

Belden died of a heart attack on May 20, 2015, at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan, aged 58.

Presidential $1 Coin Program

The Presidential $1 Coin Program is part of an Act of Congress, , which directs the United States Mint to produce $1 coins with portraits of U.S. presidents.

From 2007 to 2011, presidential $1 coins were minted for circulation in large numbers, resulting in a large stockpile of unused $1 coins. Since 2012, new presidential coins have been minted only for collectors.

Dollar coins were issued bearing the likenesses of presidents, as follows:

† — The act specifies that a president must have been deceased for no fewer than two years to be honored in the series. ("See above.") President Carter and Reagan's successors are currently living and therefore do not qualify.


Class action

A class action, class suit, or representative action is a type of lawsuit. One of the parties is a group of people who are represented collectively by one member of that group. 

The class action originated in the United States. It is still mainly a U.S. phenomenon. However, several European countries with civil law have made changes to allow consumer organizations to bring claims on behalf of consumers. 

In 1991 China passed the "Civil Procedure Law" that allows class actions. In Brazil class action suits have been brought against industries, banks. and other organizations. They have been used against environmental damage, product defects and false advertising to name a few. Unlike the US, Brazilian judges award much smaller amounts for damages.

The predecessor of the class action was called a "group litigation". They were used in England from the 13th century. It involved groups of people suing or being sued in a court. Group cases were easier to handle than numbers of individual cases, because of the slow and difficult travelling at that time. Judges travelled round a circuit, and might visit a town only once or twice a year. By the 18th century individual lawsuits became the norm.

Chevrolet Blazer

Chevrolet Blazer (and GMC Jimmy) can refer to one of several SUV models from General Motors:


Znaur Gassiev

Znaur Nikolaevich Gassiev ( "Znauyr Gassity", , ; 17 March 1925 – 6 March 2016) was a South Ossetian politician. He was one of the leaders of the South Ossetian independence movement in the early 1990s. He served as the first President of South Ossetia from 1991 through 1992.

Gassiev died on 6 March 2016 in Tskhinvali. He was aged 90.

Chevrolet S-10 Blazer

The Chevrolet S-10 Blazer and the similar GMC S-15 Jimmy were mid-size SUVs from General Motors. Production began in 1983. The S-10 was produced through 2005. In the United States retail sales after 2004 were limited to two-door Blazer models. All other models were sold to fleets until April 20, 2005. In the Canadian market, four-door models of the Blazer and Jimmy were sold until the 2004 model year. They were sold until the 2005 model year for the two-door models of both.

The S-series SUVs were based on the Chevrolet S-10 and GMC S-15 pickup trucks. In 1995 a second-generation model was produced. It had improvements in performance and interior room. It also had updated styling but did not carry the S-10 name.

They were produced in Pontiac, Michigan; Linden, New Jersey; Moraine, Ohio; Shreveport, Louisiana; and São Paulo, Brazil. Even though production ceased in the U.S., new Blazers are locally produced in Brazil with their own sheet metal stampings). In North America, the Moraine plant produced only 4-door vehicles. Both 2- and 4-door models were produced at Linden, which was the main assembly plant after the switch from Pontiac, Michigan about 1995.

<br>

Majd Izzat al-Chourbaji

Majd Izzat al-Chourbaji (Arabic: مجد عزت الشربجي )(born 1981) is a Syrian peace activist. In 2015, she received the U.S. State Department's International Women of Courage Award, for her work with women and human rights in Syria.

Madj Izzat al-Chourbaji was born in 1981 in the town of Darayya, Syria. When she was six months old, her family went to France because of violence in Syria. They returned to Syria in 1991. In Syria, Majd studied French literature. She received a degree from Damascus University. After college, Majd worked on an anti-corruption program in the Damascus suburbs. 

When the violence from the Arab Spring came to Syria, Majd started sit-ins for the freedom of political prisoners. She went to jail, and was injured by the police. Although Mjad was hurt, she wanted peaceful protest. She started classes on peace and citizenship for the prisoners. Majd persuaded 150 women prisoners to have a hunger strike. She wanted to go to court to get publicity for the women's problems. Finally, she went to court. Majd and 83 prisoners received their freedom, in a prisoner exchange with the Syrian opposition. The Syrian security forces continued to watch Majd, so she went to Lebanon with her three children. 


Twinkle (singer)

Lynn Annette "Twinkle" Ripley (15 July 1948 – 21 May 2015) was a British singer-songwriter. She had chart successes in the 1960s with her best known songs, "Terry" and "Golden Lights". Her niece is actress Fay Ripley. 


Priscilla Pointer

Priscilla Marie Pointer (born May 18, 1924) is an American stage, movie and television character actress. She began her career in the theater. Her daughter is actress Amy Irving. She was known for her roles in "Carrie", "The Onion Field", "Mommie Dearest", "", "", "Blue Velvet" and "Coyote Moon".


Airline food

Airline food is food served to passengers on an airplane. It is usually included in the price of the ticket, except for most low-cost airlines. Some airlines now have a "buy-on-board" menu, in which food and drinks are typically sold. Some airline now offer small snacks, instead of meals. 

Mafia (video game)

Mafia (or Mafia: The City of Lost Heaven) is a Third-person shooter video game about a group of people who are in the mafia gang. It was released In 2002 for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and Microsoft Windows. A sequel to the video game called "Mafia II" was released in 2010.

China men's national volleyball team

China national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of China. The team twice took part in the Summer Olympics, finishing in eighth place at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California., and 5th place in the 2008 Summer Olympics.



Japan men's national volleyball team

Japan national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of Japan. Japan won a team Gold medal in the Olympics 1972. They've won Gold medals seven times in Asian Volleyball Championships. Their head coach is Masashi Nanbu.



Traffic (movie)

Traffic is a 2000 American crime drama movie. It contains three stories of the illegal drug trade, one in Mexico, one in San Diego, one in Ohio. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Helena. Erika Christensen plays Caroline. Dennis Quaid plays Arnie.

"Traffic" got very positive reviews from movie critics. The movie got back over $207 million at the box office. It also earned four Academy Awards, including Best Director and Best Film Editing.


Erika Christensen

Erika Christensen (born August 19, 1982) is an American actress who has acted in many movies and television programs. She played Julia on the NBC family series "Parenthood". She also played Caroline in the movie "Traffic".

She was born in Seattle, Washington.

Nurse Betty

Nurse Betty is a 2000 American black comedy movie. This movie is about a Kansas waitress who has a nervous breakdown after she sees her husband being murdered. Renée Zellweger plays Betty Sizemore. Chris Rock plays Wesley. Morgan Freeman plays Charlie. The movie won Best Screenplay at the Cannes Film Festival in 2000. The movie was rated R "for strong violence, pervasive language and a scene of sexuality". "Nurse Betty" got very positive reviews from critics. Roger Ebert gave it three stars. Metacritic rated gave it a Metascore of 69. It was on September 8, 2000.


Trituberculata

The Trituberculata is an extinct group of mammals in the fossil record from about 215–85 illion years ago (mya). The discoveries were isolated teeth, so not much else can be said about the animals. They were small insectivores, and probably nocturnal. The group contains the ancestors of Placentalia and Marsupialia; all modern mammals except Monotremes are descended from trituberculates.

The name comes from the three tubercles (cusps) of the molar teeth (not to be confused with Triconodonta). The clade Trituberculata is not always regarded as valid. They probably do not form a monophyletic group. Instead, some may be "true" basal mammals (though not always closest related to each other). Others (such as the symmetrodonts) may fall just outside the therian crown group.


Radomir Naumov

Radomir Naumov (; 20 December 1946 – 22 May 2015) was a Serbian politician and engineer. He was the Minister of Mining and Energy from 3 March 2004 until 15 May 2007. He was also Minister of Religion from 15 May 2007 until 7 July 2008.

Naumov was born in Čoka. He graduated from the University of Belgrade. He was married to Marija.

Naumov died after an illness on 22 May 2015 in Belgrade. He was 68.

Barbegal aqueduct and mills

The Barbegal aqueduct and mill is a Roman watermill complex. It is on the territory of the commune of Fontvieille, near the town of Arles in southern France

Aleksey Mozgovoy

Aleksey Borisovich Mozgovoy (, , born "Oleksiy Borisovich Mozhovyj"; 3 April 1975 – 23 May 2015) was a Ukrainian pro-Russian separatist commander in the self-proclaimed Republic of Novorossiya until 20 May 2015. He was leader of the rebel battalion "Prizrak". He was born in Svatove Raion, Voroshilovgrad Oblast.

He and four other people were killed on 23 May 2015 in a car attack in Perevalsk Raion, Luhansk Oblast. He was 40.

Ontario Liberal Party

The Ontario Liberal Party is a provincial political party in Ontario, Canada. The party follows a political ideology that is similar to what the Liberal Party of Canada follows. Despite this, the two parties are two different parties.

The party comes from the Reform movement in the 1830s and 1840s. The party was organized in 1847 by George Brown. It won the 1871 provincial elections and remained in power until the general election of 1905.

Between 2003 and 2018, the Liberals won every election. After the 2018 elections, the Progressive Conservatives took over. They lost almost all their seats in the Legislative Assembly, except for seven seats. Because they only had seven seats, they lost their official party status.

Executive Council of Ontario

The Executive Council of Ontario (which is also called the Cabinet of Ontario) plays an important part in the Goverment of Ontario. It is made up of members of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. The members of the council are appointed by the Lieutenant Governor of Ontario. Each member is usually the head of a government ministry.

Lieutenant Governor of Ontario

The Lieutenant Governor of Ontario is the representative of King Charles III in Ontario. He or she carries out most of the monarch's constitutional and ceremonial duties, such as approving laws. On 23 September 2014, Elizabeth Dowdeswell became Lieutenant Governor.

The lieutenant governors are appointed by the Governor General of Canada, based on the advise of the Prime Minister of Canada.

Médée

Médée is a French opera in three acts. Luigi Cherubini wrote the music. The libretto is by François-Benoît Hoffmann (Nicolas Étienne Framéry). It is based on Euripides' tragedy of Medea and on Pierre Corneille's play "Médée". It was first performed in Paris on 13 March 1797. The Italian version by Carlo Zangarini was performed in Milan on 30 December 1909. The opera is Cherubini's most successful work. It was revived in 1953 for Maria Callas. 




List of political parties in Ontario

The following is a list of political parties in Ontario, Canada.

Parties listed in the order they are alphabetized by Elections Ontario.




Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario

The Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario is a centre-right political party in Ontario, Canada. The party was organized in 1854 by Sir John A. Macdonald and George-Étienne Cartier. It has formed the government of Ontario for 80 of the last 147 years, including the period from 1943 to 1985.

In the 2014 provincial general election, the party won 28 out of 107 seats in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. On July 2, 2014, Jim Wilson was chosen to be the temporary leader of the party and Leader of the Opposition. In the 2018 Ontario general election, they won a full majority of seats under the leadership of Doug Ford.

On March 10, 2018, Doug Ford, former city councillor and the brother of the late former Mayor of Toronto Rob Ford, was chosen as the leader of the PC Party, closely beating runner-up Christine Elliott on the third ballot with 50.6% of allocated points, however Elliot had more votes. Since Ford didn't have a seat in the legislature, Ford opted to have Vic Fedeli continue as Leader of the Opposition prior to the 2018 election.

The Ontario PC Party's 2018 platform was named the Plan For The People.

On June 7, 2018, Ford led the party to a majority government. The PC Party won 76 of 124 seats and 40.5% of the vote.

Ontario Highway 416

Ontario Highway 416 is a provincial highway in Eastern Ontario, Canada. It connects the Trans-Canada Highway (Highway 417) in Ottawa with Highway 401. It runs from south to north. It is .

Highway 416 starts at an interchange with Highway 401 near Johnstown. It continues north through rural areas until it reaches Ottawa near its northern end. It passes through several towns, including Spencerville and Kemptville. The highway ends at an interchange with Highway 417 east of Ottawa.

Ontario Highway 118

Ontario Highway 118 is a provincial highway in Central Ontario, Canada. It is long. It runs from west to east. It starts at Highway 11 near Bracebridge. It ends at Highway 28 near Bancroft. The highway runs through the District Municipality of Muskoka and Haliburton County, with a short part in Hastings County at its eastern end.

Transavia

Transavia is a Dutch and French low-cost carrier. It is currently owned by Air France-KLM. It began on January 3, 1966. It was the third airline founded in the Netherlands. The first scheduled flight happened on October 26, 1986. It has scheduled (planned) and charter (irregular) flights to many destinations in Europe. 

Chevrolet K5 Blazer

The K5 Blazer was the smallest full-size SUV version of the Chevrolet C/K Truck family. It was added to the Chevrolet line in 1969. The full-size Blazer was replaced in 1995 by the Chevrolet Tahoe. In 1970, GMC introduced its own model of the truck, called the Jimmy.The Blazer name was also discontinued in 1994 and replaced by the GMC Yukon. However the Blazer has a re-design in 1992 in which would later become the Tahoe in 1995. Both were based on the short wheelbase trucks. They were available with either rear-wheel drive or four-wheel drive. The K5 Blazer and Jimmy had "full convertible" removable tops until 1975. In 1976, GM introduced a half-cab design that was less prone to leaks. It was slightly safer in a rollover accident. These half cabs also had a removable top section. It started at a few inches behind the driver/passenger doors all the way back to the tailgate.

When it was introduced in 1969, it was available as 4-wheel drive only. In 1970, a two-wheel-drive model was offered. There were four engine choices: the "250 in" straight-6, the "292" straight-6, the "307" V8, and the "350" V8.

The Blazer was designed and marketed to compete with International Harvester Scout and the Ford Bronco. Both of these were originally aimed at the short Jeep CJ series. But all three were much smaller than other trucks. The Blazer was a shortened pickup truck. This gave it increased interior space. It also lowered the cost of production with a shared platform. The Blazer quickly became popular. For the first time, it married the off-road capabilities of the Scout with the "luxury" features like air conditioning and automatic transmissions. At that time were usually available on cars. By 1970, the Blazer was already outselling both of its older rivals. It took Jeep (with the Cherokee) and Dodge (with the Dodge Ramcharger) to introduce similar models. Ford did not have a competing model until 1978 (Ford F-Series pickup). 

The two-wheel drive version came with independent front suspension and rear trailing arms, both with coil springs. The four-wheel drive version had a solid front axle and used leaf springs front and rear. Both versions used drum brakes at all four wheels until 1971. This is when the entire GM light truck line got standard front disc brakes. A tachometer was optional.

There was also a choice between a three-speed automatic transmission Turbo Hydromatic (TH350), a three-speed manual transmission, and a four-speed Synchromesh (SM465) manual transmission. Two transfer cases were offered. The Dana 20 was available only with the manual transmissions. The NP-205 was available with both types of transmissions. The Blazer had of ground clearance and an approach angle of 35°.

In 1973, GM's line of full-size trucks was redesigned and updated. A tilt-steering wheel became optional. Although rear-wheel drive Blazers were manufactured until 1982, the majority sold were four-wheel drive.

Until 1975, the K5 had a removable convertible top. In 1976, a half-cab design was introduced and used until 1991.

The GMT400 platform was introduced in the spring of 1987 as for the 1988 model trucks. However, the K5 Blazer, Suburban, and crew-cab (four-door) trucks kept the earlier platform until 1991. In 1989, the front grille was changed to look like the ones used on the GMT400 series of pickups.

The K5 Blazer was available with a 305ci (1981–1987), 307ci (1973 only), 350ci (1973–1991), or 400ci (1973–1980) small blocks, the 250ci Inline-6 (1973–1984), or the 6.2L Detroit Diesel (1982–1987). Starting in 1981 the NP208 transfer case was used. From 1988 to 1991 the NP241 transfer case was used with some axles. 

The second generation K5 models made the rear hatch glass and tailgate into a single unit. This allowed the glass panel to retract inside the tailgate. It used either a manual handle or an electric motor to raise and lower the glass. For better fuel economy second generation Blazers used the smaller displacement 305 V-8. These engines produced nearly as much torque as the 350 V-8. However, these engines were not as powerful and prone to detonation (engine knocking). After 1987, when throttle-body injection was introduced in the truck engines, the 350 was made the standard engine.

Around 1981, a prototype K5 Blazer was used as a testbed for a military CUCV vehicle. Between 1983 and 1987, what is known as the M1009 CUCV was the production military version of the civilian K5. The differences are the lack of an air conditioner. They had an additional leaf spring in the suspension. Instead of the normal 12 V car battery the military version used a hybrid 12/24 volt system. It also had blackout headlights, front mounted brush guard, a rifle rack and special paint jobs. A majority of them are painted olive drab green or in the woodland camouflage pattern. Some M1009s that saw desert use were painted tan. All M1009s are powered with the 6.2 L Diesel engine. Some decommissioned M1009s end up in law enforcement use (for example with the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department). Some were sold through government auctions. A few are still in use by the National Guard.

TAROM

TAROM is the national airline of Romania. Its main hub is at Otopeni Airport at Bucharest. The government of Romania owns 95% of TAROM. 

TAROM began in 1954. Since Romania was part of the Eastern Bloc, TAROM had to fly mostly airplanes made by the Soviet Union. When the Soviet Union ended in 1991, TAROM was allowed to buy airplanes from other countries. TAROM started flying Airbus planes in 1993. In 2010, TAROM joined SkyTeam. As of 2016, TAROM owns 23 airplanes and goes to 79 cities across Europe, Asia, Africa and North America.

Wheelbase

In both road and rail vehicles, the wheelbase is the distance between the centers of the front and rear wheels.

Because of the effect the wheelbase has on the weight distribution of the vehicle, wheelbase dimensions are very important to the balance and steering. In high performance vehicles a longer wheelbase is more stable at higher speeds. A short wheelbase vehicle is usually able to corner faster but may be less aerodynamic. The wheelbase, along with the track, affects a vehicle's steering angle (how sharply it can turn).

Wheelbase has an effect on a vehicle's turning radius (or turning circle). This is the smallest circle an automobile can turn or U-turn within. A long wheelbase automobile or truck cannot turn as sharply as a short wheelbase vehicle.

If the vehicle is towing a trailer (in British English a caravan) the weight distribution of the trailer is critical. If too much of the trailer's weight, called "tongue weight", presses down on the vehicle's tow hitch (more than 15 percent) it can cause the vehicle to go out of control. Too little tongue weight (less than 10 percent) can cause the trailer to sway from side to side. this in turn can make the vehicle difficult or even impossible to control. The shorter the wheelbase the more quickly these forces can cause a loss of control. A longer wheelbase vehicle is generally more desirable for towing. Each vehicle has a tow rating showing how much weight it can tow safely.
A vehicle's wheelbase is also important to the overall aesthetic appeal of a automobile design. Wheelbase is part of the balance and proportion of an automobile. Some Luxury vehicles are offered with long wheelbases to increase the spaciousness and luxury of the vehicle. This is found most often on full-size cars. In contrast, coupé varieties of the some vehicles such as the Honda Accord are usually built on shorter wheelbases than the sedans they are based on.


Abydos King List

The Abydos King List, also known as the Abydos Table, is a list of 76 kings of Ancient Egypt. It was written on a wall of the Temple of Seti I at Abydos, Egypt. The list has three rows of 38 cartouches (borders around the name of a king) in each row. The upper two rows list the kings, while the third row repeats Seti I's throne name and praenomen.

It lists the Old Kingdom kings in the order in which they ruled. It is the only record of the names of many of the kings of the Seventh and Eighth Dynasties.

This names of some earlier pharaohs who were not seen to be lawful rulers — such as Akhenaten, Hatshepsut, Smenkhkare, Tutankhamen, and Ay, have been left out of the list.



Structural load

Structural loads or actions are forces, deformations, or accelerations applied to a structure or its components. A load is the amount of weight a structure has to carry. Loads cause stresses, deformations, and displacements in structures. Structural analysis is the calculation of the effects of loads on physical structures. Excess load or overloading may cause structural failure. This is a consideration in the design and construction of a structure.

Mechanical structures, such as aircraft, satellites, rockets, space stations, ships and submarines, have their own particular structural loads and actions. In a vehicle, especially trucks, the chassis is designed to carry the structural load. In many cars unibody construction is used where the metal skin (or other materials) is designed to carry the load. 
Gravity on Earth is an attractive force that affects all objects. A gravity load is one that the downward force of gravity affects.

The following are typical loads exerted against most structures:


For aircraft, loading is divided into two major categories: limit loads and ultimate loads. Limit loads are the maximum loads a component or structure may carry safely. Ultimate loads are the limit loads times a factor of 1.5 or the point beyond which the component or structure will fail. Gust loads are determined statistically and are provided by an agency such as the Federal Aviation Administration. Crash loads are loosely bounded by the ability of structures to survive the deceleration of a major ground impact. Other loads that may be critical are pressure loads (for pressurized, high-altitude aircraft) and ground loads. Loads on the ground can be from adverse braking or maneuvering during taxiing. Aircraft are constantly subjected to cyclic loading. These cyclic loads can cause metal fatigue.

Payback (2015)

Payback (2015) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by WWE that was held on May 17, 2015 at Royal Farms Arena in Baltimore, Maryland. It was the third Payback event. The event was free to new subscribers on WWE's monthly subscription service, the WWE Network.

The main event saw Seth Rollins defeat Roman Reigns, Dean Ambrose and Randy Orton in a Fatal 4-Way match to retain the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. Rollins won by pinfall after a Pedigree to Orton.


Argentina men's national volleyball team

Argentina national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of Argentina. The team's best achievements are the 1982 World Championship bronze medal and the bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics.



Spain men's national volleyball team

Spain national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of Spain. On 16 September 2007 the team won the European title. That is the best result reached by the team in his history.



Andrea Anastasi

Andrea Anastasi (born October 8, 1960 in Poggio Rusco, Italy) is a former Italian volleyball player, World Champion 1990, European Championship 1989, World League 1990 and World League 1991, head coach of Polish club Lotos Trefl Gdańsk.


Two for the Road

Two for the Road is a 1967 comedy-drama motion picture. This movie is about a couple who examine their relationship while on a trip to southern France. Audrey Hepburn plays Joanna Wallace. Albert Finney plays Mark.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. 


Bitche

Bitche is a commune in the Lorraine region in northeastern France. About 5,000 people live there.

It is known for its large citadel. The surrounding area is known as le Pays de Bitche ("Land of Bitche") and Bitscherland in German.

<br>

In Cold Blood

In Cold Blood is a 1967 American crime-drama movie. The movie is based on the novel of the same name. It is about Richard Hickock and Perry Smith. In 1959, the two men break into a Kansas home and kill four people. They drive to Las Vegas, then to Mexico. They are later caught by police, tried for the murders, then executed. Robert Blake plays Perry Smith. Scott Wilson plays Richard Hickock.

The movie was released on 14 December 1967. It was officially rated R by the MPAA for violence.


Casino Royale (1967 movie)

Casino Royale is a 1967 spy-comedy movie. The movie is about James Bond being forced from retirement to investigate the deaths and disappearances of international spies. Ursula Andress plays Vesper Lynd. David Niven plays James Bond.

The movie was a financial success. It took in over $41 million worldwide. The reviews for "Casino Royale", were mixed.


Fanny Brice

Fanny Brice (October 29, 1891 – May 29, 1951) was an American singer, comedian, theater and movie actress. She appeared in many Broadway plays. She also appeared on television and radio. On radio, she played Snooks in "The Baby Snooks Show". In the movie "Everybody Sing", she played Olga. 

Brice was born in New York City. She died in Hollywood, California from a cerebral hemorrhage. She was 59.

Stephanie Courtney

Stephanie Courtney (born February 8, 1970) is an American actress and comedian. She acts in television and radio commercials. She played Flo in commercials for Progressive Insurance. She also played Diane on the ABC comedy series "Caveman".

Courtney was born in Stony Point, New York.

Abby Elliott

Abigail "Abby" Elliott (born June 16, 1987) is an American actress and comedian. She does impressions of celebrities on television. She played Jeanette Peterson in "How I Met Your Mother". She also played Taylor in the 2014 remake movie "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles".

Elliott was born in New York City. Her father, Chris Elliott, was on "Saturday Night Live" in 1994–1995. Her grandfather is comedian Bob Elliott.

South Saqqara Stone

The South Saqqara Stone is a large piece of stone. Written on the stone is a list of the pharaohs of the 6th dynasty of ancient Egypt. The list includes Teti, Userkare, Pepi I, Merenre and Pepi II. The list finishes with Pepi II which means it was probably written during his rule. The list is a record of the events which took place during each kings rule. However the stone was used later as the lid of sarcophagus. This was for the burial of the ancient Egyptian queen Ankhenespepi. A lot of the writing can not be read any longer.

The South Saqqara Stone was discovered in 1932-33 by Gustave Jéquier. It was in a storeroom, south of the pyramid of Queen Iput II. This is part of the pyramid complex of Pepi II at Saqqara. Saqqara was the main burial area for the city of Memphis.

The stone is a piece of basalt, 2.43 metres by 0.92 metres and 20 centimetres thick. It has writing on both sides, but much of the writing has been removed and is unreadable. 

The writing on the South Saqqara Stone means it is an important object. The list of pharaohs has details about the annual or biannual cattle count. This matches details in other lists such as the Turin King List. This allows archaeologists to work out how long each king ruled. From the information on the stone it can be worked out that Teti ruled for at least 12 years, Userkare 2-4 years, Pepi I 49-50 years and 11-13 years for Merenre.

The Stone is one of the earliest historical documents in existence. It has the names of all the pharaohs known to the people who made it. 



Heterobranchia

The Heterobranchs are a large group of snails and slugs. The group includes marine, aquatic and terrestrial gastropod molluscs.

Heterobranchia is one of the main clades of gastropods. It has three informal groups: The details are extremely complicated, and not yet quite worked out. Experts say they have "poorly resolved phylogenetic relationships". 


Yoshi's Woolly World

Yoshi's Woolly World (known as Yoshi Wool World in Japan) is a side-scrolling platform video game. It was developed by Good-Feel and published by Nintendo. The game was released on 26 June 2015 in Europe, Fall 2015 in North America, Summer 2015 in Japan, and on 25 June 2015 in Australia. It will be released for the Wii U. "Yoshi's Woolly World" will be the first "Yoshi" video game to be released on a home console since "Yoshi's Story" was release for the Nintendo 64 in 1997.

The game was announced by Nintendo CEO Satoru Iwata on 23 January 2013 under the name "Yarn Yoshi". It supports Amiibo figurines. A new line of Amiibo made out of yarn will be released. Nintendo is planning to release three Yoshi Amiibo in pink, green, and blue.

A stage in "Super Smash Bros. for Wii U" is based on "Yoshi's Woolly World".


Warren Weinstein

Warren Weinstein (July 3, 1941 – January 14, 2015) was an American contractor and economist. He was a director in Pakistan for J.E. Austin Associates.

He was kidnapped by eight al-Qaeda members on August 13, 2011 in Lahore, Pakistan. He was killed in a January 2015 US drone strike on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border. His death was announced by U.S. President Barack Obama at a White House press conference on April 23, 2015.

Adam Yahiye Gadahn

Adam Yahiye Gadahn (, "Ādam Yaḥyā Ghadan"; September 1, 1978 – January 19, 2015) was an American senior operative, cultural interpreter, spokesman and media advisor for the Islamist group al-Qaeda. Since 2004, he had appeared in a number of videos produced by al-Qaeda as "Azzam the American" ('Azzām al-Amrīki, عزام الأمريكي, sometimes transcribed as Ezzam Al-Amerikee). He was born in Oregon.

On April 23, 2015, President Barack Obama announced at a press conference that Gadahn had been killed in a CIA drone strike in Pakistan on January 19, 2015.

The Magnificent Seven

The Magnificent Seven is an American western movie. It was made in 1960. The music composer was Elmer Bernstein. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Original Music Score in 1960.

The movie stars Yul Brynner, Eli Wallach and Steve McQueen. The movie is a western style version of Akira Kurosawa's Japanese-language movie "Seven Samurai", made in 1954. Other actors are Charles Bronson, Robert Vaughn, James Coburn, Brad Dexter, Horst Buchholz and Bing Russell.

A Mexican village keeps on getting raided for food and supplies by a bandit (Eli Wallach) and his gang. The seven are a group of gunfighters hired to protect the village. The movie was made on location in Mexico. One of the towns used for the village is Durango.

In 2013, the movie was picked by the Library of Congress to be kept in the National Film Registry because it is "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". This means the movie will be protected from damage that happens to older film that was used to make movies.


When it was released, the movie did not get many good reviews. Howard Thompson of "The New York Times", said the movie was a "pallid, pretentious and overlong reflection of the Japanese original". He also said: "don't expect anything like the ice-cold suspense, the superb juxtaposition of revealing human vignettes and especially the pile-driver tempo of the first "Seven"."

"Variety" magazine said, "Until the women and children arrive on the scene about two-thirds of the way through, "The Magnificent Seven" is a rip-roaring rootin' tootin' western with lots of bite and tang and old-fashioned abandon. The last third is downhill, a long and cluttered anti-climax in which "The Magnificent Seven" grow slightly too magnificent for comfort."

But one reviewer, Akira Kurosawa, liked the movie so well that he gave the producer, John Sturges, a sword.

Over the years, the movie has become more liked and gets modern praise. Many of the actors became movie stars. They have been seen in other movies and on television. The movie itself also is shown on TV and can be seen on DVD. As of 2015, it has a freshness rating of 93 percent on Rotten Tomatoes. Of movie viewers, 88 percent said they liked it. The film is also ranked 79 on American Film Institute's: AFI's 100 Years... 100 Thrills list.

Thermidorian Reaction

The Thermidorian Reaction was a coup d'état inside the French Revolution. It was against the leaders of the Jacobin Club, who had dominated the Committee of Public Safety. It was triggered by a vote of the National Convention to execute Maximilien Robespierre, Louis Antoine de Saint-Just, and several other leading members of the revolutionary government. This ended the Reign of Terror, the most radical phase of the French Revolution.

The name Thermidorian refers to 9 Thermidor Year II (27 July 1794), the date according to the French Republican Calendar.

A Thermidorian Reaction is a phrase now used when an oppressive regime (government) is overthrown, and replaced by an even more repressive regime.

This term comes from the French Revolution, when the monarchy was overthrown. It was replaced by several forms of government, each more oppressive than the last. One of the regimes renamed the months and renumbered the years because they were too Christian. One of the summer months was called Thermidor. This particular revolution happened in that month, so it was called the Thermidorian Reaction.

Charles W. Buttz

Charles Wilson Buttz (November 16, 1837 – July 20, 1913) was a U.S. Representative for South Carolina.

He was born in Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. He died in Lisbon, North Dakota.

International Harvester Scout

The International Scout was an off-road vehicle which was made by International Harvester from 1960 to 1980. It was one of the earlier SUVs. The Scout was created as a competitor to the Jeep. Remarkably, the Scout went from a basic idea to production in only two years. Like the Jeep it had square utilitarian styling but had cleaner lines. It initially featured a fold-down windshield. The Scout and second generation Scout II were produced in Fort Wayne, Indiana as two-door trucks. They had the options of a half cab pickup or removable hard or soft top.

International Harvester began building trucks and pickups and later in 1907. In 1953 it added a truck-based people carrier, the Travelall. In the late 1950s it began to design a competitor for the two-door Jeep CJ 4x4. The 1961 model year Scout 80 made its debut in late 1960. Scouts began selling so well against Jeep, Ford jumped in with the Bronco and Chevrolet came out with the Blazer.

A concept for its replacement was started in 1964. It was approved for production in mid 1965. The Scout II was introduced in 1971. The basic sheet metal remained the unchanged until production stopped on October 21, 1980. During the 20 year period (1960–1980) 532,674 Scouts were produced. The Scout, introduced as a commercial utility vehicle in 1960, set the stage for future 4-wheel drive recreational vehicles of the '70s, '80s, and '90s.

Scout models include the:

<br>

Ford Bronco

The Ford Bronco was a utility vehicle that was produced from 1966 to 1996. It had five distinct generations. All these vehicles are currently classified as sport utility vehicles (SUV). The Broncos can be divided into two categories: early Broncos (1966–77) and full-size Broncos (1978–96). In 2021, after 25 years away, Ford revived the Bronco name on a new small, retro-styled SUV. 
The Bronco was introduced in 1966. It was a competitor to the small four-wheel drive compact SUVs that included the Jeep CJ-5 and International Harvester Scout. It was built on its own platform. Ford positioned the Bronco between the Jeep and Scout. But it was too small to capture the US market. A major redesign in 1978 moved the Bronco to a larger size. It used a shortened Ford F-Series truck chassis to compete with both the similarly adapted Chevrolet K5 Blazer, as well as the Dodge Ramcharger.

The full-size Broncos and the successor Expedition were produced at Ford's Michigan Truck Plant in Wayne, Michigan.

Marco Andretti

Marco Michael Andretti (born March 13, 1987) is an American race car driver. He drives car #27 for Andretti Autosport in the IndyCar Series. He is a part of the famous Andretti family of race car drivers.

Andretti began racing in the IndyCar Series in 2006. His best season was 2013 at 5th place. he has had 2 wins.


Wallace de Souza

Wallace de Souza (June 26, 1987 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian volleyball player. He plays for Sada Cruzeiro Vôlei and the Brazilian national team. Souza competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where he won the silver medal with Brazil. The Russian team took home the gold medals.

<br>

Volleyball World League

The FIVB Volleyball World League is an international men's volleyball competition held annually. It was created in 1990. It is the longest and richest of all the international events organized by the Fédération Internationale de Volleyball (FIVB). There are millions in prize money and worldwide TV coverage. The 2015 event is the 26th edition with a record 32 teams competing. 


Asian Volleyball Championship

The Asian Volleyball Championship is a sport competition for national volleyball teams. It is organized by the Asian Volleyball Confederation and the Asian volleyball federation. It is held every two years. The first edition for both men and women was held in 1975.


Man in the iron mask

The Man in the iron mask was a prisoner of Louis XIV whose identity is not known. The man was imprisoned from 1669 until his death in 1703. The man was forced to wear a black cloth over his face most of the time; no one saw his face. The prisoner always had the same guardian. Most of the facts that are known are from correspondence, mostly of his guardian with his superiors. When he was first imprisoned, the identity of the man was given as "Eustache Dauger". He is buried in the graveyard of the church Saint-Paul-Saint-Louis in Paris. His tombstone says his name was "Marchiali". Other sources also give the names "Marchioly", or "Marchialy."

The first time this man is mentioned is in a letter Elizabeth Charlotte, Princess Palatine wrote to Sophia of Hanover in 1711. She tells that he had to wear a mask, all the time, but knows nothing about his identity. In a letter of 1698, one of the guardians of the Bastille mentions that an elderly prisoner was being brought to the Bastille, and that this prisoner had to wear a mask. The guardian of the prisoner is Bénigne Dauvergne de Saint-Mars. This person had written many letters to François Michel Le Tellier de Louvois, the minister of war at the time. There was heavy censorship at the time; about 90% of the letters were lost.

On 24th August 1669, a man was imprisoned in Pinerolo. Pinerolo was called Pignerol and was part of France at the time. On 19th August, Louvois announced that this prisoner from Dunkerque was a very important person, but that he had not yet been arrested. The prisoner's name was given as Eustache Dauger. In Pinerolo, he met other important prisoners, such as Nicolas Fouquet or Antoine Nompar de Caumont. Dauger was allowed to talk to Fouquet. At times, Daguer acted as a servant to Fouquet, when Fouquet's servant was ill. In 1678, Fouquet asked for more freedom, and this wish was granted. At Fouquet's death in 1680, a hole was discovered between his cell and that of Caumont. From then onwards, both Fouquet's servant and Dauger were separated from Caumont. Both the man with the iron mask, and the servant of Fouquet were transferred to Exilles, which is only away.

In 1682, the two were separated. Fouquet's servant died in 1687. As Exilles was threatened by war, the man with the iron mask was transferred to the island of Sainte-Marguerite, next to Cannes. At that time, only one other person was imprisoned in Sainte-Marguerite. In September 1698, Dauger was transferred to the Bastille in Paris, where he died in 1703. Each time, the unknown prisoner was transferred this also applied to Saint-Mars, who rose in position. The transfer also applied to the few other prisoners Saint-Mars had to guard.

When he was in public, or with strangers, Dauger had to wear a mask. He also could not contact anyone. When he was transferred, people saw that no one could see his face, hear his voice, or speak to him.

Despite this, people always looked that he felt relatively at ease. He received new washed clothes twice a week, and could ask for any book he wanted. He was allowed to play the lute, and could see a doctor when there was the need to do so. Saint-Mars was given 12 livres a day, for food and drink of this prisoner. The cell that he occupied in Sainte Marguerite cost 5.000 livres to build. In Pinerolo, a special cell was built that had to be entered through three doors. This cell was soundproof, nothing could be heard outside the cell. Saint-Mars was personally responsible for the well-being of the man in the iron mask. There are testimonials that officers had to take off their hat in his presence, and that they were only allowed to put it back on when told to do so.

There are accounts that at the time of his death, the prisoner was about 60 years old. When he was transferred to Exilles in 1687, the prisoner had gray hair.

The man with the iron mask did not wear a mask all the time. It is likely, that he only wore it when he was transferred, so that people could not recognize him. If he had worn the mask all the time, this would have led to infections. In addition, as the prisoner was male, the hair growing in his face needed cutting from time to time. The need for wearing a mask is mentioned only twice: In the document which ordered his transfer to the Bastille, and for the transfer to the island near Cannes.

Voltaire was immured in the Bastille, in 1717. According to him, this prisoner was an older brother of the King. In 1751, he published his work A century of Louis XIV, where he spends a section detailing the story of the man with the iron mask. According to Voltaire, the man was imprisoned in 1661, after the death of Cardinal Mazarin. It is possible that most of what is known today was an invention of Voltaire, who used this man to give an example of how bad an absolute ruler could be.

When he announced the arrival of the prisoner in the very first letter, Louvois gave his name as "Eustache Dauger". Historians have found out that there was a man by that name, who was alive at that time. The full name of this man was Eustache Dauger de Cavoye. According to the records, Eustache was born on 30 August 1637 and was the son of François Dauger, a guard in the service of Cardinal Richelieu. They also found out, that Eustache seems to have been involved in what became known as Affair of the Poisons. This "affair" lasted from 1675 to about 1680. Many noblemen were poisoned, or executed for witchcraft. Eustache fell into disgrace when it became known that he had participated in lavish parties that included black masses, and possibly homosexual sex. In the 1930s, it was revealed that the real Eustache Dauger died in the Prison Saint-Lazaire in Paris. In the 17th century, the prison was an asylum for mentally ill people, run by monks. Many noble families used it to get rid of the "black sheep" of the family. Records show that the man really named Dauger was kept in Saint-Lazaire in Paris at about the same time the false Dauger was kept in Pignerolo. According to Louis-Henri de Loménie de Brienne who was also imprisoned in Saint-Lazaire at the time, the real Eustache Dauger de Cavoye died as a result of heavy drinking in the late 1680s. Historians consider all this proof enough that he was not involved in any way with the man in the mask.

There are several theories, who this prisoner could have been. Some of the more likely ones are given below

Voltaire thought that this man was a twin brother of Louis XIV. According to Voltaire, this man had grown up in a different place than Louis XIV. He said that the man was imprisoned in 1661, a few months after the death of Jules Mazarin. Marcel Pagnol also has this hypothesis.

Another hypothesis is that the prisoner was a illegitimate child of the Queen, Anne of Austria. The father would either be Cardinal Mazarin, or George Villiers, 1. Duke of Buckingham or one of the musketeers. Cardinal Richelieu would have arranged this meeting. This theory is less likely, however, because the child would have had no right to the throne, and imprisoning him would therefore have been no use.

The prisoner might have been the father of Louis XIV. Richelieu would have had a liaison with queen Anne, and both Louis XIV and Louis XIII would have been there to prevent Gaston de Bourbon, duc d’Orléans from becoming king.

The autopsy of Louis XIII found that Louis XIII was unable to father children. Anyone knowing this would know about the origins of Louis XIV, and would be potentially dangerous to him. This theory is that the prisoner was in fact the doctor who had performed the autopsy.

Today, there is no convincing theory that could explain who this man really was. The last person to have known the identity of this prisoner was probably Michel Chamillart, one of the ministers of the government of Louis XIV. Chamillart died in 1723.

Those theories that see the prisoner as part of the family of Louis XIV neglect that there was a lot of social control back then. The birth of a child in the court of the king, or even among nobles was a public event. Several hundred people were present at the birth of Louis XIV. The "secret birth" of a twin brother of Louis is highly unlikely. The amount of social control made it almost impossible that Anne of Austria had an affair. Anne was pregnant several times, which means that her husband, Louis XIII was able to father children. Another fact that speaks against the theory that the prisoner was a relative of the king is that the prisoner had the post of a servant, at times. At the times of Louis XIV, people of noble birth would not become servants.

The theories that see the prisoner as a servant also have their weaknesses: Even though he was imprisoned, he had a comfortable life. A simple servant would have been killed, and no one would have cared about his comfort. Despite this, Louis XIV, the king himself took interest in the well-being of the prisoner.

There are several books and movies about this man. The best known of these are probably the story by Alexandre Dumas called "The Vicomte de Bragelonne" (which is the third volume of his work The Three Musketeers), the story The Twins, by Victor Hugo and The Iron Mask by Marcel Pagnol. Dumas also gives a summary of the theories about the prisoner, which were common at his time.

Marcus Belgrave

Marcus Belgrave (June 12, 1936 – May 24, 2015) was an American jazz trumpet player. He was born in Chester, Pennsylvania, but raised in Detroit, Michigan. He recorded with a variety of famous musicians, bandleaders, and record labels since the 1950s.

Belgrave died on May 24, 2015, in Ann Arbor, Michigan of heart failure, aged 78.

John M. Murphy

John Michael Murphy (August 3, 1926 – May 25, 2015) was an American politician. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New York serving from 1963 through 1981.

Murphy died the age of 88 on May 25, 2015, at a Staten Island hospital.

Les Johnson

Leslie Royston "Les" Johnson AM (2 November 1924 - 26 May 2015) was a former Australian politician and minister. He served as a member of the Australian Parliament representing Hughes serving from 1955 through 1966 and again from 1969 through 1983.

Johnson was made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) in June 1990.

Vicente Aranda

Vicente Aranda Ezquerra (; 9 November 1926 - 26 May 2015), was a Spanish movie director, screenwriter and producer. He was known for directing the 1990 movie "Amantes".

Aranda died at the age of 88 in Madrid.


Mallory Hagan

Mallory Hagan (born December 23, 1988) is an American beauty queen. She was crowned Miss America 2013. Since 1989, each contestant has to choose an issue she cares deeply about to promote. Hagan chose increasing awareness and prevention of child sexual abuse. Along with the crown she won a $50,000 college scholarship.

Hagen is originally from Opelika, Alabama. She came to New York from Alabama when she was 18 years old. She had been competing in beauty contests since age 13. Hagen entered the Miss New York contest in 2010 and 2011. She won in 2012. The last Miss America from New York was Vanessa Williams in 1984. Hagen is the first Miss America from Brooklyn.

With a concern for education, in her first 24 hours as Miss America, Hagan talked with United States Secretary of Education Arne Duncan.

Toghrol Tower

Toghrol Tower (also Toghrul, Tuğrul, or Tughrul Tower is a 12th-century tower in the city of Rey, Iran. The 20 meters tall brick tower is the tomb of Seljuk ruler Tuğrul Beg, who died in Rey in 1063. The tower is kept by Iran's Cultural Heritage Organization.


Cheshmeh-Ali (Shahr-e-Rey)

Cheshmeh-Ali (meaning:Ali's spring) is a natural and swimming spring in Rey, Iran. The spring is located south of Tehran. Cheshmeh-Ali is run from a big rock and flown to south-east. Cheshmeh-Ali dates back 8,000 years ago and is placed under Rey Castle. Inscription of Fath Ali Shah is between Rey Castle and Cheshmeh-Ali from top to down. 


Epstein–Barr virus

The Epstein–Barr virus (EBV), also called human herpesvirus 4 (HHV-4), is one of eight viruses in the herpes family. It is one of the most common viruses in humans.

EBV is best known as the cause of infectious mononucleosis (glandular fever). It is also associated with some forms of cancer, such as Hodgkin's lymphoma, and conditions associated with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). EBV may be associated with a higher risk of certain autoimmune diseases. Some 200,000 cancer cases per year may be caused by (or associated with) EBV. 

Infection with EBV occurs by the transfer by mouth (oral transfer) of saliva and genital secretions. 

Most people become infected with EBV and gain adaptive immunity. In the United States, about half of all five-year-old children and about 90 percent of adults have evidence of previous infection. Infants become susceptible to EBV as soon as maternal antibody protection disappears. Many children become infected with EBV, and these infections usually cause no symptoms or are just mild, brief illnesses of childhood. In the United States and other developed countries, many people are not infected with EBV in their childhood years. When infection with EBV occurs during adolescence, it causes glandular fever 35 to 50 percent of the time.

EBV infects B cells of the immune system and epithelial cells. Once EBV's initial infection is brought under control, non-active EBV stays in the person's B cells for the rest of their life.

Populism

Populism is a name for a kind of political movement. Populists usually try to make a difference between common people and "elites" (meaning usually, top classes of people) . Populists may think of wealthy people or well-educated people as belonging to the class of elites. Populists may also call those who have been working in government for a long time "establishment" and count them as elites too. A theme of populism is that the common people lack certain privileges that the elites have, or that commoners cannot do certain things the elites can do. The populists see themselves on the side of the common people. They want to help the common people get some of the rights and privileges of the elites.

Right-wing populists take some of the values of right-wing parties: 

Left-wing populists share some of the values of left-wing parties:
Left-wing populism is common in Central and South America.


Minesweeper

A minesweeper is a small naval warship designed to sweep the water clear of mines. Minesweepers keep waterways clear for shipping. They are quieter and less magnetic than other ships, so the mines won't explode when being swept.

In Great Britain, naval leaders knew before World War I that sea mines were a threat to the nation's shipping. The real threat was not invasion, but blockade aided by mines. Fishing nets pulled behind boats gave an idea on how to clear mines. The Royal Navy used fishermen and their fishing trawlers to keep the English Channel clear of mines. They were supplied with mine gear, rifles, uniforms and pay as the first minesweepers. 

The dedicated, purpose-built minesweeper first appeared during World War I. By the end of the war, naval mine technology had grown beyond the ability of minesweepers to detect and remove.

Minesweeping made big advances during World War 2. Fighting nations quickly adapted ships to the task of minesweeping. Both Allied and Axis countries made heavy use of minesweepers throughout the war. Underwater mines remained a problem even after the war ended, and minesweepers were still in use after Japan surrendered to the United States.

After World War 2, allied countries worked on new types of minesweepers. The United States Navy used special landing craft (shallow-water boats) to clear shallow harbors in and around North Korea. , the U.S. Navy had four minesweepers in the Persian Gulf.

Asian Championship

An Asian Championship is a top level international sports competition between Asian athletes or sports teams representing their respective countries or professional sports clubs. 


Ben Bishop

Benjamin Bishop III (born November 21, 1986) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender. He played for almost 13 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the St. Louis Blues, Ottawa Senators, Tampa Bay Lightning, Los Angeles Kings, and Dallas Stars. He was nicknamed "Big Ben" because of his height at 6' 7".

Before playing in the NHL, Bishop played parts of 1 season with the Texas Tornado of the North American Hockey League (NAHL) and 3 years of college hockey with the University of Maine Black Bears. With the Tornado, Bishop led them to their second National Championship and Gold Cup and he was named to the first team of the NAHL All-Rookie Team. With the Black Bears, Bishop was named the Rookie of the Month in the months of October 2005 and February 2006. He was also named the Goaltender of the Month by the NCAA's Hockey East conference. He led Maine to the Frozen Four twice. In 2006, they lost in the semi-finals to the University of Wisconsin–Madison and in 2007, they lost to Michigan State University in the semi-finals.

He was drafted 85th overall by the St. Louis Blues in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. On March 11, 2008, Bishop signed a two-year entry-level contract with the Bruins. He began playing for their AHL-affiliate, the Peoria Rivermen.

The Blues called Bishop up on October 19, 2008. On October 24, 2008, Bishop played in his first NHL game, coming off the bench to replace an injured Manny Legace to start the second period. He gave up two goals in a 4–0 loss to the Los Angeles Kings. On February 25, 2011, Bishop recorded his first NHL shutout, stopping 39 shots in a 5–0 win against the Edmonton Oilers.

On February 26, 2012, the Blues traded Bishop to the Ottawa Senators in exchange for a second-round draft pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. On March 6, 2012, Bishop made his Senators debut in a 7–3 win over the Tampa Bay Lightning. During the 2012–13 NHL lockout, Bishop played for the Senators AHL-affiliate, the Binghamton Senators. He was called back up to serve as Craig Anderson's backup after the lockout was over.

On April 3, 2013, the Senators traded Bishop to the Tampa Bay Lightning in exchange for Cory Conacher and a fourth-round draft pick. Bishop signed a two-year, $4.6 million extension with the Lightning on April 15.

On January 19, 2014, Bishop set both a career high and a Tampa Bay franchise record after he made 48 saves in a 7–3 victory over the Carolina Hurricanes.

The Lightning named Bishop the starting goaltender over Anders Lindbäck for the 2013–14 NHL season. Over the season, Bishop recorded a record of 37–14–7 over the 63 games played that season. He recorded a .924 save percentage, a 2.23 goals against average, was ranked fourth in games played, as well as seventh in save percentage and goals against. He posted five shutouts, the second-most in Lightning history, and he set single season records for wins, save percentage and GAA. He recorded the second-most saves in Lightning history, with 1,625. He was nominated for Vezina Trophy and finished third in voting. On April 4, 2015, Bishop recorded his 38th win of the season in a 4–0 shutout win against the Florida Panthers. This beat the Tampa Bay franchise record he set the previous season and was a new personal best.

On April 18, 2015, Bishop made his Stanley Cup Playoffs debut. He earned his recorded his first career playoff win with a 5–1 win over the Detroit Red Wings.

On December 14, 2021, Bishop announced his retirement after dealing with a knee injury for two years. 


Primitive root modulo n

In modular arithmetic, a number g is a primitive root modulo n, if every number m from 1..(n-1) can be expressed in the form of formula_1. As an example, 3 is a primitive root modulo 7:
All the elements formula_8 of the group modulo 7 can be expressed that way. The number 2 is no primitive root modulo 7, because 
and

Alice and Bob

Alice and Bob are placeholder names which are commonly used to talk about problems. It is used in cryptography, game theory and physics. Instead of “A sends B a message” people say “Alice sends Bob a message”. Ron Rivest seems to have used these names first, in publications about the RSA algorithm. This was 1977 and 1978.

The most used names are Alice and Bob. Eve, Mallory, and Trent are used often too, and they have pretty well-defined uses.

Priestly Fraternity of St. Peter

The Priestly Fraternity of St. Peter (Latin: "Fraternitas Sacerdotalis Sancti Petri"; for short: "F.S.S.P.") is a group of Catholic priests and seminarians who want to say the Mass and other sacraments the way they were said before the Second Vatican Council.

According to the laws of the Catholic Church, the F.S.S.P. is a "Clerical Society of Apostolic Life of Pontifical Right". This means that members have to follow the same rules as diocesan clergy and also swear an oath as members of the Society. The Fraternity was established by the Pope, and local bishops are not allowed to tell the Fraternity what to do. Instead, the Pope is in charge of them, through an organization called "Ecclesia Dei". A local bishop is still in charge of the Fraternity's work within his own diocese.

The members of the F.S.S.P. are priests and seminarians who want to express their faith in a specific way. This way is to offer the Mass and other sacraments using the Roman Rite, the way it was before it was changed after the Second Vatican Council. Because of this, the Fraternity uses books of worship from the year 1964, including the Roman Missal, the Roman Breviary, the Pontifical ("Pontificale Romanum"), and the Roman Ritual.

The Fraternity has two purposes: make their priests become holy people, and to send these priests to parishes. They celebrate the sacraments, teach people about Catholicism, give retreats, organize pilgrimages, and provide a full sacramental and cultural life for Catholics who also want to use the liturgy of the 1962 missal. The Fraternity has built its own seminaries to train their own priests to do these things.

The F.S.S.P started with members of the traditional Catholic group, the Society of St. Pius X (S.S.P.X.). In 1988, Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre wanted to make four priests from the S.S.P.X. into bishops. Pope John Paul II did not let him do it, but he did it anyway. The Pope and the Congregation of Bishops said that this was a schismatic act, which meant that the S.S.P.X. was not part of the Catholic Church any more. Twelve priests and several seminarians, led by Father Josef Bisig, did not agree with the decision of Archbishop Lefebvre, and started the F.S.S.P as their own group on July 18, 1988. Father Josef Bisig became the Fraternity's first superior general.

In 2011, the Fraternity had 392 people in it: 228 priests, 10 deacons, and 154 seminarians in 117 dioceses around the world. There are people in the Fraternity from 35 countries. There is also a group of lay members called the Confraternity of Saint Peter with 3,487 people in it.

The person in charge of the F.S.S.P. is called the superior general. The Very Reverend Andrzej Komorowski is the superior general right now. He is helped by the Vicar General and Assistant, the Very Reverend Patrick du Faÿ.

The Fraternity has people all over the world, so people in different parts of the world are split into three districts and two regions:

The Fraternity has two seminaries:
It also runs Ezekiel House, a house for seminarians who have studied for less than one year, in Sydney, Australia.


Twelve Penny Black

Twelve Penny Black is a rare Canada stamp. It was issued in 1851. The 12-pence stamp showed the portrait of Queen Victoria.

In 1851, the Province of Canada issued the stamps of Queen Victoria. For the stamp image, the Queen's portrait by Alfred Edward Chalon (1780–1860) was used. This design is called the "Chalon head". The stamps were printed in New York.

In fine and unused condition, these stamps are very priced. In February 2006, a Twelve Penny Black was sold £116,000.



K.A.A. Gent

Koninklijke Atletiek Associatie Gent, also referred to as just AA Gent is a football club from Ghent, Belgium. It was founded in 1900 and is one of the top clubs in Belgium. Its home ground is the Ghelamco Arena, which has a capacity of 20,000.

Maurice Hayes

Maurice Hayes (8 July 1927 – 23 December 2017) was an Irish politician. He was an independent member of the 21st and 22nd Seanads, nominated as a senator by the Taoiseach. 

Hayes was born in County Down in Northern Ireland. He died at a hospital in Belfast on 23 December 2017 from frontotemporal dementia at the age of 90.

Kenneth Bloomfield

Sir Kenneth Percy Bloomfield (born 15 April 1931) is an Irish politician. He was the former head of the Northern Ireland Civil Service.

He was later a member of the Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains and for a time Northern Ireland Victims Commissioner. In addition to this, he has held a variety of public sector posts in Northern Ireland and elsewhere.

Bloomfield was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland.


Mary Ellen Mark

Mary Ellen Mark (March 20, 1940 – May 25, 2015) was an American photographer. She was known for her photojournalism, portraiture, and advertising photography. 

She photographed people who were "away from mainstream society and toward its more interesting, often troubled fringes".

Mark died of myelodysplastic syndrome in Manhattan, on May 25, 2015, aged 75.


Erik Carlsson

Erik Carlsson, aka ""Carlsson på taket"" ("Carlsson on the roof"), (5 March 1929 – 27 May 2015) was a Swedish rally driver for Saab.

Carlsson was born in Trollhättan. Erik Carlsson married Pat Moss on 3 March 1963 in London. Carlsson died on 27 May 2015, aged 86.

John Gardner (British writer)

John Edmund Gardner (20 November 1926 – 3 August 2007) was an English spy and thriller novelist. He was best known for his James Bond novels, but also for his series of Boysie Oakes books and three continuation novels containing Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's fictional villain, Professor Moriarty.

Gardner went on to write over fifty works of fiction, including fourteen original James Bond novels, and the novel versions of two Bond movie. He died from suspected heart failure on 3 August 2007.


John Gardner (American writer)

John Champlin Gardner Jr. (July 21, 1933 – September 14, 1982) was an American novelist, essayist, literary critic and university professor. He was known for his novel "Grendel", a retelling of the Beowulf myth from the monster's point of view.

Gardner was killed in a motorcycle accident in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, aged 49.







John Gardner

John Gardner may refer to:



John L. Gardner

John Lane Gardner (1793–1869) served in the U.S. Army eventually achieving the rank of brevet Brigadier General after serving in the American Civil War having also served in the War of 1812, the Seminole War and the Mexican–American War before that.


John W. Gardner

John William Gardner, (October 8, 1912 – February 16, 2002) was an American politician. He served as the Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare under President Lyndon Johnson. He was the founder of Common Cause.


Dayton Waller

Dayton Hollis Waller, Jr. (April 2, 1925 – May 26, 2015) was an American farmer and businessman from Shreveport, Louisiana. He was a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. He served a single term with six other at-large members from 1968 until 1972.

Rocky Frisco

Don Roscoe "Rocky" Joseph III (July 26, 1937 - May 26, 2015), professionally known as Rocky Frisco and Rocky Curtiss, was an American musician. He was best known as the longtime pianist for JJ Cale, and for his role in the development of the music style known as the Tulsa Sound.

Aminah Robinson

Aminah Brenda Lynn Robinson (February 18, 1940 – May 22, 2015) was an American artist. Robinson received her formal art training at the Columbus Art School (now the Columbus College of Art and Design). She was known for creating sculptures in Columbus neighborhoods. 

Robinson died on May 22, 2015 from heart failure, aged 75.

Tanith Lee

Tanith Lee (19 September 1947 – 24 May 2015) was a British writer of science fiction, horror, and fantasy. She was the author of over 90 novels and 300 short stories, a children's picture book ("Animal Castle"), and many poems. 

She also wrote two episodes of the BBC science fiction series "Blake's 7". She was the first woman to win the British Fantasy Award best novel award (also known as the August Derleth Award), for her book "Death's Master" (1980).

Lee died peacefully in her sleep after a long illness on 24 May 2015.


Odo Marquard

Odo Marquard (26 February 1928 - 9 May 2015) was a German philosopher.

Marquard was born in Stolp, Farther Pomerania. In 1984 he was awarded the Sigmund Freud Prize by the Deutsche Akademie für Sprache und Dichtung. Marquard died at the age of 87.

General Motors C/K Trucks

The C/K was Chevrolet and GMC's full-size pickup truck. The series was produced from 1960 until 1999 in the United States. In Canada it was produced from 1965 to 1999. South American trucks were made from 1964 through 2001 in Brazil and from 1975 to 1982 in Chile. 

The first Chevrolet pickup truck appeared in 1918. The buyer provided the all-wood cab or got it after an aftermarket supplier added it to the chassis. The same was true for the steel cargo bed. "C" indicated two-wheel drive and "K" indicated four-wheel drive. The aging C/K light-duty pickup truck was replaced with the Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra names in 1999 in the US and Canada. In 2001 in Brazil they were called the Chevrolet Silverado HD and GMC Sierra HD heavy-duty pickup trucks. Until this time the names Silverado and Sierra were used to identify the trim level of the C/K trucks.

Australopithecus deyiremeda

Australopithecus deyiremeda is an extinct hominin which lived about 3.4 million years ago in northern Ethiopia. This was around the same time and place as several previously discovered specimens of "Australopithecus afarensis" were found. They include the well known Lucy.

The discovery was in the Afar Region of Ethiopia about (520 kilometers) northeast of the capital Addis Ababa and north of Hadar, Ethiopia (“Lucy’s” site). 

Teeth in the fossil jaw suggest that the species had a different diet from "A. afarensis".

Yohannes Haile-Selassie, the curator of physical anthropology at the Cleveland Museum of Natural History has said that "The Woranso-Mille study area has thus far yielded more than 120 early hominin fossil specimens dated to between 3.4 and 3.8 million years ago".

Haile-Selassie told the BBC: "We had to look at the detailed anatomy and morphology of the teeth and the upper and lower jaws, and we found major differences. This new species has very robust jaws. In addition, we see this new species had smaller teeth. The canine is really small – smaller than all known hominins we have found in the past". 

This was perhaps one of four different species of early humans that were all alive at the same time.

Cactus Flower

Cactus Flower is a 1969 American comedy movie. Ingrid Bergman plays Stephanie Dickinson. Goldie Hawn plays Toni Simmons. Walter Matthau plays Julian Winston. 

The movie received an Oscar for Goldie Hawn for her performance. It also won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress. It was liked both by the general public and critics.


1001 Nights (TV series)

1001 Nights is a Canadian animated television series developed and produced at Big Bad Boo Studios, based on stories from "One Thousand and One Nights." This is the first time the books of "One Thousand and One Nights" were made into an animated TV series for children.

John Elders

John Elders (18 December 1930 – 3 May 2015) was an English rugby union player. He played with Leicester Tigers between 1953 and 1958, scoring the third most tries in the 1950s for the club with a total of 38. He also captained the club for a number of seasons. From 1972 until 1974, he coached England national rugby union team.

Elders was born in Middlesbrough. In 1981, he moved to Australia but moved back to England in 1981.

Elders died after a long illness on 3 May 2015, aged 84.

Ramelteon

Ramelteon is a medication that can help people sleep. It is used for patients that have trouble falling asleep.

Bharat Raj Upreti

Bharat Raj Upreti (; 8 July 1950 – 24 May 2015) was a Nepalese judge. He was a justice of the Supreme Court of Nepal from 22 January 2009 until his resignation in 2013.

Upreti was born in Sindhupalchowk to a Hindu family. He studied at universities in Nepal and India.
Upreti died on 24 May 2015 in Gyaneshwor, Kathmandu, aged 64. He committed suicide by hanging.

Vézère Valley

The Vézère Valley is known for its prehistoric cave systems, containing numerous cave paintings and hominid remains. They are found in the valley of the Vézère river between the "communes" of Les Eyzies-de-Tayac-Sireuil and Montignac in the Dordogne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

UNESCO designated the systems as a World Heritage Site in 1979. Among the archaeological sites with remarkable caves is Lascaux.

UNESCO description is:



Little Big Man

Little Big Man is a 1970 Western-comedy movie. It is about Native Americans and American pioneers in the 19th century. Also in 19th century, a white male child is raised by the Cheyenne people. Dustin Hoffman plays Jack Crabb. Faye Dunaway plays Louise Pendrake.

The movie got very positive reviews from critics. Roger Ebert gave the movie four stars. It was rated PG-13 by the MPAA.


Cat Chaser

Cat Chaser is a 1989 thriller movie. The movie is about a former American paratrooper who runs a beachfront hotel in Miami. He searches for a woman who saved his life in 1965. Kelly McGillis plays Mary. Charles Durning plays Jiggs.


"Cat Chaser" got mixed reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes rates the movie 40%. "Variety" said: "Despite a fine cast and atmospheric direction by Abel Ferrara, the pic doesn't quite make the grade, though it is certainly worth a look." 

Chances Are

Chances Are is a 1989 American romantic comedy fantasy movie. This movie is about happenings in 1964 and 1987. It is also about reincarnation. Cybill Shepherd plays Corinne Jeffries. Mary Stuart Masterson plays Miranda Jeffries.


Several scenes were filmed in Georgetown, along the mall and other parts of Washington, D.C..

"Chances Are" received positive reviews from movie critics. Rotten Tomatoes gives the movie a 64% rating. The movie got back over $16 million.


Cyborg (movie)

Cyborg is a 1989 martial arts and science fiction movie. The movie is about post-apocalyptic times.


Cannon Films had planned to make a sequel to the 1987 He-Man movie "Masters of the Universe" and a live action version of 'Spider Man'. Both projects were planned to shoot at the same time by Albert Pyun. Cannon, however, was in financial trouble. They had to cancel deals with both Mattel and Marvel Entertainment. Cannon had already spent $2 million on costumes and sets for both movies. They decided to write a new project to recoup the money spent on them. Then Pyun wrote the storyline for "Cyborg" in one weekend. The movie was shot for less than $500,000 and filmed in 23 days. It was shot entirely in Wilmington, North Carolina.

Jackson "Rock" Pinckney, who played one of Fender's pirates, lost his eye during filming when Jean-Claude Van Damme struck his eye with a prop knife. Pinckney sued Van Damme in a North Carolina court and was awarded $485,000.

Violent scenes were removed from the movie to achieve an R rating rather than an X rating. That included a throat slitting and some blood and gore in the village massacre. Also removed was the death of a man Van Damme was fighting.

The movie got negative reviews from movie critics. However, the movie was successful in the box office. It got back over $10 million total.


Sneakers (movie)

Sneakers is a 1992 American crime fiction comedy movie. It stars Robert Redford, Dan Aykroyd, Ben Kingsley, Mary McDonnell, River Phoenix, Sidney Poitier, and David Strathairn. This was the second time Phoenix and Poitier starred together in a movie. The first was "Little Nikita" in 1988.

In 1969, students Martin Brice and Cosmo are hacking into computer networks. They are called "sneakers". They are at college. They are switching money illegally. The police burst in and arrest Cosmo while Martin is out getting pizza. Martin runs away and is a fugitive.

After a number of years, Martin, now called Martin Bishop, is heading a group of security specialists in San Francisco. They are: Donald Crease, a former CIA officer and family man; Darren "Mother" Roskow, who believes in conspiracy theory; Carl Arbogast, a young genius; and Irwin "Whistler" Emery, a blind phone expert.

The National Security Agency knows who Martin really is. They offer to clean his record, but he has to steal a "black box" from a mathematician, Dr. Gunter Janek. Janek made the box for the Russian government. Martin agrees to help. With help from his former girlfriend, Liz, Martin and his team get the box, which is disguised as an answering machine. Whistler, Mother, and Carl discover that the box can break the encryption code of nearly every computer system. Martin says no one can leave the building until they can deliver the box the next day.

Martin gives the box to the NSA officers, but quickly leaves after Crease discovers that Janek was killed the night before. He finds out from a friend named Gregor in the Russian consulate, that the officers were not real agents, and that Janek was working for the NSA.

Fake FBI agents kill Gregor and kidnap Martin. While kidnapped, he again meets Cosmo, who Martin thought had died in prison. While in prison, Cosmo got involved with organized crime, who helped him escape and get wealthy. He wants to use Janek's box to ruin the world economy. He asks Martin to join him. Martin says no, and so Cosmo uses the box to break into the FBI's files to add "Martin Brice" as a known alias to Martin's record. Martin is knocked out and taken back to the city.

Martin calls his team for help. NSA agent Abbott, who wants the box, says Martin has to get it before he can help. By trickery, the team breaks into the building to recover the box. But Cosmo has been tipped off about a possible break-in. Cosmo locks down the building and holds Martin at gunpoint. Again he asks Martin to join him, but Martin refuses and the team escapes.

Back at their offices, Martin's team is met by NSA agents ready to arrest the group. But Martin convinces the NSA how important the secrecy of the box is to their agency. Abbott agrees to clear Martin's record and grant the requests of the rest of his team. After Abbott and the agents leave with the box, Martin shows his team he has ruined it by taking out the main processor.


Lasker and Parkes got the idea for "Sneakers" in 1981, while working on "WarGames". Once Robert Redford agreed to be in the movie, people who wanted to work with him then joined the cast and crew. This included the director, Robinson, who had little interest in the movie before.

"I can't remember having so much fun on a movie," Tobolowsky said in a 2012 anniversary article for the website for "Slate". He first laughed at the script just because of its title. After his agent talked him into reading it, he changed his mind. He then said to his agent, "Now I know what a hundred million dollars at the box office reads like." The rest of the cast and crew also liked working on the movie. Near the end of the shoot Robinson said the only way it could have been better would have been if the lab lost the film, so they would have had to do it all over again.

The movie got mixed reviews when it was released. Writing for the "Los Angeles Times", Kenneth Turan said "Sneakers" is "[a] caper movie with a most pleasant sense of humor," a "twisting plot," and a "witty, hang-loose tone." He also praised the director, who is "surprisingly adept at creating tension at appropriate moments" and "makes good use of the script's air of clever cheerfulness".

Roger Ebert gave the movie two-and-a-half stars out of four, saying it is "a sometimes entertaining movie, but thin."

Vincent Canby, in a negative review for "The New York Times", said the movie looked like it had "just surfaced after being buried alive for 20 years". He said that Redford and Poitier looked and acted too old. He said the plot was "feeble," and that the movie was "jokey without being funny, breathless without creating suspense". He calls the ensemble an "all star gang," but says the "performances are generally quite bad." It currently holds an 81% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 47 reviews with an average rating of 6.8/10.

The movie was a box office success, making over $105.2 million worldwide.


Cyborg

A cyborg (short for "cybernetic organism") is a theoretical or fictional being with both organic and manufactured parts. 

The term was coined in 1960. D.S. Halacy's "Cyborg: evolution of the superman" in 1965 spoke of a "new frontier" that was "not merely space, but more profoundly the relationship between 'inner space' to 'outer space' – a bridge...between mind and matter".

The term cyborg is not the same thing as bionic. It is often applied to an organism that has restored or enhanced abilities, done by some artificial part, by or technology that relies on some sort of feedback. 

While cyborgs are commonly thought of as mammals, they might also conceivably be any kind of organism and the term "cybernetic organism" has been applied loosely to all sorts of things. The term can also apply to micro-organisms which are modified to perform at higher levels than their unmodified counterparts. It is thought that cyborg technology may form a part of humanity's future.

Consenting Adults (movie)

Consenting Adults is a 1992 American mystery crime-thriller movie. This movie is about a composer and his wife living an ordinary suburban life until some new neighbors come along.

Composer Richard Parker and his wife Priscilla live an ordinary suburban life. That is, until they meet their new neighbors, Eddy and Kay Otis. The two couples become friends. Kay's talent for blues singing gets the attention of Richard. Eddy is attracted to Priscilla. However, it becomes clear that Eddy is a scam artist who fakes a neck injury after an auto accident.

The plot takes a nasty turn when Richard sleeps with Kay. Kay turns up bludgeoned to death with a baseball bat the following morning. It is then revealed that Eddy spent the night elsewhere, to establish an airtight alibi. Richard's fingerprints are on the bat. His semen is found in her body. He is then charged with the crime. Making matters worse, Priscilla disowns and divorces Richard due to his infidelity. Eddy soon becomes Priscilla's lover and a substitute father to Richard's child.

Richard finds a ray of hope when he discovers that Kay is alive. Eddy, expecting what Richard intends to do next, murders Kay and slips away.

Priscilla discovers a forgotten plane ticket that Eddy used on the night of the second murder. She realizes Eddy's guilt and worries over what to do about it. Richard raids Eddy's house. Eddy, however, expects this move as well. Priscilla and Richard eventually kill Eddy with the baseball bat.

"Consenting Adults" received negative reviews from movie critics. Rotten Tomatoes gives the movie 27% overall.


Carlito's Way

Carlito's Way is a 1993 crime drama movie set in New York City in 1975. It was directed by Brian De Palma and produced by Martin Bregman. The movie is about Carlito Brigante. He is released from prison and wants to go straight. However, he cannot escape from his past, and gets dragged back into criminal activity. Al Pacino plays Carlito. Penelope Ann Miller plays Carlito's girlfriend Gail. Sean Penn plays Carlito's lawyer Dave Kleinfeld.


This movie was released on November 3, 1993. It got mixed to positive reviews from critics. Its box office intake was over $63 million. The movie was criticized for re-treading old ground, mainly Brian De Palma's earlier works, such as "Scarface" and "The Untouchables". On the "Siskel and Ebert" show, Ebert gave the movie a thumbs up. Siskel gave the movie a thumbs down. Ebert stated in his review the movie was one of De Palma's finest. The movie has a Fresh 79% rating from Rotten Tomatoes.


Tzatziki

Tzatziki or cacık is a yoghurt dip or meze also served widely in the Mediterranean and Middle East. It is basically made from yogurt with chopped-up cucumber or other vegetables. It is excellent to go with the spiced meat dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine.

A common recipe is strained yogurt (usually from sheep or goat milk) mixed with cucumbers, garlic, salt, olive oil, sometimes lemon juice, and dill, mint, or parsley. Tzatziki is almost always served cold.

American occupation zone

The American Zone of Occupation was the southern part of Allied Occupied Germany after the defeat of Nazi Germany in World War II in 1945.

Germany was occupied by the Soviets, the French, the Americans, and the British. Each had an occupation zone. The American Zone of Occupation's first military governor was Dwight Eisenhower, later the President of the United States of America. It remained as an occupied territory from 1945 until 1949. During the aftermath of Germany’s defeat there was some sabotage and murder by the Nazi Operation Werwolf.


Kate Quilton

Kate Quilton is a television presenter best known for her work on food shows like "Food Unwrapped".

Quilton began working in television while still a student. She had jobs with ITV and the BBC. She made programmes for Channel 4 from 2010 until 2014 including the short lived documentary series "Seven Days". She resigned from Channel 4 in 2014 to work full time on "Food Unwrapped". In 2014 Quilton appeared with "Food Unwrapped" co-presenter Jimmy Doherty in "The World's Best Diet", a one-off show.

Grumpy Old Men (movie)

Grumpy Old Men is a 1993 romantic comedy movie. It is about two old men who lead boring, ordinary lives in Wabasha, Minnesota. This was the sixth movie starring both Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau. It was also their first movie together since 1981's "Buddy Buddy". Lemon and Matthau are one of the screen's great comedy teams.

It was followed by a sequel, "Grumpier Old Men".

Lemon and Matthau play neighbors who have been feuding since their childhood. The rivalry started over a high school sweetheart. The two lead similar boring and lonely single lives. They both love the Minnesota winter pastime of ice fishing. They also love competing, arguing, insulting, and pulling cruel practical jokes on each other whenever possible. Then an eccentric artist moves into the neighborhood. She is played by Ann-Margaret. Both men try to capture her attention.


"Grumpy Old Men" was one of the biggest surprise hits of the year at the time of its release. The movie opened on December 25, 1993. It had a weekend gross of $3,874,911. However, its numbers gradually became stronger. It earned a domestic total of $70 million. It got mixed to positive reviews from critics. Roger Ebert said "Matthau and Lemmon are fun to see together." The movie is rated PG-13 for adult themes.


Grumpier Old Men

Grumpier Old Men is a 1995 romance-comedy movie. The movie is about a feud between two old men that has cooled. The movie is the sequel to "Grumpy Old Men".


This movie was released on December 22, 1995. It got negative reviews from critics. Roger Ebert gave the movie two out of four stars. Kevin Thomas from "Los Angeles Times" said the movie was contrived and getting by on the star power of its cast It took in $71 million at the box office, more than its predecessor, "Grumpy Old Men". Grumpier Old Men won the 1996 People's Choice Award for "Favorite Comedy Motion Picture". Like the first movie, "Grumpier Old Men" was rated PG-13.


Armagnac (brandy)

Armagnac (; ) is a kind of brandy produced in the Armagnac region of France. The region lies between the Adour and Garonne rivers in the foothills of the Pyrenees. The area contains of grape-producing vines. It was given an AOC in 1936.

Column stills rather than pot stills are used in the production of Armagnac. It is then aged in oak barrels. Armagnac is the oldest brandy distilled in France. In the past was consumed for its therapeutic benefits. In the 14th century, Prior Vital Du Four, a Cardinal, claimed it had 40 virtues:

Two-wheel drive

Two-wheel drive (2WD) describes vehicles in which, in theory, two wheels receive power from the engine at the same time. Usually the two wheels are on the same axle in the drivetrain. Most vehicles with two-wheel drive are mainly for use on roads and highways. Two-wheel drive cars and trucks are either front- (FWD) or Rear-wheel drive (RWD). This means either the front or the rear axle is the "drive axle" that moves the vehicle forward. When the vehicle begins to accelerate, some of the weight of the vehicle is shifted to the rear giving a rear-wheel drive car or better balance and traction. Two-wheel drive systems are simple and rugged. This is why rear-wheel drive is so popular in police cars and other service vehicles.

Traditional two-wheel drive systems have a differential in the rear axle. This is used for turning the vehicle. If both drive wheels rotated at exactly the same rate, the vehicle would have difficulty going around a corner. In a turn, the outside wheel has to go faster to keep up with the inside wheel (which turns slower). A differential allows one wheel to turn faster under these conditions. This means only one of the two wheels actually has power at any given time. A differential also prevents excessive tire wear. 

Of the two drive types, RWD has more disadvantages. In wet or slippery conditions, having effectively only one drive wheel, the tires are going to slip and lose traction. A FWD (not to be confused with 4WD) vehicle will have better traction, but in snow and icy conditions will not equal a four-wheel drive car or truck.

<br>

Inuinnaqtun

Inuinnaqtun is an Inuit language spoken in northern Canada. It is one of the official languages of Nunavut and the Northwest Territories. These are two of the three territories in Canada. 

Inuinnaqtun is closely related to Inuktitut, but Inuinnaqtun is only written in Latin script (unlike Inuktitut). The number of native speakers is 410.

Cabin (truck)

The cabin or cab of a truck is the inside space in a truck where the driver is seated. Modern long-haul (long distance) trucks cabs usually feature air conditioning, a good sound system, and seats (often air-suspended). Pickup truck cabs have options that can make them as comfortable to drive as a car (coachwork types: coupe, convertible, fastback, hatchback, SUV, limousine, sedan car, station wagon, minivan, and van).

There are usually three types of cabs in pickup trucks:

There are a few possible cab configurations:

1989 (Taylor Swift album)

1989 is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The album was released on October 27, 2014 in the United States. The album debuted at number one in many countries around the world. "1989" was noted to be Swift's first "pop-sounding" album. The album was named after the year Swift was born and contains elements of music from that year.

As of January 2016, six singles have been released. The first four were "Shake It Off", "Blank Space", "Style", and "Bad Blood". The first, second, and fourth singles all reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, while the third single reached number six. The fourth single, "Bad Blood", was also released as a remix featuring American rapper Kendrick Lamar. 

The fifth single, "Wildest Dreams", reached number five on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and, like the previous singles from the album, topped "Billboard"'s Mainstream Top 40 (Pop Songs) airplay chart. The music video for the sixth single, "Out of the Woods", premiered on New Year's Eve 2015 on the annual new-year countdown show, "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest", which was shown on ABC in the United States. This song has so far reached the top twenty on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The last single is "New Romantics", a song from the deluxe edition of "1989". The song was released on February 23, 2016.

The album generally received positive reviews from music critics, and it sold over 1.2 million copies in the United States in its first week. This is the largest first-week sales of any album since 2002. This record was beaten by English singer-songwriter Adele with her 2015 album, "25", which sold over 3 million copies in its first week in November 2015.

Style (Taylor Swift song)

"Style" is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It is the third track from her fifth studio album, "1989". It was released as the third single from the album on February 9, 2015. It reached number six on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. It topped the Mainstream Top 40/Pop Songs chart in the United States. The song contains elements of disco, funk-pop, and pop rock.

Anne Braden

Anne Braden (July 28, 1924 – March 6, 2006) was an American civil rights activist and newspaper journalist. She worked for newspapers in Louisville, Kentucky, Anniston, Alabama and Birmingham, Alabama. She also worked for the civil rights movement.

In 1948, she married Carl Braden. He was a journalist too. They were interested in Henry Wallace's campaign to be President of the United States. Not long after Wallace lost, they left mainstream journalism. After World War II, the labor movement grew less aggressive. It began to break apart into smaller groups. At the same time, civil rights causes heated up.

In the 1940s, some hospitals were racially segregated. Black people were not treated in the same area as white people. In 1950, Anne Braden led a hospital racial integration drive in Kentucky. She wanted to show that such racial segregation was a bad idea. In 1951 she led a group of southern white women organized by the Civil Rights Congress to Mississippi. During that march, she was arrested. They were protesting against the execution of Willie McGee, an African American. He had been convicted of the rape of a white woman, Willette Hawkins.

Anne Braden is probably best known for something that happened in 1954. The Wade family asked the Bradens for help. Andrew Wade was an African American who wanted to buy a house in white suburban Louisville, Kentucky. Because of Jim Crow housing practices, the Wades had been unsuccessful for months to buy a home on their own. The Bradens agreed to buy the house and resell it to the Wades. On May 15, 1954, Andrew Wade and his wife Charlotte spent their first night in their new home. When white neighbors discovered that black people had moved in, they burned a cross in front of the house. They shot out windows. A few days later, a stone was thrown through a window. The milkman would not deliver milk. Someone cancelled their newspaper subscription. White friends began staying in the house to guard against further violence. After a few weeks, the incidents quieted down. However, just after midnight on June 27, 1954 a bomb went off in the house. It was under the room the Wade's two-year-old daughter slept in. Nobody was home at the time.

The Bradens and five other whites were charged with sedition. They were accused of trying to start a race war. They were also accused of blowing up the house themselves to try to overthrow the government of Kentucky. This happened during the time of McCarthyism. Anyone could be accused of being a communist and many were. Carl Braden was said to be a communist troublemaker. He spent eight months in prison. The Supreme Court ruled a year later in a Pennsylvania case. It said sedition was a federal crime, not a state crime. Carl Braden's state conviction was cancelled. The charges were dropped against the other defendants. The Wades moved back to Louisville.

Anne Braden was born in Louisville, Kentucky. She died there at age 81.

Burhan Muhammad

Burhan Muhammad (3 August 1957 – 19 May 2015) was an Indonesian diplomat. From 14 November 2012 until his death, he was the Ambassador to Pakistan. He was born in Yogyakarta.

Muhammad was badly burned and injured in a helicopter crash in Naltar, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan on 8 May 2015. He later died at a hospital in Singapore, aged 57.

Lawrence Oates

Lawrence Edward Grace "Titus" Oates or Captain Lawrence Oates (March 17, 1880 March 17, 1912) was a British cavalry officer and an Antarctic explorer. He died during the Terra Nova Expedition of 1910–13. Oates, who had gangrene and frostbite, walked from his tent into a blizzard. His death is seen as an act of sacrifice. When he knew that his sickness risked the survival of his three crew mates, he chose certain death.

Oates was born in Putney, London, England in 1880. His parents were William and Caroline Oates. His family was rich. They had owned land at Gestingthorpe, Essex, for hundreds of years. His father moved the family there when his children were small. He had an older sister, named Lillian, who married an Irish singer and actor. His uncle was a naturalist and African explorer. Oates studied at Eton College, but he left after less than two years because of poor health. He then attended an army school in Eastbourne.

In 1910, he joined Robert Falcon Scott's expedition to the South Pole. He was chosen because he had worked with horses. He took care of the nineteen ponies that pulled the sleds carrying food for the trip. Scott then picked Oates for the five-man team to travel the last distance to the Pole.

Captain Scott, Captain Oates and 14 others left base camp on November 1,1911. During the trip, some members of the crew were sent back by Scott in teams. On January 4, 1912, only the five-man team with Scott and Oates, were left to walk the last to the Pole.

On January 18, 1912, they reached the Pole. They found that Norwegian explorer, Roald Amundsen and his team, had beaten them to be first to the Pole. Inside the tent was a note from Amundsen saying that he had reached the South Pole on December 14, 1911.

On the way back, Scott's team had many problems: very bad weather, poor food supply, injuries from falls, scurvy and frostbite. On February 17, 1912, Edgar Evans died from a head wound after falling into a deep crack in the ice a few days earlier.

Oates' feet were badly frostbitten. He was getting weak faster than the others. In his diary, Scott wrote on March 5: "Oates' feet are in a wretched condition... The poor soldier is very nearly done." The others did not want to leave him behind. This caused the team to be late getting back. They were running out of food and fuel. On March 15, Oates told his friends that he could not go on. He asked them to just leave him in his sleeping bag, but they said no. He travelled a few more miles that day but got worse that night.

When he woke up the next morning, Oates walked out of the tent into a blizzard and temperatures to his death. Scott wrote in his diary, "We knew that poor Oates was walking to his death, but though we tried to dissuade him, we knew it was the act of a brave man and an English gentleman."

Scott and the other two walked another . Then they were stopped by a fierce blizzard on March 20. Trapped in their tent by the weather and weak, cold and hungry, they died nine days later. Their frozen bodies were found by a search party on November 12, 1912.

Oates' body was never found. Near where they thought he died, the search party left a pile of stones and a cross. These words were left: "Hereabouts died a very gallant gentleman, Captain L. E. G. Oates... In March 1912, returning from the Pole, he walked willingly to his death in a blizzard, to try and save his comrades, beset by hardships."

Oates' reindeer-skin sleeping bag was found. It is now in the museum of the Scott Polar Research Institute in Cambridge, with other items from the expedition.

Scott wrote in his diary that before Oates left the tent and walked to his death, he said "I am just going outside and may be some time."



Pharmacokinetics

Pharmacokinetics is a branch of pharmacology which studies what the body does to a drug. Pharmacokinetics looks at how a substance enters, moves through and exits the body. It relates how the dose delivered affects the concentration within the body. It is closely related to another branch of pharmacology, pharmacodynamics, which describes how a drugs affects the body.

When developing new drugs, it is important to know exactly what happens to the chemical once administered. There are four important parameters of pharmacokinetics, usually known by the acronym ADME: Absorption, Distribution, Metabolism and Excretion. This model was developed in order to simplify perception of the many processes that take place once a drug enters an organism.

Absorption describes the movement of a drug from the dosage form to the site of action, usually the blood.
The bioavailability (F) of the drug is the fraction of the drug being administered that reaches the blood circulation.


Once the drug is in the body, it enters many cells. Cells are surrounded by a protective membrane made of lipid bilayer. For this reason, only lipid soluble, (lipophillic) drugs can enter cells.
Sometimes the substance gets trapped within the lipids of waste products that need excreted, and leave the body without ever being absorbed.
For this reason, there must be a balance between lipophilicity and hydrophilicity of drug molecules.
The acidity of a pharmaceutical compound can also affect absorption. It is important to know how acid or basic the substance is in order for the body to accept it, giving our bodies a biological effect. 

One way to overcome the need to absorb the drug in the stomach (where it can be destroyed by bile), is to inject it in the skin (intradermal), subcutaneously, in the muscle (intramuscular) or directly into the bloodstream (intravenously). 




Other routes include the topical route, where the drug is applied directly to the skin or mucosal surface on which it is intended to act. These drugs are also known as ointments and include eye drops, thrush cream and eczema lotion. Though absorption is slow, there is a high concentration of the substance in this one area, meaning a pharmacological affect at only the site of application is produced.

Nasal spray and inhalers are other routes of admission which bypass the stomach.

Distribution describes how a drug moves about in the body once it has entered blood circulation, and how this movement may decrease the concentration. 

The apparent volume of distribution (Vd) is the apparent volume into which the drug is distributed, expressed in liters (L).

Vd = Dose/Initial plasma concentration

Vd is a hypothetical volume of fluid that will contain the total amount of drug administered to the body. One inside thebody, the drug can move around either by diffusion (soaking through a membrane due to a lower concentration), or by transport in the blood. The body should be considered as being multicompartmental, where drugs can be distributed into plasma (blood) - 8% , interstitial fluid (a liquid that surrounds tissues) - 24%, intracelullar fluid (which surrounds cells) - 65% and also fat.

A lower Vd value infers that the drug is retained within the plasma.

A higher Vd value suggests that the drug is retained in volumes outside of the plasma (i.e. in peripheral tissues).

There are many factors which affect drug distribution, the most important ones are the following:
Metabolism describes how a drug is altered chemically in the body into its metabolite, which may be more or less active. This process usually occurs in the liver, but can also take place in the plasma, lungs, stomach, small intestine, kidney and skin. It contains two phases: phase 1 and phase 2.

Put simply, this process converts lipid soluble drugs to water soluble metabolites.

All drugs that are absorbed from the small intestine are first transported to the liver by the hepatic portal vein, in many cases a large proportion of the drug is then metabolized immediately before the drug enters the systemic circulation. This process is called first pass metabolism.
Some drugs undergo extensive first pass metabolism such that only about 10% of the administered dose enters the circulation: "10% bioavailability".
In the case of some drugs, the metabolism occurs within the gut before even reaching the liver.
Can be zero order or first order:
This is how a drug or its metabolite is removed from the body. Usually this occurs in the kidneys (urine), but can also take place in the biliary system (faeces), gastrointestinal tract (GIT), skin (sweat) and lungs (expired air).
Many of the products of hepatic metabolism are water soluble metabolites of lipid soluble drugs, these enter the systemic circulation and are transported to the kidney where they are eventually excreted in the urine.

Drugs and metabolites that are in free aqueous solution may also be excreted in sweat or expired air. Where the drug or metabolite is not freely water soluble, it is normally excreted into the gut via the bile duct from when it is excreted in the faeces. 

One complication of this route of excretion is the enterohepatic shunt. In this process the drug is excreted into the guy from the bile duct, but is then reabsorbed and transported back to the liver. The consequence of this is that the presence of the drug or metabolite within the body is extended, which, if the metabolite is pharmacologically active, may extend the duration of action of the drug.

Some chemicals, for example lead, accumulate within the tissues.

The actual concentration of drug present within the plasma (bloodstream) following administration is dependent on absorption, distribution, metabolism and excretion. Plasma concentrations of a drug after administration of identical doses either by intravenous injection or orally. Only about half of the dose administered orally actually enters circulation, however the plasma half-life of the drug is approximately 3 hours both orally and via IV.

In most therapeutic circumstances, drugs are not given as a single dose but as multiple doses. This has profound effects on the plasma concentrations achieved. The state of constant maxima and minima is called "steady state". This is the point where rate of drug availability equals rate of elimination, and the optimum therapeutic effect is reached.

1953 British Mount Everest expedition

The British Mount Everest expedition of 1953 was the first expedition that made it to the summit of Mt. Everest. Edmund Hillary, an explorer, and Tenzing Norgay, a Nepalese mountain climber, were the pair who got to the top. It was the ninth attempt to reach the summit. 

The expedition was lead by Colonel John Hunt, who was hired by the Everest organizing committee. The military-style expedition was "bottom heavy" by today's standards. There were tons of equipment hauled by 350 porters to support only ten climbers. Other teams would also try. Finally, on May 29, Hillary and Tenzing made it to the top. They could only stay on the summit for 15 minutes or risk running out of oxygen. They began the long climb back down to the base camp. They arrived exhausted and unable to speak. When Hunt saw them he thought they failed and began arranging for another team to try. But the two gestured that the climb had been a success. Hillary and Norgay became instant heroes.

Reynaldo Rey

Reynaldo Rey (born Harry Reynolds; January 27, 1940 – May 28, 2015) was an American actor, comedian, and television personality. He started his career in 1973. He was best known for roles in the movies "Harlem Nights" (1989), "White Men Can't Jump" (1992), and "Friday" (1995). He also appeared in the television series "227".

Rey was born in Sequoyah County, Oklahoma. He was of African American and Native American ancestry.

Rey died from problems caused by a stroke on May 28, 2015 in Los Angeles, California. He was 75.


Anna Levinson

Anna-Rose Levinson (8 January 1939 – 13 May 2015) was a German zoologist and entomologist. She worked at the Max Planck Institute for Behavioral Physiology from 1971 and the Max Planck Institute for Ornithology from 2004.

Levinson was born in Tel Aviv, Israel and graduated from the University of Jerusalem in 1966. She later moved to Germany, living in Starnberg, Bavaria. She was married to Hermann Levinson until his death in November 2013.

Levinson died on 13 May 2015, aged 76.

Subcompact car

A subcompact car is the American term for an automobile with a class size smaller than a compact car. Usually they are not longer than . They are larger than a microcar. According to the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), a passenger car is classified as subcompact if it has between and of interior volume.

The subcompact group is roughly the same as A-segment and B-segment cars in Europe. They also are similar in size to a city car and supermini in British terminology. In 2012, the New York Times described the differences, saying "today’s small cars actually span three main segments in the global vehicle market". The tiny A-segment cars include the Chevrolet Spark and Smart Fortwo. They’re extremely short and very light. Slightly larger are B-segment cars like the Ford Fiesta and Chevrolet Sonic. The most popular subcompact cars include the Chevrolet Sonic/Aveo and the Ford Fiesta.

Medcezir

Medcezir is an Turkish teenage drama television series based in Istanbul. It was on for 2 seasons between September 13, 2013 and June 12, 2015.

Elias Gleizer

Ilicz Glejzer (4 January 1934 – 16 May 2015), better known as Elias Gleizer, was a Brazilian actor. He started acting in 1959. He was best known for appearing in "O Meu Pé de Laranja Lima" (1980), "Pedra sobre Pedra" (1992), "Sonho Meu" (1994), "Terra Nostra" (1999), "Uga-Uga" (2000), "India – A Love Story" (2009), and "Flor do Caribe" (2013).

Gleizer was born in São Paulo. He was the son of Polish Jewish immigrants. He never married or had children.

Gleizer was hospitalised after a fall on 6 May 2015 in Rio de Janeiro. He later died from heart failure and bronchopneumonia on 16 May, aged 81.

Ali Raymi

Ali Raymi (7 December 1973 – 23 May 2015) was a Yemeni boxer. He was a four division flyweight Boxing World Champion. His professional boxing record was 26-0 (26 KOs), twenty of which happened in the first round versus undefeated fighters. He was a Yemeni amateur champion in 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2007. He was born in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.

Raymi died in an explosion on 23 May 2015 in Sana'a, aged 41.

Sète

Sète is a commune in the Hérault department of France. About 45,000 people live there.

Sète is a port and a seaside resort. It is on the Mediterranean. It has its own culture, traditions, cuisine and dialect. It is the hometown of artists including Paul Valéry, Jean Vilar, Georges Brassens, Gregory Del Piero, Hervé Di Rosa, Manitas de Plata and Robert Combas.

John Watts (Grenadian politician)

Sir John Augustus Fitzroy Watts (1921 or 1922 – 11 May 2015) was a Grenadian dentist and politician. He served as the President of the Senate twice, from 1988 until 1990 and 1995 until 2004. He was also the co-founder of the Grenada National Party.

Watts was born in St. Patrick. He died on 11 May 2015 in St. George's, aged 93.

Humphrey (cat)

Humphrey (c. 1988 – March 2006) was a cat who worked at 10 Downing Street, the home of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He lived there from October 1989 to 13 November 1997. His title was "Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office". 

He first came as a one-year-old stray cat. He served as chief cat for Margaret Thatcher, John Major and Tony Blair. He went into retirement six months after the Blairs moved into Downing Street. He took over for the previous cat, Wilberforce. He was sometimes said to be a real employee at Number 10, by journalists.

Humphrey was found as a stray by a Cabinet Office civil servant. He was named in honour of Sir Humphrey Appleby, a civil servant character on British televsion. After the previous mouser, Wilberforce, had died, the Cabinet Office and Number 10 were in need of a replacement, so Humphrey began his work.

He was often seen posing for pictures in front of the famous Number 10 front door. His main job was catching mice and rats in the maze of Downing Street buildings. The poor quality of the buildings, some of which were built in the 16th century, and the nearby St. James's Park made them a sure place for pests.

In June 1995, Humphrey went missing. Downing Street did not tell the public about this until Sheila Gunn, a writer for "The Times", found out. Gunn had told a member of staff that her own cat had died and they shared about the missing cat. Gunn's story was mentioned on the front page. He was then found in a nearby medical college. He had been taken in as a stray and renamed PC, short for "patrol cat". 

When he came back to Downing Street, Humphrey gave a news report saying: "I have had a wonderful holiday at the Royal Army Medical College, but it is nice to be back and I am looking forward to the new parliamentary session."

Within a week of Tony Blair moving to 10 Downing Street after the May 1997 general election, newspapers said that Humphrey and Cherie Blair, the new Prime Minister's wife, were not getting along. Mrs Blair was said to either be allergic to cats or believed them to be unclean. Sheila Gunn, later said that she was the source of these reports. Her obituary says they were based "on a hunch for which she had no evidence".

At the time, an official for the family said that Humphrey would not be moving out, saying that Number 10 "is Humphrey's home and, as far as the Blairs are concerned, it will remain his home". A photo of Humphrey and Mrs Blair was given to the press. This did not calm fears that the cat would be forced out. Rumours went around that Humphrey was drugged by press secretary Alastair Campbell, before being taken away. 

In November 1997, Humphrey's personal caregiver, Jonathan Rees, who worked for the Prime Minister, wrote a letter saying that the cat should retire to a "stable home environment where he can be looked after properly". While kidney problems were given as the reason for his retirement, many believed that Mrs Blair caused it.

Humphrey moved to his new home with an older couple in the suburbs of London on 13 November 1997. The news of his retirement was not told until the next day, because there was fear that the cat might be kidnapped.

Little was heard about Humphrey over the next few years. Many people though that he had died. 

"The Daily Telegraph" made a "Freedom of Information Act" request for documents about him in early 2005. This led to more information being uncovered about his time at Downing Street. In its March 2005 report about Humphrey, the "Telegraph" sadly said "Where Humphrey is now - or even whether he is still with us - remains a mystery. 'I am not having much luck,' a Cabinet Office spokesman confessed last night. His official minder has not heard from him in seven years." Finally, on 22 July 2005, "The Independent" reported that "the 17-year-old mouser is alive and well and living in south London." 

In March 2006, an official for Tony Blair reported that Humphrey had died the week before. He died at his offical retirement home.


Doris Hart

Doris Hart (June 20, 1925 – May 29, 2015) was an American tennis player. She played singles and doubles and was ranked in the world top ten from 1946 through 1955, becoming World No. 1 during 1951. She won four Australian Championships, ten French Championships, ten Wimbledon titles, and eleven U.S. Championships. In total, she had 35 Grand Slam titles before retiring in 1955.

Hart was born in St. Louis, Missouri. As a child, she suffered from osteomyelitis which left her with an impaired right leg. She also attended the University of Miami. She never married or had children.

Hart died on May 29, 2015 in Coral Gables, Florida. She was 89.


Wabasha, Minnesota

Wabasha is a city in Wabasha County, Minnesota, USA. It is also the county seat.The population was 2,559 in 2020. Wabasha is located in southeastern Minnesota on the Mississippi River. Established in 1830, Wabasha is the oldest town in Minnesota. It is also the oldest continuously occupied city in the upper Mississippi River valley. Wabasha is named after chief Wa-pa-shaw of the Sioux Nation.

Wabasha was the setting of the movies "Grumpy Old Men" and "Grumpier Old Men".

<br>

James Wilson Marshall

James Wilson Marshall (October 8, 1810 – August 10, 1885) was an American carpenter and sawmill worker. He reported finding gold at Coloma on the American River in California on January 24, 1848. This started the California Gold Rush. The mill was owned by John Sutter. Marshall had been hired to help build it. 

On the morning of January 24, 1848 Marshall was fetching water for his new-built water-powered sawmill by the river when he suddenly saw gold flakes in the water. He later said:

Beau Biden

Joseph Robinette "Beau" Biden III (February 3, 1969 – May 30, 2015) was an American politician and attorney. He was the 44th attorney general of Delaware from 2007 to 2015. He was the eldest son of U.S. President Joe Biden and his first wife Neilia Hunter Biden and stepson of U.S. First Lady Jill Biden.

He was born in Wilmington, Delaware to Joe and Neilia Biden. He and his wife, Hallie, had two children: a daughter, Natalie, and a son, Hunter. In 1972, his mother and younger sister, Naomi Christina Biden, were killed in an car accident, in which Beau and his brother Hunter were badly injured.

Biden died from brain cancer on May 30, 2015 in Bethesda, MarylandHe was 46 years old.

L. Tom Perry

Lowell Tom Perry (August 5, 1922 – May 30, 2015) was an American businessman and religious leader. He was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from April 6, 1974 until his death. 

Perry was born in Logan, Utah. He was married twice and had three children. His first wife, Virginia Lee, died from cancer in December 1974. He was married his second wife, Barbara Dayton, from 1976 until his death.

Perry died from thyroid cancer on May 30, 2015 in Salt Lake City, Utah. He was 92.

Annarita Sidoti

Annarita Sidoti (25 July 1970 – 21 May 2015) was an Italian race walker. She was the 1997 world champion. She also won the European Championships twice and the European Indoor Championships once. She competed in the 1992, 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics. She appeared in the 1998 movie "Le complici".

Sidoti was born in Gioiosa Marea, Sicily. She was married and had three children.

Sidoti died from breast cancer on 21 May 2015 in Gioiosa Marea. She was 44.


Bill O'Herlihy

Bill O'Herlihy (26 September 1938 – 25 May 2015) was an Irish television broadcaster and public relations executive. His career began in 1965. He worked for Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ), and was best known for his work on RTÉ Sport. He presented for 10 FIFA World Cups and 10 Summer Olympic Games before retiring in 2014. He also appeared in current affairs programs "Newsbeat" and "7 Days".

O'Herlihy was born in Glasheen, Cork. He was married to Hilary and had two daughters, Jill and Sally. He had an operation in 2007 because of a colon cancer tumour.

O'Herlihy died on 25 May 2015 in Dublin, aged 76.

Ontario New Democratic Party

The Ontario New Democratic Party (ONDP) is a social democratic political party in Ontario, Canada. It is part of the national New Democratic Party. It formed in 1961 when the Ontario section of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation merged with the Ontario Federation of Labour.

The party formed the government in the 1990 Ontario general election. This was the first provincial government formed by the NDP east of Manitoba. However, the party was blamed for a recession that hit Canada and lost the 1995 general election.

The leader of the party since 2009 is Andrea Horwath. After the 2018 election, the NDP became the Official Opposition.

Eastern Ontario

Eastern Ontario is a subregion of Southern Ontario in the Canadian province of Ontario. It is a wedge-shaped area between the Ottawa River and the Saint Lawrence River. Quebec is to the north and the U.S. state of New York is to the east and south. The subregion is sometimes called Southeastern Ontario. According to the Canada 2011 Census, it had a population of 1,603,625. It has an area of .

The following counties are in Eastern Ontario:
Sometimes Hastings County, Prince Edward County, and Northumberland County are also included in Eastern Ontario but usually they are considered part of Central Ontario. Large cities in Eastern Ontario include Ottawa, Cornwall, and Prescott.

French explorers and fur traders were the first Europeans in the subregion. A large number of Franco-Ontarian still live in Eastern Ontario. After the American Revolutionary War, many United Empire Loyalists moved into Eastern Ontario.

Bob Hornery

Robert James "Bob" Hornery (28 May 1931 – 26 May 2015) was an Australian actor. He was known for his appearances on "Neighbours", "Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome", "The Importance of Being Earnest", "Blue Heelers" and "Doctor Who".

Hornery died after a long illness on 26 May 2015, aged 83.

United Counties of Prescott and Russell

The United Counties of Prescott and Russell are two consolidated counties in Ontario, Canada. The county seat is L'Orignal. It was created by a merger between Russell County and Prescott County in 1820. It is in Eastern Ontario.

The county covers an area of . The Alfred Bog is in the county. Many species of birds, plants, and butterflies live in the bog. According to the Canada 2011 Census, Prescott and Russell has a population of 85,381 people. Many Franco-Ontarian people live in Prescott and Russell. Two thirds of the people speak French as their first language.

There are four townships, one town, two municipalities, and one city in Prescott and Russell:

Manitoba Highway 2

Manitoba Highway 2 is a provincial highway in Manitoba, Canada. It is long. It runs from east to west. It starts at the border with Saskatchewan, where it is called Saskatchewan Highway 13. It ends southwest of Winnipeg where it meets Highway 100. It doesn't pass through any major cities. It passes through several rural municipalities, including Oakland-Wawanesa, Glenboro-South Cypress, and Norfolk Treherne.

The highway is the Manitoba part of the Red Coat Trail.

Deaths in June 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in June 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Robert Kraft (astronomer)

Robert Paul "Bob" Kraft (June 16, 1927 – May 26, 2015) was an American astronomer. He performed ground breaking work on Cepheid variables, stellar rotation, novae, and the chemical evolution of the Milky Way. He also served as director of the Lick Observatory (1981–1991), president of the American Astronomical Society (1974–1976), and president of the International Astronomical Union (1997–2000).

Kraft was born in Seattle, Washington. He graduated from the University of Washington and the University of California, Berkeley.

Kraft died on May 26, 2015 in Santa Cruz, California, aged 87.

Julie Harris (costume designer)

Julie Harris (26 March 1921 – 30 May 2015) was a British costume designer. She won an Academy Award for Best Costume Design in 1966 and was nominated for five BAFTAs, winning one in 1967. Her works included "Swiss Family Robinson" (1960), "Psyche 59" (1963), "Darling" (1965), "Help!" (1965), "The Wrong Box" (1966), "Casino Royale" (1967), "The Slipper and the Rose" (1976) and "Candleshoe" (1977). She was born in London.

Harris died after a short illness on 30 May 2015 at a Chelsea, London hospital, aged 94.

Tony McNamara

Tony McNamara (3 October 1929 – 30 May 2015) was an English footballer who played as a midfielder. He played for Everton, Liverpool, Crewe Alexandra, Bury and Runcorn between 1947 and 1960. He was born in Liverpool.

NcNamara died on 30 May 2015 in Liverpool, aged 85.

Bloomingdale Trail

Bloomingdale Trail or also known as 606 (The 606 Park and Trail) is an elevated urban trail in Chicago. It was made by replacing elevated railroad tracks with a path for bicyclists, walkers and runners.

The trail is on Chicago's Northwest Side, at Bloomingdale Ave. (1800N), between Armitage and North. It is 2.7 miles long. It runs east and west. The eastern end is at Walsh Park, on Ashland Avenue (1600W). The park's western end will be at Ridgeway Trailhead (3750W), when Phase 2 is completed. The official opening was on June 6, 2015. In September 2020, the City of Chicago officially renamed the trail from Park 527 to The Bloomingdale Trail. 

The first construction phase of the 606 was completed in 2015. It was developed by the City of Chicago, the city's park district and the Trust for Public Land. The name comes from the first three digits of Chicago's ZIP Code. "In its original state, it was the elevated Bloomingdale [train] Line, completed in 1915 along Bloomingdale Avenue..."

The trail is about 17.5 feet above street level at its highest point. Original retaining walls are on each side. The walls are filled with a subsoil from when the structure was first built. The ballast and railroad ties and trackes were removed in the conversion to a trail. On top of the subsoil are other soil layers. These were re-built as part of the conversion. On top of the soil is an 8-inch layer of concrete. This top layer is 14 feet wide. In the middle is a 10-foot wide section for bicyclists. On either side is a 2-foot shoulder for runners and walkers. Beyond the shoulders are planted areas with grass, trees and lighting. At some places, there are benches A fence or railing of varying height runs along the length of the path. There are 17 ramps and one staircase along the trail.

In 2016, the American Planning Association announced that the trail would win the association's 2016 National Planning Excellence Award for Urban Design.

Since its opening, the trail has had a lot of use by walkers, runners and bicyclists. Local alderman Brian Hopkins the second has advocated extending the trail east across the North Branch of the Chicago River.

The trail has caused the price of houses that are near it to rise. This rise is much greater west of Western Avenue than east of that street. 


Ice fishing

Ice fishing is the practice of catching fish through an opening in the ice on a frozen body of water. The methods include fishing with fishing rods, lines and hooks or spears. Ice fishermen may fish in the open or in heated enclosures called ice shacks. 

Basic ice fishing equipment is fairly simple. A short fishing rod, some bait, hooks and a way to drill or chop a hole in the ice. The right clothing is also important to keep warm on the ice. Or, you could get into highly specialized ice fishing gear. 

An important part of ice fishing in the northern parts of North America is the ice shack (ice house, ice shanty, dark house). These are dragged or towed onto the lake using a vehicle such as a snowmobile, ATV or truck. Most portable ice houses which are often made of anything from light tent-like structures to heavy material that designed to shelter fishermen from cold and wind. They can take many different forms. Some are simple structures that are just a place to get in out of the cold. Others are elaborate expensive shelters, warm and safe enough to withstand any weather. They are also loaded with electronics. 

Modern ice shacks can have equipment like underwater cameras, sonar fish-finders and lake-mapping apps for their smartphones. Some have all the comforts of home such as big-screen TVs, poker tables, king-size beds and stereo systems. They can have refrigerators, fireplaces and bathrooms with hot showers. Many ice fishermen spend weekends in their comfortable ice shack retreats all winter. 

In the northern parts of North America, ice fishing is often a social activity. Some resorts have fish houses that are rented out by the day; often, shuttle service by Snow Track or other vehicles modified to drive on ice is provided. They can appear to a city on the ice where fishing is best. Some even elect a mayor. Most municipalities have requirements to remove ice houses by a certain date before the ice melts.

In Finland, peace and quiet in isolation is often the object of the pastime. In Finland, fish houses are a rare. But wearing a sealed and insulated dry suit designed with space age fabric is not.

Splatoon

Nintendo announced that a series of Splatoon Amiibo figures would be released along with the game, Boy and Girl Inklings are sold separately and a Squid figure is sold only as a bundle with either the game or the two other Amiibos. People who pre-ordered "Splatoon" at GameStop were given a download voucher that gave them Splatoon-themed Mii costumes to use in "Super Smash Bros. For Wii U".

A sequel, "Splatoon 2", was released in 2017. A third entry released in 2022.

"Splatoon" was met with positive reviews. GamesRadar rated the game a 3.5 out of 5 stars. They said that the game was a refreshing take on the shooter genre but criticized some of the features like lobbies and Amibo-locked content. Destructoid rated the game 8.5. Chris Carter of Destructoid, said that "most of (the game's) shortcomings can be forgiven in my mind because of how damn fun it is."

Ice house

An ice house, or icehouse, is a building used to store ice throughout the year before the invention of refrigerators.

During the winter, ice and snow would be cut from lakes or rivers, taken into the ice house, and packed with insulation (often straw or sawdust). It would remain frozen for many months, often until the following winter, and could be used as a source of ice during the summer months. The main application of the ice was the storage of foods, but it could also be used simply to cool drinks, or in the preparation of ice-cream and sorbet desserts. 

In the 19th-century and early-20th-century there was a commercial trade in ice on the east coast of the United States and Norway. Large amounts of natural ice were collected, stored and sold. Later artificial ice was made and sold for domestic consumption and commercial purposes. Ice was cut from the surface of ponds and streams, then stored in ice houses, before being sent on by ship, barge or railroad to its final destination around the world.

1947–1949 Palestine war

The 1948 Palestine War, was a war between the Jews living in the region, the Arabs or Palestinians, and the other states around Israel. The war began in 1947 after the announcement of the end of the British Mandate in Palestine and the separation of the land into two countries of the same size. By the end of the war in 1949, Israel had made bigger its land beyond its given borders. The Arab state created in the UN Partition Plan never came into existence as its two largest parts, the Gaza Strip, a small piece of land south of Palestine on the coast and the West Bank, the region east of Jerusalem and west of the Jordan River, went into the control of Egypt and Jordan. The war continues to be an issue in the Middle East today. For Israelis, it shows the change from the Yishuv (the Jewish group in Palestine) to the state of Israel. Other countries had to deal with the idea of loss and the difficulties of local arguments caused by the creation of a Jewish State in a highly Arab region. Palestinians remember the war as The Nakba ("lit. Catastrophe)".

Beginning in 1881, European Jews began to move to Palestine in large numbers. These new immigrants mainly settled in the region under the banner of Jewish nationalism, known as Zionism. The goal of this nationalist movement was the creation of a Jewish state. Although at first friendly, relations between Arabs in Palestine and Jews from Europe became more bitter as the number of Jews moving grew. 
During World War One, Arabs and Jews were under the rule of the Ottoman Empire. To weaken it Britain and France, began to offer land to peoples in sections of the Empire for launching resistance to the Ottomans. This included offering Palestine to various Arab leaders (including the Husayn family of Saudi Arabia). At the same time, the British offered control of Palestine to a Jewish state that didn't yet exist. Although this action led to nothing, it encouraged greater movement of Jews to Palestine as well as a fear of losing regional control for the Palestinians. In 1936, responding to the growing Jewish population, Palestinian Arabs led an armed revolt against the British and Jews in Palestine. The revolt, led by the mufti and head of the Arab Higher Committee Hajj Amin al-Husayni, was the first large-scale expression of Palestinian nationalism. This situation, two cultures competing against each other for Palestine, continued throughout World War Two. At the end of that conflict, the British Mandate in Palestine was near ending and the peoples of the region wanted a solution to the issue.

In 1947, the British gave the issue of competing peoples within Palestine to the United Nations. The United Nations Special Committee on Palestine was tasked with fixing the issue of violence between the two groups and treating each side with fairness in the giving-out of land. On November 29, 1947, the Partition Plan was announced. Palestine would be divided into separate Jewish and Arab states of roughly equal size. Jerusalem would remain an independent city run by the UN. The British would leave the Mandate of Palestine by May 1948. At first, most of the international community supported the plan (including both the US and USSR) as well as the Yishuv. Palestinian Arabs, as well as the nations of Egypt, Lebanon, Syria, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and Transjordan (now Jordan) argued against the plan and pushed for a new one with an Arab state and a recognized Jewish minority. When that was not accepted, these nations moved for war by raising armies to fight the new state of Israel.

Given its recent status as a state, the Yishuv actually had one of the most well-organized and well-armed military forces in the region. This was under the control of the Haganah, a single state army that would become the Israeli Defense Force in late May 1948. By mid-May, Israel had called up an army of 35,000. As the war continued into July, that number rose to 65,000. At the end of the war, Israel had successfully brought up and armed 96,441 men to fight against the Palestinians and Arab nations. Israel had a developed strategic plan and a simple command system under the leadership of David Ben-Gurion, the minister of defense.
Unlike the Yishuv, the Palestinians had no unified force before the war began in late 1947. There were several paramilitary groups, but no single leader, structure or plan. Al-Husayni and the Arab Higher Committee tried to give the fighters a system. Many disliked his leadership and did not think of the committee as the voice of Palestinians. Al-Husayni created a force known as the Holy War Army made up of new volunteers and paramilitary forces. This army and the other Palestinian fighters lacked modern weapons and supplies. Though al-Husayni pushed the Arab League (a collection of majority Arab nations) for greater support and control to direct the course of the war, the League blocked him.

The nations of the Arab League that joined in the war against Israel were Egypt, Transjordan, Iraq, Lebanon, and Syria (there was a smaller force from Saudi Arabia and Yemen under Egyptian command). Despite having the League to bind them, at the start of the war there was no single League commander. Each country mobilized its own force for its own goals. The final force from the Arab League, the Arab Liberation Army, was a force of 4,000 volunteers from across the Middle East which worked out of Syria. While the nations of the Arab League surrounded Israel, they did so as different countries.

Israel's objectives for the war were originally based on the Haganah's 1946 Plan and run by David Ben-Gurion. The plan called for the rapid build-up of forces to fight against what the army saw as the greatest threat: invasion from the Arab states. By using the 1946 Plan, Ben-Gurion hoped to secure the land given to Israel in the UN Partition Plan. As the war went on, the goals changed slightly with the introduction in March 1948 of Plan Dalet (Plan D). Instead of simply holding the lands given to Israel, the plan now commanded Israel's forces to work remove Arabs from Jewish-controlled land, defend Jewish settlements in Arab Palestine, and to take Arab land at particular positions for a strategic advantage. A possible reason for the change is given by historian David Tal, who points out that it was probably a response to the stiffer resistance from Palestinians and a general desire to put Israeli forces in the most defensible positions. Yet, as Tal also points out, this strategic plan has never been without some controversy, particularly the part of the plan which forced Palestinian movement.

The principal objective for the Palestinians, as expressed by the Arab Higher Committee, was the creation of a single Arab state in Palestine.
While Transjordan outwardly agreed with the rest of the Arab League in creating an Arab state in Palestine, that seems to have not been Transjordan's ultimate goal. According to the records of Transjordan, Abdullah I of Jordan, Transjordan's Hashemite (royal family) monarch, was interested in using the war to put Palestinian Arabs under Jordanian control. This would then put him into a position to seize Syria and create a Greater Syria. This means that Transjordan's objectives were in opposition to those Syria, Lebanon, Egypt, and the Palestinians themselves.

Like Transjordan, both Syria and Egypt supported creating a single Arab state in Palestine. Their reasoning, however, was more about stopping the spread of Jordan, who both nations feared (should Transjordan take the region).

The first part of the conflict pitted the Yishuv's forces against those of the Palestinian's Arab Higher Committee. The civil war began with three days of strikes on November 30, 1947. It then changed into a guerrilla campaign against Jewish supply trucks. In January 1948, the Arab Liberation Army entered Palestine. This caused the Israelis to adapt their plan and to introduce Plan Dalet. On April 5th, the Haganah launched Operation Nahshon, a fifteen-day operation to secure routes to Jerusalem by seizing hills along the main roads. After the success of Operation Nahshon and smaller Jewish offensives, Palestinian resistance began to fall apart.

The second part of the war began with the invasion of Egypt, Iraq, Transjordan, Lebanon, and Syria in May 1948. Each invasion force entered Palestine on their nearest border. Fighting in the West Bank and around Jerusalem dominated this phase of the war. Jewish forces moved into Jerusalem to secure the western section of the city. To shore up this position, Israeli forces also tried to take Latrun, a hill to the north of Jerusalem. This proved unsuccessful. In other areas, the Israelis found greater success. Two Egyptian forces, one moving along the coast and the other across the Negev towards Jerusalem, were stopped. The Iraqi force was pushed back. Though Syrian and Lebanese forces made an advance into Israeli territories, Israelis made counter advances into Syrian and Lebanese territory. Fighting was brought to an end by a UN truce on June 11.
On July 9th, the Israelis launched a new series of operations against the Jordanians in the West Bank. The hope was to end the conflict in this front against what Israelis considered to be the most well-trained and armed Arab army, Transjordan's Arab Legion. The offensives were largely a success and although other Arab nations tried to take advantage of Israel's focus on the West Bank, their advances were small. This phase of the war ended with another truce on July 18, 1948.

With the Jordanians stuck in the West Bank, Israelis launched two more offensives on October 15th. These forced Egyptian forces out of the Negev Desert and pushed back Syrian and Lebanese forces into their own countries. Following these last offensives, the military part of the war ended. It would take until January 7, 1949 for Israel to complete signing treaties with each warring nation.

Through the war, Israel gained a large amount of land. While the original separation lines gave about equal land to Jewish and Arab states, the treaty lines of 1949 gave Israel a much larger state, limiting Arab-controlled land to the small Gaza strip and a smaller West Bank than in 1947. These were not controlled by any Palestinian government. Instead, Egypt controlled the small Gaza Strip while Jordan controlled the West Bank and Eastern Jerusalem. By the end of the war, there were approximately 720,000 refugees living in camps in Syria, Jordan, Lebanon, the West Bank, and the Gaza Strip. Although much of this can be attributed to war-time fear, some historians, like James Gelvin, assert that Israeli policy in Plan Dalet partially contributed to this crisis. The policy, which encouraged Israeli forces to seize Arab property in Jewish territory, made the refugee issue worse. As of 2023, the right of these refugees to return to their former homes or to receive reparations remained uncertain.


Dale D. Myers

Dale Dehaven Myers (January 8, 1922 – May 19, 2015) was an American aerospace engineer for NASA. He served as Deputy Administrator of NASA, serving between October 6, 1986 and May 13, 1989. He was well known for his work on the Apollo program.

Myers was born in Kansas City, Missouri. He graduated from the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington in 1943. He was married to Marge Myers and had two children. He lost his eye in a car accident.

Myers died on May 19, 2015 at his retirement home in La Costa, California. He was 93.

Shone An

An Jun Can (; 20 September 1983 – 1 June 2015), better known as Shone An, was a Taiwanese singer and actor. From 2002 until 2005, he was a member of the mandopop boy band Comic Boyz. He also appeared in many movie, television and theatre productions such as "Case Sensitive" (2011), "Rhapsody of Marriage" (2012) and "Turn Around" (2014). He was also a guest host on "100% Entertainment". He was born in Tainan.

Shone An died from liver cancer on 1 June 2015 in Tainan, aged 31.

Weddell seal

The Weddell seal ("Leptonychotes weddellii") is a seal that is common in Antarctica. It is named after James Weddell, who discovered it. Estimations are that there are half a million to a million of these animals left, which makes it the most common seal in Antarctica, after the Crabeater seal. During the winter, most Weddel seals do not migrate northwards. Instead, they keep open a hole in the ice, by gnawing it with their teeth.

Joan Kirner

Joan Elizabeth Kirner (née Hood; 20 June 1938 – 1 June 2015) was an Australian politician, educator and activist. She was a Labor Party member of the Parliament of Victoria from 1982 to 1994. She was the 42nd Premier of Victoria, serving from 10 August 1990 until 6 October 1992. She was also the 21st Deputy Premier of Victoria from 7 February 1989 until 10 August 1990, and Leader of the Opposition of Victoria from 6 October 1992 until March 1993.

Kirner was born in Essendon, Melbourne. She was married to Ronald George Kirner and had three children.

Kirner died from oesophageal cancer on 1 June 2015 in Melbourne, aged 76.

Sherborne

Sherborne is a market town in northwest Dorset, in South West England. It is on the River Yeo, east of Yeovil. The A30 road, which goes from London to Penzance, runs through the town. 

The population of Sherborne parish was 9,523 in the 2011 census. 28.7% of the population is aged 65 or older.
Sherborne is best known for Sherborne Abbey, a historical building. It was a Saxon cathedral from the years 705–1075. It was a Benedictine abbey from the years 998–1539. Now it is a local church. 

Sherborne also has two castles. One is ruins of a 12th century fortified palace.The second is a 16th century mansion named Sherborne Castle. It was built by Sir Walter Raleigh. Much of the old town is built from ochre-coloured stone. These include the abbey and many medieval and Georgian era buildings.


Rational root theorem

The Rational root theorem (or rational zero theorem) is a proven idea in mathematics. It says that if the coefficients of a polynomial are integers, then one can find all of the possible rational roots by dividing each factor of the constant term by each factor of the leading coefficient. 

Think about this polynomial:
formula_1

All of the possible rational roots are these: ±factors of a / ±factors of a

This only finds the rational roots. There may be irrational or imaginary roots. Other theorems, such as Descartes’ rule of signs, help find how many imaginary roots there are for a given equation. 

Think about this polynomial: 15x + 2x – 10x + x – 8

Factors of the leading coefficient are: 15: ±1,±3,±5,±15

Factors of the constant are: -8: ±1,±2,±4,±8

Possible rational roots are: ±1/1, ±2/1, ±4/1, ±8/1, ±1/3, ±2/3, ±4/3, ±8/3, ±1/5, ±2/5, ±4/5, ±8/5, ±1/15, ±2/15, ±4/15, ±8/15


Yaroslavl

Yaroslavl is a Russian city on the Volga River, the capital and the largest city of Yaroslavl Oblast. It was founded in 1010. It is one of the largest cities in Russia. The city's centre is a World Heritage Site. It is one of the Golden Ring cities, a group of historic cities northeast of Moscow.


Lhasa

Lhasa (; ) is a city in Tibet. It is one of the highest cities in the world. It has many Tibetan Buddhist sites such as the Potala Palace, Jokhang and Norbulingka.

Qingdao

Qingdao is a city in Shandong province, China. It is an important seaport. The Tsingtao Brewery is the country's second largest brewery. It was a German colony between 1898 and 1914.

Nearest-neighbor interpolation

Interpolation is a process which constructs a continuous function from a set of points. In nearest-neighbor interpolation, the idea is to use the value of the data point or measurement which is closest to the current point. The method is also known as proximal interpolation or, point sampling.

Battlefield Hardline

Battlefield Hardline is a first-person shooter video game. It is published by Electronic Arts. It was released in March 2015 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One. Unlike the earlier games in the "Battlefield" series, "Hardline" is about crime, heist and police force, instead of military warfare.

Battlefield Hardline focuses on a different aspect of the first person shooter than the other games in its series while Battlefield 2,3, and 4 focus on the American and Russian military, Battlefield Hardline now focuses on the war on crime in America. The new game now features two different teams with cops and criminals. Both sides now receive guns and gadgets specific to their team. So while the criminal would get an AKM the cops will get a M16A3.

The game features a bunch of new game modes and a bunch of different maps.

A small hillbilly-like town focused around one big house in the middle of the map that is secretly a meth lab.

A big open downtown city of Miami; this map has many open streets and tall skyscrapers.

A big warehouse that has a secret underground marijuana farm that police are trying to seize.

A map representing the average bank which criminals try to rob. The map also consists of a parking garage and a few local stores.

A map that is centered around a swamp and an oil refinery.

A map focused on a big mansion which is on an island surrounded by ocean.

A map focused on a giant mansion which criminals are trying to loot.

A map centered around an apartment complex in a ghetto neighborhood.

The game features 4 classes; operator, mechanic, enforcer and professional. Each are good in their own areas.

A class whose primary weapons are assault rifles and carbines. Its secondary weapons consists of nine millimeter pistols. Its role in the game is as the medic of the team with gadgets like the medic bag to heal hurt teammates and the revive gadgets to bring dead teammates back to life. This class does especially well at medium to short range. The most notable weapons for this class are the M16A3, M416, AKM, and the G17. 

A class whose primary weapons are sub-machine guns. Secondary weapons are revolvers. Its role in the game is to destroy enemy vehicles and heal friendly vehicles. It has gadgets such as the grenade launcher to hurt enemy cars and the repair tool to heal friendly cars. The mechanic works best at close range. The most notable weapons for the mechanic are the K10, MPX, and the .357 RS. 

Bodrum Castle

Bodrum Castle (), formerly the Castle of St. Peter, is located in southwest Turkey in the port city of Bodrum (), was built from 1402 onwards, by the Knights Hospitaller as the "Castle of St. Peter" or "Petronium". The castle was completed in 1522. It was used as a jail in 19th century. There are 5 towers of Bodrum Castle.

The headquarters of the Knights Hospitaller were on the island of Rhodes. In 1402 their fortifications at İzmir fell to the Mongols under Tamerlane. Threatened by an invasion of the Seljuks they built the castle at Bodrum. Its location was the site of a fortification during the Doric Greek period. There was also a small Seljuk castle in the 11th century. The same promontory is also the probable site of the palace of Mausolos. He was the king of Caria. The construction of the castle began in 1404. It was fully fortified by 1460. Bodrum came under its final siege in 1522. At the time it was still strong enough to send men to Rhodes. After Rhodes fell, the castle surrendered.

The Museum of Underwater Archaeology is housed inside the castle. One of its displays is one of the world's oldest ships believed to come from the 6th century. Another is called the glass shipwreck due to the large number of bottles it was carrying.

"Bodream", Jean-Pierre Thiollet, Anagramme Ed., 2010.


Sharsheret (organization)

Sharsheret (Hebrew for “chain") is a national not-for-profit organization. It was created to support young Jewish women with breast cancer, or their families. It was founded by Rochelle Shoretz in 2001. Their headquarter is in Teaneck, New Jersey. 


Nobutaka Machimura

He was Chief Cabinet Secretary in the government of Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda from 2007 to 2008 and twice Minister for Foreign Affairs, in the cabinets of Junichiro Koizumi and Shinzō Abe. He resigned as the Speaker of the House of Representatives on April 21, 2015 after suffering from a stroke.

Machimure died from a cerebral infarction in Tokyo, aged 70.

Monte Irvin

Monford Merrill "Monte" Irvin (February 25, 1919 – January 11, 2016) was a former left fielder and right fielder in the Negro leagues and Major League Baseball (MLB).

He played with the Newark Eagles (1938–42, 46-48), New York Giants (1949–55) and Chicago Cubs (1956). He grew up in New Jersey and was a standout football player at Lincoln University. Irvin left Lincoln to spend several seasons in Negro league baseball. His career was interrupted by military service from 1943 to 1945.

Irvin died at his home in Houston, Texas from natural causes on January 11, 2016 at the age of 96.


Boyd K. Packer

Boyd Kenneth Packer (September 10, 1924 – July 3, 2015) was an American religious leader and former educator. He was the president of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).

Packer was born in Brigham City, Utah. He studied at Utah State University and at Brigham Young University. Packer was married to Donna Smith. They had ten children.

He served as Acting President of the Quorum of the Twelve from 1994 to 2008, and was an apostle and member of the Quorum of the Twelve from April 1970 until his death in July 2015.

Packer has served as a general authority of the church since 1961. Before his death, he was the second most senior apostle among the ranks of the church.

Packer died of natural causes at his home in Cottonwood Heights, Utah, aged 90.


Russell M. Nelson

Russell Marion Nelson (born September 9, 1924) is the 17th and current President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) upon replacing Thomas S. Monson in January 2018. He was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of the LDS Church. He is also a known cardiothoracic surgeon. 

Currently, he is the oldest living apostle in the Church. In July 3, 2015, following the death of President Boyd K. Packer, Nelson became President of the Quorum.

Dallin H. Oaks

Dallin Harris Oaks (born August 12, 1932) is an American attorney, jurist, author, professor, public speaker, and religious leader. Since 1984, he has been a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).

He was president of Brigham Young University (BYU), a professor of law at the University of Chicago Law School and a justice of the Utah Supreme Court. Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, Oaks was considered by Republican U.S. presidential administrations to be part of the United States Supreme Court. Currently, he is the second most senior apostle in the church.

In January 2018, Oaks became President of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles after Russell M. Nelson became President of the LDS Church.


M. Russell Ballard

Melvin Russell Ballard, Jr. (October 8, 1928 – November 12, 2023) was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1985 until his death. In 2018 he became Acting President of the Quorum. As a member of the Quorum of the Twelve, Ballard was accepted by church members as a prophet, seer, and revelator. He was the third most senior apostle among the ranks of the church. Ballard was born in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Ballard died on November 12, 2023 in Salt Lake City at the age of 95.



Robert D. Hales

Robert Dean Hales (August 24, 1932 – October 1, 2017) was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). As a member of the Quorum of the Twelve, Hales was accepted by the church as a prophet, seer, and revelator. He was the seventh most senior apostle among the ranks of the church. He was born in New York City.

Hales died on October 1, 2017 at a hospital in Salt Lake City, Utah at the age of 85.



Richard G. Scott

Richard Gordon Scott (November 7, 1928 – September 22, 2015) was an American nuclear engineer and a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He was the sixth most senior apostle among the ranks of the church.


Teaneck, New Jersey

Teaneck is a township in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. It is a suburb in the New York metropolitan area. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 41,246.

Michael Alfred Peszke

Michael Alfred Peszke (19 December 1932 – 17 May 2015) was a Polish-American psychiatrist and historian of the Polish Armed Forces in World War II. He published several monographs on the Polish Armed Forces in the West between the 1990s and 2010s.

Peszke was born in Dęblin, the son of Alfred Bartłomiej Peszke. After the outbreak of World War II and the Nazi and Soviet invasion of Poland, he and his parents evacuated to France and the United Kingdom. He was also educated in Ireland. He later moved to the United States in the 1950s. He was married to Alice and had two children.

Peszke died on 17 May 2015 in Wakefield, Rhode Island. He was 83.

Tubo-ovarian abscess

A tubo-ovarian abscess is an infection of the female ovary and fallopian tube. It is a pus-filled ovary and Fallopian tube that is filled with infection. This type of abscess is caused by an untreated sexually transmitted disease. It can be a complication after surgery to remove the uterus.

When a woman has this abcess, she has a fever, signs of infection in her blood, severe pain in her pelvic area. She may also have a vaginal discharge. Many different kinds of bacteria can cause tubo-ovarian abscess. Tubo-ovarian abscess is rare in virgins.

The symptoms of tubo-ovarian abscess are the same as pelvic inflammatory disease. The abscess can be seen with x-rays and other medical equipment. The bacteria that cause gonorrhea can cause tubo-ovarian abscess. The microorganism that causes a Chlamidia infection can cause tubo-ovarian abscess. Other bacteria can cause tubo-ovarian abscess Using an IUD for a long time can cause TOA.

The abcess can rupture filling the abdomen with the infection. This is an emergency and a woman can die if this ruptured abscess is not treated quickly. A blood infection can happen if the abscess is not treated. Sometimes an inter uteran device, a form of birth control can cause the abcess.

Some things make a woman more likely to get this disease. These things are: sexual activity, increased age, IUD insertion, chlamydia infection, bacterial infection, sexually transmitted disease. This disease is cured by treatment with medicine that will kill the bacteria that are causing the infection. Some doctors will use intravenous antibiotics for least 24 hours. Some women with this infection have to go to the hospital. Sometimes surgery has to be done. After being in the hospital, medicine can be taken by mouth that will continue to cure the infection. Patients are checked by a doctor three days after being in the hospital. They then get another check up one to two weeks later to make sure that the infection is cured.

Sometimes this infection is complicated. In some cases the ovary and fallopian tubes have to be taken out. Without ovaries or Fallopian tubes a woman may not be able to have a baby. There are other things that can happen during surgery that result in a bad outcome. But this is true for all surgeries.

One million women get tubo-ovarian abscess every year.

Grand Bazaar

The Grand Bazaar (, meaning ‘Grand Bazaar’) in Istanbul, Turkey is one of the largest and oldest covered markets in the world. It has 61 covered streets. There are more than 3,000 shops. As of 2014, there were no official statistics about the number of shops in the Bazaar. But it varies between 3,000 and 4,000. The bazaar attracts between 250,000 and 400,000 visitors daily. In 2013, it is listed as number one among the world's most-visited tourist attractions with 91,250,000 annual visitors.

The bazaar was built in Ottoman times by Mehmet the Conquerer. It was grown by Suleiman the Magnificent. The Grand Bazaar occupies . There were hammams, inns, mosques and fountains in bazaar.
The Grand Bazaar is located inside the walled city of Istanbul. It is in the district of Fatih, in the neighbourhood bearing the same name, "()".

Geraldine Chaplin

Geraldine Leigh Chaplin (born 31 July 1944) is an American-born British actress. She is the daughter of Charlie Chaplin and Oona O'Neill.

She is best known for her 1965 Golden Globe nominated role of Tonya in David Lean's movie, "Doctor Zhivago". She received her second Golden Globe nomination for Robert Altman's "Nashville" in 1975. She also acted in his other movies, "Buffalo Bill and the Indians, or Sitting Bull's History Lesson" in 1976 and "A Wedding" in 1978. 

She received a BAFTA nomination for her role in "Welcome to L.A." in 1976. She played her grandmother, Hannah Chaplin in the movie, "Chaplin" in 1992 and received her third Golden Globe nomination. She has also acted in "The Age of Innocence" in 1993, "Home for the Holidays" in 1995, and "Jane Eyre" in 1996. 

When Chaplin was eight years old, she acted in her father's movie "Limelight". She studied at the Royal Ballet School, in hopes of becoming a ballet dancer. When that did not work out, she became an actress instead.

David Lean chose her to play Tonya, the wife of the leading role, in his movie "Doctor Zhivago". In an interview about the movie, she said "Because of my name, the right doors opened."

In 1967, she acted in a famous play in the Broadway theatre, Lillian Hellman's "The Little Foxes". Her performance was praised in a review in "The New York Times". Cliff Barnes wrote that Chaplin "acts with spirit and force," all the while "acting with a magnificently raw-voiced sincerity" in what was a performance of "surprising power."

Chaplin has also acted in several Spanish and French films. She received a Goya Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in a Spanish-Argentine movie, "In the City Without Limits" in 2001.

In 2018, she starred as Iris in "".

Geraldine Chaplin was born in Santa Monica, California. She was the fourth child of the movie star Charlie Chaplin. She was the first of his eight children with his fourth and last wife, Oona O'Neill. Her grandfather was the Nobel Prize and Pulitzer Prize winning American playwright Eugene O'Neill. When Geraldine was eight years old, the family moved to Switzerland, where she went to school. This is where she learned to speak both French and Spanish. 

In 1978 the Chaplin family were the victims of a plot by kidnappers who had stolen the body of Charlie Chaplin for ransom. Geraldine negotiated with the kidnappers, who threatened to shoot her baby son in the knees.

After living in Spain for over 25 years, Chaplin left in 1992 because of personal difficulties. She moved back to her family home in Vevey, Switzerland. 
She married Patricio Castilla in 2006. She has two children and a godson: She has a home beside the beach in Miami and also spends time living in Madrid and Switzerland.


Santiago del Estero

Santiago del Estero is the capital of the Santiago del Estero Province in northern Argentina. It is at a distance of north-northwest from Buenos Aires.

Francisco de Aguirre founded the city in its present location on 23 December 1553; he named the city "Santiago" after Saint James and "Estero" because it was close to a lagoon near the Dulce river.

The city is along the Dulce river in a region with "esteros" (wetlands). The altitude of the city is above sea level.

Santiago del Estero has an area of and a population of 252,192, in 2010, for a population density of inhabitants/km.

Santiago del Estero has an arid climate, subtype Bsh in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Santiago del Estero is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is June, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Santiago del Estero is . The month with the most precipitation on average is January with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

Some interesting places in San Miguel de Tucumán are:

Santiago del Estero is twinned with:


Nicholas Liverpool

Nicholas Joseph Orville Liverpool (9 September 1934 – 1 June 2015) was a Dominican politician and jurist. He was the sixth President of Dominica, from 2 October 2003 to 17 September 2012.

Liverpool died on 1 June 2015 in Miami, Florida from a heart attack, where he was receiving medical treatment, aged 80.


Lucien Bouchard

Lucien Bouchard (; born December 22, 1938) is a Canadian retired lawyer, diplomat, politician and former Minister of the Environment of the Canadian Federal Government.

He was the founder and the first leader of the Bloc Québécois from 1991 to 1996, Leader of the Opposition in the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 1996, and leader of the Parti Québécois from 1996 to 2001. He served as the 27th Premier of Quebec from January 29, 1996, to March 8, 2001.

He became a central figure for the "Yes" side in the 1995 Quebec referendum, alongside the then Premier of Quebec and leader of the Parti Québécois, Jacques Parizeau, whom he succeeded. He is a recipient of the title of "Commander" of the Légion d'Honneur.

Bouchard was born in Saint-Cœur-de-Marie, Québec. He was the son of Alice (née Simard) and Philippe Bouchard. He studied at Université Laval. Bouchard married Solange Dugas in May 2013.

Winterset, Iowa

Winterset is a city in Madison County, Iowa, United States. The population was 5,353 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Madison County.
Winterset is part of the Des Moines − West Des Moines Metropolitan Statistical Area. Winterset is the birthplace of actor John Wayne.

Stuart Whitman

Stuart Maxwell Whitman (February 1, 1928 – March 16, 2020) was an American actor. He is known for playing Marshall Jim Crown in the television Western "Cimarron Strip", co-starred with John Wayne in "The Comancheros" and received top billing in the extravagant aviation epic "Those Magnificent Men in Their Flying Machines"


Alberto De Martino

Alberto De Martino (12 June 1929 – 2 June 2015) was an Italian movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Rome, Italy. He was known for his movies "O.K. Connery", "Holocaust 2000", and "The Pumaman".


Jean Ritchie

Jean Ritchie (December 8, 1922 – June 1, 2015) was an American folk music singer, songwriter, and Appalachian dulcimer player. Elektra records signed her and released three albums: "Jean Ritchie Sings" (1952), "Songs of Her Kentucky Mountain Family" (1957) and "A Time for Singing" (1962). Ritchie was born in Viper, Kentucky.

Ritchie died in Berea, Kentucky, aged 92.


Irwin Rose

Irwin A. Rose (July 16, 1926 – June 2, 2015) was an American biologist. He was awarded the 2004 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, along with Aaron Ciechanover and Avram Hershko, for the discovery of ubiquitin-mediated protein degradation.

Rose was born in Brooklyn, New York to a Jewish family. He was married to Zelda Budenstein and had four children.

Rose died on June 2, 2015 in Deerfield, Massachusetts, aged 88.

First Dynasty of Egypt

The First Dynasty of ancient Egypt were the first group of Egyptian kings to rule over a united country. It began when Upper and Lower Egypt were joined as a single country, probably by Narmer. It is the beginning of the Early Dynastic Period of Egypt. At this time Thinis was the centre of power.

Historians argue about the dates of the First Dynasty which was part of the Early Bronze Age. They use a number of different ways to decide on the dates for events in Egypt. It began sometime between 3400 and 3000 BC. In 2013 radiocarbon dating showed that Hor-Aha began ruling between 3218–3035 BC.
Known rulers of the First Dynasty:
Information about the First Dynasty comes from monuments and other objects with royal names. The most important are the Narmer palette, the Narmer Macehead and the Den and Qa'a king lists. No details of the dynasty have been found except for brief entry on the Palermo Stone. Manetho's book, "Aegyptiaca" is different to the archeological evidence and other historical records. Manetho names nine rulers of the First Dynasty, but only one name matches the other sources. He only has information for four of them. The hieroglyphs were fully developed and would be used with little change for more than 3000 years.

Large tombs for pharaohs have been found at Abydos and Naqada. There are also cemeteries at Saqqara and Helwan near Memphis. These had buildings of wood and mud bricks, with some small use of stone for walls and floors. Stone was used for making ornaments, vessels, and sometimes for statues. Tamarix – tamarisk, salt cedar was used to build boats such as the Abydos Boats. They invented the ﬁxed Mortise and tenon joint. A ﬁxed tenon was made by shaping the end of one timber to ﬁt into a mortise (hole) that is cut into a second timber. A variation of this joint, using a free tenon, became one of the most important features in Mediterranean and Egyptian shipbuilding. It joined two pieces of wood by putting a separate tenon into a hole (mortise) of the same size cut into each piece.

Human sacrifice was part of the burials for all the pharaohs of the First Dynasty. Servants were buried near each pharaoh's tomb, as well as animals. There are 338 people buried at the tomb of Djer. The people and animals sacrificed, such as donkeys, would help the pharaoh in the afterlife. For unknown reasons, this practice ended with this dynasty. Later burials had shabtis (small figures like dolls) taking the place of actual people.


Manetho

Manetho was an ancient Egyptian historian and priest from Sebennytos. He lived during the Ptolemaic era, in about 300 BC.

Manetho wrote the "Aegyptiaca" ("History of Egypt"). His book is used by Egyptologists to work out the dates for events in ancient Egypt. The earliest reference to Manetho's "Aegyptiaca" is in Jewish historian Josephus's book, "Against Apion".

We do not know what Manetho's name means, some suggestions are "Gift of Thoth", "Beloved of Thoth", "Truth of Thoth", "Beloved of Neith", or "Lover of Neith", "Myinyu-heter" ("Horseherd" or "Groom") and "Ma'ani-Djehuti" ("I have seen Thoth").

We do not know when he was born or died. His book may have been written during the rule of Ptolemy I Soter (323–283 BC) and Ptolemy II Philadelphus (285–246 BC). The "Hibeh Papyri", dated to 241/40 BC, suggests he may been writing during the rule of Ptolemy III Euergetes (246–222 BC). He wrote in the Greek language. Other works he wrote include "Against Herodotus", "The Sacred Book", "On Antiquity and Religion", "On Festivals", "On the Preparation of Kyphi", and the "Digest of Physics". The "Book of Sothis" on astrology, may also be written by him.

He was probably a priest of the sun god Ra at Heliopolis. He knew a lot about the cult of Sarapis based on Osiris and Apis. Sarapis was a Greco-Macedonian version of the Egyptian cult dating back to Alexander the Great. Tacitus and Plutarch wrote that Ptolemy (probably Ptolemy Soter) imported a statue of the god.

The "Aegyptiaca", the "History of Egypt", may have been Manetho's largest work. It was in date order and divided into three volumes. In "Aegyptiaca", he invented the word "dynasty" to mean a group of kings with a common origin. It came from the Greek word "dynasteia", meaning "governmental power". He was the first person to group the rulers into dynasties. He did not use the word to mean families. He began a new dynasty when there was a break or change in the power of government. For example, there was a break between the Fourth Dynasty in Memphis, and the Fifth Dynasty at Elephantine. He included details of many of the kings.

"Aegyptiaca" may have been written as an Egyptian history, to be more accurate than Herodotus' "Histories". Hiis other book, "Against Herodotus", may be just have been a short version of "Aegyptiaca". There are no original copies of either book.

"Aegyptiaca" has not survived as a complete book. It is very possible that what has been kept was rewritten by other writers to support their Egyptian, Jewish, or Greek histories. This makes it difficult for modern historians to know how reliable it is as a history.

The earliest mention of Manetho is in Josephus' "Contra Apionem" ("Against Apion"). This was written nearly 400 years after "Aegyptiaca". It is clear that Josephus did not have the original of Manethos' book. At about the same time, a short version, the Epitome, of the book was being used. This kept Manetho's brief list of dynasties and a some parts that were seen as important. For example, it had that the first Dynasty, Menes, "was snatched and killed by a hippopotamus". It is not known if any of the short version is Manetho's original writing. Copies were written by Sextus Julius Africanus and Eusebius of Caesarea. Eusebius's copy was used by Jerome in his Latin translation, an Armenian translation, and by George Syncellus. Syncellus saw that the copies by Eusebius and Africanus were almost the same, so he placed them side by side in his work, "Ecloga Chronographica".

These last four copies are the only copies of the epitome of Manetho. Other sections are in Malalas's "Chronographia" and "Excerpta Latina Barbari" ("Excerpts in Bad Latin").

Manetho used lists of kings to provide a structure for his history. Josephus wrote that Manetho also used stories, myths and legends for his book. This was common among historians of that time. He must have known the Greek work of Herodotus. He tried to link Egyptian history with Greek history. For example, he links King Memnon with Amenophis, and Armesis with Danaos). It is possible that these links may have been the work of later writers. We do know he could write in the Greek language.

The king-list that Manetho used is unknown. The Turin King List is the one that is the most similar. The oldest source to compare with Manetho are the "Old Kingdom Annals" (c. 2500-2200 BC). There are also the Karnak king list, two at Abydos and the Saqqara list.

The "Old Kingdom Annals" only survive on the Palermo Stone. There are many differences between the stone and Manetho. The stone stops at the fifth dynasty. It includes the early kings of Lower Egypt and kings of Upper Egypt. Manetho lists several Greek and Egyptian gods beginning with Hephaistos and Helios. The "Annals" also give annual reports of the activities of the kings.

The New Kingdom lists left out some rulers. The list prepared for Seti I, has 76 kings from the First Dynasties to the Fourteenth, but leave out the Hyksos rulers and those linked to Akhenaten. The Saqqara list also does not include them in its list of 58 names. These names were left out for religious, rather than political reasons. If Manetho used these lists at all, he would have been unable to get all of his information from them.

The Turin King List was probably a government, rather than a religious document. It would not have needed to leave out kings for religious reasons. These sort of documents must have been available to Manetho. As a priest he would have had access to all written materials in the temple.

Manetho's list was probably from Lower Egypt. He included kings from the Third Intermediate Period, even such short-lived kings like Amenemnisu (5 years) and Osochor (6 years). But he left out the kings from Thebes, such as Osorkon III, Takelot III, Harsiese A and Pinedjem I and kings from Middle Egypt like Peftjaubast of Herakleopolis. Manetho's information must have come from a local city's temple library in the River Nile Delta. The Middle and Upper Egyptian Pharaohs did not control this part of the Delta; which is why they are left out of Manetho's king-list.

By the Middle Kingdom, Egyptian kings each had five different names. These were the "Horus" name; the "Two Ladies" name; the "Gold Horus" name; the "praenomen" or "throne name"; and a "nomen", the personal name given at birth (also called a "Son of Ra" name as it was preceded by "Sa Re'"). Some Pharaohs also had more than one of these names. For example, Ramesses II used six Horus names at various times. We do not know if Manetho knew about the different names of rulers long past. Not all the different names for each king have been discovered, and it maybe that the kings were known by other names as well as the official names. Because Manetho translated the names into Greek, we do not know the original Egyptian name.

Volume 1 begins from the earliest times. It lists gods and demigods as kings of Egypt. Stories of Isis, Osiris, Set, or Horus might have been found here. The book then lists kings from the First Dynasty I to the Eleventh Dynasty. This would have included the Old Kingdom, the First Intermediate Period, and the early Middle Kingdom.

Volume 2 covers Twelfth Dynasty to the Nineteenth. This includes the end of the Middle Kingdom and the Second Intermediate Period (XV–XVII—the Hyksos invasion), and the start of the New Kingdom. Josephus believed the Hyksos or "shepherd-kings" were the ancient Israelites who made their way out of Egypt ("Apion" 1.82–92).

Volume 3 starts with the Twentieth Dynasty and ends with the Thirtieth.

Egyptologists still use Manetho's way of grouping the pharaohs into dynasties. The French explorer and Egyptologist, Jean-François Champollion, had a copy of Manetho's lists to help him read the hieroglyphs. Modern histories now use both the modern translation of names and Manetho's version.



Chapakot Municipality

Chapakot is a municipality in the southeastern part of Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. It is in the western region of Nepal. On 18 May 2014, the new municipality was formed by merging three existing villages. These were Ratnapur, Kuwakot and Chapakot. The office of the new municipality is the former Chapakot village development committee (VDC).

At the time of the 2011 Nepal census, Chapakot village had a population of 4,702. It had 1087 individual households. But now the total population is 12,742. There are now 2,902 individual households. It is on a plain surrounded by hills. To the east of Chapakot was Ratnapur VDC. To the west was Kuwakot VDC. The Kali Gandaki divides it from Palpa District to the south. To the north is Keware Bhanjyang.


The Next Step (2013 TV series)

The Next Step is a TV Program about a dance studio. It is filmed in Canada.


Black-headed parrot

The black-headed parrot is "Pionites melanocephalus". It lives in forests, most often in humid places, and nearby wooded habitats. They are known as 'caiques'.

The bird is widespread in South America, and has two subspecies which are very similar. It lives north of the Amazon River and west of the Ucayali River in Brazil, northern Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. It is quite common and lives in many protected areas.

They are usually in pairs or small noisy groups of 10 to 30. They eat flowers, fruit, and seeds and possibly insects. Males and females look the same: they have identical plumage.

Oliver Wallace

Oliver George Wallace (August 6, 1887 – September 15, 1963) was an English-born American composer and conductor. He scored 139 animated short movies for Walt Disney Studios. He also wrote scores for several Disney documentaries, and feature movies. Wallace worked for Disney studios for 27 years. He died in a Burbank, California hospital on September, 15, 1963. 

In 1941 Wallace won an Oscar for scoring the music for the animated movie "Dumbo". In 2008 he was honored with a Disney Legends award.

Wallace stated composers like Claude Debussy, Richard Wagner, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Max Steiner, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, Richard Strauss, Thomas Tallis, Hamilton Harty, Jan Kubelík and Carl Nielsen as influences.

Vaginal flora

Vaginal flora or microbiota are tiny microorganisms that are part of the healthy reproductive organs in a woman. Humans have many very small organisms that are a normal part of the human body. These microorgansims can only be seen with a microscope. These organisms are bacteria and fungi. Almost all of them do not cause sickness, but it is still normal to have them inside or outside the body. 

These small microorganisms are called microbiota by researchers. There are microbiota in the stomach, the skin, the mouth, the eyes, and microbiota in the vagina. The microbiota in humans help to stop infections caused by other bacteria. Vaginal microbiota help keep the vagina healthy. They help prevent infection caused other bacteria. Bacteria that cause sickness or infection are called pathogens. The normal vaginal microbiota stop pathogens from growing.

When a woman sees a doctor because she has fluid coming out of her vagina, the doctor might test the woman for bacteria pathogens. Pathogens can grow too fast. They can grow faster than the normal and healthy vaginal microbiota. An infection can make fluid come out of the vagina. This is called vaginal discharge. A good and healthy bacteria that keeps the vagina free from sickness is called Lactobacillus. There other good bacteria that keep the vagina healthy. Some of their names are: Peptostreptococcus, Propionibacterium, and Actinomyces.

If a woman catches a sexually transmitted disease, it will change the vaginal microbiota. The healthy vaginal microbiota can not stop or cure a sexually transmitted infection.


Alexander Gould

Alexander Jerome Gould (born May 4, 1994) is an American actor and voice actor. He is best known for voicing Nemo in "Finding Nemo", Twitch in "How to Eat Fried Worms" and Shane Botwin in "Weeds".

He was born in Los Angeles, California on May 4, 1994. His parents are Tom Gould and Valerie Gould. He has two sisters, Emma Gould, and Kelly Gould. Both are also actors. Gould has been an actor since the age of two. He had roles in the Television Series' Malcolm in the Middle and Ally McBeal. He voiced the title character, Nemo, in the animated movie "Finding Nemo". He also starred in How to Eat Fried Worms. He received a Young Artist Award for each. He won his third Young Artist Award in the Showtime series "Weeds".

Fernando de Araújo (East Timorese politician)

Fernando de Araújo (26 February 1963 – 2 June 2015) was an East Timorese politician. He was the President of the National Parliament from 8 August 2007 until 30 July 2012. He also served as the acting President of East Timor from 13 February until 17 April 2008.

Araújo was born in Manutaci, Ainaro District, in what was then Portuguese Timor. At the age of 12, he witnessed all 18 members of his family massacred by the Indonesian Army. He studied literature in Bali, Indonesia. He was married to Jacqueline Aquino Siapno of Dagupan City, Philippines.

Araújo died from a cerebral infarction on 2 June 2015 in Dili, aged 52.

Kirill Pokrovsky

Kirill Vladimirovich Pokrovsky (; 25 March 1962 – 1 June 2015) was a Russian composer and performer. He wrote the soundtrack for the "Divinity" series of video games produced by Larian Studios. He was born in Moscow.

Pokrovsky died on 1 June 2015 in Belgium, aged 53.

Slim Richey

Michael "Slim" Richey (February 11, 1938 – May 31, 2015) was an American guitarist, fiddle player, bandleader and publisher. He was known for his long white beard and electric guitar style on jazz, swing and country music. He called himself "the most dangerous guitar player in Texas". He began his career in 1960 and worked with artists such as Kat Edmonson, the Jazz Pharoahs, and the Jitterbug Vipers. He was born in Austin, Texas.

Richey died from lymphoma on May 31, 2015 in Austin, aged 77.

Gerald Götting

Gerald Götting (9 June 1923 – 19 May 2015) was a German politician. He was the East German President of the People's Chamber from 12 May 1969 until 29 October 1976.

Götting was born in Nietleben, Province of Saxony, now part of Halle, Saxony-Anhalt. During World War II, he served in the Reichsarbeitsdienst and later in the Wehrmacht. He was briefly held as a prisoner of war by U.S. forces in 1945.

Götting died after a long illness on 19 May 2015 in Berlin, aged 91.

Alan Bond

Alan Bond (22 April 1938 – 5 June 2015) was a British-born Australian businessman.

Bond was known for his role in the WA Inc scandals of the 1980s. He was also known for bankrolling challenges for the yachting trophy the America's Cup. Because of this he won the Australian of the Year in 1978, along with Galarrwuy Yunupingu. He finally won the trophy in 1983, which had been held by the New York Yacht Club since 1851. In 1987, he paid $1 billion for the Nine television network from Kerry Packer's PBL, before selling the network back to PBL in 1990 for $250 million. In 1997, he was sentenced to seven years in prison for fraud, and was released in 2000.

Bond was born in Hammersmith, London, England. He moved to Western Australia in 1950 at the age of 12. He was married to Eileen Hughes from 1955 until their divorce in 1992. He was later married to Diana Bliss from 1995 until her suicide in 2012. He had four children.

Bond suffered issues after open heart surgery and was put into an induced coma on 2 June 2015 at a Perth hospital. Bond died on 5 June 2015 after surgical complications at the age of 77.

Bill Shorten

William Richard "Bill" Shorten (born 12 May 1967) is an Australian politician. He was the Leader of the Labor Party and Leader of the Opposition from 13 October 2013 to 30 May 2019.

Shorten was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He is of English and Irish ancestry. He has been married twice and has a daughter. He is a Catholic.

Shorten lost to become Prime Minister of Australia in the 2016 federal election to Malcolm Turnbull and again in the 2019 election to Scott Morrison. After his 2019 defeat, Shorten said he would step down as party leader. He was replaced by Anthony Albanese.

In June 2022, Shorten became Minister for Government Services and Minister for the National Disability Insurance Scheme in the Albanese government.

Bashi Channel

The Bashi Channel is a waterway between Taiwan and the Philippines. It is part of the Luzon Strait in the Pacific Ocean. It lies between Y'Ami Island of the Philippines and Orchid Island of Taiwan. The Philippines call Orchrid Island Botel Tobago. Many undersea cables use this channel. It is also important for military operations. Both Taiwan and the Philippines say the channel belongs to them.

Undersea cable

An undersea cable or submarine communications cable is a cable that is laid in the sea or in waterways. Usually such cables either carry electricity or they are used for telecommunication. Cables longer than about use direct current, because the loss is too big with alternating current. Such cables are also built in a very rugged way.

Free! (anime)

Free! Iwatobi Swim Club is a Japanese anime based on swimming. 

The main story is about four boys on a swim team. The boys were on a swim team together in elementary and middle school and were split up before high school. Two of the boys, Haruka Nanase and Makoto Tachibana were reunited by fate to both attend Iwatobi High School. Luckily for them, when the new arrival of first years came, the third member from their original swim team Nagisa Hazuki also arrived to Iwatobi High School. Haruka and Makoto were astonished to be reunited with another friend of theirs, however something was missing. The final member to their childhood swim team, Rin Matsouka. Rin had been studying abroad in Australia and recently came back to Japan to go to high school at Samezuka Academy. When Haruka, Makoto, and Nagisa all caught up, they run into the younger sister of their old friend Rin, Gou Matsouka, who fills the boys in about Rin's whereabouts and goals. They are all determined and decide to start their own swim club to have the opportunity to see Rin once more. With Gou as the manager and Makoto as the captain, the Iwatobi Swim Club needed one more thing to complete their team, a fourth member. The boys advertised everywhere however no one wanted to join. Until one day, Nagisa had stumbled across a first year who had a similarity with he and the other two boys on the team, he had a girly name.

Disney Legends

Disney Legends Awards are given to individuals whose work has made significant contributions to The Walt Disney Company. The award was created in 1987. It was designed to honor those employees whose accomplishments have helped create Disney magic. More than 200 people have received the Disney Legends award. A selection committee chooses who will receive the award. It is given out at a special ceremony.

<br>

Carrie (horror series)

Carrie is a horror series by Stephen King and released from 1974-2013.



Aviacsa

Aviacsa was a Mexican airline. It started operations in 1990. Aviacsa was a low-cost carrier based in Mexico City. In 2009 the Mexican government refused to allow Aviacsa to fly because of safety concerns. Aviacsa appealed the decision in court. Meanwhile, the FAA removed Aviacia's airworthiness certificate in the United States until it could resolve the safety issues in Mexico. Aviacsa ceased operations in July 2009. It was sold to the Madero Group in 2010. In 2011, Aviacsa was going to start flying again. However, it didn't happen because the airline owed a lot of money to the Mexican Government. Aviacsa stopped all operations for good on May 4, 2011. Interjet took over many of Aviacsa's old routes.

Ahmed Zewail

Ahmed Zewail (1946-2016) was an Egyptian chemist. He invented femtochemistry and won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for 1999. 

Chemical reactions were once thought impossible to measure, because they happen in only a few femtoseconds. His Nobel award was for using laser technology to measure extremely fast chemical reactions. The laser technology showed how molecules changed during the reaction. He was on the scientific advisory team for the President. Zewail encouraged basic Egyptian education and knowledge.



Daniel James Jr.

Daniel James, Jr. (February 11th, 1920 – February 25th, 1978) was the first African-American four-star general officer in the United States military. He received his pilot training with the Tuskegee airmen during World War II. He flew planes during the Korean, and Vietnam Wars. He was a flight instructor in the United States Air Force. On receiving his fourth star he became commander-in-chief of the North American Aerospace Defense Command in 1975. 
He died of a heart attack February 25th, 1978 in Colorado Springs, Colorado. On March 2, 1978, General James was buried at Arlington National Cemetery with full military honors. His widow, Dorothy W. James, died on May 2, 2000, in San Antonio, Texas. She is buried next to General James at Arlington.

James won the following awards (Each oak leaf cluster and service stars represents one additional award):

<br>

Misty Copeland

Misty Copeland (born September 10, 1982) is a ballet dancer for American Ballet Theatre (ABT). She made history in 2007 as the third African American to be promoted to the rank of soloist in two decades. She is the fourth African-American soloist, and the first in two decades with ABT.

On June 30, 2015, Copeland became the first African American woman to be promoted to principal dancer in ABT's 75-year history 

She starred as Odette in George Balanchine's Swan Lake. Copeland is considered a prodigy because she rose to stardom despite not starting ballet until the age of 13. She is the fourth African-American soloist, and the first in two decades with ABT.

The ABT is one of the three leading classical ballet companies in the United States.


Qubool Hai

Qubool Hai (English: "I Accept") is a soap opera on Zee TV. The show tells about the Muslim community. It wants to break stereotypes about Islam.

The program has received praise for leading the way for more TV shows about Muslim culture and family life. It was produced by 4 Lions Films and by Divine Multimedia.

The program uses both drama and romance. It tells about the lives of three characters, Zoya, Ayaan and Asad. The three are really different from each other but their lives have been brought together by fate. Producer Gul Khan said, "The show is about a journey of life, its trials and tribulations and acceptance of one's fate. It is said that God gives us the strength to change what we can and the courage to accept what we can't".

The story usually takes place in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India. It moved to Punjab, India for a month in April 2014. This was because the story jumped ahead 20 years to tell about the life of Asad and Zoya's daughter, Sanam. Production was back in Bhopal in May 2014, because Sanam went back to the city where her mother and father lived.

The program is still airing in June 2015, and has shown more than 680 episodes. With so many episodes and character changes, a number of different actors have played the various roles. The Show ended After 856 Episodes. It was one of the longest Indian soap opera running in this period.



Marissa Mayer

Marissa Mayer was the president and CEO of Yahoo! until 2017. She started as the head of the company in 2012.

Mayer went to college at Stanford University. She studied computer science there. After college, she went to Google in 1999 as the first female engineer when she was 24 years old. She worked at Google until 2012.

When she went to Yahoo!, the company was losing money. She helped them improve. During her first year, their stock prices increased by 75%. 


Wilma Mankiller

Wilma Pearl Mankiller (Cherokee: ᎠᏥᎳᏍᎩ ᎠᏍᎦᏯᏗᎯ; November 18`, 1945 – April 6, 2010) Was the first female principal chief of a major Native American tribe. Mankiller dedicated her life to aid the advancement and recognition of the Cherokee Nation, a Native American tribe based in Oklahoma. In 1977, she was elected to be deputy principal chief of the Cherokee Nation. She eventually replaced her boss as the Principal Cherokee chief, the main leader of the Cherokee. She was officially elected as chief 1987. During her time as chief, many Cherokee became official members of the Nation. Her administration brought great improvements in healthcare, jobs, and education for the Cherokee Nation. Mankiller also founded the Institute for Cherokee Literacy, which serves to preserve Cherokee traditions and culture. In 1993, she became a member of the National Women’s Hall of Fame for her accomplishments. In 1998, she was presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. The Presidential Medal of Freedom is one of the highest honors a citizen of the United States can receive. Mankiller died on April 6, 2010 of Pancreatic Cancer.

Vivienne Tam

Vivienne Tam (, born 28 November 1957) is a fashion designer. The clothing she makes are a cross between Chinese and American cultures. This is important because most of the successful fashion designers were either American or French.


Avi Beker

Avi Beker (3 May 1951 – 4 June 2015) was an Israeli writer, statesman, and academic. Beker served as the Secretary General of the World Jewish Congress from 2001 to 2003. He was born in Tel Aviv.

Beker died on 4 June 2015 of cancer, aged 64.

Leonid Plyushch

Leonid Plyushch (Ukrainian: Плющ Леонід Іванович; 26 April 1938 – 4 June 2015) was a Ukrainian mathematician and Soviet dissident. Plyushch became a dissident by taking a public stance on political hot topics of the time. He was arrested in January 1972 on charges of anti-Soviet activity, and was jailed for a year before his trial began.

Plyushch was born into a Ukrainian working-class family in 1938 in Naryn, Kirghizia. He died on 4 June 2015 in France, aged 77.


Sybil Ludington

Sybil Ludington (April 5, 1761 – February 26, 1839) was a heroine of the American Revolutionary War. She was the daughter of Colonel Henry Ludington. In 1773 he joined the rebel cause. He was the colonel of the local regiment. Sybil Ludington became famous for her night ride on April 26, 1777 to alert American colonial forces to the approach of the British Regulars. Her action was similar to the ride of Paul Revere. She rode more than twice the distance of Revere. She was only 16 years old at the time of her ride. 

Molly Pitcher

Molly Pitcher is a legend from the Revolutionary War. She was bringing pitchers of water to men working a cannon. When one of the men fell down, she fired the cannon herself.

Historians do not think there was a real person named "Molly Pitcher" in the Revolutionary War. Most historians agree it was a nickname. They think the story of Molly Pitcher may have come from more than one real woman who fired a cannon. Many of the battles were fought on hot days, and soldiers would ask for a pitcher of water to drink or to cool the cannons. Molly was a common woman's nickname at the time.

Stories about the American Revolution were first told by talking out loud instead of writing them down. This allowed the storyteller to make things sound bigger than they were or even make up things that did not happen at all. Some stories are still told, long after professional historians prove they are not true. 

The story of Molly Pitcher may have come from more than one real person. Many women helped soldiers on the battlefields during the Revolutionary war. Most were wives and daughters of soldiers. According to the legend, "Molly Pitcher" brought water to a group of soldiers firing a cannon during a battle. One of those soldiers was her husband. She brought water many times. When she came to bring water one time, she saw her husband had been shot. Molly took his place and helped fire the cannon. The Battle of Monmouth is probably where the legend started. 

Her story was started many years after the war by writers and artists. A Currier and Ives print of a "Captain Molly" appeared in 1848. The first writing about Molly Pitcher was in 1859. It wasn't until 1876 that someone published a genealogy claiming a local woman was the real Molly Pitcher. After that, the idea of Molly Pitcher grew and grew.

Today, Molly Pitcher is famous. She is in grade-school and high-school textbooks. Internet sources even argue whether Molly Pitcher was a feminist.

Most legends start with some small truth. Molly Pitcher is no exception. There are several women who might have been the real Molly Pitcher, or it might have been all of them together:

The Revolutionary war had many small fights and only a few large battles. It was not unusual for women to be fight. Women filled many roles that most people thought were only done by men.

Joseph Plumb Martin was a soldier in the Continental Army. He wrote down of his experiences. This came to the attention of historians in the 1950s. Martin describes a woman at the Battle of Monmouth:


Marksmanship Ribbon

A Marksmanship Ribbon is an award by the United States Navy, Air Force, and Coast Guard. It is awarded to service members who achieve an above-average score on a weapons qualification course. Also, there are select State National Guard organizations that award marksmanship ribbons for high placement in state-level marksmanship competitions.

The U.S. Navy has issued two marksmanship ribbons: the "Navy Pistol Marksmanship Ribbon" and "Navy Rifle Marksmanship Ribbon", since 1920. The pistol ribbon is awarded for qualification on the Beretta M9 9mm pistol. The rifle ribbon is awarded for qualification on the M14 and M16 rifle variants.

The Navy issues the marksmanship ribbon in three levels — that of Marksman, Sharpshooter, and Expert. The basic ribbon is awarded for the Marksman level. The specific Marksmanship Device is awarded for qualification as a Sharpshooter or Expert. Those receiving an Expert qualification receive the Marksmanship Medal in addition to the Marksmanship Ribbon.

Between 1942 and 1960, the Navy also issued ribbons known as the Distinguished Marksmanship Ribbons. These awards were declared obsolete by 1965.

The United States Air Force awards a single ribbon, known as the "Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Ribbon". It is for expert qualification on either the M-16 rifle, M-4 carbine or the individuals AFSC's (duty) designated pistol. The ribbon is issued in only one degree. But, a bronze service star may be worn on the ribbon for those who have qualified expert on both the service rifle and pistol. The ribbon was authorized by the Secretary of the Air Force on Aug. 28, 1962. It was awarded to all Air Force service members who qualified after Jan. 1, 1963. Prior to the ribbon, Air Force members were awarded with the United States Air Force Small Arms Marksmanship Certificate of Achievement (AF Form 1193 Jan 1961).

The Coast Guard Marksmanship Ribbons are issued under the same criteria as the U.S. Navy. But Coast Guardsmen use a .40 cal SIG Sauer P229R DAK pistol instead of the Navy's M9 pistol. The Coast Guard issues two ribbons. they are known as the "Coast Guard Pistol Marksmanship Ribbon" and the "Coast Guard Rifle Marksmanship Ribbon". The Marksmanship Device is awarded for qualification at the higher levels of sharpshooter and expert. Like the Navy, for those who receive an expert qualification, the Marksmanship Medal is awarded instead of the Marksmanship Ribbon.

Once a year, thousands of Army and Air National Guard shooters (champion marksmanship teams from each state) compete against each other at the Winston P. Wilson Rifle and Pistol Championships. In the Missouri National Guard, the top twelve guardsmen selected to represent their state at the Winston P. Wilson matches are awarded the Governor's Twelve Ribbon. This is worn on dress uniforms. Any guardsman who earns the award more than once wear Hawthorn Cluster Device(s) on top of the ribbon. In addition, these guardsman are awarded the Governor's Twelve Tab for wear on the combat uniform.
Similarly, the Adjutant General of Missouri awards the Adjutant General's Twenty Ribbon to soldiers and airmen. It is awarded to those who qualify among the top twenty competitors at the Missouri State Combat Matches conducted each year. They are the top eight combat rifle shooters, the top eight pistol shooters, the top two light machine gun teams, and the top two scout/sniper teams. In addition to this ribbon, these guardsman are also awarded the Adjutant General's Twenty Combat Badge for wear on the combat uniform.

Guardsmen are authorized to wear these ribbons as a permanent decoration on service dress uniforms, to the left of federal awards, when operating under Title 32 (state control) status. When federalized (Title 10), guardsman cannot wear these ribbons until they return to Title 32 status.

The U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps provide Weapons Qualification Badges instead of a Marksmanship Ribbon. For the services that award the Marksmanship Ribbon, re-qualification is not necessary once a service member has obtained the award. The ribbon may be worn throughout an individual's career. In the Navy and Coast Guard, the Marksmanship Ribbon may be upgraded with a Marksmanship Device if a higher qualification is achieved.

Claudette Colvin

Claudette Colvin was born on September 5, 1939, in Birmingham, Alabama. She grew up in Montgomery, Alabama. Colvin was arrested on March 2, 1955, for not giving up her seat to a white woman. She was 15 years old when this happened. Colvin was put on trial on several charges including violating the segregation ordinance. The court found her guilty. She was beaten up and ridiculed by white people after the incident. Colvin was placed on probation. Reverend Johnson bailed her out and when she got back home, everyone was so proud of her. In 1956, about one year after Colvin refused to give up her seat, her lawyer, Fred Gray, filed the landmark federal lawsuit: Browder v Gayle. This case stopped segregation on public transportation in Montgomery Alabama. Claudette’s incident was before Rosa Parks even though she isn’t acknowledged much. Around this time, Colvin was getting involved in the Youth Council of Montgomery of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). Even though they got a light sentence from the court, she was branded a troublemaker. She dropped out of college and could not find a job. Colvin moved to New York City in 1958. There she worked as a nurse assistant in a nursing home while living there. Colvin retired in 2004. She is currently 83 years old. Although she is relatively unknown, Colvin played an important part in the Civil rights movement.

<br>

TAT-1

TAT-1 (Transatlantic No. 1) was the first submarine transatlantic telephone cable system. It was laid between Oban, Scotland and Clarenville, Newfoundland. Two cables were laid between 1955 and 1956. One cable for each direction. It was inaugurated on September 25, 1956. The cable was able to carry 35 simultaneous telephone calls. A 36th channel was used to carry up to 22 telegraph lines.

The first transatlantic telegraph cable had been laid in 1858 (see Cyrus West Field). It only operated for a month, but was replaced with a successful connection in 1866. A radio-based transatlantic telephone service was started in 1927. It charged £9 for three minutes. A telephone cable was discussed at that time. But it was not practical until a number of technological advances arrived in the 1940s.

The developments that made TAT-1 possible were coaxial cable, polyethylene insulation, very reliable vacuum tubes for the submerged repeaters and an improvement in carrier equipment. Transistors were not used, being a recent invention of unknown longevity.

Tom Lewis (Australian politician)

Thomas Lancelot (Tom) Lewis AO (23 January 1922 – 25 April 2016) was a New South Wales politician. He served as Premier of New South Wales and Minister in the cabinets of Sir Robert Askin and Sir Eric Willis. He became Premier following Askin's retirement from politics and held the position until he was replaced by Willis in a party vote. Lewis was first elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for the Electoral district of Wollondilly for the Liberal Party of Australia from 1957 until his resignation in 1978.

Goff Letts

Godfrey Alan "Goff" Letts (18 January 1928 – 10 March 2023) was an Australian politician. He was the Majority Leader of the Northern Territory from 1974 to 1977.

James Armistead Lafayette

James Armistead Lafayette (December 10, 1760 – August 9, 1832) was an African American slave. He served in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War as a double agent. He served under the Marquis de Lafayette. He reported on the activities of Benedict Arnold after he had gone over to the British. He also reported on Lord Cornwallis just before the Battle of Yorktown. James gave the British false information on the Americans.

He was an African-American slave. He was owned by William Armistead of Virginia. James took his master's name and called himself James Armistead. James was born about 1748 in Virginia.During that time, the British had destroyed Richmond, Virginia. He lived in New Kent (36 minutes away from Richmond), which made him want to join even more.

After getting the consent of his master, he volunteered in 1781 to join the American army under the Marquis de Lafayette. The Marquis used him as a spy. Armistead posed as a runaway slave to the British. He joined the camp of Brigadier General Benedict Arnold the turncoat who was leading some British forces in the area. Pretending to be a spy for the British, Armistead gained Arnold's trust. Arnold used him to guide British troops through local roads. ""The ex-slave, who later renamed himself James Armistead Lafayette in the general's honor, served as a double agent against the british under the avowedly antislavery Lafayette."" 
After Arnold departed north in the spring of 1781, James went to the camp of Lord Charles Cornwallis. Again he posed as a runaway slave. He was given a job serving General Cornwallis. He moved frequently between British camps. In each case the officers would speak openly about their strategies in front of him. James kept this information in written reports. He gave these reports to other American spies. In this way he relayed much information about the British plans for troop movements and about their weapons. Cornwallis hired James to spy for the British. When he was sent to spy on the Americans he brought back an order for General Daniel Morgan to bring up all his reserves. Morgan didn't have any reserves, it was a false order. But it kept Cornwallis where he was leading to his defeat at the Battle of Yorktown. The intelligence reports from his espionage were also instrumental in helping to defeat the British.

After the war James had to return to his live as a slave. He was not eligible for emancipation under the Act of 1783 for slave-soldiers. Spies were not considered soldiers. When Lafayette returned to Virginia in 1784 he found out that James was still a slave. 
The Marquis de Lafayette wrote a letter to the Virginia legislature praising James and what he did.The quote said, “This is to certify that the bearer by the name of James has done essential services to me while I had the honour to command in this state. His intelligences from the enemy’s camp were industriously collected and faithfully delivered. He perfectly acquitted himself with some important commissions I gave him and appears to me entitled to every reward his situation can admit of.” -Lafayette. This won James his freedom and a pension. James took the name James Armistead Lafayette.

James, now James Armistead Lafayette, bought forty acres of land in Virginia and began farming. He married and had a large family. He died August 9, 1830 on his farm in New Kent County, Virginia.


Eric Neal

Sir Eric James Neal AC CVO FTSE HonFAIB (born 3 June 1924) is an Australian politician. He was the Governor of South Australia 1996-2001, Commissioner of Sydney from 1987 to 1988, and until the start of 2010, the Chancellor of Flinders University.


Phillip Bennett

General Sir Phillip Harvey Bennett (27 December 1928 – 1 August 2023) was an Australian politician. He is a retired senior officer of the Australian Army. He served as Chief of the Australian Defence Force from 1984 to 1987, and later as Governor of Tasmania from 1987 to 1995.


Duke Aiona

James "Duke" Aiona (born June 8, 1955) is a Republican state government official for the U.S. state of Hawaii. He was the Lieutenant Governor from 2002 to 2010. During his first term in 2002, he made a campaign to stop drug abuse including crystal methamphetamine and underage drinking. He was the rival of Democrat David Ige who defeated him in the 2014 election for governor.



Evelyn Boyd Granville

Evelyn Boyd Granville (May, 1, 1924 – June 27, 2023) was the first African American to get a doctoral degree in math from Yale. She was born in Washington, D.C.. Around this time period, not many Americans acknowledged African Americans, especially African American women. She became a professor at Fisk University. She also worked for IBM and for NASA on the Project Vanguard and Project Mercury space programs. She also taught at California State University in Los Angeles. She spent most of her career as an applied mathematician for the Diamond Ordinance Fuze Laboratories.

She died at her apartment in Silver Spring, Maryland on June 27, 2023, at the age of 99.

Madhur Jaffrey

Madhur Jaffrey, CBE (born 13 August 1933) is an Indian cook and writer. She has been recognized in many magazine articles. Sixteen of her books are cookbooks. The other four are stories. One of her cookbooks is "Madhur Jaffrey's World Vegetarian: More Than 750 Meatless Recipes from Around the Globe". One of her stories is "Robi Dobi: The Marvelous Adventures of an Indian Elephant." In her recipes, she often uses many spices and herbs. She was married to actor Saeed Jaffrey.


Jerry Collins

Jerry Collins (4 November 1980 – 5 June 2015) was a professional New Zealand rugby union player. He played for the All Blacks between 2001 and 2007. At the time of his death, he was playing for RC Narbonne. He also played for the Hurricanes, Wellington, Toulon, Ospreys, Yamaha Júbilo.

Collins was born in Apia, Samoa. He grew up in Porirua, Wellington. He and his partner, Alana, had a daughter, Ayla.

Collins and his partner were killed in a car accident on 5 June 2015 near Béziers, Hérault in southern France. He was 34. His three-month-old daughter was badly injured and was flown to a Montpellier hospital.


Margaret Juntwait

Margaret Juntwait (March 18, 1957 – June 3, 2015) was an American radio broadcaster. She was the voice of the Metropolitan Opera radio broadcasts from December 11, 2004, replacing Peter Allen when he retired after 29 years.

Juntwait was born in Ridgewood, New Jersey. She grew up in Upper Saddle River. She was married to Jamie Katz and had four children.

Juntwait died from ovarian cancer on June 3, 2015 in Saddle River, aged 58.

Trait

A trait, or character, in biology is a feature of a living thing. It is part of an organism's phenotype.

Every living thing, from tiny organisms like bacteria, to plants, animals and humans, has some characteristics which make it special. Thus an elephant has tusks, large size and weight, large ears and very large molar teeth (et cetera). These are typical characters of the African and Indian elephants.

Biologists call those "traits". The living thing is built in a certain way; this is its "anatomy", its structure or body. The physical structure "works" in a certain way; this is its function, the way its body works. An animal also "acts" in a certain way; this is its behavior.

The way that a living thing is structured, the way its body works and the way that it acts are all traits. The basic traits are shared by all the members of the group, "that is why they are put in the same group". Other traits are only shared by a small number of the group.

For example: 

Traits are heritable: they can be passed on from one generation to the next by genes. Mendel's work involved the inheritance of traits on pea plants. The whole group of traits of an organism is its phenotype.

Different sources use the term differently. 'Trait' competes with the term 'character'.

According to some authorities, trait and character are synonyms:

Some sources use both terms:

This works well with Mendelian characters. In such cases, a character is a feature of a species which may present as various traits. Examples:

But not all characters are inherited in the simple manner of Mendel's pea characters. For example, an animal's weight is a character, but many genes contribute to it, and so does the animal's environment from birth. Weight is a) continuous rather than discrete (separate steps), b) polygenic (controlled by a number of genes), and c) because weight is influenced by both heredity and environment.

To avoid this issue, some sources use only the term character. Futuyma uses this system for Mendelian characters:
This use of 'character state' allows Futuyma to use terms such as 'ancestral state' and 'derived state' when talking about the evolution of characters.

Billa (supermarket)

Billa (stylised BILLA) is an Austrian supermarket chain. It has over 1,600 locations in Europe with over a thousand in Austria alone. They also operate in the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Romania, Russia, Croatia and Ukraine. Billa was founded by Karl Wlaschek in 1953, and are owned by Germany's REWE Group.

Tariq Aziz

Tariq Aziz (born Mikhail Yuhanna; 28 April 1936 – 5 June 2015) was an Iraqi politician for the Ba'ath Party. He served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 24 January 1983 until 22 March 1991. He also served as the Deputy Prime Minister from 1 August 1965 until 9 April 2003. For decades he was a close adviser to Saddam Hussein.

Aziz was born in the town of Tel Keppe near Mosul to a Chaldean Catholic family. He studied English at Baghdad University. He later worked as a journalist, before joining the Ba'ath Party in 1957. He was married to Violet Yusef Nobud and had children.

Aziz was arrested in 2003 and spent the rest of his life in custody. He died in hospital from a heart attack on 5 June 2015 in Nasiriyah, aged 79. He also suffered from heart disease, depression, diabetes, and ulcers.

Frequent-flyer program

A frequent-flyer program is offered by an airline to reward its customers for loyalty. People who are part of the program usually earn miles (frequent-flyer points). These miles can be redeemed (exchanged) for free flights or other products and services. Many airline alliances allow customers to earn and redeem miles with a number of airlines. This may also work with a codeshare agreement. The first airline to launch a frequent-flyer program was American Airlines.

Charles Bukowski

Henry Charles Bukowski (born Heinrich Karl Bukowski; August 16, 1920 – March 9, 1994) was a German-American poet, novelist, and short story writer.

His writing was influenced by the social, cultural, and economic ambience of his home city of Los Angeles. His work addresses the ordinary lives of poor Americans, the act of writing, alcohol, relationships with women, and the drudgery of work. He died of leukemia.



Cyrus West Field

Cyrus West Field (November 30, 1819 – July 12, 1892) was an American businessman and financier who, along with other entrepreneurs, created the Atlantic Telegraph Company and laid the first telegraph cable across the Atlantic Ocean in 1858. Field was born in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. When he was 16 years old, he moved to New York City. There he apprenticed in the largest dry goods business in the city. He went to work for the paper wholesaler E. Root and Company. When the company failed he bought up the stock. He built it up as Cyrus W. Field and Company. He became one of the city's richest men. Profits permitted him to retire at the age 34 with a fortune of $250,000. Bad investments left Field without most of his fortune at the end of his life. He died in New York City on July 12, 1892.

<br>

Kurt Weber

Kurt Weber (24 May 1928 – 4 June 2015) was a Polish cinematographer. He was known for working on comedic and dramatic films from the 1950s to the 1980s. 

Weber was of Jewish descent.

Killing Reagan

Killing Reagan: A Violent Assault That Changed a Presidency is a book written by Bill O'Reilly and Martin Dugard. It is about the attempted assassination of U.S President Ronald Reagan.

The book is the fifth in the "Killing" series. It follows "Killing Lincoln", "Killing Kennedy", "Killing Jesus", and "Killing Patton". The book was released on September 22, 2015.

On September 26, 2015, National Geographic announced that a television movie version was being made. There was no specific release date or cast. In May 2016, it was announced that Tim Matheson and Cynthia Nixon would play Ronald and Nancy Reagan respectively in the movie. Filming was to begin in late May. The movie was to be released sometime in the fall of 2016.

Bengt Berndtsson

Bengt Berndtsson (26 January 1933 – 4 June 2015) was a Swedish football winger. He was born in Gothenburg. Berndtsson played for the Sweden national football team, and was a member of the squad at the 1958 FIFA World Cup finals.


Shallot

Shallots are a type of onion. They are a botanical variety of the species "Allium cepa". The shallot was previously classified as a separate species, "A. ascalonicum".
Shallots seldom produce seeds. They are increased by dividing its compound bulbs. These are made up of several bulblets or cloves held together at the base. The bulblets are planted the same as onion sets. Each set develops into a compound set. The mature bulbs are harvested, cured and stored the same way as onions. In suitable storage, the bulbs keep from one season to the next. 

The flavor of shallots is a little milder than onions. It’s used for flavoring curries. Both leaves and cloves are used. Leaves are also consumed as green vegetables. Like their cousins onions and garlics, this is also considered as non-vegetarian food in India. Most of the crop is produced for sale in the green state. But some dry bulbs are also used. They are also used for pickling.

Aneesa Ahmed

Aneesa Ahmed (Arabic: أنيسة أحمد) is a Maldivian women's rights activist. In 2012, she received the International Women of Courage Award. She was the second woman from the Maldivies to receive this award.

Aneesa studied at Pennsylvania State University from 1985 to 1986. She was a Humphrey Fellow.

Aneesa was Deputy Minister of Women's Affairs in Maldives. She talked about domestic violence, even though it was a taboo subject. After her job in the government, she started the NGO "Hope for Women". She talked about violence against women with police, students, and others.

When the national radio of the Maldives had talks by religious students who said female genital mutilation was Islamic, she asked the government to stop them. She talked about the harm caused by female genital mutilation.


Hunting magic

Hunting magic is a term to say that forms of magic are associated with rituals in hunter-gatherer societies. Such rituals may be the start of religion. 

Pierre Brice

Pierre Brice (born Pierre-Louis Baron de Bris; 6 February 1929 – 6 June 2015) was a French actor and singer. He began his career in the 1950s. He was best known for his role as the Apaca chief Winnetou in the German Karl May movies.

Brice was born in Brest. He fought for the French Army in the First Indochina War. He was married to Hella Krekel from 1981 until his death.

Brice died from pneumonia on 6 June 2015 in Paris. He was 86.

Hermann Zapf

Hermann Zapf (8 November 1918 – 4 June 2015) was a German typeface designer. He was born in Nuremberg. From 1951 until his death, he was married to educator Gudrun Zapf-von Hesse. Typefaces he designed include Palatino, Optima and Zapfino.

Zapf died at his home in Darmstadt, Hesse, Germany on 4 June 2015 at the age of 96.

Zapf designed the following typefaces:

Loriini

Lories and lorikeets (tribe Loriini) are small to medium-sized arboreal parrots. They have special brush-tipped tongues to feed on nectar of blossoms and soft fruits, preferably berries. 

They are a monophyletic group in the parrot family Psittacidae. Sequence analysis and morphology show that the group is in the middle of other groups. 

They are widely distributed throughout the Australasian region, including south-eastern Asia, Polynesia, Papua New Guinea, Timor Leste and Australia, and the majority have very brightly coloured plumage.

Those studies show that the lories and lorikeets form a single group, closely related to the budgerigar and the fig parrots.

Tribe (biology)

A tribe in biology is a monophyletic group inside a family. It is a term used in taxonomy.

More exactly, it is a rank above genus and below subfamily. The Hominini, the hominins, is the tribe to which our species belongs.

Santiago Auserón

Santiago Auserón, also known as Juan Perro (July 25, 1954 in Zaragoza, Aragon) is a Spanish singer and lyricist. He was songwriter and vocalist of Spanish rock's Radio Futura.

From 1972 to 1977 he attended the University of Madrid where he studied philosophy. After that he attended the University of Vincennes in Saint-Denis, where he stayed one year.

In 1979, Auserón founded Radio Futura, being part of Madrilenian Scene ().

In 1992, he left the group and started his career as a soloist under his pseudonym "Juan Perro".




Ludvík Vaculík

Ludvík Vaculík (23 July 1926 – 6 June 2015) was a Czech writer and journalist. He was born in Brumov. He was a known samizdat writer. He was the most known as the author of the "Two Thousand Words" manifesto of June 1968.

Vaculík died at the age of 88 on 6 June 2015.


Miguel-Ángel Cárdenas

Miguel-Ángel Cárdenas (October 3, 1934 – June 2, 2015), also known as Michel Cardena, was a Colombian-Dutch, New Realism and Pop Art painter. He was known for his video art in the Netherlands. His works covered many artistic media, including painting, drawing, video, photography, object assemblages and digital art. He was born in Espinal, Tolima, Colombia.


Mefistofele

Mefistofele is an Italian opera in a prologue, four acts and an epilogue; with music and libretto. It is by Arrigo Boito and is based on Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's play "Faust". It was first performed in Milan, on March 5, 1868. A revised version was performed in Bologna, on October 4, 1875.

The opera was performed as part of the 2013/2014 season at the Croatian National Theatre, in Split. The director was Michał Znaniecki and the conductor was Nikša Bareza.

In August 2014, the opera was performed in the 13th Opera Festival of the Theatro da Paz in Belém, Brazil. Mefistofeles was played by Denis Sedov and Faust was played by Fernando Portari.




Pavel Kohout

Pavel Kohout (born July 20, 1928 in Prague) is a Czech and Austrian novelist, playwright, and poet. He was a member of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia. He was a Prague Spring exponent and dissident in the 1970s until he was expelled to Austria. He was a founding member of the Charter 77 movement.


Bad Blood (Taylor Swift song)

"Bad Blood" is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song came from her fifth studio album "1989". The album version of the song only has Swift as the vocalist on verses. The single version has a different instrumental and guest vocals from rapper Kendrick Lamar on verses.

Swift wrote "Bad Blood" about an undisclosed female artist. She says that the artist attempted to sabotage one of her concert tours by hiring people that worked for her (Swift). There are rumors from "Rolling Stone", "Billboard", "Time" and "Washington Post" that singer-songwriter Katy Perry is the subject of the song. The original album version of "Bad Blood" only has Swift singing.

"Bad Blood" first charted on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 for 2 weeks in November of 2014. It also charted in January of 2015 as an album cut from "1989". It peaked at #78. After the music video premiere at the 2015 Billboard Music Awards, the remixed song with Kendrick Lamar re-entered the chart at #53 and #26 on the Digital Songs Chart. It sold over 47,000 digital copies. The song hit #1 on "Billboard" Hot 100 on the week ending May 24, 2015. It sold 385,000 copies. It became Taylor's fourth #1 single. It was also her third from "1989" (following "Shake It Off" and "Blank Space"). That made Taylor Swift the first artist since Adele to have three Hot 100 chart-toppers from the same record. It was also her fourth consecutive top-ten single from "1989".

The original album version of "Bad Blood" received mixed reviews from music critics. But, the remixed version of the song received mostly positive reviews. Much of the praise was for Lamar's guest verses and the reworked instrumental. George Seabrook, writing for "The Edge" in Southampton, England, gave the song four-and-a-half stars out of five. He praised the song for "Lamar’s simple, brutally effective verses". He also said that Swift and Lamar made "not just one more meaningless stunt collaboration, but a powerful new duo".

The music video was directed by renowned director Joseph Kahn, with Swift producing it. He had also directed the music video for "Blank Space". The video was shot in Los Angeles on April 12, 2015. The setting for the video is the City of London. The music video premiered on May 17, 2015, at the start of the Billboard Music Awards. Several friends of Swift are present in the music video, such as British singer-songwriter Ellie Goulding, American entertainer Selena Gomez, and American actresses Lena Dunham and Jessica Alba. All members of the cast chose their own names for their characters.

Robert Brian Wilson

Robert Brian Wilson (born March 8, 1962) is an American actor, singer, and voice artist. He is best known for portraying Billy Chapman in "Silent Night, Deadly Night" (1984).

Paradise Cay, California

Paradise Cay is an unincorporated place in Marin County, California, United States.

Robert Hossein

Robert Hossein (born as Hosseinoff; 30 December 1927 – 31 December 2020) was a French movie actor, director, and writer of Azerbaijani and Jewish origin. He directed the 1982 adaption of "Les Misérables", and appeared in "Vice and Virtue", "Le Casse", "Les Uns et les Autres" and "Venus Beauty Institute".

Hossein died on 31 December 2020 in Essey-lès-Nancy, France from COVID-19, one day after his 93rd birthday.

Volcanoes of Kamchatka

The volcanoes of Kamchatka are a large group of volcanoes on the Kamchatka Peninsula. 

The Kamchatka River and the surrounding central side valley are flanked by large volcanic belts. There are about 160 volcanoes, 29 of them still active. They are in the "six" UNESCO World Heritage List sites in the Volcanoes of Kamchatka, most of them on the Kamchatka Peninsula.

The highest volcano is Klyuchevskaya Sopka (4,750 m or 15,584 ft), the largest active volcano in the northern hemisphere. The most striking is Kronotsky, whose perfect cone was said by volcanologists Robert and Barbara Decker to be a prime candidate for the world's most beautiful volcano. 

In the center of Kamchatka is Eurasia's world famous Geyser Valley which was partly destroyed by a massive mudslide in June 2007.

Deep seismic events and tsunamis are fairly common. Intense volcanism is caused by the subduction of the Pacific Plate. A pair of huge earthquakes occurred off the coast on October 16, 1737, and on November 4, 1952, in magnitudes ~9.3 and 8.2 respectively. More shallow earthquakes were recorded as recently as April 2006.

Vietnam Airlines

Vietnam Airlines is the flag carrier and the largest airline of Vietnam. It was started by the government in 1956. Since June 2010, it has been a member of SkyTeam. As of 2015, Vietnam Airlines goes to 21 cities in Vietnam and 28 international cities. 

Saudia

Saudia ( '), formerly known as Saudi Arabian Airlines ( ') is the flag carrier and largest airline of Saudi Arabia, based in Jeddah. It was started in 1945 with the help of the United States government. TWA managed the airline until the 1960s. The airline joined SkyTeam in May 2012. As of 2024, Saudia goes to more then 95 cities worldwide.

James M. Beggs

James Montgomery Beggs (January 9, 1926 – April 23, 2020) was an American businessman and politician. He served as the 6th Administrator of NASA. He was nominated by President Reagan on June 1, 1981. Beggs took his oath of office and entered the post on July 10, 1981, serving until December 4, 1985.

Beggs died on April 23, 2020 at the age of 94 at his home in Bethesda, Maryland of congestive heart failure.


Sean O'Keefe

Sean Charles O'Keefe (born January 27, 1956) is an American politician. He was the former chairman of Airbus Group, Inc., former Secretary of the Navy, former Administrator of NASA, and former chancellor of Louisiana State University (LSU). He is a former member of the board of directors of DuPont.

Administrator of NASA

The Administrator and Deputy Administrator of NASA are the highest-ranked officials of NASA, the space agency of the United States. The Administrator serves as the senior space science adviser to the President of the United States. According to NASA, the role of the Administrator is to "lead the NASA team and manage its resources to advance the Vision for Space Exploration."


T. Keith Glennan

Thomas Keith Glennan (September 8, 1905 – April 11, 1995) was an American politician. He was the first Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, serving from August 19, 1958 to January 20, 1961.

Theo Saat

Theodorus Antoon "Theo" Saat (13 May 1928 – 2 June 2015) was a Dutch sprinter. He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland. He was born in Arnhem, Gelderland.

Saat died on 2 June 2015 in Noordwijk, South Holland, aged 87.

Robert A. Frosch

Robert Alan Frosch FREng (born May 22, 1928) is an American scientist. He was the fifth administrator of NASA. He was the administrator from 1977 to 1981 during the Carter administration.

Hans Mark

Hans Michael Mark (June 17, 1929 – December 18, 2021) was a German-born American physicist and politician. He was the Secretary of the Air Force between 1979 until 1981. He was the Director of the National Reconnaissance Office between 1977 until 1979.

Mark was born in Mannheim, Germany. Because he was partly of Jewish descent his father Herman Francis Mark fled with the family into the United States.

Mark died on December 18, 2021 in Austin, Texas from dementia-related problems at the age of 92.


United States Secretary of the Air Force

The Secretary of the Air Force (SecAF, or SAF/OS) is the Head of the Department of the Air Force. It is an organization within the Department of Defense of the United States of America. 

The Secretary of the Air Force is appointed from civilian life by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. The Secretary reports to the Secretary of Defense and/or the Deputy Secretary of Defense, and is by statute responsible for and has the authority to conduct all the affairs of the Department of the Air Force.

Sadun Boro

Sadun Boro (1928 – 5 June 2015) is an Turkish sailor and writer. He was the first Turkish person to circumnavigate the globe, sailing from 22 August 1965 until 15 June 1968.

Boro was born in Istanbul. He was married to Oda Boro and had a daughter.

Boro died from bladder cancer on 5 June 2015 in Marmaris. He was 87.

Mario Saliwa

Mario Ngqiuyomizi Saliwa (6 March 1984 – 31 May 2015) was a South African first-class cricketer. He played for teams such as the Eagles and Free State. He was born in King William's Town, Eastern Cape.

Saliwa died after being stabbed on 31 May 2015, aged 31.


MERS

MERS (the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome) was discovered in Saudi Arabia in 2012. It is a disease caused by a coronavirus whose label is MERS-CoV. MERS-CoV is a betacoronavirus which originated in bats.

Coronaviruses are a family of viruses some of which cause common colds. They can infect both animals and people. MERS is a relative of SARS (the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) virus which swept around the world, infecting more than 8,000 people globally and killing 774 before it was stopped in 2004.

In 2015, the World Health Organization made itself some rules for naming viruses: No official name is allowed to refer to a place, person or animal. This is to prevent stigma, or blame. The WHO rules list MERS as an example of what not to do when naming a virus or disease.

Charles Bolden

Charles Frank Bolden, Jr. (born August 19, 1946) was the 12th Administrator of NASA from 2009 through 2017. He is a retired United States Marine Corps Major General, and former NASA astronaut.

Alan M. Lovelace

Alan Mathieson Lovelace (September 4, 1929 – April 18, 2018) was an American civil servant. He was the Deputy Administrator of NASA from July 2, 1976 to July 10, 1981.

Lovelace was born in St. Petersburg, Florida. He graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Chemistry from the University of Florida in Gainesville in 1951. He received a Master of Science in Organic Chemistry in 1952. He became a Doctor of Philosophy in 1954, also in Organic Chemistry.

Lovelace died on April 18, 2018 in Melbourne, Florida at the age of 88.

In June 1981, Lovelace was presented with the Presidential Citizens Medal by President Ronald Reagan.

NASA - "Goddard News" 

John R. Dailey

John R. Dailey (born on February 17, 1934) is a retired United States Marine Corps four-star general. He served as Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps (ACMC) and Chief of Staff from 1990 to 1992. He also served as Acting Associate Deputy Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) from 1992 to 1999. Today, he is director of the National Air and Space Museum (NASM) since 2000.

Aaron Cohen

Aaron Cohen (January 5, 1931 – February 25, 2010) was an American civil servant. He served as the Acting Deputy Administrator of NASA between February 19, 1992 and November 1, 1992.


Ronnie Gilbert

Ruth Alice "Ronnie" Gilbert (September 7, 1926 – June 6, 2015) was an American folk singer-songwriter, actress and activist. She was one of the original members of The Weavers with Pete Seeger, Lee Hays, and Fred Hellerman.

Gilbert was born in New York City. She was the daughter of Jewish immgrants from Eastern Europe. She had one daughter. She was married twice and was bisexual.

Gilbert died from natural causes on June 6, 2015 in Mill Valley, California, aged 88.


James C. Fletcher

James Chipman Fletcher (June 5, 1919 – December 22, 1991) was an American civil servant. He was the president of the University of Utah from 1964 to 1971. He also served as the 4th and 7th Administrator of NASA. He first served from April 27, 1971 to May 1, 1977, and again from May 12, 1986, to April 8, 1989.

Coronavirus

Coronaviruses are a group of RNA viruses. They cause diseases in birds and mammals, including humans. These diseases can be mild, or they can be fatal. In humans and birds, they cause respiratory tract infections. Mild illnesses in humans include some cases of the common cold (which is also caused by other viruses, for example rhinoviruses). More lethal varieties can cause SARS, MERS, and COVID-19.

They are enveloped viruses with a positive-sense RNA genome. The genome size of coronaviruses is about 26 to 32 kilobases, which is extraordinarily large for an RNA virus. There are four major groups of coronaviruses, called alpha, beta, gamma, and delta.

The most famous coronavirus is one of the betas, the kind that causes Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in humans.

The name "coronavirus" comes from the Latin word "corona", meaning "crown" or "halo", and refers to how virions look under an electron microscopy (E.M.). They have a fringe of large, bulbous surface projections looking like a crown. This morphology is created by the viral spike (S) peplomer, which are proteins on the surface of the virus. They decide which cells the virus can infect.

Proteins of coronaviruses are the spike (S), envelope (E), membrane (M), and nucleocapsid (N).

Coronaviruses infect the upper respiratory and gastrointestinal tracts of mammals and birds. Six different strains of coronaviruses infect humans. These include:


Coronaviruses are believed to cause many common colds in human adults. The significance and economic impact of coronaviruses is hard to assess. Unlike rhinoviruses (another common cold virus), human coronaviruses are easy to grow in the laboratory.

Coronaviruses are large, spherical particles with unique surface projections. Their size is variable, averageing 80 to 120 nms. The total molecular weight is on average 40,000 kDa. They are enclosed in an envelope studded with projecting protein molecules. These layers protect the virus when it is outside the host cell.

The viral envelope is made up of a lipid bilayer in which the membrane (M), envelope (E), and spike (S) structural proteins are anchored. The ratio of E:S:M in the lipid bilayer is approximately 1:20:300. The E and M protein are the structural proteins that combined with the lipid bilayer to shape the viral envelope and maintain its size. S proteins are needed for interaction with the host cells. But human coronavirus NL63 is peculiar in that its M protein has the binding site for the host cell, and not its S protein. The diameter of the envelope is 85 nm.

The earliest reports of a coronavirus infection in animals occurred in the late 1920s, when an acute respiratory infection of domesticated chickens happened in North America. Arthur Schalk and M.C. Hawn in 1931 made the first detailed report which described a new respiratory infection of chickens in North Dakota. It was not realized at the time that three related viruses were involved.

Human coronaviruses were discovered in the 1960's using two different methods. E.C. Kendall, Malcolm Bynoe, and David Tyrrel, working at the Common Cold Unit of the British Medical Research Council, collected a unique common cold virus B814 in 1961. The virus could not be cultivated using the techniques which had successfully cultivated rhinoviruses, adenoviruses, and other known common cold viruses. Eventually, this was solved. The new cultivating method was introduced to the lab by Bertil Hoorn. The isolated virus, when put into the noses of volunteers, caused a cold. The virus was inactivated by ether which showed it had a lipid envelope. The novel virus caused a cold in volunteers and, like B814, was inactivated by ether.
Scottish virologist June Almeida at St Thomas' Hospital, London, compared the structures of IBV, B814, and 229E in 1967. Using transmission electron microscopy,the three viruses were shown to be similar in shape and have club-like spikes. A research group at the National Institute of Health the same year isolated another member of this group of viruses. Like B814, 229E, and IBV, the novel cold virus OC43 had distinctive club-like spikes when observed with the electron microscope.

The IBV-like novel cold viruses looked like the mouse hepatitis virus. This new group of viruses were called "coronaviruses" from their crown-like appearance. The coronavirus strain B814 was lost. It is not known which present human coronavirus it was. Other human coronaviruses have since been identified, including SARS-CoV in 2003, HCoV NL63 in 2003, HCoV HKU1 in 2004, MERS-CoV in 2013, and SARS-CoV-2 in 2019. There have been a large number of animal coronaviruses identified since the 1960s.


Ontario Highway 33

Ontario Highway 33 or King's Highway 33 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It runs from west to east and is 60.9 kilometers (37.8 miles) long. It starts at Highway 62 in Bloomfield in Prince Edward County. At Glenora, the highway crosses the Bay of Quinte by the Glenora Ferry. The Ministry of Transportation of Ontario runs the ferry as a free service. The highway continues on the other side of the bay in Adolphustown. It ends in Kingston.

In 1984, Queen Elizabeth II named the highway between Trenton and Kingston the Loyalist Parkway. It was named after the United Empire Loyalists who settled in the Kingston area after the American Revolutionary War.

Green Party of Ontario

The Green Party of Ontario (GPO) is a political party in Ontario, Canada. It organized in 1983. It first ran candidates in the 1985 general election. The party got its largest share of the total vote in the 2007 general election. Support of the GPO has declined since then.

In November 2009, Mike Schreiner became the party leader. He became the first member of the Green Party in history to have a seat in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. He was elected in the 2018 elections.

Giacomo Furia

Giacomo Furia (2 January 1925 – 5 June 2015) was an Italian actor. He appeared in over 130 movies between 1948 and 1998.


Smosh: The Movie

Smosh: The Movie is an upcoming 2015 American comedy movie from Lionsgate Films. The movie will star Anthony Padilla and Ian Hecox, which is part of Smosh from YouTube. It is planned to come out on July 24, 2015.

An embarrassing video of Anthony surfaces online right before his fifth high school reunion. The Smosh duo then races to pull down the clip before it blows Anthony's chances of reconnecting with his teen crush Anna.


On September 18, 2014, Lionsgate announced that it has picked up global distribution rights to the movie, with production jointly financed by DreamWorks Animation’s AwesomenessTV, and Defy Media, in which Lionsgate has an equity interest. The picture was written by Eric Falconer, creator and executive producer of "Blue Mountain State" and writer of "How I Met Your Mother". The film is executively produced by Padilla, Hecox, Barry Blumberg of Defy Media, Brett Bouttier, Joe Davola and Shauna Phelan. AwesomenessTV founder Brian Robbins serves as producer. It was entirely shot in YouTube Space in Los Angeles, California.

On April 15, 2015, it was announced that the movie will be released on July 24, 2015 and will be having its gala world premiere at Vidcon 2015 in Anaheim, California.

Rhinovirus

Rhinovirus is the most common virus in humans, and the main cause of the common cold. It is called 'rhinovirus' because it infects the nose. The symptoms are very well known, and affect the whole of the upper respiratory tract, that is, the nose down to the throat. Children may get six to twelve colds a year.

The temperature most suitable for its survival is between 33 ℃ to 35 ℃. This may explain why it is found in the nose, because the nasal cavity is be open to the outside air.

There are 99 types of rhinovirus, according to their surface proteins. The rhinovirus particles are only 30nm in diameter. This is much smaller than other viruses: many are ten times larger.

Latch

A latch is a type of hardware that is used to join two objects together. A latch often keeps animals or wind from opening something. This could be a door or a gate. Unlike a lock, a latch is easy to open if you know how, so it can be convenient on a gate that needs to be opened often.


Aarthi Agarwal

Aarthi Agarwal (March 5 1984 – June 6, 2015) was an American actress. She worked in Telugu cinema. She was known for her first movie role in "Nuvvu Naaku Nachav".

On June 6, 2015, Agarwal died at the AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center in Atlantic City, New Jersey from cardiac arrest, aged 31.

Jane Briggs Hart

Jane Briggs (“Janey”) Hart (October 21, 1921 - June 5, 2015) was an American aviator. She was the widow of Senator Philip A. Hart. She was born in Detroit, Michigan. She was a member of the NASA's Mercury 13. Hart was also an avid sailor and has sailed in the Port Huron to Mackinac Boat Race 15 times as part of an all-women crew.

Hart died on June 5, 2015 in West Hartford, Connecticut from Alzheimer's disease, aged 93.

Philip Hart

Philip Aloysius Hart (December 10, 1912December 26, 1976) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a Democrat. He served as a United States Senator from Michigan from 1959 until his death in 1976. He was known as the "Conscience of the Senate."

Hart died of skin cancer on December 26, 1976 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 64.

TAESA

TAESA was a Mexican low-cost carrier. It began on April 27, 1988. It was one of the first low-cost airlines in Mexico. At times, it became Mexico's 3rd largest airline, after Aeroméxico and Mexicana de Aviacion. On November 9, 1999, a TAESA plane crashed. It was flying from Uruapan to Mexico City International Airport. The crash killed 18 people. That crash and other factors led to TAESA declaring bankruptcy in February 2000. 

Adria Airways

Adria Airways was the national airline of Slovenia. It began on 14 March 1961 and ended on 30 September 2019. In 1969, it bought its first jet aircraft, the Douglas DC-9. In December 1981, an Adria airplane crashed in Corsica. The crash killed 180 people. Adria bought its first Airbus A320 in 1989. As of June 2015, Adria has 12 airplanes.

Universal indicator

A universal indicator is a test to measure the pH value of a liquid. The solution that is used has several chemical indicators in it. This means that the indicator is able to show different colours (and therefore pH value ranges). The drawback of this solution is that it cannot be used for titrations, which expect a well-defined change in color.

Anti-revisionism

Anti-revisionism is opposition to attempts to modify or reject the fundamentals of communist revolutionary theory and practice. Reformism is seen as a concession to communism's adversaries.

Revisionism comes from within the Party, towards whatever is the standard policy of the Party. After Stalin's death, Krushchev's style and policies were thought by Stalinists to be revisionist. The People's Republic of China under Mao Zedong and the People's Republic of Albania under Enver Hoxha proclaimed themselves to be taking an anti-revisionist line and denounced Khrushchev's policies.

Paul Pogba

Paul Labile Pogba is a French professional footballer. He plays for Serie A club Juventus and the France national team. He is currently suspended for testing positive for testosterone.

Pogba began his professional career with Manchester United in 2011. In 2012 he began playing for Juventus. In 2016 he transferred back to Manchester United for a world-record £89m.

He won the World Cup for France against Croatia on 15 July 2018.

Kazuo Chiba

Kazuo Chiba (; 5 February 1940 – 5 June 2015), also known as T. K. Chiba, was a Japanese aikido teacher. He was best known as the founder of Birankai International which includes organizations in the United Kingdom, France, Austria, Greece, Poland, Canada, the United States and many other places worldwide. He was active in aikido for 50 years from 1958 until his retirement in 2008. He was born in Tochigi Prefecture.

Chiba died after a long illness on 5 June 2015 in San Diego, California, United States. He was 75.

Albert West

Albertus Petrus Enricus Gerardus Westelaken (2 September 1949 – 4 June 2015), better known by his stage name Albert West, was a Dutch pop singer and record producer. He was the lead singer of The Shuffles from 1963 to 1973. He was born in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant.


The Shuffles

The Shuffles were a Dutch pop band formed in Rosmalen, North Brabant. The group, fronted by the late Albert West, were active for ten years from 1963 until 1973.


World Environment Day

World Environment Day (WED) is celebrated every year on June 5. On this day, people are supposed to do good things for the natural environment and sustainability. These acts help to protect nature and the planet Earth. It is run by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP).

The theme in 2023 is “Solutions for plastic pollution”, 2022 was “Only One Earth”, 2021 was “Ecosystem restoration”, 2020 was "Time for nature", in 2019 was “Beat Air pollution” and in 2018 was "Beat Plastic pollution".



2015 FIFA Women's World Cup

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup was the seventh FIFA Women's World Cup, hosted by Canada. The tournament began on 6 June and ended on 5 July. In a rematch of the 2011 final, the defending champions Japan met the United States. The USA scored four goals in the first 16 minutes, with three by Carli Lloyd, on their way to a 5–2 win and their third Women's World Cup title.

The cities of Vancouver, Edmonton, Winnipeg, Ottawa, Montreal and Moncton hosted matches.

Some believe that artificial turf causes more injuries than normal grass. More than 50 players have protested the use of artificial turf, saying that it is sexist. They filed a lawsuit against FIFA, however, they dropped the lawsuit in January 2015.










Anja Mittag

Anja Mittag (born in Karl-Marx-Stadt, East Germany on 16 May 1985) is a German association football player who currently plays for Paris Saint-Germain Féminines and the Germany women's national football team. She has won the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup, UEFA Women's Euro 2009 and the UEFA Women's Euro 2013. She was also Sweden's Player of the Year in 2012 and 2014 while she played in the Damallsvenskan.

2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group A

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group A is a group in the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup that include Canada, Netherlands, China, New Zealand.

1 goal


2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group B

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group B is a group in the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup that includes Germany, Norway, Thailand and the Ivory Coast.

4 goals


3 goals


2 goals


1 goal


2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group C

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group C is a group in the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup that includes Japan, Switzerland, Cameroon and Ecuador.

2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group D

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group D is a group in the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup that includes United States, Australia, Sweden, Nigeria.

Ada Hegerberg

Ada Hegerberg (born in Molde, Norway on 10 July 1995) is a Norwegian association football player who currently plays for Olympique Lyonnais and the Norway women's national football team. She has an older sister named Andrine Hegerberg. She also is part of Norway's 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup squad.

Sara Däbritz

Sara Däbritz (born 15 February 1995 in Amberg, Germany) is a German association football player who currently plays for FC Bayern Munich and the Germany women's national football team.

She played for SpVgg SV Weiden and SC Freiburg in her youth, and played for SC Freiburg in her senior career until she transfered to FC Bayern Munich in 2015.

Däbritz has played for Germany's Under 15, Under 17, Under 19 and Under 20 youth squads. She most recently was played in the 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup and the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup.

"As of 15 June 2015"

"As of 15 June 2015"

Lieke Martens

Lieke Martens (born on 16 December 1992 in Nieuw-Bergen, Netherlands) is a Dutch association football player who currently plays for Barcelona and the Netherlands women's national football team. She has also played for the clubs SC Heerenveen, VVV-Venlo, Standard Liège and FCR 2001 Duisburg. She was part of the Netherlands' 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup squad.


Standard Liège

Rosengård

Barcelona

Netherlands

Individual

Orders

FCR 2001 Duisburg

FCR 2001 Duisburg (officially known as Fußballclub Rumeln 2001 Duisburg) was a German women's association football club that was dissolved in 2013 because of a financial crisis. After the club disbanded, it merged with MSV Duisburg.

Some notable players who played for the club include Alexandra Popp, Ashlyn Harris, Sara Däbritz, Simone Laudehr, Lieke Martens and Annike Krahn.


Lakmé

Lakmé is a French opera in three acts by Léo Delibes, first performed at the Opéra-Comique in Paris, on April 14, 1883, libretto by Edmond Gondinet and Philippe Gille, after Pierre Loti Rarahu's "Le mariage de Loti". An immediate success, it has remained one of the most popular of French operas.




Netherlands women's national football team

The Netherlands women's national football team (Dutch: Nederlands vrouwenvoetbalelftal) is the women's association football team that represents the European country of the Netherlands. They are managed by the Royal Dutch Football Association and are part of UEFA and FIFA. In 1971, they played their first official match recognized by FIFA against France. The team has taken part in the UEFA Women's Championship three times and became champions in 2017 when they hosted the tournament. They also played in the World Cup twice they qualified for their first FIFA Women's World Cup in 2015 and in 2019, they reached the final but lost 2–0 against the United States. This also meant they could play in the 2020 Olympics, but they were defeated in the quarter-finals. Women's football was not allowed in many countries for a long time, and even when it was allowed, it faced doubts and criticism. However, the Netherlands team gained more fans after their surprising victory in the 2017 European Championship held in their own country. As of 27 March 2015, their FIFA ranking is 12.

Vasili Zhupikov

Vasili Mikhailovich Zhupikov () (16 January 1954 – 7 June 2015) was a Soviet football player and a Russian coach.

Zhupikov made his debut for USSR on September 7, 1977 in a game against Poland. He played in the UEFA Euro 1980 qualifiers (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).

Andrine Hegerberg

Andrine Stolsmo Hegerberg (born on 3 June 1993 in Sunndalsøra, Norway) is a Norwegian association football midfielder who currently plays for Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC and the Norway women's national football team. She has also played for Kolbotn Fotball, Stabæk Fotball Kvinner and 1. FFC Turbine Potsdam. Her younger sister is Ada Hegerberg.

Khieu Samphan

Khieu Samphan (; born July 27, 1931) is a former Cambodian communist politician. He was the president of the state of Democratic Kampuchea (Cambodia) from 1976 until 1979.

He was one of the most powerful officials in the Khmer Rouge movement, although Pol Pot remained the General Secretary (highest official) in the party.

Samphan is the second oldest living former Khmer Rouge leader, alongside Nuon Chea. On August 7, 2014, they were convicted and received life sentences for crimes against humanity during the Cambodian Genocide.

Chea Sim

Chea Sim (; 15 November 19328 June 2015) was a Cambodian politician. He was the President of the National Assembly of Cambodia from 1981 to 1998 (Vice President from June to October 1993) and President of the Senate from 1999 until his death.

Célia Šašić

Célia Šašić (née: Okoyino da Mbabi; born on 27 June 1988 in Bonn, Germany) is a German association football forward who currently plays for 1. FFC Frankfurt and the Germany women's national football team. She is one of the best German footballers of her generation. She was the Bundesliga top scorer in 2013–14 and 2014–15, and was also named the German Player of the Year in 2012. She is of Cameroonian decent.

She also won the Golden Boot as the leading goal scorer in the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup. Because she was tied with American Carli Lloyd with 6 goals, the award was decided by tiebreakers. Both were even on the first tiebreaker of assists, with one each. Šašić won the award on the second tiebreaker, having played fewer minutes than Lloyd.

The Crazy Ones

The Crazy Ones is an American sitcom created by David E. Kelley. It starred Robin Williams and Sarah Michelle Gellar. The single-camera series aired on CBS on September 26, 2013.

It was based in Chicago, Illinois. It was about Simon Roberts (Williams) who is an advertising executive and his daughter, Sydney Roberts (Gellar) also an executive working together. It was cancelled on April 17, 2014.


Germany women's national football team

The Germany women's national football team is the women's association football team that represents the European country of Germany. The team is one of the most successful in the world, with two FIFA Women's World Cup victories, and eight UEFA Women's Championship victories. The top scorer is Birgit Prinz with 128 goals.


UEFA Women's Euro 2013

The UEFA Women's Euro 2013 (also called the Women's Euro 2013) was the 11th UEFA Women's Championship tournament. It took place in Sweden and it lasted from 10–28 July. The champions were Germany, winning their 6th consecutive title, and their 8th overall.

Neverland Ranch

Neverland Ranch is a property in Santa Barbara County, California, United States. In 1987 Michael Jackson purchased it for an estimated $19.5 million USD. He lost the property by 2007. The ranch is currently for sale for $100 million.

The property has been renamed Sycamore Valley Ranch. The Victorian-style mansion and the train station with the floral clock are still there. The amusement park has been removed. Also the zoo animals have been relocated. The private fire department on the ranch is no longer staffed with firemen. The property is being sold by the real estate investment company, Colony Capital.

<br>

Human–computer interaction

Human-computer interaction (often shortened to HCI) is a field of computer science that looks at the ways in which a human uses a computer and interacts with it. The focus in human-computer interaction is in the design of interactive systems, and in the user interfaces by which the human interacts.

Daria

Daria is an American animated comedy-drama television series. It is a spin-off of Beavis and Butt-head. It centers on teenager Daria Morgendorffer. It is set in a fictional universe in Lawndale. The show started airing on January 1, 1997. The last episode was shown on January 21, 2002. 

Air Seychelles

Air Seychelles is the national airline of Seychelles. It started in 1978. In 1983, it began international flights to Frankfurt and London. Its head office is at Seychelles International Airport on the island of Mahé. As of 2015, Air Seychelles flies to 10 cities and has 10 airplanes. 

<br>

Sedition

Sedition is a term from law, which is used for people who act and speak openly against the government and those in power, to cause an uprising or a rebellion. In many countries, such behaviour is a criminal offence. 

Linda Sembrant

Linda Sembrant (born on 15 May 1987 in Uppsala, Sweden) is a Swedish association football defender who currently plays for Montpellier HSC and the Sweden women's national football team. She has played for Sweden in the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup, 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup.

Gaëlle Enganamouit

Gaëlle Deborah Enganamouit (born on 9 June 1992 in Yaoundé, Cameroon) is a Cameroonian association football midfielder and forward who currently plays for Eskilstuna United DFF and the Cameroon women's national football team. She has also played for Lorema Yaoundé and ŽFK Spartak Subotica. She can play a variety of positions, but normally she plays as a midfielder or forward.

Madeleine Ngono Mani

Madeleine Michèle Ngono Mani (born on 16 October 1983 in Cameroon) is a Cameroonian association football forward who currently plays for En Avant de Guingamp and the Cameroon women's national football team. With Cameroon, she has played at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup.

Bundesliga (women)

The Frauen-Bundesliga () is the main women's football league competition in Germany. It is the women's equivalent of the Bundesliga.

The league was formed in 1990, and the most successful team has been 1. FFC Frankfurt, while the current champions are Bayern Munich.


2014–15 Bundesliga (women)

The 2014–15 Frauen Bundesliga was the 25th season of the Frauen Bundesliga in Germany. It took place from 30 August 2014 to 10 May 2015. Bayern Munich won their first Bundesliga title.


Christen Press

Christen Annemarie Press (born December 29, 1988 in Los Angeles, California, United States) is an American professional soccer player. She currently plays for Manchester United W.F.C. of the FA Women's Super League and the United States women's national team as a forward. Along with her football career, she has also been in several advertisements with Nike and Coppertone. Along with some of her teammates, she has also been in the popular American TV series, The Simpsons.

Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC

Tyresö FF
United States
Individual


2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 1

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 1 was one of the European qualifying groups for the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup. In the end, Germany were group winners. The top scorer was Anja Mittag of Germany with 11 goals.

Matross

A matross was a soldier of artillery. He was a member of an artillery (gun) crew. A matross ranked next below a gunner. The duty of a matross was to assist the gunners in loading, firing and sponging the guns. They were armed with muskets and bayonets. They marched with the store-wagons, acting as guards. In the American army a matross ranked as a private of artillery. 

Matrosses were first used in the British Army in 1639. Before that they were called gunner's assistants. In the German language a matrose means a sailor. The work assigned to the matross was considered sailor's work on a ship. It was an effort to give the assistant a respectable title. But their pay rate remained the same. In 1873 all matrosses were promoted to the rank of gunner. The rank of matross was no longer used.

A soldier's manual for artillery used by Americans in the Revolutionary war gave a detailed instruction for a matross. In part it said:

By the War of 1812 an ideal gun crew could be up to 15 men. Each man would have a specific task in the sequence of loading and firing the artillery piece. Often a non-commissioned officer would commanded the gun crew and aimed the gun. Like the other gun crew members, the matross had a specific place to stand as he performed his duties.

<br>

2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 3

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 3 was one of the European qualifying groups for the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup. In the end, Switzerland were group winners. The top scorer was Lara Dickenmann of Switzerland with 10 goals.

Afghanistan national football team

Afghanistan national football team is the national football team of Afghanistan.

Aruba national football team

Aruba national football team is the national football team of Aruba.

Bahamas national football team

Bahamas national football team is the national football team of Bahamas.

David Rotem

David Rotem (‎; 11 January 1949 – 8 June 2015) was an Israeli politician. He served as a member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu between 2007 and 2015. He was born in Bnei Brak to a Orthodox Jewish family, and grew up in Jerusalem.

Rotem died from cardiac arrest on 8 June 2015 in Efrat, West Bank, aged 66.

Iceland women's national football team

The Iceland women's national football team is a women's association football team that represents Iceland. Although the team has not qualified for a FIFA Women's World Cup, it has been at two UEFA Women's Championship tournaments. As of 8 June 2015, The top scorer is Margrét Lára Viðarsdóttir with 70 goals, and the woman with the most appearances is Katrín Jónsdóttir with 132 caps.

Official website

Katrín Jónsdóttir

Katrín Jónsdóttir (born on 31 May 1977 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is former Icelandic association football defender who played for various clubs throughout Norway, Iceland and Sweden, most notably Valur. She was a regular in the Iceland women's national football team, and she now has the record for the most appearances for the team.

She has played for the Icelandic clubs of Valur, Breiðablik UBK, Stjarnan; the Norwegian club of Kolbotn Fotball; and the Swedish clubs of Umeå IK and Djurgårdens IF.

Jónsdóttir played for the Under-17 and Under 21 Icelandic youth teams. She made her senior team debut in May of 1994 in a exhibition game against Scotland. 

She helped Iceland qualify for the UEFA Women's Championship in 2009, however, her team lost all three group stage matches against Norway, France and Germany.

She appeared in the UEFA Women's Euro 2013 and helped her team advance to the knockout stage, where Iceland would eventually get knocke out in the quarter-finals against Sweden.





Francisca Ordega

Francisca Ordega (born 19 October 1993 in Nigeria) is a Nigerian association football forward who currently plays for the American club of Washington Spirit and the Nigeria women's national football team. She has appeared in the 2010 African Women's Championship, 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup and the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup.


Bahrain national football team

Bahrain national football team is the national football team of Bahrain.

Edmonton (disambiguation)

Edmonton is the capital city of the Canadian province Alberta. It may also refer to:







Wapping

Wapping is an area in East London. It is in the borough of Tower Hamlets, in London, United Kingdom. Wapping is by the River Thames (the longest river in England). Wapping was probably named by the Saxons when they lived here. Their leader was named Waeppa. England's first marine police force was created in 1798 in Wapping. There were 163 bombs dropped in Wapping (including St Katherine's docks) during World War II. This was from October 7, 1940 to June 6, 1941. There is a famous landmark in Wapping called the Prospect of Whitby which is a very famous pub.

In Wapping there are two primary schools. St. Peter's London Docks primary school and Hermitage primary school.

<br>

Deepin

Deepin is a free operating system that uses the Linux kernel.

It is one of the most popular Chinese Linux distributions and it is based on Debian. The goal with deepin is to make it easy to use and install onto a computer. deepin can be used on all types of personal computers. deepin is downloaded as a DVD, which is free to download on the deepin website. It can be installed or tested by running the DVD.

Started in 2004, deepin has been developed at a fast rate by Wuhan Deepin Technology Co., Ltd, a Chinese company.

The release cycle has followed various schedules but currently aims at four releases per year. Releases are delayed if the work of development and testing has not been completed.
deepin is based on Debian and both distributions have a lot in common. Both distributions use the same software repositories. Most differences are on the desktop. Debian has a vastly larger support community than deepin. However, the majority of Debian help and advice is also applicable to deepin. Debian and deepin support also x86-64 CPU architecture.

Many popular multimedia codecs are not installed by default in deepin. deepin and many other gratis GNU/Linux distributions such as Debian and Ubuntu, do not distribute these codecs with the initial install media due to patent encumberment issues.

deepin 2014.x was based on Ubuntu; Ubuntu and deepin both focus on usability, but deepin offers a different user experience (DDE) and it includes a number of applications that are not available in Ubuntu (Deepin Store).



FC Bayern Munich (women)

The FC Bayern Munich women is a German women's association football club that is from Munich, Germany. The team was successful in the 1970's, but unlike the male team, the club has been battling relegation until the 2010's. They won the Frauen Bundesliga for the first time in their 2014–15 season.


Extragalactic astronomy

Extragalactic astronomy is astronomy about objects outside our Milky Way galaxy. It is the study of everything that is not covered in galactic astronomy: the study of objects in our galaxy.

Because of improvements in technology, we can see distant objects in more detail. Two versions of extragalactic astronomy are: near-extragalactic astronomy (the study of galaxies in our Local Group) and far-extragalactic astronomy (the study of objects outside our Local Group). 

Pages on extragalactic astronomy include:

Snapchat

Snapchat is a photo sharing app. Using the app, people can take pictures, add a text or drawing and send them to a list of contacts. The service started in September 2011. At first it was intended to send selfies that would disappear quickly but people learned how to save the pictures.

In June 2017 the app added "Snap Map". Snap Map is a feature that broadcasts the user's location on a map. This caused concerns over privacy and safety. 

Reus

Reus is a city in Catalonia, Spain. It is the capital of Baix Camp, in the province of Tarragona. The area has always been an important producer of wines and spirits. It was famous at one time for its brandy. Today Reus is a popular center for rock-climbing. As of 2014, 104,962 people live in the city. The famous architect, Antoni Gaudí, was born in Reus. The poet and playwright Joaquín Bartrina (1850–1880) was born in Reus.

<br>

Valur

Knattspyrnufélagið Valur (English: Falcon Football Club; or simply known as Valur) is an Icelandic sports club. It is based in Reykjavík. The club originally was made for association football. It later brought in handball and basketball. The club is very successful in Iceland. They have won multiple trophies in all sports.





Raheem Sterling

Raheem Shaquille Sterling (born 8 December 1994) is an English football player. He currently plays for the English Premier League team Chelsea in the winger position. He received the Golden Boy award for 2014 from a pan-European panel of sports journalists.

Zin Mar Aung

Zin Mar Aung (; born 14 June 1976) is a Burmese activist. She received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S State Department in 2012.

Zin Mar Aung studied botany in the university. She received a degree from the University of Distance Education in Yangon. 

Zin Mar Aung was part of the Burma democracy movement. Because of this, she was a political prisoner for eleven years. She started a group for Asian culture and democracy. She also started a group to help women who were political prisoners. She also helped start a group for women's empowerment. In 2012, she became the leader of an organization for ethnic minorities in war areas. In 2013 she started to work with the International Foundation for Electoral Systems on women’s political empowerment under the Global Women’s Leadership Fund.


Raj Reddy

Dabbala Rajagopal (Raj) Reddy (born Kattoor, India 19 June 1937) is an Indian computer scientist and Carnegie Mellon University professor. He is noted for his contributions to artificial intelligence, robotics and speech recognition.

Reddy developed Hearsay I, the first speech recognition system, which is the foundation for all commercial speech recognition programs today. He received his master's degree in computer science at the University of New South Wales in 1961 and his PhD from Stanford University in 1966.

Reddy served on the faculty of Stanford and Carnegie Mellon University for over 40 years. He has won many international awards for his work, including the Turing Award (which is computer science's greatest honor), membership in the National Academy of Engineering and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the Legion of Honour, the IBM Research Ralph Gomory Fellow Award, the Padma Bhushan, the Okawa Prize, the Honda Prize, the IJCAI Donald E. Walker Distinguished Service Award, and the Vannevar Bush Award.

"Raj Reddy." World of Computer Science. Gale, 2006. Biography in Context. Web. 8 May 2015.
"Dr Raj Reddy makes PCs talk the masses language." Businessline. 21 Dec. 2004 eLibrary. Web. 29 May. 2015.
http://amturing.acm.org/award_winners/reddy_9634208.cfm
http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/1533587/Raj-Reddy

Samar Badawi

Samar Mohammad Badawi (Arabic: سمر بدوي born 1981) is a Saudi Arabian human rights activist. In 2012, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. State department.

Samar started a court case against her father, who abused her for 15 years. She accused her father of "adhl", because he did not permit her to marry. Samar's father started a court case against her. He accused her of disobedience, because he was her guardian. In Saudi Arabia, all women must have a guardian. Samar went to jail in April 2010. In October 2010, she got out of jail, after an international campaign. Her uncle became her new guardian.

Samar tried to register to vote in the 2011 Saudi Arabian elections. Her registration was refused. She started a court case against the Ministry of Municipal and Rural affairs.

In 2011 and 2012, Samar was part of the Women to drive movement. She drove regularly, and she helped other women drivers with police and court cases. In November 2011, Samar and Manal al-Sharif applied for driver's licenses. Their applications were refused. They filed charges with the Grievances Board against the Saudi Arabian General Directorate of Traffic.

In November 2013, Samar wrote on Twitter that she received American nationality.

On 16 September 2014, Samar went to a meeting of the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva, Switzerland. She represented the organizations Americans for Democracy and Human Rights in Bahrain (ADHRB), the Bahrain Institute of Rights and Democracy (BIRD), and Human Rights Watch in Saudi Arabia. She spoke about Human Rights advocates in Saudi Arabia, and her husband, Waleed Abulkhair. Her husband was in jail because he was an activist.

On 18 September 2014, Samar met with the High Commissioner of Human Rights, Prince Zeid bin Ra'ad. On 20 September 2014, she went to the US, where she met with US Senators and Secretaries and with human rights organizations. She talked about her husband and others who were in jail. After that, Samar said she received a threat from the Secretary of Foreign Minister of Saudi Arabia to stop talking about human rights. She returned to Saudi Arabia, but the government took her passport.

On 2 December 2014, Samar went to King Abdulaziz International Airport, to go to Brussels, Belgium for the 16th European Union (EU) NGOs Forum on Human Rights. Passport officials said she was not permitted to travel abroad.


Shad Begum

Shad Begum (شاد بیگم) is a social worker from Pakistan. In 2012 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State. 

Shad comes from a conservative and religious family. She is the first woman in her family to study in a university. Shad's family supports the political party named Jamaat-i-Islami, a conservative religious party. Shad says she always got support for her work from her father, her brothers, and her husband. 

In 1994, Shad started the Association for Behaviour and Knowledge Transformation (ABKT). The organization helps women in the area with projects for education, politics, and health. It also has projects for bridges, pumps, wells, streets, and loans for small business. The association gets its money from the Pakistani government and from international groups.

Shad had many problems because the society is conservative and dominated by men. There are very few working women. When the Taliban came to the area, Shad was threatened, so she moved the office to Peshawar. When Shad received the International Women of Courage Award, she asked news reporters not to write about it, because she was afraid. 


Maryam Durani

Maryam Durani (مَریَم دورانی) (born 1987) is an activist and women's advocate. In 2012 she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

Mariyam is the daughter of Haji Mohammad Eisa Durani. She is from the Durrani tribe. Maryam graduated from the American University of Afghanistan. She has a degree in business. She also studied law and political science. 

Mariyam was Kandahar people’s representative in the provincial council. She was director of Khadijatul Kubra women's association for culture. She was the owner of Merman Radio of Kandahar, a special women's radio. She started the Kandahar women's advocacy network. Maryam also started Malalai Maiwandi Internet cafe, a free women's internet cafe. It is a safe space for women to use the internet, and the first of its kind in Afghanistan. 

In 2012, Time Magazine chose Maryam as one of "The 100 Most Influential People in the World". According to Time, "As the owner and operator of a radio station (Merman Radio) that focuses on women's issues and as a member of the Kandahar provincial council, Durani stands up for the region's women with remarkable bravery."

In March 8, 2012 she received the U.S. Secretary of State’s International Women of Courage Award.

In May 2014, Maryam received the Roosevelt Four Freedoms Award in Middelburg, the Netherlands. Freedom of Speech and Expression 


Pricilla de Oliveira Azevedo

Pricilla de Oliveira Azevedo is a Brazilian police officer. In 2012 she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

In 1998, de Oliveira joined the Rio de Janeiro military police. In 2000 she started work in street operations. In 2007, she was attacked and kidnapped. She escaped and arrested three of her kidnappers.

In 2008 she became head of the first “Police Pacification Unit” (UPP) in Rio de Janeiro. In 2013, a man disappeared in Rocinha. The officers of the Police Pacification Unit were accused of being part of the crime. De Oliveira became head of the police unit. 

In 2012 De Oliveira received the International Women of Courage award, and "Veja" magazine named her Defender of the City.


Amor de barrio

Amor de barrio (English title: "Love from the Hood"), is a Mexican telenovela produced by Roberto Hernández for Televisa. It is a remake of the 1979 Mexican telenovela, "Muchacha de barrio". Production of "Amor de barrio" began on February 23, 2015.

The telenovela began airing on June 8, 2015. The program is expected to have 210 episodes.

Mane de la Parra, Renata Notni, Alejandra García and Pedro Moreno star as the main characters.

Living and working in the colorful neighborhood, La Lagunilla, two friends, Paloma and Laura, long for respective boyfriends and true love. Paloma, a law student and waitress, falls for Daniel, a wealthy doctor with a manipulative mother and a family filled with secrets. Laura finds love with Daniel's cousin, Raul, a business manager with his own complicated past.

Hana El Hebshi

Hana Elhebshi or Hana El Hebshi is a Libyan activist and architect. In 2012 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

During the Libyan revolution, Hana advised NATO on strikes. She also made public how many people Gaddafi's government killed during the war. She did this under the name "Numidia". She also fought for women's rights in Libya.


Gwen Verdon

Gwen Verdon (January 13, 1925 – October 18, 2000) was an American dancer and actress. She acted on stage and in movies. She won four Tony Awards for her musical comedy performances. In the musical "Damn Yankees", she played Lola. She played Abigail in "The Farmer Takes a Wife".

Verdon was born in Culver City, California. She died following a heart attack in Vermont at age 75.

Kim Stanley

Patricia Kimberley Reid (later called Kim Stanley; February 11, 1925 – August 20, 2001) was an American actress. She acted mostly in theater and television. She also acted in a few movies.

Stanley began her acting career in theater. She received the 1952 Theatre World Award for her role in "The Chase" (1952). During the 1950s, she worked a lot in television. She played Emily Ann Faulkner in "The Goddess" (1959). She later played Adult Scout in "To Kill a Mockingbird".

Stanley was born in Tularosa, New Mexico. She died in Santa Fe, New Mexico from uterine cancer.

Apache Indian

Steven Kapur (born 11 May 1967), also known as Apache Indian, is a UK vocalist, singer/songwriter and reggae DJ. He is noted for a distinctive vocal style. It is a mix of Asian, Jamaican and English cultural elements. Apache Indian was the earliest UK artist of Asian origin to make an impact on the UK charts with a series of hits during the nineties.



Renata Notni

Renata Notni (born January 2, 1995 in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico) is a Mexican actress and model.

Notni was born in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico. As a child, she attended acting lessons at Centro de Educación Artística, the children's version of drama school. Centro de Educación Artística is run by Televisa in Mexico City.

Notni had a relationship with Diego Amozurrutia. The relationship ended but they remain friends. She currently resides in Mexico City.

<br>

Mentone, Texas

Mentone is a census-designated place in the state of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of and only town in Loving County. In 2020, 22 people lived there. It was named for an abandoned city in Loving County, which has been named by a surveyor for his city of birth, Menton, France.

Kenya Airways

Kenya Airways is the flag carrier of Kenya. It began in 1977 after East African Airways stopped flying. Its main hub is at JKIA. In 1995, KLM and Kenya Airways signed a codeshare agreement. KLM purchased 26% of Kenya airline's shares. Kenya Airways joined the SkyTeam alliance in 2010 as a full member. As of 2015, the airline has 43 airplanes. They fly to Africa, Europe and Asia.

, the Kenya Airways fleet consists of the following aircraft:

<br>

Mentone

Mentone may mean one of many places:

Also, Menton, France can be "Mentone".

Saint Martin (disambiguation)

Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean Sea.

It can also refer to:

Taos Pueblo

Taos Pueblo is a small pueblo in New Mexico. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. 

Fu Manchu

Dr. Fu Manchu is a fictional character in novels by British author Sax Rohmer in the first half of the 20th century.

The character was also featured in cinema, television, radio, comic strips and comic books for over 90 years He is an archetype of the evil genius.

The author's description of him was:

A master criminal, Fu Manchu's murderous plots are marked by a use of biological warfare. He usually avoids guns or explosives, preferring dacoits, thuggee, and members of other secret societies as his agents. They use knives, or "pythons and cobras ... fungi and my tiny allies, the bacilli ... my black spiders" and other peculiar animals or natural chemical weapons.

In the earliest books, Fu Manchu is an agent of the secret society, the "Si-Fan". and is the mastermind behind a wave of assassinations of Western imperialists. In later books, he seeks control of the Si-Fan. The Si-Fan is largely funded through criminal activities, particularly the drug trade and white slavery. Dr. Fu Manchu has extended his already considerable lifespan by use of the "elixir vitae" (elixir of life), a formula he spent decades trying to perfect.

Fu Manchu is opposed by a typical English detective of the Sherlock Holmes type: Denis Nayland Smith. Fu Manchu's daughter, Fah Lo Suee, is a devious mastermind in her own right, plotting to usurp her father's position in the Si-Fan, and aiding his enemies within and outside of the organisation. Her real name is unknown; Fah lo Suee was a childhood term of endearment. She has been played by Anna May Wong, Myrna Loy, and several other actresses.

Dr. Fu Manchu has been criticized as an overtly racist creation. A review in "The Independent", says "These magnificently absurd books, glowing with a crazed exoticism, are really far less polar, less black-and-white, less white-and-yellow, than they first seem".

Actors who have played Fu Manchu in movies include Boris Karloff (once), Warner Oland (four times), and Christopher Lee (five times).

Actresses who played his daughter Fa Lo Suee include Myrna Loy and Anna May Wong, but most of all by Tsai Chin, who played the role five times in the 1960s. The character of Fa Lo Suee was usually renamed to a form which could be pronounced more easily.

The other female character who appears in several of the stories, and hence in some of the films, is Karamaneh, styled "Kâramanèh".
The story-line is that she was sold to the Si-Fan by Egyptian slave traders while she was still a child. She appears in five novels of the series as a love interest.


Modding in Grand Theft Auto

Grand Theft Auto is a series of video games created by a company named Rockstar Games. The game is very popular in the world. Due to this popularity it has become a platform to develop small programs which are called mods. The full form is modifications. The name itself suggests that it makes small modifications in the game and gives it special abilities which have not given by the creators.

There are several websites on the web which provide mods of most of the GTA games. Some mods are installed externally in the game directory while installing some mods require to replace it with an original file.

People could install many mods and create their own GTA with new players, missions, etc. The web is already filled with many mods.

Mods are modifications created by the community to change or expand the game. Mods are about adding new functions, improvements or even completely new game elements GTA. GTA Roleplay stands for roleplay in the world of Grand Theft Auto, giving players the unique opportunity to slip into the skin of different characters and write their own story. Whether as a gangster boss on the streets or a police officer for law and order - there are no limits to creativity in GTA 6 RP. Unlike in GTA Online, players in GTA RP can communicate with other players via voice chat.

Wage theft

Wage theft is when employers illegally hold back money due to their workers (employees). They may withhold wages or deny benefits that are rightfully due to an employee. It is a term used in the in the United States, but the idea applies more widely. 

Examples are: failure to pay overtime, paying less than the minimum wage, illegal deductions in pay, working off the clock, or not being paid at all.

Wage theft from low wage immigrant workers is common in the United States. The Economic Policy Institute reported in 2014 that survey evidence suggests wage theft costs US workers billions of dollars a year. The rights violated by wage theft have been guaranteed to workers in the United States in the 1938 Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA).

In February 2010 Miami-Dade County, Florida became the first jurisdiction in America to ban wage theft. Before that, wage theft was called "the crime wave that almost no one talks about".

Voice-over

A voice-over is a technique used in movies, television, theater, and many other types of presentation. When voice-over is used, the sound of the voice is used over other images. The character doing the voice-over is not seen.

Edward MacDowell

Edward Alexander MacDowell (December 18, 1860January 23, 1908) was an American composer and pianist of the Romantic period. His best known works include his two piano concertos and his piano collections "Woodland Sketches, Sea Pieces" and "New England Idylls". "Woodland Sketches" includes his most popular short piece, "To a Wild Rose". In 1904 he was one of the first seven Americans made members in the American Academy of Arts and Letters.


George Caleb Bingham

George Caleb Bingham (March 20, 1811 – July 7, 1879) was an American artist. His paintings of American life in the frontier lands along the Missouri River are good examples of the Luminist style. Bingham was little-known in his time. His work was rediscovered in the 1930s. By 2011, he was considered one of the greatest American painters of the 19th century. 



Nathan Hale

Nathan Hale (June 6, 1755 – September 22, 1776) was a soldier in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War. He volunteered for a spying mission in New York City, but was captured by the British and executed. He is probably best remembered for possibly saying before being hanged: "I only regret that I have but one life to give for my country." Hale has long been considered an American hero. In 1985, he was officially designated the state hero of Connecticut.

Thomas D. Rice

Thomas Dartmouth Rice (May 20, 1808 – September 19, 1860) was an American entertainer. He developed a character called Jim Crow. Using African-American speech, song, and dance, Rice performed successfully as Jim Crow in America and England. Rice is known as the "Father of the Minstrel Show". 

Rice was born in New York City in 1808. He had some formal schooling, and was apprenticed to a woodcarver in his teens. By 1827 though, he had entered the entertainment field and was acting in theaters around the United States.

About 1828, Rice developed a burnt-cork blackface character called Jim Crow. This character was a witty, raggedy black man, and was based on a real-life black stableman Rice saw singing and dancing to a tune called "Jump Jim Crow". By 1830, Rice was performing in theaters as Jim Crow. His act was widely popular in America and England. 

In the last quarter of the nineteenth century, "Jim Crow" became a term used to describe racial segregation laws in the United States. Whites referred to all black males as "Jim Crows". Rice wrote and appeared in "Ginger Blue, Jim Crow in London", and a comic rendition of "Othello". He also appeared on Broadway as the title character in an adaptation of "Uncle Tom's Cabin".

About 1840, Rice began to suffer from a paralysis that affected his speech and movement. He died of a stroke on September 19, 1860, and was buried in Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, New York. 


Wang Lisi

Wang Lisi (; born 28 November 1991 in Nanjing, China) is a Chinese association football midfielder who currently plays for Jiangsu Huatai and the China women's national football team.


LED lamp

A LED lamp is a product that uses a Light-emitting diode and that is assembled into a lamp or a light bulb. LED lamps last much longer, and are more efficient than incandescent lamps. Many LED lamps are also better than fluorescent lamps. 

Unlike fluorescent lamps, most LED lamps do not need to "warm up" before they emit the full amount of light.

China women's national football team

The China women's national football team is the women's association football team that plays on behalf of Mainland China.

"As of 12 June 2015"

Barbara Mikulski

Barbara Ann Mikulski (born July 20, 1936) is an American politician. In January 2007, she became the senior United States Senator from Maryland. She is a member of the U.S. Democratic Party. Mikulski was first elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1986. She was elected to the Senate in 1986. Mikulski is the longest serving woman in the history of the United States Congress.

Senator Mikulski retired in 2017.

Mikulski was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

2014 AFC Women's Asian Cup

The 2014 AFC Women's Asian Cup was the 18th edition of the AFC Women's Asian Cup. It was won by Japan, who got their first title.

These teams automatically qualified for the tournament because they were in the top 4 of the previous tournament. The North Korea team wasn't allowed to be in the tournament because of a doping scandal in the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.

These teams were in the tournament because they won their qualification group.








AFC Women's Asian Cup

The AFC Women's Asian Cup is a women's association football tournament for teams in Asia. The most successful team is currently the China women's national football team with 8 titles.


Yang Li (footballer)

Yang Li (Traditional Chinese: 楊麗; Simplified Chinese: 杨丽; born in Lianyungang, China on 26 February 1993) is a Chinese association football forward who plays for the China women's national football team. She was one of the top scorers in the 2014 AFC Women's Asian Cup.

China PR national football team



1968–71 Nordic Football Championship

The 1968–71 Nordic Football Championship was the 10th Nordic Football Championship. Four Nordic countries were in the tournament, Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. Sweden ended up winning their 8th title.

Alex Morgan

Alexandra Patricia Morgan (born July 2, 1989 in San Dimas, California, United States) is a professional women's footballer. She plays as a forward for the San Diego Wave of the National Women’s Soccer League and the United States women's national soccer team (USWNT).

She won an Olympic gold medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics, a bronze medal in the 2020 Summer Olympics, and also the 2015 and 2019 World Cups with the US national team.

Morgan began her career with West Coast FC in the WPSL in 2008. Then she moved to California Storm in 2010, and later that year she moved to Pali Blues of the USL W-League. In 2011, she transferred to Western New York Flash, and in 2012, she joined Seattle Sounders. Morgan moved to Oregon to play for Portland Thorns in 2013, and she stayed with the team until 2015. Orlando Pride bought her in October 2015, and Morgan played for them from 2016 to 2019. She also played one season with Olympique Lyon in France, and she won the UEFA Women's Champions League that season. She won three trophies with Olympique Lyon.

Notes

Western New York Flash
Portland Thorns FC
Lyon



Miranda (programming language)

Miranda is a functional programming language from the 1980s. It was not seen as a tool to teach functional programming. Miranda affected other programming languages like Haskell, but it is not used very much anymore.

History of the geologic time scale

This article describes the history of the geologic time scale.
The principles were first laid down by Nicolaus Steno in the late 17th century. Steno argued that rock layers (or strata) are laid down in succession, and that each represents a "slice" of time.

Steno formulated the principle of superposition. This says that any given stratum is probably older than those above it and younger than those below it. This principle is simple, but applying it to real rocks is complicated by their history. During the 18th century geologists realized that: 

The first serious attempts to formulate a time scale of historical geology that could be applied anywhere on Earth happened in the late 18th century. The most influential of those early attempts was led by Abraham Werner and others. They divided the rocks of the Earth's crust into four types: Primary, Secondary, Tertiary, and Quaternary. Each type of rock, according to the theory, formed during a period of Earth history. It was possible to speak of a "Tertiary period" as well as of "Tertiary rocks". Indeed, "Tertiary" (now Palaeocene-Pliocene) and "Quaternary" (now Pleistocene-Holocene) remained in use as names of geological periods well into the 21th century.

Werner had the idea that all rocks had precipitated out of a single enormous flood. That is called the Neptunist theory. A major shift in thinking came when James Hutton read his "Theory of the Earth; or, an Investigation of the Laws Observable in the Composition, Dissolution, and Restoration of Land Upon the Globe" before the Royal Society of Edinburgh in March and April 1785. James Hutton in those reading became "the founder of modern geology". Hutton suggested the interior of the Earth was hot, and that this heat was the engine which drove the creation of new rock. Land was eroded by air and water and deposited as layers in the sea; heat then consolidated the sediment into stone, and uplifted it into new lands. This theory was called Plutonist in contrast to the flood-oriented theory.

The identification of strata by the fossils they contained was pioneered by William Smith, Georges Cuvier and others in the early 19th century. Geologists could divide Earth history more precisely. If two strata (however distant in space or different in composition) contained the same fossils, chances were good that they had been laid down at the same time. Detailed studies between 1820 and 1850 of the strata and fossils of Europe produced the sequence of geological periods still used today. Cuvier thought many of the geological features of the Earth could be explained by catastrophic events which had caused the extinction of many species of animals. Over the course of his career, Cuvier came to believe there had not been a single catastrophe, but several, resulting in a succession of different faunas.

British geologists were most active in the 19th century. The "Cambrian," (the Roman name for Wales) and the "Ordovician," and "Silurian", named after ancient Welsh tribes, were periods defined by Welsh rocks. The "Devonian" was named after the English county of Devon, and the name "Carboniferous" was simply an adaptation of "the Coal Measures," the old British geologists' term for the same set of strata. The "Permian" was named after Perm, Russia, because it was defined using strata in that region by a Scottish geologist Roderick Murchison. British geologists were also responsible for the grouping of periods into eras and the subdivision of the Tertiary and Quaternary periods into epochs. In general, periods were named after places where the rocks were easy to see.

Geologists and paleontologists based the geologic table on the relative positions of different strata and fossils. They estimated the time scales based on studying rates of various processes. They estimated weathering, erosion, sedimentation, and how long it took to turn sediment into hard rock. The discovery of radioactivity in 1896 and its geological applications by radiometric dating happened in the first half of the 20th century. It made possible the absolute dating of rocks, and the discovery of the age of the Earth.

The International Commission on Stratigraphy is working to define exactly when geologic periods start and finish, and where the best examples are. They are called Global Boundary Stratotype Sections and Points (GSSP).

Yam

A yam is a root vegetable. It is similar to a sweet potato, but not related to them. The inside of a yam is white or orange. Yams are related to lilies and grasses.

Yam is the common name for some species in the genus "Dioscorea". These are perennial vines grown to eat. They are grown in Africa, Asia, Latin America, the Caribbean and Oceania. 95 percent of world's yam crop is harvested in West Africa.

Yam is a vegetable that can be cooked in many ways. It can be barbecued; roasted; fried; grilled; boiled; baked; smoked and when grated it is used in desserts.

Yam tubers can grow up to 1.5 meters (4.9 feet) in length and weigh up to 70 kilograms (154 lb) and 3 to 6 inches high. The skin is rough and hard to peel. It softens after heating. The inside ranges in color from white or yellow to purple or pink in mature yams.

Some people in the United States and Canada call the sweet potato a yam, but it is not a yam.

Six Flags Great America

Six Flags Great America is a theme park in Gurnee, Illinois, United States, opening in 1976.

Frank Cappuccino

Frank Capcino (February 7, 1929 – June 8, 2015), better known by his ring name Frank Cappuccino, was an American boxing referee. He was best for officiating the Mike Tyson and Michael Spinks fight on June 27, 1988 in Atlantic City, New Jersey. He played a referee in the movie "Rocky V" (1990). He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Cappuccino died from Alzheimer's disease on June 8, 2015 in Yardley, Pennsylvania, aged 86.

James Last

Hans "Hansi" Last (17 April 1929 – 9 June 2015), better known by his stage name James Last, was a German composer and big band leader. His "happy music" sold over 100 million albums. He worked in mainly his native Germany and the United Kingdom.

Last was born in Bremen. He was married twice and had two children.

Last died of an illness on 9 June 2015 in Palm Beach, Florida, United States. He was 86.


Fred Anton Maier

Fred Anton Maier (15 December 1938 – 9 June 2015) was a Norwegian speed skater. He won four Winter Olympics medals in 1964 and 1968. He was also a cyclist. He was born in Nøtterøy, Vestfold.

Maier died from cancer on 9 June 2015 in Nøtterøy, aged 76.

Jack King (NASA)

John W. "Jack" King (April 1931 – June 11, 2015) was an American public affairs officer. He was a Chief of Public Information and Public Affairs Officer for NASA. He was best known for his work as Kennedy Space Center Chief of Public Information during projects Mercury, Gemini and Apollo. Following announcing the Apollo 11, he earned him the nickname "Voice of Apollo".

King was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He was married to Evelyn until her death in 2005. They had three children. He was a Catholic.

King died from congestive heart failure on June 11, 2015 in Cocoa Beach, Florida. He was 84.

Jim Ed Brown

James Edward "Jim Ed" Brown (April 1, 1934 – June 11, 2015) was an American country music singer. He was a member of The Browns with his sisters Maxine and Bonnie Brown. He also worked with Helen Cornelius and was a solo artist. He was born in Sparkman, Arkansas.

Brown died from cancer on June 11, 2015 in Franklin, Tennessee, aged 81.

Wolfgang Jeschke

Wolfgang Jeschke (19 November 1936 – 10 June 2015) was a German sci-fi author and editor. He was best known for his novel "The Last Day of Creation" (1981). In 1987, he won the Harrison Award for international achievements in science fiction. His works were published at Heyne publishing house ().

Jeschke was in Tetschen, Czechoslovakia (now Děčín, Czech Republic). He grew up in Asperg near Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg.

Jeschke died on 10 June 2015 in Munich, aged 78.

Pedro Zerolo

Pedro González Zerolo (20 July 1960 – 9 June 2015) was a Spanish lawyer, politician, activist and town councillor. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. Zerolo, who was gay, helped Spain become the first country to recognise same-sex marriage.

Zerolo was born in Caracas, Venezuela. He married Jesús Santos, his partner of ten years, in a civil ceremony in October 2005.

Zerolo died from pancreatic cancer on 9 June 2015 in Madrid. He was 55.

Cross burning

Cross burning is a practice associated with racism. In the United States, the Ku Klux Klan burned crosses close to the homes of people they wanted to intimidate. It is unrelated to a custom called fiery cross, which was common in Northern Europe. In that custom, a burning piece of wood was used in processions, or to call people together for a rebellion.

At first, Klans during the Reconstruction period did not burn crosses. The idea was introduced by Thomas Dixon Jr. in his novel, "The Clansmen". He took it from an old Scottish custom known as the "Crann Tara," used to declare war. It also called all clan members to defend a certain area. Most of the KKK's rituals were Scottish in origin; the group saw Medieval Europe as morally pure and white. Ten years after Dixon's book, D.W. Griffith directed The Birth of a Nation, the movie version of Dixon's novel.

Cross burning in the KKK did not really start until the early 1900s. Its purpose "was" to intimidate, despite the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in 2003. The case was called Virginia v. Black. The state of Virginia passed a law saying that any cross burning would be taken as an attempt to intimidate a person/group of people. The Supreme Court decided that cross burning was not meant to intimidate, and was an act of free speech, ruling the law unconstiutional.

Wedding of Prince Carl Philip of Sweden and Sofia Hellqvist

The Wedding of Prince Carl Philip, Duke of Värmland, and Sofia Hellqvist took place on 13 June 2015 at Slottskyrkan, Stockholm. On 27 June 2014 the couple announced their engagement officially.
Swedish music performers Avicii and Icona Pop performed some of their songs at the wedding reception.

After marrying the prince Sofia Hellqvist became a princess.

Robert Chartoff

Robert Chartoff (August 26, 1933 – June 10, 2015) was an American movie producer and philanthropist. He was born in New York City. He was known for producing "The Mechanic", "Rocky", and "Raging Bull".

Chartoff died in Santa Monica, California from pancreatic cancer, aged 81.

Rupert Davies

Rupert Davies (22 May 191622 November 1976) was a British actor. He is best known for playing the title role in the BBC's 1960s television adaptation of "Maigret", based on Georges Simenon's "Maigret" novels.

Davies was born in Liverpool. He died in London from cancer, aged 60.


Ozona, Texas

Ozona is a census-designated place in the state of Texas. It is the county seat of Crockett County. It is the only settlement in the county that is recognized by the Census Bureau. About 2,663 people lived there in 2020. First named Powell Well for E.M. Powell, a surveyor who made a well and a windmill in 1891. Its name was changed to Ozona because it has much open air or ozone.

Beverlee McKinsey

Beverlee McKinsey (August 9, 1935 – May 2, 2008) was an American actress. She is best known for her roles in television soap operas. She played Iris Carrington on "Another World" and the soap opera "Texas". She also played Alexandra Spaulding on "Guiding Light".

McKinsey was born in McAlester, Oklahoma Aug. 9, 1935. In 1956 she graduated from the University of Oklahoma with a bachelor's degree. She was an actress for over 30 years. She began acting in New York theater. McKinsey was an understudy for the Neil Simon play "Barefoot in The Park". In the 1960s she performed the lead role several times. She played opposite Robert Redford. She played the role of Honey in the 1964 London production of "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" by Edward Albee. In the late 1960s McKinsey moved to Hollywood. She made guest appearances in several television series. These included "Mannix," "The Virginian" and "Hawaii Five-O." She also played supporting roles in feature films such as "Bronco Billy" with Clint Eastwood.

McKinsey played Iris Carrington on “Another World,” broadcast on NBC From 1970 to 1979. She played the same role in 1980 and 1981 on the NBC spinoff “Texas”. From 1984 to 1992 she played Alexandra Spaulding on CBS's “Guiding Light". In 1992 she decided she wanted to quit acting. She had an "out" clause in her contract making it legal to leave the show. In 1994 she returned to acting briefly as Myrna Slaughter on ABC's “General Hospital”.

McKinsey died due to complications of a kidney transplant at age 72 in Santa Maria, California.

Between 1977 and 1980, McKinsey was nominated for four Daytime Emmy Awards for outstanding lead actress. All four were for her role as Iris on Another World. 


Give You What You Like

"Give You What You Like" is a soft rock ballad from Avril Lavigne. The lyrics are about fighting loneliness by having sex. The song has gotten praise from critics for expanding Lavigne's musical diversity. "Give You What You Like" is the fifth single from Lavigne's self-titled album, "Avril Lavigne".

Critics liked "Give You What You Like". They complimented the mature sound that Lavigne showed on the song. They also liked its equally mature themes. Jason Lipshutz of "Billboard" wrote that "the bright-eyed innocence of '17' and 'Bitchin' Summer' has vanished on 'Give You What You Like'". He further called it "a harrowing glimpse inside the exchange of physical pleasures to combat loneliness". But he criticized the song's production. He ended his review by comparing Lavigne's vocals in the song to those of her 2002 hit, "I'm with You". 

Allan Raible of ABC News wrote, "As the tempos slow down, things get less juvenile and slightly more interesting. 'Give You What You Like' begins with the words, 'Please wrap your drunken arms around me.' (At last, darker material!) This is a rather sleazy song, but it is way more interesting than the shallow stabs at teen pop. At least there is some sort of grit. It's not just a middle finger (referencing the album's opening track, "Rock n Roll")."

UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying Group D

Group D of the UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying tournament was a group that decided who goes to the UEFA Euro 2016. The group included the teams Germany, Poland, Gibraltar, Republic of Ireland, Scotland and Georgia.












Ultimate Air Shuttle

Ultimate Air Shuttle is an airline from the United States. It's main hub is at Cincinnati. It's first flight was in July 2009. The airline is a "shuttle" because it flies many flights a day between the cities it goes to. 


Jan Zachariasiewicz

Jan Chryzostom Zachariasiewicz (11 September 1823 – 7 May 1906) was a Polish writer and journalist. Most of his life he lived in Lviv. He worked there as a writer in Radymno. He was born in Radymno. He died in Krzywcza.

Zachariasiewicz came from a wealthy family and he was the only child of Antonina Gwiazdowska and Aleksander Zachariasiewicz. He started his education in a Lower-Secondary School in Przemyśl. In 1842 he was arrested and sent to prison for a plot in which he did not take part. In 1844 he returned to Radymno and later went to study at the University of Lwów. He studied literature, history and Maths classes.

In his free time, Zachariasiewicz wrote in "Gazeta Lwowska" and "Dziennik Mód Paryskich." During his life he met many famous people witch whom he cooperated, e. g. Karol Szajnoch, Wincenty Pol, Kornel Ujejski, Jan Dobrzański. In 1848 he became the main editor of "Tygodnik Polski." In the 5th edition he wrote a love poem which led to closing down the newspaper and sending Zachariasiewicz to Theresienstadt fortress. After 4 years he was released and he returned to Radymno. In 1854 he came back to Lviv where he worked in "Nowiny newspaper".

Zachariasiewicz wrote many novels:


Jan Zachariasiewicz is one of the honorable citiziens of Radymno.


Magnus Härenstam

Johan Herbert Magnus Härenstam (19 June 1941 – 13 June 2015), better known as Magnus Härenstam, was a Swedish television host, actor and comedian. He hosted the Swedish version of the U.S. game show "Jeopardy!" from 1991 until 2005 before being replaced by Adam Alsing. He was also known for hosting the children's television program "Fem myror är fler än fyra elefanter" with Brasse Brännström and Eva Remaeus from 1973 until 1975. He also appeared in the comedy movies "Sällskapsresan" (1980) and "Göta kanal eller Vem drog ur proppen?" (1981). 

Härenstam was born in Västervik, Kalmar County. His autobiography was released in 2015, months before his death.

Härenstam died from spinal cancer on 13 June 2015 in Stockholm, aged 73.


In the Air Tonight

"In the Air Tonight" is a soft rock song by English drummer and singer Phil Collins. It was released on Collins' first solo album "Face Value" in 1981. The song has been featured in many advertisements such as Cadbury and movies such as "The Hangover" (2009).

The song has a long running false rumour that it was about a drowning that Collins had witnessed. American rapper Eminem made reference to this in the song "Stan".

Monica Lewis

Monica Lewis (born May Lewis; May 5, 1922 – June 12, 2015) was an American actress and jazz singer. Her career began in 1948 and ended in 1988. She was best known for her roles in the movies "Earthquake" (1974), "Rollercoaster" (1977), and both "Airport '77" (1977) and "The Concorde ... Airport '79" (1979). She was also the voice of Chiquita Banana.

Lewis was born in Chicago, Illinois. She was married twice and had three sons.

Lewis died from natural causes on June 12, 2015 at her Woodland Hills apartment in Los Angeles, California. She was 93.


Meg Turney

Megan "Meg" Turney (born March 12, 1987) is an American internet personality, cosplayer, and model. Turney is known for her online media presence. She is most noted for her work with the online series "SourceFed" and later Rooster Teeth. Turney is also known for her cosplaying at various conventions such as Comic-Con.

During her early years Turney hosted event coverage for deviantART. She appeared as a featured host on CraveOnline's "TechKnow" show. In July 2012, Turney would make her debut as a host of the YouTube channel "SourceFed", where she and her co-host spoke about "Star Wars". Along with being a host for the channel, Turney would also write stories for the "SourceFed" website. Turney would stay as a host of the channel, as well as its sister channel, "SourceFed Nerd", until April 2014. During this time period, Turney also hosted for the American Music Awards' "On Demand" series, as well as "Nerdist News".

After leaving "SourceFed", Turney became a host for Rooster Teeth's channel, "The Know". She made her first appearance on the channel on June 1, 2014. On joining Rooster Teeth, Turney said, "They have been pioneers in the industry for many years, and their level of originality and just plain fun in their content is unmatched in the space." In August 2014, Turney began co-hosting "The Know It All: Leaderboard", a joint series of Rooster Teeth and "The Daily Dot".

In addition to her work online, Turney is also known for her cosplaying career. Turney was introduced to cosplaying by her friend, when she invited Turney to Ushicon 1 in 2002. "Gamer Headlines" wrote that Turney is, "known for her high quality cosplay and saucy lingerie photos." She appeared on the Syfy series "Heroes of Cosplay" in June 2014.

Aside from cosplaying, Turney also has experience with modeling. In April 2015, "FHM" placed Turney at #20 on their yearly "100 Sexiest Women in the World" list.


Fernando Brant

Fernando Rocha Brant (9 October 1946 – 12 June 2015) was a Brazilian poet, lyricist and journalist. He was best known for his partnership with singer-songwriter and guitarist Milton Nascimento. This resulted in over 200 songs recorded by the most respected artists in Brazil. He was born in Caldas, Minas Gerais.

Brant died from problems caused by a second liver transplant on 12 June 2015 in Belo Horizonte. He was 68.

Caldas, Minas Gerais

Caldas is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast Region of Brazil.

Adam Hicks

Adam Paul Nielson Hicks (born November 28, 1992) is an American actor, rapper, singer, and songwriter. His first leading role was in "How to Eat Fried Worms". Hicks is best known for playing Luther in the Disney XD series "Zeke and Luther". He also played Wendell "Wen" Gifford in the film "Lemonade Mouth". Hicks had a recurring role in the second season of "Jonas L.A." as DZ. Hicks also played Boz in the Disney XD Original Series "Pair of Kings".
In addition to acting, Hicks was a rapper, singer, and songwriter. On April 12, 2011 Hicks released his first album Lemonade Mouth a soundtrack album.

He was born in Las Vegas, Nevada to Ronald Hicks and Lucy Hicks. He has a younger brother, Tristan Hicks (born April 16, 1997)

On January 25, 2018, Adam Hicks was arrested in Burbank, California for armed robbery. He not guilty to all charges.

On July 8, 2021, Hicks was found Guilty for the armed robbery charges, He was sentenced to five years in state prison and received 3 years probation.


Benajarafe Beach

Benajarafe Beach is a beach of Vélez-Málaga, in Costa del Sol, province of Malaga, Andalusia, Spain. It's a dark sand semi-urban beach with a moderate swell. It is located in the borough of Benajarafe. It has about long and deep. The beach only has basic services.

Philippine Airlines

Philippine Airlines is the flag carrier and largest airline of the Philippines. It began in February 1941. It is the oldest airline of Asia. is the of Philippine Airlines.


Yi (dinosaur)

Yi is a genus of climbing and gliding dinosaurs from the Jurassic of China. Its only species, Yi qi is known from a single fossil specimen of an adult found in middle or late Jurassicof Hebei, China. It lived about 160 million years ago. 

"Yi" was a small, possibly tree-dwelling (arboreal) animal. Like other of its family, "Yi" had an unusual, elongated third finger. This helped to support a membranous gliding plane (aerofoil) made of skin. 

The gliding planes of "Yi qi" were also supported by a long, bony strut attached to the wrist. This modified wrist bone and gliding membrane is unique among all known dinosaurs, and might have resulted in wings similar in appearance to those of bats.

Chevrolet Equinox

The Chevrolet Equinox is a mid-sized crossover CUV sold by Chevrolet. It was introduced for the 2005 model year. It is General Motors' third unibody crossover SUV. The first two were the Pontiac Aztek and Buick Rendezvous. The Equinox is built on an extended version of GM's Theta platform, it is the second vehicle to use this platform the Vue was the first. The Equinox replaces the S10 Blazer and Tracker. From 2005-2009 a rebadged model was sold under Pontiac as the Pontiac Torrent. The Torrent replaced the Aztek. The Equinox was redesigned in 2010 giving it a more contemporary look. Chevrolet announced that in 2016 the Equinox would be redesigned as a compact crossover, this will allow the automaker to introduce a new midsize crossover with third row seating. This decision was made because of competition from other automakers who offer midsize CUVs with a third row.

<br>

Koyashskoye Salt Lake

Koyashskoye or Koyashs'ke is a salt lake on the coast of the Kerch Peninsula in Crimea Ukraine. It is separated from the Black Sea by a strip of land. It is and deep. The water color varies from pink to the scarlet, depending on the light, because there are microscopic algae living in the water. When the water evaporates, it leaves a deposit of salt on the stones and the shores. The salt becomes crystal, producing crystal stones and the scent of viola.

This lake is considered healing and is appreciated by some local people. It is not widely known to tourists.

Catnip

Nepeta cataria, catnip or catmint, is a species of the genus "Nepeta". It is in the Lamiaceae family. The name "catmint" is sometimes used for the genus as a whole. Some plants can cause diarrhea to cats.

Catnip, and some other species in the genus "Nepeta", is known for its effects on cat behaviour. Cats rub on the plant, roll on the ground, paw at it, lick it, and chew it. Some leap about and purr, some cry out. Cats do it for about five to fifteen minutes, after which olfactory fatigue usually sets in. 

The nepetalactone in catnip acts as a feline attractant after it enters the cat's nose. At the olfactory epithelium, the nepetalactone binds to one or more olfactory receptors.

The catnip effect works on the whole cat family, not just on domestic cats. Several tests showed that leopards, cougars, servals, and lynxes often reacted strongly to catnip in a manner similar to domestic cats. Lions and tigers may react strongly as well, but they don't react all the time.

With domestic cats, "N. cataria" is a recreational substance for pets to enjoy. Catnip and catnip-laced products are available to consumers. 
Not all cats are affected by catnip; roughly one third are not affected by the plant. The behavior is hereditary.

Some other plants also have a similar effect on cats, include valerian ("Valeriana officinalis").

Elsa &amp; Fred (2014 movie)

Elsa & Fred is a 2014 American comedy-drama movie directed by Michael Radford. It stars Shirley MacLaine and Christopher Plummer. The movie, set and filmed in New Orleans. It is an English-language remake of the 2005 Argentinian movie of the same name. It was released on November 7, 2014.

Drs. P

Heinz Hermann Polzer (; 24 August 1919 – 13 June 2015), better known under his pseudonym Drs. P (), was a Swiss singer-songwriter, poet, and prose writer in the Dutch language. Other pseudonyms were Geo Staad, Coos Neetebeem (a variant of the name of Dutch writer Cees Nooteboom) and drandus P.

Drs. P. died at the age of 95 in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.

Hugo Blanco (musician)

Hugo Blanco (September 25, 1940 – June 14, 2015) was a popular Venezuelan musician. He was best known as the author of "Moliendo Café" and other songs like "El Burrito de Belén" (also known as "El Burrito Sabanero"), "Leche Condensada", "Luces de Caracas", "Sierra Nevada", "Mañanita Zuliana", and others. "Moliendo Café", has become one of the most recognized Venezuelan songs in all the world.

Blanco was born and died in Caracas, Venezuela.

Manuel Alexandre

Manuel Alexandre Abarca (11 November 1917 – 12 October 2010) was a Spanish movie and television actor. He was known for his role as Fred in the 2005 movie "Elsa & Fred".

National Wen-Hua Senior High School

National Wen-Hua Senior High School is a public school in Taichung, Taiwan. It is one of the five best schools in central Taiwan for students in grades 9 through grade 12. It was founded by the government of Taiwan Province in 1989. A school for intermediate education was needed because of a large population growth in the area.

There are both boys and girls at the school. Some students live at the school. The school is well known for the dancing class, science and math class, and humanities class.

The school is close to the National Museum of Natural Science, the Taichung city government area, and the Taichung International Gateway District. In addition there is a Taichung metro station for rapid transit travel.



Leshy

Leshy (, in English sometimes spelled Leshii or Leszi) is a mythical creature that appears in Slavic mythology. It is also the subject in “The Witcher” Saga written by Andrzej Sapkowski.

A Leshy is male and human in shape and can assume any form. A Leshy can change in size and height. In some accounts, the leshy is described as having a wife ("leshachikha/leszachka/lesovikha") and children ("leshonki/leszonky"). Because he is known to lead travelers astray and abduct children, which he shares with Chort, or "The Black One," the Leshy is believed by some to be evil. Others view him as more of a temperamental being like a fairy.

In beliefs of Slavic people, Leshy appears in forests. He’s kind of a protector of the forest and everything that lives in it. His natural form looks like a human but he can easily shapeshift into any plant or animal. A Leshy has long hair and beard made of grass. It can appear in human shape or can change in size from a tall tree to a single blade of grass.
In Sapkowski's "The Witcher" (Polish: Wiedźmin), a leshy is a monster that lives in the forest. It has been described as something that "lives only to kill". When they kill something or a human, they do not leave much for the carrion eaters.

In the "Witcher" video game, a Leshy is a highly intelligent monster that lives in forest. Common people thinks that he is like a friendly sentinel of the forest. That is not true. This is a very dangerous creature that hunts down whatever lives and moves. It can polymorph. In its primary form the creature looks like a bear and wildcat combined. It has long fangs and sharp claws. When it hunts it lurks among the tree branches and then jumps on its victims. Usually it eats its victim whole.


El Taref

El Taref () is a town in Algeria. It is the capital of the El Tarf Province. In 1998, it had a population of 20,263.

Buddy Boudreaux

John Landry “Buddy” Boudreaux (December 27, 1917 – June 13, 2015) was an American big band and jazz musician. He was born in Donaldsonville, Louisiana. He played saxophone and clarinet. Since 1934, he directed and played in a number of bands that have toured the southern United States and drawn nationally known performers to Baton Rouge. 

The State-Times newspaper called him “the city’s sound of big band.” His bands backed such artists as Andy Williams, Bernadette Peters, Doc Severinsen, Dionne Warwick, Gladys Knight and the Pips, Burt Bacharach, Johnny Mathis, The Four Tops, Bob Hope, George Burns and Joan Rivers. He opened shows for Tony Bennett, Tony Orlando, Louise Mandrell, The Beach Boys and Bill Cosby. He was co-author—with his barber, Michael T. Abadie—of “My Baton Rouge,” which in 1998 was declared the city’s official song.

Boudreaux died at the age of 97 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

Jean Doré

Jean Doré (12 December 1944 – 15 June 2015) was a politician. He served as Mayor of Montreal, Quebec from 1986 through 1994.

Doré died of pancreatic cancer in Montreal, aged 70.

Jineth Bedoya Lima

Jineth Bedoya Lima (Arabic: هناء الحبشي born c. 1974) is a Colombian journalist. She wrote about the illegal gun trade. She was kidnapped in May 2000 and August 2003. In 2001, she received the Courage in Journalism Award from the International Women's Media Foundation. In 2012, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U. S. Department of State.

In 2000, Bedoya was kidnapped. She worked at the newspaper "El Espectador" in Bogota, Colombia. Her job was to write about the Colombian war against terrorism. On 25 May, she went to La Modelo prison in Bogota. She planned to talk to a leader called "the Baker". She was afraid of a trap, so she went with an editor and photographer from "El Espectador" newspaper. While she waited to go into the prison, they were separated, and Bedoya disappeared. 

Three men kidnapped Bedoya. They said their boss was paramilitary leader Carlos Castaño. In May 2011, the police arrested a paramilitary soldier. He said he was one of Bedoya's three attackers.

In 2001, Bedoya started a job with "El Tiempo" newspaper in Colombia. Her job was to write about crime, including paramilitary groups. In early August 2003, she went to the town of Puerto Alvira. She wanted to write about how the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) controlled the town and forced the 1,100 people in the town to work in the illegal cocaine trade. The leader of the FARC guerrillas kidnapped Bedoya and her photographer. 

The FARC leader ordered the people in the town not to help the journalists, but the women of the town brought food to them. Then the people in the town told the regional FARC commander, and the journalists were free. When Bedoya returned, she wrote a story about the town in FARC-controlled land, but she was careful and did not write about the townspeople who helped her.

In 2010, Bedoya wrote a book called "Vida y muerte del Mono Jojoy" about Víctor Julio Suárez Rojas, or "Mono Jojoy", a FARC leader who was killed. Because of the book, the Colombian organization Foundation for Press Freedom and the Canadian Journalists for Free Expression were afraid for Bedoya's safety. Bedoya continued to work as a journalist for "El Tiempo", but the Colombian government gave her three bodyguards and a bulletproof car.

In 2000, Bedoya received the CJFE International Press Freedom Award from the Canadian Journalists for Free Expression. 

In 2001, Bedoya received the Courage in Journalism Award from the International Women's Media Foundation. The award was very important in Colombia, and Bedoya became well known. Because of this, Bedoya left "El Espectador" newspaper and went to work for "El Tiempo" newspaper. 

In 2012, Bedoya received the International Women of Courage Award from the U. S. Department of State.


Georg Ritter

Georg Ritter (December 22, 1897 in Dachau - October 17, 1941 in Jastrebovka) was a German Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was killed in action on October 17, 1941 in Jastrebovka, Soviet Union. After his death, he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on November 15, 1941.



Hainan Airlines

Hainan Airlines is an airline from the People's Republic of China. The airline started in October 1989. It is the 4th biggest airline in China.

Melanie Leupolz

Melanie Leupolz (born 14 April 1994 in Wangen im Allgäu, Germany) is a German association football midfielder who currently plays for FC Bayern Munich and the Germany women's national football team.




Isabell Herlovsen

Isabell Lehn Herlovsen (born on 23 June 1988 in Mönchengladbach, Germany) is a Norwegian association football forward who currently plays for the Norway women's national football team. She also plays for LSK Kvinner FK.

She is the daughter of former football player Kai Erik Herlovsen.

Herlovsen is a lesbian.


Thanatta Chawong

Thanatta Chawong, Thai: ธนัสถา ชาวงษ์ , (born on 19 June 1989 in Thailand) is a Thai association football forward who currently plays for the Damallsvenskan club of Östersunds DFF. She also plays for the Thailand women's national football team.

Francesco Bellissimo

Bellissimo writes for various Japanese cooking magazines. He has also written several books.





Şafak Pavey

Şafak Pavey (born July 10, 1976) is a Turkish writer and politician. She is the first disabled woman in the Turkish parliament. She is a member of the United Nations Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. In 2012 Pavey received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.

Pavey was born on July 10, 1976 in Ankara, Turkey. Her parents were Şahin and Ayşe Önal, a journalist. In 1994 she moved to Switzerland with her husband to study art and film. In 1996, Pavey lost her left arm and left leg in a train accident in Zurich. One year later, she went to London to study. She studied international studies at the University of Westminster. She finished her master's degree at the London School of Economics.

Pavey worked for the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). She worked with aid in Algeria, Egypt, Iran, Lebanon and Syria. She was the spokesperson of UNHCR for Central Europe in Hungary. Later she worked with human rights for the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.

Pavey wrote for the Armenian-Turkish bilingual weekly "Agos" in Istabul. She also wrote three books. She worked on projects for refugees with Harvard University, the Royal Academy of Arts in London and the Norwegian Design Council. She wrote the book "13 Numarali Peron" (Platform Number 13) with her mother Ayşe Önal. The book was about her train accident. It was a best-seller in Turkey. She worked with writer and Nobel Peace Laureate Shirin Ebadi to write the book "Refugee Rights in Iran".

Pavey returned to Turkey in 2011 and ran for a parliament seat. She became the first disabled female member of the Turkish Parliament.



Jeb Bush 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of John Ellis "Jeb" Bush, the 43rd Governor of Florida, was formally launched on June 15, 2015, coming six months after announcing the formal exploration of a candidacy for the 2016 Republican nomination for the President of the United States on December 16, 2014, and the formation of his Right to Rise PAC. It is headquartered in Miami, Florida. He suspended his campaign on February 20, 2016.

There has been speculation that Bush would make a run for President since the end of the 2012 election. Speculation was fueled when Bush announced he would be "actively exploring" a run for President on December 16, 2014 and resigned from several corporate boards. It has been further speculated that Bush has put off formally announcing a candidacy in order to raise unlimited amounts of money for his Right to Rise Super PAC, and prepare strategy; once formally a candidate, Bush cannot coordinate with PACs or Super PACs under campaign finance law.

He suspended his campaign on February 20, 2016.

On June 4, the same day of Governor Rick Perry's formal campaign announcement, an anonymous Bush staffer leaked that Bush would formally announce his candidacy on June 15. Bush made a trip to Germany, Poland, and Estonia before returning to begin his campaign. On June 15, 2015, Bush formally announced his candidacy at Miami Dade College's Kendall Campus, in Miami, Florida.

Bush embarked on a tour following his June 15 announcement, with stops in Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina, and Nevada. The Bush campaign cancelled events in Charleston, South Carolina in light of the June 17 mass shooting.

On July 9, 2015, at a campaign fund-raising conference in the Bush family compound in Kennebunkport, Maine, Bush announced that super PACs which support his candidacy, mainly Right to Rise, had received a total of $103 million during the previous six months. The campaign itself had received $11.4 million, $700,000 a day, during its first two weeks.

Ben Carson 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Dr. Ben Carson, a pediatric neurosurgeon and bestselling author, was announced May 3, 2015 in an interview with a local television station in Cincinnati, Ohio. He formally announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination in the 2016 Presidential election at a rally in his hometown of Detroit on May 4, 2015.

On March 4, 2016, Carson suspended his presidential campaign.

He was a featured speaker at the 2013 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), and tied for seventh place in the "Washington Times"/CPAC 2013 Straw Poll with 4% of the 3,000 ballots cast.

In the 2014 CPAC straw poll, he came in third place with 9% of the vote, behind senators Ted Cruz of Texas (with 11%) and Rand Paul of Kentucky (31%). In the 2015 CPAC poll, Carson came in fourth behind Paul, Wisconsin governor Scott Walker, and Cruz with 11.4%.

In an interview with a local television station in Cincinnati, Ohio on May 3, 2015, Carson officially announced his candidacy for President of the United States. He held a rally in Detroit, his hometown, on May 4, 2015 as the launch of his campaign. At the event, he announced his campaign team which included his Campaign manager, Barry Bennett.

Hawa Abdallah Mohammed Salih

Hawa Abdallah Mohammed Salih (Arabic: حواء عبد الله محمد صالح) is a Sudanese activist. In 2012, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. State Department.

Hawa was born in North Darfur, Sudan. She left Darfur because of war between the Sudanese government forces and Darfur rebels.

Hawa moved to Abu Shouk internally displaced persons camp for refugees. She worked with the United Nations and with the American NGO International Rescue Committee (IRC). She helped complain about bad conditions in the camp, so people would be aware. Hawa went to jail three times because of her work. The National Security police kidnapped her twice.

In 2011 she was in jail for two months in a state prison in Khartoum. In 2011 she escaped from Sudan. In 2013 she asked to stay in the United States.


Ted Cruz 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Ted Cruz, the junior United States Senator from Texas, was announced through social media and later event at Liberty University on March 23, 2015. Cruz has been seen as a potential candidate for the Republican nomination for President of the United States since shortly after taking office in 2013.

Leading up the 2016 presidential election cycle, commentators expressed their opinion that Cruz would run for President in 2016. On March 14, 2013, he gave the keynote speech at the 2013 Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington, D.C. He tied for 7th place in the 2013 CPAC straw poll on March 16, winning 4% of the votes cast. He performed even more strongly in the 2014 CPAC straw poll, coming in second with 11% behind Kentucky senator Rand Paul. In the 2015 CPAC poll, he came in third with 11.5% behind Wisconsin governor Scott Walker and Paul.

On April 27, 2016, Cruz named former GOP candidate and businesswoman Carly Fiorina as his running mate.

On May 3, 2016, after losing the Indiana primaries to Donald Trump, Cruz suspended his campaign.

Cruz announced his campaign for the presidency on March 23, 2015, at Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, during the student convocation. He became the first announced major Republican presidential candidate for the 2016 campaign.

In the first few months of the campaign, Cruz held campaign rallies in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Barack Obama 2008 presidential campaign

Barack Obama, then a junior United States Senator from Illinois, announced his candidacy for the presidency of the United States in Springfield, Illinois, on February 10, 2007. On August 27, 2008, he was declared nominee of the Democratic Party for the 2008 presidential election. He was the first African American in history to be nominated on a major party ticket.
On August 23, 2008, Barack Obama's campaign announced that Senator Joe Biden of Delaware would be the Vice Presidential nominee.

On November 4, 2008, Obama won the election, making him the President-elect and the first African American elected President of the United States. He is the third sitting Senator, after Warren G. Harding and John F. Kennedy, to be elected President.

His constitutional election to the office was completed with the meeting of the Electoral College on December 15, 2008, and the subsequent certification of the college's vote by the Joint Session of the United States Congress on January 8, 2009. Based on the results of the electoral vote count, Barack Obama was declared the elected President of the United States and Joseph Biden was declared officially as the elected Vice President of the United States in the 2008 presidential election. The Headquarters of Obama's campaign was in his home town of Chicago, Illinois.

Carly Fiorina 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Carly Fiorina began on May 4, 2015 with a video message posted by Fiorina's campaign announcing her candidacy. Fiorina is a former business executive and was the Republican nominee for the United States Senate from California in 2010. The campaign was headquartered in Merrifield, Virginia. She withdrew on February 10, 2016.

Lindsey Graham 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Lindsey Graham, the senior United States Senator from South Carolina, and former member of the House of Representatives, was announced on June 1, 2015. Graham sought the Republican nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 election; a close personal friend of Senator John McCain of Arizona, Graham was a top staffer during McCain's 2008 campaign. 

After low polling numbers, Graham withdrew from the race on December 21, 2015.

George Pataki 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of George Pataki, the 53rd Governor of New York, was formally launched on May 28, 2015. After having considered a candidacy in previous cycles, his campaign for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 election is his first bid for the presidency.

On December 29, 2015, Pataki announced that he would be ending his Presidential campaign.

In an August 2014 interview with Newsmax TV, Pataki once again expressed interest in a possible presidential bid, this time for the 2016 Republican nomination. In January 2015, he revealed to ABC News that he had launched a political action committee (PAC) for the purpose of exploring, and making preparations for, a possible presidential candidacy.

On May 14, 2015, Pataki stated on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" that he would announce his decision regarding his potential candidacy on May 28 at an event in New Hampshire. He later confirmed to the "New York Post" that he intended to announce his candidacy for the 2016 Republican presidential nominination at the aforementioned event.

Pataki officially launched his presidential campaign on May 28, 2015. He initially confirmed his candidacy via a video message which appeared on his website, before making a formal announcement before a gathering of supporters and members of the media in Exeter, New Hampshire.

As of late July 2015, Pataki has been polling at less than 1 % of the Republican primary voters.

Rand Paul 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Rand Paul, the junior United States Senator from Kentucky, was announced on April 7, 2015 at an event at the Galt House in Louisville, Kentucky.

Paul was first elected to the U.S. Senate in the 2010, Paul's candidacy for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in 2016 has been widely speculated of since early 2013.

Prior to serving in public office, Paul was an ophthalmologist in Bowling Green, Kentucky, and founded the watchdog group Kentucky Taxpayers United, which sought to keep state legislators accountable on tax issues. Leading up to his formal announcement, Paul delivered several high profile speeches, which included filibustering the nomination of CIA Director John Brennan, speeches at Berkeley and Howard University, and meeting with community leaders in Ferguson, Missouri and Detroit, Michigan, in what has been described as an attempt to broaden the Republican Party's appeal with non-traditional constituencies.

Near the end of 2014, Paul made moves towards a presidential run, including hiring staff in several states, setting up offices, and hiring a campaign manager. In January 2015, Rand Paul gained the support of Texas Republican Party Chairman Steve Munisteri.

After poor polling numbers and failing to reach 3rd place in the Iowa caucuses, Paul dropped out of the race on February 3, 2016.


Gabi Calleja

Gabi Calleja is a gay rights activist in Malta. In 2012, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. State Department.

Calleja studied Youth and Community Studies in a master's degree program at the University of Malta.

In 2010, Calleja became head of the Malta Gay Rights Movement. In 2014, she became co-chair of the executive board of ILGA Europe, a lesbian and gay group that works for human rights. In 2014 she worked for changes in Danish law.

Calleja also works with teaching, drug education, community development, and fundraising. In 2005, she helped write the “School Attendance Improvement” Report.


Rick Perry 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Rick Perry, the 47th Governor of Texas, was officially launched on June 4, 2015. This campaign constitutes Perry's second consecutive bid for the Republican nomination for President of the United States. Perry announced on September 11, 2015 that he had suspended his campaign.

Marco Rubio 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Marco Rubio, the junior United States Senator from Florida, and former Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives, was formally announced on April 13, 2015, at an event at the Freedom Tower in Downtown Miami.

Having been considered a potential candidate for Vice President by Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney in 2012, Rubio has been seen as a candidate for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in 2016 since at least the end of the 2012 election. He suspended his campaign on March 15, 2016.

On March 30, 2015 Rubio announced on Fox News and through social media that he would be making a "Big Announcement" on April 13 in Miami, Florida. While he did not specify whether the announcement pertained to his reelection as a United States Senator or for the Presidency, most media consensus was that Rubio would be announcing his presidential run. He made the announcement at the Freedom Tower in Downtown Miami.

Rubio raised about $1.25 million online the day after his announcement. By the three-month mark of his campaign - July 13 - Rubio had raised over $12 million.

Rick Santorum 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Rick Santorum, former United States Senator from Pennsylvania, was formally announced at a rally in Pittsburgh on May 27, 2015. 

His campaign for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in 2016 is his second bid for the office, after having been a candidate in 2012, where he received the second most delegates after 2012 nominee Mitt Romney.

Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Donald Trump was a successful presidential campaign of Donald Trump. He announced and launched his campaign on June 16, 2015, at Trump Tower in New York City. 

Trump was the Republican nominee for president of the United States. He became the presumptive nominee on May 4, 2016. He won the Republican nomination for president on July 19, 2016 at the 2016 Republican National Convention. He chose Mike Pence, the 50th governor of Indiana, as his vice presidential running mate. 

On November 8, 2016, Trump and Pence had defeated former U.S. secretary of state Hillary Clinton and U.S. senator Tim Kaine in the Electoral College and was elected the president and vice president of the United States.

Trump declared, "We are going to make our country great again" and he made a commitment to become the "greatest jobs president." Trump's official campaign slogan is "Make America Great Again." (which was Ronald Reagan's campaign slogan, but Trump trademarked it).

Trump is opposed to illegal immigration and has promised to build a wall on the US-Mexico border, and believes that illegal immigrants already in this country should be deported. He is against the Trans Pacific Partnership trade agreement. Trump also proposed banning Muslims from entering the United States, an idea that many Republicans criticized as unconstitutional. He also supports reforming the tax code.

A survey conducted by "The Economist" / YouGov released July 9, 2015 became significant as the first major nationwide poll to show Trump as the 2016 Republican presidential front-runner. A Suffolk/"USA Today" poll released on July 14, 2015, showed Trump with 17% support among Republican voters, with Jeb Bush at 14%. A "Washington Post"/ABC News poll taken on July 16–19, showed Trump had 24% Republican support, over Scott Walker at 13%. A CNN/ORC poll showed Trump in the lead at 18% support among Republican voters, over Jeb Bush at 15%, and a CBS News poll from August 4 showed Trump with 24% support, Bush second at 13%, and Walker third at 10%.

On May 4, 2016, Trump became the presumptive nominee after his only challengers Texas United States senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich dropped out. Trump has been opposed by other Republicans. Several prominent Republican politicians have refused to endorse him, and his candidacy has been protested by many people.


Lincoln Chafee 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Lincoln Chafee, the 74th Governor of Rhode Island, and former United States Senator from Rhode Island, was formally launched on June 3, 2015. His campaign for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 election is his first campaign as a Democrat, after having previously been elected Senator as a Republican, and Governor as an Independent.

In the 2008 presidential election, he formally endorsed the Democratic nominee Barack Obama. In 2012, Chafee was one of 35 co-chairs selected to serve on President Barack Obama's re-election campaign.

On April 9, 2015, Chafee announced that he had formed an exploratory committee in preparation for a potential candidacy for the Democratic Party's 2016 presidential nomination. The following month, on May 29, it was confirmed that Chafee would announce his decision regarding a 2016 presidential bid on June 3.

Following a widely panned debate performance, poor polling numbers, and a poor fundraising campaign, Lincoln Chafee announced on October 23 that he would be suspending his campaign.


Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton, the 67th Secretary of State, former First Lady, and former United States Senator from New York, was announced via a YouTube video on April 12, 2015. A presidential candidate in 2008, her candidacy in the 2016 election was her second bid for the presidency. She was widely seen as the front runner for the Democratic nomination, although she faced several challengers, especially Bernie Sanders.

On November 9, 2016, after the presidential election, Hillary Clinton had lost to Donald Trump at the U.S. Electoral College.

According to nationwide opinion polls in early 2015, Clinton was the front-runner for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination. She did face other several primary election challengers. A Franklin Pierce University/Boston Herald poll in mid-August 2015 showed Senator Bernie Sanders with a 44-37 lead over Clinton in the first-in-the-nation primary state of New Hampshire. And, in August 2015, Vice President Joe Biden was reported to be seriously considering a possible challenge to Clinton.

On July 22, 2016, Clinton announced Virginia United States senator Tim Kaine as her running mate.

The Clinton campaign had planned a delayed announcement, possibly as late as July 2015. Her team decided to make the announcement earlier because of publicity about Clinton's use of a private email server while Secretary of State. Clinton made her official announcement on the following Sunday, April 12, 2015.

Martin O'Malley 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Martin O'Malley, the 61st Governor of Maryland, for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in 2016 was announced on May 30, 2015 and suspended on February 1, 2016.

O'Malley had been seen as a potential presidential candidate since at least December 2012. In that month, he said that Hillary Clinton, who has launched her own 2016 campaign, would be a "great President", brushing off questions about his own potential candidacy and commenting that he would have to do "a lot of soul-searching and discernment and introspection."

The day prior to his announcement, May 29, O'Malley released a video of himself strumming the presidential fanfare "Hail to the Chief" on his guitar, alluding to his impending announcement. The following day, May 30, O'Malley launched his campaign at a scheduled rally in Baltimore, Maryland.

O'Malley suspended his campaign after poor polling numbers and a poor performance in the Iowa caucuses.

Bernie Sanders 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Bernie Sanders, the junior United States Senator from Vermont, and former Congressman of the same, began with a formal announcement by Sanders on May 26, 2015 in Burlington, Vermont, which followed an informal announcement on April 30.

Sanders had been considered a potential candidate for President of the United States, both as an Independent and a Democrat since at least November 2013. Although Sanders became an independent after briefly aligning with the left-wing Liberty Union Party in the 1970s, many of his views align with those of the Democratic Party. Sanders caucuses with Democrats in the Senate, and he has confirmed that he is running as a Democrat.

On July 26, 2016, during the roll-call vote at the convention, Sanders lost the nomination to Clinton.

Sanders' political successes have been in rural Vermont. Sanders has been involved in political activism nearly his entire adult life. While in college he protested against police brutality, led a weeks long sit-in against housing segregation, and worked as an organizer for the Congress of Racial Equality.

In 1963 he traveled to Washington to attend the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom.
Sanders has supported full equality for gay Americans since at least 1972. As Mayor of Burlington, Bernie Sanders played a prominent role in building support in Vermont for Jesse Jackson's campaign for the presidency in 1984 and 1988.

Sanders states that his campaign will focus on what he considers to be "real family values". Saying, "The right has claimed the mantle of 'family values' for far too long. When my Republican colleagues use the term they’re usually talking about things like opposition to contraception, denying a woman’s right to choose, opposition to gay rights, and support for abstinence-only education," Sanders advocates what he calls "real family values" which include paid sick time, paid vacations, and access to paid family leave. Speaking on woman's pro-choice issues, he commented that "[Republicans believe] that [a woman] cannot control her own body. I disagree. Let's say it loud and clear: Women control their own bodies – not the government."

Sanders has used social media to help his campaign gain momentum. Along with posting content on Twitter and Facebook, he held an "Ask Me Anything" on Reddit on May 19, 2015.

On September 30, the Sanders campaign announced that it had reached 1 million individual donations, becoming the first in 2015 to reach that threshold.

In November 1, 2015, Sanders released his first campaign ad.

During a December 27 appearance on "Face the Nation", Sanders criticized Donald Trump for stating in the fourth Republican debate that "wages are too high" and promised to win over working-class Trump supporters. The next day Trump tweeted that "wages in are [sic] country are too low."

Sanders gained ground on Clinton in the spring of 2016.

In December 2015, the Democratic National Committee suspended the campaign's access to its voter data, following the firing of a Sanders campaign staffer who allegedly viewed data from the campaign of Hillary Clinton as the result of a firewall failure, which he denies. The Sanders campaign criticized the move as an excessive reaction stemming from the inappropriate actions of a single staffer and threatened possible legal action unless the Democratic National Committee restores its access. The Sanders campaign claims it warned the DNC about glitches in the voter file program months ago. On December 18, 2015, the campaign filed a lawsuit, stating the Committee had unfairly suspended its access. Former Obama Advisor David Axelrod contended on Twitter that the DNC was "putting finger on the scale" for Hillary. The DNC and the Sanders campaign struck a deal the same day that restored the campaign's access to voter data.

Just before the early primaries in 2016, Sanders published an advertisement called "America". It was first shown on January 21, on YouTube. It was set to be shown on television in Iowa and New Hampshire shortly before the Democratic Iowa caucus and New Hampshire primary. The advertisement features "America", a song by Simon & Garfunkel from their album "Bookends" (1968).

Sanders raised over $1.5 million in the first 24 hours after he announced his presidential campaign on April 30, 2015. This was greater than the amount raised by any of the Republican candidates in the first 24 hours after their respective announcements. By May 5, Sanders campaign had received approximately 75,000 contributions and had raised $3 million, with the average donation being $43. According to a campaign adviser, 99.4 percent of the donations were $250 or less, and 185,000 supporters had signed up on the campaign's website.

When Sanders opened his campaign in June, his rallies were compared with those of Hillary Clinton. Sanders's campaign events have been drawing "overflow crowds" around the country. Sanders drew more than 700 supporters at a mid-June event in Iowa, which the "Wall Street Journal" noted as
“the same number who went to a Hillary Clinton event on Sunday that featured a buffet table and a live band.” A crowd of an estimated 3,000 attended an event in Minneapolis. Sanders said he was "Stunned. Stunned. I mean I had to fight my way to get into the room. Standing room only. Minneapolis was literally beyond belief."

On August 8, Sanders drew a crowd of over 12,000 in Seattle, Washington. The rally took place in the basketball arena of the University of Washington, which was filled to capacity. Before the rally, Sanders spoke to an additional 3,000 supporters outside who could not get into the arena. Black Lives Matter activists had interrupted an earlier event and prevented Sanders from taking the podium. The rally in Seattle was part of a three-day West Coast tour.

On the following day, August 9, Sanders spoke to a record crowd of 20,000 supporters inside the Moda Center in Portland, Oregon. The event was again filled to capacity, with 8,000 supporters waiting in the overflow area provided by venue officials. The West Coast tour ended on August 10, with a large rally in Los Angeles, California. The event was filled to capacity, with Sanders' campaign claiming over 27,000 people turned out, breaking the record he set the day before. The rally included an introduction from comedian Sarah Silverman.

As of August 15, 2015, Sanders had partially consolidated Democratic opposition to Clinton's nomination but had not significantly affected the level of support for her. A mid-September CBS poll that included Vice President Joe Biden, who is considering a presidential bid, showed Sanders leading Clinton 52 percent to Clinton's 30 percent in New Hampshire and 43 percent to Clinton's 33 percent in Iowa. In September and October 2015, latest polling show Sanders and Clinton are tied in polls.

His performances at the first two Democratic debates have received positive reviews. After his first debate, he won many endorsements even though his polls number as decreased compared to Clinton's rise in the polls. After the second debate, Sanders was thought to be the clear winner.

Since polls closed on December 4, 2015, online votes showed that Sanders was in first place to become Time's 2015 Person of the Year with 10.4% of votes compared to second place holder Malala Yousafzai's 5.3%. On December 7, it announced Sanders won the reader's poll of the magazine, but will not be person of the year. On December 9, poll numbers showed that Sanders was leading Clinton in the New Hampshire polls by 50% to 40%. According to a public poll done by TIME magazine, Sanders won the third Democratic debate with 84% to Clinton's 13%.

In January 2016, weeks leading to the Democratic primaries, Sanders was leading New Hampshire by 50% to Clinton's 46% and in Iowa with 49% to 43%.

On February 1, 2016, Sanders lost the Iowa caucus to Clinton by less than 1%. On February 9, Sanders won the New Hampshire caucus by 22%. His victory was one of the largest in years. Sanders became the first democratic socialist and the first non-Christian to win a United States presidential primary for a major party. On February 20, 2016, Sanders lost the Nevada caucus by 5%. On February 27, 2016, Sanders lost the South Carolina caucus by almost 48%.

On March 1, 2016, "Super Tuesday", Sanders won four states: Vermont, Oklahoma, Colorado and Minnesota. He lost Massachusetts by less than 1%. He lost Alabama, American Samoa, Arkansas, Georgia, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia during the event. On March 5, 2016, "Super Saturday", Sanders won two states: Kansas by 35% and Nebraska by almost 15%. He lost the Louisiana primary by about 48% during the event. On March 6, 2016, Sanders won the Maine caucuses by almost 65%. Since polls closed on March 8, Sanders has won all 36 international cities of the Democrats Abroad primary. He won 3,301 (68.91%) to Clinton's 1,489 (31.09%) of the global votes. On March 8, 2016, Sanders lost the Mississippi primaries by 65%. On the same day, Sanders won the Michigan primaries by 2%.


Jeanna Friske

Jeanna Vladimirovna Friske (; 8 July 1974 – 15 June 2015), better known by the stage name Zhanna Friske, was a Russian actress, singer, model, and socialite.

Firske died in Balashikha, Russia from glioblastoma, a rare form of brain cancer, aged 40.




Harry Rowohlt

Harry Rowohlt (27 March 1945 – 15 June 2015) was a German writer and translator. He was born in Hamburg. He also played the role of a derelict in the famous German weekly-soap Lindenstraße.

In 1999 he was awarded the Johann-Heinrich-Voß-Preis für Übersetzung. And in 2005, he received the Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis for his translation work.

He died of lung cancer in Hamburg.

Qiao Shi

Qiao Shi (December 1924 – 14 June 2015) was a Chinese politician and a top leader of the Communist Party of China. He was a member of the party's top decision-making body, the Politburo Standing Committee, from 1987 to 1997. He was a contender for the paramount leadership of China, but lost out to his political rival Jiang Zemin, who assumed the presidency in 1993. Qiao Shi instead served as Chairman of the National People's Congress, the third-ranked political position, from 1993 until his retirement in 1998.

Maria Bashir

Maria Bashir (b. 1970) is a lawyer from Afghanistan. She is the only woman to have the job of prosecutor in the country. She has 15 years experience in the Afghan government. During the time of the Taliban, she was not permitted to work. Instead, she had an illegal school for girls in her house. In 2006, after the time of the Taliban, she worked as Chief Prosecutor General of Herat Province. In 2010, she had 87 cases; mostly about corruption and oppression of women.
In 2011, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State. 

Bashir was the oldest child in her family. She was a very good student. Her father encouraged her to study. When she graduated, she had to choose three subjects for graduate school. Her three choices were law, law, and law. The Minister for Higher Education approved her to study law. She got a law degree from Kabul University. Later she studied in Kabul for one year to be a prosecutor.

In 1996, after she graduated, Bashir got married. She moved to Herat, her husband's city. Her husband has an import business in China. Bashir has two sons and a daughter. The oldest son studies in Germany. The other two children study at home, because of death threats against Bashir and her family.

After Bashir finished school, she went to work at the Attorney General's office. She worked as a criminal investigator in Kabul, and later in Herat.

After Bashir moved to Herat, in 1995, the Taliban came. They stopped women from working. Bashir stayed in the house, like the other women. The Taliban made it illegal for girls to read or work. This ensured that women and girls remained dependent on men. Bashir started an underground school in her house. The students hid their books inside shopping bags.

In 2001, the American invasion allowed women to start work again. Bashir went back to her old job as a criminal investigator. When the Attorney General visited Herat in 2006, he met with prosecutors from four provinces. Bashir was the only woman at the meeting. The Attorney General said he was happy with Bashir's murder case against the husband of Afghan poet and journalist Nadia Anjuman. The Attorney General made Bashir the Chief Prosecutor General of the province.

The U.S. government welcomed Bashir as a sign of Westernization after the Taliban. The US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice flew Bashir to Washington for talks. However, Bashir said many negative things about the new constitution. The new constitution gave equal rights to women, but many judges still used the old Islamic Sharia Law. Bashir said the new law did not give women freedom to choose their husbands. She also said that men were not sent to trial for adultery, but women were stoned to death for the same thing. In divorce, the husband always got the children; women thought suicide was better. On the subject of corruption, Bashir wanted to stop appointments based on ethnic groups. She also wanted more money for officials. She said the corruption would not stop if the officials had to find more money somewhere.



Fred Kummerow

Fred Kummerow (October 4, 1914 – May 31, 2017) was an American emeritus professor of comparative biosciences at the University of Illinois and a centenarian. He continued to do research even after he was one hundred years old.

Kummerow was known for his works to prove the health issues that trans fat caused to people.

Kummerow died on May 31, 2017 at his home in Urbana, Illinois at the age of 102.



Night Train to Lisbon (movie)

Night Train to Lisbon is a 2013 German-Swiss-Portuguese drama movie. It was directed by Bille August. It stars Jeremy Irons, Mélanie Laurent, Bruno Ganz, Tom Courtenay, and Christopher Lee. It is based on the novel of the same name. It was released to mixed reviews on 13 February 2013 in Berlin.

Sal Mineo

Salvatore "Sal" Mineo, Jr. (January 10, 1939February 12, 1976), was an American movie and theatre actor. Mineo was born in the Bronx, New York City, into an Italian family. He is best known for his performance as John "Plato" Crawford opposite James Dean in the movie "Rebel Without a Cause". He was twice nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Once for his roles in "Rebel Without a Cause" and once for "Exodus".

Mineo was bisexual. In 1976 he played the role of a bisexual burglar in a series of stage performances of the comedy, "P.S. Your Cat Is Dead". The play moved from San Francisco to Los Angeles and Mineo moved along with the play. He was arriving home after a rehearsal on February 12, 1976, when he was stabbed to death by a mugger in the alley behind his apartment building. This happened near Sunset Strip in West Hollywood, California. He was buried in Hawthorne, New York.

Ron Clarke

Ronald William "Ron" Clarke (21 February 1937 – 17 June 2015) was an Australian athlete, writer, and politician. He served as Mayor of the Gold Coast from 25 March 2004 until 27 February 2012. He was a world record holder and won a bronze medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.

Clarke was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He was married to Helen Clarke and had two sons.

Clark died from kidney failure on 17 June 2015 in Southport, Queensland. He was 78.

Roberto Suazo Córdova

Roberto Suazo Córdova (17 March 1927 – 22 December 2018) was a Honduran politician. He served as President of Honduras from 1982 to 1986. He was born in La Paz, Honduras.

Córdova died on 22 December 2018 at a hospital in Tegucigalpa, Honduras from complications of stomach surgery at the age of 91.

Charles Correa

Charles Correa (1 September 1930 – 16 June 2015) was an Indian architect, urban planner and activist. He is known for the creation of modern architecture in post-Independence India.

He was awarded the Padma Shri in 1972, and second highest civilian honour, the Padma Vibhushan in 2006, given by Government of India. He was also awarded the 1984 Royal Gold Medal for architecture, by the Royal Institute of British Architects.

Correa died at his home in Mumbai after a brief illness at the age of 84.


Ancien Évêché Museum

The Ancien Évêché Museum is a departmental museum in Grenoble. It is dedicated to the Isere heritage through the history of its Bishop's palace. It was inaugurated in 1998. It is in the former Bishop's palace, near the Notre-Dame cathedral. The museum gives access to the remains of an early Christian baptistry and to a section of the former Roman wall, in the basement of the building.

The permanent exhibition "Isère throught History" displays items and paintings relating to the development of Isère from pre-history to the present day.

The museum also shows regularly temporary exhibitions of local artists.


The B tramline: Notre-Dame-Musée station.


Stephen Curry

Wardell Stephen Curry II (born March 14, 1988) is an American basketball player who plays for the GOLDEN STATE WORRIERS NOT THE LA LAKERS AND HE IS THE BEST PLAYER IN THE WORLD THERE IS NO WAY HE CAN LOSE!!!!!

Curry plays as a point guard position. He is the son of former NBA player Dell Curry who played the shooting guard and small forward positions.

He is a two-time MVP and four-time champion. He has also broken the record of most three-pointers made in a season, with 402, during the 2016 NBA season.

Curry played college basketball for the Davidson College Wildcats. There, he was twice named Southern Conference Player of the Year. He set the all-time scoring record for both Davidson and the Southern Conference. In his second year of college, Curry also set the single-season NCAA record for three-point-shots made.

In the 2009 draft picked,Stephen Curry was selected to Golden State Warriors as the 7th overall picked.As he played for the Golden State he have score 21,712 points.He is currently leading the most 3 pointers made with 3,505 threes.In his professional career, Curry and the Golden State have won 4 NBA finals in 2015,2017,2018 and 2022.As he won a championship in 2015 he also won the NBA finals Most Valuable Player.

Curry have spend most of his career in Golden State Warriors and he have played with them for 14 seasons.Stephen Curry is the son of a retired NBA player called Dell Curry.He also have a brother who is currently playing called Seth Curry.

Andre Igoudala

Andre Tyler Iguodala (; born January 28, 1984) is an American professional basketball player. He plays for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA). In 2015 he was named most valuable player (MVP) of the NBA Finals.

Iguodala went to Lanphier High School in Springfield, Illinois.

He then played for the Arizona Wildcats basketball team at the University of Arizona. While playing for Arizona, the Wildcats made it to the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship both seasons. After completing two years, he put his name in for the NBA Draft

In the 2004 NBA Draft he was chosen by the Philadelphia 76ers. Iguodala played in Philadelphia until the summer of 2012. He was then traded to the Denver Nuggets. He was picked up by the Golden State Warriors in 2013. 

In November 2023 the National Basketball Players Association announced Andre Iguodala as acting executive director.

Child labour in India

Child labour in India is when Indian children work for money, on a part or full-time basis...

The practice deprives children of their childhood, and is harmful to their physical and mental development. Various things lead to children working. Poverty, lack of good schools and informal work places may be blamed.

The 1998 national census of India estimated the total number of child labour, aged 4–15, to be at 12.6 million, out of a total child population of 253 million in 5-14 age group. The 2011 national census of India found the total number of child labour, aged 5–14, to be at 4.35 million, and the total child population to be 259.64 million in that age group.

The child labour problem is not unique to India; worldwide, about 217 million children work, many full-time.

Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay

Rishi Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay (27 June 1838 – 8 April 1894) was a Bengali writer, poet and journalist. He was the composer of India's national song "Vande Mataram". It was originally a Bengali and Sanskrit "stotra" (hymn) portraying India as a mother goddess. The song inspired the activists during the Indian Independence Movement. Chattopadhyay wrote 13 novels. He also wrote several serious, serio-comic, satirical, scientific and critical articles in Bengali. His works were widely translated into other regional languages of India.

Chattopadhyay was born to an orthodox Brahmin family. He was educated at Hooghly Mohsin College. The college was founded by Bengali philanthropist Muhammad Mohsin and Presidency College, Calcutta. He was one of the first graduates of the University of Calcutta. From 1858, until his retirement in 1891, he served as a deputy magistrate and deputy collector in the government of British India.

<br>

Kantō Plain

The is the largest plain in Japan. It is in the Kanto Region of central Honshū. The total area 17,000 km covers more than half of the region. It extends over Tokyo, Saitama Prefecture, Kanagawa Prefecture, Chiba Prefecture, Gunma Prefecture, and Tochigi Prefecture.

A number of plateaus make up a large part of the plain. These large plateaus are divided into smaller ones by shallow river valleys. Volcanic ash from surrounding volcanoes are thought to have been deposited on these plateaus.

What is unusual is the overall tilt of the plateaus and hills. The entire area is slightly bent or slanted and forms a basin centered in the Tone River and Tokyo Bay. Tectonic changes are still happening, as the plain’s central region gradually sinks lower towards sea level.

Henriette Ekwe Ebongo

Henriette Ekwe Ebongo (born December 25, 1949) is a Cameroonian journalist, publisher and political activist. In 2011 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the United States Department of State.

Ebongo works for freedom of the press, equality for women, human rights, and good government. She also works against corruption and discrimination against women. In the 1980s, she worked against dictatorship. During this time, she was tortured and taken to military court.

Ebongo publishes the weekly newspaper "Babela". She started the Cameroon branch of Transparency International, a non-governmental organization that works against government corruption.



Netatmo

Founded in 2011, Netatmo is a French company specializing in connected objects. Their four products (weather station, thermostat and camera) have been awarded by the "CES Innovations Design and Engineering Awards" in 2013, 2014 and 2015 . In 2015, Welcome, won 4 awards in the following categories: "Smart Home", "Home Appliances", "Digital Imaging" and "Tech for a better World".

Wood ash

Wood ash is the powder left after wood has been in a fire, such as a home fireplace or an industrial power plant. Some gardeners use it to make potash. After being burned, only a small amount of wood is left as wood ash.

Wood ash has also been used in ceramic glazes, in China, Japan, and Korea. It has also been used to make soap.

Edwin Edwards

Edwin Washington Edwards (August 7, 1927 – July 12, 2021) was an American politician and member of the Democratic Party. He served as the U.S. Representative from 1965 to 1972 and as the 50th Governor of Louisiana for four terms (1972–1980, 1984–1988 and 1992–1996), twice as many elected terms as any other Louisiana chief executive.

He served a total of sixteen years in office, the sixth-longest serving gubernatorial tenure in post-Constitutional U.S. history at 5,784 days. He was a colorful, powerful and legendary figure in Louisiana politics. Edwards, who has been dubbed the "very last of the line of New Deal Southern Democrats", was long dogged by charges of corruption.

In 2001, he was found guilty of racketeering charges and sentenced to ten years in Federal prison. Edwards began serving his sentence in October 2002 in Fort Worth, Texas, and was later transferred to the federal facility in Oakdale, Louisiana. Edwards was released from federal prison in January 2011, after serving eight years.

Without a pardon, Edwards remains ineligible to seek the governorship until 15 years have passed from the end of his sentence. In 2013, Edwards co-starred, alongside his third wife Trina, in an A&E reality show, "The Governor's Wife" based on their life together. In 2014, Edwards ran in the 2014 election to represent in the United States House of Representatives. He placed first in the jungle primary, but was crushed by nearly 25 points in the runoff election.

Edwards was born in Marksville, Louisiana. He studied at Louisiana State University. Edwards was married to Elaine Schwartzenburg from 1949 until they divorced in 1989. Then he was married to Candace Picou from 1994 until they divorced in 2004. Then he married his current wife, Trina Grimes Scott in 2011. Edwards has four children with Elaine and one with Trina.

In 2015, Edwards was hospitalized for pneumonia. On December 13, 2016, Edwards was hospitalized under stable condition again for pneumonia in Baton Rouge.

Edwards was sent to hospice care for pain in his lungs in Gonzales, Louisiana on July 6, 2021. He died six days later on July 12 at the age of 93. The cause of death was respiratory failure caused by pneumonia.


Mark White

Mark Wells White, Jr., (March 17, 1940 – August 5, 2017) was an American lawyer. He served as the 43rd Governor of Texas serving from January 18, 1983 to January 20, 1987.

White died at age 77 at his home in Houston, Texas on August 5, 2017 from a heart attack.


Twine

Twine (also called baler twine) is a light string or strong thread made from two or more smaller strands or yarns twisted together. More generally, the term can be applied to a cord. It is often synonymous with string but is usually thicker. Natural fibres used for making twine include cotton, sisal, jute, hemp, henequen, and coir. A variety of synthetic fibres may also be used. Twine is available in colors, plain or waxed. Twine is as useful as duct tape in that it can be used for a wide variety of repairs.
In arts and crafts, twine is used for a wide variety of projects. It is used in knitting, crocheting, and making jewellery, to mention just a few. Commercially, twine is used in upholstery, rug-making, agriculture, the cotton industry, textiles, and in the carton industry.

Twine traces its history back to as early as 32,000 years ago. Wild flax fibers were used to make twine for clothing, baskets and creating tools. Hunter-gatherers processed flax into strong cords or twine. 

Archaeologists discovered flax fiber cords in a western Asian cave that date from 32,000 to 26,000 years ago. In a cave at Lascaux, France fossilized remains of a “two-ply laid rope of about 7 mm diameter” were dated to about 15,000 BCE. Hemp twine was used from about 8,000 BCE. By 1,000 BCE hemp rope and twine was used by most civilizations. From 500 BCE to 1900 AD almost all rope and twine used in sailing ships was made from hemp. For example, the USS Constitution used hemp for its rigging lines. Sea bags and other common goods used help cordage or twine.

In the 1630s hemp was used to produce cordage in Boston. Soon there were several ropewalks in Boston producing hemp rope. Hemp twine was twisted into rope.


<br>

Nanyuki

Nanyuki is a town in Kenya. It had an urban population of 31,577 in 1999.

The town was started by British settlers in the early days of colonial Kenya in 1907. Some of their descendants still live in or around the town. Today, the town is multi-cultural and the market center for farms, ranches, game parks and wildlife conservancies in the region.

Charleston church shooting

On the evening of June 17, 2015, a mass shooting took place at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, the first church for black people ever in America. It is in Charleston, South Carolina, United States. Nine people at the church were killed and another was injured. Among the dead was minister and state senator, Clementa C. Pinckney.

Police arrested a white youth, later identified as 21-year-old Dylann Roof, in Shelby, North Carolina, the morning after the attack. 

Dylann Storm Roof was named by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) as the suspected killer after his father and uncle got in touch with police. They identified Roof after seeing security photos of him in the news. Roof was born in Columbia, South Carolina. He was living in a mostly African-American neighborhood near Columbia at the time of the shooting. Roof already had a police record of two arrests, both made in the months leading up to the attack.

The victims, six women and three men, were all African-American members of the AME Church. Eight died at the scene; the ninth, Daniel Simmons, died at MUSC Medical Center. They were all killed by multiple gunshots fired at close range.Five persons survived the shooting unharmed, including Felicia Sanders, mother of slain victim Tywanza Sanders, and her five-year-old granddaughter, as well as Polly Sheppard, a Bible study member. Pinckney's wife and two daughters were inside the building during the shooting, but were in the pastor's office with the door locked. Those killed were identified as:

The victims were later collectively referred to as "The Emanuel Nine".

Eugénie Le Sommer

Eugénie Anne Claudine Le Sommer (born on 18 May 1989 in Grasse, France) is a French association football midfielder/forward who currently plays for Olympique Lyonnais and the France women's national football team.

Marta (footballer)

Marta Vieira da Silva (born on 19 February 1986 in Dois Riachos, Brazil) is a Brazilian association football forward who currently plays for the Damallsvenskan team of FC Rosengård and the Brazil women's national football team.


Clementa C. Pinckney

Clementa Carlos Pinckney (July 30, 1973 – June 17, 2015) was an American Democratic member of the South Carolina Senate, representing the 45th District since 2000. He was previously a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1997 through 2000.

Pinckney was a senior pastor at Mother Emanuel A.M.E. in Charleston. He died, along with eight others, in a mass shooting at an evening bible study at his church on June 17, 2015.


Tony Ranasinghe

Tony Ranasinghe (31 July 1937 – 16 June 2015) was a Sri Lankan actor. He was known for his roles in "Hanthane Kathawa" (1969), "Duhulu Malak" (1976) and "Ahasin Polawata" (1979). Ranasinghe was born in Modara, Sri Lanka.

Ranasinghe died on 16 June 2015 at a public hospital in Colombo at the age of 77. 


Anti-tank gun

An anti-tank gun is a light artillery gun used to destroy tanks. The shells they fire are usually between 25 and 90 mm caliber (1 to 3.6 inches). They were used a lot in World War II. Later wars used them less, because smaller anti-tank weapons had been invented. The first anti-tank weapon was used in WWI. This was the Mauser 1918 T-Gewehr, a heavy, handheld rifle used by German troops to pierce through the thin armor of the time. Although not an artillery piece, this paved the way for the first anti-tank gun being made. The 3.7 cm PaK made by Germany was the first artillery piece to be designed specifically for tanks. This was made after WWI.

During the Second World War, many anti-tank weapons were made. Germany started the war with the 3.7 cm gun which had worked very well in the Spanish Civil War but was not powerful enough to destroy new enemy tanks. The 8.8 cm flak gun, designed for anti-aircraft warfare, was powerful enough to use against new tanks such as the British Valentine II and Soviet T-34. It could still be used as anti-air but in the early part of WWII it often fought tanks. When fighting against tanks it was too tall to hide easily, and too heavy to move as easily as a real anti-tank gun, but it was powerful and versatile. It was also too expensive; German factories could not make enough of them to do both kinds of fighting. The German 7.5 cm anti-tank gun was powerful enough to destroy most tanks, and enough were made to let them become the main German anti-tank gun late in the war.

In the same era, rocket launchers were being produced as well. Items like the M1 Bazooka, the Panzerfaust, and Panzerschreck, were being produced to counter tank, as well as give infantry to fight against tanks. The Anti-Tank gun has outlived its usage in wartime, due to the fact that they can't compete with the changing tanks in this time period. Years after WW2, many new and improved anti-tank guns were being used. But, instead of being artillery pieces, it was shifted into being infantry use. The Cold War was a root cause for all of these new weapons, as the Soviet Union and the United States of America, were in constant back and fourths with their technology. They would supply their ally countries with these weapons whenever they went to war, weapons like the M20 or the RPG-7 were commonly distributed . At this point of history, anti-tank guns have begun to become infantry held weapons rather than artillery pieces. In modern warfare anti-tank weapons would be mostly infantry held, some would be artillery pieces. But, due to the shift of the weapons and tanks, it began to become more infantry dependent, instead of being artillery dependent. 
2007 FIFA Women's World Cup

The 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup was the fifth FIFA Women's World Cup and it took place in China. The winners were Germany.









April 2015 Nepal earthquake

The April 2015 Nepal earthquake (also known as the Gorkha earthquake) killed more than 8,800 people and injured more than 23,000. It occurred at <time datetime="2015-04-25 11:56"></time> on 25 April. The earthquake had a magnitude of 7.8M. Its epicenter was east of the district of Lamjung. Its hypocenter was at a depth of about . It was the worst natural disaster to strike Nepal since the 1934 Nepal–Bihar earthquake.

The earthquake triggered an avalanche on Mount Everest, killing at least 19 people. This makes April 25, 2015 the deadliest day on the mountain in history. The earthquake triggered another huge avalanche in the Langtang valley, where 250 people were reported missing.

Hundreds of thousands of people were made homeless with entire villages destroyed. Centuries-old buildings were destroyed at UNESCO World Heritage Sites in the Kathmandu Valley. Experts had warned for decades that Nepal was vulnerable to a deadly earthquake.

Continued aftershocks occurred throughout Nepal within 15–20 minute intervals. One shock reached a magnitude of 6.7 on 26 April at <time datetime="2015-04-25 12:54">12:54:08</time> NST. The country also had a continued risk of landslides.

It created seven avalanches after. Many Nepalese counties were damaged by the quake.

Sonny Black (album)

Sonny Black is the 12th studio album by the German rapper Bushido. It was released on February 14, 2014 and it reached No. 1 on the German, Austrian and Swiss music charts.


Amy Sedaris

Amy Sedaris (born March 29, 1961) is an American writer, actress and comedian. She played Jerri Blank in "Strangers with Candy" on Comedy Central and The Powerpuff Girls. She played Rachel Hoffberg in "Maid in Manhattan".

Sedaris was born in Endicott, New York. She grew up in Raleigh, North Carolina.

Nicolas Wadimoff

Nicolas Wadimoff is a Swiss director and producer. He was born in 1964 in Geneva, Switzerland.

Wadimoff was born in 1964 in Geneva, Switzerland. 

1983: Graduated from the Collège de Genève 

1987: Degree in Communication from the University of Quebec, Montreal (UQAM, specialisation in cinema). 

1983-1990: Guitarist in an alternative rock group and toured round Europe.

1985-1990: founding member of the association État d'Urgences (State of Emergency), alternative cultural action group, and management of USINE, cultural centre.

Between 1992 and 1996, worked at TSR (French language TV network in Switzerland) as a director for different news magazines, including the programme Temps Présent. During this time, he filmed in Libya, Algeria, Palestine and Israel, Yemen, Rwanda, Chiapas, etc…

1994: Actor directing class with Judith Weston

1996: Directed his first feature length fiction movie, "Clandestins", winner of more than fifteen awards at international festivals.

1997-2002: Co-founder of the movie production company Caravan prod. for which he produces and directs adverts and movies to order, documentaries and fiction movies, including the TV movie “15, rue des Bains”, the feature length cinema movie “Mondialito” then in 2002 the TV movie “Kadogo, l’enfant-soldat” for France 2 and TSR.

In 2002, he left his role at caravan prod. to dedicate himself exclusively to being a writer-director. Through Akka Films, Nicolas Wadimoff started up and developed the project “Swiss Palestinian Encounters”: five short documentaries were borne out of a documentary workshop in which young aspiring Palestinian movie directors took part. The world premieres of the movies, presented under the title “My Home”, took place at the Visions du Réel Festival in April 2005 before being shown at international festivals.

In 2005, he brought out “L’Accord”, a feature length documentary that tells the behind the scenes story of the Geneva Initiative; the movie had its world premiere at the Locarno festival.

In 2006, together with the Palestinian Filmmaker’s Colllective, Nicolas Wadimoff co-produced “Summer 2006 in Palestine”, a collection a 13 short 3 minute movies by Palestinian filmmakers.

In autumn 2006, Nicolas Wadimoff directed the fictional part of a docudrama for the Franco-German TV network Arte, “Les Mystères de Monte Sana”, a science-fiction movie on stem cell treatments.

Between November 2006 and May 2007, he also directed two 26 minute episodes for the “Toutes les Télés du Monde” series, again for Arte.

In 2007, he produced “5 minutes from Home”, a documentary by Nahed Awwad, which had its international competition premiere at the Visions du Réel festival in Nyon, Switzerland.

In 2008, while still developing his own projects, Nicolas Wadimoff produced the 13 episode 6 minute “Futurofoot” series for TSR, Direct 8 (France) and Orange TV, then the movie “Dowaha” (The Secrets) by Raja Amari, shortlisted at the 2009 Venice Film Festival and “Fix Me” by Raed Andoni, shortlisted at the 2010 Sundance Festival.

In February 2009, following the War in Gaza, he shot the documentary “Aisheen” (Still Alive in Gaza), shortlisted at the 2010 Berlin Festival, then entered at the Visions du Réel festival in Nyon in April 2010.

His next feature length fiction movie, “Libertad”, based on a script written with Jacob Berger, was premiered in Director’s Fortnight in Cannes Film Festival in 2012.

In 2015, he won the prestigious "Prix de Soleure" award with "Spartans". Documentary about Yvan Sorel, who runs a MMA (Mixed Martial Arts) club in Marseille's “Quartier nord”, a district of the city mainly known in the media for its drug trafficking, gang shootings and kalashnikovs. 



2003 FIFA Women's World Cup

The 2003 FIFA Women's World Cup was the fourth FIFA Women's World Cup. It took place in the United States. The winners were Germany.

Wangen im Allgäu

Wangen im Allgäu is a city in south Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is north-east of the Lake Constance.

The city was first called "Wangun" in the year of 815. During the Middle Ages, the city growed a lot thanks to its location near many Alpine cities. The extra money that the city earned from its trade helped expand its borders.

In 1802, Wangen joined the Kingdom of Bavaria and lost its independence. Wangen was put into the Kingdom of Württemberg in 1810.

In 1936, the city was officially named "Wangen in Allgäu."

From 1938 to 1972, Wangen was the capital of the Wangen rural district. It then joined the Ravensburg district after the Wangen district broke up.

The city has been flooded a few times, most notably in 1999 and 2006.

During the 2006 FIFA World Cup, the Togo national football team stayed in Wangen.

Wangen im Allgäu's climate is humid continental (Köppen: Dfb) with cold winters and warm summers.

Nadine Angerer

Nadine Marejke Angerer (born 10 November 1978 in Lohr am Main, Germany) is a retired German association football goalkeeper. She last played for Portland Thorns FC of the NWSL and the Germany women's national football team. She was the 2013 FIFA World Player of the Year, which also means that she was the first goalkeeper to win that award.

Angerer made her debut with Germany in 1996. She won the 2003 and 2007 World Cups with them. She also won the UEFA Women's Euro in 1997, 2001, 2005, 2009, and 2013, along with bronze medals at the 2000 Olympics, 2004 Olympics, and 2008 Olympics.

Turbine Potsdam

1. FFC Frankfurt



Julian Castro

Julián Castro ( , ; (born September 16, 1974) is an American politician. He was the United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from 2014 to 2017. Before that, Castro was the Mayor of San Antonio, Texas, from 2009 to 2014. He held that office for three terms.

In January 2019, Castro announced his campaign to run for President of the United States in the 2020 election. He ended his campaign in January 2020.

Julian Castro was born in San Antonio, Texas, to Maria "Rosie" Castro and Jessie Guzman. He is the identical twin brother of current United States Representative Joaquín Castro. His mother was a Chicana political activist who helped start the Chicano political party, La Raza Unida. She also ran for the San Antonio City Council in 1971, but she did not win. Castro once said, "My mother is probably the biggest reason that my brother and I are in public service. Growing up, she would take us to a lot of rallies and organizational meetings and other things that are very boring for an 8-, 9-, 10-year-old".

Castro graduated from Thomas Jefferson High School in San Antonio in 1992. He had played football, basketball and tennis. He got an offer to play tennis at Trinity University, an NCAA Division III school in his hometown. He decided instead to go to Stanford University. He graduated from Stanford in 1996 with a bachelor's degree in political science and communications.

Castro entered Harvard Law School in 1997 and graduated with a Juris Doctor degree in 2000.

On May 22, 2014, the White House said that Castro had been nominated by President Barack Obama to be the next Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. He was approved by the Senate on July 9, 2014, by a vote of 71-26. He took office on July 28, 2014. After the announcement, Castro has been talked about as a possible 2016 Democratic Vice Presidential nominee.

On July 28, 2014, his first day in office, Castro was honored at a reception called "Celebrating Latino Cabinet Members". It was hosted by the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute.

On December 12, 2018, Castro formed an exploratory committee for a presidential bid in the 2020 election. Exactly one month later, Castro officially launched his presidential bid at a rally in San Antonio. His brother, Congressman Joaquin Castro, introduced him at the rally. He ended his campaign on January 2, 2020 following low polling numbers.

Susannah Mushatt Jones

Susannah Mushatt Jones (July 6, 1899 – May 12, 2016) was an American supercentenarian who was, at the age of 116, the world's oldest living person. Jones was the last living American person born in the 19th century.

At the time of her death in May 2016, she was considered as the 3rd-oldest person ever from the United States, after Sarah Knauss and Lucy Hannah. After Hannah's age was debunked in 2020, it turned out that she was the 2nd-oldest person ever from the United States at the time of her death behind only Sarah Knauss. However, in April 2023, Delphia Welford (1875 - 1992) has been validated, so Jones was in fact the 3rd-oldest person ever from the United States.

She has received tributes from the United States House of Representatives and from the Alabama House of Representatives "for a remarkable lifetime of exceptional achievement lived during three centuries".

Sunwing Airlines

Sunwing Airlines is a Canadian airline. It was started in 2005. Sunwing has scheduled (planned) and charter (irregular) flights. It goes to cities in Canada, United States, Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America, South America and Europe. Montréal–Trudeau, Toronto-Pearson and Vancouver are Sunwing's hubs. 

John David Crow

John David Crow (July 8, 1935 – June 17, 2015) was an American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator. He won the Heisman Trophy as a halfback at Texas A&M University in 1957. He and later played professional football in the National Football League (NFL) for the Chicago / St. Louis Cardinals and the San Francisco 49ers between 1958 and 1968. 

Pontiac Aztek

The Pontiac Aztek was a mid-size crossover sold by the Pontiac division of General Motors from 2001 to 2005. The vehicle was GM's first venture into the crossover market. It also had a twin the Buick Rendezvous. Both were built on the GM's minivan platform. The Aztek was a cross between a minivan and an SUV.

With a front engine and four-wheel drive (available after January 2001), the Aztek featured a four-speed automatic transmission and a V-6 engine. Pontiac marketed it as a "sport recreational vehicle." It featuring 94 cubic feet of cargo room capable of carrying a 4' x 8' sheet of plywood with its rear seats removed. Other features included a rear center console that doubled as a removable cooler. It had rear stereo controls in the cargo area. The Aztek featured an available camping package with an attachable tent and inflatable mattress. The latter could be inflated by a built-in air compressor.

The Aztek was a commercial failure. It was also called one of the worst vehicles ever made. Criticized for its awkward styling it was called downright ugly. The Aztek was phased out and replaced by the Pontiac Torrent. The Rendezvous continued to be sold until 2008 when it was replaced by the Enclave.

<br>

Mighty Sam McClain

Samuel McClain (April 15, 1943 – June 16, 2015), better known by his stage name Mighty Sam McClain, was an American soul blues singer and songwriter. He began his career in 1958. He was nominated for a Grammy Award. He was born in Monroe, Louisiana.

McClain died from a stroke on June 16, 2015 in Concord, New Hampshire, aged 72.

Hollis, New Hampshire

Hollis is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 8,342 at the 2020 census.

Warner, New Hampshire

Warner is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 2,937 at the 2020 census.

Sax Rohmer

Sax Rohmer was Arthur Henry Ward (15 February 1883 – 1 June 1959). He was an English novelist born in Birmingham to Irish parents. He is best remembered for his creation of the master criminal Dr Fu Manchu.

After ghostwriting the autobiography of Little Tich, a music hall entertainer, Ward issued the first Fu Manchu novel. This was "The Mystery of Dr. Fu-Manchu", serialised from October 1912 to June 1913.

It was an immediate success. It had police official Denis Nayland Smith and Dr. Petrie facing a worldwide conspiracy led by a mastermind. It reflected the "yellow peril" scares of the times. The phrase yellow peril (sometimes yellow terror or yellow spectre), was coined by Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany, in the 1890s.

The Fu Manchu stories, and other writing, made Rohmer one of the most successful and well-paid authors of the 1920s and 1930s.

AC Cobra

The AC Cobra is a hybrid sportscar consisting of a British roadster with an American engine and transmission. In 1961 Carroll Shelby and took a dated sports car and collaborated to design a body to fit a Ford V-8 engine with a Borg-Warner T-10 four-speed transmission. The resulting car made history. Designed as a Corvette-killer it was one of the fastest cars available at the time. Their bodies and chassis were produced in the UK and subsequently tuned by Carroll Shelby International Inc in the USA. They became famous as "Shelby Cobra and Shelby AC Cobra" in the USA and "AC Cobra" in Europe until 1968, when the Shelby/AC collaboration ended. Since 1969 genuine AC Cobra has been produced by . 
Carroll Shelby was one of the world's first professional race car drivers. At age 37 a bad heart forced his retirement from racing. He started building cars in the back of a tire dealership in Santa Fe Springs, California. In June 1962 he moved to Venice, California. He wanted to build an American sportscar. Others had experimented with putting an American engine into a European car body. Shelby thought he could do it better. He approached General Motors with the idea but they already had the Corvette. They were also not interested in a limited production sports car. Ford, however, was very interested. Shelby also learned that in England was having trouble getting motors for their cars. He told them Ford was interested in supplying engines if they would ship him a car to test. They sent a body and Ford sent him a V-8. He and a friend worked all night installing the engine. In the morning they had the first Shelby AC Cobra.

In the beginning Shelby used Ford's 260 cu in. engine. The V8 worked so well within the spacious engine bay Shelby looked for a larger engine. In 1963 the 289 was installed and worked very well. In 1964 Shelby moved to Ford's 427 cu in. engine and made the chassis stronger in 1965.

In October 1962 a Cobra was winning at Riverside, California when a broken hub put it out of the race. In January 1963 a Cobra won at Riverside. Cobras raced at Daytona, Sebring and Le Mans. 
In 1964 a specially designed 427 coupe won the GT Championship. The same year raced at Le Mans and placed fourth. Their legend continued to grow on the racetrack.

From 1961 to 1968 a total of only 998 were built. Of these 655 were 289 Cobras and 343 were 427 Cobras. In late 1968 AC stopped production of the Ace body. They continued to produce AC Cobras for Shelby until 1968 and have been producing it as sole manufacturer until recent days.

Shelby didn't make any more Cobras until the early 1990s. He watched as prices soared for his original cars. He also saw many Cobra replicas being built; some good, some not so good. He still had a number of unused chassis numbers for cars designed to be built in 1965. He wanted to sell them as new 1965 models but the state of California would only allow them to be sold for off-road use. He built only nine "Completion Cobras". Shelby then began to build cars as "rollers" that could be completed by an authorized dealer. They were available with a fiberglass body or the original aluminum body. He offered 289 Cobras and Cobras with 427 "side-oiler" engines. Shelby offered a 50th anniversary Cobra in all black with red interiors. They had special gold badging. He made 50, available as rollers, which were all sold out in 48 hours.

Rhizophoraceae

Rhizophoraceae is a family of flowering plants. There are 149 species in 16 genera. Most of them occur in the Old World. Well-known members of the family are mangrove trees.

James B. Rhoads

James Berton Rhoads (September 17, 1928 – April 7, 2015) was an American civil servant. He served as Fifth Archivist of the United States. He was born in Sioux City, Iowa. Rhoads received his B.A., in 1950, and M.A., in 1952, from the University of California at Berkeley. He later earned his Ph.D. from American University in Washington, DC.

Rhoads died on April 7, 2015 in Leavenworth, Kansas, aged 86.


Frank G. Burke

Frank Gerard Burke (born April 22, 1927) was an American civil servant. He served as Acting Archivist of the United States from April 16, 1985, to December 4, 1987. He received his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago. 

Allen Weinstein

Allen Weinstein (September 1, 1937 – June 18, 2015) was an American historian, educator, and federal official. He served in several different offices. He served as the Archivist of the United States from February 16, 2005 until his resignation on December 19, 2008. After his resignation, he returned to the International Foundation for Electoral Systems as the election organization's senior strategist and to the University of Maryland as a history professor.

Weinstein died of pneumonia in Gaithersburg, Maryland, aged 77.

Fredrik Fasting Torgersen

Fredrik Ludvig Fasting Torgersen (1 October 1934 – 19 June 2015) was a Norwegian man who was convicted of murder in 1958. Serving 16 years in prison before being released, he has claimed his innocence many times. 

In 2013 Bjørg Njaa, a daughter of a judge in the 1958 trial said that her father was prejudiced against Torgersen even before being assigned to the trial. In 2014 he was denied access to official recordings of then leader of the Norwegian Board of Forensic Medicine, Bjørnar Olaisen, answering to Criminal Cases Review Commission.

Jack Rollins (producer)

Jack Rollins (born Jacob Rabinowitz; March 23, 1915 – June 18, 2015) was an American movie producer and manager of many successful comedians and television personalities. He was known for working with Woody Allen and David Letterman. His last movie to be produced was Woody Allen's 2011 movie "Midnight in Paris".

Phil Austin

Philip Baine Austin (April 6, 1941 – June 18, 2015) was an American comedian and writer. Austin was best known for his work as part of The Firesign Theatre (of which he was the only constant member), where he played the group's best-known creation, Nick Danger. 


Harold Battiste

Harold Raymond Battiste, Jr. (October 28, 1931 – June 19, 2015) was an American music composer, arranger, performer and teacher. He was best known for his work as an arranger on records by Sam Cooke, Joe Jones, Lee Dorsey, Sonny and Cher, Dr. John, and others.

Battiste died on June 19, 2015, aged 83, after a period of declining health.


Sebastiano Mannironi

Sebastiano Mannironi (22 July 1930 – 11 June 2015) was an Italian weightlifter. He was born in Nuoro, Sardinia. He competed at the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal at the 1960 Olympics.

Mannironi died on 11 June 2015 in Bracciano, aged 84.

Patrick Eisdell Moore

Sir Patrick William Eisdell Moore (17 March 1918 – 18 June 2015) was a New Zealand surgeon and medical researcher. He was known for his work with cochlear implants. He was the first person in the world to perform an eardrum transplant.

Eisdell Moore was born in Bristol, Gloucestershire, England. He also as a medical officer during World War II. His autobiography "So Old So Quick" was released in 2004. He was married and had four children.

Eisdell Moore died on 18 June 2015 in Orakei, Auckland. He was 97.

The Girl Next Door (2004 movie)

The Girl Next Door is a 2004 American teen sex comedy movie. It is directed by Luke Greenfield. It stars Emile Hirsch, Elisha Cuthbert, Timothy Olyphant, James Remar, Chris Marquette and Paul Dano. It also got mixed reviews from critics with Roger Ebert giving it a 1.5 out of 4 stars. It also holds a 56% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

The movie is about a high school senior, Matthew Kidman (Emile Hirsch), who falls in love for the first time with the girl next door, Danielle (Elisha Cuthbert). However, he finds the situation becoming a problem after he learns that she is a one-time pornographic actress.


José Gaspar Rodríguez de Francia y Velasco

José Gaspar Rodríguez de Francia y Velasco (17661840) was the dictator of Paraguay. He helped Paraguay become independent from Spain. Paraguay became independent from Spain in 1811. Francia y Velasco reigned from 1814 until his death in 1840.

Francia y Velasco believed that Paraquay should be self-sufficient. During his reign, almost no goods were imported, and only yerba mate was exported. Leaves and twigs of this herb, "Ilex paraguariensis", are the basis of the drink called "mate".
(An annotated publication of the archived collection of Francia's writings, the "Colección Doroteo Bareiro", held by the "Archivo Nacional de Asuncion"):


James Salter

James Salter (born James Arnold Horowitz; June 10, 1925 – June 19, 2015) was an American novelist, short story writer, poet, screenwriter, and movie director. He was active between 1957 and 2013. His most noted novels were "The Hunters" (1957) and "A Sport and a Pastime" (1967). He also worked on the 1969 movies "Downhill Racer" (writing) and "Three" (directing).

Salter was born in New York City. He was married twice and had five children.

Salter died on June 19, 2015 in Sag Harbor, New York. He was 90.

Dogger Bank

Dogger Bank is a large sandbank in the North Sea. It lies about from the coast of England. It is about long and wide. On average, the North Sea is deep. The average depth in the area of the Dogger Bank is , at the shallowest place the water is only deep. During the last ice age, it was sometimes an island and sometimes a land bridge connecting Britain and mainland Europe.

Today, Dogger Bank is important for fishing, in particular for cod and European plaice.

Dylann Roof

Dylann Storm Roof (born April 3, 1994) is an American white supremacist and mass murderer convicted for the Charleston church shooting on June 17, 2015.

On December 15, 2016, Roof was convicted in federal court of all 33 federal charges (including hate crimes) against him stemming from the shooting; on January 11, 2017, he was sentenced to death for those crimes. In March 2017, he was sentenced life in prison without parole. On April 10, 2017, Roof was sentenced to nine consecutive sentences of life without parole.

Artificial fly

An artificial fly or fly lure is a type of fishing lure. It is usually used in the sport of fly fishing. Artificial flies imitate insects or other things fish eat. Artificial flies are made by fly tying. This is an art in which furs, feathers, thread or any of very many other materials are tied onto a fish hook. 

There are thousands of different fly patterns (kinds) available. Many imitate a particular insect a fish might recognize. Other patterns don't look like any insect, but attract fish anyway.

<br>
<br>

Azerbaijan Carpet Museum

Azerbaijan Carpet Museum (formerly called the State Museum of Azerbaijan Carpet and Applied Art) displays Azerbaijani carpets and rugs. The display shows various weaving techniques and materials from various periods. It is named after Latif Karimov and has the largest collection of Azerbaijani carpets in the world.
It moved to a brand new building on the Baku's seafront park during 2014 from its former location on Neftchiler Avenue.

The museum was established in 1967 and was first located in the Juma Mosque in the Old City. The mosque was built in the 15th century and then renovated in the 19th century. Its first exhibition was held in 1972. In 1992, after the collapse of the USSR, the museum was moved to the second floor of what is now the Baku Museum Center, a building that had originally been the Lenin museum. The collection was named in honour of the carpet designer Latif Karimov.

Plans to move the collection to a new building have been in preparation since 2010 when Azerbaijani carpets were proclaimed "a Masterpiece of Intangible Heritage" by UNESCO.
The new building was due to open in late 2012 and was visited by President Ilham Aliyev in September 2013, but as of March 2014 the new building had not yet officially opened its doors to the public. In April 2014 the museum was renamed Azerbaijan Carpet Museum dropping its much longer official title.

The collection of the museum includes over 10,000 items of ceramics, metal works of the 14th century, jewellery from the Bronze Age, carpets and carpet items from the 17th-20th centuries, national garments and embroidery, and applied art works (decorative arts and design) of the Modern Age. 
The museum organizes public lectures, study courses on carpets and applied arts.
It has a book store selling books on Azerbaijani crafts and carpet art.
The museum also holds a permanent collection from the Shusha Museum of History, from the city of Shusha, looted after occupation by Armenian troops in 1992. Part of the exhibited items of the Shusha museum were saved when the director of the museum moved out 600 carpets before the occupation. They are now displayed at the museum in an exhibition titled "Burned Culture".

The museum does research and public servie work. Every year, state and international exhibitions are organized and catalogues on carpets are printed by the museum. The museum has also held exhibitions in more than 30 countries including France, Germany, England, Japan, the Netherlands. In 1998, the museum participated in a UNESCO-organized exhibition in Paris dedicated to Fuzûlî and in 1999 dedicated to the 1,300th anniversary of the "Book of Dede Korkut" and displayed carpets, folk applied art items, including copper jugs, mugs, buckets and saddle-bags.


Guo Jianmei

Guo Jianmei (Simplified Chinese: 郭建梅; Hanyu pinyin Guō Jiànméi; born October 1961) is a Chinese lawyer and human rights activist. She is the head of an organization to help women with legal problems. In 2011, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the United States Department of State.
Guo Jianmei was born in a poor area of Hua County, Henan Province, in China. Both her parents were teachers. Guo saw poverty and problems with women's rights in her village. This gave her the idea to work for women's rights in China. She is married to writer Liu Zhenyun. 

When she was 18, Guo went to law school at Beijing University. She graduated in 1983. After she graduated, she worked at the Ministry of Justice, The All China Federation of Women, and The All China Association of Lawyers. In 1989, Guo helped to write the law on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests. Guo traveled to more than 20 areas of China to learn about the lives of Chinese women.

In 1995, Guo went to the Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing. When a foreign lawyer asked about non-governmental organizations to help women with legal problems, everyone was silent. They understood that women had very little help in China. Later that year, Guo and her friends started the Beijing University Law School Women's Legal Research and Services Centre, China's first NGO non-governmental organization for legal help for women.

Guo helped write China's new marriage law in 2001. In 2003, she helped write the law for Regulations for Legal Aid. Guo wrote 8 books. She is also editor of three volumes of "Everyday Life Law", and "A Guide to Women's Legal Aid Cases".



Dzsenifer Marozsán

Dzsenifer Marozsán (born 18 April 1992 in Budapest, Hungary) is a German association football midfielder. She currently plays for 1. FFC Frankfurt and the Germany women's national football team. She is the daughter of Hungarian association football player, János Marozsán.

François Delapierre

François Delapierre (4 November 1970 – 20 June 2015) was a French politician. He served as the national secretary of the Left Party from December 2010 until his death. He was also the regional councillor of Île-de-France from February 2009 until his death. He was also a member of the Socialist Party from 1986 to 2008. He was born in Paris.

Delapierre died from brain cancer on 20 June 2015 in Paris, aged 44.

Takanonami Sadahiro

Takanonami Sadahiro (born Sadahiro Namioka October 27, 1971 - June 20, 2015) was a Japanese sumo wrestler and coach from Aomori. He held sumo's second highest rank of "ōzeki" from 1994 until 2000 and won two tournament titles. He lived a sumo coach life after retirement in 2000 until his death in 2015.

Elson Floyd

Elson S. Floyd (February 29, 1956 – June 20, 2015) was an American educator. He served as the 10th president of the four-campus Washington State University from May 21, 2007 to June 20, 2015. Floyd has also served as president of the University of Missouri System and president of Western Michigan University. Floyd was the Chairman of the Pac-12 CEO Group.

Floyd died in Pullman, Washington from colon cancer, aged 59.

Angelo Niculescu

Angelo Niculescu (1 October 1921—20 June 2015) was a Romanian football manager. He was the coach of the Romania national football team during the 1970 FIFA World Cup.


Timofey Mozgov

Timofey Pavlovich Mozgov (born July 16, 1986) is a Russian professional basketball player. He currently plays center for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Mozgov is from St. Petersburg, Russia. He is 7 foot 1 inches tall. Mozgov also played for the New York Knicks and the Denver Nuggets. Mozgov played in the 2012 London Olympics. His team won the bronze medal. He first came into the NBA on October 27, 2010. His jersey number is 20. Mozgov also played for Khimki Moscow Region. On June 4, 2015, he became the first Russian to play in the NBA Finals.

<br>

David Blatt

David Michael Blatt (; born May 22, 1959) is an Israeli-American professional basketball coach. He is currently the head coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Blatt played point guard at Princeton University from 1977 to 1981. He played in the Maccabiah Games for the USA national team that won a gold medal in 1981. He then played professional basketball in Israel for nine of the next 12 years. An injury ended his playing career and he began coaching full-time.

Blatt is one of the most successful American coaches in European basketball history. As a coach, Blatt has been the Israeli League Coach of the Year four times (1996, 2002, 2011, and 2014). He was the Russian Super League Coach of the Year (2005). In the 2012 Summer Olympics he led the Russian national team to win a Bronze medal. Blatt was also the Euroleague Coach of the Year (2014). He took over as Cleveland's head coach in 2014 His lifetime .639 winning percentage after the 2014–15 season was the best of any Cavaliers head coach in team history.

Blatt was born on May 22, 1959, in Boston, Massachusetts. He grew up in Framingham, Massachusetts. As a freshman he played junior varsity before becoming one of Framingham South's top players.

On August 19, 2019, he announced that he has Primary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis, the most advanced form of the autoimmune disease.

<br>

Jeremy Pargo

Jeremy Pargo is an American professional basketball player. He went to Gonzaga University. He plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C.

Eva Abu Halaweh

Eva Abu Halaweh (Arabic: إيفا أبو حلاوة), born 1975, is a Jordanian lawyer and human rights activist. In 2011 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.

Eva works against honor killings. She also works against torture and abuse in the Jordanian prisons and police stations.

Eva has a bachelor's degree in law and a master’s degree in diplomacy. Eva had her own private law practice. She also worked for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees as a legal advisor.

Eva is the Executive Director of the Mizan Law Group for Human Rights. She helped start the organization.




Nirbhaya &quot;Fearless&quot;

“Nirbhaya” (In Hindi, it means "the fearless one") was a 23-year-old physiotherapy student. On December 16, 2012, she was raped on a bus in Delhi, India. Because rape laws in India do not permit using a victim's name she was known only as "Nirbhaya". It is one of the many names the Indian media had given her. In 2013, “Nirbhaya” received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State, posthumously.
“Nirbhaya” was born into a working-class family. Her dream was to be a doctor. Her family spent their life savings so “Nirbhaya” could study medicine. She had just graduated from a physiotherapy program.

On December 16, 2012, “Nirbhaya” was attacked on a bus. On the bus she and her male friend were beaten by six men. She was dragged to the back of the bus and repeatedly gang raped for over an hour. The bus driver drove all over Delhi while this was happening. She and her friend were left for dead at the side of the road. Police found them but no ambulance would come. Police took her to the hospital. She was taken into surgery.

The government of India, including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, decided to move her to a Singapore hospital. Nirbhaya was in critical condition and on a ventilator. Doctors said there was no medical reason to move her. She was airlifted to Mt. Elizabeth Hospital in Singapore.

Two weeks after the attack, on December 29, 2012, she died. Before she died, she made two police statements in the hospital. She said she wanted justice against the six attackers.

“Nirbhaya”'s case started demonstrations and protests in India. It also started changes in the laws about violence against women. The five men and the bus driver were identified and arrested. They were charged with kidnapping, rape and murder.

One of the men arrested committed suicide in prison. One, who was a teenager at the time, was given three years in a reformatory. That was the maximum allowed for a juvenile in India. The remaining four were given the death penalty. It was Nirbhaya's dying wish the men be “burned alive”. Her parents, who had been demanding they hang, said they were satisfied by the sentences. In 2013, a year after her rape, there was a large increase in the number of persons arrested for rape. But the number of rapes had also risen sharply.



Feature phone

A feature phone or a dumbphone is a type of mobile phone. The name "feature phone" usually means the phone cannot do things that a smartphone can do. Feature phones basically allow people to make phone calls and sent text messages, while a few may also be able to play multimedia and access the internet and other services offered by the user's wireless service provider.

Modern feature phones can have smartphone-like 3G connectivity, touchscreens, and access to popular social networking services. However, these phones do not support software made by other companies as much as smartphones—because of this, feature phones are also called dumb phones.

People often buy feature phones as they are cheaper than smartphones, especially in emerging markets. In the past few years, however, phone makers have begun to make and sell cheap smartphones for sale in places where high-end smartphones are not popular.
As a result, as of 2015, feature phones are now considered very low quality products.

Production vehicle

The features of a production vehicle or production car are mass-produced identical models, offered for sale to the public. They must also be able to be legally driven on public roads ("street legal"). Legislation and other rules further define the production vehicle within particular countries or uses. There is no single worldwide definition of the term.

The term "production car" had come into use by about 1917 in the United States. The phrase was a shortened form of "mass-produced car". The phrase also meant the car was made in production, as opposed to a prototype.
At that time production cars meant cheaper vehicles such as Ford's Model T. These were made in relatively large numbers on production lines. The more expensive cars were coach built models the first model t every built is owned by trenton and robert gilman in long creek il at 6020 E Fitzgerald rd long creek il and their phone number is 217-775-9270 they are actively restoring it along with a 1969 chevy camaro they paid 20,000 for (see "Limited production" below). Now the term has broadened to include vehicles that are hand assembled or assembled on an assembly line. The main criteria is there are a number of the same model with the same specifications.

There is no fixed definition of the number of vehicles or the amount of modification allowed outside of motorsports. There are no national regulations or laws that determine what is or is not a production vehicle. By 2011, the "Guinness Book of Records" listed the Bugatti Veyron as the world's fastest production car. But only five of this version were made. In 2013 their decision was appealed on the ground that the Bugatti was a modified versionGuinness upheld the appeal and initiated a review of their production car definition. The outcome of the review was that the Bugatti record was reinstated. Guinness were also reported in some sources as saying that at least 50 identical vehicles were needed to be made to constitute a production car. In February 2014, "Road and Track" wrote that Guinness required 30 identical vehicles.

There have been many disputes over what makes production and modified cars when used in motorsports. Even under Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), the exact definition of what was (or was not) a production car was unclear. This led to rules written in 1955. The term is defined for particular types of vehicles. It also means that a certain number of a model must be produced in order to qualify as "production". But it is another matter to enforce the rules. For example, the 1968 FIA rules state that "production" for sports cars need to have at least 25 identical cars produced within a 12-month period. They also were meant for normal sale to individual purchasers. However, FIA rules tend to allow a degree of modification from the original.

The FIA Land Speed Records Commission has regulations for series-production cars attempting land speed records under its "2014 Appendix D - Regulations for Land Speed Record Attempts". Series-production cars fall under rule D2.3.2. It says that they must be: Category B: Series-production Automobiles in production at the time of the application for the Record Attempt and either homologated by the FIA, or for which an application for homologation has been made to the FIA or recognised by the ASN of the country in which they are manufactured for National Records.
Several countries have laws that define production vehicles. For example, in the United States Briggs Cunningham's business was classified as a hobby by tax officials. This was because he did not manufacture enough of each model for the Cunningham automobile to be considered a production vehicle. The IRS classified them as high-performance prototype automobiles built as racecars. Legislative definitions tend to revolve around issues of safety or revenue (taxation).

Some car tuning specialists such as Alpina who modify BMW's, are recognized as vehicle manufacturers by some governments. This brings them within the definition of a production vehicle in their country. Not all performance specialists are officially recognised. As a result their cars are not usually referred to as production vehicles.

These are usually vehicles where the production run is restricted to a specific number of vehicles. An example of this is the 1957 Rambler Rebel, a limited-production car where only 1,500 were produced.


GM Lambda platform

GM Lambda platform is a car platform designed and used by General Motors. It is a full-size crossover platform. Lambda is based on the earlier GM Epsilon platform. The Lambda platform replaces GM's U minivan platform and the GMT360 SUV platform. This is used for the Chevrolet Malibu sedan and other similar models. The Lambda architecture is used by the Chevrolet Traverse, Buick Enclave, Saturn Outlook and GMC Acadia.

The Buick Enclave concept car was previewed at the 2006 North American International Auto Show. The Saturn Outlook was shown at the 2006 New York Auto Show. The 2007 Outlook and GMC Acadia went into production in late 2006. This was followed by the 2008 Enclave in mid-2007, and the 2009 Chevrolet Traverse in mid-2008.

Lambda vehicles feature easily accessible three-row seating. They were supplied with the LY7 3.6-liter V6. Starting with the 2009 model year all Lambda vehicles have GM LLT 3.6-liter gasoline direct injection engine for improved fuel efficiency, horsepower and torque. It is unlikely GM will offer a V8 engine for Lambda. The platform has been designed for front and all-wheel drive applications. Lambda is expected to be replaced by the new GM C1XX platform.

The lambda-based GM vehicles are now considered America's most American vehicle. Frank DuBois, of the Washington, DC-based American University created a new model for finding out which cars have the highest percentage of American-made parts and labor. His index shows the GM Lambda platform CUVs are the most "American made."

<br>

Perdiendo el norte

"
Perdiendo el norte is a 2015 Spanish comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Nacho G. Velilla, and starred by Yon González, Julián López and Blanca Suárez.

Hugo and Braulio are two young students with their respective degrees, but they're unable to find any job or future due to economic crisis in Spain.

After seeing a TV-program about how a Spanish citizen is living in Germany they decide to move to Berlin. However, the things did not turn out as they had believed.



Casanovas

Casanovas is a dansband in Vadstena, Sweden. The band was started in 1989. In 1998 the band won the Svenska dansbandsmästerskapen contest.



Donnez

Donnez is a dansband in Perstorp, Sweden. The band was started in the year 2000. In 2010 the band participated at Dansbandskampen.


Chang Ch'ung-ho

Chang Ch'ung-ho or Zhang Chonghe (; May 17, 1914 – June 17, 2015), also known by her married name Ch'ung-ho Chang Frankel, was a Chinese-American poet, calligrapher, educator and Kunqu opera singer. She was called as "the last talented woman of the Republic of China" ().

On June 17, 2015, Chang Ch'ung-ho died in New Haven, Connecticut, aged 101.


William Devane

William Joseph Devane (born September 5, 1939) is an American movie, television and theater actor. He is best known for his roles as Greg Sumner on the primetime soap opera "Knots Landing" (1983–1993) and as John F. Kennedy in "The Missiles of October" (1974).

Country rock

Country rock is a subgenre of country music. It was formed by the wave of rock musicians who began to record country-flavored records in the late 1960s and early 1970s. These musicians recorded rock records using country themes. They used vocal styles and additional instrumentation, in particular pedal steel guitar. Country rock began with Bob Dylan. It reached its greatest popularity in the 1970s with artists like Emmylou Harris, the Eagles and The Doobie Brothers. Country rock also influenced artists in other genres. This included The Band, Grateful Dead, Creedence Clearwater Revival, The Rolling Stones, and George Harrison's solo work. It also played a part in the development of Southern rock.

Pierre Aubert

Pierre Aubert (3 March 1927 – 8 June 2016) was a Swiss politician, lawyer and former member of the Swiss Federal Council (1978–1987). He was elected to the Swiss Federal Council on 7 December 1977 as member of the Social Democratic Party from the canton of Neuchâtel. He handed over office on 31 December 1987. He was born in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Canton of Neuchâtel.

Aubert died on 8 June 2016 in Neuchâtel, Switzerland at the age of 89.

Archivist of the United States

The Archivist of the United States is the chief official in charge of the National Archives and Records Administration. The first Archivist, R.D.W. Connor, began serving in 1934, when the National Archives was established as an independent federal agency by Congress.

The Archivist is appointed by the President and is responsible for safeguarding and making available for study all the permanently valuable records of the federal government, including the original Declaration of Independence, Constitution and Bill of Rights, which are displayed in the Archives' main building in Washington, D.C.

The following is a list of Archivists of the United States

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Served first as Acting Archivist of the United States from Nov. 7, 1965, until his appointment as Archivist of the United States on January 16, 1966.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Served first as Acting Archivist of the United States from March 10, 1968, until his appointment as Archivist of the United States on May 2, 1968.


Jack Aeby

Jack W. Aeby (; August 16, 1923 – June 19, 2015) was an American environmental physicist and photographer. He is known for having taken the only well-exposed color photograph of the first detonation of a nuclear weapon on July 16, 1945 at the Trinity nuclear test site in New Mexico. 


William Brantley Aycock

William Brantley Aycock (October 24, 1915 – June 20, 2015) was an American educator. He served as chancellor of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 1957 until 1964 and is the retired Kenan Professor of Law at the UNC School of Law. He was born in Lucama, North Carolina in 1915.

Esther Brand

Esther Cornelia Brand (née van Heerden; 29 September 1922 – 20 June 2015) was a South African athlete. She was born in Springbok, Northern Cape. She competed in the high jump and won the gold medal for South Africa at the 1952 Summer Olympics held in Helsinki, Finland. 

Brand died after a fall at the age of 92.

Gunther Schuller

Gunther Schuller (November 22, 1925June 21, 2015) was an American composer, conductor, horn player, author, historian, and jazz musician. He was born in New York City.

Schuller died on June 21, 2015 in Boston, Massachusetts from leukemia, aged 89. 


Anne Nicol Gaylor

Anne Nicol Gaylor (November 25, 1926 – June 14, 2015) was an American atheist and reproductive rights advocate. She co-founded the Freedom from Religion Foundation and an abortion fund for Wisconsin women. She wrote the book "Abortion Is a Blessing " and edited "The World Famous Atheist Cookbook."

Chile women's national football team

Chile women's national football team () represents Chile on the women's side in association football. It is controlled by ANFP and its member of CONMEBOL. Additionally, the team has qualified for FIFA Women's World Cup in 2019.


Golden Sun: The Lost Age

The game was given positive reviews:

IGN rated the game a 9 out of 10. Craig Harris of IGN said that they liked the more complicated puzzles that were added even though most of the mechanics in the game did not change. IGN named "The Lost Age" as their "Game of the Month" in April 2003. IGN ranked the game at #78 on their Readers Choice Top 100 games ever in 2006.

"The Lost Age" was also ranked at the 69th best game made on a Nintendo System by "Nintendo Power" in their "Top 200 Games" list.

Division of Northern Territory

The Division of Northern Territory was an Australian Electoral Division in the Northern Territory from 1922 until 2001. During this time it was the only Division in the Territory.

The Division was set up in 1922, as a part of the "Northern Territory Representation Act 1922". The Member for Northern Territory did not have full voting rights until 1968, and did not count for the purpose of forming government. Before 1936, the Member could speak in the House and take part in committee work, but could not vote. Between 1936 and 1959 the Member had limited voting on Territory laws. Between 1959 and 1968, the Member could only vote on laws that affected the Territory.

In December 2000, the Division was split into two new divisions, the Division of Solomon, which covered the area immediately around Darwin, and the Division of Lingiari, which covered the rest of the territory.

On 19 February 2003, the new Divisions were removed and a single Division was brought back. On 28 April 2004 the "Commonwealth Electoral Amendment (Representation in the House of Representatives) Act 2004" had the effect of leaving the Northern Territory divided into two Divisions.

Alexander Schalck-Golodkowski

Alexander Schalck-Golodkowski (July 3, 1932 – June 21, 2015) was a East German politician and trader. He was born in Berlin. He was director of a main department ('Hauptverwaltungsleiter') in the Ministry for Foreign Trade and German Domestic Trade (1956–62), the Deputy Minister for External Trade (1967–75), and head of the GDR's "Kommerzielle Koordinierung" (KoKo, 1966–86). He was also a Stasi colonel.


Heinrich Rau

Heinrich Gottlob "Heiner" Rau (2 April 1899 – 23 March 1961) was a German communist politician during the time of the Weimar Republic. He was a leading member of the International Brigades, a member of the Landtag of Prussia (1928-1933) and after World War II an East German statesman. He was the chairman of the German Economic Commission, the precursor to the East German government.

Võ Nguyên Giáp

Võ Nguyên Giáp (25 August 1911 – 4 October 2013) was a general in the Vietnam People's Army and a politician. He fought during World War II, where he served as the military leader of the Viet Minh resistance against the Japanese occupation of Vietnam. 

Giap was a principal commander in two wars: the First Indochina War (1946–54) and the Vietnam War (1960–75). He fought in the following historically significant battles: Lạng Sơn (1950), Hòa Bình (1951–52), Điện Biên Phủ (1954), the Tết Offensive (1968), the Easter Offensive (1972), and the final Ho Chi Minh Campaign (1975).

Võ Nguyên Giáp was also a teacher and a journalist, an interior minister in President Hồ Chí Minh's Việt Minh government, the military commander of the Viet Minh, the commander of the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN), and defense minister. He also served as a member of the Politburo of the Vietnam Workers' Party, which in 1976 became the Communist Party of Vietnam.

On 4 October 2013 Võ Nguyên Giáp died in Hanoi at the age of 102. He was given a state funeral on 12 and 13 October 2013 and his body lay in state at the national morgue in Hanoi until his burial at the Vũng Chùa - Đảo Yến in his home province of Quảng Bình.

On 8 February 2015, Nhat Tan - Noi Bai freeway renamed to Vo Nguyen Giap street in Dong Anh and Soc Son, Hanoi

On 9 March 2021, Ho Chi Minh City named Vo Nguyen Giap street in Thu Duc city


Duma

A duma is a Russian assembly.

Duma may also mean:


Lucie Aubrac

Lucie Samuel (29 June 1912 – 14 March 2007), born Lucie Bernard, and better known as Lucie Aubrac, was a French history teacher. She was a member of the French Resistance during World War II.

Aubrac died in Issy-les-Moulineaux, near Paris, on 14 March 2007, aged 94. She was survived by her three children and her husband, Raymond Aubrac.


Raymond Aubrac

Raymond Aubrac (31 July 1914 – 10 April 2012) was a French engineer and leader. He was the leader of the French Resistance during the Second World War and a civil engineer after the Second World War.


Laura Antonelli

Laura Antonelli (28 November 1941 – 22 June 2015) was an Italian movie and television actress. She appeared in 45 movies between 1965 and 1991. Her most movies were "Malicious", "Till Marriage Do Us Part", and "The Innocent".

Antonelli died on 22 June 2015 in Rome from a heart attack, aged 73.


Kristine Lilly

Kristine Marie Lilly Heavey (born July 22, 1971), née Kristine Marie Lilly, is a retired American soccer player. She last played professionally for Boston Breakers in Women's Professional Soccer (WPS). She was a member of the United States women's national soccer team for 24 years. Lilly has won two World Cup Championships. She is twice an Olympic gold medalist (1996 and 2004) and won an Olympic silver medal (2000). Lilly is the most capped soccer player in the history of the sport. No other women's or men's player has done this. She gained her 352nd and final cap against Mexico in a World Cup qualifier in November 2010. Lilly scored 130 goals for the United States women's national team. This placed her behind Mia Hamm's 158 goals and Abby Wambach's ongoing tally of 182. On Feb. 14, 2015, Kristine Lilly was inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame.

<br>

Petit Ballon

Le Petit Ballon ("The Little Balloon") is one of the highest peaks of the Vosges Mountains in Haut-Rhin, Alsace, France. Its height is above sea level.

Posadas, Misiones

Posadas is the capital city of the Misiones Province in Argentina. In 2012, about 344,833 people lived in the city area.


Banu Sulaym

The Banu Sulaym () was a group of Nomadic Arabs. In the 11th century they migrated from Upper Egypt into what is now Tunisia and eastern Algeria. They defeated the Berbers. 

Oral tradition says that the tribe would have left Arabia to go to Egypt. According to their legend they rebelled against the Caliph of Baghdad in the second half of the 10th century. In 1049, when the Zirid ruler of Tunisia rebelled against Egypt, nomads were sent to punish them. Ibn Khaldun, an early Tunisian historian, said they were like "a cloud of locusts" when they invaded Tunisia. The Arab poets told of their many conquests as they moved west. They were defeated in a series of battles during the 12th century by the Moroccan dynasty. Even though it was an oral history, they were a real tribe. They did come from the Arabian Peninsula. They did control much of North Africa for over a century. They were mostly installed in the south of Tunisia and Libya as well as a minority in the south of Algeria and the Moroccan plains.



Maqil

The Maqil () were an Arabian nomadic tribe. In the 11th century they migrated from Yemen into what is now the Sahara Desert and Morocco. They mainly settled near forests and oases.

Despite their originally small number (less than 200), they were later involved in fighting a dynasty of Sunni Muslims. They also brought change to the culture of these regions, and a new language.

They descend from son of , father of the Hebrews and coming from the line of Seth, son of Adam.

The exact origin of the Maqil tribe is unknown. They claimed for themselves a prestigious Banu Hashim descent from Jaafar ibn Abi Talib, son of Abu Talib and brother of Ali ibn Abi Talib. Arabian genealogists categorized them as Hilalians. Ibn Khaldun wrote that both of these versions are false, since the Banu Hashim lived in urban cities and were not nomadic nor ever wandered in desert wolds. He added that the Maqil is a name only found in Yemen.
Ibn Khaldun speculated that they were likely an Arab nomadic group from Yemen, and this is supported by bn al-Kalbi and Ibn Said.


Henry Morton Stanley

Sir Henry Morton Stanley GCB (born John Rowlands; 28 January 1841 – 10 May 1904) was a Welsh journalist and explorer. He was famous for his exploration of central Africa, and his search for missionary and explorer David Livingstone.

When he found Livingstone, Stanley reportedly asked, "Dr. Livingstone, I presume?" Stanley is also known for his search for the source of the Nile, his work in the Congo Basin, and for commanding the Emin Pasha Relief Expedition.

Stanley's expeditions are known for the cruelty and murders of Africans. He has the highest kill rate among Africa's explorers. Despite this, he was highly admired and supported by British and Belgian monarchies and knighted in 1899.

Stanley was MP for Lambeth North from 1895-1900.

Stanley never knew his father, and was abandoned by his mother after birth. His birth certificate describes him as John Rowlands, a bastard. The stigma of illegitimacy weighed heavily upon him all his life.

In New Orleans he renamed himself as Henry Morgan Stanley, joined the Confederate States Army and was captured. He joined the Union Army and later the Union Navy.

In 1869, Stanley was instructed by the "New York Herald" to find the Scottish missionary and explorer David Livingstone, who was known to be in Africa but had not been heard from for some time. According to Stanley's account, he asked how much he could spend. The reply was "Draw £1,000 now, and when you have gone through that, draw another £1,000, and when that is spent, draw another £1,000, and when you have finished that, draw another £1,000, and so on — BUT FIND LIVINGSTONE!" Stanley had lobbied his employer for several years to mount this expedition.

Stanley found Livingstone on 10 November 1871, in Ujiji near Lake Tanganyika in present-day Tanzania. He may have greeted him with the now-famous line, "" It may also have been a fabrication, as Stanley tore out of his diary the pages relating to the encounter.

In 1874, the "New York Herald," in partnership with Britain's "Daily Telegraph," financed Stanley on another expedition to the African continent. One of his missions was to solve a last great mystery of Africa by tracing the course of the Congo River to the sea. The difficulty of this expedition is hard to overstate. Stanley used sectional boats to pass the great cataracts that separated the Congo into distinct tracts. The boats had to be taken apart and transported around the rapids before being rebuilt to travel on the next section of river. After 999 days, on 9 August 1877, Stanley reached the Portuguese outpost of Boma, around 100 km from the mouth of the Congo River. Starting with 356 people, he reached Boma with 114 survivors, and he was the only European left. He wrote about his trials in his book "Through the Dark Continent".

Stanley was approached by King Leopold II of the Belgians, the ambitious Belgian monarch. In 1876 the king organized a private holding company disguised as an international scientific and philanthropic (goodwill) association. He called it the "International African Association".

The King spoke of his intentions to introduce Western civilization and bring religion to that part of Africa. He did not mention he wanted to claim the lands. At the end of his life, the King was embittered that his establishment of a Congo Free State was spoilt by its unscrupulous government. Also, the spread of sleeping sickness across central Africa may have been caused by the movements of Stanley's enormous baggage train, and the Emin Pasha relief expedition.

In 1886, Stanley led the Emin Pasha Relief Expedition to "rescue" Emin Pasha, the governor of Equatoria in the southern Sudan. King Leopold II demanded that Stanley take the longer route, via the Congo River. He hoped to get more territory. After immense hardships and great loss of life, Stanley met Emin in 1888, charted the Ruwenzori Range and Lake Edward, and emerged from the interior with Emin and his surviving followers at the end of 1890.

This expedition tarnished Stanley's name because of the conduct of the other Europeans: British gentlemen and army officers. An army major was shot by a carrier, after he behaved with extreme cruelty. James Sligo Jameson, heir to Jameson's, an Irish whiskey manufacturer, bought an 11-year-old girl and offered her to cannibals to document and sketch how she was cooked and eaten. Stanley found out only when Jameson had died of fever.

Azerbaijani carpet

Azerbaijani rugs () are carpets made in Azerbaijan, an ancient center of carpet weaving. The Azerbaijani carpet is a traditional handmade textile of many sizes, with dense texture and a smooth or rough surface, whose patterns are characteristic of Azerbaijan's many carpet-making regions. Traditionally, since ancient times the carpets were used in Azerbaijan to cover floors, decorate interior walls, sofas, chairs, beds and tables. 

Carpet making is a family tradition transferred orally and through practice, with carpet making and rug making being almost women's job. In the past every young girl had to learn the art of weaving carpets, and the carpets she wove became a part of her dowry. In the case of a newly married son, it was his mother who wove a large rug for his new household. Starting a new carpet meant a feast, but the completion of a rug meant an even greater celebration for the family. In the old days finished carpets were laid out in front of the house so that passers-by with the weight of their feet could make them even tighter than they had already been knotted. For the traditional process of carpet and rug making, men removed the wool from the sheep in the spring and autumn, while women collected dyestuffs and spin and dye yarn in the spring, summer and autumn. Azerbaijani carpets are divided into four large regional groups: Quba-Shirvan, Ganja-Kazakh, Karabakh, and Baku. 

In November 2010 the Azerbaijani carpet was made a "Masterpiece of Oral and Intangible Heritage" by UNESCO.

The rugs have unique patterns with characteristics of Azerbaijan's carpet-making regions. These carpets are used to cover floors, decorate interior walls, sofas, chairs, beds and tables.

Carpet making is a Azeri family tradition, carpet making and rug making is solely a women's occupation. In the past, every young girl had to learn the art of weaving carpets. If a son of a family is newly married, it was his mother who wove a large rug for his new household. Traditionally, men sheared the sheep in the spring and autumn, while women dyed the yarn in the spring, summer and autumn.


Elgin Baylor

Elgin Gay Baylor (September 16, 1934 – March 22, 2021) was an American basketball player, coach, and executive. He played 13 seasons as a forward in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Baylor played for the Minneapolis / Los Angeles Lakers, appearing in eight NBA Finals. Baylor was a gifted shooter, strong rebounder, and an accomplished passer. Baylor was famous for his acrobatic moves on the court. He regularly dazzled Lakers fans with his trademark hanging jump shots. Baylor was the No. 1 draft pick in 1958. He was NBA Rookie of the Year in 1959. Baylor was named an NBA All-Star 11 times. He is regarded as one of the game's all-time greatest players. In 1977, Baylor was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.

Baylor was born September 16, 1934 in Washington, DC. He attended high school at Washington, D.C.'s Springarn High. He was an All-American at Seattle University. In 1958 he led his team to the NCAA finals.

In 1958 he was the number 1 pick in the NBA draft by the Minneapolis Lakers. The Lakers were struggling and on the verge of bankruptcy. Baylor was just what they needed and he led the team to the 1959 NBA Finals. On November 15, 1960 Baylor set a then NBA record. He scored 71 points and 25 rebounds in one game. This was while he was still on active duty with the United States Army. He could only play with the Lakers on weekends.
Baylor was 6-5 and weighed 225 pounds. He was strong and graceful on the court. During his 14-year career with the Minneapolis and Los Angeles Lakers Baylor averaged 27.4 points a game. He held an average of 13.5 rebounds per game. He averaged 27 points a game in 134 appearances in playoff games. Early in the 1970-71 season Baylor suffered a severe knee injury. He didn't return until the 1971-72 season playing only nine games before he retired. He was 37 years old.

Baylor spent 22 years as general manager of the Los Angeles Clippers. He won the NBA Executive of the Year Award in 2006. He was relieved of his duties shortly before the 2008–09 season began.

Baylor died on March 22, 2021, at age 86 of natural causes in Los Angeles.


Hugh O'Brian

Hugh O'Brian (born Hugh Charles Krampe; April 19, 1925—September 5, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his starring role in the 1955-1961 ABC western television series, "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp".

O'Brian died at his home in Beverly Hills, California on September 5, 2016 at the age of 91.


Chris Woodhead

Sir Christopher Anthony Woodhead (20 October 1946 – 23 June 2015) was a British educator. He was head of Ofsted, the Office for Standards in Education, Children's Services and Skills, from 1994 to 2000. Ofsted is a non-ministerial department of the UK government. The head of Ofsted is also Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Schools in England, which is a crown appointment.

Woodhead graduated in English at the University of Bristol, where he also took a PGCE. He obtained a Master of Arts in English from Keele University in 1974.

In 1976, he left teaching, allegedly as the result of an affair with a sixth-form pupil, something he always denied. Later, he moved into teacher education.

Woodhead was one of the most controversial figures in debates on the direction of English education policy. Woodhead advocated "traditional teaching methods". He took a scornful view of "progressive educational theories" introduced into English schools from the 1960s onwards.

He was Chairman of Cognita, a company dedicated to fostering private education, from 2004 to 2013.

Woodhead died after a nine-year battle with motor neurone disease, aged 68.



Magali Noël

Magali Noëlle Guiffray (27 June 1930 – 23 June 2015), better known as Magali Noël, was a French actress and singer. She was known for her song "Fais-moi mal, Johnny" ("Hurt me Johnny"). Her best known movie was "La Dolce Vita".

Noël died on 23 June 2015, aged 84.


Helmuth Lohner

Helmuth Lohner (24 April 1933 – 23 June 2015) was an Austrian actor and theatre director. From 1997 to 2006, Lohner was director of the Theater in der Josefstadt. Lohner was born in Vienna.

Lohner died on 23 June 2015 at the age of 82.

Slade Gorton

Thomas Slade Gorton III (January 8, 1928 – August 19, 2020) was an American politician. He was a U.S. senator from Washington state from 1981 to 1987, and from 1989 to 2001.

He held both of the state's Senate seats in his career and was narrowly defeated for reelection twice as an incumbent: in 1986 by Brock Adams, and in 2000 by Maria Cantwell after a recount. Gorton was twice both Senior Senator (1983–87, 1993–2001) and Junior Senator (1981–83, 1989–93).

Gorton died on August 19, 2020 in Clyde Hill, Washington from Parkinson's disease-related problems at the age of 92.


Thomas Kean

Thomas Howard "Tom" Kean, Sr. (; born April 21, 1935) is an American Republican Party politician. He served as the 48th Governor of New Jersey from 1982 to 1990.


Grefrath, Neuss

Grefrath is a district of Neuss, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. 



State University of Londrina

Universidade Estadual de Londrina (abbreviated UEL; State University of Londrina) is one of the public universities of the State of Paraná, Brazil.

UEL was created in 1970, being recognized officially by Federal Ordinance 69.234/71. In 1987 'free teaching' was implemented at the Institution, and in 1991 it gained autonomy from the State. Since the 2005 admission exam, UEL adopted an official system of quotas for black students, as well as quotas for applicants originating from public schools, in order to attend to social and minority support policies. 
It is located in the city of Londrina, second largest city in the state and fourth largest in the southern region of the country.

Students are admitted by an entrance exam, also known as vestibular exam, composed by two steps:





The Center of Humanities and Languages occupies an area of 9.079,17 m2. The department employs 180 instructors, 50 ancillary employees, and consists of the following sub-faculties: 

The Center of Sciences Biological contains 10 departments: 

The Center of Exact Sciences has 7 departments: 

The Center of Applied Social Studies has 6 departments: 

The Center of Health Sciences has 11 departments: 

The Center of Education, Communication and Arts are composed of 6 departments: 

The Center of Agrarian Sciences is composed of 5 departments: 

The Center of Technology and Urbanization is composed of 4 departments: 

The Center of Physical education and Sports are composed of 3 departments: 
Department of Sport Science
Department of Physical Education
Department of Human Movement Studies


São Gonçalo, Rio de Janeiro

São Gonçalo () is a city in the state of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Its population (as of 2009) is 1,010,212 inhabitants, and it is the second most populous city in the state after the capital, Rio de Janeiro.

Its population was 1,010,212 in 2009. The total area of the city is .
It is the second most populous city in the state after Rio de Janeiro, the capital of the state.

São Gonçalo has a tropical Atlantic climate, with rainy summers and relatively dry winters. The city has different temperatures at different times of the year. They can be up to in summer and during winter. Generally, the temperature is between the maximum of and minimum .
But for most part of the year, i.e. from May to October, the temperature is milder because the climate is drier and less hot.

São Gonçalo has a high population growth rate. 1,016,128 people live in the city, up from 960,631 in 2007. According to the 2012 census, the racial makeup of São Gonçalo includes: Whites (22.7%), Brown (54.1%), Black or African (20.2%), two or more races (3%) and Asian (0.02%). The non-Brazilian population was 3.5% (Paraguayan 2%, Bolivian 1%, Chinese 0.5%), which is a high number compared to other cities in Brazil. The same census said that São Gonçalo has a large amount of poverty. 31.5% of the population was officially living in poverty in 2012, down from 81% in 1990. People considered "Class A" were only 4.7% of the population.

The Rio de Janeiro State Teachers' Training College (FFP-UERJ) stands out in the city. It is the largest teachers' college in Rio de Janeiro state. Its students are mostly residents from Sao Goncalo, but many come from Niterói, Rio de Janeiro, Itaboraí, and cities of the Baixada Fluminense region, among others. For many years, students from this campus have asked for a bus route to the Saint Mary UERJ Maracanã.

São Gonçalo has the following hospitals: Hospital Estadual Alberto Torres; Eye Hospital Niteroi; Hospital Luiz Palmier; Hospital Adam Pereira Nunes; Barone Hospital de Medeiros; Silveira Hospital Infantil Darcy Vargas, Hospital Pads, Hospital Santa Maria.

São Gonçalo has poor garbage collection services. Garbage sometimes collects on the streets for this reason. In December 2008, waste collectors went on strike, which made the problem even worse. In January 2011, garbage collection stopped for more than a week in some parts of the city.

Zélio Fernandino de Moraes, founder of the Umbanda Branca religious sect, was born in São Gonçalo.

Cara Delevingne

Cara Delevingne (born 12 August 1992) is a British supermodel, actress and singer of Jewish descent. Delevingne was named Model of the Year in April 2015 by the British Fashion Awards.

Delevigne is in a relationship with the musician, Annie Erin Clark, better known by her stage name, St. Vincent.


Pokémon Colosseum

The concept for "Pokémon Colosseum" was influenced by RPGs like "Final Fantasy VII" and "". During an interview with Prima Games, "Pokémon" director Junichi Masuda was asked why the gameplay did not mirror that of the other games in the series. Masuda said "How players communicate with each other has been key to the "Pokémon" games – it is the backbone of all "Pokémon" game designs. I feel that the handheld systems work better than the home-based consoles. It's certainly possible to come up with concepts for home-based consoles, but we might then have to change the core of the game."

The game was first shown at E3 2003.

IGN rated the game a 7.5 out of 10. Craig Harris of IGN said that the "Pokémon" RPG's move to 3D "does a decent enough job" and is "a bit more linear and straightforward".

In 2006, "Nintendo Power" ranked the game as the 121st greatest video game to appear on a Nintendo console.

Rutland, Vermont (city)

Rutland (city), Vermont is a city in Vermont. In 2020 the population was around 15,807 residents.

Statik Selektah

Patrick Baril (born January 23, 1982), also known as Statik Selektah, is an American record producer from Boston, MA. Selektah is also a disc jockey (DJ) and radio announcer. He is also the founder of Showoff Records. 

In 2010, he began a hip hop group named 1982, with two other American rappers.






Nicola Badalucco

Nicola Badalucco (13 May 1929 – 17 June 2015) was an Italian screenwriter. He has written for 38 movie since 1969. He was nominated for an Academy Award at the 42nd Academy Awards in the category Original Screenplay for the movie "The Damned".

James Carnegie, 3rd Duke of Fife

James George Alexander Bannerman Carnegie, 3rd Duke of Fife (23 September 1929 - 22 June 2015) was a great-grandson of King Edward VII of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. 

He was the first person in the line of succession to the British throne who was not related to King George V. As a great-grandson of a British sovereign, he did not carry out royal and official duties or receive any funds from the Civil List. 

The Duke of Fife was the second cousin to Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom and Harald V of Norway. Through his maternal grandfather, he was also a descendant of William IV of the United Kingdom and Dorothea Jordan.

Shere Hite

Shere Hite (born as Shirley Diana Gregory; November 2, 1942 – September 9, 2020) was an American and a German feminist and sexologist. She was known for her research on women's orgasms. "The Hite Report: A Nationwide Study of Female Sexuality" was published in 1976. The report is Hite's most famous work. 

Hite was born in St. Joseph, Missouri. She received her masters degree in History from the University of Florida in 1967. She then moved to New York City.

In 1985 Hite married Friedrich Horicke, a German concert pianist. The couple divorced in 1999.

She moved to Germany in 1989 and became a German citizen in 1996. She isn't an American citizen anymore.

Hite died on September 9, 2020 in London from problems caused by Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease, aged 77.

The Producers (TV series)

The Producers (Hangul: 프로듀사) is a 2015 South Korean television series. It stars Kim Soo-hyun, Cha Tae-hyun, Gong Hyo-jin and IU. It was shown on KBS from May 15 to June 20, 2015.



Douglas Spalding

Douglas Alexander Spalding (1841–1877) was an English biologist. He was one of the founders of ethology (animal behaviour), but it took a long time before this was appreciated.

He was born in Islington in London in 1841, and began life as a workman. Later, when he lived near Aberdeen, he attended courses without charge. He studied philosophy and literature, but after a year he returned to London. Spalding trained to be a lawyer, but contracted tuberculosis.

He travelled in Europe in hopes of finding a cure. In Avignon he met John Stuart Mill, and through Mill he met John Russell, Viscount Amberley. Russell was the son of the former British Prime Minister Lord John Russell. Spalding became tutor to Viscount Amberley's children, including perhaps the very young Bertrand Russell. He also carried on an intermittent affair with Katharine Russell, Lord Amberley's wife. After Lord Amberley's death in 1876, Spalding returned to the continent and died there the following year.

Spalding carried out some remarkable experiments on animal behaviour, and discovered the phenomenon now known as imprinting. This was later rediscovered by Oskar Heinroth, then studied and popularised by Konrad Lorenz and Niko Tinbergen.

Instinct and imprinting were the first scientific concepts in ethology. Spalding was able to prove that the behaviour of chicks after hatching from the egg happened even when they had "no experience, practice or even information from the senses". Therefore the capacity was inherited. J.B.S. Haldane reprinted Spalding's essay "On Instinct" in 1954 to show how important it was for the history of ethology.

If we realise that birds are descendants of dinosaurs, and (say) cats are mammals, the we can understand the effects of their births. A bird comes out of the shell ready-made. After an initial feeding that's it as far as the parents are concerned. On the other hand, cats have quite a long period when the mother looks after them. They are initially almost helpless. The role of play is very much another mammalian learning device. On the other hand, birds do not learn to fly. They fly when their anatomy is developed.
This is what Spalding proved. 

List of rivers of New Hampshire

This is a list of rivers of New Hampshire, USA.


Wild grape

Wild grapes are natural, uncultivated grapes. There are many species. Most are similar to each other, and difficult to tell apart. Fox grape ("vitis labrusca"), summer grape ("vitis aestivalis"), and riverbank grape ("vitis riparia") are some common species.

Wild grapes have woody vines which can climb over thirty feet tall. They have large, three-lobed leaves with teeth on the edges. They can be found on streambanks, pond edges, roadsides, and in open woods. In woods, the vine is probably very large and has grown up with the tree.

Wild grapes use tendrils (like above-ground roots) to grab onto branches or bark of larger plants. The bark is brownish-gray and very shreddy.

Wild grape flowers are green and small. They bloom from May to July. The fruit, of course, is what grapes are known for. They grow large berries in clusters of up to twenty. Fruits become ripe from August to October. The fruit is very important for wildlife. Each berry contains two to six seeds. When animals eat the fruit, they help spread the vines by defecating seeds in new places.

Many birds nest in wild grape tangles, and many use bark from the vine to build nests.

WCSH

WCSH is the NBC television station for Southern Maine as well as Eastern and Northern New Hampshire. Its studios are in Portland. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 44 from a transmitter on Winn Mountain in Sebago, Maine. It is owned by the Gannett Company.

The station airs syndicated programs including: "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", "The Doctors", "Rachael Ray" and "Inside Edition".

WCSH is the sister station to Maine's other NBC affiliate, WLBZ in Bangor. The twin stations run much of the same programming. Syndicated programming shown only on WCSH includes "The Andy Griffith Show". WLBZ also airs separate station identifications and advertising. With the two stations essentially operating as one, they give statewide coverage not offered by any other channels in Maine.


Leo

Leo or LEO may refer to:



Chevrolet HHR

The Chevrolet HHR (for "Heritage High Roof") was a retro-styled station wagon. It was introduced by Chevrolet at the 2005 Los Angeles Auto Show as a 2006 model. It was designed by Bryan Nesbitt. The HHR shared the GM Delta platform with the Chevrolet Cobalt, Pontiac G5, Saturn Ion, and Saturn Astra. In Mexico, it was sold alongside its predecessor, the Opel-sourced Chevrolet Zafira compact MPV.

The last HHRs were assembled in May 2011. The HHR was sold in dealerships across North America until October 2011. In the compact crossover wagon/SUV class, the HHR was succeeded by the Chevrolet Trax in North America and Europe. The HHR was replaced in the U.S. by the Chevrolet Captiva Sport. This was a rebadged version of the Opel Antara. However, the Captiva Sport is only available as a fleet vehicle and is not available new to the general public.

<br>

Oleg Tymoshenko

Oleg S. Tymoshenko (Ukrainian: [ɔlɛg tɪmɔʃɛ'nkɔ]; born December 4, 1932; died December 20, 2010), was a Ukrainian choral conductor, professor, artist and academician. Tymoshenko was the honorary President of Green Cross Ukraine. He was a People's Artist of Ukraine, a member of The Lviv National Academy of Arts, and a full Cavalier of the Order of Merit. He was a member of the Ministry of Culture of Ukraine and the Ministry of Education. Tymoshenko was Rector of .

Tymoshenko was born on December 4, 1932, in Kreminna, in the Luhansk Oblast (province) of Ukraine. 

Starting in 1949, he studied at Lugansk College of Music. He graduated from there in 1953. He then studied at the Kiev Conservatory, graduating in 1960.

From 1960–1963, he worked as Director and teacher at the Nikolai Leontovich Music College in Vinnytsia.

In 1963-2004 he worked at the Kiev Conservatory. His positions there included:


In 1996, he was selected as a founding member of the National Academy of Arts of Ukraine. 

In 2000, Oleg Tymoshenko, supported by the founding president of Green Cross International (), Mikhail Gorbachev, created a national branch of Green Cross (English name Green Cross Ukraine), which he headed until 2010.

He died on December 20, 2010, in Switzerland.


Bobby Jindal 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Bobby Jindal, the Governor of Louisiana, was formally launched on June 24, 2015. It's headquarters is in New Orleans, Louisiana.

His candidacy for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 election comes after years of speculation concerning a possible candidacy following the 2012 election. Jindal is the first Indian American and third Asian American to run for President of the United States.

On November 17, 2015, Jindal officially suspended his presidential campaign, saying "this is not my time".

Jindal officially launched his campaign for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination on June 24, 2015 with an announcement via Twitter, ahead of a planned formal announcement in the New Orleans suburb of Kenner later that day.

As of late July 2015, Jindal has been polling about 1.4 % of the Republican primary electorate.



Anouk Aimée

Anouk Aimée (; born 27 April 1932) is a French movie actress. She has appeared in 70 movie since 1947. She is known for her movie role as Maddalena in "La Dolce Vita" (1960). She won a Golden Globe Award and a BAFTA Award.

She converted to Judaism when she was an adult.


Yvonne Furneaux

Yvonne Furneaux (born 11 May 1928 in Roubaix, Nord-Pas-de-Calais) is a French movie actress. She is known for her role as Emma in "La Dolce Vita".

Riccardo Garrone

Riccardo Garrone (1 January 1926 – 14 March 2016) was an Italian movie actor. He appeared in over 150 movies since 1949. He worked in comedy movies. He was known for his roles in "La Dolce Vita", "The Dinner", and in "Girl with a Suitcase".

Garrone died in Milan, Italy on 14 March 2016 from heart failure. He was aged 90.

Oskar Heinroth

Oskar Heinroth (Mainz-Kastel, 1 March 1871 – Berlin, 31 May 1945) was a German biologist who was one of the founders of ethology. Heinroth was director of the Berlin Zoo & Aquarium for over 30 years. He married twice, both times to colleagues: He was married to Magdalena (née Wiebe, 1904-1932) and, after her death, to Katharina (née Berger, 1933-1945).

His studies of behaviour in the Anatidae (ducks and geese) showed their instinctive behaviour patterns. He also rediscovered the phenomenon of imprinting, reported in the 19th century by Douglas Spalding but not followed up at the time. Heinroth showed that the behaviour of birds was characteristic of a species, as much as its anatomy.

His results were popularised by Konrad Lorenz, whose mentor he was. Lorenz regarded Heinroth as the true founder of the study of animal behaviour as a branch of zoology.


Abadia de Goiás

Abadia de Goiás is a city in the state of Goiás, Brazil. Its estimated that the population in 2010 was 6,868.


Abadia dos Dourados

Abadia dos Dourados is a Brazilian city in the state of Minas Gerais. Its estimated that the population in 2007 was 6,556 people living in a total area of 894 km².

The city is located in the region of the Alto Paranaíba, south of the Paranaíba River and west of the Emborcação Reservoir. It is in the valley of the upper reaches of the Dourados River. Neighboring cities are: Catalão (N), Monte Carmelo (E), Coromandel (S), and Douradoquara (W).


Abadiânia

Abadiânia is a city in the state of Goiás, Brazil.

Abadiânia is part of the Entorno do Distrito Federal statistical micro-region. Neighboring municipalities are:

Despite being a municipality since 1953 Abadiânia was only installed in its present site in the 1960s. The population was not happy with conditions of access and little by little they began to build their houses along the highway 18 kilometers away, where the present-day town is located.

Abaeté

Abaeté is a municipality in the north of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. It covers an area of . In 2007, the population was 22,474. Abaeté became a municipality in 1870.

Abaeté belongs to the statistical micro-region of Três Marias. It is located at an elevation of 641 meters between the São Francisco River and the Indaiá River. Neighboring municipalities are:


"Abaeté", of Tupi-Guarani origin, means strong man or brave man. It was the word by which the local natives called themselves. The first name of the settlement was Nossa Senhora das Dores do Marmelada.

Abaetetuba

The city of Abaetetuba is located in Pará State, Brazil. The population of the municipality is 141,054. Of those, 78,000 live in the city proper (IBGE figure 2010). The city is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Abaetetuba.

"Abaetetuba" comes from the Tupi language and means "group of true men", from the words "abá" ("man"), "eté" ("true") and "tyba" ("group").

Abaiara

Abaiara is a city in the south region of the state of Ceará, Brazil.

Abaiara's history goes back to the 19th century, when two farmers, José Leite da Cunha and José Júlio Sampaio, settled in the area.

Dakhla-Oued ad Dahab

The region of Dakhla-Oued ad Dahab is one of the 12 new regions of Morocco established by the territorial division of 2015. Its perimeter is the same as the former region of Oued ad Dahab (). Its capital is Dakhla.

This region lies on the disputed territory of Western Sahara.

Oued ad Dahab has 2 provinces:


Abaíra

Abaíra is a city in the state of Bahia, in Brazil. In 2004 there were 12,729 people living in the city.

Futures contract

A futures contract is an agreement between two parties. The buyer pays the seller today for the promise of the commodity at a future date. Futures contracts are traded in futures exchanges. The commodities can be things such as livestock, agriculture produce, metals, energy, and financial products. Trading futures can be profitable. But it is also complex and very risky. Instead of gaining a profit, an investor can lose the money invested. They could be required to pay more than they invested.

Margin is the amount of money investors must give to the exchange, in order for contracts to be ensured against counterparty risk. Initial margin ranges around 10% of the total value of the contract. Margin rates can be lowered for hedgers since the contracts are covered by assets.


Birgit Prinz

Birgit Prinz (born 25 October 1977 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany) is a German association football forward. She is best known for being the top scorer of the Germany women's national football team. She is considered to be one of the best German football players of all time, as she has won the FIFA World Player of the Year multiple times. She scored 136 goals for 1. FFC Frankfurt. She has won the FIFA Women's World Cup two times with Germany. She was part of the German women's Olympic team in 1996, 2000, 2004 and 2008. They won the bronze medal in 2000, 2004 and 2008.







Herzberg am Harz

Herzberg am Harz () is a town in the south of Lower Saxony, Germany.



Góra

Góra is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. The town is approximately north-west of the regional capital Wrocław. The population was 12,574 in 2006.

The settlement was first named "Góra" in an 1155 deed by Pope Adrian IV. It gave the property to a diocese of the Roman Catholic Church. The name of the town means "hill" or "mountain" in the Old Polish language. Beginning in the 14th century, the town became a centre of cloth manufacturing.

Góra became part of the Kingdom of Prussia during a war in 1742. In World War II it was occupied by the Red Army in 1945. In the Potsdam Agreement, the town fell to the Republic of Poland, and the remaining German population was thrown out. The town became a county seat again in 1946.



Wario: Master of Disguise

Wario: Master of Disguise (known as in Japan) is a 2007 platforming video game published by Nintendo and developed by Suzak. It was only released for the Nintendo DS. It is the first platformer in the "Wario" since the 2003 video game "Wario World". "Wario: Master of Disguise" was released on January 18, 2007 in Japan, March 5, 2007 in North America, May 17, 2007 in Australasia, and on June 1, 2007 in Europe.

IGN rated the game a 6 out of 10. Craig Harris of IGN said that the game had an "uncomfortably strange" story and that it played more like a third-party game rather than a first-party game.

GameSpot rated the game a 6.1 out of 10. Frank Provo of GameSpot said that the game was a passable puzzler but that it was not polished enough and that the touch screens were not that necessary.


Mesozoic marine revolution

The Mesozoic marine revolution was the great increase in sea-floor predators that ate shellfish. The term was used by Vermeij, a paleontologist who spent years investigating changes in seafloor invertebrates.

There was a notable change in sea-floor life between the Palaeozoic fauna and the modern fauna. This change occurred during the Mesozoic. In the Mesozoic era sea-floor predators evolved various new forms which fed on the abundant shellfish (brachiopods and bivalves). These predators are still abundant today: they are mostly the starfish, the gastropods, and the crabs.

Each predator has its own methods. Crabs break the shells by force. Various types of gastropods developed the ability to get into shells. The Muricidae bore through shells and consume prey. Some gastropods make holes in the shell and put in a paralysing or relaxing substance; others work on small cracks in the edge of the shell. Once they get their proboscis in, they eat the shellfish. Perhaps surprisingly, some sponges can also bore into shells. During the Mesozoic there were also a number of vertebrate predators of shellfish: the placodonts, and some ichthyosaurs and mosasaurs had flat shell-crushing teeth.

Starfish are the most common predators. The shells of brachiopods and bivalves are held together by strong muscles. What the starfish does is clamp hold of them on either side with its tube feet, and apply a steady pull. The starfish, with its muscles and hydraulic system, can pull for much longer than any bivalve muscle can withstand. Apparently, ten minutes are usually enough to open the shell a bit. Then the starfish slips its stomach inside the shell. The stomach can get through a slot as narrow as 0.1mm. The starfish then dissolves the mollusc where it lives, absorbing the nutrients. This digestion process takes much longer than opening the shell, perhaps a couple of days.

Some species swallow the shell whole, and dissolve the contents inside their stomach, then push out the shell afterwards.

The ability of starfish to eat brachipods and bivalves developed especially in the Jurassic and Cretaceous. The Mesozoic marine revolution transformed the sea-floor fauna. Weakly defended and static shellfish disappeared, and more heavily armoured or more mobile shellfish flourished.

There was a great reproductive advantage for any prey which had even the slightest defence to these predators. Many shellfish developed extra-tough shells. Some burrowed into the sand. Scallops must had had some elementary movement, which developed rapidly under selection. They became extremely common in the Mesozoic. There are some other methods used by a few scallops. "Chlamys hastata" often carry sponges on their shell. It is a kind of mutualism. The sponge makes it difficult for starfish to get their tube feet on, and camouflages "Chlamys hastata" from predators.

When scallops move off the sand they are open to new predators such as rays, which patrol just above the ocean floor. They may also be picked up by seabirds which open shells by dropping them on rock. Evidently the main advantage lies in getting away from the starfish, which are very numerous on inshore and continental shelf habitats.

Joe Corvo

Joseph Edward Corvo (born June 20, 1977) was an American professional ice hockey player. He played for the Ottawa Senators, Carolina Hurricanes, Boston Bruins, Washington Capitals and the Los Angeles Kings.

He was born in Oak Park, Illinois.

Tube feet

Tube feet are small tube-like projections on the underside (oral side) of echinoderms. They are part of the water vascular system of echinoderms.

Tube feet are used to move, feed and breathe. They are arranged in grooves along the arms. They operate through hydraulic pressure. They are used to pass food to the oral mouth at the center, and can attach to surfaces. Tube feet allow these animals to stick to the ocean floor and move slowly. A sea star that is overturned simply turns one arm over and attaches it to a solid surface, and levers itself the right way up.

Tube feet are used by starfish are used to open up bivalve shells. The shells of brachiopods and bivalves are held together by strong muscles. What the starfish does is clamp hold of them on either side with its tube feet, and apply a steady pull. The starfish, with its muscles and hydraulic system, can pull for much longer than any bivalve muscle can withstand. Apparently, ten minutes are usually enough to open the shell a bit. Then the starfish slips its stomach inside the shell. The stomach can get through a slot as narrow as 0.1mm. The starfish then dissolves the mollusc where it lives, absorbing the nutrients. This digestion process takes much longer than opening the shell, perhaps a couple of days.

Pincer

Pincers are a hand tool used in many situations where a mechanical advantage is required. They are used to pinch, cut or pull an object. Pincers are first-class levers. Pincers differ from pliers in that the concentration of force is either to a point, or to an edge at a right angle to the handle of the tool. This allows pincers to be brought close to a surface. This is often helpful when removing nails from wood. Pincers are often called end-nippers or end-cutters. Carpenter's pincers are very well suited to these tasks. Pincers are primarily used for removing objects out of a material. 

Pincers, often red-hot, have been used as an instrument of torture since the middle ages or earlier.

Pliers are a similar tool with a different type of head used for squeezing, rather than cutting and pulling.

<br>

Hermann von Eichhorn

Hermann Emil Gottfried von Eichhorn (February 13, 1848 – July 30, 1918) was a Prussian officer, later Field Marshal during World War I.

Eichhorn was born in Breslau in the Kingdom of Prussia in 1848. His first time he fought during the Austro-Prussian War. Eichhorn received the Pour le Mérite on August 18, 1915.

On July 30, 1918 he died by assassination in Kiev. He is buried in Berlin.


Mario Biaggi

Mario Biaggi (October 26, 1917 – June 24, 2015) was an American politician. He was born in East Harlem, Manhattan, New York City. He served as a U.S. Representative from New York (served from 1969 to 1988) and former New York City police officer. He was elected as a Democrat from The Bronx in New York City. In 1987 and 1988, he was convicted in two separate corruption trials, and he resigned from Congress in 1988. His granddaughter is politician Alessandra Biaggi.

Biaggi died at his home in New York City on June 24, 2015, at the age of 97.

Cristiano Araújo

Cristiano Melo Araújo (January 24, 1986 – June 24, 2015) was a Brazilian singer and songwriter. Araújo was famous for the singles "Efeitos" (2011), "Você mudou" (2012), "Maus bocados"(2013), "Cê que sabe" (2014) and "É com ela que eu estou" (2014)

Araújo and his girlfriend, Allana Moares, 19, died early on 24 June 2015 in a car accident on the BR-153 at km 614, between Morrinhos and Pontalina in Goiás.

Walter Browne

Walter Shawn Browne (10 January 1949 – 24 June 2015) was an American chess Grandmaster and poker player. Browne won the U.S. Chess Championship six times. He was born to an American father and Australian mother in Sydney. He moved to New York at age three.

Browne died in Las Vegas, Nevada after playing at a championship game there. He was 66 years old.


Thé Lau

Matheus J. "Thé" Lau (17 July 1952 – 23 June 2015) was a Dutch musician and writer. Besides his solo career, he was the lead singer of the Dutch band "The Scene". He was born in Bergen, North Holland.

Lau was diagnosed with lung cancer in August 2013. He was told he could not be cured in April 2014. He died on 23 June 2015 in Amsterdam, aged 62.

Korean calendar

The old Korean calendar tells the phases of the moon and the day in the solar year, like other older calendars of other East Asian countries. Dates are calculated from Chinese calendar. Important dates are based in Korean culture.

The Gregorian calendar officially began to be used in 1896. The dates of older important Korean events are still based on the old calendar. The most important date in Korea today is Seollal, the first day of the Korean calendar's New Year. Other important events include Daeboreum (the first full moon phase, also referred to as "Boreumdaal"), Dano (spring) and Chuseok (autumn), and Samjinnal (beginning of spring). Other minor events based on the old Korean calendar include Yudu (summer), and Chilseok (monsoon season).

The old Korean calendar comes from the old Chinese calendar. The Korean calendar said what its years were by using Korean era names from 270 to 963. Then Chinese era names with Korean era names were used a few times until 1894. In 1894-1895, The calendar based on the moon was used with years numbered from the beginning of the Joseon Dynasty in 1392.

The Gregorian calendar began to be used on 1 January 1896, with Korean era name "Geonyang (건양 / 建陽, "adopting solar calendar")."
From 1945 to 1961 in South Korea, Gregorian calendar years were counted from the start of Gojoseon in 2333 BC (regarded as year one). These Dangi (단기 / 檀紀) years were 4278 to 4294. This numbering was often used unofficially with the Korean lunar calendar before 1945. It has only sometimes been used after 1961, mostly in North Korea before 1997.

In North Korea, the Juche calendar has been used since 1997 to number its years, based on the birth of Kim Il Sung.


Marva Collins

Marva Collins (August 31, 1936 – June 25, 2015) was an American teacher. In 1975 she started Westside Preparatory School in Garfield Park, a poor neighborhood of Chicago. She ran the school for more than 30 years until it closed in 2008.

She was known for applying classical education, in particular the Socratic method, modified for use in primary schools, successfully with students from poor families. 

She wrote some manuals, books and other materials describing her history and methods. She was most widely publicized in the 1981 biographical TV movie, "The Marva Collins Story", starring Cicely Tyson and Morgan Freeman.

Collins was born in Monroeville, Alabama. She graduated from Clark College (now known as Clark Atlanta University) in Atlanta, Georgia. 

Collins taught school for two years in Alabama, then moved to Chicago, where she taught in public schools for fourteen years. In 1975 she started Westside Preparatory School. It became an educational and commercial success. In 1996 she began supervising three Chicago public schools that had been placed on probation. In 2004 she received a National Humanities Medal, among many awards for her teaching and efforts at school reform. 

Collins started her low-cost private school in the building where she lived. She used her teacher's pension to pay for her first costs. The school was specifically for teaching low-income African American children. .


In 1981, Collins received the Award for Greatest Public Service Benefiting the Disadvantaged, an award given out annually by Jefferson Awards.

"The School that Cared: A Story of the Marva Collins Preparatory School of Cincinnati", by P. Kamara Sekou Collins

K.C. Undercover

K.C. Undercover is an American sitcom developed for Disney Channel, created by Corinne Marshall and executive produced by Shawn Levy. The series stars Zendaya as K.C. Cooper, a high school student training to follow in her parents' footsteps as an undercover spy. The series was released on January 1, 2015 with a sneak peek, followed by the television premiere on January 18, 2015.

On August 9, 2017, Zendaya announced the series was cancelled and would end production after its third season.

The series follows K.C. as she trains to be an undercover spy to follow in her parents' footsteps. Each episode centers on the family as they contend with everyday familial issues - while also performing missions to save the country.



Unlike the other shows that air on Disney channel (as well as the cartoons), the show is rated TV-Y7-FV, like the Marvel shows and "Star Wars Rebels".

Harvey Pollack

Herbert Harvey Pollack (March 9, 1922 – June 23, 2015) was an American NBA official. He was director of statistical information for the Philadelphia 76ers. At the time of his death, Pollack was the only individual still working for the NBA since its inaugural 1946-47 season. 

Kája Saudek

Kája Saudek (born Karel Saudek, 13 May 1935 – 26 June 2015) was a Czech comics illustrator. He was one of the most important figures of the Czech comics. His career began in the late 1960s. He was the twin brother of the photographer and painter Jan Saudek.


Hawkwind

Hawkwind are an English rock band. They are one of the earliest space rock groups. Their write and sing about science fiction themes. They formed in November 1969. Hawkwind have changed many times during their history and have played many styles of music. Dozens of musicians, dancers, and writers have worked with the group since they began.

Hawkwind have been named as an influence by artists such as the rock band Monster Magnet, the Sex Pistols (who covered their 1972 song, "Silver Machine"), Henry Rollins of Black Flag, the guitarist Ty Segall, and the English rock band, Ozric Tentacles.


List of diplomatic missions in Azerbaijan

This is a list of diplomatic missions in Azerbaijan. At present, the capital city of Baku hosts 61 embassies.


Ganja
<br>
Nakhchivan City




List of diplomatic missions of Azerbaijan

This is a list of diplomatic missions of Azerbaijan.









Marisela Morales Ibañez

Marisela Morales Ibáñez is a Mexican lawyer. She was Attorney General of Mexico. In 2011 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.

Morales was born in Mexico City. She got a degree in law from the National Autonomous University of Mexico. She finished a master's degree in criminal science from the National Institute of Criminal Sciences. 

After Morales finished school, she was the Assistant Attorney General for Specialized Investigation of Organized Crime. On March 31, 2011, President Felipe Calderón named Morales as the Attorney General of Mexico.



Khuian Sarwar

Khuian Sarwar is a village in Fazilka district of Punjab, India.

Southport F.C.

Southport F. C. is an English football club from Sauthport, Merseyside. Southport F. C was founded in 1881. Nowdays, the football club appear in Conference National. In the 2009-2010 season, the club won Conference Northern. In the 2010-2011 season, the club finished in 21st place and had to leave the league, but remained thanks to disband Rushden & Diamonds.


Nigel Adkins

Nigel Howard Adkins (born 11 March 1965) is an English football manager and former footballer. He was most recently the manager of Hull City.

Adkins played for Tranmere Rovers, Wigan Athletic and Bangor City.

Adkins' career as a manager started with Bangor City. From 1996 to 2006 he worked for Scunthorpe United as a physiotherapist. He worked for Scunthorpe United as a main coach for four years. In 2010, Adkins became the main coach of Southampton. In March 2013, Adkins became a main coach of Reading. 


10th Army (German Empire)

The 10th Army () was an army level command of the German Empire in World War I.

The 10th Army was formed 1 January 1915. The army was stationed on the Eastern Front where it fought against the Russian Empire. It was dissolved in January 1919.


Bizarro (Six Flags Great Adventure)

Medusa (previously known as Bizarro) is a floorless steel roller coaster located at Six Flags Great Adventure.

Zhuhai

Zhuhai (, ) is a city in Guangdong, China. It is in the Pearl River Delta. It borders Jiangmen to the northwest, Zhongshan to the north, and Macau to the south. Zhuhai was one of the original Special Economic Zones established in the 1980s. Zhuhai is one of China's popular tourist destinations, being called the Chinese Riviera. Most people in the city are migrants who speak Mandarin. Its northern part, Xiangzhou district is now part of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen built-up area, the biggest built-up area in the world. The area had more than 44,478,513 people in 2010. It includes Shenzhen, Dongguan, Foshan, Zhongshan, Macao, the main part of Guangzhou, and small parts of Jiangmen and Huizhou.

Simone Laudehr

Simone Laudehr (born 12 July 1986 in Regensburg, Bavaria, West Germany) is a German association football midfielder/winger. She currently plays for 1. FFC Frankfurt. Laudehr is also a member of the Germany women's national football team. She was part of a team who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Winger

The word Winger can refer to:


UEFA Women's Champions League

The UEFA Women's Champions League is the female version of the UEFA Champions League. From 2001 to 2009, the competition was called the UEFA Women's Cup. It was formed in 2001. The team of 1. FFC Frankfurt has won the most titles.

The final of the UEFA Women's Cup was played on two legs. Below are the results of the finals:

The final of the UEFA Women's Champions League was played on one leg. Below are the results of the finals:


Umeå IK

Umeå IK is a women's association football club that is from Umeå, Sweden. It was founded in 1917 It was started as a as a general sports club. 

The club won the Swedish national championship in 2000, 2001, 2002, 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008.

It has also won 2 UEFA Women's Champions League titles. The team's colours are black and yellow.

<br>

Olympique Lyonnais Féminin

Olympique Lyonnais Féminin (also called Olympique Lyonnais, Lyon or OL) is a women's association football club from Lyon, France. It is the most successful club in the history of Division 1 Féminine with thirteen league titles. The club has been the female section of Olympique Lyonnais since 2004. Lyon currently play in the Division 1 Féminine and are the defending champions, having won the league for nine consecutive seasons. As of 27 June 2015, UEFA rates the club as number 1 in Europe.

Official website

Community of İskenderpaşa

Community of İskenderpaşa is a Sufistic community in Turkey. When Mehmed Zahid Kotku was commisioned as imam in Mosque of İskenderpaşa, it started. When he died, the community's leader was Mahmud Esad Coşan. Now, this community's leader is Muharrem Nureddin Coşan.

This community trained very famous politicians. For example. Necmettin Erbakan, Turgut Özal, Recai Kutan, Korkut Özal, Cevat Ayhan, Ahmet Tekdal, Akif Gülle, Hasan Hüseyin Ceylan, Temel Karamollaoğlu, Nevzat Yalçıntaş .

First normal form

First normal form (1NF) is a property of a relational model, specifically tables. Within a table that is in first normal form, each row has columns that are each represent one thing and contain one element. Additionally, there are no repeated columns in the table.

First normal form is a minimum criterion of database normalization.

Second normal form

Second normal form (2NF) is a property of a relational model, specifically tables that is a criterion of database normalization. 

The first criterion of being second normal form is that the table be first normal form. 

Within a table that is in second normal form, the data in each columns in each row are dependent on each row's entire primary key. A primary key is one or more columns in a row that is used to identify and index that row of the table. Columns that are not related to every column in the primary key are removed. Only columns that are related to all columns in the primary key are retained.

Third normal form

Third normal form is a property of a relational model, specifically tables that is a criterion of database normalization. 

The first criterion of being third normal form is that the table be second normal form. 

Within a table that is in third normal form, the data in each column in each row are dependent only on columns that are part of the primary key. A primary key is one or more columns in a row that is used to identify and index that row of the table. Columns that are not related to any column in the primary key are removed. 

City car

City car is a term used for an automobile that is shorter than a typical subcompact car, in the A-segment group. They're also referred to as an urban car because they're intended for short distances. The most common city cars are the Fiat 500, the Chevrolet Spark and Ford Ka (only sold outside the US).

Bradford West Gwillimbury

Bradford West Gwillimbury is a town in Simcoe County, Ontario, Canada. It was founded in 1991 when the Town of Bradford was merged with parts of the Townships of West Gwillimbury and Tecumseth. According to the Canada 2011 Census, the town had a population of 28,077.

Two highways run through the town: Highway 9 and Highway 400.

Simcoe County

Simcoe County is part of Central Ontario, Canada. It is north of the Greater Toronto Area, between Lake Simcoe and Georgian Bay. It is part of the Golden Horseshoe area. The county covers . In 2011, it had a population of 277,614. It was named by John Graves Simcoe, the first Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada, for his father John Simcoe.

Agriculture and manufacturing are a big part of Simcoe County's economy. Honda Canada is one of the county's biggest employers.

The County has sixteen municipalities:
The cities of Barrie and Orillia are both in Simcoe County but they are politically independent of the county.

Collingwood, Ontario

Collingwood is a town in Simcoe County, Ontario, Canada. It is on Nottawasaga Bay at the southern end of Georgian Bay. It covers an area of 33.46 square miles (12.92 square miles). According to the Canada 2011 Census, it had a population of 19,241. The town is popular for recreational activities, like skiing and hiking.

Collingwood was incorporated as a town in 1858. It was named after Cuthbert Collingwood, 1st Baron Collingwood, who was a British naval officer. In the late 1970s, several industrial and manufacturing companies built factories in the town.

Prince Edward County, Ontario

Prince Edward County is a county in Ontario, Canada. It is in Southern Ontario near the eastern end of Lake Ontario. The Bay of Quinte is north and east of the county. The county covers 1,050.45 square kilometers (405.58 square miles). According to the 2011 census, the county had a population of 25,258.

Prince Edward County is a single-tier municipality, which means it is not divided into townships and cities. There are several unincorporated communities in the county, including Picton, where the county government is based.

The Picton Pirates of the Empire B Junior C Hockey League play in Piction. The Wellington Dukes of the Ontario Junior Hockey League play in Wellington.

Prince Edward County is popular with tourists. Because it is on a lake, water sports like canoeing and sailing are very popular. The Sandbanks Provincial Park is near Picton; it is the world's largest fresh water sand bar and dune system.

Ontario Highway 62

Ontario Highway 62 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It starts at Highway 33 in Prince Edward County. It then heads north through Hastings County. It ends in Hastings Highlands, where the highway merges with Highway 127. Highway 62 also passes through Belleville, Madoc, and Bancroft. It is 165.8 kilometers (103 miles) long.

Ontario Highway 34

Ontario Highway 34 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It starts at Highway 417 near Vankleek Hill. It continues northeast through the Ottawa Valley. It ends in Hawkesbury. It is 16.9 kilometers (10.5 miles) long. It travels through mostly rural areas.

Manitoba Highway 10

Manitoba Highway 10 is a provincial highway in the western part of Manitoba, Canada. It is long. It goes from south to north. It is the longest highway in Manitoba.

The highway starts at the International Peace Garden along the border with North Dakota, near the Manitoba town of Boissevain. It runs through several towns to Flin Flon at the boundary with Sasatchewan, where it goes on as Saskatchewan Highway 167. Some of the other cities and towns it passes through are Brandon, Ethelbert, and Cranberry Portage.

Between Dauphin and The Pas, Highway 10 is part of the Northern Woods and Water Route.

Government of Manitoba

The government of Manitoba has three parts. The head of state, Elizabeth II, is represented by the Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba. The Lieutenant Governor is appointed by the Governor General of Canada, with the advice of the Prime Minister of Canada.

Manitoba has a unicameral legislature, which is called the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba. It has fifty-seven members, who are elected from single-member districts (meaning that only one member is elected from each district). The largest party in the legislature forms the executive branch. The party leader of the largest party becomes the Premier of Manitoba.

As of 2015, the most recent general election in Manitoba was on October 4, 2011. The New Democratic Party of Manitoba won a majority of seats. On October 19, 2009, Greg Selinger became the Premier.


New Democratic Party of Manitoba

The New Democratic Party of Manitoba (NDP) is a social democratic political party in Manitoba, Canada. It is the provincial wing of the federal New Democratic Party (NDP). It was formed from the Manitoba Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. In 1961, the national Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) merged with the Canadian Labour Congress to form the NDP. The Manitoba wing of the CCF took the New Democratic Party name on November 4, 1961.

The NDP formed a minority government after winning 28 out of 57 seats in the 1969 general election. Edward Schreyer became premier. In the 1973 general election, the NDP won 31 seats and formed a majority government. The party was the largest party in the assembly until the 1988 general election. After that election, the party won only 12 seats.

The party was returned to government in the 1999 general election and formed the government after that.

2011 Manitoba general election

The 40th general election of Manitoba was on October 4, 2011. It was to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba. The New Democratic Party (NDP) won 37 out of 57 seats, the Progressive Conservative Party (PCP) won 19 seats. The Liberal Party won one seat. The Green Party and the Communist Party both ran candidates but none were elected.

Since they had a majority of seats in the Legislative Assembly, the NDP formed the government, with Greg Selinger as Premier. The PCP formed the official opposition.

List of political parties in Manitoba

This is a list of political parties that are active in the province of Manitoba, Canada.



These are parties that used to exist in Manitoba but don't any longer. Some merged with other parties in the province.

Manitoba Liberal Party

The Manitoba Liberal Party is a political party in Manitoba, Canada. The party developed in the 1880s from the Provincial Rights Party. The Liberal party won the 1915 general elections winning 40 seats out of 57 in the Legislative Assembly. This was the largest victory in Manitoba history. However, in the 1922 general elections, the Liberals lost power to the United Farmers of Manitoba. Support for the Liberal party declined in the decades after this election. From 1932 to 1961, the party merged with the Progressive Party of Manitoba as the Liberal-Progressive Party. In 1961 it changed its name back to the Liberal Party.

In the 1981 general elections, the party failed to win any seats at all for the first time in its history.

Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba

The Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba (or PCP) is the one of the right-wing political parties in Manitoba, Canada. The party was founded in 1882. It formed the government for the province between 1899 and 1915. It lost power in the 1915 general election because of a scandal about the building of the Manitoba Legislative Building.

During the 20th century, the PCP formed the provincial government several times. After the 1988 general election, the party formed a minority government and remained in power for several years. In the Manitoba general election, 1999, it lost power to the New Democratic Party. In the 2011 general election, the PCP formed the opposition in the Legislative Assembly, with eight seats.

On July 30, 2012, Brian Pallister became the party leader. He is also the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly. After the 2016 elections, the PCP won a majority government and Pallister became the Premier of Manitoba.

Legislative Assembly of Manitoba

The Legislative Assembly of Manitoba is the unicameral assembly of the legislature of Manitoba, Canada. There are fifty-seven members, all from single-member constituencies. Each is elected in provincial general elections in a first-past-the-post voting system. The assembly meets in the Manitoba Legislative Building in Winnipeg.

The Premier of Manitoba is usually the leader of the largest party in the Legislative Assembly. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba is the presiding officer of the legislature.

Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba

The Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba is the representative of the Canadian monarch, Queen Elizabeth II in the government of Manitoba. The Manitoba lieutenant governor is appointed in the same way as the other Canadian lieutenant governors. Most of the lieutenant governor's roles are ceremonial, such as giving provincial awards and decorations.

The office of Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba was created in 1870, when Manitoba became a province. The first lieutenant governor was Adams George Archibald, from 1870 to 1872.

Premier of Manitoba

The Premier of Manitoba is the head of government for the province of Manitoba, Canada. The Premier is appointed by the Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba, who represents the Queen. The Premier is usually the head of the largest party in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba. The Premier then appoints the Cabinet of Manitoba.

The current Premier of Manitoba is Heather Stefanson of the Progressive Conservative Party. She was sworn in on November 2, 2021 becoming the first female premier of Manitoba.


List of Manitoba general elections

This is a list of the general elections to the Canadian province of Manitoba's Legislative Assembly. The number of seats has increased over time, to the present 57. Usually a general election is held every four years. The most recent election was in 2016.

The table below shows the total number of seats won by the major political parties at each election. The winning party's total is shown in bold. Full details on any election are linked via the year of the election at the start of the row.


Until the 1879 election, political parties were not active in the province. However, some candidates declared their support for (or opposition to) the administration of the time. Full details on any election are linked via the year of the election at the start of the row.

Ambroise Paré

Ambroise Paré (1510-1590) was an important French surgeon of the 16th century. He caused a major change in how medicine was practiced. Unlike surgeons before him, he cared about his patients. He worked to promote healing and minimize a patient's pain. His said "I dressed him, God cured him." Paré was a royal surgeon to several French kings including Henry II. He considered by many to be the father of modern surgery.

Paré was born about 1510 in France. His father was a country artisan. As a youth he was an apprentice to a barber. Then he trained as a barber-surgeon in Paris. This was at the Hôtel-Dieu de Paris hospital.

There were three levels of those who practiced medicine. Physicians were at the top and were the only ones who could be members of the Faculty of Medicine. Master surgeons were the next group. Paré belonged to the lowest group, the barber-surgeons. At the time wars were being fought all around him. Battlefield medicine was brutal and dirty. Firearms were a new weapon on the battlefield and were causing new and different wounds. Shrapnel, shot and bullets were a new problem for surgeons. They also believed gunpowder was poisonous. To stop the bleeding, they poured boiling oil over the wound. This burned an already suffering soldier.

In 1536, Paré was a young war surgeon just getting started on the battlefield. He ran out of oil to seal soldiers' wounds after amputations. He made up a mix of egg yolks, oil of roses and turpentine. He applied this to several soldier's wounds. The next morning he was surprised to see those soldiers with the mix he made up were much better than the soldiers who had been scalded. He used ligatures to tie off arteries during amputations to stop bleeding. 

In 1552, Paré became the official royal surgeon. He was surgeon to four French kings: Henry II, Francis II, Charles IX and Henry III.

Paré wrote his first book, "Methods of Treating Wounds", in 1545. He wrote it in French because he did not speak Latin. In 1575 he published his collected works. He was severely criticized by the Faculty of Physicians. This was the top school of physicians in France. Paré was called an ignorant fraud by Etienne Gourmelen, the dean of the Faculty. He stated no books on medicine could be published except through the Faculty of Physicians. Paré had the support of the king so his books sold without the Faculty. He wrote three more books. Paré wrote his own story titled "The Apology and Treatise of Ambroise Paré".


List of English Football League managers

There are 92 association football teams in the top four tiers of English football. Each team has a manager or head coach. The Premier League and Football Leagues are the only fully professional football leagues in England. The Premier League has 20 clubs at the top of the English football league system. The other 72 clubs are split into the three divisions of the Football League: the Championship, League One, and League Two.

Some of these managers were chosen as caretaker managers before the main job. A caretaker's start date is written in italics. Some managers have had more than one time in charge at their current club, however their time as manager is counted from the date of their latest club. Only one manager has spent more than 10 years in his current job. This list includes every manager currently managing a club in the Premier League and The Football League, in order of the date that they took up their job.

‡ indicates player-manager

1981 Manitoba general election

The Manitoba general election of November 17, 1981 was held to elect members to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba, Canada. The New Democratic Party won the election. They won 34 out of 57 seats. The Progressive Conservative Party won the remaining 23 seats. The Manitoba Liberal Party didn't win any seats for the first time in its history. The Progressive Party (which ran for the first time), the Communist Party, and Western Canada Concept Party also ran candidates in the election. None of these parties won any seats.

Howard Pawley of the New Democratic Party became premier.

1999 Manitoba general election

The Manitoba general election of September 21, 1999 was held to elect members to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba, Canada. The New Democratic Party won the election. They won 32 out of 57 seats. The Progressive Conservative Party won 24 seats. The Manitoba Liberal Party won one seat. The Manitoba Party, the Green Party, the Libertarian Party, and the Communist Party all ran candidates as well, but none won any seats. Each of those parties got less than 1% of the total vote.

The New Democratic Party formed the government for the first time since losing the 1988 general election. Gary Doer became premier.

Rhynia

Rhynia is a genus of Early Devonian fossil land plants. Only one species is known, "R. gwynne-vaughanii". The fossils are the sporophyte generation of a vascular plant. "Rhynia" had anatomical features more advanced than those of the bryophytes.


Productive efficiency

In economics, productive efficiency is a situation in which an economy is not able to produce any more of one good without reducing the production of another good. As resources are limited, it is not possible for more units of a good to be produced without taking away the resources used for producing another good. The concept of productive efficiency can be shown on a production possibility frontier (PPF), where all points on the curve are productively efficient.

Productive efficiency refers to the maximum amount of output that an economy can produce at a certain point in time. However, if firms in the economy were to improve on their production methods and increase productivity, it is possible for the PPF to shift outwards, thus allowing more goods to be produced than before.

Productive inefficiency happens when factors of production (i.e. land, labor, capital or enterprise) are not used to its maximum. For example, labor in the form of workers may be sitting and not doing any work. If the worker were to be used to produce more output than before, then having the worker not doing any work would be productively inefficient.

Allocative efficiency is a special type of productive efficiency in which the right amount of goods is produced to benefit society in the best way.

Productive efficiency can be shown either by using a production possibility frontier (PPF) diagram, or by using the marginal cost and average total cost curves.

Assuming that the economy only produces 2 goods – guns and butter. Points B, C and D on the diagram are considered to be productively efficient as it is not possible to produce more of either good without having to reduce the production of the other. For example, if the economy is producing at point D, the only way to produce more butter is to reduce the production of guns, thus reaching point C.

If the economy was originally producing at point A of the diagram, it is possible for more butter and guns to be produced without having to reduce the production of any of them. When this happens, the economy shifts from point A to point D and is better utilizing its resources.

However, if the economy was originally producing at point D and wants to produce more butter, the production of guns would have to be reduced. If the production of guns is not reduced, the economy would produce at point X, which is not possible in reality as there are no resources available to produce the extra output.

For a firm that is producing a certain type of good, it would have the marginal cost (MC) and average total cost (ATC) curves when producing an additional unit of output as shown in the diagram.

By definition, the MC curve will meet the ATC curve at its minimum point, which is the point P1 and Q1 on the diagram. At this point, producing more than Q1 would bring more costs than benefits to the firm, whereas producing less than Q1 would mean that there are more benefits than costs in producing more of the good. Hence, the point P1 and Q1 would be a point that is just right, and all the resources of the firm would be fully used in the best possible way.

In reality, firms that are less competitive are unlikely to be producing at the productively efficient point as they are earning supernormal profits and have no need to cut costs. These firms are thus considered to be X-inefficient.

Rhynie

Rhynie () () is a village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is 14 miles northwest of Alford.

The Rhynie chert is named after the village, as well as the extinct plant genus Rhynia. The Rhynie chert is a sedimentary rock. It was deposited during the Devonian period and contains the oldest fossil insect in the world.

The Station Hotel at Rhynie is mentioned as a joke in the sketch "The Will" by Scotland the What. The joke is that there is no railway station at Rhynie, "..but they were aye hopin' for one."

Eight Pictish symbol stones have been found at Rhynie. These include the "Rhynie Man", discovered in 1978. It is a six foot tall boulder carved with a bearded man carrying an axe. It may possibly be the Celtic god Esus.

The "Rhynie Man" now stands inside Woodhill House (the headquarters of the Aberdeenshire Council ) in Aberdeen.

In 2011, archaeological excavations at Rhynie, near the site of the "Rhynie Man", dug up a fortified settlement. It dates to the early medieval period. Among the finds at the site were fragments of a late 5th or 6th century Roman amphora. It is the only known example of a Roman amphora from Eastern Britain that dates to the post-Roman period. This must have been imported from the Mediterranean region. It means that the inhabitants of the settlement must have been of high status. Archaeologists have said that the settlement may have been a royal family site where Pictish kings lived.


Todor Slavov

Todor Slavov (; 22 January 1984 – 28 June 2015) was a Bulgarian rally driver.

On 28 June 2015, Slavov was involved in a crash at Rally Tvarditsa-Elena. Soon after, he died of fatal injuries.

Wally Stanowski

Walter Peter Stanowski (April 28, 1919 – June 28, 2015) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

Stanowski started his National Hockey League career with the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1939. In 1941, he was a member of the NHL All-Star Team. He won four Stanley Cups with the Maple Leafs. Stanowski was traded to the New York Rangers after the 1947-48 season. He retired after the 1951 season.
Stanowski was the last surviving member of Maple Leafs 1942 and 1945 Stanley Cup team.

As of 2015, Stanowski lived in a retirement home near Toronto. He died on June 28, 2015.

Charles Pasqua

Charles Pasqua (18 April 1927 – 29 June 2015) was a French businessman and Gaullist politician. He was Interior Minister from 1986 to 1988, under Jacques Chirac's "cohabitation" government, and also from 1993 to 1995, under the government of Édouard Balladur.

Chris Squire

Christopher Russell Edward (known as Chris Squire; 4 March 1948 – 27 June 2015) was an English musician and singer-songwriter. He was best known as the bassist and founding member of the progressive rock band Yes. He was the only member to appear on each of their 21 studio albums, released from 1969 to 2014.

In May 2015, Squire announced a hiatus from Yes after he was diagnosed with acute erythroid leukemia. Squire died on 27 June at his home in Phoenix, Arizona, aged 67.


2015 Clinton Correctional Facility escape

The 2015 Clinton Correctional Facility escape took place on June 6, 2015, when two inmates were discovered missing during a 5:30 a.m. bed check at the maximum security Clinton Correctional Facility in New York. The inmates were Richard Matt and David Sweat. Both men had been convicted of murder. Nearly three weeks later, Matt was found at Malone, New York, where he was shot and killed. Two days after that, Sweat was shot in Constable, New York and taken into custody.

Conservative Political Action Conference

The Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC; ) is an annual political conference in National Harbor, Maryland attended by conservative activists and elected officials from across the United States. CPAC is hosted by the American Conservative Union (ACU). More than 100 other organizations contribute in various ways.

In 2011, ACU took CPAC on the road with its first Regional CPAC in Orlando, Florida. Since then ACU has hosted regional CPACs in Chicago, Denver, St. Louis, and San Diego.

The conference was founded in 1973 by the American Conservative Union and Young Americans for Freedom as a small gathering of dedicated conservatives. Over the years it has grown to thousands of attendees annually. Roughly half of those in attendance in the past few years have been college-aged.

Speakers have included Ronald Reagan, George W. Bush, Dick Cheney, Pat Buchanan, Karl Rove, Newt Gingrich, Sarah Palin, Ron Paul, Mitt Romney, Tony Snow, Glenn Beck, Rush Limbaugh, Ann Coulter, Allen West, Michele Bachmann, and other conservative public figures. Before, during, and after his presidency, Ronald Reagan spoke at CPAC a total of 12 times. In 2017, President Donald Trump spoke at the event.


Special Olympics

Special Olympics is the world's largest sports organization for children and adults with intellectual disabilities. It provides year-round training and competitions to more than 4.4 million athletes in 193 countries. Special Olympics competitions are held every day, all around the world. This includes local, national and regional competitions. Combined they add up to more than 70,000 events a year.

These competitions include the Special Olympics World Games. These alternate between summer and winter games. Special Olympics World Games are held every four years. The most recent World Summer Games were the Special Olympics World Summer Games, held in Athens, Greece (The birthplace of the modern Olympic Games). They ran from June 25, 2011 to July 4, 2011. The next summer games will be held in Los Angeles beginning Saturday, July 25 and ending on August 2, 2015. The Flame of Hope is the symbol of the Special Olympics. It was lit on May 14, 2015 at the Pnyx in Athens, Greece. That began the journey to the World Games. The torch remains lit until the end of the Games on August, 2.

Next Specialolympics will be held in Canada in 2024 in winters

<br>

Silphium

Silphium was a plant that was used in classical antiquity as a seasoning and as a medicine. It is also known as silphion, laserwort, or laser. It was the essential item of trade from the ancient North African city of Cyrene. Most of the coins from Cyrene show a picture of the plant. The valuable product was the plant's resin (called "laser", laserpicium, or lasarpicium).

Silphium was an important species. The Egyptians and the Minoan civilization of Knossos used a special glyph in their writing for the silphium plant. It was used by most ancient Mediterranean cultures. The Romans considered it "worth its weight in denarii" (silver coins). Legend said that it was a gift from the god Apollo.

Which plant species silphium was is unclear. It is commonly believed to be a now-extinct plant of the genus "Ferula". The still-living plant species "Ferula tingitana" has been suggested as another possibility. Another resin from different "Ferula" species, asafoetida, was used as a cheaper substitute for silphium. Asafoetida is still available.


Streets of Rage (video game)

Streets of Rage is a beat 'em up video game. It was released in Japan as . The game was made and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis in 1991, for the Game Gear in 1992 and for the Master System in 1993.

It is the first game in the "Streets of Rage" series. It is followed by "Streets of Rage 2" (released in 1992).

Streets of Rage 2

Streets of Rage 2 is a beat 'em up video game. It was released on the Sega Mega Drive in the year 1992. The game was released in Japan as . In Europe it was titled Streets of Rage II. It is the second game in the Streets of Rage series. 
The game has been praised for its soundtrack. 

It is the second game in the "Streets of Rage" series. It is a sequel to "Streets of Rage" (released in 1991) and it is followed by "Streets of Rage 3" (released in 1994).

<br>

Koska Helvacısı

Koska Helvacısı or simply Koska is the leading brand and trademark of helva (halva) and Turkish delight production in Turkey.

Koska was a former quarter of Istanbul, near Laleli. The company takes its name from their old location at Koska. Helvacı means producer or seller of sweets in Turkish. "Koska Helvacısı", then, "Sweetshop of Koska".

Koska's origins go back to the city of Denizli in the early 1900s. It was founded by Hacı Emin Bey.

His son Halil İbrahim Adil Dindar came to Istanbul in 1931. He started a helva production and sale shop at Koska. In 1982, after the death of their father, the three Dindar brothers inherited the company and divided it into two. They made an agreement to continue to use the brand name of Koska, both of them independently. Nevzat and Mümtaz Dindar established "Merter Helva" under the brand name "Koska". Mahir Dindar established "Mahir Gıda" under the brand name "Koska Helvacısı". Thus both companies market(ed) their products using the traditional name "Koska". 

In 2011, Merter added a "nazar boncuğu" (traditional blue and white bead for good luck) image to its logo, with the aim of differentiating the two companies. This was criticised by Mahir Gıda as a violation of their agreement. They announced that no Koska product bore any signs like bugs, flowers or beads. In return, Merter announced that no Koska product without the image of the "Helvacı Dede" (Grandpa Helvacı) is genuine Koska.

Merter Helva drafted a "constitution" or agreement not to have similar divisions in the future. They also received a "kosher food" and a "halal food" certificate.

Both companies produce Turkish delight, fruit preserves and various other sweet confections. This is in addition to the traditional "helva".


The Miracle of Bern

The Miracle of Bern () is a 2003 movie directed by Sönke Wortmann. It tells the story of a German family (particularly of a young boy and his depressed ex-POW father). It is also about the unexpected West German miracle victory in the 1954 World Cup Final in Bern, Switzerland. The film is a portrait of post-war Germany. With over 6 million visitors, it is one of Germany's best-selling movies.

In 1954, Richard (Peter Lohmeyer) returns to his German hometown after seven years as a prisoner of war (ww2). The years have caused some consequences, and he fails to relate to his family. Particularly he does not relate to his soccer-loving son, Matthias (Louis Klamroth). Meanwhile, a journalist (Lucas Gregorowicz) and his wife head to Bern, Switzerland, to write about the World Cup. The stories of these strangers converge when they arrive in Bern. There they witness an uplifting German performance in a game against Hungary.

<br>

Marujita Díaz

Marujita Díaz (María del Dulce Nombre Díaz Ruiz; 27 April 1932 – 23 June 2015) was a Spanish singer and actress. She was born in Sevilla, Spain. Díaz was known for presenting the very popular show "Música y estrellas".

Díaz died of respiratory failure caused by colon cancer in Madrid, aged 83.

Deaths in July 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in July 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Jackson Vroman

Jackson Vroman (June 6, 1981 – June 29, 2015) was an American-born Lebanese professional basketball player. He was naturalized as a Lebanese citizen to play for the Lebanon national basketball team. He was the son of former NBA player Brett Vroman, who played briefly for the Utah Jazz in the 1980-81 NBA season.

Vroman was born in Laguna, California. He studied at Snow Community College in Ephraim, Utah and Iowa State University.

Jackson was a second-round draft pick of the Chicago Bulls in the 2004 NBA Draft. He played for the Phoenix Suns and the New Orleans Hornets/New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets.

Vroman was found dead in a swimming pool at his home in Los Angeles County, California on June 29, 2015, aged 34. His drowning is thought to have been an accident. 

Chris Christie 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Chris Christie, the 55th Governor of New Jersey, began on June 30, 2015 at an event in his hometown of Livingston, New Jersey. Christie was seen by many as a possible presidential candidate in the 2016 U.S. presidential race. He withdrew on February 10, 2016.

In January 2015, Christie formed a PAC to see if running for president was a good idea. The campaign's headquarters is in Trenton, New Jersey.

Jaime Nebot

Jaime José Nebot Saadi (born October 22, 1946) is an Ecuadorian politician. He was mayor of Guayaquil, which is Ecuador's largest city until 2019. Although he is a member of the Social Christian Party, he has distanced himself from it and now is more on running the city. Nebot twice ran unsuccessfully for President of Ecuador. He is considered as the protégé of former president León Febres-Cordero.

Eddy Louiss

Eddy Louiss (May 2, 1941 – June 30, 2015) was a French jazz musician. His primary instrument is the Hammond organ. As a vocalist, he was a member of Les Double Six of Paris from 1961 through 1963.

Zvi Elpeleg

Zvi Elpeleg (1926 – 27 June 2015) was a Polish-born Israeli academic, author, and a senior researcher at the Dayan Institute at Tel Aviv University. He born in Poland. Elpeleg served as a colonel in the Israeli army and later received an ambassadorial appointment.

Obergefell v. Hodges

Obergefell v. Hodges was a landmark decision United States Supreme Court case. The Court held that the recognition and provision of same-sex marriage is a fundamental right. They ruled it is guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. 

The U.S. Supreme Court case, "Obergefell v. Hodges", is not the result of one lawsuit. Instead, it is the result of a consolidation of six lower-court cases originally representing sixteen same-sex couples, seven of their children, a widower, an adoption agency, and a funeral director. The original cases hail from the four states of Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky, and Tennessee. All six federal district courts ruled for the same-sex couples and other claimants. The lead plaintiff in the case was Jim Obergefell. He had challenged Ohio's ban on same-sex marriage. He filed the lawsuit because he could not put his name on his partner, John Arthur's death certificate. Ohio would not recognize their marriage in Maryland.

The dissents in the Obergefell case argued that this decision was not based in law. Chief Justice Roberts, in his dissenting opinion, explained the Obergefell plaintiffs’ “‘fundamental right’ claim falls into the most sensitive category of constitutional adjudication.” The claim is not based on a right mentioned in the constitution. Instead, it was argued that it discrimination against “a right implied by the Fourteenth Amendment’s requirement that ‘liberty’ may not be deprived without ‘due process of law.’”

On June 26, 2015, "Obergefell" requires all states to issue a license to marry between all people of the same sex. It requires all states to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other jurisdictions.

<br> 

Steve Harwell

Steven Scott Harwell (9 January 1967 – 4 September 2023) was an American singer who was the lead vocalist for the American band Smash Mouth. He died on 4 September 2023 due to liver failure.

Skate punk

Skate punk is a music genre related to punk rock music. It began on the West Coast. It is a popular music with skateboarders and their culture.

Skate punk means the sound of melodic hardcore bands from the 1990s with an aggressive sound, and similar sounding modern bands. Many bands classified as skate punk also fit into genres such as pop punk, melodic hardcore, thrashcore, metalcore, surf punk and crossover thrash.

Skate videos use this aggressive style of punk rock for their background music. This played a big part in the coining of the term "skate punk".
Skate punk is now popular in other parts of the world, including a large punk group in Oxnard, California.

Pat Toomey

Pat Toomey (born November 17, 1961) is an American politician. On January 3, 2011, he became the junior U.S. Senator from Pennsylvania. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2005. He retired from the Senate in 2023.

On October 4, 2020, Toomey announced that he will not run for re-election to a third term in 2022 or for Governor.

Toomey was born on November 17, 1961 in Providence, Rhode Island. He graduated from the Harvard University. He is married to Kris Toomey. They have three children.

On February 13, 2021 Toomey voted that no longer Republican President Donald Trump was guilty of starting the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol. He and six other Republican senators also voted that Trump was guilty. This was after the House of Representatives Second impeachment of Donald Trump. 

Fundamental rights

Fundamental rights are a set of rights that are recognized under the laws of a country to protect their citizens. 
These laws protect these rights even from the governments themselves. These protected rights include the right to life, right to freedom, and the right to free will. Other generally agreed upon examples of fundamental rights include freedom of religion, the right to free speech, the right to travel and the pursuit of Happiness. Fundamental rights are different from human rights. Fundamental rights are those protected by laws of a jurisdiction. Human rights are usually not enforceable by courts. Sometimes fundamental needs are associated with the concept of maslowism.


Jon Heidenreich

Jon Heidenreich is an American retired wrestler. He is best known for his time with World Wrestling Entertainment.

Prior to professional wrestling, Heidenreich played American football. He played in the Canadian Football League for the Shreveport Pirates. He also played for the Frankfurt Galaxy of NFL Europa in 1997.

Shelley Moore Capito

Shelley Moore Capito (born November 26, 1953) is an American politician. On January 3, 2015, she became the junior U.S. Senator from West Virginia. She was in the United States House of Representatives from 2001 to 2015. She was in the West Virginia state legislature from 1996 to 2000.

Capito was born on November 26, 1953 in Glen Dale, West Virginia. Her father was former Governor of West Virginia Arch A. Moore, Jr.. She was educated at the Holton-Arms School, Duke University, and the University of Virginia. She is married to Charles Capito. They have three children.

Bill Cassidy

Bill Cassidy (born September 28, 1957) is an American politician. On January 3, 2015, he became the junior U.S. Senator from Louisiana. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2009 to 2015. He was in the Louisiana Senate from 2006 to 2009.

Cassidy was born on November 17, 1961 in Highland Park, Illinois. He graduated from the Louisiana State University and A&M College. He is married to Laura Layden. They have three children.

On February 13, 2021 Cassidy voted that Republican President Donald Trump was guilty of starting the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol. He and six other Republican senators also voted that Trump was guilty. This was after the House of Representatives Second impeachment of Donald Trump. 

Kelly Ayotte

Kelly Ann Ayotte (born June 28, 1968) is an American politician. From 2011 to 2017 she was the junior U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. She was Attorney General of New Hampshire from 2004 to 2009.

During the 2016 New Hampshire senate elections, Ayotte narrowly lost her seat to Governor Maggie Hassan by less than 720 votes.

In July 2023, Ayotte announced her campaign for Governor of New Hampshire in the 2024 election.

Ayotte was born on June 28, 1968 in Nashua, New Hampshire. She graduated from the Pennsylvania State University. Ayotte later graduated from Villanova University School of Law. She married Joseph Daley in 2001. They have two children.

Mr. Roboto

"Mr. Roboto" is a 1983 song by American rock band Styx and taken from their 11th studio album "Kilroy Was Here". It went to number 1 in Canada and number 3 in the United States.

Arrondissements of the Lozère department

There are 2 arrondissements in the Lozère department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Lozère are:

Since its creation, the Pyrénées-Orientales department, first with the name of Roussillon, has had few changes:


Bob Corker

Bob Corker (born August 24, 1952) is an American politician. From 2007 to 2019, he was the U.S. Senator from Tennessee. From 2001 to 2005, he was Mayor of Chattanooga.

Corker was born on August 24, 1952 in Orangeburg, South Carolina. He graduated from the University of Tennessee. He and his wife Elizabeth have two daughters.

On September 26, 2017, Corker announced that he would not run for re-election in 2018.

Arrondissement of Florac

The arrondissement of Florac is an arrondissement of France; it is part of the Lozère "département" in the Occitanie region.

When the Lozère department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Florac was part of that original department.

It is the smallest and southernmost of the two "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of . It has 13,313 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km²

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Mende, to the east and south by the Gard department, and to the west by the Aveyron department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Florac, there are 2 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Le Collet-de-Dèze and Florac. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Florac has 44 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):

There is only a town with more than 1,000 inhabitants, and it is the subprefecture, Florac Trois Rivières, with 2,107 inhabitants.


Arrondissement of Mende

The arrondissement of Mende is an arrondissement of France; it is part of the Lozère "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Mende.

When the Lozère department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Mende was part of that original department.

It is the largest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of . It has a population of 63,047 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" covers the northern part of the department and is bordered by the Cantal department to the northwest, the Haute-Loire department to the northeast), by the Ardeche department to the east, by the "arrondissement" of Florac to the south and by the Aveyron department to the west.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Mende, there are 9 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Mende has 132 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):

The only important city is Mende with 11,542 people living there in 2014. Other towns are Marvejols (4,882) and Saint-Chély-d'Apcher (4,169).


Tim Scott

Timothy Eugene Scott (born September 19, 1965) is an American politician. On January 3, 2013, he became the junior U.S. Senator from South Carolina. He was in the U.S. House of Representatives from 2009 to 2013. He is the only African-American senator as of the 115th United States Congress. More specifically, he is the first Republican African-American senator since Edward Brooke, of Massachusetts, in the 1970s. 

Scott was a candidate for President of the United States in the 2024 election.

Scott was born on September 19, 1965 in North Charleston, South Carolina. He attended Presbyterian College. Scott graduated from Charleston Southern University. He is unmarried.

Scott is a Republican, and conservative overall, but has a liberal stance on civil rights for African-Americans. 

Scott criticized President Donald Trump when he controversially tweeted: "When the looting starts, the shooting starts". This was about the protests of the death of George Floyd. Scott had spoken out against Floyd's murder.

Scott was in 2017 one of 22 senators sending a letter to Donald Trump asking him to withdraw from the Paris Agreement. He is a lobbyist for oil/gas/coal interests, having received over $54,000 from them since 2012.

In late 2022, it was reported that several United States senators such as John Barrasso, John Cornyn, and Joni Ernst had encouraged Scott to run for President of the United States in the 2024 election. 

In February 2023, it was reported that Scott was preparing for a presidential run. Two months later in April, he created an exploratory committee to see if he should run for president.

On May 19, 2023, Scott officially filed to run for president.

Scott ended his campaign on November 12, 2023, due to low poll numbers.

Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi

Samira Salih al-Nuaimi (also Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi, Sameera Salih Ali al-Nuaimy, or سميرة صالح النعيمي in Arabic) (1963 – 22 September 2014) was an Iraqi lawyer and human rights activist. 

She had criticized Islamic State on Twitter because they destroyed mosques, churches, and shrines. She was then kidnapped by men in masks. She was tortured for five days and then was killed by Islamic State (ISIS or Daish).

The United Nations spoke out strongly against the killing.

Samiraa al-Nuaimi was a lawyer. According to the Gulf Centre For Human Rights, she worked on detainee rights and poverty. She worked as a volunteer for women's rights. She was one of the leading activists in Iraq, especially in the defense of people in jail, and in helping families with little money. 

Samira lived in the northeastern part of Mosul with her husband and three children. On September 17, 2014, when she was at home with her husband and children, the ISIL group took Samira from her home. They said she was guilty of apotasy under Sharia law. They tortured her for 5 days. Then they killed her. Zeid Ra’ad al-Hussein, the United Nations human rights commissioner, said her familiy was not permitted to give her a funeral. 

The United Nations Assistance Mission in Iraq said she was arrested because of her Facebook messages. She posted criticism of ISIL's destruction of religious places in Mosul. After her death, the Facebook page was removed. 

The United States Department of State condemned Samira's murder. They said she was brave because she helped people when she was in danger. 

The Special Representative of the United Nations Secretary-General for Iraq (SRSG), Mr. Nickolay Mladenov, also spoke strongly against the killing of al-Nuaimi. He said it was a "sickening crime committed against the people of Iraq". United Nations Commissioner Prince Zeid bin Raad, from the High Commissioner office in Geneva and New York, said Samira's death was terrible. He said she had courage because she defended the human rights of others. 

George Shrinks

George Shrinks is a Canadian-Chinese-French-American animated television series. It is based on the children's book by William Joyce. The show is about a ten to fifteen-year-old boy named George. After a dream one night, he wakes up and is only three inches tall. He has adventures with his friends and family. He also drives mini machines that he made with his father. Co-produced By Nelvana and Jade Animation In Association With Treehouse TV and Canal+ Family

The series started on 29 September 2000 on PBS Kids.

Because of George's very small size, everyday activities, such as working around the house or playing outside, often become exciting adventures. He mostly uses the Zooper Car to travel. It can change into a submarine or a helicopter.

The show has a retro-1940s look, with simple animation and colors. Most of the background music is jazz.


TVO SCN Télé-Québec Treehouse Knowledge Network TFO and Access (Canada) PBS Kids Disney Channel and Disney XD (United States) 


Mare Nostrum

Mare Nostrum (Latin for "Our Sea") was a Roman name for the Mediterranean Sea. In the years after the unification of Italy in 1861, the term was used again by Italian nationalists. They believed that Italy should follow on from the Roman Empire.

The term "mare nostrum" was used in the first place by Romans to refer to the Tyrrhenian Sea. This was after they had taken over the countries around it. These were Sicily, Sardinia and Corsica. It happened during the Punic Wars with Carthage. When they controlled Hispania they expanded the term to the whole western Mediterranean. By 30 BC, the Romans had taken over the countries around the Mediterranean from the Iberian Peninsula to Egypt. So they started to use the name "mare nostrum" for the whole Mediterranean Sea. They used other names as well, such as "Mare Internum" ("The Internal Sea"). However, they did not use the name "Mediterranean" (Middle Sea), as this name came later.

In the 1880's some Italians became interested in nationalism. Other European countries had made colonies in Africa (called the "Scramble for Africa"). They wanted Italy to have African colonies too. The term "mare nostrum" was used again by the Italian poet Emilio Lipi

The term was again used by Benito Mussolini for use in fascist propaganda. He used it in the same way that Adolf Hitler used the word "lebensraum" (German for "living space"). It meant they wanted to take over other countries to have more for themselves. Mussolini wanted Italy to be great like the Roman Empire. He believed that Italy was the most powerful Mediterranean country after World War I. He said that "the twentieth century will be a century of Italian power". Mussolini built up a powerful navy so he could control the Mediterranean Sea.

When World War II started, Italy already controlled the north and south shores of the middle part of the Mediterranean. The western part was controlled by Spain and France. The eastern part by Greece, Turkey and the British Empire. In 1940 the fall of France removed the main threat from the west. At the same time Italy invaded Greece and Egypt and attacked the island of Malta. Mussolini talked about making the Mediterranean "an Italian lake". The Axis (Italy and Germany together) defeated Greece, but could not defeat the British in Egypt. For the next three years they fought many battles there (called the Western Desert Campaign). The British and Italian navies also fought at sea (this is called the Battle of the Mediterranean). By 1943 the Axis in North Africa had been beaten and in September 1943 Italy was invaded and forced to surrender.

The name "Mare Nostrum" was chosen for a conference by the Society for Mediterranean Law and Culture. It was held in June 2012 at the University of Cagliari in Sardinia. What they meant by the term was the full diversity of Mediterranean cultures, especially for exchanges and cooperation among Mediterranean nations.

After a 2013 shipwreck near Lampedusa when many migrants from Africa had to be rescued. The Italian government increased its patrolling of the Mediterranean Sea. It called this "Operation Mare Nostrum", which was a military and humanitarian operation to rescue the migrants and arrest the traffickers of immigrants.


Rosy boa

The rosy boa ("Lichanura trivirgata") is a snake of the Boidae family. The rosy boa is native to southwest America, and Baja California and Sonora, Mexico. It is one of only two boas native to the territory claimed by the United States. The other is the rubber boa ("Charina bottae").

Petar Bojović

Petar Bojović (, ; 16 July 1858 in Miševići, Nova Varoš – 19 January 1945 in Belgrade) was a Serbian military commander. He fought in the Serbo-Turkish War, the Serbo-Bulgarian War, the First Balkan War, the Second Balkan War, World War I and World War II. Following the breakthrough on the Thessaloniki Front he was promoted to fourth Serbian Field Marshal ("Voivoda").

In World War I as commander of the First Army, he broke through the lines on the Salonika front. His army advanced deep into enemy territory. For this he was given the title of Duke. In 1945, after World War II ended, he was beaten severely by partisans. They decided to take his house for themselves. He died soon after of his injuries.

Scottish English

Scottish English, also known as Scottish Standard English or Standard Scottish English (SSE), is a dialect of English that is spoken in Scotland. People can tell Scottish English from British English by their accents, grammar, and vocabulary.

Scottish English should not be confused with Scots, a language which is very much like, but separate from English. The Scots language itself has affected Scottish English by means of contact with the Standard English after the 17th century. Still, many speakers of both Scots and Scottish English put them into different registers and smoothly switch between the two.

La Siberia

La Siberia is a Spanish local administrative division located in Badajoz, Extremadura. 
To the southeast is Caceres province. Castile-La Mancha is to the east.

This area is part from the Toledo Mountains range and reaches until the Las Villuercas mountains. About 90 percent of its terrain ranges from above sea level. Its highest mountain ranges are: the Umbría, Castrejones, Cantonegros, Santana and Pico Montilla. The last is the highest, at above sea level.

Due its location between Castilian Plateau and the Atlantic Area, its climate is inside continental climate with warm summers and slightly cold winters. The average temperature is about . The coldest month is January with depending on its zone (north or south). On the other hand, July is the warmest month, with as minimum to as maximum.


United States Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs

The United States Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs deals with most of the United States veterans issues. People who are members of the committee help fight for veterans. Members are also members of the United States senate. They help veterans find jobs and homes, and help with medical care. It was created in 1971 to help the Vietnam War veterans.

The Veterans' Affairs Committee had nine members when it was created. It now has 17 members.
According to committee members' official online biographies, three of the fourteen members are veterans: Richard Blumenthal, Dan Sullivan and Johnny Isakson.



Patty Murray

Patricia Lynn "Patty" Murray (née Johns; October 11, 1950) is the senior United States Senator from Washington. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Murray was first elected to the Senate in 1992, becoming Washington's first female senator. She was re-elected in 1998, 2004 and 2010.

With Patrick Leahy's retirement, Murray became the Senate President pro tempore in the 118th Congress, becoming the first female to hold the position in history.


Johnny Isakson

John Hardy "Johnny" Isakson (December 28, 1944 – December 19, 2021) was an American politician. He was the United States Senator from Georgia from 2005 through 2019. He was a member of the Republican Party. Previously, he represented Georgia's 6th Congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2005.

In June 2015, Isakson was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease and a kidney tumor.

On August 28, 2019, due his bad health, Isakson announced that he would resign from the Senate officially on December 31, 2019.

Isakson died on December 19, 2021 at his home in Atlanta, Georgia from Parkinson's disease-related problems at the age of 76.


Vermont's at-large congressional district

Vermont has been represented in the United States House of Representatives by a single at-large congressional district since the 1930 census, when the state lost its second seat. 

There were once six districts in Vermont. Bernie Sanders (Independent) held the seat from 1991 until 2007, when he became a U.S. Senator. Democrat Peter Welch represented the state from 2007 to 2023. Becca Balint has represented this district since 2023.

Liberty Union Party

The Liberty Union Party of Vermont, founded in 1970 by former Congressman William H. Meyer, Peter Diamondstone, Dennis Morrisseau and others, originated in the anti-war and People's Party movements of the late 1960s and defines itself as a non-violent socialist party. Famous members include Bernie Sanders, John Parker, and Brain Moore.

Vermont Progressive Party

The Vermont Progressive Party is a political party in the United States. It was founded in 1999 and is active only in the U.S. state of Vermont. 

The party is largely social democratic and progressive. The Progressives received 9,470 votes (2.96% of the vote) in the 2010 Vermont House of Representatives Elections, and five seats, compared to the Democrats' 55.11% and 96 seats, the Republicans' 38.04% of the vote, and 46 seats. 

Independents received 3.81% and three seats. As of 2012, the party controls 10% of the Vermont Senate seats, and 3.3% of the seats in the Vermont House of Representatives.

Peter Welch

Peter Francis Welch (born May 2, 1947) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party. Welch is the junior U.S. Senator from Vermont since 2023. He was the U.S. Representative for Vermont's At-large congressional district from 2007 to 2023.

In 2016, Welch supported U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination for President. He supported him again in 2020.

In November 2021, Welch announced his candidacy for the Democratic nomination for the United States Senate in the 2022 election to replace retiring Senator Patrick Leahy. He won the general election in November 2022.


Peter Plympton Smith

Peter Plympton Smith (born October 31, 1945) is a former member of the United States House of Representatives from the U.S. state of Vermont, the 74th Lieutenant Governor of Vermont, and an education administrator.

He served as the founding president of the Community College of Vermont, the founding president of California State University, Monterey Bay, and as assistant director general for education of the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).

Smith was one of thirty former Republican congressmen to sign a letter opposing Donald Trump's candidacy for president.

Seniority in the United States Senate

Seniority in the United States Senate is the value of a senator based on his/her service. There are two senators per state. The one senator that served more years is called the Senior senator. The one who served less is called the Junior senator. 


Ranking member

In United States politics, a ranking member is the most senior member of a congressional or state legislative committee from the minority party. 

When party control of a legislative chamber changes, a committee's ranking minority member is likely, though not assured, to become the next chairman of the committee, and vice versa.

United States Senate Committee on the Budget

The United States Senate Committee on the Budget was created by the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974. It is responsible for drafting Congress's annual budget plan and creating an action on the budget for the Federal Government. 

The committee has power over the Congressional Budget Office. The committee briefly operated as a special committee from 1919 to 1920 during the 66th Congress, before being made a standing committee in 1974.



Political action committee

In the United States, a political action committee (PAC) is a type of organization that gives money to campaigns from members and donates those funds to campaign for or against candidates, ballot initiatives, or legislation. 
The legal term PAC has been created in pursuit of campaign finance reform in the United States.

Central Vermont Railway

The Central Vermont Railway was a railroad that operated in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, and Vermont, as well as the Canadian province of Quebec.

Vermont Reds

The Vermont Reds were a minor league baseball team. They played in the Eastern League at Centennial Field in Burlington, Vermont from 1984 to 1987.

John F. Kennedy School of Government

The John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University (also known as Harvard Kennedy School and HKS) is a public policy and public administration school, and one of Harvard's graduate and professional schools. It is named after Harvard graduate and 35th President of the United States John F. Kennedy.

It offers master's degrees in public policy, public administration, and international development, grants several doctoral degrees, administers executive programs for senior government officials, and conducts research in subjects relating to politics, government, international affairs, and economics.

Oxford East (UK Parliament constituency)

Oxford East is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament by Andrew Smith of the Labour Party.

Election Result 2015 http://www.oxford.gov.uk/PageRender/decCD/Election_results_occw.htm 

Rubber boa

The rubber boa is a snake in the family Boidae that is native to the western North America.

The Nation

The Nation is the oldest continuously published weekly magazine in the United States. It was first founded in July 1895 in New York City. "The Nation" has offices in Washington, D.C., London, Chicago, Paris, and in South Africa. It covers architecture, art, corporations, defense, environment, films, legal affairs, music, peace and disarmament, poetry, and the United Nations.

Vermont Public Radio

Vermont Public Radio (VPR) is a network of public radio stations in the state of Vermont. 

In addition to locally produced shows, the network broadcasts programs from NPR, Public Radio International, and American Public Media. It is headquartered in Colchester, a suburb of Burlington. Other studios are in Montpelier, Manchester and Norwich.

Colchester, Vermont

Colchester is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States. The population was 17,524 at the 2020 census.
It is the third-largest municipality and largest town in Vermont by population. Saint Michael's College is there.

Congressional Progressive Caucus

The Congressional Progressive Caucus (CPC) is a caucus in the Democratic congressional caucus in the United States Congress. The CPC is a left-leaning organization that works to advance progressive and liberal issues and positions. 

In the 116th United States Congress, the CPC has 98 members, making it the second largest caucus within the Democratic Party and the third largest caucus in Congress. The CPC is currently co-chaired by U.S. Representatives Mark Pocan (D-WI) and Pramila Jayapal (D-WA).

The CPC was created in 1991 by six members of the United States House of Representatives: U.S. Representatives Ron Dellums (D-CA), Lane Evans (D-IL), Thomas Andrews (D-ME), Peter DeFazio (D-OR), Maxine Waters (D-CA) and Bernie Sanders (I-VT). More House Members joined shortly after, including Major Owens (D-NY), Nydia Velázquez (D-NY), David Bonior (D-MI), Bob Filner (D-CA), Barney Frank (D-MA), Maurice Hinchey (D-NY), Jim McDermott (D-WA), Jerry Nadler (D-NY), Patsy Mink (D-HI), George Miller (D-CA), Pete Stark (D-CA), John Olver (D-MA), Lynn Woolsey (D-CA) and Nancy Pelosi (D-CA). Sanders was the convener and first CPC Chairman. Bill Goold was Staff Coordinator for the Progressive Caucus in its early years until 1998.

In April 2011, the Congressional Progressive Caucus released a proposed "People's Budget" for fiscal year 2012. Two of its supporters said: "By having a fair tax code, by building a strong American economy, and by bringing our troops home, we achieve a budget surplus of over $30 billion by 2021 and we end up with a debt that is less than 65% of our GDP. This is what sustainability looks like".

All members are members of the Democratic Party or caucus with the Democratic Party. In the 116th Congress, there are 97 declared Progressives, including 95 voting Representatives, one non-voting Delegate and one Senator.

Arizona
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts

Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Nevada
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
Ohio
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
Tennessee
Texas
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Wisconsin
Non-voting


National Rifle Association of America

The National Rifle Association of America (NRA) is an American nonprofit organization. It works for gun rights. It was founded in 1871. The current executive of the association is Wayne LaPierre of New York, who has served since 1991. Oliver North has been its President since 2018. The movie star Charlton Heston was also president of the NRA, from 1998 to 2003.

In the United States, attitudes and thoughts about guns have changed over time, and the NRA changed too.

The NRA began after the American Civil War. Leaders of the Union army were upset because the Union recruits could not shoot guns well. They would fire and miss many times, and this wasted ammunition. They started the NRA to teach men how to use guns. For most of the 20th century, the NRA was mostly about teaching people how to use guns. The NRA cooperated with the government. For example, the State of New York helped the NRA buy a gun range.

At first, the NRA supported laws limiting gun ownership. It agreed with the government that criminals and the mentally ill should not own guns. When there were many handguns in the United States, the NRA supported laws saying people should need a permit to buy one. When the first automatic weapons came out, the NRA supported laws requiring permits for them too. The NRA helped Congress develop the National Firearms Act of 1934, the Gun Control Act of 1938, and other gun laws in the 1960s.

In the late 20th century, the NRA began to change. There was civil unrest in the 1960s in America, and President John F. Kennedy was killed with a firearm. Many people began to want guns to protect their own households. In 1971, federal agents from the government's Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms killed an NRA member because he had illegal weapons. In 1975, the NRA started its political lobbying group, the Institute for Legislative Action. Lobbying is when an organization sends lawyers and other people to talk to politicians so they will write laws the organization wants and talk to voters so they will elect politicians who will do what the organization wants. Around this time, the United States Supreme Court made it much easier for organizations to make campaign contributions. Politicians use campaign contribution money to pay for TV ads and posters and other ways of talking to voters. Politicians with lots of campaign contributions have an easier time winning elections. The NRA began fundraising so it could give money to politicians who promised to oppose gun control laws and let people own as many guns as they wanted to buy. Slowly, the NRA became more about politics than about gun education.

By 2020, the NRA had become one of the most powerful lobbying organizations in America. The NRA writes "report cards" on politicians and sends them to voters, giving the candidates "grades" based on how many times they voted for or against gun rights or gun control. The NRA began endorsing, or recommending, presidential candidates with Ronald Reagan in the 1980 United States presidential election.

In 2020, the United States Attorney General Letitia Jones moved to end the NRA. Jones said NRA officials had taken donated money and used it on themselves and given special contracts to their family and friends. American nonprofits are not allowed to do this. If someone donates money to a nonprofit, the nonprofit must use the money the way it promises to use it.

NRA

NRA may refer to:


Ron Dellums

Ronald Vernie "Ron" Dellums (November 24, 1935 – July 30, 2018) was an American politician. He was Oakland's forty-eighth mayor. From 1971 to 1998, he was elected to thirteen terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Northern California's 9th Congressional District.

When President Ronald Reagan vetoed Dellums' Comprehensive Anti-Apartheid Act of 1986, a Democratic-controlled House and a Republican-controlled Senate overrode Reagan's veto, the first override of a presidential foreign policy veto in the 20th century.

