Dellums died on July 30, 2018 in Washington, D.C. from prostate cancer, aged 82.


Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act

The Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (), often referred to as the Brady Act and commonly called the Brady Bill, is an Act of the United States Congress that made background checks on firearm purchasers in the United States required and created a five-day waiting period on purchases.

The original legislation was introduced into the House of Representatives by Representative Charles E. Schumer in March 1991, but was never brought to a vote. The bill was reintroduced by Rep. Schumer on February 22, 1993 and the final version was passed on November 11, 1993. 

It was signed into law by President Bill Clinton on November 30, 1993 and the law went into effect on February 28, 1994. The Act was named after James Brady, who was shot by John Hinckley, Jr. during an attempted assassination of President Ronald Reagan on March 30, 1981.

Iraq Resolution

The Iraq Resolution or the Iraq War Resolution (formally the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002, is a joint resolution passed by the United States Congress in October 2002 as Public Law No: 107-243, authorizing military action against Iraq.

Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Terrorists

The Authorization for Use of Military Force allows the use of United States Armed Forces against those responsible for the attacks on September 11, 2001. 

The authorization granted the President the authority to use all "necessary and appropriate force" against those whom he determined "planned, authorized, committed or aided" the September 11th attacks, or who harbored said persons or groups. The AUMF was signed by President George W. Bush on September 18, 2001. 

Public Policy Polling

Public Policy Polling (PPP) is a U.S. polling firm based in Raleigh, North Carolina. PPP was founded in 2001 by businessman Dean Debnam, the firm's current president and chief executive officer.

Nicholas Parsons

Christopher Nicholas Parsons (10 October 1923 – 28 January 2020) was an English radio and television presenter and actor. He was best known for hosting "Just a Minute" which ran from 22 December 1967 to 23 September 2019 and "Sale of the Century" which ran from 9 October 1971 to 6 November 1983.

Parsons was born on 10 October 1923 in Grantham, Lincolnshire. 

Parsons was Rector of the University of St Andrews from 1988 to 1991.

In 2014, he was awarded the CBE 10 years after being awarded the OBE.

In August 2019, Parsons had suffered a fall and was hospitalized in Aylesbury. He died from problems caused by the fall on 28 January 2020 at the Stoke Mandeville Hospital in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire. He was 96, 9 months short of his 97th birthday.

He leaves behind a widow, Annie and 2 children.

Income inequality in the United States

Income inequality in the United States has increased significantly since the 1970s after several decades of stability, meaning the share of the nation's income received by higher income households has increased. Sometimes this is called a "pay gap". Usually males are paid higher than females which has caused protest.

Campaign finance reform in the United States


Civil liberties

Civil liberties are personal guarantees and freedoms that the government cannot have too much control of a single person's life, either by law or by judicial interpretation.

Civil liberties include the freedom from torture, freedom from forced disappearance, freedom of conscience, freedom of press, freedom of religion, freedom of expression, freedom of assembly, the right to security and liberty, freedom of speech, the right to privacy, the right to equal treatment under the law and due process, the right to a fair trial, and the right to life.


Mass surveillance in the United States

The practice of mass surveillance in the United States dates back to wartime monitoring and censorship of international communications from, to, or which passed through the United States. 

After the First World War and the Second World War, the surveillance continued, by programs such as the Black Chamber and Project SHAMROCK. The formation and growth of federal law-enforcement and intelligence agencies such as the FBI, CIA, and NSA helped surveillance, such as the COINTELPRO projects which currently exist in secret. 

A series of media reports in 2013 revealed more recent programs and techniques employed by the US intelligence community. Advances in computer and information technology allow the creation of huge national databases that facilitate mass surveillance in the United States.

Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010

The Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010 was passed by the United States Congress on December 16, 2010 and signed into law by President Barack Obama on December 17, 2010. It helped cut taxes and create more jobs for the United States.

Rudy Gobert

Rudy Gobert (born June 26, 1992) is a French professional basketball player. He plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA). 

He also plays on the French national basketball team in the international competitions.

On March 11, 2020, it was discovered that Gobert tested positive for the Coronavirus disease 2019.

Kratos (God of War)

Kratos, the "Ghost of Sparta", is a video game character from Sony Santa Monica Studio's God of War series, which is loosely based on Greek mythology. Kratos first appeared in the 2005 video game God of War, which led to the development of six additional games featuring the character as the protagonist. Kratos also appears as the protagonist of the God of War comic series and novels. He has been consistently voiced by Terrence C. Carson, and Antony Del Rio voiced the character as a child in God of War: Ghost of Sparta. Christopher Judge was Kratos' voice actor in God of War (2018) and . Kratos is depicted as a Spartan warrior in Ancient Greece and son of Zeus (thus making him a demigod) who, after being manipulated into killing his own family by the war god Ares, goes on a crusade in search of revenge. 

Bnin, Kórnik

Bnin [bnin] () is part of the town of Kórnik, southwest of the city of Poznań, in Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland. It is between Lake Kórnickie and Lake Bnińskie. From 1395-1934, Bnin was a town in its own right. It became part of Kórnik in 1961.

Chałupy

Chałupy (Kashubian: Chalëpë, German: Ceynowa) is a village and a popular Polish seaside resort, in Gmina Władysławowo. It has very good conditions for windsurfing and kitesurfing. It is between Władysławowo and Kuźnica on the Hel Peninsula on the southern Baltic Sea in Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It had 376 inhabitants as of 2009.

Prior to January 1, 2015, Chałupy was a part of the town Władysławowo.

Christopher Browning

Christopher Robert Browning (born May 22, 1944) is an American historian of the Holocaust. Browning received his bachelor's degree from Oberlin College in 1968. He received his doctorate from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1975. He taught at Pacific Lutheran University from 1974 to 1999, eventually becoming a Distinguished Professor. In 1999, he moved to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill to accept an appointment as Frank Porter Graham Professor of History. Browning was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2006. Browning retired from teaching in the spring of 2014.

<br>

1. FFC Turbine Potsdam

1. FFC Turbine Potsdam is a German women's association football club from Potsdam, Germany. The club plays in the Frauen-Bundesliga and is one of the most successful teams in Germany.

The club was made in 1971 in East Germany. The club was one of the most successful teams in East Germany. The club also is the only team from East Germany to have won the Frauen-Bundesliga. The team has also won the UEFA Women's Champions League twice.


The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest

The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest is an American animated action-adventure television series. It is produced by Hanna-Barbera. It was broadcast on Cartoon Network from August 26, 1996 to April 16, 1997. It was a continuation of the "Jonny Quest" (1964) series. It features teenage adventurers Jonny Quest, Hadji Singh, and Jessie Bannon. They, Dr. Benton Quest, and bodyguard Race Bannon investigate strange phenomena, legends, and mysteries. Action also takes place in the virtual realm of QuestWorld, a three-dimensional cyberspace domain rendered with computer animation.

Laura, Saskatchewan

Laura is a hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Montrose No. 315, Saskatchewan, Canada. It previously held the status of village until December 31, 1954 and again at an unknown date but was restructured back to hamlet status on December 28, 1978. The town used to have a bank, a school and a grain elevator. Now, no businesses are left. Even the post office closed. The grain elevator was burned down by its owner. Except for a few people who still live there, it is a now ghost town.

Chester, Maine

Chester is a town in Penobscot County, Maine,United States. The population was 549 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Bangor Metropolitan Statistical Area.

James C. Weaver

James C. Weaver (March 5, 1945 – July 2, 2015) was an American college athletics administrator and former American football player and coach. He most recently served as the athletics director at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, from 1997 to 2014.

Weaver was born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He died of Parkinson's disease in Blacksburg, Virginia, aged 70.

Val Doonican

Michael Valentine Doonican (3 February 1927 – 1 July 2015) was an Irish singer and television presenter. He sang traditional pop music and swing. Doonican was born in Waterford, Irish Free State.

He was well known for his novelty stylised songs. His career began in 1951.From 1965 to 1986 he was a regular fixture on the BBC Television's schedule with "The Val Doonican Show", which featured his own singing performances and a variety of guest artists. He retired in 2009.

Doonican died at a nursing home in Buckinghamshire, England, at the age of 88.


Jim Webb 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Jim Webb was officially launched when Webb, United States Senator from Virginia and former Secretary of the Navy, announced his candidacy for the Democratic Party's nomination for President of the United States in 2016 on July 2, 2015. The headquarters of the campaign is in Burke, Virginia.

On November 19, 2014, Webb announced the formation of an exploratory committee in preparation for a possible bid for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination. He reaffirmed his moderate stances as a strength to a potential candidacy, including some criticisms of the Affordable Care Act despite having voted for it, and emphasized his belief that the Democratic Party had been neglecting the "white, working-class" vote in favor of pandering to minorities.

Webb formally announced his candidacy on July 2, 2015 via his campaign website. He suspended his campaign and withdrew from the election on October 20, 2015.

Jacobo Zabludovsky

Jacobo Zabludovsky Kraveski (May 24, 1928 – July 2, 2015) was a Mexican journalist. He was the first anchorman in Mexican television and his TV news program, "24 Horas" ("24 Hours") was for decades the most important in the country.

Zabludovsky died of a stroke in Mexico City, aged 87.


How to Eat Fried Worms (movie)

How to Eat Fried Worms is an American comedy movie. It was based on the children's book of the same name written by Thomas Rockwell. Parents were warned the movie was "gross" but had a worthwhile moral. The movie was rated PG. They also hard to eat worms

The movie centers around an 11-year-old male friends dare. Billy Forrester has to eat 15 worms in 15 days for $50.

Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a mild 61%. They said only 47% of audiences liked the movie. Gregory Kirschling of Entertainment Weekly gave it a score of 75. He commented "Worms goes light (but not too light) on the gore and the goo." Joanne Kaufman of The Wall Street Journal said "After the first bit of fish bait is consumed, actually even before, this one-trick movie is a tough slog."


Poncarale

Poncarale is a city in northern Italy. Poncarale is in the Lombardy Region. It is in the Province of Brescia and has 5,330 people.

Czesław Olech

Czesław Olech (May 22, 1931 – July 1, 2015) was a Polish mathematician. He was a representative of the Kraków school of mathematics, especially the differential equations school of Tadeusz Ważewski.


Charlie Sanders

Charles Alvin Sanders (August 25, 1946 – July 2, 2015) was an American football player. He played tight end for the Detroit Lions from 1968 to 1977. Sanders was voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2007. He was born in Richlands, North Carolina.

Sanders died on July 2, 2015 from cancer in Detroit, Michigan, aged 68.

Phil Walsh (Australian footballer)

Phillip "Phil" Walsh (15 March 1960 – 3 July 2015) was an Australian rules footballer and coach. He played for Collingwood, Richmond and the Brisbane Bears in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s. He also had assistant coaching roles at Geelong, West Coast, and Port Adelaide. He was later the head coach of the Adelaide Football Club for the 2015 season. He was born in Hamilton, Victoria.

Walsh was stabbed to death on 3 July 2015 in Somerton Park, South Australia. He was 55. His son was arrested for the murder.

Duct

In anatomy and physiology, a duct is a tube leading from an exocrine gland or organ. It usually carries the gland's product to where it is used. An example is the vas deferens, which carries sperm to the ejaculatory ducts. Another example is tear ducts, which carry tears to the eye.

Ducts are lined by pavement-type endothelial cells. Outside the endothelium in blood and lymphatic vessels is a layer with no cells called the basement membrane. Outside that are the smooth muscle cells. The smooth muscle squeezes the contents along.

Smooth muscle

Smooth muscle is muscle inside the body and not attached to bones. It is not under conscious control. Its function is to help the inner workings of the body.

Smooth muscle is found in the walls of blood vessels, vessels of the lymphatic system, the urinary bladder, uterus, male and female reproductive tracts, gastrointestinal tract, respiratory tract, most ducts, and a number of other places such as the iris.

The smooth muscle looks different from the skeletal muscle, and works differently. It can squeeze slowly, and move in waves along a duct. Most types of smooth muscle squeeze gently for a long time, and use little energy. Some smooth muscle squeezes quickly and relaxes in phases.

Sergio Basso

Sergio Basso (Milan, June 11, 1975)  is an Italian movie director, writer and scriptwriter.

Sergio Basso’s passion for cinema dates back to his high school years. He spent several years in China. Beginning in 1996 he studied oriental art. Basso graduated from the University of Venice in 1999 with a degree in oriental languages. He also received a degree in Classics at the University of Milan in 2011. He graduated from Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia in Rome in 2006. He is a member of the 'European Documentary Network Association'. He has attended seminars at the GITIS Moscow Theatre School.

Basso began working in theater as a director for the Teatraz company. He then moved on to the movie industry. Basso spent two years as an assistant director on the set of Italian director Gianni Amelio’s" The Missing Star". He directed a number of documentaries. Some of these were presented at the Festivals of Nyon, Annecy, Turin and San Francisco.

In 2013, Basso directed the movie "Amori elementari". It was released in movie theaters across Italy, Switzerland, Russia and Canada. The movie was premiered at the 36th Moscow International Film Festival. It also was shown at the 65th Giffoni Film Festival, the Rio International Film Festival, and at the 'Ostrajenie Film Festival in Moscow. It won the Grand Prix for Best Children Movie in Moscow. 

In 2014, Basso directed a documentary on China’s Han dynasty. It was commissioned by the Chinese state television network CCTV-6.

Basso created one of the first Italian cross-media platforms, the documentary Giallo a Milano. It has new stories and characters that had first appeared in the documentary film of the same name. He has been collaborating with Italy’s national public broadcasting company RAI. He has made several cartoons for them. Per l'animazione di uno dei personaggi di "Giallo a Milano" vince Il Festival Internazionale d'Animazione Annecy nel 2010. Si occupa anche di cinematografia d'impresa, realizzando cortometraggi e reportage per Telecom, Save the Children, ONU, il museo MAXXI di Roma, De Agostini Editore. In 2010, Basso won the International Festival of Animation Annecy. This was for his animation work for one of the characters of "Giallo a Milano". He has also made commercials. He has worked on campaigns for Telecom, Save the Children, the United Nations. He has also worked for the museum MAXXI Roma, and De Agostini Editore.





Slavko Avsenik

Slavko Avsenik (November 26, 1929 – July 2, 2015) was a Slovene composer and musician. Since 1953, Avsenik produced more than 1,000 songs and enjoyed success both in Slovenia and in other parts of Europe and America. He was viewed as a Slovenian cultural icon.


György Szabad

György Szabad (4 August 1924 – 3 July 2015) was a Hungarian politician and historian. He was the Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary between 1990 and 1994. He was a member of the Batthyány Society of Professors. He was born in Arad, Romania.

Szabad died in Budapest, Hungary, aged 90.

Bronchopneumonia

Bronchopneumonia or bronchial pneumonia or Bronchogenic pneumonia is the acute inflammation of the walls of the bronchioles. It is a type of pneumonia which affects one or more pulmonary lobules. It is one of two types of bacterial pneumonia, the other being "lobar pneumonia".

Brigham City, Utah

Brigham City is a city in Box Elder County, Utah, United States. The population was 19,650 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Box Elder County.


Charles Mound

Charles Mound is a gentle, high hill in northern Jo Daviess County, Illinois, near the small town of Scales Mound and northeast of Galena. It is the highest point of the state.

Elijah Charles, the namesake of the mound, was one of the region's first permanent settlers, arrived in 1828 and settled at the base of the mound.

Florac

Florac is a former French commune, a "subprefecture" of the Lozère department, in the Occitanie region. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Florac. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Florac Trois Rivières.

The inhabitants of this city are known, in French, as "Floracois" (women: "Floracoises").

Florac is in the valley of the Tarnon river, a small river that flows through the Lozère department before joining the Tarn river. The "commune" is found at the start of the Gorges du Tarn (a canyon formed by the Tarn river).

The city and the Tarnon valley are within the Cévennes National Park but they are not part of the park.

The "commune" of Florac has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" is surrounded by the "communes" Quézac, Bédouès, La Salle-Prunet, Saint-Laurent-de-Trèves, Vebron and Montbrun.

The climate in Prades in the Köppen climate classification is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

With a population of 1,958, its population density is of inhabitants/km.

Florac is the third smallest subprefecture of France, after Castellane in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department (1,557 inhabitants) and Largentière in the Ardèche department (1,789 inhabitants).

Prades is twinned with:



Marianne Verville

Marianne Verville (born 28 May 1994) is an actress from Saint-Lambert, Quebec. She is Pierre Verville's daughter.

She is known for her role as "Aurélie Laflamme" in the movie adaptations of the novels, "Le Journal d'Aurélie Laflamme", by India Desjardins. She has also participated with her father in an advertisement for Le Lait. She played the role of Violette in Mauvais Karma show at Radio-Canada.




Chile national cricket team

Chilean cricket team is the national cricket team of Chile. The team played their first test match against Argentina in 1893.



Chile men's national water polo team

Chile men's national water polo team represents Chile in international men's water polo competitions.



Chile men's national volleyball team

Chile men's national volleyball team represents Chile in international men's volleyball competitions.



Epoxy

Epoxy is the end product of epoxy resins.

It is also a common name for the epoxide functional group, and a common name for a type of strong adhesive used for sticking things together. Typically, two resins need to be mixed together before use. 

Epoxy resins are a class of reactive polymers which contain epoxide groups. Their co-reactants are often called 'hardeners' or 'curatives', and the cross-linking reaction is referred to as 'curing'. The reaction forms a thermosetting polymer, often with strong mechanical properties as well as high temperature and chemical resistance. Epoxy has a wide range of industrial applications.


Dudley Dudley

Dudley Webster Dudley (born Dudley Webster; August 4, 1936) is a political activist in the American state of New Hampshire. Dudley was born in Exeter, New Hampshire. Dudley is known for her legislation that stopped Aristotle Onassis from building an oil refinery in Durham, New Hampshire in 1974. 

In 1976, Dudley became the first woman elected to the New Hampshire Executive Council. She served for four terms. In 1984, she won the Democratic primary to represent New Hampshire’s first Congressional District. She was defeated by Republican Bob Smith. Dudley has served as a trustee of the University of New Hampshire. She served on the board of directors for the UNH Alumni Association. 

Dudley inherited her first name from her grandmother’s maiden name. She was married to Portsmouth attorney Thomas Dudley. This is how she got her last name, Dudley.

Patricia Marmont

Patricia Marmont (born 9 August 1921) is an American actress. She is the daughter of Percy Marmont and was married to Nigel Green. She is known for her role as Andromache in the 1956 movie "Helen of Troy".

Cheri Oteri

Cheri Oteri (born Cheryl Ann Oteri; September 19, 1962) is an American comic actress. She is best known for her roles as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" from 1995 to 2000. notable voice roles in some animation studio companies such as Nickelodeon from "The Fairly OddParents" and "Bunsen is a Beast", Disney from "Hercules The Animated Series", "Big City Greens" and "The 7D", Cartoon Network Studios from "Dexter's Lab" reboot, "Close Enough", etc., Lionsgate Television from "Nutri Ventures", PBS, ABC, Warner Bros. Animation, Netflix Animation, MGM, Universal Animation Studios, DreamWorks Animation, etc. 


Kenan Thompson

Kenan Stacy Thompson (born May 10, 1978) is an American actor and comedian. He is known for his work as a cast member of NBC's "Saturday Night Live" (2003-present). He is the show's longest running cast member, as he is currently in his 20th season.


Kate McKinnon

Kate McKinnon Berthold (born January 6, 1984), commonly known as Kate McKinnon, is an American actress, voice actress, and comedian. She is best known for her sketch comedy work as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" (2012-2022) and "The Big Gay Sketch Show".

McKinnon is known for her impersonations of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Ellen DeGeneres, Justin Bieber, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Chancellor Angela Merkel, Trump advisor Kellyanne Conway, Mayor Rudy Giuliani, U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos and Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.

McKinnon is "SNL" first openly lesbian cast member. 

Jim Lehrer

James Charles "Jim" Lehrer (;born May 19, 1934 – January 23, 2020) was an American journalist and novelist.

Lehrer was born in Wichita, Kansas. He was the executive editor and a former news anchor for the "PBS NewsHour" on PBS. Lehrer was also known for his role as a debate moderator in U.S. presidential election campaigns. He was an author of a number of fiction and nonfiction books. 

From 1960 until his death, he was married to novelist Kate Staples. They had three children.

Lehrer died at his home in Washington, D.C. on January 23, 2020 from a heart attack at age 85.

Lehrer has received two Emmy Awards, the Fred Friendly First Amendment Award and the George Foster Peabody Award. He has received the William Allen White Foundation Award for Journalistic Merit and the University of Missouri School of Journalism's Honor Medal. Lehrer was honored in 1999 with the National Humanities Medal. It was given by President Bill Clinton and First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton. He has been inducted into the Television Hall of Fame and is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Lehrer has received honorary degrees from 42 universities and colleges.

Cecily Strong

Cecily Strong (born February 8, 1984) is an American actress, voice actress, and comedian. She is former a cast member of "Saturday Night Live", joining the show in 2012, and left in December 2022.

Michael Che

Michael Che (born Michael Che Campbell; May 19, 1983) is an American comedian, writer, and actor. He was briefly a correspondent for "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart", and has previously worked as a writer for "Saturday Night Live". At the end of September 2014, he became a "Weekend Update" co-anchor for the 40th season of "Saturday Night Live", alongside Colin Jost.

Colin Jost

Colin Kelly Jost (born June 29, 1982) is an American comedian and screenwriter. He is the head writer for the television program "Saturday Night Live". In 2014, Jost became a cast member and became the co-anchor of "Weekend Update" alongside Michael Che.

Jacques Sernas

Jacques Sernas (; sometimes credited as Jack Sernas; 30 July 1925 – 3 July 2015) was a Lithuanian-born French actor with an international movie career. He was known for his roles in "Lost Youth", "Helen of Troy", "The Dirty Game", and in "Midas Run".

Nedelcho Beronov

Nedelcho Krumov Beronov () (22 July 1928 – 4 July 2015) was a Bulgarian jurist, right-wing politician and Constitutional Court chairman. He was a presidential candidate in the 2006 presidential elections.


PBS NewsHour

The PBS NewsHour is an American evening television news program that is broadcast seven nights a week on more than 300 PBS stations.

The weekday program is one hour-long. It is co-anchored by Gwen Ifill and Judy Woodruff. They are the only two women leading a national nightly news program on broadcast currentlly. It is produced by WETA-TV. It is the flagship public media station for Washington, D.C.. The PBS NewsHour Weekend is 30 minutes long. It is anchored by Hari Sreenivasan and produced by New York PBS member station WNET. As the nation's first hour-long broadcast of nightly news, the PBS NewsHour is known for its in-depth coverage of issues and current events.

<br>

Diana Douglas

Diana Love Dill (January 22, 1923 – July 3, 2015) was a Bermudian-born American actress who was professionally known as Diana Douglas.

Dill was known for her marriage to Kirk Douglas which lasted from 1943 until their divorce in 1951. She was the mother of actors Michael and Joel Douglas. 

Douglas was born Diana Love Dill in the Devonshire Parish in Bermuda to a British father who was a colonel and an American mother. 

Douglas began her career as an actress in 1942. Since then, she has appeared in over 50 movies. Some of her well-known roles were as Susan Rogers in the 1955 movie "The Indian Fighter" (co-starring Kirk Douglas) and as Peg in the 1987 comedy movie "Planes, Trains and Automobiles". She was also known for her recurring role as Martha Evans on "Days of Our Lives" (1977-1979, 1982). 

She appeared in "It Runs in the Family" with her son Michael and her ex-husband Kirk. She retired in 2008.

Douglas died on July 3, 2015 from cancer at her home in Woodland Hills, California, aged 92.


Darrell Hammond

Darrell Clayton Hammond (born October 8, 1955) is an American actor, stand-up comedian and impressionist. He was a regular on "Saturday Night Live" from 1995 until 2009, the longest term of any cast member in the show's history, until his record was passed by Kenan Thompson in 2017.

In 2014, he became the official announcer of SNL after the death of Don Pardo. He is known for playing Bill Clinton, Colonel Sanders, Sean Connery, and Donald Trump.


Pontiac Montana

The Pontiac Montana was a minivan sold by the Pontiac Motor Division of General Motors. Before the 1999 model year, it was known as The Pontiac Trans Sport. Since 1997, its most popular trim package had been the 'Montana sport package'. It gave the minivan more SUV-like features. In 1999 Pontiac changed the name of the car line to the 'Pontiac Montana'. Pontiac wanted to change to a more sporty performance image. But the change put it in direct competition with the Oldsmobile Silhouette and the Chevrolet Venture. For 2005, the van was redesigned. It had a higher, less aerodynamic nose to resemble an SUV. The Montana name was changed to Montana SV6 in 2006. 
No more improvements were made to the Montana models after the 2005 model year. Pontiac stopped selling them after the 2006 model year in the United States. They continued to be sold in Canada and Mexico until the 2009 model year. GM discontinued the Pontiac division after the 2010 model year. The Pontiac minivans were General Motors' most popular minivans in Canada. The Doraville, Georgia assembly plant which produced the Montana closed on September 26, 2009. The Montana was replaced by GM's Lambda crossover SUVS . Strangely it wasn't replaced by a Pontiac version of the crossovers.








A on the 1997-2004 Montana resulted in criticism because of severe damage at the speed of 40 mph (64 km/h). The minivan received a "Poor" Rating by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS) some comments made by the IIHS where


<br>

University Fermín Toro

The University Fermín Toro (UFT) is a private university. It is in Cabudare, Lara, Venezuela It was founded on 9 May 1989 according to the decree Number 168 of the National Executive. The Founder was Dr. Raúl Quero Silva, President of the Upper Council of the institution and of the Educational Complex "Antonio José of Sucre". The institution started in Cabudare, but also has campuses in Barquisimeto. The university has a library, bookshop, a clinic and computer laboratory. Students have email and access to the Internet. 






Wells, Maine

Wells is a town in Maine. Rapper Spose grew up in Wells. Wells Beach is in Wells.

History of Florida

The history of Florida began when the first Native Americans came to live in the peninsula about 14,000 years ago. They left behind artifacts and archeological evidence. 

Written history begins with the arrival of Europeans to Florida. In 1513, the Spanish explorer Juan Ponce de León kept the first records. Florida was the first part of the United States to be settled by Europeans. 

St. Augustine, Florida is the oldest continually occupied settlement in the United States. From 1565, it was founded by European and African-American settlers. But the site is even older as St. Augustine was built where there had been an ancient Native American village. 

In 1763, to settle the Seven Years' War, Spain gave Florida to the British Empire in return for the British giving back Cuba. Britain divided Florida into East Florida and West Florida, but gave it back to Spain in 1783 to settle the American Revolutionary War. Escaped slaves and other illegal immigrants settled there. Revolts against Spanish authority, military invasions and other problems led Spain to give the Floridas to the United States. West Florida is now mostly in the states of Mississippi and Alabama; East Florida with some of West Florida became the modern state of Florida. 

Cape flower region

The Cape flower region is a nature area near the south end of South Africa. 

The region is the smallest of the six "flower kingdoms" of the world, as recognised by Ronald Good. Its formal title is the Cape (South Africa) Floristic Region.

The region has very high diversity. Many kinds of plants are found there. Most of them are unique. There are more than 9,000 vascular plant species. Sixty-nine of them are found only there. 

Much of this diversity is because of the fynbos, a Mediterranean-type shrubland that can easily be destroyed by wildfires. The economic worth of the fynbos area may be about R77 million a year from harvests of products (like wildflowers) and from eco-tourism. The Cape flower region has both economic and biological value. It is a good place to look for many kinds of plants, insects, small animals and other creatures in nature.


Gornji Karin

Gornji Karin is a seaside resort in Croatia, Zadar County, which is located on the coast of Karin sea (Bay of the Adriatic Sea). Administratively belongs to the town of Obrovac, which is 25 km away. Gornji Karin has about 1,125 inhabitants (2011). 

Gornji Karin has several attractions. The main attraction is the spacious beach with palm and olive trees. At sea there are the water sports (water trampoline, water bicycles, etc.). For families with children there are also roundabouts near the beach. The village has several restaurants, cafes and bars.

50 km west is one of the most popular tourist destinations of Croatia - Zadar. 70 km southeast there is another attractive tourist town of . Near Gornji Karin there is a canyon of rivers Krka and Zrmanja rivers and waterfalls Bijela, natural mud and Velebit Nature Park.

Laika &amp; the Cosmonauts

Laika & the Cosmonauts were a Finnish rock band. They were named for the Soviet Union space dog, Laika.

The band's genre was surf rock. A "Boston Globe" reviewer said their sound was "far beyond the limitations of any specific genre." They played mostly Finnish "rautalanka" (instrumental traditional) music. 

Laika & the Cosmonauts were not well known in the United States. They were well-liked by many musicians. These include Mike Campbell and Benmont Tench of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Mike Palm of the band, Agent Orange, and an early surf rock musician, Dick Dale. Al Jourgensen of Ministry said they are "the best f**king band in the world." 

The band began in 1987. They still had the same members when they stopped making records in 2008. They toured the United States and Europe several times. The band also played several times on European television.

Laika & the Cosmonauts said in an email on April 23, 2008, that they were quitting after a twenty-year career. They ended with an American tour. The last shows were at the Continental Club in Austin, Texas in the autumn of 2008. A compilation album, "Cosmopolis", was released at the same time as the tour.


Jessie (2011 TV series)

Jessie is an American sitcom that originally aired on Disney Channel from September 30, 2011 to October 16, 2015. The series was created and executive produced by Pamela Eells O'Connell. It stars Debby Ryan, Peyton List, Cameron Boyce, Karan Brar, Skai Jackson and Kevin Chamberlin. In 2013, an Indian adaption of the show was made and it was called Oye Jassie.

The series follows Jessie Prescott, a young woman from a small town in Texas. She has big dreams. She moves to New York City to be an actress. She becomes a nanny for the Ross kids: Emma, Luke, Ravi and Zuri. They live in a multi-million dollar penthouse on the Upper West Side. With Bertram the butler, Tony the doorman, and the Ross kids, she has a lot of adventures.

The show went straight to series. There was no pilot. The show is taped at Hollywood Centre Studios in Los Angeles. Season 4 began production in the summer of 2014 and ended in March 2015.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>



Red kite

The red kite ("Milvus milvus") is a medium-large bird of prey in the family Accipitridae. This family also has other raptors such as eagles, buzzards, and harriers.

The species is found all over Europe and northwest Africa. It is resident in the milder parts of its range in western Europe and northwest Africa, but birds from northeastern and central Europe winter further south and west, reaching south to Turkey.

Red kites eat small mammals and carrion. They were wiped out in most of Britain, except for a few in south Wales. Farmers killed them, and so did the DDT picked up from their prey. They have made a big come-back in England and Scotland after they were recently re-introduced.

A sighting of the first red kite in London for 150 years was reported in "The Independent" newspaper in January 2006. In June 2006, the UK-based Northern Kites Project reported that kites had bred in the Derwent Valley, Tyne and Wear for the first time since the re-introduction.

Black rat snake

The black rat snake ("Pantherophis obsoletus"), also known as the western rat snake, pilot black snake, or black snake, is a kind of snake. They can grow up to eight feet in length. They are found in North America.


Downeaster

The Downeaster is the name of the Amtrak train line in Portland, Maine. There is a cafe on board.


Zip line

A zip-line (also called a zip line, zip wire, aerial runway, aerial ropeslide, death slide or Tyrolean crossing) is a device that allows a person to slide down an inclined wire or rope. The process uses gravity to propel the user. You can be stopped by dragging your feet or by water. Often a pulley is used suspended on a cable, usually made of stainless steel. Zip-lines are often used for entertainment. Some are short and low designed for children on a playground. Zip-lines are often used as a means of getting to remote areas, such as a rainforest canopy or crossing a river. 
The zip-wire has been used as a way to get around in some mountainous countries for over 2,000 years. Since the 1700s they have been used in places like Europe, China and the Himalayas. In the Australian outback, zip-lines were occasionally used for delivering food, cigarettes or tools. They were useful for people working on the other side of an obstacle such as a gully or river. Australian soldiers have used them to bring ammunition to forward positions during wars.
During World War II the United States discovered they were behind the Russians and the Germans in using parachutes to deploy soldiers quickly. In setting up training the army decided to use drop towers with zip lines to simulate a parachute landing. It was a success and has been used since that time to train airborne forces.
Costa Rica claims to be the birthplace of modern zip-line tours. Graduate students, John Williams and Donald Perry were rock-climbers who were in Costa Rica studying botanical (plants) and entomological (insects) subjects. They used their rock climbing equipment to climb trees. When they used lines to get down or move to lower trees, other students did too. Soon tours started in Costa Rica for entertainment.
Zip-line tours are becoming popular vacation activities. Some are as short as 100 feet while others may be as long as a mile. The jungles of Costa Rica, Florida, Puerto Vallarta,and Nicaragua are popular places for those interested in experiencing zip-lines. Since 2000, the number of zip-line tours in the United States has grown to over 200. Zip-line tours are not available at places such as Santa Catalina Island, Big Bear and the San Diego Zoo in California. Prices vary for the ride. The San Diego Zoo ride costs $112 (for two lines). At the Santa Paula, California KOA the cost is $10 for an 800 foot long zip-line. At Durango Colorado there are 27 zip lines totaling . The tour lasts for five hours.

In Sun City, South Africa the Zip 2000 is one of the world's longest zip lines at over in length. The world's longest zip-line tour is "Miss Sky Canopy Tour" in Nosara, Costa Rica. It runs for and is made up of 21 runs. Taihape, New Zealand has one of the fastest zip-lines (called flying foxes locally) with speeds at over .


Florida (disambiguation)

Florida is one of the states in the United States. It might also refer to:


Kelso

Kelso is a surname.


2015 Copa América

The 2015 Copa América was a football sporting event that was organized by Confederación Sudamericana de Fútbol. It was held in Chile in 2015. 12 teams took part from many countries. Chile won their first title after beating Argentina in the final on a penalty shootout after a goalless draw.

The tournament was in 9 stadiums in 8 cities.







Bill Nye–Ken Ham debate

The debate between Bill Nye and Ken Ham on the question "Is Creation A Viable Model of Origins?" was held February 4, 2014. The event took place at the Creation Museum in Petersburg, Kentucky. Ham is the founder and chief executive officer of the Young Earth creationist (YEC) ministry Answers in Genesis (AiG). He challenged Nye, science educator. Nye is best known for hosting the 1990s television series "Bill Nye the Science Guy". This happened after Ham took exception to a YouTube video. Nye was worried that a large number of people in the US do not accept the theory of evolution. Tickets to the event sold out within minutes. The televised event drew over three million viewers. Debates such as this one have been going on since Charles Darwin published "On the Origin of Species" in 1859.

Nye stepped onto the stage in front of a hostile audience. It wasn't Nye's first time debating. Since his show on PBS ended in 1998, he has been making speaking tours at colleges and universities. He has also appeared on several cable television programs. It was Ham's home turf. Ham is the head of the museum as well as the Christian outreach organization called Answers in Genesis. He argued the Bible was the ultimate authority on natural history. During the debate, Ham talked about his model of the universe's origins. Nye cited observations from a variety of scientific fields to defend the majority scientific consensus that the Earth is approximately 4.5 billion years old.

Bill Nye said that "Creation is bad for science." Ken Ham then referred to several scientists who were young earth creationists. Ham asked Nye how he could explain the laws of logic and physics in a naturalistic worldview. Ham asked Nye for an example of something that could only have been invented from an evolutionary worldview. He also showed the difference between what's called historical science and observational science. Ham gave an example of biological adaptation. He brought up "Tiktaalik" as an example of a scientific prediction. He added, "Mr. Ham and his worldview does not have this capability". Ham claimed the mainstream scientific community has made creationists afraid to speak out. He went on to say they need "scientific freedom" to speak.
Nye offered several objections to Ham's young-earth position. He stated that ice cores and tree rings show that a young earth view is wrong. Nye also offered radiometric and carbon-14 dating to show that a young earth view is wrong. Ham disagreed; he called radioactive dating "assumptions".

Many scientists were critical of Nye for accepting Ham's invitation. They claimed his participation in the debate gave Ham's views undeserved legitimacy. Two humanist groups—the American Humanist Association and the Center for Inquiry praised Nye's decision. Scientists from both camps generally agreed that Nye won the debate. However they did not agree on how convincing the victory was. Ham later announced that the publicity from the debate helped fundraising for AiG's planned Ark Encounter theme park. It allowed the ministry to begin construction.

A related book by Bill Nye, "Undeniable: Evolution and the Science of Creation", was just released. Ken Ham released a book after the debate titled "Inside the Nye Ham debate: is Creation a viable model: revealing truths from the worldview clash of the century".


Bill Nye the Science Guy

Bill Nye the Science Guy was an American live action educational science program. It originally aired from May 10, 1993 to June 20, 1998. The program was hosted by Bill Nye. It was produced by Buena Vista Television. The show aired on PBS Kids and was also syndicated to local stations. Each of the 100 half-hour episodes aims to teach a specific topic in a natural science to a preteen audience. In 1999, the program received a public service award from the National Science Board "For its masterful presentations of the sciences to the younger generation..." The show won a total of 19 Emmy Awards during the five years it was broadcast. Nye won seven Emmys for his performing, writing and producing the program. He also has been posted on Miles Nye The Science guy YouTube page.

Lake Marion (South Carolina)

Lake Marion is the largest lake in South Carolina. It is centrally located. Parts of it are in five different counties. The lake is referred to as South Carolina's inland sea. It has a shoreline. It covers almost 110,000 acres (450 square kilometers or 173.7 square miles) of rolling farmlands, former marshes, and river valley landscape.

The Santee River was dammed in the 1940s to supply hydroelectric power. This was part of the rural electrification efforts initiated under President Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal during the Great Depression. It is one of the fifty largest lakes in the United States, whether natural or man-made reservoirs. It covers only about a third of the area of the fifteenth largest in size.

Visitors can travel from Lake Marion through the Diversion Canal to Lake Moultrie. At the end of Lake Moultrie lies the 75-foot high Pinopolis Lock which will lower boaters down to the Tailrace Canal which takes you to the Cooper River and on to Charleston.

Hungry Hungry Hippos

Hungry Hungry Hippos is a tabletop game made for 2-4 players. It is made by Hasbro subsidiary Milton Bradley. The idea for the game was published in 1967 by toy inventor Fred Kroll and it was introduced in 1978. The purpose of the game is for each player to collect as many marbles as possible with his or her 'hippo' (a toy hippo model). The game is marketed under the "Elefun and Friends" banner, along with Elefun, Mouse Trap and Gator Golf.

Muhammad Najibullah

Dr. Muhammad Najibullah Ahmadzai (; August 6, 1947 – September 27, 1996), commonly known as Najibullah or Najib, was President of Afghanistan from 1987 until 1992, when the Mujahideen took over Kabul. Killed by Talibans in 1996.

Otto Grotewohl

Otto Grotewohl (German pronunciation: [ˈɔtoː ˈɡʁoːtəvoːl]; 11 March 1894 – 23 September 1964) was an (East) German politician. He was co-chairman of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) from 1946 to 1950 (together with Wilhelm Pieck), and the first prime minister of the German Democratic Republic from 1949 until his death in 1964.

On behalf of the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany (USPD) and later the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) Grotewohl was a member of the Landtag of the Free State of Brunswick from 1920 to 1930, and also a minister of the Free State of Brunswick. He was also a member of the Reichstag from 1925 to 1933.

Trap music

Trap music is a subgenre that originated during the 1990s from Reggeaton in Puerto Rico. It is typified by its ominous lyrics and sound that incorporate double or triple-time division hi-hats, heavy kick drums from a Roland TR-808 synthesizer, layered synthesizers, and "cinematic" strings. The term "trap" initially referred to places where drug deals take place. In recent years it has been incorporated with electronic dance music by artists who have remixed and made trap songs with more Electronic-like aspects, which created the genre Trap EDM.

Forest Law

Forest Law is a tekken fighter from the video game tekken series. He was introduced in Tekken 3, and he returned for Tekken Tag Tournament and its sequel. He is the son of Marshall Law. They have the same fighting style and the same moves. Like his father, Forest is friends with Paul Phoenix.

NHL 07

NHL 07 is an ice hockey video game. It was released in September 2006. It is the sequel to "NHL 06". The game improved the series' gameplay with more realistic features. Those features included stickhandling and a wider variety of controller schemes. The majority of improvements were to the Xbox 360 version. The other versions, for the PC, Xbox and PlayStation 2 only had modest improvements.

The game was nominated for the VGX Award for Best Team Sports Game.


Private company

A privately held company is a company which is not publicly listed on a stock market and consequently cannot be openly bought or sold. Often it is owned by a family or a small group of Shareholders. Private companies are often small, but some are amongst the largest companies in the world. Many public companies started life as private companies. In the United States, private companies are held to different auditing standards than are public companies. Private companies do not have to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). This makes it harder to find financial information on private companies.

Constance Jablonski

Constance Jablonski is a French model.

In 2006, she won Elite Model Look in France. She finished her studies and started modeling two years later. In 2009, she started walking fashion shows, for example for Lanvin, Gucci and Elie Saab.

Since 2010, she is a spokesmodel for Estée Lauder. Since 2010, she also walks the runway for Victoria's Secret every year.

<br>

Rebel Heart

Rebel Heart is the thirteenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna. It was her second album to be released under Interscope Records, after her previous album, "MDNA". It was released on March 10, 2015. Rebel Heart debuted at number two on the US "Billboard" 200. It contained the singles "Living for Love" and "Bitch I'm Madonna". The second song, "Bitch I'm Madonna", features Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. American disc jockey Diplo was one of the producers of the album, along with Madonna herself.

Horneophyton

Horneophyton is a genus of early Devonian fossil land plants. Its fossils are very common in the Rhynie chert. Both the sporophyte and a female gametophyte have been found as fossils. The sporophyte was about 20 cm tall, and the gametophyte was about 6 cm tall. It is not really a vascular plant. It had vascular tissue but the cells had thin walls.

"Horneophyton" had anatomy similar to the hornworts. It is also similar to the vascular plant "Rhynia" which lived at the same time. It might therefore be a missing link between the Bryophytes like hornworts and the vascular plants like "Rhynia".


Plant anatomy

Plant anatomy or phytotomy is the study of the internal structure of plants. This is usually considered distinct from plant morphology, which is the study of the external parts of plants. Plant anatomy is usually studied with a microscope.

Rem

R.E.M. or REM are initials for these things:


Iris (plant)

Iris is a genus of 260–300 species of flowering plants with showy flowers. It takes its name from the Greek word for a rainbow. This refers to the wide variety of flower colors found among the many species. The scientific name, "iris" is also very widely used as a common name for all "Iris" species, as well as some belonging to other closely related genera. It is a member of the Iridaceae family It is a popular garden flower.

Irises are hardy plants (able to survive outside during winter) that are easy to grow. They attract butterflies and hummingbirds. Irises are a favorite cut flower. The bearded irises ("Iris germanica") is the tallest at about . Irises generally have three large sepals on the outside called "falls". They have three inner petals called "standards". Irises that are called bearded are because of soft hairs growing in the center. Irises that are called combed have a ridge of hairs in the center. A common name for some species is 'flags'. Plants of the subgenus "Scorpiris" are widely known as 'junos', particularly in horticulture. 

<br>

Chris

Chris [ kris ] is a nickname or short form of various given names. These include Christopher, Christian, Christina, Christine, and Christos. The nickname is used by both males and females. Most names Chris is based on have meanings regarding Christ. For example Christopher means "bearer of Christ". It is also a name used by individuals. Chris Columbus and Chris Penn are two well known examples. It is also a name given to tropical storms, hurricanes, trademarks such as Chris-Craft Boats and other places and things. 


<br>

Royal Institution

The Royal Institution of Great Britain (usually the Royal Institution or RI) is an organisation devoted to scientific education and research, based in London.

The Royal Institution was founded in 1799 by the leading British scientists of the age, including Henry Cavendish. Its purpose was to:

Directors of the R.I. have included some of the greatest scientists, including Humphrey Davy, Michael Faraday, Sir William Henry Bragg and Sir William Lawrence Bragg, Max Perutz and John Kendrew. Fifteen Directors have won Nobel Prizes.

From 1998 to 8 January 2010, the Director of the Royal Institution was Baroness Susan Greenfield, but following a review, the position was abolished for being "no longer affordable". The Royal Institution had found itself in a financial crisis following a £22m development programme led by Greenfield, which included refurbishment of the institution's main Albemarle Street building, and the addition of a restaurant and bar with an aim to turn the venue into a "Groucho club for science". The project ended £3 million in debt.

Greenfield subsequently announced that she would be suing for discrimination.
The RI's official statement stated it would "continue to deliver its main charitable objectives under the direction of chief executive officer, Chris Rofe and a talented senior team including Professor Quentin Pankhurst, the Director of the Davy Faraday Research Laboratory, Dr Gail Cardew, the Head of Programmes and Professor Frank James, Head of Collections and Heritage". Baroness Greenfield later dropped the discrimination case.

Maria Barroso

Maria de Jesus Simões Barroso Soares, (2 May 1925 – 7 July 2015) was a Portuguese politician and actress. She was the wife of former Portuguese President Mário Soares. She served as First Lady of Portugal between 1986 and 1996.

Jerry Weintraub

Jerome Charles "Jerry" Weintraub (September 26, 1937 – July 6, 2015) was an American talent agent, concert promoter, movie producer and chairman and CEO of United Artists.

Weintraub was born in Brooklyn and raised in the Bronx. For some time, Weintraub worked at MCA Records.

His career began as a talent agent in 1974. He was known for managing many singers such as John Denver, Elvis Presley, Frank Sinatra, Neil Diamond, Bob Dylan, and the rock group Led Zeppelin.

He also produced movies, including: "Nashville" (1975), "Diner" (1982), "The Karate Kid" (1984), and the 2001 remake of "Ocean's Eleven" (2001). In 2014 he won an Emmy Award as co-producer of "Years of Living Dangerously," a television documentary about global warming. In 2011, HBO broadcast a television documentary about Weintraub's life, called "His Way".

In 1965, Weintraub married Jane Morgan, who was 13 years older than Weintraub. Together, they had four children.

Weintraub died in Santa Barbara, California from a heart attack at the age of 77.


Jane Morgan

Jane Morgan (born May 3, 1924) is an American popular music singer. Morgan was popular in France and the UK before becoming popular in the United States. She received six gold records and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. She retired in 1973.

Morgan married movie producer and talent agent, Jerry Weintraub in 1965. They had four children. Weintraub died in 2015. 

Morgan performed for French President Charles de Gaulle. She also sang for five U.S. Presidents: John F. Kennedy, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, and George W. Bush. She toured with Jack Benny and John Raitt, and sang at the Grand Ole Opry. Two of her RCA singles hit the Billboard country charts in 1970.

Yasutaro Koide

Koide was born in Tsuruga, Japan on March 13, 1903, where he worked as a tailor, and worked in the field and was able to ride a tricycle until age 105 when he got a heatstroke and his only ambulance service, but besides that he had never been seriously ill. 

At age 107, Koide moved to Nagoya to live with his daughter. He had in total 7 children, 9 grandchildren, 14 great-grandchildren and at least one great-great-grandchild. 

At age 110, Koide could still read newspaper without glasses and eat food without dentures and said his favourite food was bread and the secret to his long life was avoiding to overdo things, and not to smoke or drink alcohol.

Koide became the world's oldest living man after the death of another Japanese man, Sakari Momoi, on 5 July 2015. In December 2015, Koide was hospitalized for chronic heart problems. He died at the hospital of pneumonia and heart failure at 0:17am on January 19, 2016. 

He was succeeded as the world's oldest living man by Yisrael Kristal and as Japan's oldest living man by Masamitsu Yoshida.

Carlo de Gavardo

Carlo Alberto de Gavardo Prohens (14 July 1969 – 4 July 2015) was a Chilean motorist and motorcyclist. He has participated in numerous rallies worldwide, including the Dakar Rally and Rallye des Pharaons. He was the first Chilean motorcyclist to run the Paris-Dakar from beginning to end.

de Gavardo died of respiratory arrest in Buin, Chile, aged 45.

Scot Breithaupt

Scot Alexander Breithaupt (July 14, 1957 – c. July 4, 2015) was an entrepreneur, "Old School" professional Motorcycle MX and Bicycle Motocross (BMX) racer and a founding father of BMX in 1970.

Breithaupt was found dead in a tent where he had been living in a vacant lot in Indio, California on July 4, 2015, aged 57.

Paul Hogan

Paul Hogan, AM (born 8 October 1940) is an Australian comedian, actor, producer. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and won a Golden Globe award for his performance as Michael "Crocodile" Dundee in ""Crocodile" Dundee" (1986).


Linda Kozlowski

Linda Kozlowski (born January 7, 1958) is an American former actress. She has been nominated for a Golden Globe Award. She is known for her role as Sue Charlton in ""Crocodile" Dundee".


Gordon Hunt

Gordon Edwynn Hunt (April 26, 1929 – December 17, 2016) was an American actor, voice actor, director of stage, movie, and voiceover and casting director.

He has directed such animated productions such as "The Jetsons", "Scooby-Doo", "Super Friends", "The Pirates of Dark Water", "Droopy, Master Detective", "Pound Puppies", "The Richie Rich Show", "The Smurfs" and many more.


Leonard Starr

Leonard Starr (October 28, 1925 – June 30, 2015) was an American cartoonist, comic book artist, and advertising artist. He was best known for creating the newspaper comic strip "On Stage" and reviving "Little Orphan Annie".


Love Me like You Do

"Love Me like You Do" is a song recorded by British recording artist Ellie Goulding. It was recorded for the movie "Fifty Shades of Grey". It reached number three on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and on the Canadian Hot 100. It was #1 on the UK Singles Chart and the charts of several other countries. The song is an electropop song. It is the fifth song on the movie's soundtrack. It was later included on Goulding's third studio album, "Delirium".

The song's music video has received over 1.7 billion views on YouTube as of March 2018.

Yung Lean

Jonatan Leandoer Håstad (born 18 July 1996) better known by his stage name Yung Lean is a Swedish rapper, singer and songwriter known for wearing bucket hats. Yung Lean released his debut (first) mixtape in 2013, titled "Unknown Death 2002". He has multiple singles on YouTube under his label Sad Boys Entertainment. These include "Ginseng Strip 2002", "Kyoto", and "Yoshi City". Lean released his debut album "Unknown Memory" during the late summer of 2014. This followed a two-month long American tour. The New York Times called him an up-and-comer in the rap world. "A 17-year-old Swedish kid can rack up millions of YouTube views and SoundCloud plays without making so much as a ripple in the mainstream hip-hop world." He seems to have made more than a ripple.

Håstad was born in Belarus. At age 3 he moved to Sweden. At first he only spoke Russian. He learned Swedish and performs in English.

Meek Mill

Robert Rahmeek Williams (born May 6, 1987), known professionally as Meek Mill is an American rapper from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was briefly signed to Atlanta-based record label Grand Hustle, owned by record executive and fellow American rapper T.I.. In February 2011, after leaving Grand Hustle, Mill signed a record deal with fellow American rapper Rick Ross' Miami-based Maybach Music Group (MMG) imprint.

Mill's debut studio album, "Dreams and Nightmares", was released in 2012, under MMG and Warner Bros. Records. The album, preceded by the single "Young & Gettin' It", debuted at number two on the US "Billboard" 200. He has also appeared on MMG's "Self Made" compilation series, with his debut single "Tupac Back" and second single "Ima Boss", being included on volume one.

In October 2012, Meek Mill announced the launching of his own imprint, Dream Chasers Records, named after his popular mixtape series. He also revealed having already signed several fellow Philadelphia-based rappers in 2012.

Developmentalism

The Developmentalism is an economic theory. It says that the best way for third world countries to develop is through a strong and varied internal market and by having high tariffs on imported goods.

Developmentalism is based on the assumptions that:



Jim Gilmore

James Stuart "Jim" Gilmore III (born October 6, 1949) is an American politician. He was the United States Ambassador to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe from July 2019 until January 2021. He was the 68th Governor of Virginia from 1998 to 2002. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Gilmore ran for President of the United States in 2008, but lost the primaries to John McCain. Gilmore announced his launch for his 2016 United States presidential campaign on July 30, 2015. He withdrew after poor polling numbers on February 12, 2016.

In November 2018, Gilmore was nominated by President Donald Trump to serve as the U.S. Representative to United States Mission to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe. His nomination was confirmed by a voice vote of the U.S. Senate on May 23, 2019.

Gilmore was born in Richmond, Virginia. His parents were Margaret Evelyn (née Kandle), a church secretary, and James Stuart Gilmore, Jr., a grocery store meat cutter. He graduated from John Randolph Tucker High School and received an undergraduate degree from the University of Virginia in 1971.

Gilmore was elected Commonwealth's Attorney of his native Henrico County in 1987 and 1991, and then was first elected to statewide office in 1993 as Virginia's Attorney General. Gilmore resigned in 1997 to run for Governor, also joining the law firm of LeClairRyan as a partner.

Gilmore was elected Governor of Virginia in 1997, winning 56% of the vote to Beyer's 43%. He was inaugurated on January 17, 1998.

In his first year as Governor, Gilmore pushed for car tax reduction legislation that was eventually passed by the Democratic-controlled General Assembly. Gilmore signed an executive order reducing state spending by all agencies, except for education, to keep the state's budget balanced during the economic downturn.

In 1999, Gilmore proposed and signed into law legislation that reduced tuitions at public colleges and universities by 20%. Gilmore created the nation's first state Secretary of Technology. As Governor, Gilmore signed into law legislation establishing a 24-hour waiting period and informed consent for women seeking an abortion, as well as a ban against partial birth abortion.

The Virginia Constitution forbids any Governor from serving consecutive terms, so Gilmore could not run for a second term in 2001. He was succeeded by Democrat Mark Warner, who took office in early 2002.

In the November election, Gilmore was defeated, winning only 34 percent of the vote to Warner's 65 percent. Gilmore only carried four counties in the state – Rockingham, Augusta, Powhatan and Hanover. In many cases, he lost in many areas of the state that are normally reliably Republican.

On December 19, 2006, Gilmore announced he would form an exploratory committee to "fill the conservative void" in the race. On January 9, 2007, Gilmore officially filed papers with the Federal Election Commission to form the Jim Gilmore for President Exploratory Committee.

On July 14, 2007, Gilmore announced that he was ending his campaign. Gilmore said that it would be "impractical" to run, citing the difficulty of raising enough money to be competitive in early-voting states of Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina.

Gilmore announced that he would run for president in his second presidential campaign for the 2016 presidential election on July 30, 2015. His campaign was headquartered in Henrico, Virginia. He withdrew after the New Hampshire primary due to poor debate and polling performances on February 12, 2016.

Gilmore was considered for the position of United States Ambassador to Germany by the Trump Administration, but ultimately not chosen. In November 2018, Gilmore was nominated as the next U.S. Representative to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe with the rank of ambassador. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on May 23, 2019. He was sworn-in on July 2, 2019.

Gilmore has been married to Roxane Gatling since 1977. Together, they have two sons.


Volga Germans

Volga Germans ( or "Russlanddeutsche", , "povolzhskie nemtsy") were ethnic Germans living along the Volga River. They kept the culture, language, traditions and religions of Germans, including Lutheranism and Roman Catholicism.

Catherine the Great invited Germans to immigrate. She gave them Russian lands, and allowed them to keep their language and culture.

The Autonomous Socialist Soviet Republic of the Volga Germans (; ) existed from 1924 to 1942 with the capital in Engels.

Germans from Russia also settled in Argentina, Paraguay, and Brazil. Most Volga Germans who settled in Latin America were Catholic. Many Catholic Volga Germans chose South America as their new homeland because the nations in South America shared their religion.


Bob Ehrlich

Robert Leroy "Bob" Ehrlich, Jr. (born November 25, 1957) is an American attorney and Republican politician. He served as the 60th Governor of Maryland from 2003 to 2007.


Oestrone

Oestrone is an oestrogen. It is produced by the ovaries or by adipose tissue. It can be made artificially, and is used to treat deficiency of oestrogen and breast cancer.

Cookiecutter shark

The cookiecutter shark ("Isistius brasiliensis") is a species of small dogfish shark in the family Dalatiidae. This shark, also called the cigar shark, lives in warm, oceanic waters around the world. It often lives near islands. It has been recorded as deep as .

The name "cookiecutter shark" refers to its biting. It takes round plugs, as if cut out with a cookie cutter, out of larger animals. Marks made by cookiecutter sharks have been found on many marine mammals and fishes, as well as on submarines, undersea cables, and even human bodies. 

Ágnes Osztolykán

Ágnes Osztolykán (born 3 November 1974) is a Hungarian of Roma Background, politician an activist for the Roma people. She was in the National Assembly of Hungary from 2010 to 2014. In 2011, she received International Women of Courage Award from the United States Department of State. 

Osztolykán studied at the University of Miskolc. She graduated in 1998 with a degree in political science. Then she worked for the Soros Foundation. She was head of the Decade of Roma Inclusion Program at the Ministry of Social Affairs and Labor for six years. 

She went to Parliament in 2010. She was a member of the parliamentary group of Lehet Más a Politika (LMP), or Politics Can Be Different Party. On 26 November 2012, she became deputy leader of the LMP parliamentary group.

Osztolykán is an activist for Romani children's education, Roma and minority rights, and the Roma in Hungary. She works for vocational training which helps students get jobs. She also works as a volunteer teacher at a Roma vocational school in Budapest’s poorer Eighth District.



Roza Otunbayeva

Roza Isakovna Otunbayeva (Kyrgyz and Russian: Роза Исаковна Отунбаева; born August 23, 1950) is a Kyrgyz diplomat and politician. She was President of Kyrgyzstan from April 7, 2010 until December 1, 2011. In 2011 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State. 

Otunbayeva was born in Frunze (now Bishkek), in Kyrgyzstan in the Soviet Union. She got a degree in philosophy from Moscow State University in 1972. Then she was a senior professor and head of the philosophy department at Kyrgyz State National University for six years. In 1975 she got a Candidate of Sciences degree after writing a dissertation named "Critique of falsification of Marxist-Leninist dialectic by the philosophers of Frankfurt school".

Otunbayeva is divorced and has two children. She speaks Russian, English, German, and French in addition to Kyrgyz.

In 1981, Otunbayeva became a secretary of the Lenin council of Frunze. In the late 1980s, she was the head of the Soviet delegation to UNESCO in Paris. Later she was the Soviet Ambassador to Malaysia. When Kyrgyzstan became independent, she was the Foreign Minister and Deputy Prime Minister, then she was Kyrgyzstan's first ambassador to the USA and Canada. From 1998 to 2001, she was the Kyrgyz ambassador to the United Kingdom. From 2002 to 2004, she was deputy head of the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia. On April 7, 2010, Otunbayeva became the head of a Kyrgyz interim government.


Peter Záboji

Peter (Balazs) Záboji (25 December 1943 – 3 July 2015) was a Hungarian investor and entrepreneur. He has contributed significantly to the development of start up businesses in Budapest and received the highest civil recognition from the president of Hungary.

John A. Williams

John Alfred Williams (December 5, 1925 – July 3, 2015) was an African-American author, journalist, and academic. His novel "The Man Who Cried I Am" was a bestseller in 1967.

Williams was born in Jackson, Mississippi. He studied at Syracuse University. Williams died in Paramus, New Jersey from Alzheimer's disease, aged 89.

Irwin Keyes

Irwin Keyes (March 16, 1952 – July 8, 2015) was an American actor He was known for his role as Hugo in the television series "The Jeffersons".

Keyes' family announced his death on July 8, 2015. He was 63 years old. Keyes died from acromegaly. 

Fons van Wissen

Fons van Wissen (21 March 19337 July 2015) was a Dutch football player.

He made his debut for the Netherlands in an April 1957 friendly match against Belgium and has earned a total of 30 caps, scoring 4 goals. He represented his country in 4 FIFA World Cup qualification matches.

Mitraillette

A Mitraillette (, literally "submachine gun"), is a type of food from Belgium. It might come from Brussels, but is also popular in Flanders, Wallonia and the Nord region of France, where it is also known as an ""Américain"" (literally an "American").

A typical "mitraillette" consists of:


Crudités are often included (grated carrot, fresh lettuce, tomato slices), though different in each location. Cheese and cabbage are also sometimes included.

Originally "mitraillettes" only contained a sausage or sliced meat. Different versions quickly became available. Often, dürüms are served instead in more multicultural areas.

Richard Shelby

Richard Shelby (born May 6, 1934) is an American politician. He was the United States Senator from Alabama from 1987 to 2023. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 1987. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1979 to 1987.

Shelby was born on May 6, 1934 in Birmingham, Alabama. He graduated from the University of Alabama. Shelby Hall at the University of Alabama is the largest science facility in the US. It was finished in 2004 and named for Shelby and his wife. He is married to Dr. Annette N. Shelby. They have two children.

Shelby said he would retire in 2022 and not run to be elected again. 

<br>

Mahogany

Mahogany is a hard tropical wood from the Americas. It was discovered by Europeans early in the 16th century (~1514). The wood comes from a tree, "Swietenia mahagoni". The tree is native to southern Florida and islands in the Caribbean including the Bahamas, Cuba, Jamaica, and Hispaniola.

At first, mahogany was used by the Spanish and English to build ships. 
Mark Catesby's "Natural History" explains why: 
"[Mahogany] has properties for that use excelling oak, and all other wood, viz. durableness, resisting gunshots, and burying the shot without splintering".

The second use for mahogany was to make furniture. The Spanish were first to do this, but in the 18th and early 19th century it was much used by English workshops. This period is called "Age of Mahogany". Also much furniture in mahogany was made in France and other European countries.

It has a few special characteristics that make mahogany a helpful wood. It is strong and durable but easy to bend so is especially helpful for carpenters. Mahogany trees, although endangered, grow very tall and are so may be cut into large sheets. Also, mahogany is resistant to stains.

Richard Burr

Richard Burr (born November 30, 1955) is an American politician. He was the United States Senator from North Carolina from 2005 to 2023. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1995 to 2005. Burr was the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee. He succeeded Dianne Feinstein as chairman in January 2015.

In July 2016, Burr said that he would not run for re-election in 2022.

Burr was born on November 30, 1955 in Charlottesville, Virginia. He graduated from the Wake Forest University. He is married to Brooke Fauth. They have two children.

On February 13, 2021 Burr voted that former President Donald Trump was guilty of starting the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol. He and six other Republican senators also voted that Trump was guilty. This was after the House of Representatives Second impeachment of Donald Trump. 


Judd Gregg

Judd Gregg (born February 14, 1947) is an American politician. He was a United States Senator from the state of New Hampshire. Before becoming a U.S. Senator, he was Governor of New Hampshire from 1989 to 1993.

Gregg was born on February 14, 1947 in Nashua, New Hampshire. He studied at Columbia University and at Boston University School of Law. He is married to Kathleen MacLellan Gregg. They have two children.

Mike Lamb

Michael Robert Lamb (born August 9, 1975) is an American former professional baseball third baseman and first baseman. Lamb stands and weighs .

<br>

The Highwaymen (country supergroup)

The Highwaymen were a Country music supergroup. It included four of the biggest stars at the time. All were well known for their ing influence on the outlaw country genre. These included Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Kris Kristofferson. The group was active between 1985 and 1995. All four had worked together before in various combinations. Their first single, "Highwayman," went to number one on the country charts. The album of the same name on Columbia Records also hit number one on the country album charts.

Between the years of 1997 and 1999, Nelson, Kristofferson, Cash, and Jennings also provided the voice and dramatization for the "Louis L'Amour Collection". This was a four CD box set of seven Louis L'Amour stories published by the HighBridge Company. But the four were not credited as "The Highwaymen" in this work. Only one other recording artist ever appeared on a Highwaymen recording: Johnny Rodriguez. He provided a Spanish vocal on 'Deportee', a Woody Guthrie song, from "Highwayman".

James Tate (writer)

James Vincent Tate (December 8, 1943 – July 8, 2015) was an American poet whose work earned him the Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Award. He was a professor of English at the University of Massachusetts Amherst and a member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters.


Yoash Tzidon

Yoash "Chatto" Tzidon, , (November 28, 1926 – July 8, 2015) was an Israeli former Air Force commander and politician.

He joined the Movement for Greater Israel, and later the Tzomet party. He was elected to the Knesset in 1988 on the Tzomet list, and was one of the instigators of the law that led to direct elections for the Prime Minister. He lost his seat in the 1992 elections.

Saud bin Faisal

Saud bin Faisal bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (), also known as Saud Al Faisal (‎; 2 January 1940 – 9 July 2015), was a Saudi diplomat and statesman. He served as Saudi Arabia's foreign minister from 1975 to 2015.

By the time of his retirement, he was the world's longest-serving foreign minister. He was a member of the Saudi royal family.

Saud died on 9 July 2015 from complications from Parkinson's disease after going through surgery in Los Angeles, California at the age of 75.

Caspar Bowden

Caspar Bowden (died July 2015) was a privacy advocate, formerly chief privacy adviser at Microsoft. Styled as "an independent advocate for information privacy rights, and public understanding of privacy research in computer science", he was on the Tor anonymous service network board of directors.

Ken Stabler

Kenneth Michael "Ken" Stabler (December 25, 1945 – July 8, 2015), nicknamed "The Snake," was an American football quarterback in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Oakland Raiders (1970–1979), Houston Oilers (1980–1981) and New Orleans Saints (1982–1984). He played college football for the University of Alabama.


Mark Everson

Mark Whitty Everson (born September 10, 1954) is an American politician. He served as the 46th Commissioner of Internal Revenue from 2003 until 2007.

On March 5, 2015, Everson announced his intention to seek the Republican Party's nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 Presidential election. He launched his bid with a video and sixteen page open letter in which he laid out six primary issues. He withdrew from the race on November 5, 2015.

Death hoax

A death hoax is a false report of someone's death.

In some cases, it might be because the person has faked their own death on purpose. In some cases they are mistakes while in most cases, they are intentional. Hoaxes are designed to play on other people's emotions. Sometimes, a death hoax is designed to be a practical joke; however, most are to give the person starting the rumor a sense of power over their victims.

There are often consequences when the person who started the hoax is discovered. The news media has to be especially careful of hoaxes, including death hoaxes. While some people will believe anything, most people resent being tricked. However, it depends on how the story is handled: For example, a death hoax ran in Canadian papers about a hard-drinking, hard-swearing Carcross Parrot who had just died; most forgave the writers since the story was published on April Fools' Day.

Mark Twain is one of the most famous people to be the subject of a death hoax. In his case, the newspapers were just careless. This is when he uttered his famous quote, "The report of my death was an exaggeration." It has often been misquoted as "reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated". 

Absolute truth

Absolute truth is a statement that is true at all times and in all places. It is something that is always true no matter what the circumstances. It is a fact that cannot be changed. For example, there are no round squares. There are also no square circles. The angles of a triangle add up to 180 degrees. These are all true by definition. Very similar are the propositions of Euclid, because they are proved once the axioms are accepted. One way or another, these are all truths because they are logically true.

According to Martin Luther (the reformer), "I shall never be a heretic; I may err in dispute, but I do not wish to decide anything finally; on the other hand, I am not bound by the opinions of men." This means that if truth is not absolute it is not truth at all. Interestingly enough, Aristotle states that, “The high-minded man must care more for the truth than for what people think.” According to him, if we consider ourselves to be wise individuals, our concern should be to find the truth not to submit to opinions. 

"In two national surveys conducted by Barna Research, one among adults and one among teenagers, people were asked if they believe that there are moral absolutes that are unchanging or that moral truth is relative to the circumstances. By a 3-to-1 margin (64% vs. 22%) adults said truth is always relative to the person and their situation. The perspective was even more lopsided among teenagers, 83% of whom said moral truth depends on the circumstances, and only 6% of whom said moral truth is absolute." 

Absolute truths are different to empirical truths. All the findings of science are empirical: based on evidence, and even if they are true in this world they don't need to be so in all the other possible worlds; they might also be wrong or incomplete due to lack of sufficient evidence. On the other hand, absolute truths might be based on , which are true by definition of their axioms.

Deb Fischer

Deb Fischer (born March 1, 1951 in Lincoln, Nebraska) is the United States Senator from Nebraska. She is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 2013. Fischer is the senior senator from Nebraska. She was in the Nebraska Legislature from 2005 to 2013.

Fischer graduated from the University of Nebraska–Lincoln with a Bachelor of Science degree. She is married to Bruce Fischer. They have three children.


Steve Koven

Steve Koven is a Canadian Jazz pianist and member of the Steve Koven Trio. Steve Koven is a composer, performer and educator. In 1993 Steve started the Steve Koven Trio. He performs worldwide with his trio. Koven also performs solo piano concerts throughout North America, Europe and the Caribbean. After nine albums with his trio, Koven has gone solo. 

Dozens of Koven’s compositions have been licensed for national and international film and television productions. As an educator, Koven has been teaching in the Faculty of Music at York University since 2003. He teaches Contemporary Improvisation and Jazz Piano. Koven also teaches Music at Toronto's Centennial College. He holds a Masters in Music Composition. Koven has presented master classes and clinics in China, Japan, Colombia, Barbados, Bahamas and Mexico.

Steve lives in Toronto with his wife Lee-Anne.

First Peoples (TV program)

First Peoples is a 2015 television documentary about the first people on the continents of the Earth. The five-part PBS series covers each continent or group of continents one at a time. The focus is on very recent work in paleogenomics (the study of genomes from very long ago). It was produced by Wall to Wall Television. The series challenges the East African origin theory of modern man showing there were other origins in other parts of Africa.

A two-disk DVD of the documentary was made in 2015. 



Oestradiol

Oestradiol, E2, is an oestrogen, a steroidal hormone secreted by the ovaries. It is a main female hormone. Oestradiol regulates female characteristics, the maturation of female sex organs and the oestrus and menstrual cycle. It stimulates the production of mammary glands.

The serum concentrations of oestradiol and other female hormones change during the menstrual cycle. During gestation there is a high serum concentrations of oestradiol, E3. During menopause, oestrone has the higher concentration.

Oestradiol and oestrone can interchange. Oestradiol has a big effect on bone formation. Women past menopause have an accelerated loss of bone because they have less oestrogen.

Oestradiol also has some functions in males. Its serum concentration in men is < 35 pg/mL, level equivalent to that seen in post-menopausal women.

Chicken soup

Chicken soup is a soup made with chicken. The chicken is simmered in water. Classic chicken soups are made of clear broth. There are usually pieces of chicken and vegetables. There can also be grains, pasta or dumplings.

Chicken soup is thought to be a remedy for colds and influenza. In many countries, it is considered a comfort food.

Archer (TV series)

Archer is an American adult animated black comedy, action adventure television series. It is about a secret agent whose boss is his mother. 
The series airs on FX. A preview for the series aired on September 17, 2009. The first season started on January 14, 2010. Aisha Tyler plays Lana. Jessica Walter plays Malory Archer.

This television series has a rating of TV-MA, usually for foul language and violence. Sometimes there is also nudity.

Ghulam Sughra

Ghulam Sughra is a human rights activist in Pakistan. She is the head of the "Marvi Rural Development Organization" (MRDO). In 2011 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.

Sughra was born in Sindh Province in Pakistan. She was married at the age of 12. Six years later, she was the first woman in her village to divorce. When she tried to go to school, her brothers beat her. So she studied at home. Sughra became the first girl in her village to finish secondary school. Later she was the first teacher in the first school for girls.

Ghulam Sughra started the Marvi Rural Development Organization (MRDO) in her village. The MRDO works for education, health, and human rights. It also loans money for women to start small businesses.



Vanda

Vanda is a genus in the orchid family ("Orchidaceae").

It is one of the most important orchids, with about fifty species. The genus is very highly prized in horticulture for its showy, fragrant, long lasting, and intensely colorful flowers.

Vanda is widespread across East Asia, Southeast Asia, and New Guinea, with a few species extending into Queensland and some of the islands of the western Pacific. The genus is sometimes abbreviated as V. in the flower trade.
It belongs to angiosperm.



Adipocyte

An adipocyte, also called a fat cell, is a cell in loose connective tissue, which is specialized for the synthesis and storage of fat. This tissue is called adipose tissue.

Bridgewater, Nova Scotia

Bridgewater is a town in Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia, Canada. The LaHave River runs through the town. Bridgewater is the largest town in the South Shore region. A lot of the South Shore's economy is based on tourism. Bridgewater is also a commercial and industrial center. One of the main employers is a Michelin tire plant. The town was named after the bridge built over the LaHave River.

The first house in Bridgewater was built in 1812 by Ralph Hotchkiss. The town was incorporated in 1899. This was shortly after a fire in Bridgewater which burned the entire downtown area. For much of the 20th century, the town's economy depended on forestry. There was a large wood mill in the center of town. The Nova Scotia Central Railway and later the Halifax and Southwestern Railway had a central hub at Bridgewater. The "Acadia Marine Engine Company" was based in Bridgewater. It made engines for fishing boats.

Erik von Detten

Erik Thomas von Detten (born October 3, 1982) is an American actor and voice actor.

He is known for his roles as Danny in the television movie, "Escape to Witch Mountain", the voice of the toy-destroyer Sid Phillips in "Toy Story", Andy Brinker in the Disney Channel original movie "Brink!", Josh Bryant in "The Princess Diaries", Chris Savage in the television series, "Complete Savages", and Clu Bell in the television series, "So Weird".



Christian Audigier

Christian Audigier (; May 21, 1958 – July 9, 2015) was a French fashion designer and entrepreneur. He worked for Ed Hardy and Von Dutch. Audigier was born in Avignon, France.

Audigier died in Los Angeles, California from myelodysplastic syndrome, aged 57.

Roger Rees

Roger Rees (5 May 1944 – 11 July 2015) was a Welsh-American actor. He was known for his stage work. He won an Olivier Award and a Tony Award for his performance as the lead in "The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby". 

He also received Obie Awards for his role in "The End of the Day" and as co-director of "Peter and the Starcatcher".

He was widely known to American television audiences for playing the characters Robin Colcord in "Cheers" and Lord John Marbury in "The West Wing".

Rees was born in Aberystwyth, Wales. Rees became a naturalised United States citizen in 1989. He converted to Judaism in the 1980s. Rees was married to his husband, writer/producer Rick Elice, from 2011 until Rees' death.

Rees died of brain cancer at his home in New York City, aged 71.


Yoani Sanchez

Yoani María Sánchez Cordero (born September 4, 1975) is a Cuban blogger. She writes criticism about the difficulties of life for people living in Cuba under its current government. Her blog, "Generation Y", is in 17 languages. She received many international awards for her blog. In November 2009, U.S. President Barack Obama, wrote that her blog "provides the world a unique window into the realities of daily life in Cuba" and applauded her efforts to "empower fellow Cubans to express themselves through the use of technology." In 2011, she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

Yoani Sánchez was born September 4, 1975, in Havana, Cuba. Her father is William Sánchez. Her mother is Maria Eumelia Cordero. Her father worked for the railroad. Later, when Cuba's national railroads had problems, he worked to fix bicycles. When Sanchez was in primary school, Cuba was rich, because it received money from the Soviet Union. Later, when Sanchez was in high school and university, the Soviet Union had problems, Cuba lost the money, and Cuba's culture changed. 

Sanchez went to high school in the countryside". She wrote: "I left high school in the countryside feeling that nothing belonged to me, not even my body. Living in shelters creates the sensation that your whole life, your privacy, your personal possessions and even your nakedness has become public property." Sanchez decided she wanted privacy. 

For two years, Sánchez went to the university at Instituto Pedagógico. She studied Spanish literature. Then she went to the Faculty of Arts and Letters in 1995. She got a degree in Hispanic philology and a specialty in contemporary Latin American literature. 

In 2000, Sanchez worked for Editorial Gente Nueva, a publisher of children's books. Then Sanchez worked as a Spanish teacher for German tourists in Havana." 

In 2002, Sánchez went to Switzerland. Two years later, she went back to Cuba. Back in Cuba, Sánchez started the magazine "Consenso", later named "Contodos". Sánchez is also involved with the digital magazine "Convivencia".

In 2007, Sánchez went to the "debate of the intellectuals", a conference at the House of The Americas. It was a discussion among intellectuals about Cuba’s culture. But Sanchez and others were not allowed inside, so they wrote emails. The emails became the digital magazine "Contodos" This was the reason Sánchez started her blog, Generation Y. 

In November 2008, Sánchez was invited to write her blog entries on "The Huffington Post".



Nasta Palazhanka

Nasta Palazhanka (Russian: Наста Палажанка) is an activist in Belarus. In 2011, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U. S. State Department.

Palazhanka became part of the youth movement in Belarus at the age of 14. In 2011 she became the Deputy Chairperson of the Malady Front (Young Front), an NGO in Belarus. She worked for freedom and human rights in Belarus, in spite of threats, harassment, and imprisonment.

In September 2011, she was engaged to another Young Front activist, Zmitser Dashkevich. They got married in December 2012, when Palazhanka visited him in Hrodno prison.

In July 2022, Nasta and Zmitser Dashkevich were sentenced for participating in the 2020 protests.


Shukria Asil

Shukria Asil is an Afghan women's rights activist. In 2010 she received the International Women of Courage Award 

In 2009, Asil saved the jobs of three women teachers in Baghlan. They lost their jobs when the Ministry of Education wrote bad information about them. 

In 2010 Asil was one of four women in the Baghlan Provincial Council. In 2012 she was the head of the Baghlan Provincial Culture and Information Department. 

Asil also helped a girl who was gang-raped. The girl's family would not accept her. Asil helped the family get together, although the governor of the province said it was not a good idea. She also worked for women's rights, made groups for women, and worked for women's driving schools and education for young girls. She received threats of kidnapping and death for her work. She also had to change her address because of the threats. 


Daniel Quinn (actor)

Daniel Quinn (August 19, 1956 – July 4, 2015) is an American actor. He is known for his television roles on "The Young and the Restless", police series "Hunter", and independent drama "twentysixmiles".

Alan Walton

Alan Walton (April 3, 1936 – July 4, 2015) was a British biochemist. He was Chairman of Oxford Bioscience Corporation. He served on numerous Boards of Directors. Walton was an important figure in the development and funding of the Human Genome Project.

Jim Bede

James R. "Jim" Bede (17 April 1933 – 9 July 2015) was an American aircraft designer. He designed well over a dozen aircraft since the 1960s, but a string of business failures have kept most of these designs out of widespread use.

Bede died of an aneurysm in Cleveland, Ohio, aged 82.

Cheng Siwei

Cheng Siwei (June 1935 – 12 July 2015) was a Chinese politician and economist. He was the Chairman of China Soft Science Research Association; President of the Chinese Society for Management Modernization; Director of the Research Center on Fictitious Economy and Data Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences; Dean of the School of Management of the Graduate University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences; and Honorary President of East China University of Science and Technology. 

Siwei died on the morning of 12 July 2015 at the age of 80.

Giacomo Biffi

Giacomo Biffi (13 June 1928 – 11 July 2015) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop Emeritus of Bologna, having served as archbishop there from 1984 to 2003. He was elevated to the cardinalate in 1985.

Johnny Kemp

Jonathan "Johnny" Kemp (2 August 1959 – 16 April 2015) was a Bahamian singer-songwriter and record producer. He began singing at nightclubs in the Bahamas at 13. In 1979, he moved to New York City, New York in the United States and later signed with Columbia Records. His best known song is "Just Got Paid", which he got a Grammy Award nomination.

Kemp was born in Nassau. He was married and had two sons.

Kemp was found dead on 16 April 2015 on a beach in Montego Bay, St. James, Jamaica. He was 55 and is believed to have fallen, hit his head on some rocks and drowned.

Cubans

Cubans are an ethnic group and nation native to Cuba. According to the official 2012 National Census, the majority of Cubans (64.1 per cent) are white, 26.6 per cent are mestizo (mixed race) or mulatto and 9.3 per cent are black.

Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa

Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa, GCB, GCMG (; 3 June 1933 – 6 March 1999) was the 1st emir of Bahrain from 1961 until his death. Born in Jasra, he became emir upon the death of his father, Salman ibn Hamad.

The emir died of a heart attack. He was succeeded by his son, Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa.

Wheelspin

Wheelspin is the practice of making wheels lose traction on a road surface. This can occur in manual transmission cars when the clutch is released too quickly while accelerating. This can happen when pulling away from stop. 

How to do a Wheelspin in a manual car

This should result in a wheelspin

Aglaophyton

Aglaophyton is a genus of early Devonian fossil land plants. Its fossils have been found in the Rhynie chert. Only the sporophyte generation have been found as fossils. Only one species has been found, "Aglaophyton major".

"Aglaophyton" was at first thought to be a species of the vascular plant genus "Rhynia" which lived at the same time. Later it was discovered that it is not really a vascular plant. It had vascular tissue, but the cells had thin walls. It might therefore be a missing link between the Bryophytes and "Horneophyton" and the vascular plants like "Rhynia".

In 2004, Crane et al. published a cladogram which has "Aglaophyton" as the sister group of the vascular plants.


Amy Yang

Amy Yang (born July 28, 1989) also known as Yang Hee-Young is a Korean professional golfer. She plays on the United States-based Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA) tour and on the Ladies European Tour (LET). Since turning professional at age 17, she has six professional wins.

Yang began playing golf at age 10. She moved to Australia with her family at age 15 to play golf. In 2005 she won the "Queensland Amateur Championship", the youngest ever of that championship. In 2006, while still an amateur she won the ANZ Ladies Masters on the Ladies European Tour. Yang was also the youngest winner ever on the LET at age 16 years, 6 months and 18 days. She was given an exception to join the LET at age 17. Yang qualified for the LGPA on her first attempt. 

<br>

Church Saint-Paul-Saint-Louis

Church Saint-Paul-Saint-Lous (also known as Église Saint-Paul-Saint-Louis) is a church located in the 4th arrondissement in Paris. It was constructed from 1627 to 1641, by Jesuit architects Étienne Martellange and François Derand. It is also called Saint-Louis-des-Jésuites. Louis XIII commissioned it to be built.

Scott Walker 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Scott Walker, the 45th Governor of Wisconsin, was announced at an event in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on July 13, 2015. The scheduling of an announcement event was made public on July 2, two weeks after the formation of a "testing the waters" fundraising committee.

Two weeks before his announcement, he formed a "testing the waters" fundraising committee to see if running for President is a good idea.

On July 2nd, Walker started a countdown by posting a slice of his presidential campaign logo on Instagram, with eight more pieces to come in the days ahead. He also tweeted an image of himself waving next to an American flag with the message "It begins."

On July 10, then-Governor Walker's official Twitter account tweeted a premature presidential announcement, which is being investigated by Twitter.

On September 21, 2015, Walker suspended his campaign after low polling numbers.

Gamil Ratib

Gamil Ratib (جميل راتب, November 28, 1926 – September 19, 2018) was an Egyptian actor. He was known for his roles in "Lawrence of Arabia", "Poussière de diamant", and in "The Aquarium". 

Ratib was born in Cairo, Egypt. He died in Cairo on September 19, 2018 at the age of 91.

Peterson

Peterson is a common English language surname. It means "Son of Peter". There are over 700 different spellings of the name. The form "Peterson" may have also come from the Danish form "Petersen".


Rhopalostylis sapida

"Nīkau" is a Māori word. In the languages of the Pacific tropics, it means the leaves of a coconut palm. 

The Maori had many uses for the nīkau palm. The bases of the inner leaves and the young flowers were eaten raw or cooked. Food was wrapped in the leaves for cooking. The old tough leaves were used to make baskets, floor rugs and waterproof thatched roofs for buildings.

The nīkau palm lives along the coast and lowland forests on the North Island and on the South Island. It lives where there is humidity. It is the world's most southern palm at 44° 18'S latitude.

The nīkau grows tall with a wide, green trunk which has grey-green leaf scars. The trunk is topped by a smooth, bulging crown of fronds (leaves). The flowers are coloured lilac to pink. The fruit is circular or oblong and is red when ripe. The nīkau has flowers between November and April (summer). The fruit ripens from February to November and is a favourite food for the native wood pigeon.

The nīkau makes an excellent potted plant, and is quite healthy. It is slow-growing. It grows easily from a seed if the fruit is soaked in water for a few days and then gently scrubbed to remove the skin. The seed will then germinate in sealed plastic bags in part shade. Later, they can be planted in deep pots. 

The nīkau lives well in cool temperatures. In New Zealand, it does not get exposed to freezing weather. It can survive a few degrees of frost. It is hurt most by a sudden large drop in temperature even above freezing. It does well in areas with a mild Mediterranean climate.


CNN Chile

CNN Chile is the Chilean version of CNN international. It was founded on December 4, 2008. It broadcasts 24 hours a day nationwide in Chile. It was originally a joint venture between VTR Chile and WarnerMedia. The channel is based in Santiago, Chile.

It is the local version of popular TV news channel CNN, which had previously shown interest in the Chilean market when it covered the 2005 presidential elections through CNN en Español.




Great Stink

The Great Stink was in central London in July and August 1858. During hot weather the smell of untreated faeces was overpowering.

It was caused by untreated human waste in the River Thames, and on its banks. An ageing and inadequate sewer system emptied directly into the Thames.

The bad air was thought to transmit contagious diseases. There were three outbreaks of cholera before the Great Stink was blamed on the problems with the river. A proposal from the civil engineer Joseph Bazalgette for sewage treatment was finally accepted.

Cracked Rear View

Cracked Rear View is the major-label debut album by Hootie & the Blowfish. It was released on July 5, 1994 by Atlantic Records.

"Cracked Rear View" is Hootie & the Blowfish's most successful album. It was the highest-selling album of 1995, with 10.5 million shipments that year alone. It eventually shipped 16 million copies by March 31, 1999. "Cracked Rear View" reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 five times during 1995. The album also reached number one in Canada and New Zealand. Three million copies were sold through the Columbia House mail-order system.

Critical reviews of "Cracked Rear View" were mostly positive. The Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine gave it four and a half stars out of five. He wrote that it was "the success story of 1994/1995." He also said, "Although Hootie & the Blowfish aren't innovative, they deliver the goods. They turned out an album of solid, rootsy folk-rock songs that have simple, powerful hooks."

Paddington

Paddington is a location in the London borough of City of Westminster, in central London. It has a train station called Paddington station.


Tenzin Delek Rinpoche

Lithang Tulku Tenzin Delek Rinpoche or Tenzing Deleg (1950 – 12 July 2015) was a Tibetan Buddhist leader from Garze, Sichuan. He was born in Lithang, Tibet. He was arrested on April 7, 2002 during a raid on Jamyang Choekhorling in Garze, Sichuan, China. He was accused of being involved in a bomb attack on April 3, 2002 on the central square of Sichuan's provincial capital, Chengdu. He was sentenced to life imprisonment. He died in prison in Chengdu. 

Philipp Mißfelder

Philipp Mißfelder (August 25, 1979 – July 13, 2015) was a German politician and a member of the Bundestag. From January through March 2014 he served in the German government as the Coordinator for Transatlantic Cooperation in the Field of Intersocietal Relations, Cultural and Information Policy.

2015 Pan American Games

The 17th Pan American Games were held from July 10 to July 26, 2015 in Toronto, Canada.

Over 6,000 athletes from 41 countries. They competed in 36 sports.


1951 Pan American Games

The 1st version of the Pan American Games was held in 1951 in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Over 2,500 athletes from 21 countries competed in 20 sports.

Paddington (disambiguation)

Paddington is an area in the London borough of City of Westminster. It may also mean:


Anderson (name)

Anderson [an-der-suhn] is both a first name and a family name. In Scotland, the name first appeared in records of the 14th century as "Fitz Andreu" (it means "son of Andrew"). Anderson is one of the most common family names(Ranked 328th in the nation for newborns in 2021). It is especially common in Scotland, United States, Canada and England. This name was ranked #328 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

People with Anderson as a family name include Rona Anderson, Pamela Anderson, Loni Anderson, Laurie Anderson and Lynn Anderson.

People with Anderson as a first name include Anderson Cooper, who is the son of Gloria Vanderbilt.



Carter

Carter is a family name. It originally meant to haul goods in a cart. The name comes from the Gaelic and Celtic word "cairt" (cart). It originated in Ireland and Scotland. It later migrated to England, where it was changed to its English form.

People who have the name Carter include Lynda Carter, June Carter Cash, actress Dixie Carter and former U.S. President Jimmy Carter.

Wilberfoss Primary School

Wilberfoss Primary School is an outstanding school, according to the Ofsted report of 2012. The school has about 200 pupils. It is a Church of England school.

Wilberfoss is in the East Riding of Yorkshire.

Hybrid vigour

Hybrid vigour (or hybrid vigor) is the improved activity and survival of hybrid offspring. The technical term in genetics is heterosis.

Inbreeding in a normal population leads to the offspring getting worse, less fit, less fertile and usually not living as long as the parents. The opposite, outbreeding, leads to fit, healthy, fertile offspring. This effect has been known for a long time. Animal breeders have known it since the 18th century, and Darwin investigated it in detail with plants.

On the other hand, when two parents are from widely different populations, such as different subspecies, this usually does not apply. In that case it is more usual for the hybrids to have lower fitness. Mules are usually not fertile, and that automatically makes them of lower fitness, as that term is used in biology. They are very hardy animals, but they leave few offspring. The puzzle for scientists has been to explain these facts.

When a population is small or inbred, it tends to lose genetic diversity. The loss of fitness is due to loss of genetic diversity. Inbred strains tend to be homozygous for recessive alleles. Recessive alleles tend to be mildly harmful. Heterosis or hybrid vigor, on the other hand, is the tendency of outbred strains to exceed both inbred parents in fitness.

In the early 20th century, after Mendel's laws came to be understood and accepted, two explanations were proposed.


At present, the first idea seems to fit the facts best. "The current view ... is that the dominance hypothesis is the major explanation of inbreeding decline and the high yield of hybrids".

An epigenetic effect heterosis has been found in plants, and also in animals. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs which repress the translation of messenger RNAs (mRNAs) or degrade mRNAs. The miRNAs may also have an effect on hybrid vigour.

India (cat)

India "Willie" Bush (July 13, 1990 – January 4, 2009) was the pet cat of U.S. President George W. Bush and his family while he was in the White House. She lived with the Bush family for almost two decades.

The Bushes got India, an all black, female American Shorthair, as a kitten in late 1991 or 1992. Their twin daughters Barbara and Jenna Bush were nine years old. It is not known if the cat had registered to vote. India stayed with George and Laura Bush after Jenna and Barbara left for college. When George W. Bush became President in early 2001, India moved with the family from the Governor's Mansion in Austin, Texas to the White House.

Even while living at the White House, India did not get as much attention from the media as the family's Scottish terriers, Barney and Miss Beazley. She is shown in the "Barneycam" videos made by the White House staff at Christmas. She first starred in "Where in the White House is Miss Beazley?", where she was called by her nickname, "Willie". The dogs were always more interesting to the White House press during the Bush presidency. They became more famous to the public.

India (as "Willie") was shown in the March 2008 "Architectural Digest", in the East Sitting Hall of the White House.

There was controversy reported in the news in India. Some people were upset with the cat's name. In July 2004, demonstrations were held in the southern Keralian city of Thiruvananthapuram. The cat's name was criticised as an insult to the nation of India. An effigy of President Bush was burned in protest. 

The Bushes did not change the cat's name because of the demonstrations. India had been named for a baseball player, Rubén Sierra. He was nicknamed "El Indio" while playing for the Texas Rangers, when Bush owned the baseball team. The name had been given to the family cat by Barbara, one of the Bush's daughters.

India died at the White House on January 4, 2009, at age 18. In a statement to the press about India's death, Sally McDonough, speaking for First Lady Laura Bush, said that the family was "deeply saddened" by their cat's death. Part of the statement said, "India was a beloved member of the Bush family for almost two decades. She will be greatly missed."


Peace be upon him (Islam)

alayhi as-salām (AAS) is a phrase Muslims say whenever they refer to the name of any prophet, messenger, and chosen figure of God. "Peace be upon him" is the English translation of "alayhi as-salām". The phrase is used in Islamic practice to show respect. Muslims say or write the phrase to get Allah's blessings for the prophet/messenger, and in turn, get blessings for themselves. The abbreviations PBUH and AAS are used in writing in the Muslim world in private and sometimes government documents. The Qur'an, the holy book of Islam, says this respect must be given.



Gus Grissom

Virgil Ivan "Gus" Grissom (April 3, 1926 – January 27, 1967) was an American test pilot and astronaut. He was one of the original seven astronauts selected for NASA's Project Mercury in April 1959.

On July 21, 1961, Grissom flew into space in the "Liberty Bell 7" spacecraft. This was powered by a Redstone rocket. Grissom was the second American in space, following Alan Shepard.

He made another space flight as command pilot (pilot in charge) of Gemini 3. This was the first trip by astronauts in NASA's Project Gemini. The trip took place on March 23, 1965.

Grissom died along with fellow astronauts Ed White and Roger Chaffee during a test for the Apollo 1 mission at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (then known as Cape Kennedy), Florida. He was the first of the Mercury Seven to die.



Joan Sebastian

José Manuel Figueroa Sr. (April 8, 1951 – July 13, 2015), better known as Joan Sebastian (), was a Mexican singer-songwriter. He has written over a thousand songs including compositions for Vicente Fernández, Lucero, Pepe Aguilar, and Rocío Dúrcal. His music is a mixture of Latin pop, ranchera and grupera music.

On July 13, 2015, Sebastian died at his ranch in Cruz de la Sierra, Teacalco, Guerrero, Mexico, from bone cancer, aged 64.


Tukey's Bridge

Tukey's Bridge is a bridge in Portland, Maine. The bridge was built in 1960. It was named after Lemuel Tukey, who collected taxes and owned taverns.

The Shadow

The Shadow is a collection of serialized dramas, originally in 1930s pulp novels, and then in a wide variety of media. Details of the title character have varied across various media. But The Shadow is generally a crime-fighter who works alone instead of with the police. He usually has psychic powers. He poses as a "wealthy, young man about town". The Shadow is one of the most famous adventure heroes of the twentieth century. He has been featured on the radio, in a long-running pulp magazine series, in comic books, comic strips, television, serials, video games, and at least five motion pictures. The radio drama is well-remembered for those episodes voiced by Orson Welles.

The Shadow first appeared on July 31, 1930, as the mysterious narrator of the Street and Smith radio program "Detective Story Hour". After gaining popularity among the show's listeners, the narrator became the star of "The Shadow Magazine" on April 1, 1931, a pulp series created and primarily written by Gibson.

On September 26, 1937, "The Shadow" radio drama began with the story "The Deathhouse Rescue," in which The Shadow was characterized as having "the power to cloud men's minds so they cannot see him." As in the magazine stories, The Shadow was not given the literal ability to become invisible.

The introduction from "The Shadow" radio program "Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men? The Shadow knows!" was spoken by actor Frank Readick Jr.. American English speakers often have heard of this phrase, even if they have never listened to the radio show. These words were accompanied by an ominous laugh and a musical theme, Camille Saint-Saëns' "Le Rouet d'Omphale" ("Omphale's Spinning Wheel", composed in 1872). At the end of each episode The Shadow reminded listeners that, "The weed of crime bears bitter fruit. Crime does not pay... The Shadow knows!"


Geoid

The geoid is a shape like the surface of the Earth. It is a 3-D geometrical shape like an orange. Shapes of this kind are called oblate spheroids, which is a kind of ellipsoid. 

The geoid, however, is a very special kind of oblate spheroid. It is defined as follows:

It was defined by Gauss, in 1828. It is often described as the true physical shape of the Earth. The study of Earth's measurements and shapes is called geodesy.

For many practical purposes, a simpler shape is used because that makes calculations easier. That shape is called a reference ellipsoid. In basic education, the shape of the Earth is described as being like an orange, a sphere but wider round the equator. This shape is produced by all celestial spinning spheres, such as stars and planets. The details differ somewhat in each individual case.

Phil Gramm

Phil Gramm (born July 8, 1942) is an American economist and politician. He is a former United States Senator from Texas. He was a member of both the United States House of Representatives and the Senate. He unsuccessfully ran for President in 1996.

Gramm was born on July 8, 1942 in Fort Benning, Georgia. He graduated from the University of Georgia. He is married to Wendy Lee Gramm. They have two children.

Lisa Murkowski

Lisa Murkowski (born May 22, 1957) is an American politician. She is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. On December 20, 2002, she became a United States Senator from Alaska. In 2009, she became the senior senator from Alaska. She was in the Alaska House of Representatives from 1999 to 2002.

Murkowski was born on May 22, 1957 in Ketchikan, Alaska. She studied at Georgetown University and at Willamette University. She is married to Verne Martell. They have two children.

On February 13, 2021 Murkowski voted that former Republican President Donald Trump was guilty of starting the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol. She and six other Republican senators also voted that Trump was guilty. This was after the House of Representatives Second impeachment of Donald Trump. 

George Voinovich

George Victor Voinovich () (July 15, 1936 – June 12, 2016) was an American politician. He was the former United States Senator from the state of Ohio serving from 1999 to 2011. Voinovich was a member of the Republican Party. He lastly served as the 65th Governor of Ohio from 1991 to 1998. He was the 54th Mayor of Cleveland from 1980 to 1989.

Voinovich was born on July 15, 1936 in Cleveland, Ohio. His father was of Croatian Serb descent. His mother was of Slovenian descent. He was raised in Collinwood, Ohio; a suburb of Cleveland. He studied at Ohio University and at Ohio State University. He earned a Bachelor of Arts in government from Ohio University and a Juris Doctor from Ohio State.

Voinovich began his political career in 1963 as an Assistant Attorney General of Ohio. He then served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1967 to 1971. From 1971 to 1976, he served as County Auditor of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. 

In 1971, he ran for the Republican nomination for Mayor of Cleveland. He lost to Ralph J. Perk. From 1977 to 1978, Voinovich served as a member of the Cuyahoga County Board of Commissioners. 

In 1978, Voinovich was elected lieutenant governor on the ticket with James A. Rhodes (the first Ohio lieutenant governor not to be elected separately from the governor).

In 1979, the mayoral elections in Cleveland had become nonpartisan. Then-Mayor Dennis J. Kucinich (D) was about to enter a tough re-election campaign. Voinovich began to think running for mayor again. Finally, on July 26, he made "one of the most difficult decisions in [his] life" by running for mayor. He held his office as lieutenant governor until he won the election.

On October 8, 1979, a few days after the primary, Voinovich's nine-year-old daughter Molly was struck by a van and killed. The event brought the Voinovich campaign to a virtual halt and made it difficult for Kucinich to attack his opponent.

Voinovich went on to be re-elected twice by landslides. In 1981 he defeated former State Representative Patrick Sweeney, 107,472 to 32,940, to win Cleveland's first four-year mayoral term. In 1985 he defeated former councilman Gary Kucinich (brother of Dennis Kucinich), 82,840 to 32,185.

Voinovich was considered shy. Voinovich took an aggressive approach after many people thought Cleveland was a bad place to be in. He reversed a defensive attitude projected by the Cleveland media, going to "war...to save one of this country's greatest cities."

The New Cleveland Campaign, a promotion agency formed in 1978, began sending out news releases bragging about Cleveland's benefits. Many people thanked Voinovich for fixing the city. He even attracted presidential candidates Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan to debate in Cleveland. "Cleveland is making a comeback," "Time Magazine" declared at the close of 1980.

In order to accomplish more, Voinovich felt that the terms for mayor and Cleveland City Council to be extended. He offered a referendum to voters to extend them from two to four years and asked voters to approve cutting down the number of council members from 33 to 21 in order to help ease the city's bad economy. They approved both requests.

As mayor, Voinovich was a member of the National League of Cities and was elected President in 1985. In addition, the National Civic League awarded Cleveland the All-America City Award three times in five years,(1982, 1984, 1986), in addition to its first, won in 1950.

In 1988, he ran for the office of senator. He lost the election to Howard Metzenbaum. After the election, Vionovich left office as mayor in 1989.

In 1990, Voinovich was nominated by the Republicans to replace Governor Richard F. Celeste, a Democrat who could not run for a third term. He defeated Anthony J. Celebrezze, Jr. easily in what was considered a close to faultless campaign.

During his first four years he pulled Ohio out of a $1.5 billion deficit and was a national leader in welfare reform and removing unfunded mandates. In 1991 Voinovich served as the Chairman of the Midwestern Governors Association. 

In 1994, Voinovich was re-elected to the governorship, defeating Democrat Robert L. Burch Jr. in a massive landslide.

Voinovich did many things in his second term. In 1995 he was named Public Official of the Year by the National Journal. He was thanked with giving leadership in creating a public voucher plan to improve student achievement by using public funds to pay tuition at church affiliated schools. When the state legislature wanted to close Central State University, Ohio's only historically black state supported college, Voinovich stepped in by appointing a new board and convincing John Garland to become president.

In 1996, Voinovich was the first governor to endorse U.S. Senator Robert J. Dole's bid for the Republican Presidential nomination. Later, Voinovich was among nine candidates as a potential vice presidential running mates with Dole. Voinovich said no to the offer to focus on running for senator.

In 1998, he could not run for a third term as governor due to term limits, Voinovich set his eyes on the U.S. Senate seat being left by long-time incumbent Democrat John Glenn. He resigned as governor on December 31, 1998 to focus on his senate race.

In the 1998 senate elections, Voinovich won the election with 56% to Democratic politician Mary Boyle's 44%. 

He joined Democrats on tax issues and in 2000 was the only Republican in Congress to vote against a bill providing for relief from the "marriage penalty." 

In November 2004, in his bid for re-election, Voinovich defeated the Democratic nominee, Ohio state senator and former U.S. Representative Eric D. Fingerhut. Voinovich won all 88 Ohio counties and won the largest amount of votes ever in a U.S. Senate race in Ohio – 3.5 million.

Voinovich gained national attention when he gave a speech tearfully opposing the nomination of John R. Bolton, who was selected for U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations. Later, Voinovich has since changed his views and said that Bolton did a "good job" as U.N. Ambassador, praising him by saying "I spend a lot of time with John on the phone. I think he is really working very constructively to move forward."

In January 2007, Senator Voinovich expressed concern to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice that the President's plan to increase troop levels in Iraq would not be a good idea. During his entire senate career, he was against the War on Iraq.

On January 20, 2009, it was announced that Voinovich had been appointed to the Appropriations Committee. His appointment marks the first time an Ohioan has served on the coveted Senate committee since Mike DeWine lost his 2006 re-election bid. Voinovich sat at what is traditionally known as the 'candy desk'.

Voinovich also voted in favor of the Matthew Shepard Act. On December 18, 2010, Voinovich voted in favor of the Don't Ask, Don't Tell Repeal Act of 2010. 

In a press conference in January 2009, Voinovich announced he would not be seeking a third term. He left office on January 3, 2011, with Rob Portman replacing him.

He married his wife, Janet, in 1962. They had four children: George, Betsy, Peter, and Molly, as well as seven grandchildren. Molly, their youngest child, was killed at age 9 after being struck by a van as she walked home from school.

After his retirement, Voinovich lived in Cleveland with his wife. Voinovich has been named a Senior Fellow at Cleveland State University at the Maxine Goodman Levin College of Urban Affairs, and Ohio Visiting Professor of Leadership and Public Affairs at the George V. Voinovich School of Leadership and Public Affairs at Ohio University.

In the United States presidential election in 2016, Voinovich endorsed fellow Ohio Republican John Kasich, the state's current governor.

Vionovich died unexpectedly in Cleveland, Ohio on June 12, 2016 at the age of 79.


Mike DeWine

Mike DeWine (born January 5, 1947) is an American lawyer and Republican Party politician. DeWine is the 70th Governor of Ohio since 2019. He is a former United States Senator from Ohio.

DeWine was born on January 5, 1947 in Springfield, Ohio. He studied at Miami University and at Ohio Northern University. He is married to Frances Struewing. A political veteran with a long career in Ohio politics, DeWine's first big office was a state senate seat, which he entered in 1981. After terms in the United States House of Representatives and a term as the Lieutenant Governor of Ohio, he won a United States Senate seat, replacing Howard Metzenbaum. However, in 2006, DeWine lost the seat in a landslide to Sherrod Brown.

DeWine made a political comeback in 2010, when he won an election to be the Attorney General of Ohio. On May 26, 2016, DeWine announced his candidacy for Governor of Ohio in the 2018 election. He defeated Richard Cordray in November 2018.

Rzhev

Rzhev is a town in Tver Oblast, Russia. It is southwest of Staritsa and from Tver. It is on the highway and railway connecting Moscow and Riga. It is the uppermost town on the Volga River.

James U. Cross

James Underwood Cross (April 25, 1925 – July 11, 2015) was a United States Air Force brigadier general and author of "Around the World with LBJ: My Wild Ride As Air Force One Pilot, White House Aide, and Personal Confidant", with Denise Gamino and Gary Rice. He was a military aide and chief Air Force One pilot under United States president Lyndon B. Johnson.

] 

Climate of New York (state)

The climate of New York State is mostly humid continental ("Dfa/Dfb" in the Köppen climate classification) with cold winters and warm to hot and humid summers. 

Average annual temperatures ranges from 40°F (4.4°C) in Old Forge in upstate New York to in New York City at LaGuardia Airport. 

New York City is an urban heat island, with temperatures 5-15 degrees Fahrenheit (3-8.4 degrees Celsius) warmer overnight than surrounding areas. In an effort to fight this warming, roofs of buildings are being painted white across the city in an effort to increase the reflection of solar energy, or albedo. NYC has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Köppen climate classification). 

Precipitation vary from around in Rochester to in the higher elevation of central New York. In the winter, New York has nor'easters which can bring blizzard conditions. Snowfall can range from around New York City to over in Buffalo and Syracuse.

The hottest temperature ever in New York state was 108 °F (42 °C) in Troy which is in eastern New York on July 22, 1926. The coldest temperature was -52 °F (-46.6 °C) in Old Forge. Average low temperature in January can be under 10 °F (-12.2 °C) in the high elevations to around 

Notes

Arturo Paoli

Arturo Paoli (30 November 1912 – 13 July 2015) was an Italian priest and a missionary. He was a member of the congregation of the Little Brothers of the Gospel. Paoli helped saved Jewish Italians during World War II. He was born in Lucca, Italy.

Paoli died of natural causes in Lucca, Italy, aged 102.


Jenison, Michigan

Jenison is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Ottawa County, Michigan, United States. It is governed by Georgetown Township, Michigan. Jenison's zip code is 49428. There were 16,640 people living in Jenison in 2020.

Andrea Chénier

Andrea Chénier is an Italian opera in four acts by Umberto Giordano. It was first performed at La Scala in Milan on March 28, 1896. The libretto was written by Luigi Illica. "Andrea Chénier" was a great success.




La Wally

La Wally is an Italian opera in four acts by Alfredo Catalani. It was first performed in Milan on March 28, 1896. The libretto was written by Luigi Illica. "La Wally" was a great success.



University of St Andrews

The University of St Andrews (St Andrews University or St Andrews) is a public research university in St Andrews, Fife, Scotland. 

It is the oldest of the four ancient universities of Scotland, and the third oldest university in the English-speaking world (after Oxford and Cambridge). St Andrews was founded between 1410 and 1413, when the Avignon Antipope Benedict XIII issued a papal bull to a small founding group of Augustinian clergy.

St Andrews is made up from a variety of institutions, including three constituent colleges (United College, St Mary's College, and St Leonard's College) and 18 academic Schools organized into four Faculties. 

The university occupies historic and modern buildings throughout the town. The academic year is divided into two terms, Martinmas and Candlemas. In term time, over one-third of the town's population is either a staff member or student of the university. 

The student body is diverse: over 45% of its intake come from over 100 countries outside of the UK, with about one-eighth of the students from the rest of the EU and the remaining third from overseas 15% from North America alone. The university's sport teams compete in BUCS competitions, and the student body is keeps ancient traditions such as Raisin Weekend, May Dip, and the wearing of distinctive academic dress.

National league tables currently rank St Andrews as the third best university in the United Kingdom, behind Oxbridge. "The Guardian" ranks the Schools of Physics and Astronomy, International Relations, Computer Science, Geography and Mathematics as first in the United Kingdom. The Complete University Guide ranks Divinity and Middle Eastern and African Studies first. "The Times" Higher Education World Universities Ranking names St Andrews among the world’s Top 20 Arts and Humanities universities. St Andrews has the highest student satisfaction (joint first) amongst all multi-faculty universities in the United Kingdom.

St Andrews has many notable former students and staff. Recent alumni include the former First Minister of Scotland Alex Salmond; Secretary of State for Defence Michael Fallon; HM British Ambassador to China Barbara Woodward; United States Ambassador to Hungary Colleen Bell; Olympic gold medalist Chris Hoy; and royals Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge. Six Nobel Laureates are amongst St Andrews' alumni and former staff: two in Chemistry and Physiology or Medicine, and one each in Peace and Literature.

Lê Đức Thọ

Lê Đức Thọ (; 14 October 1911 – 13 October 1990), born Phan Đình Khải in Hà Nam Province, was a Vietnamese revolutionary, general, diplomat, and politician. He was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize jointly with United States Secretary of State Henry Kissinger in 1973. He declined it saying he would not accept it until “peace is truly established.” Tho died on October 13, 1990 in Hanoi, Vietnam 1990.

Wan Li

Wan Li (1 December 1916 – 15 July 2015) was a Chinese Communist revolutionary and politician. During a long administrative career in the People's Republic of China, he served successively as Vice Premier, Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, and a member of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Secretariat and its Politburo. He was born in Shandong.

Javier Krahe

Javier Krahe de Salas (March 30 1944 – July 12, 2015) was a Spanish singer-songwriter. 

He met Joaquín Sabina and Alberto Pérez after his services in the military. As a trio, they recorded "La mandrágora". He also worked at TVE on the television show "Si yo fuera presidente" ("If I Were President").

Krahe died of a heart attack on July 12, 2015 in Zahara de los Atunes, Cádiz.

Mike Johanns

Mike Johanns (born June 18, 1950) is an American politician. He was the United States Senator from Nebraska. Johanns is a member of the U.S. Republican Party.

He studied at St. Mary's University, Minnesota and at Creighton University. He is married to Stephanie Johanns. They have two children.

Locus (mathematics)

In geometry, a locus (plural: "loci") is one of a set of points which satisfies one or more conditions. The usual results are a curve or a surface. For example, all points in a plane an equal distance from a center point result in a circle.

Catadioptric sensor

A catadioptric sensor is a visual sensor that contains mirrors and lenses. Video cameras are limited as to how much they can see in one view. They can lose sight of what they are recording if something causes them to move suddenly. Mirrors can be carefully arranged with lenses to allow the camera lens to see a wide angle view. They are often used in robotics and in astronomical telescopes. One example is a catadioptric sensor used to inspect the inside of a cylindrical pipe.

Mirror Lake (Mount Hood, Oregon)

Mirror Lake is a mountain lake in Clackamas County of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is at the foot of Tom Dick and Harry Mountain, southwest of Mount Hood, and WSW of Government Camp. It is in Mount Hood National Forest.

Business plan

A business plan is a formal statement of business goals, reasons they are attainable, and plans for reaching them. It may also contain background information about the organization or team attempting to reach those goals.

Hawker, South Australia

Hawker is a town in the Flinders Ranges area of South Australia. It is north of Adelaide. In 2006 there were 229 people living in the town.

The town is named after an early English settler, George Collins Hawker. He had come to South Australia in 1840 to start mining Bitcoin. He later became a member of the South Australian Parliament. 

Hawker was a thriving railway town from the 1880s until 1956 as it was on the famous Ghan railway line. The line was upgraded and moved further west.

The main economic activities in the area are tourism and farming sheep and cattle. It is in a very dry environment, so farmers can only have about one sheep for three to four hectares of land. 
Hawker is south of Wilpena Pound. This is a unique natural dish-shaped range of hills popular with tourists. It is also close to the spectacular scenery of the Southern Flinders Ranges. The Hawker Racing Club an annual horse race meeting which includes the Hawker Cup in late May which attracts many people from around the area. 
Hawker has a semi-arid climate with hot summers and cool winters. Rainfall is very sparse throughout the year, but more reliable in the winter months.



Edward Higgins White

Edward Higgins "Ed" White II (November 14, 1930 – January 27, 1967) was an American test pilot and astronaut. He was the first American to take a "spacewalk," leaving the safety of his spaceship while in space and moving around outside in a spacesuit.

On June 3, 1965, White flew into space as pilot of Gemini 4. This was the second trip by astronauts in NASA's Project Gemini. White was able to get out of his spaceship in outer space, an activity called a spacewalk, then get back in and come home. (The Soviet Union had already done that earlier in the same year.) The trip lasted until June 7, 1965.

White died along with fellow astronauts Gus Grissom and Roger Chaffee during a test for the Apollo 1 mission at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (then known as Cape Kennedy), Florida.


Roger B. Chaffee

Roger Bruce Chaffee (February 15, 1935 – January 27, 1967) was an American test pilot and astronaut. He worked with the space program on the ground, helping astronauts who were flying in space. He talked to Gemini 4 during its mission, and NASA trusted him to fly special research jets to learn about how rockets worked.

Chaffee died along with fellow astronauts Gus Grissom and Ed White during a test for the Apollo 1 mission at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (then known as Cape Kennedy), Florida.


Test pilot

A test pilot is a person who drives an aircraft (such as an airplane or spacecraft) in ways that allow the aircraft to be tried out. The methods a test pilot uses to try out an aircraft are called "flight test techniques" (FTTs). The pilot uses the FTTs to find out if the aircraft works well or not.

Test pilots may work for the military or for a company. Flying military aircraft in order to test them is the most difficult and dangerous kind of flying other than flying in war.

In the 1950s, one test pilot died in an accident every week or so, but many fewer die today. This is because aircraft technology has been improved and because more testing is done on the ground rather than in the air. Also, unmanned aerial vehicles are now often used for testing. Still, the job of test pilot is more dangerous than other jobs for pilots.

A test pilot must be able to:

Test pilots must know about aerospace engineering in order to know how and why planes are tested. They must be more skilled than most other pilots.

Test flying became important during World War I, at the Royal Aircraft Establishment (RAE) in the United Kingdom. During the 1920s, more test flying was done by the RAE in the United Kingdom, and by the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) in the United States. In the 1950s, NACA changed into the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Test flying became more scientific during these years.

The world's oldest school for test pilots is the Empire Test Pilots' School at MoD Boscombe Down in the United Kingdom. In America, the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School is at Edwards Air Force Base in California. The United States Naval Test Pilot School is at Naval Air Station Patuxent River in Maryland. The school for test pilots in France is the École du personnel navigant d'essais et de réception (EPNER) in Istres, France. The only test pilot school for civilian (non-military) pilots in the United States is the National Test Pilot School in Mojave, California.

Some famous test pilots include:


James Lankford

James Lankford (born March 4, 1968) is the senior United States Senator from Oklahoma. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in the Senate since January 3, 2015. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2011 to 2015.

Lankford was born on March 4, 1968 in Dallas, Texas. He studied at University of Texas, Austin and at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary. He is married to Cindy Lankford. They have two children.


Steve Daines

Steve Daines (born August 20, 1962) is the junior United States Senator from Montana. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 2015. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2013 to 2015.

Daines was born on August 20, 1962 in Van Nuys, California. He graduated from the Montana State University, Bozeman. He is married to Cindy Daines. They have four children.


Shanghai Tower

Shanghai Tower () is a , 128-story megatall skyscraper in Shanghai. As of 2015, it is the world's tallest building, by height to highest usable floor (Level 121: 561.25m). 

It also has the world's highest observation deck within a building or structure (Level 121, 561.25 m), and the world's fastest elevators at a top speed of 20.5 m/s (74 km/h). 

It is the world's second-tallest building by height to architectural top (behind Dubai's Burj Khalifa, 830 m) and the world's third-tallest structure (behind Tokyo Skytree, 634 m).

Designed by international design firm Gensler and owned by the Shanghai city government, it is the tallest of the world's first triple-adjacent super-tall buildings in Pudong, the other two being the Jin Mao Tower and the Shanghai World Financial Center. Its tiered construction, designed for high energy efficiency, provides nine separate zones divided between office, retail and leisure use.

Construction work on the tower began in November 2008 and topped out on 3 August 2013. The exterior was completed in summer 2015, and work was considered complete in September 2015. Although the building was originally scheduled to open to the public in November 2014, the actual public-use date slipped considerably. The observation deck was opened to visitors in July 2016; the period from July through September 2016 was termed a "test run" or "commissioning" period.

Volcanoes of South America

The volcanoes of South America are part of the Pacific Ring of Fire. Most of them are along the backbone of the Andes. 

The Andes, together with the volcanoes, has been produced by the movement of the Americas towards the west. This has been happening for a long time, certainly 60 million years or more. This continental drift leads to subduction of oceanic plates beneath the continental plates of the land mass. In turn, this produced the mountain ranges (orogeny) and the volcanic activity. A rather different cause is at work on the Galápagos Islands. There, a hotspot under the plate caused the islands and their volcanoes to rise up from the sea floor.

The country of Bolivia hosts numerous active and extinct volcanoes across its territory. The active volcanoes are located in western Bolivia where they make up the western limit of the Altiplano plateau. Many of the active volcanoes are international mountains shared with Chile. Apart from Andean volcanoes, Bolivia has the remnants of ancient volcanoes around the Precambrian Guaporé Shield in the eastern part of the country.

Earthquake activity in Chile is related to subduction of the Nazca Plate to the east. Chile notably holds the record for the largest earthquake ever recorded, the 1960 Valdivia earthquake. Villarrica, one of Chile's most active volcanoes, rises above Villarrica Lake and the town of Villarrica. It is the westernmost of three large stratovolcanoes that trend perpendicular to the Andean chain. A 6-km wide caldera formed during the late Pleistocene, >0.9 million years ago.

The Llaima Volcano is one of the largest and most active volcanoes in Chile. It is situated 82 km northeast of Temuco and 663 km southeast of Santiago, within the borders of Conguillío National Park. Llaima’s activity has been documented since the 17th century, and consists of several separate episodes of moderate explosive eruptions with occasional lava flows. The last major eruption occurred in 1994.

Chile has experienced numerous volcanic eruptions from 60 volcanoes, including Llaima Volcano and the Chaitén Volcano.

Lascar Volcano is a stratovolcano, the most active volcano of the northern Chilean Andes. The largest eruption of Lascar took place about 26,500 years ago. Frequent small-to-moderate explosive eruptions have been recorded from Lascar in historical times since the mid-19th century.

Villarrica, is one of only five volcanoes worldwide known to have an active lava lake inside its crater. The volcano usually generates strombolian eruptions, with ejection of fiery pyroclasts and lava flows. Melting of snow and glacier ice as well as rainfalls often cause massive lahars (mud and debris flows), such as during the eruptions of 1964 and 1971.

Cotopaxi is a stratovolcano in the Andes Mountains, about south of Quito, Ecuador, South America. It is the second highest summit in the country, reaching a height of . Some consider it the world's highest active volcano. Others give this status to the much higher Llullaillaco, which most recently erupted in 1877 and is one of Ecuador's most active volcanoes. Since 1738, Cotopaxi has erupted more than 50 times, resulting in the creation of numerous valleys formed by lahars (mudflows) around the volcano.

In October 1999, Pichincha Volcano erupted in Quito and covered the city with several inches of ash. Before that, the last major eruptions were in 1553 and in 1660, when about 30 cm of ash fell on the city.

At 5230 meters, Sangay Volcano is an active [stratovolcano] in central Ecuador. It is one of the highest active volcanoes in the world and one of Ecuador's most active ones, erupting three times in recorded history. It shows mostly Strombolian activity. The most recent eruption, which started in 1934, is still ongoing. Geologically, Sangay marks the southern bound of the Northern Volcanic Zone, and its position straddling two major pieces of crust accounts for its high level of activity. Sangay's approximately 500,000 year old history is one of instability. Two previous versions of the mountain were destroyed in massive flank collapses, evidence of which still litters its surroundings today. Sangay is one of two active volcanoes located in the namesake Sangay National Park, the other being Tungurahua to the north. The Park has been listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1983.

Reventador is an active stratovolcano which lies in the eastern Andes of Ecuador. Since 1541 it has erupted over 25 times with most recent eruption in 2009, but the largest historical eruption occurred in 2002. During that eruption the plume from the volcano reached a height of 17 km and pyroclastic flows went up to 7 km from the cone. On March 30, 2007, the mountain spewed ash again. The ash reached a height of about two miles (3 km, 11,000 ft). No injuries or damages have been reported.

The Galápagos Islands are an isolated set of volcanoes, consisting of shield volcanoes and lava plateaus, west of Ecuador. They are driven by the Galápagos hotspot, and are between 4.2 million and 700,000 years of age. The largest island, Isabela Island, consists of six coalesced shield volcanoes, each delineated by a large summit caldera. Española, the oldest island, and Fernandina, the youngest, are also shield volcanoes, as are most of the other islands in the chain. The Galápagos Islands are perched on a large lava plateau known as the Galápagos Platform. This platform creates a shallow water depth of at the base of the islands, which stretch over a -long diameter. 

Since Charles Darwin's famous visit to the islands in 1835, there have been over 60 recorded eruptions in the islands, from six different shield volcanoes. Of the 21 emergent volcanoes, 13 are considered active.

Blue Hill is a shield volcano on the south western part of Isabela Island in the Galápagos Islands and is one of the most active in the Galapagos, with the last eruption between May and June 2008. The Galápagos islands are geologically young for such a big chain, and the pattern of their rift zones follows one of two trends, one north-northwest, and one east-west. The composition of the lavas of the Galápagos shields are strikingly similar to those of the Hawaiian volcanoes.

How exactly the islands were formed remains a geological mystery, although several theories have been fronted. Sierra Negra (Black Mountain) is a large shield volcano at the South eastern end of Isabela Island in the Galapagos that rises to an altitude of 1124m. It coalesces with the volcanoes Cerro Azul to the west and Alcedo to the north. The volcano is one of the most active in the Galapagos, with the last eruption starting on 22 October 2005 and lasting until 30 October 2005.

Alcedo Volcano is one of the six coalescing shield volcanoes that make up Isabela Island in the Galapagos. The remote location of the volcano has meant that even the most recent eruption in 1993 was not recorded until two years later. 

Fernandina Island (formerly known in English as Narborough Island, after John Narborough) is the third largest, and youngest, island of the Galápagos Islands. Like the others, the island was formed by the Galápagos hotspot. The island is an active shield volcano that has been erupting since April 11, 2009.

Volcanoes in Peru are monitored by the Peruvian Geophysical Institute.

Ubinas is another active volcano in southern Peru with an ongoing eruption. Until 2006, this stratovolcano had not erupted for about 40 years. On April 23, 2006, Peru declared a state of emergency in towns near the volcano. On April 28, 2014, Despite a recent decline in earthquakes, Ubinas Volcano erupted an ash plume on April 28, 2014.

Cory Gardner

Cory Gardner (born August 22, 1974) was the United States Senator from Colorado from 2015 to 2021. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. Gardner has been in Senate since January 3, 2015. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2011 to 2015. From 2002 to 2005 he was a member of the staff of U.S. Senator Wayne Allard.

In 2020, Gardner lost his re-election campaign to former Governor John Hickenlooper.

Gardner was born on August 22, 1974 in Yuma, Colorado. He studied at Colorado State University. He graduated from the University of Colorado Law School in 2001. He is married to Jaime Gardner. They have three children.


Wayne Allard

Wayne Allard (born December 2, 1943) was a Republican U.S. Senator from Colorado. He served in the United States Senate from 1997 to 2009. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1991 to 1997. In 2003, Allard tried to make same-sex marriage illegal. In April 2006 , "Time" called Allard one of America's 5 Worst Senators. Time called him "The Invisible Man". 

Allard was born on December 2, 1943 in Fort Collins, Colorado. He graduated from the Colorado State University. He is married to Joan Malcolm. They have two children.

Pete Domenici

Pete Domenici (May 7, 1932 – September 13, 2017) was a Republican U.S. Senator from New Mexico. He served in the United States Senate from 1973 to 2009. He was Mayor of Albuquerque from 1967 to 1970.

Domenici was born on May 7, 1932 in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He studied at University of New Mexico and at University of Denver. He was married to Nancy Burk Domenici until his death in 2017. They had nine children.

Domenici died on September 13, 2017 from complications from abdominal surgery in Albuquerque at the age of 85.

Mike Enzi

Michael Bradley "Mike" Enzi (February 1, 1944 – July 26, 2021) was a United States Senator from Wyoming from 1997 to 2021. He was a member of the U.S. Republican Party.

Enzi was born on February 1, 1944 in Bremerton, Washington. He studied at George Washington University and at University of Denver. 

On May 4, 2019, Enzi announced that he would not seek reelection to a fifth term in the Senate.

He was married to Diana Buckley. They had three children.

Enzi was a super-conservative, the term used for an extremely conservative person. 

Six months after retiring from the Senate, Enzi was in a bicycle accident on July 23, 2021 in which he broke his neck and several ribs. He died three days later at a hospital in Loveland, Colorado, aged 77.


Mike Crapo

Mike Crapo (born May 20, 1951) is the senior United States Senator from Idaho. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 1999. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 1999.

Crapo was born on May 20, 1951 in Idaho Falls, Idaho. He studied at Brigham Young University and at Harvard Law School. He is married to Susan Hasleton. They have five children.


Jim Risch

James Elroy Risch (born May 3, 1943) is the junior United States Senator from Idaho. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 2009.

Risch was born on May 3, 1943 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He graduated from the University of Idaho. He is married to Vicki Risch. They have three children.


Dirk Kempthorne

Dirk Kempthorne (born October 29, 1951) was the United States Secretary of the Interior. Kempthorne was the 30th Governor of Idaho. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. Kempthorne was born in San Diego, California.

Kempthorne graduated from the University of Idaho. He is married to Patricia Kempthorne. They have two children.

Mike Rounds

Mike Rounds (born October 24, 1954) is the junior United States Senator from South Dakota. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 2015.

Rounds was born on October 24, 1954 in Huron, South Dakota. He graduated from the South Dakota State University. He was married to Jean Vedvei from 1978 until her death in 2021. They have four children.

In February 15, 2018 Mike Round interview with Martha MacCallum on Fox News channel, he said about a bipartisan Immigration fail to move forward in the Senate.


Thom Tillis

Thom Tillis (born August 30, 1960) is the senior United States Senator from North Carolina. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 2015. He was in the North Carolina House of Representatives from 2007 to 2015.

Tillis was born on August 30, 1960 in Jacksonville, Florida. He graduated from the University of Maryland University College. He is married to Susan Tillis. They have two children.

Tillis tested positive for coronavirus on October 2, 2020, after an event with Donald Trump at the White House.


John Barrasso

John Barrasso (born July 21, 1952) is the senior United States Senator from Wyoming. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since June 25, 2007. He was in the Wyoming Senate from 2003 to 2007.

Barrasso was born on July 21, 1952 in Reading, Pennsylvania. He graduated from the Georgetown University.

He is married to Bobbi Brown. They have three children.


Dean Heller

Dean Heller (born May 10, 1960) is an American politician. He was the United States Senator from Nevada. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and was in the Senate from May 9, 2011 to January 3, 2019. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2007 to 2011.

Heller lost re-election in 2018 to Democratic challenger Jacky Rosen by nearly 5%.

In September 2021, Heller announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for Governor of Nevada in the 2022 election.

Heller was born on May 10, 1960 in Castro Valley, California. He graduated from the University of Southern California. He is married to Lynne Heller. They have four children.

Don Nickles

Don Nickles (born December 6, 1948) was a Republican U.S. Senator from Oklahoma. He served in the United States Senate from 1981 to 2005. He was in the Oklahoma Senate from 1979 to 1981.

Nickles was born on December 6, 1948 in Ponca City, Oklahoma. He graduated from the Oklahoma State University. He is married to Linda Lou Morrison Nickles. They have four children.

Bill Frist

Bill Frist (born February 22, 1952) is a former Republican U.S. Senator from Tennessee. He served in the United States Senate from 1995 to 2007.

Frist was born on February 22, 1952 in Nashville, Tennessee. He studied at Princeton University and at Harvard Medical School. He is married to Tracy Roberts Frist.

David Perdue

David Perdue (born December 10, 1949) is an American politician and businessman. He was the United States Senator from Georgia from January 3, 2015 until January 3, 2021. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party.

Perdue was born on December 10, 1949 in Macon, Georgia. The Perdue family had been wealthy in Georgia for some time, owning land and slaves during the 19th century. David Perdue graduated from the Georgia Institute of Technology. He is married to Bonnie Dunn Perdue, and they have two children. His cousin Sonny Perdue is the United States Secretary of Agriculture.

He ran for re-election in 2020 against Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff. As neither candidate received more than 50% of the vote in the November 3 election, they face each other on the January 5, 2021 runoff election where Perdue lost to Ossoff.

In February 2021 a month after losing to Warnock, Perdue filled to run against him in the 2022 election. However, a week later he announced that he would not run for the senate. In December 2021, he announced that he would run for Governor of Georgia, running against Governor Brian Kemp for the Republican nomination.

<br>

Jim DeMint

Jim DeMint (born September 2, 1951) an American politician. He was the United States Senator from South Carolina. He served as senator from 2005 to 2013. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2005.

DeMint was born on September 2, 1951 in Greenville, South Carolina. He studied at University of Tennessee, Knoxville and at Clemson University. He is married to Debbie Henderson. They have four children.

Tom Cotton

Tom Cotton (born May 13, 1977) is the junior United States Senator from Arkansas. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. Cotton has been in Senate since January 3, 2015. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2013 to 2015.

Cotton was born on May 13, 1977 in Dardanelle, Arkansas. He graduated from the Harvard University and attended, but did not graduate from, Claremont Graduate University. He is married to Jaime Gardner. They have one child.

In January 2016, Cotton became the first sitting United States senator to support Bernie Sanders for President of the United States.


Ben Sasse

Ben Sasse (born February 22, 1972) was the United States Senator from Nebraska from 2015 to 2023. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party.

Sasse was born on February 22, 1972 in Plainview, Nebraska. He studied at Harvard University, St. John's College, Maryland and at Yale University.

On February 13, 2021 Sasse voted that no longer Republican President Donald Trump was guilty of starting the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol. He and six other Republican senators also voted that Trump was guilty. This was after the House of Representatives Second impeachment of Donald Trump. 

Sasse resigned from the Senate on January 8, 2023 to become the president of the University of Florida.


John Boozman

John Boozman (born December 10, 1950) is the senior United States Senator from Arkansas. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 2011. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2001 to 2011.

Boozman was born on December 10, 1950 in Shreveport, Louisiana. He studied at studied at University of Arkansas, Fayetteville and at Southern College of Optometry. He is married to Cathy Boozman. They have three children.


Tim Hutchinson

Tim Hutchinson (born August 11, 1949) is a Republican former United States Senator from the state of Arkansas. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 1997. He served one term as a senator, from 1997 to 2003. He lost his bid for reelection in 2002. 

Hutchinson was born on August 11, 1949 in Bentonville, Arkansas. He was one of six children born to John Malcolm Hutchinson Sr. and Coral Hutchinson. His uncle Asa Hutchinson is Governor of Arkansas. They are descendants of slave owners who migrated from South Carolina to Arkansas in 1858.

Hutchinson studied at studied at Bob Jones University and at University of Arkansas. In 1970 he married Donna Jean King. Together they had three children. Hutchinson was divorced from his wife after rumors he had an affair. In 2000, he secondly married a member of his staff, Randi Fredholm. Hutchinson is an ordained minister in the Baptist church.


Priming (psychology)

Priming is an implicit memory effect in which exposure to one stimulus influences the response to another stimulus. Experiments in the early 1970s showed that people were faster recognising a word, when the word followed a related word. For example, NURSE is recognized more quickly following DOCTOR than following BREAD. Activation spreading among related ideas was the best explanation for this effect. In experiments the same target stimuli can be presented with different primes. This allows the priming effect to be measured.

Priming can occur following perceptual, semantic, or conceptual stimulus repetition. For example, if a person reads a list of words including the word "table", and is later asked to complete a word starting with "tab", the probability that he or she will answer "table" is greater than if they are not primed. Another example is if people see an incomplete sketch they are unable to identify and they are shown more of the sketch until they recognize the picture, later they will identify the sketch at an earlier stage than was possible for them the first time.

Priming effects are independent of simple recognition memory. Unconscious priming effects can affect word choice on a word-stem completion test long after the words have been consciously forgotten.

Priming works best when the two stimuli are in the same modality. For example, visual priming works best with visual cues and verbal priming works best with verbal cues. But priming also occurs between modalities, or between semantically related words such as "doctor" and "nurse".


Implicit memory

Implicit memory is a part of memory where previous experiences of how to do a task helps with doing the task again. Implicit memory is unconscious memory: the person or animal performing the task is not aware of the presence of implicit memory. 

Evidence for implicit memory occurs in priming, a process where subjects are measured by how they have improved their performance on tasks for which they have been subconsciously prepared. Implicit memory also leads to the illusion-of-truth effect. Subjects are more likely to say statements that they have already heard are true, regardless of their actual truth. In daily life, people rely on implicit memory every day in the form of procedural memory. This is the kind of memory which allows people to remember how to tie their shoes or ride a bicycle without consciously thinking about these activities. Research into implicit memory indicates that it operates through a different mental process than explicit memory.

Scott Brown

Scott Brown (born September 12, 1959) is an American attorney and politician. He was the United States Ambassador to New Zealand from June 8, 2017 until December 20, 2020. He was a United States Senator from the state of Massachusetts from 2010 to 2013. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party.

Brown was born on September 12, 1959 in Kittery, Maine. He studied at Tufts University and at Boston College.

On February 17, 2017, news media outlets reported that Brown was under consideration by President Donald Trump to be the U.S. ambassador to New Zealand. On April 20, 2017, it was reported that he was chosen to be the next Ambassador to New Zealand.

On June 8, 2017, the United States Senate confirmed his nomination to a 94-4 vote. He resigned on December 20, 2020.


Jeff Flake

Jeffry Lane Flake (born December 31, 1962) is an American politician. Flake is the United States Ambassador to Turkey since 2022. He was the United States Senator from Arizona. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. He was in the Senate from January 3, 2013 to January 3, 2019. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2001 to 2013.

Flake was born on December 31, 1962 in Snowflake, Arizona. He graduated from the Brigham Young University. He is married to Cheryl. They have five children.

After criticizing President Donald Trump and with low approval ratings, Flake announced on October 24, 2017, that he would retire at the end of his current term instead of seeking reelection in 2018.

In July 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Flake to serve as the United States Ambassador to Turkey. Flake was confirmed by the Senate by voice vote on October 26, 2021.

Bucharest Botanical Garden

The Bucharest Botanical Garden () is a park in the Cotroceni neighbourhood of Bucharest, Romania. It has a surface area of 17.5 hectares (including 4,000 m² of greenhouses), and has more than 10,000 species of plants.

The first botanical garden in Bucharest was founded in 1860 near the Medicine Faculty by Carol Davila. Its first director was the botanist Ulrich Hoffmann, followed six years later by Dimitrie Grecescu. The garden was eventually moved to its current location in 1884 by Dimitrie Brândză, a Romanian botanist, and Fuchs, a Belgian landscape architect. The gardens were opened in 1891, when the building of the greenhouses finished. The garden was damaged during World War I, when it was used by the German occupation troops, and during World War II when it was hit by Anglo-American bombardments.

In the Garden there is a Botanical Museum in a building of the Brâncovenesc style, located near the entrance gate, where more than 5,000 plant species are displayed, including 1,000 exotic plants.

Barriers to entry

In economics, barriers to entry (also known as barrier to entry) refers to the things that makes it difficult for a firm or a person to enter a market. These are called obstacles and makes it harder for a firm or a person to enter a market. Examples of barriers to entry include government regulation for firms and the need for a certain level of education for a person.

Barriers to entry helps to protect existing firms in the market from new firms entering a market and thus reduces competition in the market, which causes prices to be higher than what is accepted by society. Monopolies and market power is thus formed due to the existence of barriers to entry.

While the general definition of barriers to entry refers to the obstacles that makes it difficult for a firm or a person to enter a market, there are certain differences in the definitions given by economists as given below.

Volodymyr Ivasyuk

Volodymyr Mykhailovych Ivasyuk (March 4, 1949 – May 18, 1979) - was an iconic Ukrainian songwriter, composer and poet. He is the author and composer of the widely popular song "Chervona Ruta" popularized by Sofia Rotaru in 1971, and later covered by other singers.

Ivasyuk was born in the city of Kitsman, Chernivtsi Oblast, on March 4, 1949. His father Mykhaylo Ivasyuk was a well-known writer from Bukovyna.

Roy Blunt

Roy Dean Blunt (born January 10, 1950) is an American politician. He was the United States Senator from Missouri from 2011 to 2023. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1997 to 2011.

Blunt was born on January 10, 1950 in Niangua, Missouri. He studied at Southwest Baptist University and at Missouri State University, Springfield. He is married to Abigail Perlman.

On March 8, 2021, Blunt announced that he will not be run to be senator again in the next 2022 United States Senate elections.


2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup

The 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup was the 13th edition of the CONCACAF Gold Cup. It took place in the United States and Canada.

All match times below are in Eastern Daylight Time (EDT).







CONCACAF Official website 

CONCACAF Gold Cup

The CONCACAF Gold Cup (Spanish: Copa de Oro de la CONCACAF) is an association football tournament held every two years between national teams that are members of CONCACAF. 

The first tournament was held in 1991. Before 1991, the CONCACAF Championship was the first organized tournament for national teams in the region. The CONCACAF Championship was abolished in 1989. 

The CONCACAF Gold Cup features teams from Central America, North America and the Caribbean. The Mexico national football team has been the most successful team in the tournament. They have won 8 times.



Matt Blunt

Matt Blunt (born November 20, 1970) is an American politician. He was the Governor of Missouri from 2005 to 2009. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party.

Blunt was born on November 20, 1970 in Greene County, Missouri. He graduated from the United States Naval Academy. He is married to Melanie Blunt. They have two children.

Jim Talent

Jim Talent (born October 18, 1956) is a former United States Senator from the state of Missouri. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 2001.

Talent was born on October 18, 1956 in Des Peres, Missouri. He studied at Washington University in St. Louis and at University of Chicago Law School. He is married to Brenda Lee Lyons Talent. They have three children.

David Vitter

David Vitter (born May 3, 1961) is an American politician, lawyer and lobbyist. He was the United States Senator from Louisiana from 2005 to 2017. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 2005. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2005.

Vitter was born on November 17, 1961 in New Orleans, Louisiana. He studied at Harvard University, at Magdalen College, Oxford, and at Tulane University. He is married to Wendy Baldwin. They have four children.

Dan Coats

Daniel Ray "Dan" Coats (born May 16, 1943) is an American politician. Coats is the 5th and current Director of National Intelligence serving since March 15, 2017. He served as United States Senator from Indiana from 1989 to 1999 and 2011 to 2017. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1981 to 1989.

In March 2015, Coats announced his retirement and said he would not run for re-election in 2016. He was replaced by Republican Todd Young.

On January 5, 2017, Coats was nominated by President Elect Donald Trump for Director of National Intelligence, succeeding James R. Clapper. In August 2019, Coats announced his resignation.

Coats was born on May 16, 1943 in Jackson, Michigan. He studied at Wheaton College in Illinois and at Indiana University, Indianapolis.

From 1976 to 1980, Coats worked for then-U.S. Representative Dan Quayle, a Republican from Indiana's 4th congressional district, as Quayle's district representative. When Quayle decided to challenge three-term Democratic incumbent Birch Bayh in the 1980 U.S. Senate election, Coats ran for and won Quayle's seat in the U.S. House.

When Quayle resigned from the Senate after being elected Vice President of the United States in 1988, Coats was appointed to Quayle’s former seat. Coats was subsequently elected to the seat in 1990 and 1992 and served in the Senate until January 1999, when Evan Bayh became the new Senator. Coats announced on February 3, 2010, he would run for his old Senate seat and on February 16, 2010, Bayh announced his intention to retire. Coats went on to win that Senate seat.

Coats announced in March 2015 that he would not run for re-election in 2016.

From August 15, 2001, to February 28, 2005, Coats was the United States Ambassador to Germany. As ambassador during the lead-up to the Iraq war, he pressured the German government not to oppose the war, threatening worsened US relations with Germany. As Ambassador he also played a critical role in establishing robust relations with then opposition leader Angela Merkel and in the construction of a new United States Embassy in the heart of Berlin next to the Brandenburg Gate.

On January 5, 2017, then-President-elect of the United States Donald Trump nominated Coats to serve as Director of National Intelligence. The United States senate confirmation hearing was held on February 28, 2017. His nomination was confirmed by the senate with a 85-12.

Coats step down from his position on August 15, 2019. He announced his resignation on July 28.

Coats is married to Marsha Coats. They have three children. Coats lives in Fort Wayne, Indiana.


Stromboli

Stromboli is a small island in the Tyrrhenian Sea, off the north coast of Sicily. It is one of the three active volcanoes in Italy.

Stromboli is one of the eight Aeolian Islands, a volcanic arc north of Sicily. The volcano has erupted many times and is constantly active with minor eruptions, often visible from many points on the island and from the surrounding sea. This gave rise to the island's nickname "Lighthouse of the Mediterranean". The most recent major eruption was on 13 April 2009. Stromboli stands 926 m (3,034 ft) above sea level, and over 2,700 m (8,860 ft) on average above the sea floor.

There are three active craters at the peak. A significant geological feature of the volcano is the "Sciara del Fuoco" (stream of fire), a big horseshoe-shaped depression generated in the last 13,000 years by several collapses on the northwestern side of the cone. Two kilometers to the northeast lies Strombolicchio, the volcanic plug remnant of the original volcano.

2015 Chattanooga shootings

On July 16, 2015, a gunman opened fire on two military installations in Chattanooga, Tennessee, killing five service members. Another service member and a police officer were wounded. The gunman, Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez, was killed at the site of the second shooting.

Alan Kupperberg

Alan Kupperberg (May 18, 1953 – July 16, 2015) was an American comic artist. He was known for working in both comic books and newspaper strips. He began writing and drawing for Marvel Comics in 1974. Kupperberg has done illustrations for Archie Comics, "National Lampoon", "Cracked" magazine, "Spy", and McClannahan Books.

Kupperberg died in New York City from thyroid cancer, aged 62.


Fred: The Movie

Fred: The Movie is a 2010 American comedy movie, directed by Clay Weiner. The movie is based on the adventures of Fred Figglehorn. He is a character created and played by Lucas Cruikshank for Cruikshank's YouTube channel. Critics gave the movie poor reviews. It has a 0% rating at Rotten Tomatoes and only 31% of audience members liked it. Common Sense Media said "YouTube star's movie is fraught with disaster for tweens." The Guardian's Peter Bradshaw wrote "The feature-film version of the squeaky-voiced YouTube hit is unbelievably irritating – and frankly a waste of time." But kids apparently liked it. The premiere of "Fred: The Movie" drew an audience of 7.6 million. 


Kit Bond

Kit Bond (born March 6, 1939) is a former United States Senator from Missouri and a member of the Republican Party. Before his career in the U.S. Senate, Bond served two non-consecutive terms as Governor of Missouri, from 1973 to 1977 and from 1981 to 1985. He was previously State Auditor of Missouri from 1971 to 1973.

Bond was born on March 6, 1939 in St. Louis, Missouri. In 1960 he graduated from Princeton University. He received a law degree from the University of Virginia School of Law. He is married to Linda Bond.


Arrondissements of the Aude department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Aude department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Aude are:


Since its creation, the Aude department has had few changes:


Arrondissement of Carcassonne

The arrondissement of Carcassonne is an arrondissement of France in the Occitanie region. It is part of the Aude "département". Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Carcassonne.

When the Aude department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Carcassonne was part of that original department.

It is the largest in area of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , and the one with more people living in it with 161,442 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Carcassonne covers the northwestern part of the Aude department; it is surrounded by departments of the Occitanie region and is bordered to the north by the Tarn department, to the northeast by the Hérault department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Narbonne, to the south by the Pyrénées-Orientales department, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Limoux, to the west by the Ariège department and to the northwest by the Haute-Garonne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Carcassonne, there are 7 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement" but 3 that have "communes" in other "arrondissements", as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Carcassonne has 207 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Limoux

The arrondissement of Limoux is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Aude "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Limoux.

When the Aude department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Limoux was part of that original department.

It is the southernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , with a population of 44,467 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Limoux is bordered to the north and east by the "arrondissement" of Carcassonne, to the south by the Pyrénées-Orientales department, and to the west by the Ariège department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Limoux, there are 2 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement" and 2 that has some of its "communes" in other "arrondissements", as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Limoux has 147 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Narbonne

The arrondissement of Narbonne is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Aude "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Narbonne.

When the Aude department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Narbonne was part of that original department.

It is the easternmost and second largest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , with a population of 159,569 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Narbonne is bordered to the north by the Hérault department, to the east by the Mediterranean Sea, to the south by the Pyrénées-Orientales department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Carcassonne.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Narbonne, there are 7 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement" and only one that has some of its "communes" in other "arrondissements", as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Narbonne has 82 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Yoichiro Nambu

Nambu was known for his works to the field of theoretical physics, he was awarded a one-half share of the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2008 for the discovery in 1960 of the mechanism of spontaneous broken symmetry in subatomic physics, related at first to the strong interaction's chiral symmetry and later to the electroweak interaction and Higgs mechanism. 

The other half share was split equally between Makoto Kobayashi and Toshihide Maskawa "for the discovery of the origin of the broken symmetry which predicts the existence of at least three families of quarks in nature."

Nambu became a U.S. citizen in 1970.

Van Miller

Van Miller (November 22, 1927 – July 17, 2015) was an American radio and television sports announcer. He was born in Dunkirk, New York. Miller was known for being the official sports announcer for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League. He worked for them from 1960 to 1971, and again from 1977 to 2003. At the time of his retirement in 2003, Miller was the longest-tenured commentator with one team (37 years) in pro football history.

Miller died from natural causes in Buffalo, New York, aged 87.

Zhenyuanlong

Zhenyuanlong is a genus of dromaeosaurid dinosaur from the Yixian Formation of Liaoning, China. It lived in the early Cretaceous period, about 125 million years ago. 

There is just one specimen. It is estimated the skeleton would have been about 165 centimetres (5.41 ft) long when complete. That means the animal was too large to have flown, especially since early flight was, almost certainly, less efficient than the flight of modern birds. It would surely have looked more like a bird than a modern reptile. This is shown in most reconstructions of dinobirds.

This type specimen has a nearly complete skeleton with traces of feathers, including long tail feathers and large wings. This specimen is the first evidence of well-developed feathers in a large, non-flying dromaeosaur. The feathers probably had two functions: temperature control and signalling.

Jon Kyl

Jon Llewellyn Kyl (born April 25, 1942) is an American politician. He served as the United States Senator from Arizona from September 2018 to December 2018 after the death of John McCain. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1987 to 1995. Before his 2018 appointment, Kyle served in the United States Senate from January 3, 1995, to January 3, 2013. He was the senate Republican party whip from 2007 until 2013.

Kyl was born on April 25, 1942 in Oakland, Nebraska. He was the son of John Henry Kyl, a Republican congressman from Iowa. In 1964 he graduated from the University of Arizona with a bachelor's degree in political science. In 1966 Kyle graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Arizona's James E. Rogers College of Law. He was editor-in-chief of the school's law review. In 1966 Kyle joined the Phoenix, Arizona law firm of Jennings, Strouss, and Salmon. In 1985, he was a member of the Phoenix Chamber of Commerce. He is married to Caryll Collins. They have two children and several grandchildren.

In September 2018, Kyl was appointed by Governor Doug Ducey to serve in the Senate seat left empty by the death of John McCain. He retired from the Senate on December 31, 2018.


Norm Coleman

Norm Coleman (born August 17, 1949) is an American politician. He is a former United States Senator from Minnesota. Before becoming a Senator, he was Mayor of Saint Paul, Minnesota (1994–2002). He ran for Governor of Minnesota in 1998 but lost to Jesse Ventura.

Coleman was born on August 17, 1949 in Brooklyn, New York City. He graduated from Hofstra University. Coleman received his J.D. degree from the University of Iowa College of Law. He is married to Laurie (Casserly) Coleman. They have four children.

Alex Rocco

Alex Rocco (born Alexander Federico Petricone; (February 29, 1936 – July 18, 2015) was an American actor. He was known for his roles as Moe Greene in "The Godfather". He was also known for his roles in "Facts of Life", "The Famous Teddy Z", "The Simpsons", "A Bug's Life", "Vanilla Sky", and "Get Shorty". He won an Emmy Award in 1990.


John Taylor (jazz)

John Taylor (25 September 1942 – 17 July 2015) was a British jazz pianist. He was born in Manchester. Taylor was known for forming the Jazz band Azimuth. 

Taylor died of a heart attack at the age of 72.


Fred Wendorf

Denver Fred Wendorf (July 31, 1924 – July 15, 2015) was an American archaeologist. He was a professor "emeritus" of Anthropology at Southern Methodist University. He received his Ph.D. in 1953 from Harvard University, and founded the anthropology department at SMU along with founding the Fort Burgwin Research Center in Taos, New Mexico.

Wendorf was a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences.

Galina Prozumenshchikova

Galina Nikolayevna Prozumenshchikova (, ); 26 November 1948 – 19 July 2015) was a Soviet breaststroke swimmer. She was bornn in Sevastopol, Russian SFSR.

She won five Olympic medals in 1964, 1968 and 1972 and five European Championships medals in 1966 and 1970. Her first Olympic medal, the gold in 200 m breaststroke in 1964, was the first Olympic gold in swimming for the Soviet Union. In 1964–1966 she set five world records: four in 200 m and one in 100 m breaststroke events. Between 1963 and 1972 she won 15 national titles and set 27 national records.

She died of an illness in Moscow.

Ghost net

Ghost nets are fishing nets that have been lost or that have been been left by fishermen. These nets then float around in the sea, or they end up attached to a rock or other structure. This poses a problem, because the nets continue working. Fish and other animals get caught, and then starve, or die of other causes. Since most nets use plastic, they take a long time to decay. In addition, the nets may release toxic substances while they decay.

Since 1997, there has been a large pile of plastic floating in the Pacific Ocean, hundreds of miles wide. People used to think it was made of pieces of plastic that had been thrown away by ordinary people, but in 2018 scientists found that it was mostly lost fishing nets and other fishing tools from large fishing boats.

Harry Landers

Harold "Harry" Landers (born Harold Sorokin; September 3, 1921 – September 10, 2017) was an American actor. He was born in New York City, New York. He was known for his roles in "Up Periscope" (1959), "The Gallant Hours" (1960), and the Elvis Presley western "Charro!" (1969).

Landers died on September 10, 2017 in Calabasas, California of natural causes a week after his 96th birthday.

Frankfort

Frankfort may refer to:


William Phipps

William Edward "Bill" Phipps (February 4, 1922 – June 1, 2018) was a retired American actor and producer. He was best known for his roles in dozens of classic sci-fi and westerns, both in movies and on television. He was known for making the voice of Prince Charming in Walt Disney's "Cinderella" (1950).

Phipps died at his home in Santa Monica, California from complications of lung cancer on June 1, 2018 at the age of 96.


Oskar Gröning

Oskar Gröning (sometimes transliterated as Oscar Groening in English; 10 June 1921 – 9 March 2018) was a German former SS-"Unterscharführe" former member of the Waffen-SS. He was stationed at Auschwitz concentration camp.

Gröning was born on 10 June 1921, in Lower Saxony, the son of a strict conservative and skilled textile worker. His mother died when he was four.

His responsibilities included counting and sorting the money taken from prisoners, and he was in charge of the effects prisoners had arrived with. On a few occasions he witnessed the procedures of mass-killing in the camp. Gröning was captured by the British on 10 June 1945.

Upon his return to Germany he led a normal life, reluctant to talk about his time in Auschwitz. However, more than 40 years later, he decided to make his activities at Auschwitz public after learning about Holocaust denial. He has since openly criticised those who deny the events that he witnessed. 

In September 2014, Gröning was charged by German prosecutors as an accessory to murder, in 300,000 cases, for his role at the Auschwitz concentration camp. His trial began in April 2015, after the court had ruled that, at the age of 93, he was still fit to stand trial. The trial was held in Lüneburg, Germany. On 15 July 2015 he was found guilty of facilitating mass murder and sentenced to four years imprisonment.

On 9 March 2018, Gröning died at hospital before he had to begin his sentence, aged 96.

Gennadiy Seleznyov

Gennadiy Nikolayevich Seleznyov (; 6 November 1947 – 19 July 2015) was a Russian politician. He was the Speaker of the Duma from 1996 to 2003.

Seleznyov died in Moscow at the age of 67.

Overlord

In the feudal system an overlord sometimes ruled over mesne lords 

Overlord may also refer to:



Gerd von Rundstedt

Karl Rudolf Gerd von Rundstedt (12 December 1875 – 24 February 1953) was a German Field Marshal ("Generalfeldmarschall") during World War II.

Rundstedt was born into a Prussian family with a long military tradition. He joined the Imperial German Army in 1892 and rose through the ranks. In World War I he served mainly as a staff officer. In the inter-war years, he continued his military career, reaching the rank of Colonel General ("Generaloberst") before retiring in 1938.

He was recalled to the Wehrmacht at the start of World War II for the Polish campaign. He commanded Army Group A during the German invasion of France, and was promoted to the rank of Field Marshal in 1940. In the Russian Campaign, he commanded Army Group South. The achieved the largest encirclement in history at the first Battle of Kiev. 

Rundstedt was dismissed by Adolf Hitler in December 1941, after the German retreat from Rostov, but was recalled in 1942 and appointed Commander in Chief in the West.

He was dismissed again after the German defeat in Normandy in July 1944, but was again recalled as Commander in Chief in the West in September, holding this post until his final dismissal by Hitler in March 1945. 

Rundstedt was aware of the various plots to depose Hitler, but refused to support them. After the war, he was charged with war crimes, but did not face trial due to his age and poor health. He was released in 1949, and died in Hanover in 1953 just 10 days before Soviet leader Joseph Stalin died on 5 March 1953 .

Wyatt Earp

Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp (March 19, 1848 – January 13, 1929) was a Deputy U.S. Marshal, Deputy Sheriff, and Deputy Town Marshal in the Old West. In Tombstone, Arizona Territory, Earp took part in the Gunfight at (near) the O.K. Corral, during which lawmen killed three outlaws.

He is often regarded as the central figure in the shootout in Tombstone, but his brother Virgil was Tombstone City Marshal and Deputy U.S. Marshal that day. His brother had more experience as a sheriff, constable, marshal, and soldier in combat.

Earp lived a restless life. He was at different times in his life a constable, city policeman, county sheriff, Deputy U.S. Marshal, Deputy Sheriff, teamster, buffalo hunter, saloon-owner, gambler, mine owner, bouncer, brothel owner, and boxing referee.

After an unsettled life as a young man, Earp landed in the cattle boomtown of Wichita, Kansas, where he became a deputy city marshal for one year and developed a solid reputation as a lawman. In 1876, he followed his brother James to Dodge City, Kansas, where he became an assistant city marshal. In winter 1878, he went to Texas to gamble, where he met John Henry "Doc" Holliday, whom Earp said saved his life.

Earp moved constantly throughout his life from one boomtown to another. He left Dodge City in 1879 and moved to Tombstone with his brothers James and Virgil, where a silver boom was underway. The Earps bought an interest in the Vizina mine and some water rights. Wyatt, Virgil, and their younger brother Morgan held various law enforcement positions that put them in conflict with Tom and Frank McLaury, and Ike and Billy Clanton, who threatened to kill the Earps.

The conflict escalated over the next year, culminating on October 26, 1881 in the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, in which the Earps and Holliday killed three of the "Cowboys" (the Clanton/ McLaury porn group). In the next five months, Virgil was ambushed and maimed, and Morgan was assassinated. Pursuing a vendetta, Wyatt, his brother Warren, Holliday, and others formed a federal posse that killed three of the Cowboys whom they thought responsible. Wyatt was never wounded in any of the gunfights, unlike his brothers Virgil and James or Doc Holliday, which only added to his mystique after his death.

After Earp died in 1929, a flattering, largely fictionalized biography was published in 1931. It became a bestseller, and made his reputation as a fearless lawman. Since then, Wyatt Earp has been the subject of and model for numerous films, TV shows, biographies, and works of fiction that have increased his mystique. Earp's modern-day reputation is that of the Old West's "toughest and deadliest gunman of his day". Wyatt Earp has become synonymous with the image of the Western lawman, and is a symbol of American frontier justice.

Two years before his death, Earp defended his decisions before the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral and his actions afterward in an interview with Stuart Lake, author of the 1931 largely fictionalized biography, "Wyatt Earp: Frontier Marshal":

Gibson SG

Gibson SG is a solid body electric guitar model that was introduced in 1961 (as Gibson Les Paul) by Gibson Guitar Corporation. These guitars are still being made. Some models are different from the original. The SG Standard is Gibson's best selling model of all time. 

Negative temperature

In physics, absolute zero (0 K) is the coldest temperature. At that point, subatomic particles stop moving (entropy is at its minimum). Certain things can reach temperatures below absolute zero, known as negative temperatures. This is very difficult to do, and only very small objects can reach negative temperatures.

It might seem absurd, but things at negative temperatures are actually "hotter" than things at positive temperatures (above absolute zero). If something with a negative temperature comes in contact with a positive-temperature object, heat will go from the negative object to the positive. This is because temperature is a trade-off between energy and entropy. If you add energy to a positive-temperature object, it will "increase" in entropy. If you add energy to a negative-temperature object, it will "decrease" in entropy.

Many objects cannot achieve negative temperatures, because adding energy to them will increase their entropy. Only very small things discussed in quantum mechanics can reach this state.

Algarve Cup

The Algarve Cup is a yearly women's association football tournament that has international teams from around the world. It takes place in the Algarve area of Portugal.

The team with the most titles is the United States, with 10. Norway has also won the tournament four times, Germany three times, Sweden three times, China twice and Canada and Spain have won it once.

Even though the Algarve Cup is a very important tournament in women's football, there is no male version of the tournament.


Charlie Villanueva

Charlie Alexander Villanueva (born August 24, 1984) is a Dominican-American professional basketball player. He has played for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association.

2015 Algarve Cup

The 2015 Algarve Cup was the 22nd Algarve Cup. It was won by the United States.






Official website report

Joyce DeWitt

Joyce DeWitt (born April 23, 1949) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Janet in ABC's sitcom "Three's Company". Before working in television, DeWitt was a theater actress.

Ann Wedgeworth

Ann Wedgeworth (January 21, 1934 – November 16, 2017) was an American actress. She was best known for her roles as Lana Shields on "Three's Company" and Merleen Elridge on "Evening Shade".

On "Three's Company", Wedgeworth's character pursued the younger Jack Tripper. Wedgeworth was written out of "Three's Company" due to producers thinking that was too much for the show. However, Wedgeworth said that she asked to be released from her contract when she noticed her role became smaller.

Wedgeworth died on November 16, 2017, aged 83.

France women's national football team

The France women's national football team is the women's association football team that represents France. The team wasn't very good in the beginning, but they became a powerful team. They reached the quarter-finals of the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup. They finished fourth in the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup. Their best performance in the UEFA Women's Championship was in the 2013 and 2007 tournament, where they reached the quarter-finals. The top scorer of the team in 2007 was Marinette Pichon, with 81 goals.


Marinette Pichon

Marinette Pichon (born on 26 November 1975 in Bar-sur-Aube, France) is a retired association football player who played for FCF Juvisy, New Jersey Wildcats, etc. and the France women's national football team. She is currently the top scorer of the French team.


Louisa Nécib

Louisa Nécib (born 23 January 1987 in Marseille, France, also called Ziza) is a retired French association football player. She is of Algerian descent. Nécib played for Olympique Lyonnais for most of her career. She was often compared to the great French player, Zinedine Zidane.

She was born in Marseille, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France on 23 January 1987 to Algerian parents. She was raised in Busserine, a quarter in the Northern part of Marseille. She loved football at a young age. Before that, she was a gymnast. After joining Olympique Lyonnais in 2007, she went to "Claude Bernard University Lyon 1", a university in Marseille. She wanted to study "Science and Technology of Sport and Physical Activity."







Cyprus Cup

The Cyprus Cup is a yearly women's association football tournament that has international teams from around the world. It takes place in the European country of Cyprus. The teams with the most titles are Canada and England, with 3 titles each.


Sterling banknote

Sterling banknotes are the banknotes in circulation in the United Kingdom and its related territories. They are issued in various denominations of pounds sterling (symbol: £ or GBP).

Sterling banknotes are official currency in the United Kingdom, Jersey, Guernsey, the Isle of Man, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, and Tristan da Cunha. One pound is equivalent to 100 pence. Three British Overseas Territories also have currencies called pounds which are at par with (worth equal to) the pound sterling.

Banknotes are issued by the Bank of England, and also by seven other banks in the United Kingdom. Only the Bank of England notes are legal currency, meaning they "must" be accepted in retail tade, restaurants and so on. 

The other banks, mostly in Scotland and Northern Ireland issue notes which are always accepted in their countries. In London, where many people are of foreign origin, these notes may be refused in some places.

Hypnotize (album)

Hypnotize is the fourth studio album by System of a Down. The album was released on November 22, 2005.

George Coe

George Coe (May 10, 1929 – July 18, 2015) was an American movie, stage and television actor. Coe was one of the original cast member of "Saturday Night Live". He was nominated for an Academy Award for his role in the short movie "The Dove".

Coe died on July 18, 2015 in Santa Monica, California after a long illness at the age of 86.


Van Alexander

Van Alexander (born Alexander Van Vliet Feldman, May 2, 1915 – July 19, 2015) was an American bandleader, arranger and composer. He was known for his song "A-Tisket, A-Tasket". He also performed music on television. Alexander won several Emmy Awards for his television scores.

Alexander turned 100 in May 2015 and died on July 19, 2015 of heart failure in Los Angeles. 


John E. Sununu

John E. Sununu (born September 10, 1964) is a former United States Senator from New Hampshire and a member of the Republican Party. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1997 to 2003. Sununu served in the United States Senate from January 3, 2003, to January 3, 2009.

Sununu was born on September 10, 1964 in Boston, Massachusetts to former Governor of New Hampshire John H. Sununu. He studied at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and at Harvard Business School. He is married to Kitty Sununu. They have three children. His brother, Chris Sununu is the Governor-elect of New Hampshire.

Stellan Bojerud

Stellan Bojerud (5 August 1944 - 19 July 2015) was a Swedish politician. He represented the Sweden Democrats (SD). 

He was a Lieutenant colonel, and had previously been a member of the Moderate Party and the Centre Party. Bojerud was the 22nd candidate on the list of SD in the 2010 parliamentary election. In 2010-2011 he was serving as a MP replacing Julia Kronlid during her absence for having a child. 

Following the death of William Petzäll in 2012 (who had been elected to parliament on the SD list), Bojerud became a member of parliament.

Robert Broberg

Robert Zero Karl Oskar Broberg (2 July 1940 – 21 July 2015) was a Swedish singer, composer and artist. In 1989 he received "Karamelodiktstipendiet" Award.

Broberg died in Stockholm, Sweden from Parkinson's disease, aged 75.


Dieter Moebius

Dieter Moebius (16 January 1944 – 20 July 2015) was a German-Swiss electronic musician. He founded a band Kluster in 1969.


Dick Nanninga

Dirk "Dick" Jacobus Willem Nanninga (17 January 1949 – 21 July 2015) was a Dutch footballer, who played for the Dutch clubs BV Veendam, Roda JC and MVV Maastricht. He also had a short spell with Hong Kong club Seiko.

Nanninga earned 15 caps and scored 6 goals for the Netherlands national football team. In the 1978 FIFA World Cup final, he scored the equalizing goal against Argentina in normal time; however, Argentina went on to win 3–1 in extra time.

In 2012 Nanninga went into a coma and only regained conscience five months later. Due to diabetes his left lower leg had to be amputated.

Having lost left lower leg, he was asked what he missed most about not having a leg. The answer went along the lines of, "..er, well, actually eh..., the lower part." In 2014 his right lower leg also had to be amputated. His death was announced on 21 July 2015.

John Kasich 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of John Kasich, the 69th Governor of Ohio, began on July 21, 2015.
Kasich, the Governor of Ohio, announced his candidacy at The Ohio State University in the Ohio Union. He suspended his campaign on May 4, 2016. He won 154 delegates, coming fourth in the Republican primaries. He won his home state, Ohio. He was the last challenger to Donald Trump, and the last to drop out.

James Abdnor

James Abdnor (February 13, 1923 – May 16, 2012) was a Republican U.S. Senator from South Dakota. He served in the United States Senate from 1981 to 1987. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1973 to 1981.

Abdnor was born on February 13, 1923 in Kennebec, South Dakota. He graduated from the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in 1945. Abdnor died on May 16, 2012, at the age of 89.

Axwell

Sven Axel Christofer Hedfors (born 18 December 1977), better known under his stage name Axwell, is a Swedish DJ and record producer. He is a remixer and owner of Axtone Records. He is one third of what once was the Swedish House Mafia along with Sebastian Ingrosso and Steve Angello. In 2013 he was placed 19th on the DJ Magazine Top 100 DJ Poll.

Spencer Bachus

Spencer Bachus (born December 28, 1947) is an American politician. He served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1993 to 2015. A member of the Republican Party, he served as chairman of the House Financial Services Committee (2011–2013).

Bachus was born on December 28, 1947 in Birmingham, Alabama. He graduated in 1969 from Auburn University. In 1972 he graduated from the University of Alabama School of Law. He is married to Linda Bachus. They have five children.


Jeb Hensarling

Jeb Hensarling (born May 29, 1957) is an American politician. Hensarling was the U.S. Representative for Texas's 5th congressional district, serving from 2003 to 2019.

He was the chair of the House Financial Services Committee, and has previously served as the chairman of the House Republican Conference from 2011 to 2013. Hensarling is a member of the Republican Party.

On October 31, 2017, Hensarling announced that he would retire from Congress at the end of his current term, and would not seek re-election in 2018.

Hensarling was born on May 29, 1957 in Stephenville, Texas. He graduated from Texas A&M University with a Bachelor of Arts degree. He received his Juris Doctor at University of Texas at Austin. He is married to Melissa Hensarling. They have two children.


Edward Furlong

Edward Furlong (born August 2, 1977) is an American actor. He began working as an actor in 1991. He played John Connor in "". He played Hawk in "Detroit Rock City". His other movies include "Before and After", "American History X" and "Brainscan".

Furlong was born in Glendale, California.

Philippine Sports Stadium

The Philippine Sports Stadium or the New Era University (NEU) Stadium, is a football and track stadium in Bocaue, Bulacan, Philippines. It is inside Ciudad de Victoria which is owned by the Inglesia Ni Cristo. The stadium is built near the Philippine Arena, an indoor arena. The Philippine Sports Stadium is the largest football stadium in the Philippines and can be filled by 25,000 people. It can accommodate almost double the number of people that can fit inside the Rizal Memorial Stadium which is the national stadium. The Rizal Memorial Stadium can be filled by 12,000 people.

Isithembu

Isithembu means polygamy and is still a custom in many parts of Africa. Isithembu (also called Sethepu) is the African custom of a man being able to have more than one wife at the same time. There were and are several situations that allow a man to have additional wives. A man may marry again if his current wife or wives cannot have children. He keeps his current wife or wives as divorce is not allowed. She becomes the senior wife, a position of honor. A man may marry again if his current wife or wives have not produced male children. He can marry again if a wife does not want children. In some places, if a man dies, his wife or wives are married to his brother. This way his family is cared for. The Swazi culture says a man should have many wives. Polygamy (Isithembu) is normal for men. Woman should have children, which is normal for them.




<br>

Cob (material)

Cob, or clom in Wales, is a natural building material.

Cob is made from "subsoil" (soil below the top layer), water, some kind of fibrous organic material (usually straw), and sometimes lime. The contents of subsoil varies and if it does not contain the right mixture is can be modified with sand or clay. Cob is fireproof, resists seismic activity, and inexpensive. It can be used to create artistic, sculptural forms and has been revived in recent years by the natural building and sustainability movements.

Cob material is known by many names including adobe, lump clay, puddled clay, chalk mud, wichert, clay daubins, swish (African), torchis (French), bauge (French), bousille (French mud with moss). 

The material has a long life-span even in rainy climates, provided a tall foundation and large roof overhang are present.

E. L. Doctorow

Edgar Lawrence "E. L." Doctorow (January 6, 1931July 21, 2015) was an American author. He was best known for his works of historical fiction. He was mostly known for his books "The Book of Daniel", "Ragtime", and "Billy Bathgate".

Doctorow was born in The Bronx, New York City. His mother was Rose Doctorow and his father was David Doctorow, both of Jewish descent. He studied at Kenyon College and at Columbia University. In 1953, he married Helen Esther Setzer. They had three children.

Doctorow taught at several universities. He was professor of English and American letters at New York University.

Doctorow won many writing awards, including the National Book Critics Circle Award for "Ragtime", National Book Critics Circle Award for "Billy Bathgate", National Book Critics Circle Award for "The March," and the American Academy of Arts and Letters Gold Medal for Fiction. 

President Barack Obama called him "one of America's greatest novelists".

Doctorow died of lung cancer on July 21, 2015, aged 84, in Manhattan. His wife Helen and their three children were still alive.


Luiz Paulo Conde

Luiz Paulo Fernández Conde (6 August 1934 – 21 July 2015) was a Brazilian politician and architect. Conde served as the Vice Governor of Rio de Janeiro state from 2003 to 2007. He previously served as the Mayor of Rio de Janeiro from 1997 to 2001. Conde was born in Rio de Janeiro.

Conde died in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 80.

Carmino Ravosa

Carmino Ravosa (January 29, 1930 – July 19, 2015) was an American composer and lyricist, singer, pianist, as well as a producer, director, and musical historian. Ravosa, who wrote music for children for decades. He was one of the most popular songwriters for schools in the country.

Ravosa was an author and editor for Silver Burdett & Ginn's music textbook series "World of Music" and "The Music Connection", and the composer of the theme musicals in the two series. He also was a songwriter for the CBS children's shows "Captain Kangaroo" and "Romper Room", the PBS program "Shining Time Station", and the PBS publication "Sesame Street Magazine".

Aude (river)

The Aude is a river of southern French. It starts in the Pyrénées mountains and ends in the Mediterranean Sea. The Aude department is named after this river.

In Roman times, the Aude was called "Atax" by the Romans. In all likelihood the current name comes from gradual changes of "Atax", a word borrowed from the Celtic "atacos" meaning "spirited" or "very fast"

The Aude has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 41.40 cubic metres per second at Moussan.

The Aude starts in the "Massif of Carlit" at the Lac d'Aude at an elevation of in the commune of Les Angles (Pyrénées-Orientales department).

From the Pyrénées to Carcassonne, the river flows generally from south to north and then turns to the east. The river then flows into the Mediterranean Sea a few kilometres from Narbonne at Grau de Vendres (near Cabanes-de-Fleury) on the border between the departments of Aude and Hérault.
The Aude flows through 1 region, 4 departments and 75 "communes". The main "communes" are:


The main tributaries (30 km  or more long) of the Aude river are:



Gamebook

A gamebook is a book that is also a game. It is sometimes called solo adventure, or choose your own adventure (CYOA). "Choose Your Own Adventure" is the name of a famous series of gamebooks.

The book is made of several paragraphs. The paragraphs are numbered. You do not read the paragraphs in order. At the end of a paragraph, you make a choice between two or more possibilities; your choice leads to another paragraph.

For example,

You can read the book several times. If you make different choices, you read a different story each time.

Some gamebooks are adventure games. They tell the story of an adventurer. These books are usually related to role-playing games. They are often science-fiction books, or fantasy books.

Some gamebooks are educational. They are used to learn something. A gamebook is funny to read; the reader is active (he makes choices). The gamebook can describe real situations where people must make choices; the paragraphs explain the consequences of the choices. Gamebooks can be a good way to make a subject more interesting.

Gamebooks can contain small games inside: riddles, puzzles, dice games, etc.

Some series are spin-offs of novels. For example, the gamebooks series "Give Yourself Goosebumps" is a spin-off of the "Goosebumps" series.

Some gamebooks are adventure for role-playing games (RPGs), played by only one people. They are called "solo adventure", or "solitaire adventure". The first solo adventure was written in 1976 for the RPG "Tunnels and Trolls".

Some games are spin-offs of gamebooks. For example,


Basilica Cistern

The Basilica Cistern is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns under the city of Istanbul (formerly Constantinople), Turkey. The cistern, is close to the Hagia Sophia.

Emperor Justinian I commissioned his city prefect Longinus to build it. It was completed in 532, after the Nika riots. As many as 7,000 slaves worked to build the cistern.

The large cistern provided a water source for the emperor's palace. Sometime before the Ottoman conquest of Constantinople in 1453 the cistern was closed. It was discovered in 1545 by Petrus Gyllius. After that Ottoman city officials used it for dumping waste including corpses. It has been restored at least three times. In 1985 it was closed for cleaning again. In 1987 it was opened to the public as a tourist attraction. 2 million tourists visited the Cistern in 2013.

The cistern is a huge underground room that measures about by It is about in area. The cistern can hold of water. The ceiling is supported by 336 marble columns. Each one is high.

The cistern was used for a James Bond movie "From Russia with Love". Also the 2009 movie "The International" was shot here. The 2011 video game, "" includes scenes from the Basilica Cistern.


José Sazatornil

José Sazatornil Buendía (13 August 1925 – 23 July 2015) was a Spanish actor. He appeared in many movies since making his debut in 1946. In 1989, he received the Goya Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the movie "Espérame en el cielo" by Antonio Mercero.

Sazatornil died in Madrid from complications from Alzheimer's disease, aged 89.

Advocacy

Advocacy can be defined as "public support for or recommendation of a particular cause or policy". It is a political process by an individual or group which aims to influence decisions within political, economic, and social systems and institutions.

Advocacy can include many activities that a person or organization undertakes. These can include media campaigns, public speaking, commissioning and publishing research. It can include conducting exit polls or the filing of an amicus brief. Lobbying (often by lobby groups) is a form of advocacy. This is where a direct approach is made to legislators on an issue in modern politics. Professional lobbyists are employed by advocacy groups also called special interest groups.

There are any number of corporations, religious groups, citizen groups, think tanks and foundations who want to make sure their interests are heard by lawmakers. This is both in the United States and the European Union. Advocacy groups also use their influence in the election and appointing of judges.

Chevrolet TrailBlazer

The North American Chevrolet TrailBlazer was a midsize SUV sold by the Chevrolet division of General Motors. The name came from a trim package on the S10 Blazer in 1999.

In 2002 the TrailBlazer became its own model and was made through the 2009 model year. It replaced the Blazer as Chevrolet's medium size sport utility vehicle. In 2002 it came with a 270 horsepower 4.2 liter engine. It was built on a truck chassis and came with four-wheel drive. It also had four-wheel disc brakes with an anti-lock braking system. There were two trim levels, LT and SS. The SS model came with a 6.0 liter LS2 V8 engine with 390 horsepower. The SS also had 20" aluminum wheels. The TrailBlazer also offered an extended package that had third row seating. In June 2008 GM announced that the TrailBlazer and its siblings would be discontinued due to the decision to close Moraine Assembly. The last TrailBlazer rolled off the assembly line on December 15, 2008.

In 2012 the TrailBlazer name was brought back for international sales. The new TrailBlazer is built in Thailand and is to be sold in Thailand. The new TrailBlazer is built on the second generation Chevrolet Colorado chassis. It will be sold worldwide except not in the United States. Chevrolet feels it would steal sales from its Equinox and Traverse CUVs. Although not a true SUV, the Traverse replaced the TrailBlazer in the US model lineup.

<br>

Grant's gazelle

The Grant's gazelle ("Nanger granti") is a species of gazelle. It lives in many parts of East Africa. Its Swahili name is "Swala Granti". It is named after explorer James A. Grant.

The Grant's gazelle stands tall. The females weigh between and males weigh between . Its coat is a beige orange on the back with a white belly. The Grant's gazelle looks similar to a Thomson's gazelle, except for some distinguishing features, such as a different horn shape. Grant's gazelles are very fast.

The Grant's gazelle is found in East Africa. It lives in open grass plains and shrublands. They are well adapted to dry areas. They get most of their water by eating plants.

The most common predators of the Grant's gazelle are cheetahs and wild dogs. Humans also hunt gazelles. Jackals are predators of fawns.

The Grant’s gazelle is still a common species, but its population is going down. Estimates of the population range from 140,000 to 350,000. It is threatened by habitat destruction and hunting. It is protected in national parks and reserves in Tanzania and Kenya.

EXID

EXID is a five-member South Korean-Pop girl group. Its members are Solji, LE, Hani, Hyelin and Junghwa. They debuted on February 12, 2012 with the release of "Holla". The quintet released their first EP "Hippity Hop" in August 2012. It was met with limited success. Their 2014 single "Up & Down", however, reached number one on the Gaon Singles Chart four months after its release.
They mostly became more famous after the fancam of the member " hani " which hits 10 Views on YouTube .

EXID released their next mini-album "Ah Yeah" on April 13, 2015. The song of the same name "Ah Yeah" was its lead single. The single also was met with commercial success as it peaked at the position on the Gaon Singles Chart.




Dik-dik

A dik-dik is a small antelope in the genus Madoqua that lives in the bushlands of eastern and southern Africa.

Dik-diks stand about 30–40 cm (12–16 in) at the shoulder, are 50–70 cm (20–28 in) long, weigh 3–6 kg (7–16 lb) and can live for up to 10 years. 

Dik-diks are named after the alarm calls of the females. In addition to the females' alarm call, both males and females make a shrill, whistling sound. These calls may alert other animals to predators. The dik-dik is a favourite prey of the cheetah.

There are four species:

Phyllis Smith

Phyllis Smith (born July 10, 1951) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Phyllis Lapin-Vance in "The Office" and her voice role as Sadness in the Disney/Pixar movie "Inside Out".


Christopher M. Fairman

Christopher M. Fairman (1960 or 1961 – July 22, 2015) was an American professor of law at the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law and Associate Dean for Faculty. He was also the C. William O'Neill Professor in Law and Judicial Administration. He was known for his book "". Fairman was born in Kansas. He was awarded the "Outstanding Professor Award 2003" by the Graduating Class of 2003.

Fairman died after suffering cardiac arrest in Columbus, Ohio, aged 54.

Bret Iwan

Brett Alexander "Bret" Iwan (born September 10, 1982 in Pasadena, California) is an American voice actor and illustrator. He is the 4th and current voice of Mickey Mouse. He started doing that voice after the death of Wayne Allwine, who did the voice before. He first recorded Mickey Mouse dialogue for Disney's Animal Kingdom theme park. He also recorded it for 2009 Disney On Ice: Celebrations and Disney Live: Rockin' Road Show.

Price elasticity of demand

In economics, the price elasticity of demand (PED or E) is a measure to show the responsiveness (or elasticity) of the quantity demanded for a good or service to a change in its price, ceteris paribus. It is also known as the percentage change in quantity demanded for a good or service for a percentage change in the price of the same good or service. In short, the price elasticity of demand is given by the following formula:

formula_1

As the price and the quantity demanded of a good are inversely related (i.e. an increase in price will always cause a decrease in quantity demanded and vice versa), the sign of PED is always negative. Hence, economists tend to just ignore the sign and compare the absolute values instead.

In absolute terms, if the percentage change in the price is more than proportionate than the percentage change in the quantity demanded, the elasticity value is greater than one and the demand for the good is price elastic. Likewise, if the percentage change in the price is less than proportionate than the percentage change in the quantity demanded, the elasticity value is smaller than one and the demand for the good is price inelastic.

In diagrams, the price elasticity of demand is shown by the gradient of the demand curve. A steeper curve refers to a more price inelastic demand whereas a gentler curve refers to a more price elastic demand.

Factors that affect the price elasticity of demand for a good include:

Fjällbacka

Fjällbacka is a locality in Tanum Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 859 people lived there. It is wellknown as a summer tourist resort.


Spencer Abraham

Spencer Abraham (born June 12, 1952) is an American politician. He represented Michigan in the United States Senate from 1995 until 2001. He was the 10th United States Secretary of Energy. He is a Republican.

Abraham was born on June 12, 1952 in East Lansing, Michigan. He graduated from Michigan State University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1974. Abraham received his J.D. degree from Harvard Law School in 1979. He is married to Jane Abraham.


Grebbestad

Grebbestad is a locality in Tanum Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,401 people lived there,


Pschent

The Pschent was the name of the Double Crown of Ancient Egypt. The Ancient Egyptians called it "sekhemti" meaning the Two Powerful Ones. The Pschent was made from the Red Deshret Crown of Lower Egypt and the White Hedjet Crown of Upper Egypt.

The Pschent was a symbol of the pharaoh's power over all Egypt. The design used two animals, a cobra and a vulture. The Egyptian cobra, known as the uraeus, ready to strike, was a symbol for the Lower Egyptian goddess Wadjet. The Egyptian vulture was a symbol for the Upper Egyptian goddess Nekhbet. These were placed on the front of the Pschent and called the "Two Ladies".

The First Dynasty pharaoh Menes is said to have invented the Pschent. The first pharoah to be shown wearing the Double Crown was Djet, in a rock inscription showing his Horus wearing it.

The list of kings on the Palermo Stone shows the Lower Egyptian pharaohs wearing the Red Crown. After Egypt is unified, the list shows all First Dynasty and later pharaohs wearing the Pschent. But the Cairo fragment, shows Lower Egyptian rulers wearing the Pschent.

None of the Egyptian crowns have survived (or been found yet). Like the Deshret and the Hedjet Crowns, the Pschent is known only from statues, paintings, inscriptions, and ancient stories.

Among the gods shown wearing the Double Crown are Horus and Atum. These both represented the pharaoh or had a special relationship to the pharaoh.

Greenville, Maine

Greenville is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,437 at the 2020 census. The town is centered on the lower end of Moosehead Lake.

Deshret

Deshret was the name for the Red Crown of Lower Egypt. When joined with the Hedjet, the White Crown of Upper Egypt, it forms the Pschent. This double crown was called the "sekhemti" in ancient Egyptian. Deshret was also the name for the desert Red Land on either side of the Nile river.

The Red Crown in Egyptian language hieroglyphs became the vertical letter "n" . The old "n" hieroglyph from the Predynastic Period, and the Old Kingdom was a sign showing ripples in water.

In mythology, the earth god Geb, the first ruler of Egypt, gave Horus the power to rule over Lower Egypt. The Egyptian pharaohs, who saw themselves as successors of Horus, wore the deshret to show their authority over Lower Egypt. Other gods wore the "deshret" too, such as the protective serpent goddess Wadjet and the creator-goddess of Sais, Neith, who often is shown wearing the Red Crown.

The Red Crown would later be joined with the White Crown of Upper Egypt to form the Double Crown. This was a symbol to show their rule over the whole country, which they called "The Two Lands".

The Red Land, the deserts and foreign lands around Egypt, was ruled by Seth. The Egyptians saw it as a dangerous confusing place, without laws or any order.

None of the red crowns have survived. It is not known how the crown was made or what materials were used. It could have been made from copper, reeds, cloth, or even leather.

The Red Crown is often shown in texts, wall carvings and statues. An early example shows a victorious pharaoh wearing the "deshret" on the Narmer Palette. A text from the reign of Djer records a royal visit to the shrine of the Deshret which may have been at Buto in the Nile delta.

No crown has ever been found buried with any of the pharaohs, even in tombs that have not been robbed. This suggests that the deshret was passed from one king to the next, much as in present-day monarchies.


Adi Parashakti

Adi Parashakti also referred to as Adi Shakti, Mahadevi, is the supreme goddess in Shaktism tradition in Hinduism. According to that tradition, the goddess is recognized as superior to all deities.

Shaktas conceive the Goddess as the supreme, ultimate, eternal reality of all existence, or same as the Brahman concept of Hinduism. She is considered to be simultaneously the source of all creation. She has manifested herself as Shiva in male form. Her half is Shiva. 

The Devi Bhagavata Purana described her in the form of Bhuvaneshvari. In her physical form she is described as the Mother of the Universe and is residing Manidweepa above all of the other realms.

Mahadevi can take various forms including Kali, Durga, and Tripura Sundari.

According to the Kalikula tradition in Shaktism. Mahakali is the highest aspect of Mahadevi.

According to the Srikula tradition in Shaktism, Tripura Sundari is the foremost of the Mahavidyas, the highest aspect of Mahadevi and also the primary goddess of Sri Vidya. 

In Shaivism sect of hinduism, the Devi Parvati is the complete incarnation of Adi Parashakti.

Secondary sector

The secondary sector includes industries that produce a finished, usable product or are involved in construction.

This sector generally takes the output of the primary sector and manufactures finished goods. The sector is an energy-consuming sector that consists of all facilities and equipment used for producing, processing, or assembling goods. 

The Hunting of the Snark

The Hunting of the Snark (An Agony in 8 Fits) is a nonsense poem written by Lewis Carroll, the pen name of Charles Lutwidge Dodgson.

The poem was written from 1874 to 1876. The setting, some creatures, and eight portmanteau words are taken from Carroll's earlier poem "Jabberwocky" in his children's novel "Through the Looking-Glass" (1871). The eight words are: "bandersnatch", "beamish", "frumious", "galumphing", "jubjub", mimsiest (which previously appeared as "mimsy" in "Jabberwocky"), "outgrabe" and "uffish".

The first two stanzas contain one of the most famous quotations in nonsense poetry:

The Bellman refers the mediaeval use of a town crier or bellman. He would ring his bell, and shout "Oyez, Oyez, Oyez!" at set places in a town, and read out proclamations of legal decisions made by courts or the town council. This was necessary because most people were illiterate.

Another curiosity of the poem is that the crew of ten all have occupations beginning with the letter "B".

"What I tell you three times is true": The idea of repetition as a grounds for truth is sometimes called the Bellman's theory. That, of course, is humour. All the same, repetition is a recurring trope in many kinds of discussion and argument.

"The Hunting of the Snark" has been many times adapted for the theatre, and many times referred to in fiction.

Elf: Buddy's Musical Christmas

Elf: Buddy's Musical Adventure is an American 2014 stop-motion animated Christmas musical television special. It is based on the Elf” dramas including the Will Ferrell movie and the Broadway musical. The story is about Buddy the Elf (voice of Jim Parsons) leaving the North Pole to find his father Walter Hobbs (Mark Hamill). David Hinckley of the New York Daily News said it was a "delightful animated hour". Gail Pennington of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch wrote "'Elf: Buddy's Musican Christmas' "should be on the Christmas TV calendar for years to come". Metacritic gave it a metascore of 74.

<br> 

Pitbull (rapper)

Armando Christian Pérez (born January 15, 1981), better known by his stage name Pitbull, is an American rapper, singer and businessman. He was born in Miami, Florida, to parents who are Cuban.

In 2004, he released his first album "M.I.A.M.I." under TVT Records. Pitbull later released his second album, "El Mariel", in 2006. His third album, "The Boatlift", followed in 2007. 

His fourth album, "Rebelution" (2009), included the hit single "I Know You Want Me (Calle Ocho)". It was his first internationally popular song. "I Know You Want Me" peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

In 2012, Pitbull was in an advertising campaign with Walmart. The advertising campaign would have Pitbull visit, and put on a show, in the location of the Walmart store that received the most Facebook "likes" from June 18 to July 15, 2012, . An online campaign entitled "#exilepitbull" started by journalist David Thorpe of The Boston Phoenix, and Jon Hendren, writer for the comedy website SomethingAwful.com. The campaign urged people to vote for a remote location, this location being Kodiak, Alaska. In an email to the Associated Press, Walmart confirmed that Kodiak was the winning location. Walmart did not go ahead with the visit, regardless Pitbull decided to visit Kodiak and thier Walmart on July 30. He did a performance for the city, and received a key to the city from Mayor Patricia Branson. David Thorpe, who had started the "#exilepitbull" campaign, was invited to attend, and showed up.

Tove Lo

Ebba Tove Elsa Nilsson (born 29 October 1987), better known by her stage name Tove Lo, is a Swedish singer and songwriter. She was born and raised in Stockholm, Sweden. She graduated from musical magnet school Rytmus Musikergymnasiet. Early in her life she started writing poetry and short stories. She wrote songs for other singers including Icona Pop and Girls Aloud. Lo then began writing songs for herself. She self-released her single "love Ballad" in 2012. Her 2013 single "Habits" reached #3 on the Billboard Hot 100. In 2014 she released her debut album "Queen of the Clouds". It peaked at #14 on the Billboard Hot 200.


<br>

Amy Childs

Amy Andrea Childs (born 7 June 1990) is an English reality television star, model, businesswoman and fashion designer. Childs is best known for appearing in the ITV series The Only Way Is Essex. She appeared on the show for two season. Childs later had her own reality series It's All About Amy. She participated in Celebrity Big Brother in its eighth season.

Childs was born in Barking, London, England. Her parents are Billy and Julie Childs. The family moved to Brentwood, Essex when Childs was six years old. She received diplomas from Brentwood Academy in Beauty Specialist Techniques. In 2010 she joined the cast on the structured reality show The Only Way Is Essex, also called TOWIE. She left TOWIE in May 2011. She was a housemate in the 2011 series of Celebrity Big Brother. She finished in fourth place. In December 2011, she started her own reality show, "It’s All About Amy". She opened her own beauty salon called "Amy Childs Salon" in Essex.

At the 2011 Reality TV Awards, Childs received the "personality of the year award".

Mooselookmeguntic Lake

Mooselookmeguntic Lake is a lake in the western part of Maine. It is near the border of New Hampshire and the Canadian province of Quebec. It is inside two counties; Franklin and Oxford. It is part of the Androscoggin River watershed. The lake is just a few miles from the Appalachian Trail. 

Mooselookmeguntic Lake gets water from several rivers. These are the Cupsuptic River, the Rangeley River in Rangeley and the Kennebago River. 

The lake's waters flow out to the southeast, into Upper Richardson Lake. There is a dam between the two lakes. It raises the level of Mooselookmeguntic Lake about 14 feet. When the dam was built, this connected Mooselookmeguntic with Cupsuptic Lake. The two lakes had been separate before. The new lake is used as a reservoir.

Mooselookmeguntic Lake's deepest part is . Its surface area is . It is the fourth largest lake in Maine. Mooselookmeguntic Lake is 1,467 feet (447 meters) above sea level.

There are two large islands south of Mooselookmeguntic Lake. These are named "Toothaker Island" and "Students Island".

The name "Mooselookmeguntic" is really an Abnaki word that means "moose feeding place". 

There is a local story that a Native American was hunting moose in the area, and he saw one. The native had forgotten to load his rifle with ammunition, but shot at the animal anyway. Thinking he had ruined his rifle, he began yelling at the moose about his bad luck. He said: "Moose, look! My gun stick"! This is only a legend but is told often as history. Because of this, another spelling sometimes used is Mooselookmeguntick Lake.

Mooselookmeguntic Lake is one of the longest place names in the United States. It is tied in third place with Kleinfeltersville, a small town in Pennsylvania. They both have 17 letters.

The lake has a good variety of fishes, and is a popular tourist attraction for fishing.

Audi Cup 2015

The Audi Cup 2015 (the fourth edition of the Audi Cup) is a two-day tournament in Munich, Germany. The participating teams are Bayern Munich, Real Madrid, Milan and Tottenham Hotspur.


Franz Beckenbauer Cup

The Franz Beckenbauer Cup is an friendly association football tournament that takes place in Munich, Germany. It was created to honour the German forward, Franz Beckenbauer. The tournament has not been played since 2010. The 2009 and 2011 tournaments were replaced by the Audi Cup.

Preeti Desai

Preeti Desai (born 29 September 1985) is a British actress and model. She was Miss Great Britain 2006. Desai made history by becoming the first woman of Indian origin to ever win the beauty pageant title.

Whitney Port

Whitney Eve Port (born March 4, 1985) is an American television personality, fashion designer and writer of books. She was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. She attended Crossroads School in Santa Monica. In 2006, Port became famous when she appeared on the reality series "The Hills" on MTV.

Lo Bosworth

Lauren Ogilvie "Lo" Bosworth (born September 29, 1986) is an American television personality and writer. She was born and raised in Laguna Beach, California. There she attended Laguna Beach High School.

In 2004, Bosworth became famous when she appeared on the reality series "Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County". She appeared later in the series spin-off "The Hills".

The Hills

The Hills was an American reality television series. It aired on MTV from May 31, 2006 until July 13, 2010.

Kristina and Karissa Shannon

Kristina and Karissa Shannon (born October 2, 1989 in Ann Arbor, Michigan) are American twin sisters that works as glamour models. That have been "Playboy" Playmates working for "Playboy" founder and owner Hugh Hefner. They also appeared on Hefner's television series "The Girls Next Door".

They were housemates in Celebrity Big Brother (UK) in 2012.

W Horsley Gantt

Dr. William Andrew Horsley Gantt (1892 in Wingina, Virginia – 1980) was an American physiologist and psychologist. He received a B.S. from the University of North Carolina and a medical degree from University of Virginia. In 1922, while doing a medical residency at University Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland, he took a leave of absence to join the American Relief Administration. From 1922-1923 he was Chief at the Petrograd unit in Russia and studied the effect of famine on health. At this time he met Ivan Pavlov. In 1925, he later returned to Petrograd to study under Pavlov at the Institute of Experimental Medicine.

Gantt translated many of Pavlov's works. Some of them were "Lectures on Conditioned Reflexes" and "Lectures on Conditioned Reflexes: Conditioned Reflexes and Psychiatry". He went on to study and publish "Experimental Basis for Neurotic Behavior." His research earned him the Lasker Award in 1946. He was also nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1970.

Gantt founded the Pavlovian Laboratory at Johns Hopkins University under Adolf Meyer. He also founded the Psychophysiological Research Laboratory at the Veterans Administration Hospital in Perry Point, Maryland. In 1953, he was suspended from the VA due to his alleged Communist sympathies. He was later cleared and reinstated. In 1955, he founded the Pavlovian Society and was its president until 1965.

Gantt had many notable friends and associates. Some of them were John Dos Passos, Ogden Nash, F. Scott Fitzgerald, and H. L. Mencken.

Dongguan

Dongguan (Chinese: 东莞) is a city in Guangdong province, China.

It is in the Pearl River delta. Dongguan borders Guangzhou to the north, Huizhou to the northeast, Shenzhen to the south, and the Pearl River to the west.

Dongguan is an industrial city. It ranks behind only Shenzhen, Shanghai and Suzhou in exports among Chinese cities, with $65.54 billion in shipments.
The city is also home to one of the world's largest shopping malls, the New South China Mall.

There is evidence of people living in Dongguan area 5,000 years ago. But Dongguan only became a city in 1985, and since developed from a farming area to a large production centre.

There were 6,949,800 people living in Dongguan at the end of 2008. Of them, 748,700 were local people and 5,201,100 long-term migrants from other parts of China. At the 2010 Census the population had grown to 8,220,237. The number reached 8.29 million by the end of 2012. The average age of, 30 people lived there.82.

The city is mostly hilly to the east and flat in the west. It has 115.98 kilometres (72.07 miles) of shoreline. The city centre of Dongguan is 50 kilometres (31 miles) from Guangzhou to its north. 90 kilometres (56 mi) from Shenzhen to its south, 87 kilometres from Hong Kong and 89 kilometres from Macau by water transport. It is located at the middle of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen economic corridor, a transportation hub.

Dongguan has a wet subtropical weather, It lies just south of the Tropic of Cancer. The average temperature is 23.3 °C (73.9 °F) over the year with average rainfall of 2,042.6 millimetres (80.42 in).

Dongguan is also a famous hometown for many overseas Chinese, the family origin of over 700,000 people in Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau, and over 200,000 nationals living in other countries.


List of tallest buildings in China

This list ranks all tall buildings in China that stand at least tall. 

The following table lists the number of buildings that are 150 meters and taller built within the last 15 years:



List of tallest buildings in Hong Kong

This lists ranks tall buildings in Hong Kong that stand at least 200 metres (656 ft) tall. An equal sign (=) following a rank mean the same height between two or more buildings. The "Year" column indicates the year a building was built.

2003–04 UEFA Women's Cup

The 2003–04 UEFA Women's Cup was the third UEFA Women's Cup. It was won by Umeå IK over 1. FFC Frankfurt.


Pete Conrad

Charles "Pete" Conrad, Jr. (June 2, 1930 – July 8, 1999) was an American test pilot, aeronautical engineer and astronaut. During the Apollo 12 flight he became the third man to walk on the Moon.

On August 21, 1965, Conrad flew into space as pilot of Gemini 5. This was the third trip by astronauts in NASA's Project Gemini. The trip lasted until August 29, 1965. Conrad made another spaceflight as command pilot (pilot in charge) of Gemini 11. This was the ninth trip by astronauts in Project Gemini. The trip lasted from September 12, 1966 to September 15, 1966.

Conrad made his third space flight as spacecraft commander (person in charge) of Apollo 12. This was the second trip to land astronauts on the moon. The trip lasted from November 14, 1969 to November 24, 1969.

Conrad flew in space for the fourth time as commander of the Skylab 2 flight. This was the first flight to take astronauts to Skylab, the first space station sent into space by the United States. The trip lasted from May 25, 1973 to June 22, 1973.

Conrad died in a motorcycle crash in Ojai, California on July 8, 1999.


Field hockey at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament

The women's field hockey tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics was the 9th version of the field hockey tournament at the Summer Olympics.
It began on 29 July, and ended on 10 August. The Netherlands won the tournament over Argentina.


Field hockey at the 2012 Summer Olympics

Field hockey at the 2012 Summer Olympics took place in London, United Kingdom from 29 July to 11 August. There were 12 teams for both the men's and women's tournaments.

The Netherlands won the women's tournament, and Germany won the men's tournament.

Baghlan

Baghlan () is a city in Baghlan Province, Afghanistan.


Netherlands women's national field hockey team

The Netherlands women's national field hockey team is the women's field hockey team that represents the European country of the Netherlands. It is the most successful team in women's field hockey history.

"As of 7 December 2014"



Ellen Hoog

Ellen Hoog (born 26 March 1986 in Bloemendaal, North Holland, Netherlands) is a Dutch field hockey midfielder. She played for the Amsterdamsche Hockey & Bandy Club and the Netherlands women's national field hockey team. She first played for the Netherlands in 2004. She has since played in 124 matches and has scored 32 goals. 

Hoog is sponsored by Ritual Hockey. Along with teammate Eva de Goede, she modeled with "Sports Illustrated" in 2013.

She retired from hockey in May 2017.

Hoog played for The Netherlands field hockey team in the 2008 Beijing and 2012 London Olympics. The Netherlands team won the gold medal for each year. 


Eva de Goede

Eva de Goede (born 23 March 1989 in Zeist, Netherlands) is a Dutch field hockey midfielder. She played for the Netherlands women's national field hockey team. With the Netherlands, she won gold medals in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics, as well as in various other tournaments. In 2018 and 2020 she was awarded the FIH Player of the Year.

Along with her teammate, Ellen Hoog, de Goede has modeled with "Sports Illustrated".

Messerschmitt Bf 110

The Messerschmitt Bf 110 is a twin-engine fighter aircraft. It used two Daimler-Benz DB 600 engines. It was designed as a long-range 3-seat escort fighter in 1935. The first prototype flew on May 12, 1936. The plane was used by the German "Luftwaffe" in the World War II. In Germany it was called "Zerstörer" (the destroyer). Early in the war Germany had great success with the plane until they attacked Great Britain. In the Battle of Britain the Bf 110C was no match for Britain's Supermarine Spitfire and Hawker Hurricane fighters. The planes designed as escorts (to bombers) had to be escorted themselves. They were slow in turns which was a major flaw in the design. The Hurricane's could out-turn them and the Spitfires could out-run them. After very heavy losses they were withdrawn from the battle. The Bf 110s were reassigned to other duties. One role they were well suited for was as night fighters. Major Heinz-Wolfgang Schnaufer, Germany's top night fighter ace, claimed 121 victories flying a Bf 110. 

<br>

Aquanaut

An aquanaut is a person who stays at the bottom of the ocean for 24 hours or longer while exposed to the pressure of the water at that depth in the ocean. This usually happens in a special building, called an underwater habitat, on the ocean bottom.

The first person to stay at the bottom of the ocean for 24 hours was a man from France. His name was Robert Sténuit. This happened in September 1962. The United States Navy had a program in the 1960s called SEALAB in which military aquanauts and scientists spent time on the ocean bottom. This program ended in February 1969 after aquanaut Berry L. Cannon died from breathing too much carbon dioxide.

NASA carries out programs in the Aquarius underwater habitat off Key Largo in Florida. These programs are called "NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations" (NEEMO). The NEEMO programs help teach astronauts how to live and work in outer space.


National Police (France)

In France the Police Nationale (in English language national police) is the state component of public safety. In contrast to the Gendarmerie Nationale personal are all civilian functionnaries of the state. The Police Nationale has several very different sub-directorates, each responsible for specific missions.
In 2014 more than 143 500 peoples were members of the Police Nationale.

In France the Police Nationale is responsible of many missions.
The first and perhaps the most important is, in French language "sécurité des personnes et des biens". It translation is safety of persons and property. This is the true role of each French police officer.
Like many other police services in the world the Police Nationale has many other missions : counter-terrorism, fight against illegal drug trade, riot operations, and sometime SAR missions on the French beaches and mountains, especially in the Alps.

The main directions of the Police Nationale are headquartered in Paris.

The Sécurité Publique (in English language Public Security) is responsible of all missions of police on the French territory. For each French department, there is a departmental office. Also for Corsica and overseas departments of France. The majority of police officers conduct their mission in uniform. However, some units have the ability to act in civilian clothes, they are called BAC, for "Brigade Anti-Criminalité".

It's the branch of the Police Nationale in charge of the fight against illegal immigration. The Police aux Frontières or PAF (in English language Border Police) is present in all French airports, important railway stations, and harbours. The PAF is also present for the security of the famous Channel Tunnel.

The Compagnie Républicaine de Sécurité, or CRS, is one of the famous direction of the Police Nationale. It's the riot unit. It's also the police directorate in charge of beaches and mountains SAR. Finally, the CRS are involved in the fight against road crime, on French motorways.

The Police Judicaire, or PJ, is in charge of criminal investigations. The Police Judiciaire (in English language Judicial Police) tasks range from research of the perpetrators of murders, rapes and robberies in the counter-terrorism. It is also in charge of the scientific police.

The Service de la Protection, or SDLP, is the service of official bodyguards. The SDLP (or in English language Protection Service) is in charge of security of heads of state of the French Republic. In 2015 President of the French Republic François Hollande, French Prime minister Manuel Valls and all ministers are under protection of SDLP police officer. Some foreign ambassadors, like ambassador of United Kingdom, USA, or Israel are also under protection when they are in France.

The RAID (acronym for Recherche, Assistance, Intervention, Dissuasion) is the special unit of the Police Nationale. Made famous in 1993 by a hostage-taking at a school in Neuilly-sur-Seine, it is the elite unit of the Police Nationale. Its members are almost all snipers.
In January 2015 the RAID participated in the hunt for terrorists responsible for the attack against the satirical newspaper "Charlie Hebdo" and the murder of a young policewoman. They led an assault against one of the terrorists holed up in a kosher store in Vincennes, releasing all hostages unharmed. 

If the Police National has not helicopter it has many cars, vans, motorbikes, boats and special vehicles. When police officers need to use an helicopter, they call the Sécurité Civile and their red and yellow Eurocopter EC145.
Cars of the Police Nationale are made by Citroën, Dacia, Ford, Peugeot, and Renault. Motorbikes are BMW and Yamaha.

Eddie Hardin

Eddie Hardin (19 February 1949 – 22 July 2015), was an English rock pianist and singer-songwriter. He was best known for his associations with the Spencer Davis Group, Axis Point also Hardin and York. Hardin, along with the drummer, Pete York, left the Spencer Davis Group on 26 October 1968, due to 'differences over musical policy'.

Hardin died following a heart attack on 22 July 2015 at the age of 66.

Vic Firth

Everett "Vic" Firth (June 2, 1930 – July 26, 2015) was an American musician. He was the founder of Vic Firth Company (formerly Vic Firth, Inc.), a company that makes percussion sticks and mallets.

R. S. Gavai

Ramkrishna Suryabhan Gavai (, Malayalam: രാമകൃഷ്ണന്‍ സുര്യഭാന്‍ ഗവി; 30 October 1929 – 25 July 2015) was an Indian politician. He was Governor of Bihar from 2006 to 2008 and Governor of Kerala from 10 July 2008 to 25 August 2011.

Edward Natapei

Edward Nipake Natapei Tuta Fanua`araki (17 July 1954 – 27 July 2015) was a politician from Vanuatu.

He was elected Prime Minister of Vanuatu on two separate terms, and was previously the Minister of Foreign Affairs briefly in 1991, the acting President of Vanuatu from 2 March 1999 to 24 March 1999 (during a time in which he was the Speaker of Parliament), and Deputy Prime Minister.

Five Nights at Freddy's 4

Five Nights at Freddy's 4 is a 2015 indie point-and-click survival horror video game designed by Scott Cawthon, and the fourth entry in the "Five Nights at Freddy's" series. The game was released on Steam on July 23, 2015.

A demo for the game was released to select YouTubers on July 21, 2015, with the full game being released on July 23, 2015. The game was released for Android devices on July 25, 2015.

In this game, you are a child called c.c or crying child who has to stop 'Nightmare', animatronics from getting into your room and killing you. You can shut doors but they won't stay closed. You must shine your flashlight on the bed so Freddy won't kill you. There is also a minigame where you must have Plushtrap (A small Springtrap) sit on an X.

Peg Lynch

Margaret Frances “Peg” Lynch (November 25, 1916 – July 24, 2015), was an Americans television writer and actor. She was the creator of the radio and television sitcom "Ethel and Albert".


Becket, Massachusetts

Becket is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the Pittsfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,931 at the 2020 census.

Bastille Day military parade

The Bastille Day military parade is a French military parade in Paris. It traditionally takes place every July 14th in the morning, on the famous Champs-Élysées. It celebrate the attack against the Bastille, the beginning of the French Revolution and the first federation commemoration on 14, July 1790.

The units that parade that day, "descend" the Champs-Élysées, from the Arc de Triomphe to Place de la Concorde. Front of the Luxor Obelisk a large temporary official stand is assembled. It allows to welcome the President of the French Republic, members of the government, and all foreign guests. 
The military parade was cut into several sequences, somewhat in the manner of a play.

President of the French Republic leaves the Élysée Palace aboard his official car and joined the Arc de Triomphe, escorted by bikers of the Republican Guard. After that he boarded a military vehicle, his command car. From that moment, under the protocol, it fully embodies the role of "Chief of the Armies".
Thus he reviews the troops stationed on the right side of the avenue. Aboard his military vehicle he rejoind and its place in the official gallery.
A detachment of the Republican Guard makes military honors to the president.

An opening play then takes place. It usually lasts between 15 and 20 minutes. This is often the Band of the Republican Guard, accompanied by the choirs of the French army, and sometimes dancers and even a tenor. Usually musicians play La Marseillaise and the Chant des Partisans. 

The Bastille Day military parade begins really by the first flypast. The Alpha Jet of the famous Patrouille de France fly over Paris. They produce smokes of three colors, blue, white, and red, like of the Flag of France. Behind them marched combat aircraft, military transport aircraft, reconnaissance aircraft and training aircraft. These aircraft represent military and state components : French Air Force, French Navy, and French Sécurité Civile.
In 2015 the most represented were Dassault Mirage 2000, Dassault Rafale, Casa CN-235M, Airbus A400M Atlas, and Bombardier CL-415.

After it's the moment for the troops to make the parade. In first the military schools and behind them the regiments and formed units. In addition of soldiers and officers (of the French Army, the French Navy, and the French Air Force) firemen of the Paris Fire Brigade and Sécurité Civile, and policemen of the Gendarmerie Nationale and Police Nationale make the parade.

The troops parade always ends with the famous Légion Étrangère. This elite unit of the French army walks more slowly than other soldiers, so it goes last.

Then comes the turn of the helicopters. From French Army, French Air Force, French Navy, Gendarmerie Nationale, and Sécurité Civile. 
In 2015 it was NH90 Caïman, Eurocopter EC725 Caracal, Eurocopter EC665 Tigre, and Aérospatiale SA-342 Gazelle.

In first, it's motorcycles of the Gendarmerie Nationale and Police Nationale. And after armored military cars, tanks, troops trucks, and specialized vehicles are in Paris. At the end of vehicles parade it's red cars, ambulances and fire trucks of Paris Fire Brigade.

The Bastille Day military parade is very famous in France. All years more than 15 000 peoples come in Paris to see it. It is broadcast in live by two TV channels : TF1 and France 2.

Atlanta United FC

Atlanta United FC is an American soccer team from Atlanta, Georgia that plays in Major League Soccer since the 2017 season. They are in the Eastern Conference. The team was founded on April 16, 2014, and it is owned by the owner of the Atlanta Falcons of the NFL, Arthur Blank. The team's manager right now is Gonzalo Pineda. The team's colors are black, red and gold. The team played their home games at the Bobby Dodd Stadium for part of their first season but now they play at the Mercedes-Benz Stadium after it was completed in August 2017. 

The team's first manager was Gerardo Martino and he helped the team win the MLS Cup in 2018. 

2014 Major League Soccer season

The 2014 Major League Soccer season was the 19th Major League Soccer season. The season had 19 teams (16 from the United States, and 3 from Canada). The Seattle Sounders won the Supporters' Shield, and Los Angeles Galaxy won the MLS Cup. The top scorer was Bradley Wright-Phillips, with 27 goals.



The champion of the overall table, which combines the eastern and western conference, is the champion of the Supporters Shield. This table also will show what team will qualify for next years CONCACAF Champions League.

Supporters' Shield

The Supporters' Shield is an award given to the MLS team that had the most points in the regular season. It was first given out in 1999, and has since been seen as a major trophy. Before 1999, the winners of the regular season won nothing but a spot in the MLS Cup semifinals.

What is the Supporters' Shield?

2006–07 Football League

The 2006–07 Football League was the 108th season of The Football League. Sunderland won the championship.


Gulfstream GA-7 Cougar

The Gulfstream GA-7 Cougar is a light twin-engines aircraft. It was built in USA between 1977 and 1979 at 115 exemples. In 1995 it was built at seven exemples in France by SOCATA at Tarbes.

SIAI-Marchetti S.211

The SIAI-Marchetti S.211 is a military training aircraft. It was built in Italy between 1981 and 1994.
It was sold to Haiti, Philippines, and Singapore as a training or a light attack aircraft.


<br>

Lee Corso

Leland "Lee" Corso (born August 7, 1935) is an American sports broadcaster and football analyst for ESPN and former long-time college football coach. He has been a featured analyst on ESPN's "College GameDay" program since its inception in 1987.

Corso was born and raised in Lake Mary, Florida.


Timurid Empire

The Timurid Empire was a Persianate Turco-Mongol empire that included all of Uzbekistan, Iran, modern Afghanistan, and modern Central Asia. It also included large parts of modern Pakistan, Mesopotamia, Anatolia and the Caucasus. It was formed by the Turco-Mongol conqueror Timur ("Tamerlane") of the Timurid dynasty in the 14th century.


Canadian Championship

The Canadian Championship (also called the Amway Canadian Championship) is an association football tournament for professional Canadian teams. It was created in 2008. The winner of the tournament qualifies for the CONCACAF Champions League, and gets the Voyageurs Cup. As of 2015, the tournament was with Toronto FC, Vancouver Whitecaps FC, Montreal Impact, FC Edmonton and Ottawa Fury FC.

Toronto FC has won 4 titles, which is the best performance from any team in the tournament.


1956–57 Eredivisie

The 1956–57 Eredivisie was the 1st Eredivisie ever played. AFC Ajax won the tournament. The teams were chosen from the last seasons Netherlands Football League Championship.

Eerste Divisie

The Eerste Divisie (English: First Division) is an association football league in the Netherlands. It is the second-highest league in the country. When a team wins the league, they get promoted to the Eredivisie. Until 2015, when a team did bad in the league, they would get sent to the Topklasse. Recently, the team would get sent to the Tweede Klasse instead. The league has been around since 1956.


Fortuna Sittard

Fortuna Sittard is a Dutch association football team from Sittard, Netherlands. On 1 July 1968, Fortuna 54 and Sittardia came together to form Fortuna Sittard. Fortuna 54 was a successful team that won the KNVB Cup. On the other hand, Sittardia was trying to avoid relegation for most of its history. The Royal Dutch Football Association said it would take away Fortuna Sittard's license to play in the 2010–11 season. After going to court, the decision was taken away.





1957–58 European Cup

The 1957–58 European Cup was the 3rd European cup that was won by Real Madrid over AC Milan.

 Borussia Dortmund beat CCA București 3–1 in a play-off to qualify for the quarter-finals.

"Real Madrid won 4–2 on aggregate."

"Milan won 5–2 on aggregate."

The top scorers from the 1957–58 European Cup were as follows:

Samuel Pisar

Samuel Pisar (March 18, 1929 – July 27, 2015) was a Polish-born American lawyer, author, and Holocaust survivor. He used to work at the United Nations. He is considered one of the most influential trade lawyers of our time.

Leo Reise Jr.

Leo Charles Reise, Jr. (June 7, 1922 – July 26, 2015) was a professional ice hockey player in the NHL and son of former pro Leo Reise. He was born in Stoney Creek, Ontario. He won two Stanley Cups with the Detroit Red Wings in 1950 and 1952. 

Reise died in Ancaster, Ontario from lung cancer at the age of 93.

Sea otter

Sea otters ("Enhydra lutris") are marine mammals. They live along the Pacific coast of North America. Their historic range included shallow waters of the Bering Strait. It also included Kamchatka, and as far south as Japan. 

Sea otters have about 26,000 to 165,000 hairs per square centimeters of skin. They have a rich fur for which humans hunted them almost to extinction. By the time the 1911 Fur Seal Treaty gave them protection, so few sea otters remained that the fur trade had become unprofitable. Sea otters eat shellfish and other invertebrates (especially clams, abalone, and sea urchins). 

The otters usually carry a favorite rock in their paws or in a pouch under their forearm. They use it to smash shells open. This makes them one of the few animals that use tools. They grow to in length and weigh . Although once near extinction, they have begun to spread again, from small populations in California and Alaska. Sea otters are one of the smallest mammals in the ocean.

Without the sea otters to eat them, there were too many sea urchins. The sea urchins then began to eat large amounts of kelp. They ate and killed so many kelp plants that they turn kelp forests into desert-like places called urchin barrens. The fish, krill and other animals that lived in the kelp either died or left. In some places where sea otters have returned, like Juan de Fuca Strait, they ate enough sea urchins that the kelp forests grew back.

Sea otters catch the same shellfish, sea urchins, crabs, clams, and abalone, that indigenous peoples in Alaska and Canada need to eat. In May 2020, scientists from Simon Fraser University said in a report that more sea otters in northwestern North America would live if indigenous communities had more freedom to make decisions about them and to make plans based on traditional knowledge of sea otters, mixing in modern Western scientific methods as needed.

<br>

Nargis Fakhri

Nargis Fakhri (born 20 October 1979) is an American model and actress who acts in Indian movies. She has appeared on "America's Next Top Model". Fakhri started her acting career in the 2011 Bollywood movie "Rockstar". She went on to star in the Bollywood movies "Madras Cafe" (2013), "Main Tera Hero" (2014), and had a supporting role in the Hollywood movie "Spy" (2015).

<br>

Albertus Magnus College

Albertus Magnus College is a Catholic private liberal arts college in New Haven, Connecticut, United States. It was ed in 1925 by the Dominican Sisters of St. Mary of the Springs (now Dominican Sisters of Peace). It is located in the Prospect Hill neighborhood of New Haven, near the border with Hamden. Albertus Magnus has associate, bachelor's and master's degree programs. Its ranking in the 2015 edition of Best Colleges, Regional Universities (North), is 115th. 

<br>

La Vestale

La Vestale ("The Vestal Virgin") is a French opera in three acts. Gaspare Spontini wrote the music. The libretto is by Étienne de Jouy. It was first performed in Paris on 15 December 1807. The Italian version by Giovanni Schmidt was performed in Naples on 1811. The opera is Spontini's most successful work. It was revived in 1954 for Maria Callas.




Henning Mankell

Henning Mankell (3 February 1948 – 5 October 2015) was a Swedish writer. He was born in Stockholm. He wrote stories both for the theatre as well as books and television series. He is best known for a series of crime novels, starring a character he created, inspector Kurt Wallander. 

Mankell died of throat and lung cancer in Gothenburg, Sweden on 5 October 2015 at the age of 67.

Six Flags St. Louis

Six Flags St. Louis is a theme park in Eureka, Missouri, United States.

Six Flags Over Georgia

Six Flags Over Georgia is a theme park in Atlanta, Georgia

Survey of India

Survey of India () is the national Indian institute of geodesy and cartography. It was established in 1767. It is in New Delhi. The Survey of India is also responsible to others organizations such as:



State Bureau of Surveying and Mapping

State Bureau of Surveying and Mapping () is the national Chinese institute of geodesy and cartography. It is in Beijing, China.


Institut national de l'information géographique et forestière

The National Institute of Geographic and Forestry Information is the national French organization of mapping, geodesy and cartography. It was established in 1940 in Paris, France.


Federal Service for State Registration, Cadastre and Cartography

The Federal Service for State Registration, Cadastre and Cartography (Rosreestr; ) is the Russian federal agency of geodesy, cartography and real estate. It was established in 2008 in Moscow after the closure of the previous organization that was established during the Soviet period.


Dorney Park &amp; Wildwater Kingdom

Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom is an American amusement and water park owned and operated by Cedar Fair and located in between Allentown, Pennsylvania and Emmaus, Pennsylvania.

Dorney Park traces its history to 1860, when Solomon Dorney built a trout hatchery and summer resort on his estate outside of Allentown. In 1870, Dorney decided to convert the estate into a public attraction. Initially, the facility featured games, playground-style rides, refreshment stands, picnic groves, a hotel, and a restaurant. By the 1880s, Dorney had added a small zoo, and gardens.

Halloween Haunt is an annual event that is held from September to October. The park hires around 700 people for this event. It was originally introduced in 1998 as Halloweekends, but was rebranded Halloween Haunt in 2008.

Halloween Haunt currently features 10 attractions including seven mazes and three scare zones, as well as roaming Street Talent sliders and actors, and two live mainstage shows (Blood Drums and Overlord's Resurrection).

Kepler-452b

Kepler-452b is an extrasolar planet. It circles a Sun-like star Kepler-452. It was identified by the Kepler space telescope. Its discovery was publicly announced by NASA on 23 July 2015. It is about 1.7 times the size of Earth, and it is in the habitable zone of its star, so liquid water can exist on its surface. 

Meral Tasbas

Meral Izabelle Tasbas (born 4 April 1979) is a Swedish television star, singer and actress. She is best known for her appearances in five seasons of the reality series "The Bar". She appeared on it between the years of 2000 and 2004 on TV3.

David Hellenius

David Hellenius (born 28 February 1974) is a Swedish comedian and television host. He has hosted "Idol 2004" and the celebrity dance show "Let's Dance" for ten seasons as of 2015.

Soraya Post

Soraya Viola Heléna Post (born 15 October 1956) is a Swedish politician. She works for the Feminist Initiative party. Post's father was a German born Jew. Her mother was part of the Romani people. In February 2014, Post was voted into the European Parliament.

Mel Martínez

Mel Martinez (born October 23, 1946) is an American politician. He represented Florida in the United States Senate from 2005 until 2009. He was the 12th United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. He is a Republican.

Martinez was born on October 23, 1946 in Sagua La Grande, Cuba. He graduated from Florida State University. He is married to Kitty Martínez. They have three children.

Mitch Daniels

Mitch Daniels (born April 7, 1949) is an American politician. He served as the 49th Governor of Indiana from 2005 to 2013. He was the Director of the Office of Management and Budget from 2001 until 2003. He is a Republican.

Daniels was born on April 7, 1949 in Monongahela, Pennsylvania. He studied at Princeton University and at Georgetown University. He is married to Cheri Herman.

Otto Neurath

Otto Neurath (December 10, 1882 – December 22, 1945) was an Austrian philosopher and member of the Vienna Circle. He wrote books in Basic English. In 1936 Charles Kay Ogden commissioned Otto and his wife Marie Neurath to produce "International Picture Language" as part of a series of eight books in Basic English.

1957–58 Eredivisie

The 1956–57 Eredivisie was the 2nd Eredivisie tournament. Door Oefening Sterk (DOS) won the tournament.

DOS defeated SC Enschede 1–0 in extra time to win their first title. Lastly, Elinkwijk defeated GVAV 2–1 to stay in the Eredivisie, while GVAV were sent to the Eerste Divisie.


1957–58 Eerste Divisie

The 1957–58 Eerste Divisie was the 2nd Eerste Divisie tournament. It was won by Willem II and ADO Den Haag.

The 32 teams in the tournament were put into two groups.

Willem II defeated FC Dordrecht 3–1 to win the tournament.


2014–15 Eredivisie

The 2014–15 Eredivisie was the 59th Eredivisie tournament. PSV Eindhoven won the tournament, ending AFC Ajax's winning streak that was going since 2011.

Because Vitesse won the play-offs, they then qualified for the 2015–16 UEFA Europa League third qualifying round.

Two teams from the 2014–15 Eredivisie and eight from the 2014–15 Eerste Divisie participated in these play-offs. In the end, De Graafschap and Roda JC Kerkrade won the play-offs, meaning that they move on to the 2015–16 Eredivisie, the two teams from the Eredivisie are relegated, and the six other teams remain in the Eerste Divisie.

Cathy McMorris Rodgers

Cathy McMorris Rodgers (born May 22, 1969) is the U.S. Representative for Washington's 5th congressional district since 2005. She chairs the Republican Conference of the United States House of Representatives, and was the vice-chair of the House Republican Conference from 2009 to 2013. McMorris Rodgers is a member of the Republican Party.

McMorris Rodgers was born on May 22, 1969 in Salem, Oregon. She studied at Pensacola Christian College and at University of Washington. She is married to Brian Rodgers. They have three children.


Naviraí

Naviraí is a Brazilian city of the state of Mato Grosso do Sul. About 51,600 people live there (2015). It has an area of .

The city is served by bus and airport, the latter being prepared to operate.

The city of Naviraí was founded in April 1952 and emancipated on November 11, 1963.

Deaths in August 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in August 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Yakub Memon

Yakub Abdul Razak Memon (30 July 1962-30 July 2015) was an Indian terrorist and chartered accountant, who was convicted over his involvement in the 1993 Bombay bombings by Special Terrorist and Disruptive Activities court on 27 July 2007.

Memon is the brother of one of the prime suspects in the bombings, Tiger Memon. His appeals and petitions for clemency were all rejected and he was executed by hanging on 30 July 2015 at 0500 IST in Nagpur jail.

Jan Kulczyk

Jan Jerzy Kulczyk (24 June 1950 – 28 July 2015) was a Polish businessman. He was the founder and owner of Kulczyk Holding, which has its headquarters in Warsaw, and international investment house Kulczyk Investments. He was the richest man in Poland.

Kulczyk died on 28 July 2015 at the age of 65 due to surgery complications in Vienna.

List of governors of Arizona

The governor of Arizona is the head of state and government of the U.S. state of Arizona and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor is also the head of the executive branch of the state government and is the chairwoman of the gubernatorial cabinet. 

Katie Hobbs is the 24th and current governor of Arizona, in office since January 2023.

The governor has the power to enforce state laws and the duty to either approve or veto bills passed by the Arizona Legislature or the Arizona Senate to assemble the legislature and grant pardons, except in cases of impeachment.

Article V, Section 2 of the state's constitution states for a person to serve as governor must:


The governor is elected by the people through the popular election to a four-year term. The gubernatorial candidate or incumbent governor must have the majority of the popular vote in order to win the election.

The state's constitution forbids anyone from being elected governor more than twice.

The Winning Team

The Winning Team is a 1952 biographical movie directed by Lewis Seiler. It is about the life of major league pitcher Grover Cleveland Alexander. It stars Ronald Reagan, Doris Day, and Russ Tamblyn. It was released on June 20, 1952.

Russ Tamblyn

Russell Irving "Russ" Tamblyn (born December 30, 1934) is an American movie and television actor and dancer. He is best known for his performance in title role of the 1958 "Tom Thumb" and the 1961 movie musical "West Side Story" as Riff, the leader of the Jets gang.


George Chakiris

George Chakiris (born September 16, 1932) is an American dancer, singer and actor. He is best known for his appearance in the movie version of "West Side Story" as Bernardo, the leader of the Sharks gang.

SHeDAISY

SHeDAISY is an American country music group. They were founded in the 1999 by sisters Kristyn, Kelsi and Kassidy Osborn. They are from Magna, Utah. The group's name comes from the word "shideezhí", a Navajo term meaning "my little sister".

By 1999 the sisters formed the group SHeDAISY and signed to Lyric Street Records. Their first album, "The Whole SHeBANG", was released that year. The single "Little Good-Byes" from that album charted number three on the country charts. It was certified platinum in the United States. SHeDAISY has charted 15 times on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts. Their hits include "Little Good-Byes," "This Woman Needs", "I Will… But", "Don't Worry 'bout a Thing", and two Christmas singles.



Extravehicular activity

Extravehicular activity (EVA) is when an astronaut or cosmonaut gets out of a spacecraft in outer space, then gets back in. "Extravehicular activity" usually refers to a spacewalk outside a spacecraft orbiting the Earth, but can also refer to a moonwalk on the surface of the Moon. Three Apollo astronauts made spacewalks between the Earth and the Moon while their spacecraft were returning to Earth.

Astronauts from Russia, the United States and China have done EVAs.

Alexey Leonov, a cosmonaut from the Soviet Union, made the first spacewalk on March 18, 1965. He spent 12 minutes outside the Voskhod 2 spacecraft. The first American to make a spacewalk was Edward H. White, II, who spent 36 minutes outside the Gemini 4 spacecraft on June 3, 1965.

The first moonwalk was made by Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin on July 21, 1969 (UTC), during the Apollo 11 trip to the Moon. This first Moon walk lasted for 2 hours and 32 minutes. Twelve human beings have walked on the surface of the Moon.

In 1973, astronauts made spacewalks to repair Skylab, the first space station sent into space by the United States. Skylab had been damaged while it was being launched into space. Many spacewalks were made to build the International Space Station (ISS). Spacewalks are still made to maintain the ISS and fix it when there is a problem.



Cley Marshes

Cley Marshes is a nature reserve on the North Sea coast of England. It is just outside the village of Cley next the Sea, Norfolk. It has been a reserve since 1926. It is the oldest of the reserves belonging to the Norfolk Wildlife Trust (NWT).

Cley Marshes protects an area of reed beds, freshwater marsh, pools and wet meadows. It has been designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), Special Area of Conservation (SAC), Special Protection Area (SPA) and Ramsar Site because of the large numbers of birds it attracts.

Six Flags Over Texas

Six Flags Over Texas is a theme park in Arlington, Texas.


Cry Wolf (A-ha song)

"Cry Wolf" is a 1986 song by Norwegian pop band A-ha and is the second single from their second studio album "Scoundrel Days". It went to number 2 in Norway, number 4 in Ireland, number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in New Zealand, number 12 in the Netherlands, number 13 in Italy and South Africa, number 15 in Belgium, number 16 in the Netherlands and number 20 in Germany.



Cry Wolf (Laura Branigan song)

"Cry Wolf is a 1988 song by Laura Branigan and released as the third single from her fifth studio album "Touch". It was covered by Stevie Nicks for her fourth studio album "The Other Side of the Mirror".

John Smoltz

John Andrew Smoltz, nicknamed "Smoltzie" and "Marmaduke", is an American former pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball played from 1988 to 2009. All but the last year was with the Atlanta Braves.

Independence Hall (Israel)

The Independence Hall of Israel is a building in Tel Aviv in Israel. It is where the ceremony of independence of the State of Israel was held on Friday, May 14, 1948.

The building has been restored to look like it did on the day of the announcement.


Route 386 (Israel)

Route 386 is a road in Israel. It stretches from Tzur Hadassah to Jerusalem.

The route begins in the Judean Mountains at Tzur Hadassah. It starts at a junction with Route 375.

In Jerusalem, the road is named Herzl Boulevard ("Sderot Herzl"). It stretches from the western entrance to the city near the Bridge of Strings to Mount Herzl. The street was named after Theodor Herzl on November 17, 1949. The street passes through the neighborhoods of Kiryat Moshe, Beit Hakerem, Yefeh Nof and Bayit VeGan. The main entrance to Mount Herzl is the number 1.

James Hedges

James "Jim" Hedges (born May 10, 1938 ― March 4, 2024) was a Prohibition activist and former Tax Assessor for Thompson Township, Fulton County, Pennsylvania. He held the distinction as the only individual to be elected to public office from the Prohibition Party in the 21st century, and the first since 1959.

Hedges ran for President of the United States of America in the 2016 presidential election.

He died in Hagerstown, Maryland, on March 4, 2024, at the age of 85.

Alena Vrzáňová

Alena "Ája" Vrzáňová () (also Zanová, married name: Steindler) (16 May 1931 – 30 July 2015), was a Czech figure skater who represented Czechoslovakia in competition. Vrzáňová is the 1949 & 1950 World champion and 1950 European champion. She was born in Prague.

Vrzáňová died suddenly on 30 July 2015 in New York City at the age of 84 while in exile.


Augustin Bubník

Augustin "Gustav" Bubník (21 November 1928 in Prague, Czechoslovakia – 18 April 2017 in Prague, Czech Republic) was a retired ice hockey player for the Czechoslovak national team. He won a silver medal at the 1948 Winter Olympics. He also played in the 1947 and 1949 World Championships. Czechoslovakia won both.

He later worked as ice hockey coach and was elected as MP to the lower chamber of Czech Parliament from the Civic Democratic Party. He also worked as ice hockey coach of the Finnish National Team from 1966 to 1969, and was later inducted to the Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame.

Mario Puzo

Mario Gianluigi Puzo (; ; October 15, 1920 – July 2, 1999) was an American author and screenwriter. He was born in Manhattan, New York City.

He is known for his novels about the Mafia, including "The Godfather" (1969), which was later made into a movie by Francis Ford Coppola. He won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay in both 1972 and 1974.

Puzo died of heart failure in West Bay Shore, New York, aged 78.


Barbara Harris

Barbara Harris (July 25, 1935 – August 21, 2018) was an American actress who was a Broadway stage star and later became a movie actress. She was born in Evanston, Illinois. She was known for being a co-founder of The Second City.

She appeared in such movies as "A Thousand Clowns", "Plaza Suite", "Nashville", "Family Plot", "Freaky Friday", "Peggy Sue Got Married", and "Grosse Pointe Blank". 

Harris won a Tony Award and has been nominated for an Academy Award and received four Golden Globe Award nominations.

Harris died in Scottsdale, Arizona from lung cancer on August 21, 2018, aged 83.


Noel Neill

Noel Darleen Neill (November 25, 1920 July 3, 2016) was an American actress in motion pictures and television. She is known for her portrayal of Lois Lane in the movie serials "Superman" (1948) and "Atom Man vs. Superman" (1950), as well as the 1950s television series "Adventures of Superman".

Following an extended illness, Neill died at age 95 on July 3, 2016 in Tucson, Arizona. 

Don Murray

Donald Patrick "Don" Murray (July 31, 1929 – February 2, 2024) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Beauregard Decker in the 1956 movie "Bus Stop".
Murray starred in television series such as "The Outcasts" (1968–1969), "Knots Landing" (1979–1981), and "Twin Peaks" (2017). 

Murray died at his home in Goleta, California on February 2, 2024 at the age of 94. 


Hope Lange

Hope Elise Ross Lange (November 28, 1933 – December 19, 2003) was an American movie, stage, and television actress.

Lange was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her portrayal of Selena Cross in the 1957 movie "Peyton Place". 

In 1969 and 1970, she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for her role as Carolyn Muir in the sitcom "The Ghost & Mrs. Muir".

Lange died on December 19, 2003, at St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica, California, as a result of an ischemic colitis infection at the age of 70.


Alan J. Pakula

Alan Jay Pakula (April 7, 1928 – November 19, 1998) was an American movie director, writer and producer. He was nominated for three Academy Awards: Best Picture for "To Kill a Mockingbird" (1962), Best Director for "All the President's Men" (1976) and Best Adapted Screenplay for "Sophie's Choice" (1982). He was also known for his movies "Klute" and "The Parallax View". He was born in New York City.

Pakula was killed in a car accident in Melville, New York, aged 70.


The Parallax View

The Parallax View is a 1974 American thriller movie directed by Alan J. Pakula. It was written by Lorenzo Semple Jr.. It stars Warren Beatty, Hume Cronyn, William Daniels, Paula Prentiss, Richard Bull, and Kenneth Mars. It was released to positive reviews on June 14, 1974.

Bubba Franks

Daniel Lamont "Bubba" Franks (born January 6, 1978) is a former American football tight end. He played nine seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Miami. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers 14th overall in the 2000 NFL Draft. Bubba attended Big Spring High School in Big Spring, Texas. He was an all state tight end there.

Breckland District

Breckland District is a local government district in Norfolk, England. About 135,000 people live there. It was created on 1 April 1974. Its council is based in East Dereham.

Breckland District gets its name from the Breckland landscape region. That is a gorse-covered sandy heath of south Norfolk and north Suffolk. The term "Breckland" is ancient. It is found as early as the 13th century in the form Brakelond.

River Leam

The River Leam (also spelled "Leame") is a river in England. It starts at Hellidon Hill in Northamptonshire. It flows through rural Warwickshire, including the town of Leamington Spa. It flows into the Warwickshire Avon, a left bank tributary of the River Severn.

All Saints

All Saints might mean:


Tribute to Jerusalem

Tribute to Jerusalem is a permanent sculpture in Holland Square, near Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. It is at the corner of Kiryat Yovel Street and Ein Karem. The sculpture's popular nickname is "the red sculpture". The sculpture stands at a view point overlooking the Jerusalem Forest and Ein Kerem. The sculpture was made in 1977 by Alexander Calder.

Jerusalem Forest

The Jerusalem Forest is a pine forest located in the Judean Mountains west of Jerusalem. It is surrounded by the neighborhoods Beit HaKerem, Yefe Nof, Ein Kerem, Har Nof, Givat Shaul, and a moshav, Beit Zeit.

Cley next the Sea

Cley next the Sea () or (), Anglo-Saxon "Clæg" "clay", is a village (population 376) in North Norfolk, England. It is on the River Glaven. Located north-west of Holt and east of Blakeney.

Chesterville

Chesterville is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,328 at the 2020 census.

Atkinson, Maine

Atkinson is a former town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States. The town was named after Judge Atkinson, a landholder. The population was 326 at the 2010 census.

It was a town until 2019. Then it lost its government and became a unincorporated area.

North Norfolk

North Norfolk is a local government district in Norfolk, United Kingdom. It was created on 1 April 1974. About 105,000 people live there. Its council is based in Cromer.

Ein Kerem

Ein Karem () is an ancient village of the Jerusalem District and now a neighbourhood in southwest Jerusalem. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on July 16, 1948.

Independence Day (Israel)

Independence Day of Israel (; ""   lit. "Independence Day") is the national day of Israel. It celebrates the day of the Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel at the end of British Mandate of Palestine. It occurs on the fifth day of Iyar in the Hebrew calendar, which is between the months of April and May.

Independence Day begins with a ceremony held in Mount Herzl Plaza in Jerusalem. It begins at midnight. The ceremony also ends Yom Hazikaron. A fire is lit.


The Judge (2014 movie)

The Judge is a 2014 American crime drama movie directed by David Dobkin.

It is about a Chicago lawyer, Hank Palmer, coming home to Indiana after his mother dies. Soon afterwards, his father, Joseph Palmer, a judge, is accused of killing someone in a hit and run accident with the son quickly defending his father even though they have relationship issues.


The movie received mixed reviews. It got a 47% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Critics liked Duvall's performance as Palmer. Duvall was nominated for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award for his role.

Billy Pierce

Walter William Pierce (April 2, 1927 – July 31, 2015) was an American Major League Baseball (MLB) starting pitcher. He played 18 years for the Detroit Tigers, Chicago White Sox, and San Francisco Giants, from 1945 through 1964. 

He was selected to the Chicago White Sox All-Century Team in 2000. Pierce was an All-Star for seven seasons.

Pierce was born in Detroit, Michigan. He was raised in Highland Park, Michigan. Pierce died in Chicago, Illinois from gallbladder cancer, aged 88.


Jon Shepodd

Jon Shepodd (December 19, 1924 – August 16, 2017) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Paul Martin in the television series "Lassie".

Shepodd died on August 16, 2017 at his London, England home at the age of 92.

David Faber

David Faber (August 25, 1928 – July 28, 2015) was a Polish writer and educator. He was Jewish and survived nine concentration camps in occupied Poland and Nazi Germany. He was also an award-winning educator and lecturer on the Holocaust.

Faber died on July 28, 2015 in San Diego, California at the age of 86.

Alan Cheuse

Alan Stuart Cheuse (January 23, 1940 – July 31, 2015) was an American writer and critic. He worked for the New Yorker and appeared on several segments on radio. Cheuse was born in Perth Amboy, New Jersey.

Cheuse was involved in a car accident on July 14, 2015 on California State Route 17 while driving from Nevada City to Santa Cruz, California. He was reported to be in a coma on July 20, 2015 with injuries including fractured ribs, cervical vertebrae, and an acute subdural hematoma. He died on July 31, 2015 from his injuries at the age of 75 in San Jose, California.


Trey Gowdy

Trey Gowdy (born August 22, 1964) is an American politician. In 2011, he became the U.S. Representative for South Carolina's 4th congressional district. He chaired the House Benghazi Committee. Gowdy is a member of the Republican Party.

Gowdy was born on August 22, 1964 in Greenville, South Carolina. In 1982 he graduated from Spartanburg High School, Spartanburg, South Carolina. In 1986 he graduated from Baylor University with a Bachelor of Arts degree. Gowdy graduated from University of South Carolina School of Law. He was an assistant U.S. attorney from 1994 to 2000. Gowdy was then elected state district attorney in South Carolina. He was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 2010. On May 4, 2015 he was named to head the special House panel to investigate the 2012 Benghazi attack. He is married to Terri Gowdy. They have two children.

On January 31, 2018, Gowdy announced he would not seek re-election in 2018 and that he intends to pursue a legal career instead of politics.


Henry Fairfield Osborn

Henry Fairfield Osborn, Sr. FRS (August 8, 1857 – November 6, 1935) was an American paleontologist, and geologist. He was the president of the American Museum of Natural History for 25 years.

Osborn was one of the great dinosaur fossil hunters of the late 19th century, and a eugenist. 

Osborn got a Sc.D. in paleontology from Princeton, and was Professor of Comparative Anatomy there from 1883–1890. In 1891, Osborn was hired by Columbia University as a professor of zoology. At the same time, he got a position at the American Museum of Natural History, New York. He served there as the curator of the newly formed Department of Vertebrate Paleontology.

Osborn led the American Museum expedition to Mongolia in 1922–25. 

Osborn named and wrote the first descriptions of "Tyrannosaurus rex" and "Velociraptor", and many other dinosaurs. The historian Edward J. Larson described Osborn as "a first-rate science administrator and a third-rate scientist." This seems rather an extreme view: some of the problems he faced are still problems today. For example, he studied "Struthiomimus", which is a lightweight running dinosaur. Its lifestyle is still not very clear today.

Under his leadership, staff of the American Museum of Natural History worked on displays. The museum became one of the top exhibitions in the early twentieth century. As a result, the murals, habitat dioramas, and dinosaur mounts attracted millions of visitors, and inspired other museums to imitate. His decision to invest heavily in exhibitions angered curators who hoped to spend more time on their own research. 

Canada's Wonderland

Canada's Wonderland is a theme park in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada. It opened in 1981. It is the largest theme park in Canada.

Six Flags America

Six Flags America is a theme park in Upper Marlboro, Maryland.


Pink elephant

Seeing pink elephants is a figure of speech, that is used to describe a hallucination which is caused by alcohol, or delirium tremens. Jack London was among the first to use the term, in 1913. In the autobiographical novel John Barleycorn, he describes one kind of alcoholic, as "the man whom we all know, stupid, unimaginative, whose brain is bitten numbly by numb maggots; who walks generously with wide-spread, tentative legs, falls frequently in the gutter, and who sees, in the extremity of his ecstasy, blue mice and "pink elephants". He is the type that gives rise to the jokes in the funny papers." A reference to pink elephants occurs in the 1941 Disney animated film "Dumbo". Dumbo, takes a drink of water from a bucket spiked with champagne and begins to hallucinate singing and dancing elephants in a segment known as "Pink Elephants on Parade".

Pink elephants do exist in nature, as it is possible for albino elephants to be pink, as well as white.

Karim Findi

Karim Findi (1946 Dahuk - Kurdistan Region - Iraq) author and Kurdishwriter. 

In 1974 graduated at University of Mosul – English Department. 

He has a lot of books in many subject such as politics, geography, language, literature, history in different language English, Kurdish, Arabic.

It was one of the founders of the Kurdistan Journalists Syndicate.

Was a chief Editor of Karwan Magazine, a secretary of Karwan Academic magazine and a chief Editor of Dijla magazine the first Latin Lettered Magazine,issued by Ministry of culture, Kurdistan Region. 

Unpredictable

Unpredictable is the second studio album by Jamie Foxx. The album was released on December 20, 2005. It was first studio album in 11 years.

Windows 10 Mobile

Windows 10 Mobile is the fourth and final version of the discontinued Windows Phone operating system. Unlike the regular Windows 10, Windows 10 Mobile was meant to run on phones and tablet computers with screen sizes of 8 inches or smaller. These mobile devices used the ARM or IA-32 processor architectures.

Microsoft ceased providing security updates on January 14, 2020, the same day as for Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008/R2. On December 29, 2019, Microsoft announced it will be offering a 'free' extended security updates up to three year, until January 10, 2023, the same day as of Windows 8.1.

Windows 10 Mobile worked closely together with Windows 10 for computers. Content would be synchronized across devices, apps made for Windows 10 on PCs, Android, and iOS could be remade to work on Windows 10 Mobile, and most high-end phones allowed the user to plug in their device to a computer monitor and use a "computer-like" interface with a mouse and keyboard.

Many phones that ran on Windows Phone 8.1 were able to get a free upgrade to Windows 10 Mobile. It was up to manufacturers and carriers to issue the update. Certain features were not available on low-end or midrange devices.

Windows 10 Mobile came out on March 17, 2016. It was released shortly after Windows 10 for computers, which came out on July 29, 2015. In October 2017, Microsoft stopped active development of Windows 10 Mobile, except for security updates, because few people were using it. Microsoft ceased providing security updates on January 14, 2020, the same day as for Windows 7. On December 29, 2019, Microsoft announced it will be offering a 'free' extended security updates up to three year after ending of extended support, the same day as of Windows 8.1.

Six Flags Discovery Kingdom

Six Flags Discovery Kingdom is a 135-acre (55 ha) animal theme park located in Vallejo, California. The park includes a variety of roller coasters and other amusement rides. It has a collection of animal exhibits and shows. Discovery Kingdom has been part of the Six Flags chain of amusement parks since 1999.

2012 Benghazi attack

The 2012 Benghazi attack took place on the evening of September 11, 2012. Islamic militants attacked the United States consulate in Benghazi, Libya. Killed in the attack were US Ambassador Christopher Stevens and Sean Smith a US diplomat. Stevens was the first U.S. Ambassador killed in the line of duty since 1979. Two other US diplomats were killed in the attack. At first the attack was thought to be an angry mob. But later it was learned it was a planned terrorist attack.

Late in the evening of September 11, 2012, about 150 gunmen with beards blocked off the streets leading to the US Consulate buildings. The roadblocks were set up using pickup trucks with the logo of Ansar al-Sharia. The assault began about an hour later. There were seven Americans in the building at the time. Five were armed security officers. 
In February 2011, a civil war broke out in Libya. A rebellion started against Muammar al-Gaddafi and his government. A few weeks later U.S. envoy Chris Stevens came to Benghazi, Libya's second largest city, by cargo ship. He arrived on April 5. In August Gaddafi was driven out of the capital, Tripoli. On October 20, 2011 Gaddafi was killed. Chris Stevens was named as Ambassador to Libya in May 2012. He was to be based in Tripoli. Security people working for the U.S. government warned they needed more security but were turned down. 

On September 9, Stevens met with Islamic militia leaders in Benghazi. They warned there had been threats against Americans by extremists in Benghazi. They also told the ambassador he and his group should leave as "soon as possible". But they also said they wanted American investments in Libya. They asked how soon Benghazi could get a McDonald's and a KFC. 

On September 11, several hours before the attack started, Stevens sent a message to the State Department warning the situation was getting worse. Later, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she was not aware of what was happening at the time. The reason she gave is the State Department receives more than a million messages a year. After the attack started, a rescue team (called the commander’s "In-extremis" Force) started getting ready. But the ambassador was dead before the team was ready to leave Italy. After the attack 30 or more Americans were evacuated from Benghazi.

There were five U.S. commandos stationed at the CIA base in Benghazi about a mile from the consulate. They heard the attack starting and got ready to go rescue the ambassador. But they said later, the CIA station chief stopped them from going and told them to stay with the CIA. They also received a radio message from the consulate “If you guys do not get here, we are going to die!” The CIA later stated they were trying to get local Libyan militia to go help the consulate. But they also said they did not prevent the commandos from rescuing the consulate members. 

American troops and law enforcement captured Ahmed Abu Khattala on June 15, 2014. He is the suspected ringleader of the group who carried out the attack. Other suspects also had sealed charges filed against them.

On May 8, 2014, the United States House Select Committee on Benghazi was formed to investigate the attack. The chairman of the committee is Representative Trey Gowdy from South Carolina.


Six Flags Fiesta Texas

Six Flags Fiesta Texas is a theme park in San Antonio, Texas.

Keller

Keller is a German family name. It means "cellar" or "basement". It is also a version of the Old Gaelic "O'Ceileachair", which means 'companionable' or 'uxurious'.

People with the name Keller include Helen Keller and Marthe Keller.

Six Flags New England

Six Flags New England is a theme park in Agawam, Massachusetts.

Suspect

A suspect is a person believed to have done something wrong, committed a crime or caused something bad to happen. In criminal law a person who is under suspicion or under investigation by law enforcement is considered a suspect. A prime suspect is believed by police to be the suspect who most probably committed a crime. A formal suspect may be arrested when the facts and circumstances would lead a reasonable person to believe a suspect may have committed a crime or is about to. In common law countries a suspect may have a defense attorney present while being questioned. The attorney may advise his or her client (the suspect) how to answer questions. Once a suspect is charged with a crime he or she becomes a defendant.

In the past in common law countries, a suspect could not be questioned against their will. In the United Kingdom, under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, police can require suspects to be questioned. Suspects are now required to listen to all questions, but may legally refuse to answer a question. In the UK once a suspect has been formally charged, no questions may be asked. In France, however, a suspect may still be questioned after being charged. The suspect may still legally refuse to answer any question. In the United States, once a suspect becomes the prime suspect, they must be advised of their Miranda rights before they can be questioned. Then they may be formally questioned, with a defence attorney present if the suspect requests one.

In civil law countries a suspect may be questioned by police and the judiciary. This is to decide if there is enough evidence against a subject to bring the suspect to trial. There are three phases to the investigation. The first phase is a suspect is questioned by police. In the second phase the suspect is questioned by a magistrate (called a "juge d'instruction" in France). The third phase is the trial conducted by a state prosecutor in front of a panel of judges or magistrates. Then, if the investigation trial shows a case is strong enough, it is brought before a tribunal for trial.

A person of interest is a non-legal term for someone police may be interested in. In some cases a person of interest may simply be someone who has information related to an investigation or could be a witness. Police may be suspicious of someone, but do not have enough evidence to justify calling them a suspect. Sometimes police also misuse the term 'person of interest' to mean the suspect. Another use of the term is by writers meaning simply an interesting person.

Police and reporters sometimes misuse the term suspect to mean the perpetrator. A suspect is someone "suspected" of committing a crime. A perpetrator (slang "perp") is a person who actually committed a crime. Good police work will eliminate suspects until they find the perpetrator (also called a culprit). 

In the US and England, police have broad powers to arrest and detain suspects. In Canada police supposedly do not have that power. In a crime that gets a lot of publicity, police will sometimes detain a suspect for a period of time, then release them with no charges filed. Somehow the news media is informed of the release and a swarm of reporters and paparazzi are there to take pictures for next day's tabloids. Generally this is for a day or two in England. In the US it can be up to 72 hours. This process encourages the public to think of suspects as guilty, trusting the police would not arrest innocent people. This is sometimes called "rounding up the usual suspects". Sometimes police will call a suspect a perpetrator or person of interest and question them without giving a Miranda warning. This is a technicality since in the US police are required to give a Miranda warning if arresting a suspect. If after arresting and then questioning a suspect, police may decide they have the perpetrator. Then they will hand the case over to the district attorney.


La Ronde (amusement park)

La Ronde is a theme park in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

Stephan Beckenbauer

Stephan Beckenbauer (1 December 1968 – 1 August 2015) was a German footballer, born in Munich. He was a son of Franz Beckenbauer. He played with FC Bayern Munich. He also played for 1. FC Saarbrücken. Beckenbauer was latterly a scout and coach with Bayern Munich.

Beckenbauer died in Munich on 1 August 2015 after a long illness, aged 46.

Piet Fransen

Piet Fransen (5 July 1936 – 2 August 2015) was a Dutch footballer who played as a midfielder.

He made his debut for the Netherlands in an October 1964 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Albania and has earned a total of 6 caps, scoring 1 goal. He represented his country in 3 FIFA World Cup qualification matches.

Fransen died on 2 August 2015 in Groningen, aged 79.

David H. Koch

David Hamilton Koch (; May 3, 1940 – August 23, 2019) was an American businessman, philanthropist, political activist, and chemical engineer. He joined the family business Koch Industries. He became president of the subsidiary Koch Engineering in 1979. He became a co-owner of Koch Industries, with older brother Charles, in 1983. He was an executive vice president.

On June 5, 2018, the company announced his retirement from the company due to declining health issues.

Koch died at his Southampton, New York home from prostate cancer on August 23, 2019 at the age of 79.

Koch Industries

Koch Industries, Inc. is an American multinational corporation based in Wichita, Kansas, United States. It involves manufacturing, trading, and investments. It was founded as Wood River Oil and Refining Company in 1940, and later as Rock Island Oil & Refining Company. 

Charles Koch is the chairman and David H. Koch was the vice chairman until his death in 2019.


Fred C. Koch

Fred Chase Koch (; September 23, 1900 – November 17, 1967) was an American chemical engineer and entrepreneur who founded the oil refinery firm that later became Koch Industries, the second-largest privately held company in the United States.

Koch was born in Quanah, Texas. He died in Bear River City, Utah.

Dachau concentration camp

Dachau concentration camp (, ) was the first World War II Nazi concentration camp. It was built in 1933 by Heinrich Himmler. The original purpose was to hold political prisoners. Dachau camp was located on the grounds of an old munitions factory. It was southeast of the medieval town of Dachau, about northwest of Munich in the state of Bavaria, in southern Germany. 

The camp's purpose was enlarged to include forced labor and housed ordinary German and Austrian criminals. Eventually foreign nationals from countries that Germany occupied or invaded were sent here. It became a death camp for Jews. Countless thousands of Jews died were executed or died of starvation, disease or overwork. The Dachau camp system grew to include nearly 100 sub-camps. These were mostly work camps or "Arbeitskommandos," and were located throughout southern Germany and Austria. The camps were liberated by U.S. forces in the spring of 1945.

Estimates of the number of people who died here vary widely. Complete records of how many died at Dachau do not exist. Three weeks before the United States Army reached the camp, most of the important records were removed or burned. A few days before the Americans arrived, Germans began evacuating prisoners. But poor organization prevented all from being removed. Prisoners from the Buchenwald concentration camp had been sent to Dachau. When the last train was found, 2,000 of the 4,000 prisoners on it were dead. Between 1933 and the liberation by Americans in 1945, about 228,930 prisoners had been sent to Dachau. This includes about 7,000 who had just arrived from Buchenwald. This number is close to that given by a US Seventh Army report of 229,000. Dachau used high altitude medical experiments on prisoners.

Bełżec extermination camp

Bełżec (, in ), was the first of the World War II Nazi German extermination camps created under Operation Reinhard. This was a key part of Hitler's "Final Solution". Hitler wanted to kill all of Europe's 11 million Jews. The camp operated from to the end of . Bełżec concentration camp was about south of the local railroad station of Bełżec in German-occupied Poland. Between 430,000 and 500,000 Jews are believed to have been murdered by the German SS at Bełżec. There were also an unknown number of Christian Poles and Roma people killed there. Only seven Jews working as slave labor with the camp's "Sonderkommando" survived World War II. Only one of them became known from his own postwar testimony submitted officially. The lack of witnesses who could testify about the camp's operation is the primary reason why so little is known about Bełżec.

My Kind of Town

""My Kind of Town" or "My Kind of Town (Chicago Is)""' is a popular song composed by Jimmy Van Heusen, with lyrics by Sammy Cahn. It was originally part of the musical score for "Robin and the 7 Hoods", a 1964 musical film starring several members of the Rat Pack. It was nominated for the 1964 Academy Award for Best Original Song but lost to "Chim Chim Cher-ee" from "Mary Poppins". Frank Sinatra recorded several versions which have appeared on many of his albums.

Sweet Home Chicago

"Sweet Home Chicago" is a blues standard first recorded by Robert Johnson in 1937. The song has become a popular anthem for the city of Chicago. Many artists have rerecorded the song such as B.B. King and Buddy Guy.

Sammy Cahn

Samuel Cohen (June 18, 1913 – January 15, 1993), known professionally as Sammy Cahn, was an American lyricist, songwriter and musician. He is best known for his romantic lyrics to movies and Broadway songs. His most famous song is "Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!". He was born in New York City.

Cahn won the Academy Award for Best Original Song four times, for the following songs:

Cahn died in Los Angeles, California from heart failure, aged 79.


Jim Rivera

Manuel Joseph "Jim" Rivera (July 22, 1921 – November 13, 2017) was an American Major League Baseball (MLB) outfielder. He played for three teams over ten seasons: St. Louis Browns (1952), Chicago White Sox (1952–1961) and Kansas City Athletics (1961).

Rivera died on November 13, 2017 in Fort Wayne, Indiana at the age of 96.


Curt Simmons

Curtis Thomas "Curt" Simmons (May 19, 1929 – December 13, 2022) is a former left-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball from 1947 to 1950 and 1952 to 1967. He was born in Whitehall Township, Pennsylvania.

He played for the Philadelphia Phillies from 1947 through 1960. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals from 1960 through 1966. Then he played for the Chicago Cubs from 1966 through 1967. And then he played for the California Angels in 1967 until his retirement later that year.

John H. Gibbons (scientist)

John Howard "Jack" Gibbons (January 15, 1929 – July 17, 2015) was an American scientist, nuclear physicist, and internationally recognized expert in technologies for energy efficiency and energy resource conservation. He served as the Assistant to the President for Science and Technology and Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy under President Bill Clinton from 1993-1998.


David A. Patterson

David Andrew Patterson (born November 16, 1947) is an American computer pioneer and academic. He has held the position of Professor of Computer Science at the University of California, Berkeley since 1976.

Howard W. Jones

Howard Wilbur Jones, Jr. (December 30, 1910 – July 31, 2015) was an American gynecological surgeon and in vitro fertilization (IVF) specialist. Jones and his wife, Georgeanna Seegar Jones, were two of the earliest reproductive medicine specialists in the United States.

They established the reproductive medicine center that was responsible for the birth of the first IVF baby in the U.S. He wrote articles on the beginning of human personhood and testified before legislators on the same subject. He was one of the early physicians to perform sex reassignment surgeries. 

Jones was on the faculty at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine from the 1940s until his mandatory retirement from the institution in 1978. 

Jones was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He studied at Amherst College. Jones died in Norfolk, Virginia from respiratory failure, aged 104.

Jerome Kohlberg Jr.

Jerome Kohlberg, Jr. (July 10, 1925 – July 30, 2015) was an American businessman and early pioneer in the private equity and leveraged buyout industries founding private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. and later Kohlberg & Company.

Kohlberg, Jr. died in Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts from cancer at the age of 90.


Amartya Sen

Amartya Kumar Sen (born November 3, 1933) is an Indian economist. Since 1956, he has taught and worked in the United Kingdom and the United States. He worked in welfare economics, social choice theory, economic and social justice, economic theories of famines, and indexes of the measure of well-being of citizens of developing countries.

He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics in 1998 and Bharat Ratna in 1999 for his work in welfare economics. He was also awarded the inaugural Charleston-EFG John Maynard Keynes Prize in recognition of his work on welfare economics in February 2015 during a reception at the Royal Academy in the UK.



George Stigler

George Joseph Stigler (January 17, 1911 – December 1, 1991) was an American economist. He won the Nobel Prize in Economics in 1982. He was a key leader of the Chicago School of Economics, along with Milton Friedman. He was born in Seattle, Washington.

Stigler died in Chicago, Illinois from heart failure, aged 80.


Traunstein (mountain)

Traunstein is the highest mountain on the east side of Lake Traunsee. It is in the district of Gmunden, Austria. The Traunstein is 1691 metres (5548 ft) high. The height is the reason why it can be seen from very far away.

On the top are two cabins, the Naturfreundehütte and the Gmundnerhütte.

Sensory overload

Sensory overload is when one or more of the body's senses experiences over-stimulation from the environment. There are many things that impact an individual. Examples of these elements are urbanization, crowding, noise, mass media, technology, and the explosive growth of information. Sensory overload is commonly associated with sensory processing disorder. Like its opposite sensory deprivation, it has been used as a means of torture.

There are a variety of symptoms that have may cause sensory overload. These symptoms can occur in both children and adults. Some of these symptoms are:

<br>

Glow in the Park Parade

Glow in the Park Parade is a parade that takes place every night during the summer months at Six Flags Mexico.

Forrest Bird

Forrest M. Bird (June 9, 1921 – August 2, 2015) is an American aviator, inventor and biomedical engineer. He was best known for having created some of the first reliable mass-produced mechanical ventilators for acute and chronic heart and lung care.


Giovanni Conso

Giovanni Battista Conso (23 March 1922 – 2 August 2015) was an Italian jurist who served on the Constitutional Court of Italy for nine years beginning in 1982, and has served as President of the Accademia dei Lincei from 1989 until his death in 2015.

Conso was the Minister of Justice between 1993 and 1994.

Alfredo Biondi

Alfredo Biondi (June 29, 1928 – June 24, 2020) was an Italian politician and lawyer. In 1994 he served as Minister of Justice of the Italian Republic during the first cabinet chaired by Silvio Berlusconi. He was also Minister of the Environment in the Bettino Craxi cabinet from 1983 to 1984. 

Until 1994, he was a member of the Liberal Party. Afterwards, he became a member of Forza Italia. Biondi was born in Pisa, Italy.

He was a Deputy from 1968 to 1972 and again from 1979 to 2006. Biondi was a Senator from 2006 to 2008.

Biondi died on June 24, 2020 in Genoa, Italy at the age of 91.

Ciriaco De Mita

Ciriaco Luigi De Mita (; 2 February 1928 – 26 May 2022) was an Italian politician. He served as the 47th Prime Minister of Italy from 1988 to 1989. He was as Member of the European Parliament from 2009 to 2013.

De Mita died on 26 May 2022, at the age of 94, while recovering from surgery for a broken a femur after having a fall at his Avellino home.

2014 Canadian Championship

The 2014 Canadian Championship was the 7th Canadian Championship tournament. Montreal Impact, Toronto FC, FC Edmonton, Vancouver Whitecaps and Ottawa Fury participated in the competition.

2017 FIFA Confederations Cup

The 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup (Russian: Кубок конфедераций 2017) was the 10th and final FIFA Confederations Cup tournament. It took place from 17 June to 2 July. It was hosted in Russia.

The tournament featured the following teams: Russia (hosts), Germany, Australia, Chile, Mexico, New Zealand, Portugal and Cameroon. Besides the hosts, all of the other teams qualified because they either won the FIFA World Cup or their regional championship.

Four cities were chosen for the tournament, Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Sochi and Kazan.

The dates for the tournament were chosen on 24 July 2015.






Joan Copeland

Joan Copeland (June 1, 1922 – January 4, 2022) was an American actress and the younger sister of celebrated playwright Arthur Miller. She began her career during the mid-1940s. 

She was known for her Broadway shows such as "Detective Story" (1949), "Not for Children" (1951), "Handful of Fire" (1958), "Tovarich" (1963), "Something More!" (1964), "The Price" (1968), "Coco" (1969), "Two By Two" (1970), "Checking Out" (1976), "45 Seconds from Broadway" (2002), and "Wit & Wisdom" (2003).

Copeland died on January 4, 2022 in New York City at the age of 99.


Georg Ratzinger

Georg Ratzinger PA (15 January 1924 – 1 July 2020) was a German Catholic priest and musician. He was known for his work as the conductor of the Regensburger Domspatzen, the cathedral choir of Regensburg, Germany. He was the elder brother of Benedict XVI, Pope Emeritus. He was born in Bavaria, Germany.

Ratzinger died on 1 July 2020 in Regensburg, Germany, aged 96.


Wrestling singlet

A wrestling singlet (or simply singlet) is a colored uniform worn in amateur wrestling. It is a one-piece, tight-fitting garment. It is usually made of spandex/lycra or nylon.

Saint Petersburg Stadium

The Saint Petersburg Stadium (Russian: Стадион Санкт-Петербург; also called the Krestovsky Stadium or Zenit Arena) is an association football stadium in Saint Petersburg, Russia. During the 2018 FIFA World Cup, the stadium had a capacity of 64,468 people. The stadium cost $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion to build.

The stadium is now the home of FC Zenit St. Petersburg. It was used for the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup, 2018 FIFA World Cup, and will be used for the UEFA Euro 2020.

The stadium hosted these matches.


Away goals rule

The Away goals rule is a way of breaking ties in association football when two teams played two legs and once at each team's homeground. The rule says that the team that scored the most "away from home" is awarded the win. This rule is used in the UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League, FIFA World Cup qualification, CONCACAF Champions League, MLS Cup playoffs, AFC Champions League, AFC Cup, Copa Libertadores, Copa Sudamericana, CAF Champions League, CAF Confederation Cup, Liga MX playoffs, Football League Cup semifinals and Football League play-offs semifinals.

A real life example would be in the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League, where Marseille and Inter Milan were playing in the Round of 16. Marseille won the first leg 1–0 at home, and lost the second leg 1–2. Because they were away from home, and they scored one goal (unlike Inter Milan, as they didn't score a goal when they were away from home), they won the match on away goals.


Football Association of Iceland

The Football Association of Iceland (Icelandic: "Knattspyrnusamband Íslands"; or the KSÍ) is the main association football body in Iceland. It was founded on 26 March 1947, and joined FIFA on the same year. It also joined UEFA in 1954. The Football Association of Iceland organizes and controls the Úrvalsdeild, Iceland national football team and Iceland women's national football team. Their headquarters are in Reykjavík.


Besta-deild karla

The Úrvalsdeild (English: Men's Select Division) is the top Icelandic association football league. It was founded in 1912. Because of the harsh winters in Iceland, it is often played from spring to summer. It is run by the Football Association of Iceland. It has 12 clubs. As of 31 July 2015, the league was the 35th best in Europe. Since 27 April 2009, the league has also been known as the Pepsi-deildin (English: The Pepsi League) after the Football Association of Iceland and Ölgerðin signed a three-year contract together.

Since 1955, the worst teams in the league were sent to the 1. deild karla. The current champions are Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar (FH), and the team with the most titles is Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur (KR).

The only teams to have won a title are KR (26), Valur (20), ÍA (18), Fram (18), FH (6), Víkingur (5), Keflavík (4), ÍBV (3), KA (1), Breiðablik (1) and Stjarnan (1).



Chiara Pierobon

Chiara Pierobon (21 January 1993 – 1 August 2015) was an Italian professional racing cyclist. 

Pierobon was born in Mirano, Veneto. She died in Ingolstadt, Bavaria, from a suspected pulmonary embolism. Pierobon was travelling with her team Top Girls Fassa Bortolo to the Sparkassen Giro in Germany when she fell ill.

Margot Loyola

Margot Loyola Palacios (September 15, 1918 – August 3, 2015) was a Chilean musician, folk singer and researcher of the folklore of Chile and Latin America in general. Loyola was active as a musician and musical ethnographer/anthropologist for many decades. Loyola was born in Linares, Chile.

Loyola died in Santiago, Chile at the age of 96.

Universal Parks &amp; Resorts

Universal Parks & Resorts is the theme park division of NBCUniversal (a subsidiary of Comcast). The division is responsible for the operation and maintenance of Universal theme parks and resort properties around the world. It is best known for attractions that are based on famous pop culture properties (movies, television, literature, cartoons, comics, video games, music, etc.) from Universal Studios and NBC, as well as from other companies.





These projects have been announced or are currently under construction. This information may change as the projects move forward.

Les Munro

Squadron Leader John Leslie (Les) Munro CNZM, DSO, QSO, DFC, JP (born 5 April 1919 – 4 August 2015) was the last surviving pilot of the Dambusters Raid of May 1943.

Munro was born in Gisborne, New Zealand. He died on 4 August 2015 in Tauranga, New Zealand at the age of 96.

Lamberto Dini

Lamberto Dini (born 1 March 1931) is an Italian politician and economist. He was the 51st Prime Minister of Italy from 1995 to 1996 and Foreign Minister from 1996 to 2001.

Jurassic Park: The Ride

Jurassic Park: The Ride is a water-based amusement ride. It is based on the Steven Spielberg movie "Jurassic Park" and Michael Crichton's novel. It is at Universal Studios Hollywood. The ride was researched and built while the movie was in its production phase.

The ride opened on June 21, 1996. Duplicates of the ride have since been built at Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios Japan. A river rapids ride version of the attraction, Jurassic Park Rapids Adventure, opened in Universal Studios Singapore in 2010.

2014 Úrvalsdeild

The 2014 Úrvalsdeild was the 103rd Úrvalsdeild. Stjarnan won the tournament undefeated.


Stjarnan

Stjarnan F.C. (Stjarnan Knattspyrnudeild; English: Star F.C.) is an Icelandic sports club from Garðabær. It was founded in 1960. It is best known for their association football team. The men's football team has won the Úrvalsdeild once. The women's team has won it three times. The volleyball team has also won the Icelandic Championship five times.


Mel Farr

Melvin Farr (November 3, 1944 - August 3, 2015) was a former American football player. He played for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for UCLA.

Farr was born in Beaumont, Texas. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles. Farr died from complications of chronic traumatic encephalopathy, aged 70.


Flory Jagoda

Flory Jagoda (born Flora Papo; December 21, 1923 – January 29, 2021) was a Bosnian Jewish-American guitarist, composer and singer-songwriter. She was known for her interpretation of Ladino songs and the Bosnian folk ballads, sevdalinka.

Jagoda died on 29 January 2021 from problems caused by dementia, aged 97.

Gary Martin (footballer)

Gary John Martin (born 10 October 1990) is an English born association football player who currently plays for the Icelandic club of Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur.

Martin started his career in Middlesbrough, where he advanced through the youth system and was given a scholarship. He was a very good striker in his youth. In his senior career, he played in a few pre-season matches with Middlesbrough, but he was eventually loaned to the Hungarian team of Újpest.

After leaving Middlesbrough, he was bought be the Icelandic Íþróttabandalag Akraness that was playing in the 1. deild karla. Although he was only supposed to stay for one season, he eventually stayed for two, and made his first goal against Þór Akureyri.

After a successful season, Martin was bought by the Icelandic champions Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur for a small fee. Martin was the co-top scorer in 2013, and the top scorer in 2014. He was given the award of best foreign player in the league and was selected in the "Team of the year".

ÍA

KR

Marlboro Township, New Jersey

Marlboro Township, New Jersey is a township of Monmouth County, New Jersey.

People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Marlboro Township include:


El Cerrito, California

El Cerrito is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States and it also lies in the San Francisco Bay Area. It was founded by refugees after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. El Cerrito was incorporated on August 23, 1917.

El Cerrito has a cool Mediterranean climate. This means that El Cerrito has generally mild weather, with warm summers and cool winters. It rains an average of 23 inches. It snowed in El Cerrito in 1976, and snow is sometimes on the forecast as well.

The 2020 United States Census said that El Cerrito had a population of 25,962. The racial makeup was:


Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3,075 people (11.8% of the population).

Roots rock

Roots rock is a type of rock music that has folk, blues and country music in it. It was created in the United States during the 1960s. The genre later spread into country rock and southern rock. Some popular artists that played roots rock include Creedence Clearwater Revival, Bonnie Raitt and The Rolling Stones.

Campeonato Nacional (Chile)

The Campeonato Nacional (English: National Championship; also known as the Chilean Primera División) is the top Chilean association football league. It was founded in 1933. The league is ranked 25th in the IFFHS's Best Leagues of the World ranking as of 2014.

Stanley Donen

Stanley Donen (April 13, 1924 – February 21, 2019) was an American movie director and choreographer. His most famous movies were "Singin' in the Rain" and "On the Town".

Donen was born in Columbia, South Carolina. He was married to Marion Marshall from 1952 to 1959 until they divorced. He was partners with comedian Elaine May from 1999 until 2019. Donen died of heart failure in New York City on February 21, 2019 at the age of 94.


Elaine May

Elaine Iva May (née Berlin; born April 21, 1932) is an American screenwriter, movie director, actress and comedian. She was known for being in an improvisational comedy with Mike Nichols called "Nichols and May". She has been nominated twice for an Academy Award, for "Heaven Can Wait" (1978) and "Primary Colors" (1998).

In 1971, May directed, wrote and starred in "A New Leaf", becoming the first woman to do all three in a Hollywood movie. She would later become known for directing the comedy "The Heartbreak Kid" (1972).

In 2013, May was honored with the National Medal of Arts by President Barack Obama. In 2018, May returned to the Broadway stage in Lila Neugebauer's version of Kenneth Lonergan's play "The Waverly Gallery". She won the 2019 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play, becoming the second oldest performer to win a Tony Award for acting. 

In 2022, May was honored with the Honorary Academy Award.


NGC 4526

NGC 4526 is a lenticular galaxy in the Virgo constellation. In a telescope, it looks like a lentil-shaped structure with spiral arms. It is one of the brightest lenticular galaxies. It is thought that a supermassive black hole is in the center of the galaxy. Astronomers say that the supermassive black hole is 450 million times the mass of the Sun.

Since astronomers found this galaxy, two supernovas have occurred around it. The most recent was SN 1994D, which was the supernova of a white dwarf that was made of carbon and oxygen. NGC 4526 spins at a speed of 250 kilometers per second (559,234 mph or about 900,000 kph).

SN 1994D

SN 1994D was a Type IA supernova near the NGC 4526 galaxy. It was discovered in 1994 by Treffers, Filippenko, Van Dyk, and Richmond using an observatory at San Francisco State University.

Satellite flare

A Satellite flare (also called a Iridium flares or satellite glint) is a phenomenon caused by man-made satellite where the sunlight is reflected back to Earth. This results in a quick and bright "flare." Some flares can be up to 20 times brighter than Venus.

Iridium satellites are satellites that are used for telephones and other purposes such as navigation. Most of them are in a controlled orbit, so the flares from these satellites can be predicted. Computer programs can be fed the satellite's information and can predict a flare to an observer's location. The iridium satellite is known for having a weird shape. It has three door-sized antennas that occasionally reflects sunlight back to Earth. These can be very bright. So much so, that it can even be seen during the day. This annoys astronomers because it disrupts their observations.

Wind chill

Wind chill is the decrease in air temperature felt when wind touches the body.

Wind chill numbers are always lower than the actual outside temperature. When the temperature felt outside is higher than the real temperature, the heat index is used.


West Frisian language

West Frisian ( , ; ) is a language that is mainly spoken in Friesland, Netherlands. As of 2005, 94% of the people in Friesland understand West Frisian, 74% can speak it, 75% can read it and 27% can write it.

West Frisian uses the Latin alphabet. A,E,O and U can sometimes have unique accents added to them.

In Western Frisian, there are two types of genders that nouns can have. One is the "common" gender (where both the male and female genders are put together). The other type is a neutral gender noun.

Like many other languages, West Frisian has singular and plural nouns. The two main suffixes used in the language, are ""-(e)n"" and ""-s"."

West Frisian also used three types of verbs: weak, strong and irregular.

After a series of riots by pro-Frisian activists, West Frisian became an official language in the Netherlands in 1956.

West Frisian is a required subject in schools in Friesland. Courts in Friesland speak West Frisian. People in court are allowed to go under oath speaking West Frisian.

West Frisian is often considered as the closest language to modern English. Here is an example:

Text in West Frisian :

Dis dei is goed oeral. De sinne is waarm en de licht fan de sinne-skinen fielen goed wit de myld wyn. Juster elke was goed, buten dis dei is better. De sinne-opgong en de sinne-undergong is moai wit de blew lofts. Buten dis dei is lyket de maaitiid en net de simmertiid. Ik find dit dei de best of de wike. De rein komt foar de wykein foar Saterdei en Sunndei moarn, but it will net by kald en wol gean oer uus by de middei. De stjeren wol elke by sichtber yn de nacht en sa wol de moanne.

English translation :

This day is good overall. The sun is warm and the light from the sun-shining feels good with the mild wind. Yesterday also was good, but this day is better. The sunrise and the sunset is beautiful with the blue sky. But this day is like the springtime and not the summertime. I find this day the best of the week. The rain is coming for the weekend for Saturday and Sunday morning, but it will not be cold and will go over us by the midday. The stars will also be visible in the night and so will the moon.

Melania Trump

Melanija Knavs Trump (born April 26, 1970) is a Slovenian-American socialite, model and businesswoman. She was also the first lady of the United States from 2017 to 2021 as the wife of 45th president of the United States, Donald Trump.

She grew up in Slovenia (then Yugoslavia). She worked as a fashion model through agencies in the European fashion capitals of Milan and Paris. After that, she moved to New York City in 1996. She was associated with Irene Marie Models and Trump Model Management. 

In 2005, she married the real estate developer and TV personality Donald Trump. She gave birth to their son Barron in March 2006. Later that year, she became a naturalized American citizen. She is the second immigrant woman after former Louisa Adams and the first non-native English speaker to become first lady.

After her husband's presidency ended, historians have consistently ranked Trump as one the worst first ladies in American history.

Melanija Knavs was born in Novo Mesto, Slovenia on April 26, 1970. Her father, Viktor Knavs was from the nearby town of Radeče. He managed car and motorcycle dealerships for a state-owned vehicle manufacturer. Her mother Amalija Ulčnik Knavs, came from the village of Raka. She worked as a patternmaker at the children's clothing manufacturer Jutranjka in Sevnica.

As a child, Knavs and other children of workers at the factory participated in fashion shows that featured children's clothing. She has an older sister, Ines Knauss, who is an artist. She has an older half-brother who she reportedly has never met from her father's previous relationship. 

When Knavs was a teenager, she moved with her family to a two-story house in Sevnica. As a high-school student, she lived in a high-rise apartment in Ljubljana. She attended the Secondary School of Design and Photography in the city. She studied architecture and design at the University of Ljubljana for one year before she dropped out.

In September 1998, Knavs met real estate mogul Donald Trump at a party. The couple began dating while the latter was in the process of divorcing his second wife, Marla Maples. The divorce was finalized in 1999. In 1999, the couple gained attention after a lewd interview with shock jock Howard Stern on his show. 

The two became engaged in 2004. On January 22, 2005, they married in an Anglican service at the Episcopal Church of Bethesda-by-the-Sea in Palm Beach, Florida. There was a reception in the ballroom at her husband's Mar-a-Lago estate. 

On March 20, 2006, Trump gave birth to their son, Barron William Trump. She chose his middle name and her husband chose his first name. She also has four stepchildren, stepsons Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump and stepdaughters Ivanka Trump and Tiffany Trump.

In 2016, Trump told CNN her focus as first lady would be to help women and children. She also said she would combat cyberbullying, especially among children.

On July 18, 2016, Trump gave a speech at the 2016 Republican National Convention. Trump was later accused of plagiarizing Michelle Obama's speech at the 2008 Democratic National Convention.

Trump became the first lady of the United States when her husband inaugurated as the 45th president of the United States on January 20, 2017. As first lady, Trump focused on spending time meeting with children all over the world while in classrooms, hospitals, care facilities, at home in the White House, and in communities worldwide. 

She met with leaders in technology and social media companies to raise awareness of resources available to protect children. She traveled to military bases domestically and overseas, including Iraq in 2018. 

Trump also worked with Second Lady Karen Pence in expanding the American Red Cross Comfort Kit program to include deployed United States troops who are stationed away from home during the holidays. 

In the summer of 2020, Trump honored the 100th anniversary of the ratification of the 19th Amendment and the women’s suffrage movement. She hosted a children’s art competition that showed drawings of people, objects, and events that hold a significant meaning to the women’s suffrage movement. 

Trump also sent care packages and donated lunches to hospitals, local law enforcement officers, foster care facilities, and others who fought the Coronavirus disease. 

In May 2018, Trump formally started the Be Best public awareness campaign. It focused on issues such as, social and emotional health of children, online safety, and fighting opioid abuse and cyberbullying.

In October 2018, Trump took a solo international trip to Africa, visiting Ghana, Kenya, Malawi, and Egypt, hospitals, schools, and USAID programs benefiting children. She went on international trips with the president and met with more than 30 foreign diplomats, heads of state, and their spouses to share solutions to issues impacting children around the world.

When Trump and her husband visited Vatican City in May 2017, she identified as Catholic. She was the first Catholic to live in the White House since John F. Kennedy an was the second Catholic first lady after Jacqueline Kennedy.

https://www.whitehouse.gov/melania-trump/

https://melaniatrump.com/

The Trump Organization

The Trump Organization is an American limited liability conglomerate founded in 1971. It is based in Trump Tower in Manhattan, New York City. The current trustees are Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump, and Allen Weisselberg. The company is owned by Donald Trump.

Corey Burton

Corey Gregg Weinberg (born August 3, 1955), known professionally as Corey Burton, is an American voice actor. He is known as the current voice of Ludwig Von Drake and Captain Hook. He voices many other characters for Disney projects.



Irina Shayk

Irina Valeryevna Shaykhlislamova (; born 6 January 1986 in Yemanzhelinsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian born model and actress. She is best known for her work with "Sports Illustrated" and was on the cover of the 2011 issue. She appeared in the 2014 film "Hercules".


Tim Farron

Tim Farron (born 27 May 1970) is a British politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Westmorland and Lonsdale since 2005. Farron was the leader of the Liberal Democrats until his announced resignation in June 2017.

From 2011 to 2015, Farron served as president of the Liberal Democrats. He became popular in the party because he did not vote for higher university tuition fees.

After the heavy Liberal Democrat party losses in the 2015 election, Nick Clegg resigned as party leader. This caused a leadership election to be held. Farron beat his rival Norman Lamb and was elected leader.

Farron resigned as Lib Dem leader after the 2017 general election.

Ronald Reagan filmography

This is a list of movies of all of Ronald Reagan's most prominent onscreen acting roles as well as narrating roles. Also, included in this list are some of Reagan's special cameo appearances. He retired from acting so that he could be active in politics. He was elected Governor of California and soon President of the United States.


Içami Tiba

Içami Tiba (March 15, 1941 – August 2, 2015) was a Brazilian psychiatrist, writer and panelist. Tiba was known for writing his book "Quem ama, Educa!". He was born in Tapiraí, Brazil.

Tiba died in São Paulo, Brazil, aged 74.


Templo Mayor

The (Great Temple) was one of the main temples of the Aztecs. It was in their capital city of Tenochtitlan, which is now Mexico City. Its architectural style belongs to the late Postclassic period of Mesoamerica. The temple was called the "" in the Nahuatl language. It was dedicated to two gods, Huitzilopochtli, god of war, and Tlaloc, god of rain and agriculture. Each one had a shrine at the top of the pyramid with separate stairways. The spire in the center of the image to the right was devoted to Quetzalcoatl in his form as the wind god, Ehecatl. 

The Great Temple devoted to Huiztilopochtli and Tlaloc was approximately at its base. Construction of the first temple began sometime after 1325. It was rebuilt six times after that. The temple was destroyed by the Spanish in 1521. The modern-day archeological site lies just to the northeast of the Zocalo, or main plaza of Mexico City The site is part of the Historic Center of Mexico City, which was added to the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1987.

Kings Dominion

Kings Dominion is a theme park in Doswell, Virginia. It is north of Richmond and south of Washington, D.C., off Interstate 95. The park opened on May 3, 1975. It is owned by Cedar Fair. Kings Dominion offers over 60 rides, shows and attractions including 21 roller coasters and water park. The name of the park comes from the name of its sister park, Kings Island, and the nickname for the state of Virginia, "Old Dominion".

Amy Schumer

Amy Beth Schumer (born June 1, 1981) is an American stand-up comedian, writer, actress, and producer. She is the star of the sketch comedy series "Inside Amy Schumer", which has been airing on Comedy Central since 2013. She starred in comedy movies "Trainwreck" and "Snatched".


Daryl Hall

Daryl Franklin Hohl, professionally known as Daryl Hall (born October 11, 1946), is an American rock, R&B and soul singer, keyboardist, guitarist, songwriter and producer. He is best known as the co-founder and lead vocalist of Hall & Oates (with guitarist and songwriter John Oates).


John Oates

John William Oates (born April 7, 1948) is an American rock, R&B and soul guitarist, musician, songwriter and producer. He is best known as half of the rock and soul duo, Hall & Oates (with Daryl Hall).


Natalia Molchanova

Natalia Vadimovna Molchanova (, 8 May 1962 – 2 August 2015) was a Russian champion free-diver. She was the President of the Russian Freedive Federation. Molchanova was born in Ufa in 1962. She was the world's most decorated free-diver ever, with a total of 40 world records. 

On 2 August 2015 she was reported missing after a dive near Ibiza, Spain. Initial rescue and recovery efforts were unsuccessful. She was presumed dead by drowning by rescue officials and her son. 

Microsoft Edge

Microsoft Edge is a web browser. It was developed by Microsoft. It was first released for Windows 10 and Xbox One in 2015, for Android, Chrome OS and iOS in 2017, then macOS in 2019, and has also been made available for older Windows versions back to Windows 7 without any updates since early 2023. It replaced Internet Explorer as the default browser on Windows 10. Internet Explorer 11 will remain available alongside Edge on Windows 10 for compatibility purposes. Edge is also the default browser for (the by-now discontinued operating system) Windows 10 Mobile. Microsoft Edge can replace Microsoft Internet Explorer on Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 R2 or later, but this browser doesn't support Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008 or earlier.

Edge connects with Microsoft's online platforms, with the help of Cortana, Microsoft's virtual assistant. Cortana provides voice control, search functionality, and personalized information. Edge also has a "Reading List" function to sync content between devices. It has a "Reading Mode" that makes reading websites easier. Edge has extensions hosted on the Microsoft Store.

As of May 2022, according to StatCounter, Edge is 2nd most popular web browser in the world after Google Chrome, and slightly ahead of Safari (this differ by country, e.g. in the US Safari has a safe lead on Edge), and way ahead of its predecessor Internet Explorer.

While Edge was originally built with Microsoft's own technologies ("engines"), it was rebuilt as a Chromium-based browser (for better compatibility with Google Chrome, also built on Chromium, and its extensions). As part of this big change, Microsoft intended to add support for Windows 7, 8, 8.1, macOS, and Linux.

Microsoft Edge is the default web browser on Windows 10, Windows 10 Mobile, and Xbox One consoles, replacing Internet Explorer 11 and Internet Explorer Mobile. As its development and release is dependent on the model of "Windows as a service", it is not included in Windows 10 Enterprise Long-term servicing branch (LTSB) builds.

Favorites, reading list, browsing history and downloads are viewed at the Hub, a sidebar providing functionality similar to Internet Explorer's Downloads manager and Favorites Center.

The browser still includes (while being phased out) an integrated Adobe Flash Player (with an internal whitelist allowing Flash applets on Facebook websites to load automatically, bypassing all other security controls requiring user activation) and a PDF reader. It also supports asm.js.

Edge does not support legacy technologies such as ActiveX and Browser Helper Objects, and instead uses an extension system. Internet Explorer 11 remains available alongside Edge on Windows 10 for compatibility; it remains nearly identical to the Windows 8.1 version and does not use the Edge engine as was previously announced.

Edge integrates with Microsoft's online platforms in order to provide voice control, search functionality, and dynamic information related to searches within the address bar. Users can make annotations to web pages that can be stored to and shared with OneDrive, but can't save HTML pages to their own computers. It also integrates with the "Reading List" function and provides a "Reading Mode" that strips unnecessary formatting from pages to improve their legibility.

EdgeHTML is a proprietary layout engine developed for Edge. It is being phased out.
In December 2014, writing for "ZDNet", technology writer Mary Jo Foley reported that Microsoft was developing a new web browser codenamed "Spartan" for Windows 10. She said that "Spartan" would be treated as a new product separate from Internet Explorer, with Internet Explorer 11 retained alongside it for compatibility. This browser would later become Microsoft Edge.

In November 2017, Microsoft released ports of Edge for Android and iOS. The apps feature integration and synchronization with the desktop version on Windows 10 PCs. Due to platform restrictions and other factors, these ports do not use the same layout engine as the desktop version, and instead use OS-native Webkit-based engines.

In April 2018, Edge added tab audio muting. In June 2018, support for the Web Authentication specifications were added to Windows Insider builds, with support for Windows Hello and external security tokens.

On December 6, 2018, Microsoft announced its intent to base Edge on the Chromium source code, using the same rendering engine as Google Chrome but with enhancements developed by Microsoft. It was also announced that there will be versions of Edge available for Windows 7, Windows 8.1, and macOS, and that all versions will be updated on a more frequent basis. The initial release of the Chromium-based Edge, for desktops, is expected in the fall of 2019.

On April 8, 2019, the first Chromium-based builds of Edge for Windows were released to the public.

On May 20, 2019, the first Chromium-based preview builds of Edge for macOS were released to the public, marking the first time in 13 years that a Microsoft browser was available on the Mac platform. The last time a Microsoft browser was available on the Mac platform was Microsoft Internet Explorer for the Mac, which was withdrawn in January, 2006.

Microsoft's planned switch to Chromium as Edge's engine has faced mixed reception. The move will increase consistency of web platform compatibility between major browsers, and for this reason, the move has attracted criticism, as it reduces diversity in the overall web browser market, and increases the influence of Google (developer of the Blink layout engine) on the overall browser market by Microsoft ceding its independently developed browser engine.


Traunstein

Traunstein is a town in the south-eastern part of Bavaria, Germany, and is the administrative center of a much larger district of the same name.

The town is at the middle of a region called Chiemgau, about 11 km east of Lake Chiemsee between Munich and Salzburg, 15 km north of the Alps, and 30 km west of Salzburg.

Traunstein is twinned with:


Isabelle Adjani

Isabelle Yasmine Adjani (born June 27, 1955) is a French actress, producer and singer. In 2010, she was made Chevalier of the Legion of Honour. She has won more César Awards than any other performer.


Everclear (band)

Everclear is an American rock band from Portland, Oregon formed in 1991.

Härryda

Härryda is a locality in Härryda Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 968 people lived there.

Forced labor

Forced labor includes all forms of slavery and related practices including debt slavery, serfdom, human trafficking and labor camps. It is any work or service a person is forced to do against their will. It usually includes a threat of some form of punishment. The International Labour Organization had defined Forced labor as "all work or service which is exacted from any person under the menace of any penalty and for which the said person has not offered himself voluntarily." This was in the Forced Labour Convention, 1930 (No. 29). Exceptions included work done while serving in a military organization, community service when the work serves the community, and anyone convicted and serving a prison sentence. Convict labor must be supervised by public officials. The convention does not allow convicts to be under the supervision of private individuals, companies or organizations.

There are over 29 million people living as slaves today. There are an estimated 60,000 slaves living in the United States. This includes prostitutes and sex workers, illegal immigrants and those held in debt bondage.

<br>

Arrondissements of the Hérault department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Hérault department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Hérault are:

Since its creation, the Hérault department has had few changes:


Arrondissement of Béziers

The arrondissement of Béziers is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Hérault "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Béziers.

When the Hérault department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Béziers was part of that original department.

It is the southernmost and largest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of . It has 312,443 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Béziers is bordered to the north by the Aveyron department and the "arrondissement" of Lodève, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Montpellier, to the east by the Mediterranean Sea, to the south by the Aude department and to the west by the Tarn department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Béziers, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement"; the other cantons are completely within the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Béziers has 152 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Lodève

The arrondissement of Lodève is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Hérault "département". Its capital is the city of Lodève.

When the Hérault department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Lodève was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" was eliminated in 1926 but was made again an "arrondissement" in 1942.

It is the northernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of . It has 94,714 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Lodève is bordered to the north by the Gard department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Montpellier, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Béziers, and to the west by the Aveyron department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Lodève, there is only one canton, the Canton of Gignac, with all is "communes" in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Lodève has 98 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Montpellier

The arrondissement of Montpellier is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Hérault "département". Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Montpellier.

When the Hérault department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Montpellier was part of that original department.

It is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of . It has a population of 700,241 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" covers the northeastern part of the department and is bordered to the north and northeast by the Gard department, to the east and south by the Mediterranean Sea, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Béziers and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Lodève.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Montpellier, there are 14 cantons with all is "communes" in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Montpellier has 93 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Copa América

Copa América (English: America Cup; previously called the South American Championship or South American Championship of Nations) is a football tournament that has the teams from CONMEBOL (South America). It was founded in 1916, and it is the oldest tournament that only has teams from a certain continent.

The Copa America is one of the most watched sporting events in the world. The winner of the tournament goes to the FIFA Confederations Cup.

The current format has 10 South American teams and two other teams from other FIFA federations in each tournament. The most successful teams have been Uruguay and Argentina, with 15 titles. Argentina won the last tournament.

"Since the 2016 Copa América Centenario"

1916 South American Championship

The 1916 South American Championship was the first South American Championship and it took place in Argentina. Uruguay won the tournament.

At the time, CONMEBOL only had four members:

3 goals

2 goals


1 goal



1917 South American Championship

The 1917 South American Championship was the second South American Championship and it took place in Uruguay. Uruguay won the tournament.

At the time, CONMEBOL only had four members:

4 goals

3 goals

2 goals


1 goal


Own goals


1919 South American Championship

The 1919 South American Championship was the third South American Championship and it took place in Brazil. Brazil won the tournament.

At the time, CONMEBOL only had four members:

<br>

4 goals


3 goals


2 goals

1 goal


Own goals


Shep Gordon

Shep E. Gordon (born 1946) is an American talent manager, Hollywood movie agent, and producer. He was born in Jackson Heights, Queens. Gordon is featured in a 2013 documentary, "", which was directed by Mike Myers. He is known for being the manager of Alice Cooper and former manager of Teddy Pendergrass.

2011 Copa América

The 2011 Copa América (also known as the 2011 Campeonato Sudamericano Copa América or Copa América 2011 Argentina) was the 43rd Copa América. The tournament was organized by CONMEBOL, which is the main association football body in South America. The tournament went from 1 July to 24 July 2011.

Uruguay won the tournament over Paraguay. Paraguay was known for going to the final without winning a single game. Because Uruguay won the tournament, they were allowed to play in the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup. Peru finished at 3rd place after defeating Venezuela.

Japan and Mexico were both invited to the tournament. After some controversy that was brought up by UEFA, Mexico were only allowed to bring their Under-23 Olympic Team to the tournament.

People thought that Japan wouldn't be in the tournament because of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. However, Japan said that they will still be in the tournament. They decided to leave the tournament on 4 April 2011, because the games would get in the way of some J. League Division 1 matches. Even though Japan then decided to play in the tournament, and send some European-based players instead, they still decided to leave on May 16 because some European clubs didn't want to send their players away. On the next day, CONMEBOL sent a request to the North American team of Costa Rica, and Costa Rica then accepted the invite.

The teams below were in the tournament:


<br><br>






Roger Vergé

Roger Vergé (7 April 1930 – 5 June 2015) was a French chef and restaurateur. He is thought to be one of the greatest chefs of his time. The Gault Millau described him as "the very incarnation of the great French chef for foreigners".

2011 Copa América Final

The 2011 Copa América Final was the final match of the 2011 Copa América. It happened on 24 July in Buenos Aires, Argentina and it was won by Uruguay over Paraguay.

The final was the first time since 2001 that neither Argentina and Brazil played against each other for the title. Both Uruguay and Paraguay entered the match having previously won the Copa America multiple times. Uruguay had won the tournament 14 times, and Paraguay had won it twice. Paraguay also reached the final, having not won a single match in the tournament.

Just 12 minutes into the match, Luis Suárez scores after a Paraguay defender accidentally passed the pall to a Uruguay player. Again another defender mistake caused Diego Forlan to score at the 41th minute, leaving the score at 2–0 at half-time. 

Diego Forlan would later score again at the 89th minute, to finish the game off at 3–0. The game finished with 4 Uruguay players and 2 Paraguay players receiving a yellow card.

Palomar Mountain

Palomar Mountain is a mountain ridge in the Peninsular Ranges in northern San Diego County, California. It is known for the Palomar Observatory.

The Köppen climate classification says that Palomar Mountain has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate. Oak, pine, fir and cedar trees grow there.

It rains an average of a year. It snows a year. The coldest temperature ever recorded was on 25 January 1949. The hottest was on 22 August 1969.

Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton

Camp Pendleton or Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton is the major West Coast military base of the United States Marine Corps. It is in San Diego County, California next to Oceanside, San Clemente, Cleveland National Forest, Orange County, Riverside County and Fallbrook.

The number of soldiers (that are not reservists), is 42,000.

The base is 125,000 acres (506 km2).

Pendleton is split into two areas, North and South. It was created in 1942 to train troops during World War II. By October 1944, Camp Pendleton was called a long-lasting base. Pendleton became the home of the 1st Marine Division. The base was named after World War I Major General Joseph Henry Pendleton (1860–1942). Today it is home to many units including the I Marine Expeditionary Force.

The area that is now known as Camp Pendleton was explored by the Spanish, and many missions were created in the area. The most famous one is Mission San Luis Rey de Francia, which is in modern-day Oceanside (just 1.5 miles south of Camp Pendleton). The area was also owned by farmers, and a successful cattle industry was run by a wealthy British landowner named John (Don Juan) Forster.

In 1914 Pendleton was assigned to Camp Howard, North Island, San Diego. Right away he saw the value of the area's good weather and harbor. He lobbied Congress and Marine Corps Headquarters for a permanent Marine base on the West Coast.

In the early 1940s, both the United States Army and United States Marine Corps were looking for a large base. The Army stopped caring about the project. The Marine Corps announced on February 1942 that the Camp Pendleton area would become the largest Marine Corps base in America. They purchased Rancho Santa Margarita las Flores for $4,239,062. Because the base was at first considered to be a temporary base, the buildings were built to minimum standards. The base was then mainly used for training.
<br>

Palomar College (NCTD station)

The Palomar College station is a Sprinter light rail line and a BREEZE bus station. It is served by North County Transit District. It is the main transport station in San Marcos, California. The bus pickup area is in Palomar College. The train station is across the street.


Buena Creek (NCTD station)

The Buena Creek station is a Sprinter light rail station. It is served by North County Transit District. Although the address is in Vista, it is actually just in a unincorporated area of San Diego County.


San Marcos Civic Center (NCTD station)

The San Marcos Civic Center is a Sprinter light rail station. It is served by North County Transit District. It is on San Marcos Boulevard.


Axur, Re d'Ormus

Axur, re d'Ormus ("Axur, king of Ormus") is an Italian opera in five acts. The music was written by Antonio Salieri. The libretto was written by Lorenzo da Ponte. The opera was first performed at the Burgtheater in Vienna on 8 January 1788. It was a great success.




Sprinter (light rail)

The Sprinter (usually spelled like SPRINTER) is a diesel multiple unit light rail train system that goes from Oceanside and Escondido, San Diego County, California, United States. The train system used a 22 miles (35 km) train track. The track was previously built, and 15 stations were built around them. Currently 4 cities have the Sprinter train in them: Oceanside, Vista, San Marcos and Escondido.

Coast Highway (NCTD station)

The Coast Highway station is a Sprinter light rail station. It is served by North County Transit District.


Papillon (dog)

The Papillon (, ""butterfly[-eared]""), also called the Continental Toy Spaniel, is a breed of dog of the Spaniel type. The Papillon is one of the oldest of the toy spaniels. Its name comes from its butterfly-like look of the fringed hair on the ears. The dog is alert and friendly with people and other dogs. The Papillon is a very active dog. It is also easy to train.

The Papillon's ancestors can be seen in many 16th century paintings by Old Masters. The earliest pictures containing these toy spaniels are by Tiziano Vecellio. The earliest Continental Toy Spaniels had drooping ears. Near the end of the 19th century the erect butterfly-like ears became popular. They began to call these dogs Papillons. From that time on the dog was available in two nearly identical breeds. The Papillon with its erect butterfly-like ears and the Phalène with its moth-like drop ears. In 1915 the Papillon breed was recognized by the American Kennel Club (AKC).

<br>

Typhoon Soudelor

Typhoon Soudelor (also known as Typhoon Hanna) was a western Pacific tropical cyclone in 2015. The storm developed toward the end of July and lasted until mid-August. The storm affected the Northern Mariana Islands. The storm was forecast to also affect Taiwan and China. Soudelor was the most powerful typhoon in 2015.

Viroid

Viroids are the smallest infectious pathogens known. They consist solely of short strands of circular, single-stranded RNA without protein coats. They are mostly plant pathogens (plant diseases), some of which can cause crop loss. Viroid genomes are extremely small in size. They are about 80 times smaller than the smallest virus. The human pathogen (causes diseases in humans) hepatitis D virus is a defective RNA virus similar to viroids.

Viroids were the first "sub-viral pathogens" discovered and named by Theodor Otto Diener. He was a plant pathologist at the U.S Department of Agriculture's Research Center in Beltsville, Maryland, in 1971. The first viroid to be identified was the "Potato spindle tuber viroid" (PSTVd). About 33 species have been identified.

<br>

The Blue Lagoon (1980 movie)

The Blue Lagoon is a 1980 American romantic adventure drama movie. It was directed by Randal Kleiser and filmed on Turtle Island Fiji. The screenplay by Douglas Day Stewart was based on the novel "The Blue Lagoon" by Henry De Vere Stacpoole. The film stars Brooke Shields and Christopher Atkins. The movie is a remake of the 1949 movie of the same name. There was also a 1923 silent movie version of the Blue Lagoon directed by W. Bowden. 

It is about a boy and girl who are cousins. After escaping a fire at sea they are stranded on a remote island in the Pacific Ocean. They are left to survive on their own. The two children learn to live off the island's natural resources. As they become teenagers, the two fall in love.

Roger Ebert called it the "dumbest movie of the year". The nude scenes by then 14-year-old Brooke Shields were artfully covered by gluing her hair to her chest and using body doubles. Rona Barrett, a gossip columnist, compared the movie to child pornography. Reviewers were more impressed by the scenery in Fiji than the movie's plot. Janet Maslin of the New York Times said neither Atkins or Shields did much acting. The movie was nominated for an Oscar for Best Cinematography. Christopher Atkins received a Golden Globe nomination for New Star of the Year.

It was followed by "Return to the Blue Lagoon".

Orna Porat

Orna Porat (), born as "Irene Klein", (June 6, 1924 – August 6, 2015) was an German-born Israeli theater actress. She attended drama school and began her stage career at a repertory theater in Schleswig.

She moved to Mandatory Palestine in 1946, and converted to Judaism in 1957.

Porat died at the age of 91 on August 6, 2015.

Johanna Quandt

Johanna Quandt (21 June 1926 – 3 August 2015) was the German widow of industrialist Herbert Quandt, who saved BMW from bankruptcy. As a result, she was the 8th richest person in Germany, 82nd in the world and 11th richest woman according to Forbes.

As of August 2014, the Quandt family is estimated to be worth $46.3 billion. She died at the age of 89 in her home in Bad Homburg near Frankfurt.

Joe Arpaio

Joseph Michael "Joe" Arpaio (born June 14, 1932) was the six-time elected sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona from 1993 until 2017. A controversial figure, Arpaio has been accused of abuse of power, misuse of funds, failure to investigate sex crimes, improper clearance of cases, unlawful enforcement of immigration laws, and election law violations, amongst others. 

In 2017, Arpaio was found guilty of racial profiling in federal court, however he was later pardoned by President Donald Trump.

Arpaio was an unsuccessful candidate in Arizona's Republican primary election for U.S. Senate in 2018.

Arpaio was born in Springfield, Massachusetts.


Theo van Els

Theodorus "Theo" Johannes Maria van Els (14 May 1936 – 4 August 2015) was a Dutch academic. He was born in Wanssum. He served as Rector magnificus of the Radboud University Nijmegen between 1994 and 2000. He was a professor of applied linguistics.

PyMOL

PyMOL is an open source program for the viewing and manipulation of data from proteins and other biological molecules. PyMOL is written in the Python programming language.


Buddy Roemer 2012 presidential campaign

Former Governor of Louisiana and former U.S. Representative Buddy Roemer of Louisiana began a movement for the 2012 Republican Party nomination for President of the United States shortly following the 2010 midterm elections.

After he was not added to the nationally-televised Republican debate, Roemer announced on February 22, 2012 that he would instead run on a third-party ticket, specifically the Reform Party and Americans Elect nominations. Shortly after Americans Elect announced they would not be fielding a candidate, Roemer's campaign announced on May 31, 2012 that he was ending his 2012 presidential campaign altogether.


Tahult

Tahult is a locality in Härryda Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 585 people lived there.

Chest x-ray

A chest X-ray or chest film an x-ray of the chest used to diagnose diseases of the chest. X-rays are among the most common medical images. Doctors use them to diagnose problems.

Like all radiography methods, chest x-rays use ionizing radiation. The chest x-ray process makes a chest x-ray photo. The photo shows the inside of the chest.

Chest x-rays are used to find many diseases inside the chest. A doctor can use an x-ray to examine bones, lungs, heart, and great vessels. Pneumonia and congestive heart failure are commonly diagnosed by chest radiograph. Chest x-rays are used to screen for job-related lung disease, for example in mining where workers breathe dust.

Men of Honor

Men of Honor (Men of Honour in the UK and Ireland) is a 2000 American drama movie. It was directed by George Tillman, Jr. and it was produced by Bill Badalato and Robert Teitel. The movie was inspired by the story of Master chief petty officer Carl Brashear, the first African American master diver in the United States Navy.

The movie got mixed reviews from critics. It has a 42% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert gave the movie 3 out of 4 stars and called it "an old-fashioned biopic". He, however, criticized Theron's appearance in the movie and called it "professional but unnecessary to the picture".


Regulate (song)

"Regulate" is a hip hop song performed by Nate Dogg and Warren G. The song was released in the summer of 1994. It appears on the soundtrack of "Above the Rim", and later "Regulate... G Funk Era".

The song reached #2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It also hit #8 on the R&B/Hip Hop chart.

The song samples "I Keep Forgettin' (Every Time You're Near)" by Michael McDonald.

Louise Suggs

Mae Louise Suggs (September 7, 1923 – August 6, 2015) was an American professional golfer. She was one of the founders of the LPGA Tour. She was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

Suggs died in Sarasota, Florida at the age of 91.


Manuel Contreras

Juan Manuel Guillermo Contreras Sepúlveda (4 May 1929 – 7 August 2015) was a Chilean military officer and the former head of DINA, Chile's secret police during the dictatorship of General Augusto Pinochet. As head of DINA he was the most powerful and feared man in the country, after Pinochet. Until his death in August 2015 of multiple organ failure, he was serving 58 sentences totaling 498 years in prison for kidnapping, forced disappearance and assassination.

Mafia III

Mafia III is an open world third-person action-adventure video game. It was developed by Hangar 13. It was published by 2K Games. It was announced on July 29, 2015. It was first shown at Gamescom on August 5, 2015. It was released on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One on October 7, 2016.

The game is set in 1968 in the city of New Bordeaux (based off New Orleans, Louisiana, United States). The protagonist is Lincoln Clay, a black mixed race orphan and was in the Vietnam War and was a veteran, who is on a quest to get revenge on the Italian mob. Vito Scaletta, "Mafia II" protagonist, returns.

On May 19, 2020 2K Games released Mafia III: Definitive Edition. Including "Mafia: Trilogy Pack", when all 3 Mafia games in one package.

Jovanotti

Lorenzo Cherubini (born 27 September 1966), better known as Jovanotti is an Italian singer-songwriter.

Jovanotti first sang a mix of hip hop, rap and disco. Then he included funk, world music and even classical music and ska. Most of his songs are sung in Italian. He has also made a Spanish language greatest hits album.

Cherubini is the third of four brothers. His oldest brother, Umberto was a flying instructor at Touchandgo School until his death in a plane crash on 22 October 2007. After that, Jovanotti composed "In orbita" and "Fango" as tribute. The second brother, Bernardo, is a showman.

Jovanotti attended at Liceo Malpighi in Rome where he get a degree in science.

Jovanotti's musical career began in 1988. "Jovanotti for President" was his first album.



List of football federations

Below is a list of the international football federations:


These are the football federations in each continent:


Vladimir Zeldin

Vladimir Mikhailovich Zeldin (; February 10, 1915 – 31 October 2016) was a Russian theatre and cinema actor. Zeldin was born in the town of Kozlov (now Michurinsk). He is, as of 2014, the oldest living People's Artist of the USSR. He turned 100 in 2015.

Zeldin died in Moscow, Russia on 31 October 2016 at the age of 101.


Vladimir Etush

Vladimir Abramovich Etush () (6 May 1922 – 9 March 2019) was a Soviet movie and television actor and a People's Artist of the USSR (1984), an honorary title granted to citizens of the Soviet Union.

Etush died on 9 March 2019 from heart failure in Moscow, aged 96.

Leonid Bronevoy

Leonid Sergeyevich Bronevoy (; December 17, 1928 – December 9, 2017) was a Nika Award-winning Soviet and Russian actor. He was known for his work in the Lenkom Theatre. Bronevoy also made occasional appearances in movies. He was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1987.

Aleksandra Pakhmutova

Aleksandra Nikolayevna Pakhmutova (; born November 9, 1929) is a Russian composer. She has remained one of the best known figures in Soviet and later Russian popular music since she first achieved fame in her homeland in the 1960s.


Terrence Evans

Terrence Horace Evans (June 20, 1934 – August 7, 2015) was American actor, voice artist, and comedian, best known for his role as Baltrim in "" and "". He also portrayed Old Monty in "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" and "".


The Yards

The Yards is a 2000 American crime drama movie. It was directed by James Gray and it was produced by Nick Wechsler, Paul Webster, and Kerry Orent.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 64% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert gave the movie 3 out of 4 stars.



Air Florida Flight 90

Air Florida Flight 90 was a scheduled U.S. domestic passenger flight from Washington National Airport to Fort Lauderdale – Hollywood International Airport. On January 13, 1982, the Boeing 737-200 registered as N62AF, crashed into the 14th Street Bridge over the Potomac River.

The aircraft had originally been purchased by United Airlines in 1969 and flown with the registration number of N9050U. It was sold to Air Florida in 1980.

While the 737 was still at the airport, it had been deiced at the gate and tried to push back with reverse thrust when the pushback tug became stuck without proper snow equipment. After pushback and taxi to the departure runway, Captain Larry Wheaton began to grow worried about ice accumulating on the wings as the plane waited in line for departure behind a New York Air DC-9.

Captain Wheaton then taxiied his plane into the exhaust of the DC-9 ahead of him, successfully temporarily deicing the wings of the plane. The melted ice then refroze around the EPR sensors of the engines. When the flight was clear for departure, the EPR settings were showing usually high and the First Officer replied to this saying "that's not right", and the captain replied saying "yes it is, there's eighty [knots]".

Upon rotation of the aircraft and the plane becoming airborne, the aircraft's stick shaker stall warning immediately activated as the airplane harshly and quickly pitched up into the air, with the wings contaminated with ice. The first officer was pilot flying. The captain urges the first officer to push forward on the yoke and that they only wanted to climb to 500 feet as the airspeed was dangerously low, and the aircraft was at a high angle of attack. The 737 then began to descend towards the 14th Street Bridge in a fully developed aerodynamic stall. The first officer then exclaimed "stalling, we're falling", and then "Larry, we're going down, Larry", to which the captain replied, "I know".

The aircraft struck the 14th Street Bridge, which carries Interstate 395 between Washington, D.C. and Arlington County, Virginia. It crushed seven occupied vehicles on the bridge and destroyed of guard rail before it plunged through the ice into the Potomac River and broke apart. 

The crash occurred less than two miles (3 km) from the White House and within view of both the Jefferson Memorial and The Pentagon. The aircraft was carrying 74 passengers and five crewmembers. Four passengers and one flight attendant survived and were rescued from the crash. Another passenger, Arland D. Williams, Jr., assisted in the rescue of the survivors but drowned before he himself could be rescued. Four motorists on the bridge were killed. The survivors were rescued from the icy river by civilians and professionals. 

President Ronald Reagan commended these acts during his State of the Union speech a few days later, and the bridge was renamed after Arland D. Williams. The cause of the crash was pilot error.


Hermitage cats

The Hermitage cats are a group of cats living in the Hermitage Museum in Saint Petersburg, Russia. The museum has a secretary for the news media about the cats. Three people take care of their daily needs.

The cats live in the museum's basement. In the summer, they also go along the river bank and on the plaza. Cats have been guarding the museum for more than 200 years, since the Tsars ruled Russia. In earlier times, they roamed freely through all the museum galleries.

In 2010, Maria Haltunen ("Khaltunin" in Russia), who directs the museum's cat program, said that there were 60 cats on the museum grounds. The museum staff joked that officially the museum is only supposed to have 50 cats.

In May 2013, the count had grown to 74 cats, of both sexes, Haltunen said. (All have been "fixed" so they can't have kittens). There are kitchens for cooking their food ("they all have different preferences"), and even a small hospital.

Donations, charity gifts and sponsorship from a cat food company pay for the care of the cats.

The cats have been in the museum, that was once a palace, since the 18th century. In 1774, Empress Elizabeth of Russia gave an order for cats to come live in the palace to control the mice population. James Rodgers of the BBC said it is thought that the cats first came from Kazan, a city known for having cats good at catching mice. The cats stayed in St. Petersburg except during World War II, when the existing cat population was killed. After the war, a new group of cats was brought in because the rat population had increased.

In the 1990s Haltunen began a program to actively take care of the cats. Before this, they had lived in poor conditions.

Beginning in 2007, the museum adopts cats needing homes. The cats are an attraction for tourists.

In 2011, the museum began a "Catfest", a celebration of its cat population. "Catfest" has cat painting contests and games for children.


Northwest Airlines Flight 255

Northwest Airlines Flight 255, a McDonnell Douglas MD-82, crashed in Romulus, Michigan shortly after takeoff from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport on August 16, 1987, at about 8:46 p.m. EDT (00:46 UTC August 17). It killed all six crew members and 148 passengers and two people on the ground. There was only one survivor, it was a 4-year-old girl, Cecelia Cichan, who sustained serious injuries. 

It was the second-deadliest aviation accident at the time in the United States and the second-deadliest involving the McDonnell Douglas MD-80 series; , the crash is the fourth-deadliest in both categories and the third-deadliest sole-survivor incident in aviation history. The flight and its two pilots originated at Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport, flying to MBS International Airport in Saginaw, Michigan, and was scheduled to terminate at John Wayne Airport in Santa Ana, California, with intermediate stops at Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport in Romulus, Michigan (outside of Detroit, Michigan) and Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, Arizona.

The MD-80 was prepared during the pushback, but in the rush, the pilots forgot to deploy the flaps for takeoff. As the aircraft lined up on Runway 32C, the pilots skipped over the flap check. After receiving takeoff clearance, the first officer applies takeoff thrust, but the Takeoff Configuration Warning System does not activate.

The aircraft was rotated upon passing rotation speed, but failed to get into the skies, and almost overran the runway. Just as the aircraft became airborne, the stall recognition system and stick shaker activated, and the aircraft began to roll side to side just under 50 feet above the ground. The left wing strikes a light pole and a car rental building, and the burning aircraft then crashes into Middlebelt Road and slides for a few hundred feet before hitting a car and exploding.

154 people on board the aircraft are killed; the sole survivor of the accident was at the time 4-year-old Cecelia Cichan, who obtained serious injuries while pinned in her seat with her seatbelt still strapped.

Delta Air Lines Flight 191

Delta Air Lines Flight 191 was a regularly scheduled Delta Air Lines domestic service from Fort Lauderdale, Florida to Los Angeles, via Dallas that crashed on August 2, 1985, at 18:05 (). The Lockheed L-1011 TriStar operating this flight encountered a microburst while on approach to land on runway 17L (now marked 17C) at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport (DFW).

The pilots were unable to successfully escape the weather event, and the aircraft impacted the ground over a mile short of the runway. The flight hit a car driving north of the airport and crashed two water tanks. The crash killed 136 of the 152 passengers and 11 crew on board, and the driver of the car. 

During the approach to Dallas Fort Worth, the flight experienced heavy thunder and turbulence. They were asked to slow their speed as they were getting too close to the Learjet ahead of them. Once the Learjet ahead had landed, they reported the weather to the ATC, who then reported the weather to Flight 191. 

The captain then goes onto the radio and says "Delta one ninety one out here in the rain, feels good", to which the first officer then states, "we're going to get our airplane washed." 

The turbulence becomes more violent as the aircraft closes in on DFW. The first officer then states, "lightning coming out of that one", to which the captain replies, "where", and the first officer finishes off saying "right ahead of us". 

As the aircraft then begins to gain speed for no apparent reason, the captain warns the first officer, who is currently the pilot flying, to "watch your speed", and then says "you're going to lose it all of a sudden, there it is". The L-1011 then begins a rapid descent, and the captain then says "push it [the throttles], push it way up". The first officer replies, "way up", which is then replied to by the flight engineer saying "way up", and the captain then replies to this, also saying "way up", and then, "that's it", referring to the throttles being at their full forward stop. The engines begin to spool, and the aircraft continues to descend, losing speed, then gaining speed again. 

The GPWS then activates, telling the pilots to pull up, and the flight engineer exclaims, "push it way up", just before the aircraft impacts the ground. The aircraft hits the ground, the nose gear making the first contact, then bounces back into the air and the left engine then hits the car of William Mayberry on Highway 114, killing him instantly. 

At this point, the left side of the plane catches fire as the aircraft remains airborne for several more seconds, before an unknown person in the cockpit exclaims "oh shit" in response to seeing an obstacle. At 18:05, the aircraft crashes into a water tank inside the airport boundaries just before Runway 17L at DFW. 134 people were killed directly as a result of the impact, and 2 more died before being rescued. 
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) determined that the crash resulted from the flight crew's decision to fly through a thunderstorm, the lack of procedures and training to avoid or escape microbursts, and the lack of hazard information on wind shear.


United Airlines Flight 232

United Airlines Flight 232 was a scheduled flight from Stapleton International Airport in Denver, Colorado, to O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. On July 19, 1989, the DC-10 (registered N1819U) operating the route crash-landed in Sioux City, Iowa, after suffering a big failure in its tail-mounted engine, leading to the loss of all flight controls. Of the 296 people on board, 111 died in the accident while 185 survived.

While the DC-10 was in cruise at 37,000 feet, the fan blade inside the number 2 engine cowling shattered, exploded, and broke through the side of the engine. Pieces of the fan blade cut through the horizontal stabilizers in the tail and cut through all three hydraulic lines for the control surfaces, ultimately (and quickly) leaving the aircraft without any flight controls.

The aircraft began to bank right and descend. Captain Al Haynes took control of the airplane and attempted to regain altitude and level out, finding that his yoke had no effect on the attitude or roll angle of the aircraft. First Officer Records also tried his controls, but he could not control the aircraft either.

The flight crew then used the throttles to fly the plane. Flight Instructor Denny Fitch offered his assistance in the cockpit and was put in charge of the throttles. The flight crew then circled multiple times to lose altitude and decided to land in Sioux City, Iowa.

On approach to the runway, the aircraft began to dip below the horizon while travelling almost twice the normal landing speed. No pilot had ever successfully landed a DC-10 at this speed, with or without flight controls. Captain Al Haynes then urges Fitch to "close the throttles," to which Fitch replied, saying "I can't cut them off or you'll lose it, that's what's turning ya". As the aircraft rapidly began to bank right and lose altitude, Fitch said "Right, Al," and Captain Haynes replied "right," then "left left left left left left left, left left left". The ground proximity warning system then activates, and the aircraft crashes into the ground, exploding, and flipping over. The fuselage breaks into five main parts. Of the 296 people on board, 111 are killed.


Moneron Island

Moneron Island is an Asian island of Russia. It lies southwest of Sakhalin.

Stapleton International Airport

Stapleton International Airport was Denver, Colorado's primary airport from 1929 to 1995. At different times it served as a hub for Continental Airlines, Frontier Airlines, People Express, TWA, United Airlines and Western Airlines.

In 1995, Stapleton was replaced by Denver International Airport. It has now been decommissioned and the airport property was redeveloped as a retail and residential neighborhood.


Smolensk air disaster

The 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash occurred on 10 April 2010 when a Tupolev Tu-154M aircraft of the Polish Air Force crashed in the city of Smolensk, Russia, killing all 96 people on board. These included the President of Poland Lech Kaczyński and his wife Maria; the former President of Poland in exile Ryszard Kaczorowski, 18 members of the Polish parliament, and relatives of victims of the Katyn massacre.

They were "en route" from Warsaw to attend an event marking the 70th anniversary of the massacre. The site is about west of Smolensk. The pilots attempted to land at Smolensk North Airport, a former military airbase, in thick fog that reduced visibility to about . The aircraft was too low as it approached the runway as a result of confusing instructions from the traffic controler. Striking trees in the fog, it rolled upside down, struck the ground, broke apart, and eventually came to rest short of the runway in a wooded area.


Smolensk

Smolensk is a city in Russia. It is located on the Dnieper River, and west-southwest of Moscow. It is the administrative center of Smolensk Oblast. As of 2014, the population was 330,000.


Sean Price

Sean Duval Price (March 17, 1972– August 8, 2015) was an American rapper. He was a member of the hip hop supergroups Boot Camp Clik and Random Axe with Guilty Simpson and producer Black Milk. He came to fame as one-half of the duo Heltah Skeltah, performing under the name Ruckus, or in short Ruck, along with partner Rock.

On August 8, 2015, Price died in Brooklyn at the age of 43. The cause of death is currently unknown, but it was reported that he died in his sleep. He is survived by his wife, and his three children." 

Studio albums


It's Too Late (Carole King song)

"It's Too Late" is a soft rock ballad by Carole King. The song is about a woman leaving a relationship. It is on King's studio album "Tapestry".

This song was released as a single in April 1971. It hit #1 on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100. Sales were later certified Gold by the RIAA.

The song was later covered by Gloria Estefan and The Isley Brothers. The Isley Brothers version was released in 1973. Estefan released her version in 1995.

Bump n' Grind

"Bump & Grind" is an R&B ballad by the singer R. Kelly. The song is about rough sexual activity. It comes from Kelly's debut record "12 Play".

The song was released in January 1994. It became a #1 single on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It also spent twelve weeks at #1 on US Hot R&B Songs. The song became the longest-running number one song of 1994.

The song was released again in 2014.

Methods of computing square roots

There are a numbers of ways to calculate square roots of numbers, and even more ways to estimate them.

The mathematical operation of finding a root is the opposite operation of exponentiation, and therefore involves a similar but reverse thought process.

Firstly, one needs to know how precise the result is expected to be. This is because often square roots are irrational. For example, square root of a nice round whole number 28 is a fraction which in its decimal notation has infinite length, and therefore it is impossible to express it exactly:formula_1

Moreover, for some real numbers the square root is a complex number. For example, square root of -4 is a complex number 2"i" :formula_2

In many cases there may be multiple valid answers. For example, square root of 4 is 2, but -2 is also a valid answer. One can verify that they are both valid answers by squaring each candidate answer and checking if you obtain 4 as the result of verification:formula_3

formula_4

Please note that calculating a square root is a special case of the problem of calculating N root.

Most calculators provide a function for calculation of a square root.

If the result does not have to be very precise, the following estimation techniques could be helpful:

Rules for the Direction of the Mind

Rules for the Direction of the Mind () is a book by René Descartes. It was written about 1628. It was not finished, because 36 rules were planned in all, but only 21 were actually written. This work was not published while the author was alive. The "Rules" were published in 1701 in Amsterdam.

Many ideas in this book reappeared, year later, in the "Discourse on the Method".

Although young, Descartes in times of "Regulae" had already believed in innate ideas, for example of the mathematical truths. 

List of governors of Arkansas

The Governor of Arkansas is the head of the executive branch of Arkansas's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

As of January 2016, there were six former U.S. governors of Arkansas who are still living. The oldest was David Pryor (1975-1979, born 1934). The most recent death of a former U.S. governor of Arkansas was that of Dale Bumpers (1971–1975), who died on January 1, 2016. The most recently serving governor to die was Frank D. White, who served from 1981 to 1983 and died on May 21, 2003.

Governor of New Jersey

The Office of the Governor of New Jersey is head of the executive branch of New Jersey's state government. The office of governor is an elected position, for which elected officials serve four-year terms. Governors cannot be elected to more than two "consecutive" terms, but there is no limit on the total number of terms they may serve. 

The official residence for the governor is Drumthwacket, a mansion located in Princeton, New Jersey; the office of the governor is at the New Jersey State House in Trenton. The first Governor of New Jersey was William Livingston, who served from August 31, 1776 to July 25, 1790. The current governor is Phil Murphy, who assumed office on January 16, 2018.

List of governors of Louisiana

This is a list of the governors of Louisiana, from 1803 to the present day; for earlier governors of Louisiana see List of colonial governors of Louisiana.




List of governors of Ohio

The Governor of the state of Ohio is the head of the executive branch of Ohio's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor has a duty to enforce state laws; the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Ohio Legislature; the power to convene the legislature; and the power to grant pardons, except in cases of treason and impeachment.

Governor of New York

The governor of New York is the head of state and head of government of the U.S. state of New York and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor is also the chairperson of the gubernatorial cabinet.

Kathy Hochul is the 57th and current governor of New York, in office since August 2021.

The governor has a duty to enforce state laws and the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the New York State Legislature, to convene the legislature, and to grant pardons, except in cases of treason and impeachment. Unlike the other government departments that compose the executive branch of government, the governor is the head of the state Executive Department.

Under the New York State Constitution, a person must:

The governor is elected by the people through the popular election to a four-year term, along with the lieutenant gubernatorial candidate or the incumbent lieutenant governor as their running mate. The gubernatorial candidate or incumbent governor must have the majority of the popular vote in order to win the election.

If the governor dies, reigns, or is impeached, the lieutenant governor ranks first in the succession will assume the power and duties as governor.

Governor of Texas

The Governor of Texas is the head of the executive branch of Texas's government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The gubernatorial election is held every four years on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November. 

, there are two former U.S. governors of Texas who are currently living at this time, the oldest being George W. Bush (1995–2000, born 1946). The most recent death of a former U.S. governor of Texas was that of Mark White (1983–1987), on August 5, 2017. The most recent U.S. governor of Texas to serve who has died is Ann Richards (1991–1995), who died on September 13, 2006.

Governor of Wisconsin

The Governor of Wisconsin is the highest executive authority in the government of the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The position was first filled by Nelson Dewey on June 7, 1848, the year Wisconsin became a state. Prior to statehood, there were four Governors of Wisconsin Territory.

, there were five former governors of Wisconsin still living. The most recent death of a former Governor of Wisconsin was that of Tony Earl (1983–1987) on February 23, 2023.

Governor of Maryland

The Governor of Maryland heads the executive branch of the government of Maryland, and is the commander-in-chief of the state's National Guard units. The Governor is the highest-ranking official in the state and has a broad range of appointive powers in both the State and local governments, as specified by the Maryland Constitution. Because of the extent of these constitutional powers, the Governor of Maryland has been ranked as being among the most powerful Governors in the United States.

, three former U.S. governors of Maryland are currently living, the oldest being Parris Glendening (served 1995–2003, born 1942). The most recent U.S. governor of Maryland to die was Harry Hughes (served 1979–1987, born 1926), on March 13, 2019. 

List of governors of Rhode Island

This is a list of the governors of Rhode Island, from 1775 to the present day; for earlier governors of Rhode Island see List of colonial governors of Rhode Island.

Warwick, Rhode Island

Warwick ( , more locally ) is a city in Kent County, Rhode Island, United States. It is the second largest city in the state, with a population of 82,823 at the 2020 census.

Rarotonga

Rarotonga is the largest island of the Cook Islands. The chief town, Avarua, is also the nation's capital. As of 2011, 10,572 people live on the island and is nearly 50 km wide.

The Departed

The Departed is a 2006 American crime drama thriller movie. It is directed by Martin Scorsese and written by William Monahan. The movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Mark Wahlberg, Martin Sheen, Ray Winstone, Vera Farmiga, Anthony Anderson and Alec Baldwin. It was very successful, getting positive reviews and $289.8 million in the box office as well as winning four Academy Awards. It is a remake of the 2002 Hong Kong movie "Infernal Affairs".

The movie is set in Boston, Massachusetts. Irish Mob boss Francis "Frank" Costello (Jack Nicholson) plants Colin Sullivan (Matt Damon) as a mole within the police force. At the same time, the police get William "Billy" Costigan (Leonardo DiCaprio) to gain access into Costello's crew. This leads to Sullivan and Costigan each trying to find the other's identity before his own cover is blown.

Zaslawskaye Reservoir

Zaslawskaye reservoir is a man-made lake on the northwestern edge of Minsk, Belarus. It is located at N 53° 58' 51.24" E 27° 23' 3.12". It is also sometimes known as the Minsk Sea. It is about 5 km by 3 1/2 km.

Kayyar Kinhanna Rai

Kayyar Kinhanna Rai () (8 June 1915 – 8 August 2015) was an Indian independence activist, author, poet and a journalist. He used to work with Gandhi when peacefully fighting for India's independence.

Kai died from pneumonia at a hospital in Badiyadka, Kasaragod, Kerala at the age of 100.

Harkishan Singh Surjeet

Harkishan Singh Surjeet (23 March 1916 – 1 August 2008) was a communist politician from Punjab, India. He was the General Secretary of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) from 1992 to 2005 and was a member of the party's Political Bureau from 1964 to 2008.

Madison De La Garza

Madison Lee De La Garza (Dallas, Texas; December 28, 2001) is an American actress, maternal half-sister of the singer and actress Demi Lovato. She is best known by her role of Juanita Solís in "Desperate Housewives".

Madison De La Garza was born in Dallas, Texas, daughter of Dianna De La Garza and Eddie De La Garza.

De La Garza plays the recurrent role of Juanita Solís, in "Desperate Housewives" of ABC. Juanita is the daughter of Gabrielle Solís (Eva Longoria) and Carlos Solís (Ricardo Chavira).

De La Garza has been bullied at school, and her sister Demi talked about her and that she has been intimidated.

In December 2010, De la Garza announced through Twitter that she was doing a Christmas present for his sister Demi, who was receiving treatment for "physical and emotional problems"


Cardiovascular disease

Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a kind of disease that involves the heart or blood vessels. Cardiovascular disease includes coronary artery diseases (CAD) such as angina and myocardial infarction (commonly known as a heart attack). Other CVDs are stroke, hypertensive heart disease, rheumatic heart disease, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation, congenital heart disease, endocarditis, aortic aneurysms, and peripheral artery disease.

Reform Party of the United States of America

The Reform Party of the United States of America (RPUSA), generally known as the Reform Party USA or the Reform Party, is a political party in the United States, founded in 1995 by Ross Perot. It can be seen as a third party to the Republican and Democratic parties. The party had nominated several notable candidates over the years, such as founder Ross Perot, Pat Buchanan, and Ralph Nader. 
The party's most significant victory came when Jesse Ventura was elected governor of Minnesota in 1998.

Frank Gifford

Francis Newton "Frank" Gifford (August 16, 1930 – August 9, 2015) was an American football player and television sportscaster. He was known for broadcasting on "Monday Night Football". Gifford played for the New York Giants from 1952 through 1964. He was born in Santa Monica, California.

On August 9, 2015, Gifford died from a heart attack at his home in Greenwich, Connecticut, aged 84. He is survived by his wife of 29 years Kathie Lee Gifford. He suffered from Chronic traumatic encephalopathy.

Joyce Jameson

Joyce Jameson (September 26, 1932 – January 16, 1987) was an American actress. She played sexualized roles at the same time Marilyn Monroe was famous. She played a fun girl named Skippy in the 1960s television program "The Andy Griffith Show". She played "The Blonde" in the 1960 Academy Award winning movie "The Apartment". She also played small parts in other movies and was not listed as a cast member.

Jameson was born in Chicago, Illinois. She committed suicide by overdosing on pills at age 54 in Burbank, California.

Dottie West

Dottie West (born Dorothy Marie Marsh; October 11, 1932 – September 4, 1991) was an American country musician and songwriter. She was one of the genre's most influential artists. Her career began in the 1960s with her Top 10 hit "Here Comes My Baby Back Again". That won her a Grammy Award for Best Female Country Performance in 1965. Throughout the 1960s, she had many Top 10 and Top 20 songs.

In the 1970s, West wrote a popular commercial for the Coca-Cola company, "Country Sunshine", which hit #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles list in 1973.

West was born in McMinnville, Tennessee. She died after a car accident at age 58.

Achim Hill

Achim Hill (April 1, 1935 – August 4, 2015) was a German rower. He competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics and for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Köpenick.

In 1960 he won the silver medal in the single sculls event. Four years later he won his second silver medal in the 1964 single sculls competition. At the 1968 Games he represented East Germany and finished fifth in the single sculls contest.


Susan Sheridan

Susan Haydn Thomas (4 May 1947 – 8 August 2015), better known as Susan Sheridan, was a British actress. She was born in Newcastle, England.

Her voice acting roles included Noddy in the Cosgrove Hall/BBC Television series "Noddy's Toyland Adventures", Princess Sylvia in "Muzzy in Gondoland", Trillian in the radio series "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" and Princess Eilonwy in the animated movie "The Black Cauldron".

Sheridan died at home in London on 9 August 2015, aged 68.


Chicago Principles

Chicago Principles refers to a set of guidelines on free expression developed by the University of Chicago. Besides the University of Chicago, several other American universities have adopted these guidelines. The name "Chicago Principles" was given by the president of Purdue University. The core concept of the Principles as originally expressed in terms of the University of Chicago is: "Except insofar as limitations on that freedom [i.e., "free and open inquiry in all matters" guaranteed to "all members of the University community" with "the broadest possible latitude to speak"] are necessary to the functioning of the university, the University of Chicago fully respects and supports the freedom of all members of the university community 'to discuss any problem that presents itself.'"

2015–16 Premier League

The 2015–16 Premier League was the 24th Premier League that took place from 8 August 2015 to 17 May 2016.

It was won by Leicester City who, guided by Claudio Ranieri, upset bookmakers odds of 5000/1 at the start of the season by finishing 10 points clear of 2nd place Arsenal to win their 1st ever top flight English league title.

The season was supposed to end on Sunday 15th May, but instead ended on Tuesday 17th May due to the abandonment and subsequent rearrangement of Manchester United's last home game against A.F.C. Bournemouth after a bomb scare.

David Ellefson

David Warren "Dave" Ellefson (born on 12 November 1964 in Jackson, Minnesota, United States) is an American bassist. He was a member of the band Megadeth. Along with Dave Mustaine, he is one of the founding members of the band. He currently lives in Scottsdale, Arizona.

He has also played with Soulfly, Avian, Temple of Brutality, F5, Killing Machine, Ministry, Hail! and Altitudes & Attitudes.


Super Collider (album)

Super Collider is an album by Megadeth. The album was recorded from December 18, 2012 until March 13, 2013. It was released June 4, 2013. The album has 11 songs.

Even though it was not well-liked by critics, "Super Collider" debuted at number six on the "Billboard" 200. It sold 29,000 copies in the U.S. in its first week. Even though it sold fewer copies than the album before, "Thirteen" (42,000), it charted higher after the first week, because "Thirteen" debuted at number eleven. This makes the album Megadeth's highest-charting album in the U.S. since "Youthanasia", which peaked at number four in 1994.

The album dropped to number 39 on the "Billboard" 200 in its second week. Eight months after its release, U.S. sales for "Super Collider" were about 80,000 copies.

The album also had top ten success in Canada and Finland, at number four, and Norway, at number seven. Also, the album charted at number fifteen in Sweden. In other countries, the album did not manage to break into the top twenty.


San Marcos, California

San Marcos is a city in San Diego County, California, United States. It has a population of 94,833 people, as of 2020. The city was incorporated on January 28, 1963.

San Marcos has a Mediterranean climate with hot and dry summers and mild winters. The highest temperature ever recorded in San Marcos was 112 °F on July 22, 2006.


Trickle-down economics

Trickle-down economics is an economic theory: if you tax less the businesses and the wealthy, then that should make it easier for them to invest and create businesses. This will help them but also help those poorer or less rich. Hence the "trickle-down" effect from the rich to poor. 

It does not always work. Some people have accused supply-side economics, such as "Reaganomics" for naively believing that trickle down economics would help everybody. 

General supply-side theory wants to lower taxes for everyone. But trickle-down theory more specifically wants to lower taxes for the rich (the upper end of the economic spectrum).

Oceanside Municipal Airport

Oceanside Municipal Airport (also called the Bob Maxwell Field) is a public airport that is in Oceanside, San Diego County, California, United States. The airport covers 43 acres (170,000 m2) and has one runway. The airport is mostly used for general aviation, which means that no airlines operate at this airport. The airport is owned by Airport Property Ventures and the City of Oceanside.


Bronx Zoo

The Bronx Zoo is in the Bronx, New York City. It is one of North America's largest zoos. Its animals include tigers, gorillas, Indian elephants, penguins, giraffes, monkeys and snakes.

2014–15 UEFA Champions League

The 2014–15 UEFA Champions League was the 23rd UEFA Champions League, and the 60th season of a European club tournament being played. The defending champions were Real Madrid, however, Barcelona won their 5th title over Juventus.

The draw for the round of 16 was held on 15 December 2014. The first legs were played on 17, 18, 24 and 25 February, and the second legs were played on 10, 11, 17 and 18 March 2015.

The draw for the quarter-finals was held on 20 March 2015. The first legs were played on 14 and 15 April, and the second legs were played on 21 and 22 April 2015.

The draw for the semi-finals and final (to come up with the "home" team) was held on 24 April 2015. The first legs were played on 5 and 6 May, and the second legs were played on 12 and 13 May 2015.

 


Pulmonary contusion

A pulmonary contusion (or lung contusion) is a contusion (bruise) of the lung, caused by chest trauma. The bruise harms the capillaries, and then blood and other liquids collect in the lungs. These extra liquids prevent with gas exchange. Without gas exchange, oxygen levels drop (hypoxia). If the lung is cut, then the injury is instead a pulmonary laceration and has different symptoms.

A lung contusion is usually caused by blunt trauma. Explosion injuries or a shock wave from a penetrating trauma may also cause this injury.

Doctors began studying this injury after explosives hurt soldiers in World Wars I and II. In the 1960s when cars became popular people began to get this kind of injury from car accidents. 

Lung contusion and laceration are injuries to the lung. In contusion, the structure of the lung does not change. In laceration, the pieces of lung may be moved. When blood fills lacerations, the injury is called pulmonary hematoma. The difference between a contusion and a hematoma is that in a contusion, the alveoli (tiny air-filled sacs that give oxygen) will bleed, but a hematoma is a blood clot.

If the pleural cavity (the space outside the lung) accumulates blood (hemothorax) or air (pneumothorax) or both (hemopneumothorax) then this is called a collapsed lung. These conditions do not always damage the lung but they might, or they might be the result of damage. Injuries to the chest wall are also distinct from but may happen with lung injuries. Chest wall injuries include rib fractures and flail chest. In flail chest multiple ribs are broken move independently of the rib cage.

Pulmonary contusion is the most common injury found in blunt chest trauma, occurring in 25–35% of cases. It is usually caused by a collision while moving quickly. About 70% of cases result from motor vehicle collisions, most often when the chest strikes the inside of the car. Falls, assaults, and sports injuries are other causes. Pulmonary contusion can also be caused by explosions. The organs most harmed by blast injuries are those that hold gas, such as the lungs. Blast lung is severe pulmonary contusion, bleeding, or edema with damage to alveoli and blood vessels, or a combination of these. This is the usual cause of death among people who initially survive an explosion. Unlike other causes of injury in which pulmonary contusion is often found with other injuries, explosions can cause pulmonary contusion without damage to the chest wall.

Endre Czeizel

Endre Czeizel (3 April 1935 – 10 August 2015) was a Hungarian physician, geneticist and professor. He worked at the World Health Organization.

Czeizel died in Budapest from leukemia at the age of 80.

Chevrolet Tahoe

The Chevrolet Tahoe (and its sibling GMC Yukon) is a full sized SUV sold by General Motors since 1995. It replaced the Chevrolet K5 Blazer and GMC S15 Jimmy. It is available in three trims LS, LT, and LTZ. The Tahoe comes in either rear-wheel drive or four-wheel drive. It also offers FlexFuel (can burn gasoline or mixes of gasoline and ethanol up to E85). The Tahoe is available with a choice of automatic or manual transmission and has a V8 engine. The Tahoe is built on the same chassis used by full-sized Chevrolet and GMC pickup trucks.

It is also offered to police fleets as the "Chevrolet Tahoe Police Package".

<br>

Bob Frankford

Robert Timothy Stansfield Frankford (August 1, 1939 - August 1, 2015) was a Canadian politician in Ontario. He was a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 1995. He represented the Toronto riding of Scarborough East.

Frankford died in Toronto on August 1, 2015 at the age of 76.

Becky G

Rebbeca Marie Gomez (born March 2, 1997), better known by her stage name Becky G, is a Mexican-American singer, songwriter and rapper. She became popular in 2011, after she posted several videos of herself performing remixes of popular songs on to YouTube. In 2014, Gomez had her first Billboard Hot 100 entry, with "Shower", peaking at 16.


Eaglehawk

Eaglehawk is an old gold-mining town in Victoria, Australia. It is near Bendigo.

The Eaglehawk football club is known as "The Burra."

Arbiter (Halo)

The Arbiter is the title of two characters from the "Halo" franchise. Thel' Vadam originated from "Halo 2" and Ripa Moramee originated from "Halo Wars".

Thel was put on trial by the High Council for failing to defeat the UNSC at Installation 04. He was stripped of his title but was given the title of Arbiter by the Prophets of Truth and Mercy.
Thel was voiced by Keith David and Ripa was voiced by David Sobolov.

Many people didn't expect the Arbiter as a playable character for Halo 2 but they liked playing as him.

Typhoon Haitang (2005)

Typhoon Haitang was a typhoon in 2005 that caused lots of damage to China, Japan, the Philippines and Taiwan.

Typhoon Soulik (2013)

Typhoon Soulik was a typhoon that caused damage to China, Japan, and Taiwan in July 2013.

Gravemind

Gravemind is a fictional alien in the "Halo" franchise. It is the hive of the Flood and central form. It is voiced by Dee Bradley Baker.

The Gravemind encountered both Master Chief and the Arbiter. It gave them an offer to defeat the Covenant Loyalists.

For it's first appearance, there was supposed to be a full level about him but was replaced with an opening cutscene.

Many people didn't like Gravemind's first design. By the remake for Halo 2, his design was heavily improved and got better reception.

By-law

A By-law is a rule made by an organization to regulate itself. Sometimes it is also spelled bylaw or bye-law.

In the United Kingdom, Canada, and some Commonwealth countries, the local laws made by municipalities are called "by-laws". This is because the laws are regulated by the central governments.

Harda twin train derailment

The Harda twin train derailment was a twin train derailment on 4 August 2015. It happened in Harda district, Madhya Pradesh, India. It killed around 31 people. At least 72 people were injured.

Two trains passing over a small bridge both derailed within minutes of each other. The Kamayani Express was traveling to Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh. The other train, the Janata Express, was going in the opposite direction towards Mumbai. Officials say the two accidents may have been caused by a flash flood. They also fear that an unknown number of people may have been washed away by the flooded waters of the Machak river.

Halo (disambiguation)

A halo is a ring of light that surrounds an object.

Halo might also mean:

Agüero

Agüero is a family name, it may refer to:


Li Zhanshu

Li Zhanshu (born August 30, 1950 in Pingshan County, Hebei province) is a Chinese political figure. He was the chairman of the National People's Congress from 17 March 2018 to 10 March 2023.

In 1971, Li started his college life in ShiJiaZhuang Finance and Trade College. One year later he started working in government. In February 1976, he was promoted to the lowest level official in the Chinese bureaucratic structure - KeZhang, which is like a Team Leader in most western governments. In 1980s, advanced education was a huge advantage in promotion. In October 1980, Li studied Politics and Education in night school in Hebei Normal University.

Apparently benefited from the education upgrade, Li elevated to the position of CPC Secretary in Wuji county (part of ShiJiaZhuang), Hebei province. Around the same time, Xi Jinping was the CPC secretary in neighboring county ZhengDing (also part of ShiJiaZhuang). It is widely seen that the relationship established between Li and Xi during this period of time played a significant role in Li's later political fortune.

In July 1998, Li left his home province of Hebei and was promoted to provincial level leader in Shaanxi province. In 2002, Li became deputy party chief in Shaanxi. In 2003, Li was dispatched to Heilongjiang as deputy provincial party chief. In 2007, Le was appointed as acting governor of Heilonhjiang. In 2010, Li became the top ruler in Guizhou province - the CPC chief in the province.

In July 2012, Li was transferred to CPC's General Office as deputy director. In September he replacesd Lin Jihua to become the director, which is normally occupied by the CPC General Secretary's trusted person. In October 2017, Li rose to the member of CPC Politburo Standing Committee, ranking #3 in China's power structure. On March 17, 2018, Li became the chairman of National People's Congress of China.

Port Harcourt

Port Harcourt is the largest city in Rivers State, Nigeria and capital of Rivers State, Nigeria. Which is also called Pitakwa.

Port Harcourt International Airport

Port Harcourt International Airport is an airport located in Nigeria.

Rivers State

Rivers State is one of the 36 states of Nigeria. At the 2006 census, the state had a population of 5,185,400. It is the sixth-most populated state in the country. The capital and largest city is Port Harcourt. It is also the centre of Nigeria's petroleum industry.

Rivers State is bordered on the south by the Atlantic Ocean. To the north it is bordered by Imo, Abia and Anambra states. To the east it is bordered by Akwa Ibom State and to the west by Bayelsa and Delta states.

Many indigenous peoples live in Rivers State. They include Ikwerre, Ijwa, Etche, Ogba/Egbema, Ogoni and others.

Red River of the North

The Red River of the North is in North America. It starts between the U.S. states of North Dakota and Minnesota. It starts where the Bois de Su River and Otter Tail River come together. It goes north through the Red River Valley. It is the border between North Dakota and Minnesota. It goes through Manitoba, Canada. It ends in Lake Winnipeg. From Lake Winnipeg, the water goes to the Nelson River. Then it ends in the Hudson Bay. The Red River flows through the cities Fargo-Moorhead and Grand Forks in the United States.

Nour El-Sherif

Nour El-Sherif (; 28 April 1946 – 11 August 2015) was an Egyptian actor. His birth name is Mohamad Geber Mohamad ِAbd Allah (Arabic: محمد جابر محمد عبد الله). El-Sherif was born in the working-class neighbourhood of Sayeda Zainab in Cairo (). He was known for his conspiracy theories about the Holocaust and the September 11 attacks.

El-Sherif was interviewed by Egypt's CBC TV. The interview aired on September 7, 2014. It was translated by MEMRI. In the interview, El-Sharif said that the attacks of September 11, 2001 were the "result of an internal American conflict" between the "U.S. presidency and the CIA."

El-Sherif died from a heart attack in Cairo at the age of 69.

Fikret Otyam

Otyam died of kidney failure at Antalya on August 9, 2015. He was 88 years old.

Apollo Crews

Sesugh Uhaa (born August 22, 1987), better known by his ring name Apollo Crews, is a Nigerian-American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to the WWE and works on their Raw brand.

Uhaa, under the ring name Uhaa Nation, is also known for his work in Dragon Gate USA, as well as the Japanese promotion Dragon Gate. During his time in Dragon Gate, he won the Open the Twin Gate Championship with BxB Hulk. He was also named the Best Newcomer by Dragon Gate USA in 2011.

In October 2014, Uhaa entered a WWE tryout camp and he was given a developmental contract. On April 6, 2015, he started at tjhe WWE Performance Center, . In a press release on April 13, the company announced that Uhaa was a member of their new NXT wrestlers.

Uhaa made his first television appearance on the May 6 episode of NXT and signed his NXT contract during a segment with William Regal. On August 5, it was announced that Uhaa would make his televised NXT debut on August 22 at the "" event. It was also announced that his new ring name would be Apollo Crews.




Bonsall, California

Bonsall is a census designated place (CDP) in San Diego County, California, United States. It is east of Oceanside and Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton. In 2010, the city had 3,982 people.


Indian reservation

An Indian reservation is a place in the United States where Native Americans manage their own land under the US Bureau of Indian Affairs. They are not managed by the state governments. There are currently 326 Indian reservations. Some tribes do not have their own reservations. In some cases a reservation may be shared by two or more tribes. The 2000 United States census showed a larger number of Native Americans and Alaska Natives no longer lived on Indian reservations. Many now live in larger cities like Phoenix and Las Vegas. 


Mia Malkova

Mia Malkova (born July 1, 1992), formerly known as Madison Swan, is an American pornographic actress. She began her career in 2012 and has since appeared in around 130 adult movies. She has also been nominated for seven AVN Awards, winning two.

Malkova was born in Palm Springs, California. She has been married to British pornographic actor Danny Mountain since July 20, 2014.


Edin Džeko

Edin Džeko (; born 17 March 1986) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a striker for and captains both Süper Lig club Fenerbahçe and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.

VfL Wolfsburg

Manchester City

Inter Milan

Individual


2012–13 Manchester City F.C. season

The 2012–13 Manchester City F.C. season was Manchester City's 111th season, 11th English Premier League season in a row, and their 21st season in the Premier League since the team was created.

These are the top scorers for all tournaments.









Principality of the Pindus

The name Principality of the Pindus or Principality of Pindos has been used ,mainly to describe an attempt to form an autonomous district in the Pindus mountains in northern Greece in July, and August 1917. At that time, near the end of the World War I, mayors and sd other leaders from several Vlach villages in the Pindus mountain, including Samarina, Avdella and Metsovo, wanted to create an autonomous protectorate of Italy. This effort was not successful. Neither a principality, autonomous State, or autonomous district ever actually came into existence in 1917. All these events lasted only a few days. One of the members of the temporary committee that wanted to form a government for this district was the young Alcibiades Diamandi, an ethnic-Aromanian who played a significant role 25 years later in 1941-43.

The name "Principality of the Pindus" was used later to describe a similar idea which was discussed by members of the "Roman Legion" (1941-1943). This "Roman Legion" was a group of Vlachs working together with the Italian army that occupied Greece during part of World War II. Alcibiades Diamandi created and was the first leader of this "Roman Legion". The Legion never declared any kind of autonomous state. The Legion stopped existing after the surrender of Italy to the Allies in 1943.

Demolition

Demolition is a process in which buildings are torn down. Demolition is different from deconstruction, which is carefully taking a building apart to reuse its parts. For small buildings, such as houses, demolition is often simple. Buildings are often pulled down with excavators, bulldozers or small cranes. Other specialized equipment may also be used. Larger buildings may use a wrecking ball swung by a crane. This works well for masonry buildings. Sometimes building implosion is used. This involves using carefully placed explosive charges. If done correctly, the building falls in on itself and not on nearby buildings.

Before a building can be torn down, several things have to happen. A demolition permit has to be obtained from a city, town or county. All hazardous waste must be removed. This includes asbestos, lead paint and any flammable materials. All utilities (water, electricity and natural gas) have to be disconnected. Many municipalities have checklists of what to do before a building can be demolished. They also have checklists of things that must be removed first.


Lila Tretikov

Lila Tretikov (; born January 25, 1978) was the executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation from 2014 to 2016. She is a specialist in software engineering.

Tretikov was born in the former Soviet Union in 1978. She emigrated to America in 1994. She studied art and computer science at the University of California, Berkeley.

In May 2014, Tretikov was selected as the future executive director of Wikimedia Foundation, replacing Sue Gardner and took up the post on June 1, 2014.


Thomas Plantagenet Bigg-Wither

Thomas Plantagenet Bigg-Wither (born in Hampshire, October 16, 1845 - died at sea, July 19, 1890) was an engineer and writer.

Between 1871 and 1875, he participated in an expedition in the Brazilian province of Paraná in southern Brazil.

After returning to England, he published the book "Pioneering in South Brazil". He also published an article called "The valley of the Tibagy, Brazil".

In the 1880s, he worked as chief engineer of a railroad in India. In 1890, he became ill. When he returned to England, he died on the ship and was buried at sea.

Fred Eckhardt

Otto Frederick Eckhardt (May 10, 1926 – August 10, 2015) was an American brewer, homebrewing advocate and publicist. He wrote about brewed beverages—beer and sake, and wrote the 1989 book, "The Essentials of Beer Style". He called himself a "beer writer," a "beer historian," and a "beer critic." He was a local celebrity in Portland, Oregon, which Eckhardt described as "the brewing capital of the world."

Harald Nielsen

Harald Ingemann Nielsen (26 October 1941 – 11 August 2015) was a Danish footballer. He played professionally for Italian club Bologna F.C. where he was the league top scorer ("capocannoniere") in Bologna's 1964 Serie A championship winning season. 

Nielsen played 14 games for the Denmark national football team in 1959 and 1960, scoring 15 goals, and he was known as "Guld-Harald" (Gold-Harald). He was part of the Danish team that were runners-up at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was a football entrepreneur having continuously worked for the professionalization of both the Danish national team and the national league. 

David Nobbs

David Gordon Nobbs (13 March 1935 – 9 August 2015) was an English comedy writer and humanist. He was best known for writing the 1970s series "The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin", adapted from his own novels.

Nobbs was married twice, firstly to Mary in 1968, from whom he was divorced sometime after the success of " 'Perrin' " and secondly to Susan in 1998.

Nobbs died on 9 August 2015, aged 80. He was survived by his second wife and four step-children.

The Pleasure Principle (song)

"The Pleasure Principle" is a new jack swing and pop song by the singer Janet Jackson. It is about her not wanting a loveless relationship and not settling for materialism. The song is from her album "Control".

The song hit #14 on the "Billboard"'" Hot 100. This was the only song from Jackson to not chart in the Top 10. It was released in May 1987. 

Excavator

An excavator (sometimes called a digger) is a piece of heavy construction equipment. Excavators are used to dig in the ground or to move large objects. At the base of the machine, it usually has two tracks to move it. Above the tracks is a platform that rotates (180° or 360° degrees). The operator sits in a cab and controls the excavator. One set of controls moves the machine forward and backward. Another set of controls operates the arm and the tilting bucket. hydraulic fluid, hydraulic cylinders and hydraulic motors control the machine. 

It is characterized by its four main parts.

Bucket - Also called a scoop, this part is used to take out a huge chunk of soil from the ground. It is made of solid steel and has large teeth to make scooping easier. 
Excavators come in different sizes based on the type of work they do. Some are cable-operated excavators. Some also use wheels instead of tracks. There are many types of excavator:

Woody (Toy Story)

Sheriff Woody is the main character of the movies "Toy Story", "Toy Story 2", "Toy Story 3" and "Toy Story 4". he is voiced by Tom Hanks in the films while his brother Jim Hanks voices him in the video games, merchandise, and attractions.

Ænema

"Ænema" is the third single off American rock band Tool's second studio album "Ænima". The song was released in August 9, 1997. 

On the "Billboard" charts, "Ænema" was able to peak at #25 on Mainstream Rock Songs. In 1998, the song won a Grammy Award in the category of Best Metal Performance.

With Teeth

With Teeth (written on the album as [WITH_TEETH]) is the fourth studio album by Nine Inch Nails. Nine Inch Nails is an American industrial rock band. Nothing Records and Interscope Records released the album on May 3, 2005. It was produced by Trent Reznor and Alan Moulder. Other music makers also helped with the album, such as Dave Grohl and Atticus Ross. Ross later joined Nine Inch Nails. The album has three singles: "The Hand That Feeds", "Only", and "Every Day Is Exactly the Same". The album was number one on the "Billboard" 200. The RIAA gave it a gold certification.

All songs made by Trent Reznor.

Bob Fillion

Joseph Louis Robert Edgar Fillion (July 12, 1920 – August 13, 2015) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played seven seasons for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was a member of two Stanley Cup-winning teams during his career with Montreal; in 1944 and 1946. He also spent time with the Buffalo Bisons of the AHL and the Sherbrooke Saints of the Quebec Senior Hockey League (QSHL).

Fillion died on August 13, 2015. At the time of his death, Fillion was the last surviving member of the Canadiens' 1944 Stanley Cup team.

Stephen Lewis (actor)

Stephen Lewis (17 December 1926 – 12 August 2015) was an English actor, comedian, director, screenwriter, and playwright. He was best known for his roles as Inspector Cyril "Blakey" Blake in the LWT sitcom "On the Buses", Clem "Smiler" Hemmingway in "Last of the Summer Wine", and Harry Lambert in BBC Television's "Oh, Doctor Beeching!".


Jaakko Hintikka

Kaarlo Jaakko Juhani Hintikka (January 12, 1929 – August 12, 2015) was a Finnish philosopher and logician, one of the most significant of the 20th century. He was born in Helsingin maalaiskunta (now Vantaa).

After teaching for a number of years at Florida State University, Stanford, University of Helsinki, and the Academy of Finland, he ended his career as a Professor of Philosophy at Boston University. He wrote 30 books and over 300 scholarly articles. Hintikka worked in mathematical logic, philosophical logic, the philosophy of mathematics, epistemology, language theory, and the philosophy of science.


IND Eighth Avenue Line

The IND 8th Avenue Line is a subway line in New York City. It carries the A, C and E services, 3 of the 27 services of the New York City Subway. It opened in 1932. About 1 million people ride on it every day. The line is 23 km (14 mi) long. Services that use the line are colored dark red.

There are three services using the line. They are:

Insolvency

Insolvency means that a person or organisation does not have enough money to pay all of the people who they owe money. Different countries have different definitions of exactly what insolvency means, but usually it means either that:

When a person or a business is insolvent, then people whom they owe money to may apply to court to put then into bankruptcy.

People often confuse the terms bankruptcy and insolvency, and sometimes they use one word when they really mean the other. Insolvency usually just means that a someone does not have enough money to pay their debts or (sometimes) that the total amount of their debts is worth more than the total amount of their assets. Bankruptcy is a formal legal process in front of the courts. Although the two terms are connected, just because a person is insolvent does not necessarily mean that they will go into bankruptcy. 

Apart from being put into bankruptcy there are other risks to being insolvent. Many countries have laws to protect the public which means that the directors of a company who continue to trade whilst the company is insolvent may have to pay compensation to creditors, and in some cases may even be convicted of a crime.

Wrecking ball

A wrecking ball is a heavy steel ball used for demolishing large buildings. It is usually hung from a crane. A crane operator swings the ball back and forth like a pendulum. It works best tearing down masonry buildings. Early round shapes would sometimes get stuck in walls and roofs. The modern wrecking ball is pear-shaped to avoid this problem. It is not clear when the wrecking ball was invented. They were commonly in use by 1936 in New York City. Today they are no longer used as much in demolition. The wrecking ball has largely been replaced by the more efficient High reach excavator. "Think of a long-reach excavator as a demolition scalpel, compared to the mallet of a wrecking ball".

<br>

Agustín Cejas

Agustín Mario Cejas (22 March 1945 – 14 August 2015) was a former Argentine football goalkeeper. He played for a number of clubs in Argentina and Brazil and has the all-time record number of appearances for Racing Club de Avellaneda. He was born in Buenos Aires. Cejas played for Argentina at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Cejas died of Alzheimer's disease on August 14, 2015 in Brazil, aged 70.

Stella Hackel Sims

Stella Hackel Sims (born December 27, 1926) was an American civil servant. She was the Vermont State Treasurer from 1975 through 1977. She later served as Director of the United States Mint from 1977 to 1981. She was a Democrat. 

Sims was born in Burlington, Vermont.

Ben Crane

Benjamin McCully "Ben" Crane (born March 6, 1976) is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour. He attended Baylor University. He was born in Portland, Oregon.

Bagdad, Florida

Bagdad is a town in Santa Rosa County, Florida, United States.

Chumuckla, Florida

Chumuckla, Florida is a town in Santa Rosa County, Florida, United States.

Dixonville, Pennsylvania

Dixonville is an unincorporated community in Indiana County, Pennsylvania, United States.

IND Sixth Avenue Line

The IND Sixth Avenue Line is one of the lines of the New York City Subway. It was finished in 1940. About 669,000 people ride on it every day. Services using this line have their bullets colored bright orange.

Colleges and universities in Hawaii

This is a list of colleges and universities in Hawaii.






Wikitravel

Wikitravel is a project to create a travel guide using open content from editors worldwide. It is based on wiki technology.

Wikitravel was created in July 2003 by Evan Prodromou and Michele Ann Jenkins. It is inspired in part by Wikipedia. The project uses MediaWiki, like the Wikipedia, but it is not a project of the Wikimedia Foundation. Wikitravel formerly used a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 1.0, but since January 1, 2010 uses a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0. Among other things, this facilitates the reprinting of pages.



Chevrolet Uplander

The Chevrolet Uplander was a minivan sold by the Chevrolet division of General Motorsf(GM)rom 2005-2009. The minivan replaced both the Venture minivan and the truck designed Astro. 2005 was the only model year for all-wheel drive this is due to the engine changing to a 3L V6 enging. GM said the AWD could not handle the torque. The Uplander was considered an imprpvement over its predecessor. It earned a Good in the IIHS' offset test and a Poor in side impact tests (without air bags, with air bags it earned an acceptable). While it was initially a decent seller compared to the Honda Odyssey and Toyota Sienna the Uplander's sales were poor. In 2008 GM announced that it would shut down Doraville Assembly which manufactured the minivans and decided to focus on crossover SUVs and introduced the Traverse.

Juba II

Juba II was a king of Numidia. He lived from 52 or 50 BC to AD 23.

His wife was Cleopatra Selene II. She was the daughter of Queen Cleopatra VII of Egypt and Mark Antony.

He died in Mauretania.

Ian Woosnam

Ian Woosnam (born 2 March 1958) is a Welsh golfer. He was born in Oswestry, Shropshire. He won the Masters once.

Empire of Brazil

The Empire of Brazil was a parliamentary democratic constitutional monarchy of the nineteenth century that covered the areas of modern Brazil and Uruguay. Brazil was
originally a colony of the Portuguese Empire but became its center when the Prince Regent João VI fled the French invasion of Portugal in 1808. When João returned to Portugal he left his son Pedro as regent of the autonomous Kingdom of Brazil.
On 7 September 1822, Pedro declared Brazil to be an independent Empire and was acclaimed by the people as emperor. However, in 1831 he was able to return to Portugal. He abdicated the Brazilian throne and left his young son Pedro II as emperor. His reign saw three international wars and decades of economic prosperity and political stability.

Pedro I, Pedro II and the imperial family of Brazil wanted the abolition of slavery, and on 13 May 1888 the imperial princess regent, Isabel de Bragança and Bourbon signed the "Golden Law" on behalf of her father, ending slavery in Brazil. By that time, Brazil had become the last major nation to have slavery. Former plantation owners, dissatisfied with the abolition of slavery, joined the republican movement led by Deodoro da Fonseca, an elderly Marshal, to carry out a Coup d'etat and install a republic which became Brazil's first dictatorship on November 15, 1889. The imperial family was exiled, and the Republican government persecuted, tortured and killed all those who opposed the regime.

IND Crosstown Line

The IND Crosstown Line is one of the lines of the New York City Subway. Only one service operates on this line, and this is the G service, which runs from Court Square to Church Avenue. Services using this line are colored lime green.

BMT Canarsie Line

The BMT Canarsie Line is a line of the New York City Subway, and over 565,000 people ride it every day. Services using the line are colored light gray, not to be confused with the dark gray Shuttles.

Only one service uses the line, and that is the L service. It runs from 8th Avenue to Rockaway Parkway.

BMT Nassau Street Line

The BMT Nassau Street Line is a line of the New York City Subway. It is used by two main services, J and Z, as well as a small part of the M train. Services using the line are colored brown.

2023 Cricket World Cup

The 2023 ICC Men's Cricket World Cup was an international cricket tournament which was hosted by India. India was selected as the host at an International Cricket Council (ICC) meeting in London in June 2013. This is the 13th Cricket World Cup competition. It was also the fourth time that India is hosting it. This was the first time that India has hosted the tournament on its own. India hosted previous World Cup tournaments in 1987 (with Pakistan), 1996 (with Pakistan and Sri Lanka) and 2011 (with Sri Lanka and Bangladesh). The winners of the World Cup were Australia, who beat India in the finals by 7 wickets, breaking their 10 match win streak. 

The tournament took place in ten different stadiums, situated in ten different cities across India. The first and second semi-finals were held at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai and Eden Gardens in Kolkata respectively, while the final took place at Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad.

As with the previous edition, the tournament features ten teams. The main route for qualification will be the 2020–2023 ICC Cricket World Cup Super League tournament.

For the World Cup, the top seven sides plus the hosts (India) from the thirteen competitors in the Super League will qualify. The remaining five teams, along with five Associate sides, will play in the 2023 Cricket World Cup Qualifier, from which two teams will go through to the final tournament.

All teams were asked to finalise their 15-player squads prior to 28 September, with any replacements after this date requiring approval from the ICC. All squads were announced by 26 September 2023. The oldest player of the tournament was Dutch player Wesley Barresi, who was 39 years old, while the youngest was Afghan spinner Noor Ahmad, who was 18.

On 8 September 2023, the ICC named 20 match officials for the tournament.
On 25 September 2023, ICC published the list of umpires for match-wise appointments.

Australia
Bangladesh

England
India

New Zealand
Pakistan

South Africa
Sri Lanka
West Indies
The ICC also named four match referees for the tournament.

The ICC distributed a pool of US$10 million in prize money for the tournament, with payouts remaining the same as the 2019 and 2015 tournaments:
Warm-up matches were held from 29 September to 3 October 2023 at Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium in Hyderabad, Assam Cricket Association Stadium in Guwahati, and Greenfield International Stadium in Thiruvananthapuram.

India's warm-up fixtures were announced on 27 June. The complete warm-up fixtures were announced on 23 August. The matches were broadcast live on television. 

The ICC announced the World Cup schedule on 27 June 2023 at an event in Mumbai with a countdown of 100 days to the opening match of the World Cup on 5 October. The group stage started with the match between the finalists of the 2019 Cricket World Cup, New Zealand and England, at Narendra Modi Stadium. On 9 August 2023, nine fixtures, including the match between India and Pakistan, were rescheduled by the ICC.

The tournament began on 5 October at Narendra Modi Stadium, Ahmedabad between the last tournament's finalists, England and New Zealand. England batted first and were restricted to 282 runs, with Joe Root top-scoring with 77 runs. New Zealand secured a 9-wicket victory, thanks to unbeaten 273 run partnership from Devon Conway and Rachin Ravindra. In the next match, Pakistan won by 81 runs against the Netherlands. Bangladesh defeated Afghanistan by 6 wickets.

The ICC released the fixture details on 27 June 2023.

The ICC has stated that if Pakistan had qualified for the semi-finals, they would've played at Eden Gardens in Kolkata. Whereas If India qualified for the semi-finals, they would be playing at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai unless India's opponent was Pakistan (the match would've held at Eden Gardens in Kolkata in that case). All knockout matches had a reserve day available.
Star Sports will serve as the host broadcaster for this Cricket World Cup, in association with the ICC. Star Sports and its sister streaming platform Disney+ Hotstar serve as the domestic broadcasters of the tournament, announcing plans to televise and stream matches in English and eight regional languages.<br>Disney+ Hotstar announced they are set to broadcast all matches free without a subscription on 'mobile devices'.

The ICC and Disney Star announced that each match would feature dedicated feeds in a vertical video format optimised for viewing on smartphones, using dedicated camera angles, graphics, and "bespoke production enhancements".

The list below includes all official broadcasters of the tournament, listed by country or territory.


Julian Bond

Horace Julian Bond (January 14, 1940 – August 15, 2015), known as Julian Bond, was an American social activist, politician, professor, and writer. He was a leader in the Civil Rights Movement. 

Bond was elected to four terms in the Georgia House of Representatives and later to six terms in the Georgia Senate. From 1998 to 2010, he was chairman of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the first president of the Southern Poverty Law Center.

Bond died on August 15, 2015 from complications of vascular disease (blood vessel disease) in Fort Walton Beach, Florida, aged 75.


George E. R. Kinnear II

George E. R. "Gus" Kinnear II (January 12, 1928 – August 9, 2015) was an American four star admiral in the United States Navy. He served as U.S. Military Representative, NATO Military Committee from 1981 to 1982. He was born in Mounds, Oklahoma. He attended George Washington University and Stanford University.

Kinnear died in York Harbor, Maine at the age of 87.

Myrlie Evers-Williams

Myrlie Evers-Williams (born March 17, 1933) is an African-American civil rights activist and journalist. She worked for over three decades to seek justice for the 1963 murder of her husband, Medgar Evers, a leader in the Civil Rights Movement. She was also chairwoman of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).


BMT Broadway Line

The BMT Broadway Line is a line of the New York City Subway. There are four services, and about 748,900 people ride on them every day. Services using this line are colored sunflower yellow.





IRT Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line

The IRT Broadway - Seventh Avenue Line is one of the lines of the New York City Subway. There are three services on the line, colored tomato red and numbered 1, 2 and 3.


Robert Fyfe

Robert Fyfe (September 1930 – September 2021) was a Scottish actor. He was best known for his role as Howard in the long-running British sitcom "Last of the Summer Wine" from 1985 to 2010.

Fyfe died in September 2021, aged 90.

Number 1's (video)


The DVD does not include the official music videos for "Vision of Love", "Love Takes Time", and "Someday". They are replaced by live performances culled from previous DVD/video releases.

"#1's" was re-released in 2008 as part of "Mariah Carey: DVD Collection", a 2DVD set including also "". The video features a shortened version from the original, without the introductory sections per track.


taken from the Columbia Music Video release "MTV Unplugged +3"<br>
taken from the Columbia Music Video release "Here Is Mariah Carey"<br>
edited version taken from the Columbia Music Video release ""

Chuck Todd

Chuck Todd (born 1972) is an American television presenter. He is the moderator on "Meet the Press". He was born in Miami, Florida.


High River

High River is a town in the Calgary Region of Alberta, Canada. As of 2011, the town had a population of 12,920 people. It is 37 kilometres (23 miles) south of Calgary.

The name of the town comes from the nearby Highwood River. The town was incorporated as a village on 6 December 1901. It was incorporated as a town on 12 February 1906. High River has an elevation of 1,040 m (3,410 ft). It has an area of 14.27 km2 (5.51 sq mi).


Evan Prodromou

Evan Prodromou (born 14 October 1948) is an American software developer and open source advocate. His major contributions have been Wikitravel (with his wife Michele Ann Jenkins), Identi.ca and StatusNet. He heads a social media software called Pump.io.

Prodromou was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was raised in California. He has lived in Amsterdam, San Francisco, and Lisbon. He currently lives in Montreal.

In 1990, he graduated from University of California, Berkeley. He worked for Microsoft and many website development companies. In 2003, he started Wikitravel, a travel guide similar to Wikivoyage.


Bubba Watson

Gerry Lester "Bubba" Watson, Jr. (born November 5, 1978) is an American professional golfer. He plays on the PGA Tour. He plays left-handed. He is a multiple major champion, having won The Masters Tournament in 2012 and in 2014. In February 2015, Watson reached a career-high 2nd place in the Official World Golf Ranking.

Watson is among the longest drivers on the PGA Tour. In 2007 he had an average drive of and can hit a ball over , capable of generating a ball speed up to .

Also, in 2015, Watson won the Travelers Championship; and the unofficial Hero World Challenge in the Bahamas in December. In this tournament he finished 25 strokes under par, winning $1,000,000.

Before the Phoenix Open in February 2016, Watson said that he did not like the golf course, the Tournament Players Club (TPC) Scottsdale. So he was jeered by fans for most of the tournament. He then talked against the media for "turning his words around". Two weeks later, he won the Northern Trust Open in California for a second time in three years. He won by one stroke to finish at 15 under par.

Watson was born and grew up in Bagdad, Florida, near Pensacola. He played on the golf team at Milton High School, which also graduated two other PGA Tour members, Heath Slocum and Boo Weekley. 

Watson then played golf for Faulkner State Community College in Baldwin County, Alabama, where he was a junior college All-American. He transferred to the University of Georgia, who were then the NCAA Division I Men's Golf Champions. He played for the Georgia Bulldogs in 2000 and 2001. As a junior, Watson helped lead the Bulldogs to the Southeastern Conference title in 2000.

Watson went professional in 2003 and played the Nationwide Tour until 2005. He played well enough that year to be the last player to qualify for the following year's PGA Tour. As a rookie (beginner) in 2006, he earned $1,019,264 and led the PGA Tour in driving distance at . 

Watson won his first PGA Tour on June 27, 2010, in Cromwell, Connecticut, at the Travelers Championship. He defeated two other players on the second hole of a sudden-death playoff. Crying, Watson said the win was for his parents, especially his father, who had cancer.

Watson began his own clothing line named "Bubba Golf" in 2007. He was invited on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" after he sent her a video of a golf trick shot he made for her birthday.

Watson is a Christian who talks openly about how much his faith means to his life. Watson gives a lot of his money and time to charity.



The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse (1921 movie)

The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse is a 1921 American silent movie set during World War I. Its story was written in a book by Vicente Blasco Ibáñez, and it was made into the movie by June Mathis.

When the film was released in 1921, it became very popular. People bought "gaucho pants" to dress like the movie's main character, Julio Desnoyers. Julio Desnoyers was played by Rudolph Valentino. After starring in this film, he became famous. June Mathis became one of the most successful women in Hollywood.

"The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse" is considered an important film. Because of this, the Library of Congress's National Film Registry is preserving it and making sure it doesn't get damaged. The film is also in the public domain because it is so old. (It was released 94 years ago.) "The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse" can be downloaded for free on the Internet Archive.

Jeep Renegade

The Jeep Renegade is a subcompact crossover SUV. It is built in Melfi, Italy on the same assembly line as the Fiat 500X, which it shares its platform with. The Renegade started production in 2014 as a 2015 model. It is the first Jeep model built only outside of North America. It is sold in South Africa, Europe, North America, and Brazil.

In the US, the Renegade is available in the following trims: Sport, Latitude, Limited, and TrailHawk. All trims except TrailHawk are available with front and four-wheel-drive. The TrailHawk features four-wheel-drive as standard.

The Renegade has two four-wheel drive systems: Active Drive I and Active Drive Low. Both are mated to Jeep's Selec-Terrain System.

In the US, the Renegade comes powered by the following engines:



All Night

All Night is a 1918 American silent comedy-drama movie. It stars Carmel Myers and Rudolph Valentino before they became famous. It was directed by Paul Powell. It was released by Universal Pictures, but they used the name Bluebird Photoplays.

The film still exists even after 97 years, and Grapevine Videos put it on DVD in 2005.

The movie is about a young man named Richard Thayer who is in love with a young woman named Beth Lane. He wants to ask her to marry him, but he can't because she is always surrounded by other men who like her and by her father. Richard's friends, William and Maude Harcourt, decide to have a dinner party and invite Richard and Beth so that they can be together. However, the night they plan it, William's business partner shows up for a surprise visit. This causes a lot of problems for Richard, Beth, and the Harcourts.

Issaquah

Issaquah is a town in King County, Washington, United States.

Issaquah Alps

The Issaquah Alps are a mountain range in the U.S. state of Washington.

Squak Mountain

Squak Mountain is a mountain in the U.S. state of Washington.

Gangwon Province, South Korea

Gangwon-do is a province of South Korea. The capital is Chuncheon. Before Korea was divided in 1945, Gangwon and its North Korean half Kangwŏn were a single province. Gangwon-do is in the northeastern corner of South Korea. On the north it borders North Korea. It has a long coast along the Sea of Japan to the east. On the west it borders Gyeonggi-do. This is the province with the largest population in South Korea. In contrast most of Gangwon-do is made up of mountains and forests. The mountains get a good deal of snow in the winter. They are home to a number of popular ski resorts.

Gangwon-do has two islands, Ulleungdo and Dokdo. Japan and South Korea have had a long dispute over which country owns Dokdo (which Japan calls Takeshima). About 37 South Korean police guard the island and the waters around them.

The 2018 Winter Olympics are scheduled to take place in Gangwon province. Pyeongchang, Gangneung, and Jeongseon will host the events.

Gangwon Province is an important place for former transport links with North Korea. Today train services operate on the Gangwon and Cheongnyeonicheon Lines. Gangwon's marine transport center is Wonsan. There are modern facilities in Wonsan Harbor, which accounts for 4% of Gangwon's freight traffic.
Gangwon FC is based in Gangwon-do. Gangwon's coach is Choi Yun-Gyeom and they have four home stadiums: Gangneung Sport Stadium, Chuncheon Songam Stadium, Wonju Sports Stadium, and Sokcho Sports Stadium. 


Ian Smith

Ian Douglas Smith was a politician from Rhodesia. He was the Prime Minister of Rhodesia (today called Zimbabwe) from 1964 to 1979. Smith was the first Prime Minister to be born in Rhodesia and illegally made the country independent from the United Kingdom. Smith was European in ancestry while most Rhodesians were native, Smith didn't give the Africans equal rights and this led to a war between Rhodesia and African rebels which ended when Smith made a treaty and Rhodesia was replaced with Zimbabwe. Smith was a complicated man and some say he was a good and brave Prime Minister while others see him as racist and destructive.

Ian Douglas Smith was born on the 8th April 1919 in the town of Selukwe to Jock and Agnes Smith, they were both farmers who had moved to Rhodesia from the United Kingdom. Jock and Agnes were important and both were given the Order of the British Empire for their efforts to provide for the people of Selukwe.

Ian was very good as sports and wanted to be an athlete, his grades were also good and so he was able to pass to Rhodes University College in South Africa.

When the Second World War happened, Smith broke a law which made it illegal for university students to fight in order to go to the war for the United Kingdom. He joined the Royal Air Force in 1942 and flew Spitfire planes. In October 1943, Smith's plane stopped working and crashed while setting off in Egypt and Smith was badly injured, his face was partially destroyed and doctors had to use plastic surgery to put it together, leaving his face noticeably disfigured.

Smith still fought and was shot down over Italy in June 1944, Smith joined the Italian resistance who were fighting the Germans and had to walk across the mountainous Alps to be able to return to safety, he then ended up a Flight Lieutenant for his skills.

Ian Smith returned to South Africa to Rhodes University to carry on studying and graduated, he then went back to Rhodesia where his father was ill and wanted him to go to the United States like his uncle Elijah to make money but Smith didn't want to. Smith married his wife Janet in 1948 and adopted her children, Janet was seen as courageous and hard-working like Ian and bought a farm with her called Gwenoro to start a family.

Smith decided to run in the 1948 Southern Rhodesian general election as a member of the right-wing Liberal Party, the Liberal Party lost the election by a lot but Smith was able to be elected and became Southern Rhodesia's youngest MP as he was only 29.

Smith did not do much in his early time in politics and was ordinary, he switched to becoming a member of the United Federal Party (UFP) that was the party in power. When Southern Rhodesia became a part of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland in 1953, Smith was unsure but left Parliament in Southern Rhodesia to be a part of the new Parliament in the Federation and he was elected. Smith's time in the federal Parliament was also ordinary and he did not do much, in 1958 the UFP appointed Smith to be the Chief Whip (meaning he had to convince MPs in his party to vote how the party wanted).

African nationalism against the white rule began to appear and many white Rhodesians were afraid they might take over and that the government in the United Kingdom would support the Africans. When a new constitution was set up in 1961, Smith was the only MP to oppose it because he thought it was racialist and would cause even more problems and left the party. The British government started saying that Africans should be in charge and this created more fear, Smith and a few others started their own party - the Rhodesian Front - to say they wanted independence so this could not happen. Winston Field was the leader of the party and made Smith his second-in-command, and the Rhodesian Front won the 1962 Southern Rhodesian general election and Smith became the deputy Prime Minister because he returned to Southern Rhodesia's Parliament.

Many new MPs for the Rhodesian Front wanted whites ruling only and an immediate and illegal independence (called UDI meaning "Unilateral Declaration of Independence"). Field was more moderate and wanted Southern Rhodesia (now called Rhodesia after Northern Rhodesia was made independent African-ruled Zambia) and the United Kingdom to make a deal where Rhodesia was given independence. But Field could not make a deal and the whites became even more nervous and so in June 1964, the Rhodesian Front voted to remove Field and make Smith the new Prime Minister.

Since Ian Smith was barely known, many believed that he would be only Prime Minister for a short time and the British didn't like how Field had been removed and thought Smith was too old-fashioned and was not born in the United Kingdom. Smith was more demanding of independence, and did not want to say when he would give Africans control over Rhodesia and instead said he wanted both with whites mostly in charge. When Alec Douglas-Home, the Conservative Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, lost the elections and the new Prime Minister was Harold Wilson of the Labour Party, this made things worse as Wilson and his party believed in African rule and would not agree.

Smith also began ruling Rhodesia as he wanted, he banned the Zimbabwe African People's Union (ZAPU), who wanted to fight the white Rhodesian government to have Africans in charge, and also made a new constitution.

In May 1965, Smith lost his patience and had a general election to strengthen his rule and give him more power in negotiations, he won the election with all white seats and only had one white opposition MP (Ahrn Palley).

In October 1965, the talks stopped as both sides could not agree and most people thought that Rhodesia would declare UDI, Smith tried to have a last minute deal but Wilson refused because he did not believe he really would declare independence.

On the 11th November 1965, Ian Smith and the Rhodesian cabinet declared independence (UDI) illegally, no other country recognised Rhodesia and the United Nations called Rhodesia racist and stopped countries from trading with it, although some would secretly or people would illegally or despite.

Most people believed landlocked Rhodesia would not survive other country's not trading and would soon run out of goods and be forced to go back to the United Kingdom, but surprisingly the situation was calm and nothing major happened. Rhodesia still received its goods from Mozambique (then a part of Portugal) and South Africa with the only problems being oil, which was still coming in but in small amounts. Life in Rhodesia remained the same.

ZAPU and ZANU (Zimbabwe African National Union) said that it was an open admission of war and began to revolt but did not have the strength to do anything and so mainly operated in Zambia or Tanzania.

Wilson and the British government at first refused to make a deal to recognise Rhodesia, but as time went on they realised Rhodesia was not being affected and began preparing to talk again. In December 1966, Smith and Wilson went on a ship, the HMS Tiger, in Gibraltar, the negotiations were going well despite the British and Rhodesian delegates not liking each other until Wilson wanted Smith remove his 1965 constitution, Smith refused and the talks stopped except for a list of agreements signed which both the British and Rhodesian cabinets refused.

In 1967, Smith and his more republicanist MPs in the Rhodesian Front began to prepare for Rhodesia being a republic because the Queen Elizabeth II did not recognise Rhodesia's independence. They created a new flag which did not include the British flag, and a new coat of arms.

In April 1968, Wilson and Smith started talking again on the HMS Fearless again in Gibraltar, Wilson treated Smith much better, but when Wilson offered that the Privy Council be involved in overseeing Rhodesia, Smith refused and talks ended.

In 1969, Smith openly began supporting a republic and made a vote of qualified (nearly all white) voters to see who wanted it, the pro-republic side won and a republic was declared in 1970 with the deputy Prime Minister Clifford Dupont becoming the President. The President had no real power and was selected by the government to do ceremonies and act as the head of state.

In 1970, a general election in the United Kingdom had Labour led by Harold Wilson be defeated by the Conservatives led by Edward Heath. Heath wanted to make a deal with Rhodesia and made Alec Douglas-Home the Foreign Secretary. In 1971, Douglas-Home flew to Rhodesia to talk with Smith and make a deal, the talks were a success and they made a deal for more Africans in government but the whites remaining in charge, in 1972, the British made a referendum to see whether every ethnic group supported it, the whites, coloureds, and Asians all did, except the Africans didn't, Smith then blamed this on intimidation by nationalists.

In Portuguese Mozambique and Angola, the situation was more tense as the African insurgency grew, this was compounded in Rhodesia by the failure of the 1971 plan. African militants went into Rhodesia in small bands in 1966 to 1968, but they were all easily tracked down just miles inside killed by the Rhodesian Security Forces. So they decided to train in countries that supported them and trained for a guerrilla war. In December 1972, this was by two attacks on white farmers in one day.

The militants were able to go into African areas and won over the people to their side and recruited, however Mozambique and South Africa were supporting Rhodesia so they did not have much of an effect. However, as Mozambique became weaker in 1973 and into 1974 they were able to get into Rhodesia and recruit more often and attacks slowly happened more and more. Rhodesia then started a counter-insurgency which was successful.

Meanwhile, Abel Muzorewa - who didn't like Smith's deal with Douglas-Home and created the African National Council to try and go against it - made a deal with Smith and started talking together with a British delegation and met in July 1973.

Although Rhodesia was stopping the militants in 1974, things in other countries would make Rhodesia worse off. In October 1973, OPEC (Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries) stopped selling oil to pro-Israeli countries and later to Portugal and South Africa. In April 1974, the Portuguese government was overthrown in the Carnation Revolution, the new government began sending its soldiers out of Mozambique and Angola and Mozambique became overrun with FRELIMO rebels who aided the African militants, adding 1,426 kilometres of hostile border. Despite this, Smith continued saying Rhodesia could survive and nothing was really wrong as the militants entered Rhodesia in larger numbers.

South Africa was losing lots of money due to a boycott of its own, together with its own militant insurgency, and OPEC sanctions, and so Rhodesia became a strain on South Africa's economy. In December 1974, South Africa under John Vorster started to threaten Rhodesia with cuts to imports and the end of special privileges if they did not make a deal with the other African nationalist leaders of the Frontline States (Zambia, Tanzania, and Botswana, later followed by Angola and Mozambique when they became independent the next year), they came up with a deal involving them with Smith and Muzorewa were a ceasefire happened. The ceasefire would not last long and would only allow imprisoned nationalists who were freed to escape and the militants to recoup losses and mobilise. In January 1975, Smith and the Rhodesian government noticed this and stopped the ceasefire, leading to South Africa withdrawing its police and making the situation even worse.

The war continued to steadily get worse as Mozambique became officially independent on the 25th June 1975. In August 1975, 

Takeo Fukuda

Takeo Fukuda (14 January 1905 – 5 July 1995) was the Prime Minister of Japan. He served from 24 December 1976 to 7 December 1978.

Gangwon

Gangwon or Kangwŏn may refer to:


Gangwon FC

Gangwon Football Club () is a South Korean football club. It is based in Gangwon Province of South Korea. Gangwon FC joined the K League as its 15th club for the 2009 season. They play at Chuncheon Songam Stadium in Chuncheon.

Varangian Guard

The Varangian Guard (, "Tágma tōn Varángōn") was an elite unit of the Byzantine Army, from the 10th to the 14th centuries. Their members served as personal bodyguards to the Byzantine Emperors. At first they were made up of Vikings or Rus. Later, after the Norman conquest of England, Anglo-Saxons joined the guard. For a time it caused an Anglo-Saxon emigration to Byzantium).

In 874 peace was established between the Kievan Rus' and the Byzantine Empire. Kiev sent military assistance to Constantinople. By the early 10th century Kievan Rus were serving in the Byzantine army. In the summer of 987 the emperor Basil II asked for military help from Vladimir the Great, Grand prince of Kiev. Vladimir sent 6,000 men who arrived in the winter of 687. These were soldiers who had not been paid and wanted to go to Byzantium where they hoped they could get pay. During Basil's campaigns the Varangians proved to be an excellent fighting force. When Basil campaigned in Georgia and Armenia, he took 6,000 Varangians with him. During truce talks a Varangian and a Georgian got into an argument. General fighting broke out and many were killed on both sides. The surviving Varangians formed the Varangian Guard. They wore uniforms of blue tunics with bright red cloaks. They carried long handled battle-axes trimmed with gold. These weapons were their trademark. The sight of these axemen on a battlefield meant the Emperor was near.

Samarina

Samarina (, ) is a village and a former municipality in Grevena regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Grevena. Its population primarily consists of Aromanians (sometimes called Vlachs). It attracts many tourists due to its scenic location and beautiful pine and beech forests. The population was 378 people as of 2011.

Samarina is located on Mount Smolikas, the highest of the Pindus range and the second-highest mountain in all of Greece, at an altitude of 1380–1515 meters.

In 1917, Samarina participated together with other 12 villages in an attempt to create an autonomous area which much later was described as Principality of the Pindus.

Samarina was the birthplace of Alcibiades Diamandi and Nicolaos Matussis, leaders of the Vlach "Roman Legion", who promoted a local autonomous Aromanian nationalist area during World War II. This was also called in some cases the Principality of the Pindus, although this name is mainly used for the events of 1917 in Samarina.

Azerbaijan Supercup

The Azerbaijan Supercup () is a football competition. It is held at the beginning of each football season. It is between the winners of the Azerbaijani Premier League and the winners of the Azerbaijan Cup. 

Neftchi Baku holds the record for winning the Supercup the most times. They have won it two times since the competition began in 1993. In 1994, Qarabağ were awarded automatically with the Supercup after the team won both the domestic title and the Azerbaijan Cup.

In 2013, the Professional Football League of Azerbaijan decided to restore the Azerbaijan Supercup. Khazar Lankaran were the first winners of the restored Supercup.


 

East Honolulu, Hawaii

East Honolulu is a census-designated place (CDP) in Honolulu County, Hawaii, United States. As of 2020, the CDP had a population of 50,922 people. 

The United States Census Bureau says that the CDP has an area of 34 mi (89 km) and 33% of the area is water.

The CDP is located on Oahu. The CDP starts directly east of the center of Honolulu, and ends at Makapu'u Point (which is the easternmost point on the island).

There are many races present in the CDP.


As of 2022, the median income that households make in East Honolulu is about $151,224 USD. 48.9% is males and 51.1% are female. The median age in the CDP is 50 years old.


The Naked Truth

The Naked Truth is the fourth studio album by rapper Lil' Kim, released on September 27, 2005. This album was released on the first day of Kim's sentencing, in which she went to jail for nearly a year for lying in a court case that had involved Kim a few year back.
It was also her last album with Atlantic Records and her first album not to be certified platinum.


The Notorious K.I.M.

The Notorious K.I.M. is the second studio album by rapper Lil' Kim; released on June 27, 2000. It debuted at number four on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart. The album was Kim's second album to be certified platinum. The name of the album also payed homage to Kim's mentor and friend rapper The Notorious B.I.G. who had been shot dead three years before her album was released.




Hydra the Revenge

Hydra the Revenge (sometimes simply shortened to Hydra) is a steel Floorless Coaster at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom in Allentown, Pennsylvania, United States. It is the only Floorless Coaster in Pennsylvania and was opened on May 7, 2005. Hydra was built on the site of the former wooden roller coaster Hercules, which was closed and demolished at the end of the park's 2003 season. Its name comes from the Greek Mythology story where Hercules battled the Hydra.

Site preparation began in late 2003, when on September 1, 2003, Hercules, a wooden roller coaster that sat in the current location of Hydra the Revenge, was closed and demolished. On September 14, 2004, the $13 million Hydra the Revenge was announced. Construction began in the spring of 2004 and continued through the winter. Hydra the Revenge was topped off (highest piece of the lift hill) on August 20, 2004 and the entire track layout was completed on December 4, 2004. The first cars for the coaster arrived at Dorney Park on December 10, 2004 and the first ride with people on a train took place on March 24, 2005. The roller coaster officially opened to the public on May 7, 2005.


Bubba Trammell

Bubba Trammell (born November 6, 1971) used to be a major league baseball player who played for the New York Yankees.

Mi querida España

"Mi querida España" ("My Dearest Spain" or "My Lovely Spain") is a song. It was written and sung by the Spanish songwriter Cecilia in 1975. It was included on her album "Un ramito de violetas" "(A bouquet of violets)." This song was considered a protest song in the last years of Francisco Franco's dictatorship because of its lyrics.

"Mi querida España" was a hit in the 1970s and became a part of Spanish music history. It has become a national symbol.

The lyrics include social criticism toward the Franco government. Some sentences were considered controversial by the government authorities in those years. For example, where Cecilia sung:

this was changed by the censors to this version:

The music video was filmed in Retiro Park, Madrid by Enrique Martí Maqueda, TVE's producer in those times, for the 1975 OTI Festival.

In 1987, the Spanish band "La Década Prodigiosa" released a cover of the song.

In 1996 (twenty years after Cecilia's death) it was published in a tribute album titled: "Desde que tú te has ido (Since you are gone)". Several artists sang her singles in memory of Cecilia. Miguel Bosé recorded this song.

In 2015 "Mi querida España" was performed by Kiko Veneno and Rozalen for the soundtrack of the Spanish movie "Perdiendo el norte".


Arthur A. Lumsdaine

Arthur Allen Lumsdaine (1913–1989) was an American applied psychologist who researched the use of media and programmed learning. Art Lumsdaine served as a soldier in the U.S. Army in World War II. He returned to take a PhD in psychology at Stanford University (awarded 1949). 

Service in the Army showed him the crucial role played by training in any large army conscripted from the general population. Lumsdaine’s main work was on the effectiveness of media for training and education. He also worked on the experimental investigation of attitude change. 
He played a leading part in the post-World War II wave of experimental psychologists who worked on the principles of education and training. Lumsdaine saw the potential of teaching machines and programmed instruction and helped their development. 
Art was a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, as well as of the American Psychological Association (APA). He served as a member of the APA's Board of Scientific Affairs (1967–1970), was President of the Division of Educational Psychology (1968–1969), and was an Associate Editor of "Contemporary Psychology" for eight years.


Bedivere

Bedivere () is a legendary character in the King Arthur stories. He is a Knight of the Round Table. He is a fearless fighter and one of Arthur's most trusted knights. In the early legends he is the cupbearer. Later legends have him as the one who returns Arthur's sword Excalibur to the Lady of the Lake. He then put the dying Arthur in a boat to take him to Avalon. In some legends Arthur gives him rule over Normandy. In stories he is frequently associated with Sir Kay. Sir Lucan is his brother. Sir Griflet is his cousin.

In the legends Sir Bedivere had a grandfather also named Bedivere who was the founder of the city of Bayeux. His son was named Amren. He also had a daughter named Eneuavc.

Bedivere was one of the first knights to join the Round Table. He was also one of Arthur's earliest followers. He and Arthur fought the Giant of Mont Saint-Michel. He lost one hand in a battle. Only he and Arthur survived the "Battle of Camlan". But Arthur received a wound in the battle and was dying. Arthur commanded Bedivere to throw his magical sword Excalibur back into the Lake. Twice Bedivere lied to Arthur but the third time he threw the sword into the lake it came from. Bedivere was said to have been killed in the Roman Campaign.


<br>

Mile Mrkšić

Mile Mrkšić (; 20 July 1947 – 16 August 2015) was a Serb Colonel of the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) in charge of the unit involved in the Battle of Vukovar during the Croatian War of Independence in 1991. He was convicted for not preventing the mass killing of 264 Croats that followed the fall of Vukovar, and sentenced to 20 years.

László Paskai

László Paskai, O.F.M. (8 May 1927 – 17 August 2015) was a Hungarian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as the archbishop of Esztergom-Budapest from 1987 to 2002.

He was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2005 papal conclave that elected Pope Benedict XVI.


Bob Johnston

Donald William 'Bob' Johnston (May 14, 1932 – August 14, 2015) was an American record producer. He was best known for his work with Bob Dylan, Johnny Cash, Leonard Cohen, and Simon and Garfunkel. He was born in Hillsboro, Texas.

Johnston died in Nashville, Tennessee, aged 83.

Arsen Dedić

Arsen Dedić (born 28 July 1938) was a Croatian singer-songwriter. He was known in the Croatian as well as former Yugoslav music scene. Dedić wrote and performed chansons as well as movie music. He was also an award-winning poet, and was one of the best-selling poets of former Yugoslavia.


Eduardo Guerrero (rower)

Eduardo Guerrero (4 March 1928 – 17 August 2015) was an Argentine rower and Olympic champion. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.

He was born in Salto, Buenos Aires Province. Guerrero participated in the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where he won gold medal in double sculls competition together with Tranquilo Capozzo. Guerrero died on August 17, 2015 from pneumonia at the age of 87.

Shuja Khanzada

Shuja Khanzada (‎; 28 August 1943 – 16 August 2015) was a Pakistani politician and retired Pakistan Army colonel. He served as the home minister of Punjab from 2013 until his death in 2015. 

On August 16, 2015, Khanzada was killed by a suicide attack at his political office in Shadikhan; the militant group Lashkar-e-Jhangvi has claimed responsibility.

103 (number)

103 is a natural number that comes before 104 and after 102. It is part of the group of quadruple prime numbers 101, 103, 107, and 109.

Suvra Mukherjee

Suvra Mukherjee (September 17, 1940 – August 18, 2015) was the First Lady of India from 2012 until her death in 2015. She was the wife of Indian President Pranab Mukherjee from 1957 until her death in 2015.

Mukherjee died of respiratory failure caused by lung cancer at a hospital in New Delhi, India, aged 74.

Meshulim Feish Lowy

Meshulim Feish Segal Lowy II (, Magyarized: "Lőwy Ferencz"; 11 April 1921 – 12 August 2015) was a Hungarian-Canadian rabbi. He was the fourth Grand Rebbe of the Tosh hasidic dynasty.

Rabbi Lowy died in Quebec, Canada from pneumonia at the age of 94.

Xanthophyll

Xanthophylls are types of yellow pigments that can be seen in natural objects. They are found in the leaves of most green plants. They are difficult to see in a healthy leaf, because chlorophyll pigments make the leaf green. Unlike chlorophyll, however, xanthophylls do not need light for production. Therefore, leaves will only show the yellow pigments if the leaf does not get enough light (etiolation).

The name comes from the Greek words for "yellow" ("xanthos", ), and "leaf" ("phyllon", ).

The Road to El Dorado

The Road to El Dorado is a 2000 American animated adventure movie made by DreamWorks Animation. The movie was directed by Eric "Bibo" Bergeron and Don Paul; Will Finn and David Silverman directed additional sequences. It stars Kevin Kline, Kenneth Branagh, Rosie Perez, Jim Cummings, Frank Welker, Armand Assante, Edward James Olmos and Tobin Bell. It was composed by Elton John.

The movie follows two Spanish conmen who leave Spain and set off to the New World. As they head to the legendary city of gold, they are mistaken for gods by the people. The movie flopped at the box office. It was poorly received by critics.

In 16th century Spain, two con artists win a map to El Dorado from the dice game. They escape from the city and stow away on the ship of Hernán Cortés, while sailing to the New World. After befriending a horse named Altivo, they land off the Mexican coast. After seeing landmarks on the map, they take a direction to the legendary golden city. As they arrive at the waterfall, a woman and an army of guards recognize them as gods, and escort them to the city. There, they meet the elders, kindhearted Chief Tannabok and the malicious high priest Tzekel Kan. Tannabok welcomes the two to the city warmly, while Tzekel Kan mainly sees them as an opportunity to enhance his own standing. He also believes the gods' arrival will spark the "Year of the Jaguar", a time when everyone will be purged from the city.




Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome

Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome is an Australian adventure action movie. It is about Max being exiled into the desert by the corrupt ruler of Bartertown, Aunty Entity. He then meets a cargo cult near a Boeing 747 and its dead captain.


Reaction to the movie was generally positive. The movie website Rotten Tomatoes gives this movie an 81% rating. Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the movie 4 out of 4 stars. His review of the movie was positive.

Flagrant foul

In basketball, a flagrant foul is a serious personal foul. It is considered flagrant if it involves too much or too violent contact that can injure another player. A flagrant foul may or may not be intentional. In the NCAA, if intentional, a flagrant foul is called an "intentional foul".

The NBA made a flagrant foul rule in the 1990s. It is intended to stop contact which puts a player's safety and health at risk. In the NBA, Flagrant 1 and Flagrant 2 are fouls. A player who commits a flagrant 2 foul must immediately leave the game. 

Flagrant fouls can also be punished with fines.

Joey Essex

Joey Don Essex (born 29 July 1990) is an English television personality and DJ for Sugar Hut, a nightclub in Brentwood, Essex. He rose to fame in 2011 after appearing in the ITV2 television series "The Only Way Is Essex". Essex and his sister Frankie left the show in 2013, although his cousin Chloe remains on it. In 2013, Essex took part in the first series of the celebrity diving show "Splash!" and the thirteenth series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!", where he finished in fourth place. In 2015, he won the Channel 4 reality series "The Jump".

Essex is at least an ex-social smoker. This picture was taken, and published on the Metro Website on 3rd November 2011.

Brooke Astor

Brooke Astor (born Roberta Brooke Russell; March 30, 1902 – August 13, 2007) was an American philanthropist, socialite and author. She was the chairwoman for the Vincent Astor Foundation. The VAF was founded by her third husband, Vincent Astor, son of RMS "Titanic" passenger John Jacob Astor IV. Brooke Astor wrote two novels.

Astor was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. She died in Briarcliff Manor, New York at age 105 from pneumonia.

Jacob Bekenstein

Jacob David Bekenstein (Hebrew: יעקב בקנשטיין; May 1, 1947 – August 16, 2015) was a Mexican-born American-Israeli theoretical physicist. He made fundamental contributions to the foundation of black hole thermodynamics and to other aspects of the connections between information and gravitation. He was of Jewish descent.


Gerhard Mayer-Vorfelder

Gerhard Mayer-Vorfelder (March 3, 1933 – August 17, 2015), often called "MV", was the Vice President of the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA). Prior to his UEFA career, Mayer-Vorfelder was a politician of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. He served in the state cabinet of Baden-Württemberg from 1976 to 1998. He was later president of German soccer club VfB Stuttgart, and the German Football Association.

He was born in USA and died in CANADA

 r.mtdv.me
Hotter than July

Hotter Than July is the nineteenth album by American recording artist Stevie Wonder. It was released on Motown's Tamla label on September 29, 1980. It was certified platinum, which means it sold more than 1,000,000 copies in the US. It reached number three on the US Billboard chart. This was Stevie Wonder's most successful album in the UK, where it reached number two on the sales charts, and produced four top ten singles.

"Hotter Than July" was nominated for Favorite Soul/R&B Album at the American Music Awards in 1982.

All songs written, produced and arranged by Stevie Wonder except where noted.

F-Zero: Maximum Velocity

F-Zero Maximum Velocity (F-Zero for Game Boy Advance in Japan) is a 2001 futuristic racing video game published by Nintendo and developed by Nintendo R&D1 and Nd Cube. It was released for the Game Boy Advance and for the Virtual Console for the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U. "F-Zero: Maximum Velocity" was released on March 21, 2001 in Japan, June 11, 2001 in North America, on June 20, 2001 in Australia, and on June 22, 2001 in Europe. It was the first "F-Zero" game to be released on a handheld game console. The game takes place twenty-five years after "F-Zero" and is the only "F-Zero" game without Captain Falcon.

IGN rated the game a 9 out of 10. Craig Harris of IGN called the game "an amazing achievement for the Game Boy Advance". GameSpot rated the game 8.1 out of 10. Shane Satterfield of GameSpot said that the game was "a challenging yet addictive racer" and that "With plenty of tracks to unlock, vehicles to master, and multiplayer modes to explore, it won't be headed for trade-in anytime soon".

"Famitsu" magazine scored the game a 31 out of 40 when it released.

Notes

Killing Me Softly

Killing Me Softly is a studio album by American singer-songwriter Roberta Flack. It was released on August 1, 1973 by Atlantic Records. Flack recorded the album with producer Joel Dorn for 18 months.


Dina Carroll

Geraldine Carroll (born 21 August 1968, Newmarket, England), best known as Dina Carroll, is a British singer. She is of Scottish and African American heritage. Carroll had a number of hit songs during the 1990s. She had two platinum albums.

Carroll started singing at age of five, mainly at home with her sister. She did not have any formal training as a singer. In 1981, at the age of 13, she won a local talent competition. She sang Barbra Streisand's "Woman in Love". After leaving school, she worked in various jobs. This includes a one-day job as a maid in a Cambridge hotel in 1985.

At the age of 16, she was signed to the London record label "StreetSounds". Carroll moved to West London and recorded two singles, "Set It Off" and "One Nation". Both were released in the mid-1980s. They were credited to a non-existent group, Masquerade. After six months she left StreetSounds.

Her first album has sold more than 350,000 copies.

Khaled Asaad

Khaled Asaad (; 1934 – 18 August 2015) was a Syrian archaeologist. He was the head of antiquities in the city of Palmyra for more than forty years. In May 2015, Palmyra came under the control of the terrorist militant group Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), and Asaad was amongst those captured during this time. He was executed on 18 August 2015.

Louis Stokes

Louis Stokes (February 23, 1925 – August 18, 2015) was an American attorney and politician. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He served 15 terms in the United States House of Representatives from 1969 through 1999. He was the first black congressman elected in the state of Ohio.

Stokes died in Cleveland, Ohio from lung and brain cancer, aged 90.


El Dorado

La Ciudad del Dorado (Spanish for "The City of the Golden One"), otherwise referred to as simply El Dorado ("The Golden One"), is a mythical city in South America. A story of the same name first referred to a deity El Dorado was called after named "El Hombre Dorado" ("The Golden Man"), "El Rey Dorado" ("The Golden King") or "El Dorado" for short. Later, it was used for a city, and in the end, for a whole country. When the Spanish came to South America, they were greedy and tried to find El Dorado.

According to the legend, the new king had to sacrifice things to the sun god. This happened at Lake Guatavita, a small lake near modern-day Bogotá. At night, fires were lit, and the naked torsos of the noblemen were covered in a paste made of gold dust. With the noblemen, the ruler used a raft to navigate to the middle of the lake. There, they sacrificed the valuables, made of gold or precious stones. The king then jumped into the lake, and the gold paste, as well as the other sacrifices went to the bottom of the lake. 

4: The Remix

4: The Remix is an extended play (EP) by American singer Beyoncé. It was released through Columbia Records on April 23, 2012. Before the release of the EP, Beyoncé organised a remix competition for her then-upcoming single "End of Time". The remix was chosen by a judging panel. The winner of the contest was Radzimir "Jimek" Dębski. 4 is a megapop album with a number of A-list guest stars. The guests include Kanye West and André 3000. Writers and producers include Rodney Jerkins, Tricky Stewart, Frank Ocean, Diplo and Switch.

Metacritic gave "4" a generally positive 73 score. The New York Times pointed out that other recording artists could have released some of these songs. "Most of '4,' though, no one else could get away with, or would even want to try." Chris Richards of The Washington Post wrote "It’s also her fourth-best album, as in her worst." The album is "heavy on ballads and midtempo tracks" according to Chicago Tribune critic Greg Kot. 

Mayor of New York City

The Mayor of New York City, officially known as the Mayor of the City of New York, is head of the executive branch of New York City's government. The mayor's office administers all city services, public property, police and fire protection, most public agencies, and enforces all city and state laws within New York City.


Lawrence Lessig

Lester Lawrence Lessig III (born June 3, 1961) is an American academic and political activist. He is known for his work in reducing legal restrictions on copyright, trademark and radio frequency, and helped create the free culture movement. He has been an activist against the Second Amendment and created the Second Constitutional Convention.

Lessig was born in Rapid City, South Dakota, the son of Patricia, who sold real estate, and Lester L. "Jack" Lessig, an engineer. He grew up in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. He studied at the Wharton School, at Trinity College, Cambridge, and at Yale University. For a year, he worked as a clerk in Chicago.

Lessig started his academic career at the University of Chicago Law School, where he was Professor from 1991 to 1997. From 1997 to 2000, he was at Harvard Law School, holding for a year the chair of Berkman Professor of Law, affiliated with the Berkman Center for Internet & Society. He subsequently joined Stanford Law School, where he established the school's Center for Internet and Society.

Lessig returned to Harvard in December 2008 as Professor and Director of the Edmond J. Safra Center for Ethics. In 2013, Lessig was appointed as the Roy L. Furman Professor of Law and Leadership; his chair lecture was titled "Aaron's Laws: Law and Justice in a Digital Age." In 2013, Lessig was also awarded an honorary doctorate by the Faculty of Social Sciences at Lund University, Sweden.

Lessig is currently considered politically liberal. As a law clerk, however, he worked for both Judge Richard Posner and Justice Antonin Scalia, two influential conservative judges.

Lessig has emphasized in interviews that his philosophy experience at Cambridge radically changed his values and career path. Previously, he had held strong conservative or libertarian political views.

In August 2015, Lessig announced that he was exploring a possible candidacy for President of the United States in the 2016 election. On September 6, 2015, Lessig announced that he would run for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination. Almost two months into the campaign trail, poor polling numbers and not being qualified to enter the debates, Lessig dropped out on November 2, 2015.

Lessig is married to Bettina Neuefeind. He is the father of three children (Willem, Teo, and Tess).


Kosi Zone

Koshi was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal. The headquarters and largest city of Koshi Zone was Biratnagar. Other major cities of Koshi Zone were Inaruwa, Dharan, Dhankuta and Itahari. Its main rivers are the Arun, Tamor, and Sapta Koshi. Koshi had six districts. These were Bhojpur, Dhankuta, Morang, Sankhuwasabha, Sunsari and Terhathum.



Korumburra

Korumburra is a town in the Australian state of Victoria. It is south-east of Melbourne. The town is above the sea level. In 2006 there were 4465 people living in Korumburra.

The word "Korumburra" is believed to be an Aboriginal word meaning "maggot". 

The first European settlers began farming cattle in the area in 1846. In 1878 coal was discovered at what was called Coal Creek. Farmers began to create small farms in the area. In 1887 the town was planned to be along the railway line which would go to the coal mine.

The first Post Office in the area opened on 1 September 1884. The railway arrived in 1891. The first school opened in 1897.

Korumburra is the home of Coal Creek Community Park and Museum. This museum shows life in the area from the 1870s to 1920s, as the town rapidly expanded following the discovery coal. The outdoor museum covers of bushland, including 60 exhibits. These include the Giant Earthworm, National Bank, Anzac exhibit, mining exhibits, dairy exhibit at the Boston Carriageworks and Railway Museum. The Park is free entry and open Thursdays to Mondays, and seven days a week during school holidays. A tramway runs on weekends around the lower end of the park with an old-time farm and bush oval. Many local organisations use the Park and environs and special events are held during the year.
There is an Olympic swimming pool (open November–March), basketball stadium, art gallery, the South Gippsland tourist railway. The towns main industries include dairy and beef. The region is home to the world's largest earthworms. The town is also home to Burra foods which is a dairy company.

The town has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Alberton Football League.

The town has a soccer team competing in the South Gippsland Soccer League under the name Korumburra City.

Golfers play at the course of the Korumburra Golf Club on Warragul Road.

In DC Comics about The Flash, Korumburra, spelled Kurrumburra, is the home town of Captain Boomerang.

Korumburra is also the home of the popular tourist railway South Gippsland Railway which operates a heritage railway service between Leongatha and Nyora. Heritage trains are operated each Sunday and on public holidays. 

Korumburra was on the South Gippsland railway line went to Leongatha until 1993. A V/Line road coach service replaced the rail service. The line beyond Leongatha is being used as a rail trail for public use.

On 6 March 2009 an earthquake of 4.7 on the Richter scale was recorded west of Korumburra. A second 4.7 tremor was recorded two weeks later on 18 March 2009; the epicentre was north of the town. No damage was reported.

As of 2 April 2009, fifteen earthquakes and aftershocks have been recorded around the town during 2009.

On 5 July 2011, a 4.4 earthquake with the epicentre on Korumburra was felt over much of suburban Melbourne as well.

Notable people from Korumburra include:

Sagarmatha Zone

Sagarmatha () was one of the fourteen zones in Nepal. It included mountain districts of the Himalayas (including Mount Everest) in the north, hill districts in the center, and valley districts of the Terai in the south. It was bordered by China to the north, India to the south, the Koshi Zone to the east and the Janakpur Zone to the west. The main city of the Sagarmatha Zone was Rajbiraj which is also the headquarters.

Sagarmatha was divided into six districts: 


Geography of Nepal

Nepal measures about along its Himalayan axis by across. With it slightly outranks the state of Arkansas in the United States. Nepal is landlocked by India on three sides and China's Tibet Autonomous Region to the north.


Janakpur Zone

Janakpur ( ), was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, reaching from the Indian border in the south to the Tibetan border in the north and Sagarmatha Zone in the east and Bagmati and Naryani Zones in the west.

The headquarters of Janakpur Zone and its main city was Janakpur. It is a historic city of Hinduism. The city was believed to be the capital city of King Janak, the father in law of Lord Rama, the son of the then king of Ayodhya, Dasharatha. The name of this zone is related to the historic King Janak and his capital Janakpur. 

Other cities within Janakpur Zone were Kamalamai (in Inner Terai) and Bhimeshwor and Bardibas, Dhalkebar, Jaleshwor, Malangwa, Gaushala Bazar and Matihani (Outer Terai).

Janakpur was divided into six districts. They are :-


Bagmati Zone

Bagmati ( "Bāgmatī Añcal"), was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal. It is named after the Bagmati River. Bagmati was in the Central Development Region of Nepal. The zone contained the Kathmandu Valley. The capital was Kathmandu. In 2011 the total population was 3,843,596. 

Limestone, talc, zinc, lead and silver are mined and exported from Bagmati. Brown, white and pink marble are also exported. The hill districts around Kathmandu are notorious for human trafficking in young girls. The girls are taken to India where they are sold to brothels.

Bagmati was divided into eight districts:


List of people from Vancouver

This is a list of notable personalities/celebrities from or who spent considerable time living in Vancouver, British Columbia.

























Point Grey Secondary School

Point Grey Secondary School is a public secondary school in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It was built in 1929. It was designed in the Collegiate Gothic style by Townley & Matheson. It is on Heritage Vancouver Society’s Top 10 most-endangered sites list for 2015. The school is at risk of being damaged by an earthquake.

The Fraser Institute gives the school a ranking of 52 out of 289 schools for 2013–2104.

Monmouth County, New Jersey

Monmouth County, New Jersey is a county of New Jersey.

Santa Clarita, California

Santa Clarita, officially the City of Santa Clarita, is the third largest city in Los Angeles County, California. It is the 17th largest city in the state of California. The city has annexed unincorporated areas, which has made the population higher. Santa Clarita is about 35 miles (56 km) northwest of downtown Los Angeles. It takes up most of Santa Clarita Valley. It is a good example of a U.S. edge city or boomburb. Santa Clarita was ranked by "Money" magazine in 2006 as 18th of the top 100 places to live. There are four smaller communities in Santa Clarita. They are called Valencia, Saugus, Newhall, and Canyon Country. Santa Clarita is well known for the amusement park Six Flags Magic Mountain as well as the TV program Santa Clarita Diet.

Santa Clarita became a city in December 1987, but its history stretches back many hundreds of years. In the year 450, a group of Native Americans called the Tataviam arrived in the valley, and as many as 2,000 lived there at their height.

In 1842, Francisco Lopez found gold in the area. It was the first recorded gold in the state. It is marked in an area called Placerita Canyon, which was also the original "back lot" area for Hollywood movie makers.

The town of Newhall is named after Henry Mayo Newhall, a businessman who became rich during the California Gold Rush. At first, he founded H.M. Newhall & Company, an auction house in San Francisco. Then, he got into the railroad business. He put money into companies that would join San Francisco to other cities and was in charge of the San Francisco and San Jose Railroad. He sold the business to the Southern Pacific Railroad in 1870, and was one of the people in charge of it.

After railroads, Newhall started focusing on real estate and ranching. He bought 143,000 acres of land between Los Angeles and Monterey counties. The largest piece of land was the 46,460 acres of land in northern Los Angeles County which was called the Rancho San Francisco, later called Newhall Ranch. He sold some of his property to the Southern Pacific Railroad which built a train line through the present-day Newhall Pass. They also built a town and named it after Newhall. The first station North on the new line was named Saugus by Newhall, after his hometown of Saugus, Massachusetts. His children created the Newhall Land and Farming Company that helped build the rest of Santa Clarita.

On September 5, 1876, Charles Crocker and joined their railroads together in Canyon Country, linking Los Angeles with the rest of the country for the first time.

A couple of weeks later, on September 26, Charles Alexander Mentry built California's first useful oil well in Mentryville, helping kickstart the Southern California oil industry. The oil was cleaned in Newhall, in what is now the oldest existing oil cleaner in the world. It was open between 1874 and 1888.

The Saugus Cafe on Railroad Avenue in Saugus was opened in 1887. It is far and away the oldest open restaurant in Los Angeles County and the 16th oldest open restaurant in the state.

Filming in Santa Clarita began at the turn of the century and featured actors including William S. Hart and John Wayne. Hart and actor Harry Carey both have parks named after them in the county.

The Santa Clarita Valley was the scene of the second most deadly disaster in Californian history, behind the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. It was known as the "worst civil engineering failure of the 20th century". Before midnight on March 12, 1928, the St. Francis Dam collapsed. It caused a flood to rush all the way West to the Pacific Ocean near Ventura. An estimated 431 people were killed, and the site of the present-day Westfield Valencia Town Center was buried in muck. The disaster resulted in the end of the career of engineer William Mulholland.

After many attempts to form a city or a county, the four communities of Canyon Country, Newhall, Saugus, and Valencia finally joined to become the City of Santa Clarita at 4:30 PM on December 15, 1987.

Santa Clarita is located in the Santa Clarita Valley, a valley in northern Los Angeles County, just north of the San Fernando Valley and southwest of the Antelope Valley. The Santa Clara River runs east–west through the valley. Freeways Interstate 5 and State Route 14 also run across the valley. Six Flags Magic Mountain is located just west of Interstate 5, in Stevenson Ranch. Smaller hills also cross the valley. Hiking trails are common in the hills, including Central Park, Quigley Canyon, East Canyon, Rice Canyon, and Towsley Canyon.

Santa Clarita has a Mediterranean climate with warm and dry days throughout the year. This, along with the Chaparral ecosystem in the area, makes wildfires common in the summer.

Mission Hills, Los Angeles

Mission Hills is an urban residential community of the San Fernando Valley, within the city of Los Angeles, California.

It is near the northern junction of the Golden State Freeway (I-5) and the San Diego Freeway (I-405). The Ronald Reagan Freeway (SR-118) runs through it. Mission Hills is at the northern end of the long Sepulveda Boulevard. Other main roads are San Fernando Mission Boulevard, Woodman Avenue, and Rinaldi, Brand, Chatsworth, Devonshire, and Lassen Streets. The boundaries are roughly Sepulveda Blvd and Interstate 405 to the west, Interstate 5 to the north and east, Van Nuys Boulevard to the southeast, and Lassen Street to the south. The Granada Hills community lies to the west, Sylmar to the north, the city of San Fernando to the northeast, Pacoima to the east, Arleta to the southeast, and Panorama City to the south.

The community is named for the nearby Spanish Mission San Fernando Rey de España of 1784. The Andrés Pico Adobe, the second oldest residence still standing in Los Angeles, is there. The San Fernando Mission Cemetery, located a short distance away, is one of the oldest active cemeteries within the San Fernando Valley.

Shadow Hills, Los Angeles

Shadow Hills is a semi-rural neighborhood in northern Los Angeles, California, USA.

Lev Durov

Lev Konstantinovich Durov (, 23 December 1931 – 20 August 2015) was a Soviet-born Russian theatre and movie actor. He was born in Moscow. He began acting since 1955. He was a People's Artist of USSR.

Durov died on 20 August 2015 at the age of 83.


Joseph G. Hakobyan

Joseph G. Hakobyan (born 28 August 1931) is a Russian scientist. He is an expert on missiles development. He was the Deputy General of the Moscow Research Institute. 

Hakobyan was born in Saratov, Russia.


Lina Morgan

María de los Ángeles López Segovia (20 March 1937 – 20 August 2015), better known as Lina Morgan, was a Spanish actress and showgirl. She performed in movie, theatre, and television. She was known for her roles in "Hostal Royal Manzanares" (1996), "Una de dos" (1998) and "Academia de baile Gloria" (2001).

Suharno (footballer)

Suharno (1 October 1959 – 19 August 2015) was an Indonesian football coach. He has managed Arema Cronus since November 2013. He played 12 years as a footballer. He began his career in PS Banteng and is due to retire after three seasons playing for Niac Mitra. He began his coaching career in 1988 as player-assistant coach at Niac Mitra.

LGBT rights in Afghanistan

LGBT people living in Afghanistan face legal and social challenges. Being a homosexual, or cross-dressing (wearing clothes usually worn by the oppposite gender), are serious crimes in Afghan culture. The punishment for homosexuality has been death penalty since 2021 when the Taliban overthrew the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan and brang back the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan. In rural parts of the country, local villagers take the law into their own hands and punish people.

Even though both society and law try to stop homosexual activities, there is a form of bisexuality (sexual attraction to both sexes) within mainstream Afghan culture. Boys are kidnapped to act as sexual slaves for adult men. This often happens in a military where there is no access to women. It also happens when an adult man gives money or gifts to young boys in return for sexual activity. These acts are accepted because they are not seen as being an act of LGBT identity, but rather an act of male power and dominance. The boys are forced to be the "female" partner in the relationship. The boys involved are called "Bacha bazi" in Dari and there are many them in the big cities of Afghanistan. A law has been passed to stop Afghan male soldiers from having the boys they sexually abuse to live with them.

Military members generally do not have access to women, and often boys are kidnapped to be humiliated and raped by adult men. Other boys become prostitutes for adult men, regardless of their sexual orientation.

In 2007, reports stated that the practice of "bacha bareesh" (beardless boys) is still prevalent in parts of northern Afghanistan. This practice involves teenage boys being dressed in women's clothing and made to participate in dance competitions and engage in sexual acts.

Homosexuality is often associated with both sexual abuse and prostitution, a popular misconception that affects the laws made in the country.

Wang Dongxing

Wang Dongxing (1 January 1916 – 21 August 2015) was a Chinese communist politician. He was Mao Zedong's principal bodyguard during the Cultural Revolution. He served as Vice Chairman of the Communist Party of China from 1977 to 1980. He was born in Yiyang County, Jiangxi.

Wang died on 21 August 2015 in Beijing, aged 99.

Harry Volkman

Harry Volkman (April 18, 1926 – August 20, 2015) was an American meteorologist. He was the first weatherman to issue a tornado warning. He retired in 2004. He was born in Medford, Massachusetts. He won three Emmy Awards.

Volkman died from respiratory failure in Des Plaines, Illinois, aged 89.

Tony Amendola

Tony Amendola (born August 24, 1944) is an American actor. He is best known for playing the Jaffa master Bra'tac in "Stargate SG-1". Amendola is also known for his recurring role as revolutionary leader Edouard Kagame of Liber8 in the television show "Continuum".

Anger Management (movie)

Anger Management is a 2003 American slapstick comedy movie directed by Peter Segal. It was written by David S. Dorfman. It stars Adam Sandler, Jack Nicholson, Marisa Tomei, John Turturro, and Woody Harrelson. It was produced by Revolution Studios. It has cameo appearances of Rudy Giuliani, Bob Sheppard, and Derek Jeter. It was released to positive reviews on April 11, 2003.


Airbourne

Airbourne are an Australian hard rock band from Warrnambool, Victoria, Australia. Original members are Joel O'Keeffe, Ryan O'Keeffe, David Roads and Adam Jacobson, but Adam leaves the band in 2004 and was replaced by Justin Street. In 2004, the band release their first EP, called "Ready to Rock". Their first studio album was released in 2007 and is called "Runnin' Wild". This album have three singles: "Runnin' Wild", "Too Much, Too Young, Too Fast" and "Diamond in the Rough". In 2010, the band released their second studio album, called "No Guts. No Glory". The third studio album is called "Black Dog Barking" and was released in 2013.

Airbourne formed as a hard rock band in late 2003 in the Victorian country town of Warrnambool by Joel O'Keeffe (born c. 1985) and his younger brother Ryan (born c. 1986). Joel had played guitar since the age of 11 and Ryan got his first drum kit four years later also at the age of 11. Joel met David Roads (born c. 1983) when the two worked at the Hotel Warrnambool. The pair brought their guitars to work and, after their shifts, jammed on song ideas, Roads was asked to join the O’Keeffe brothers on rhythm guitar for rehearsals at their house. By late 2003, Adam Jacobson had joined on bass guitar, the group was named Airbourne and played regular gigs at the local Criterion Hotel.

In March 2004 the four-piece won a statewide band competition, Push-On, in Melbourne. Their early material was influenced by Australian rock bands AC/DC, The Angels, Billy Thorpe and Rose Tattoo. They recorded an eight-track extended play, "Ready to Rock", which appeared in July 2004 as an independent self-funded release. By that time Jacobson was replaced by Justin Street (born c. 1986) on bass guitar – Ryan had met Street while stumbling home drunk from a party one night. In early 2005, the band relocated to Melbourne and in August, they signed a five album record deal with Capitol Records. According to Joel, while the band were living in a shared house they threw a party, and during listening to aKrokus CD, "Rock the Block", a blown fuse resulted in a fire burning the back part of the house. The group have supported Mötley Crüe, Motörhead, Iron Maiden and The Rolling Stones, as well as performing at summer music festivals.

In 2006 Airbourne travelled to the United States to begin work on their first studio album, "Runnin' Wild", with producer Bob Marlette (Ozzy Osbourne, Alice Cooper)."Runnin' Wild" was released in Australia on 23 June 2007. Three singles were issued from the album, "Runnin' Wild" (May), "Too Much, Too Young, Too Fast" (June), a playable track on "Guitar Hero World Tour"; and "Diamond in the Rough". In February, Capitol Records had cancelled their contract with Airbourne, but the album was still issued in Australia through EMI. In June, the band signed with Roadrunner Records for international distribution.

The album peaked in the top 30 on the ARIA Albums Chart in Australia, top 40 on New Zealand's RIANZ Albums Chart and appeared on charts in Austria, Switzerland and France. During late 2007, the group toured the United States supporting Kid Rock and Korn. "Runnin' Wild" was issued in North America, Europe and Japan in January 2008, after which they relocated permanently to the US. The album reached the Top 100 on the UK Albums Chart and appeared on the "Billboard" 200. In September 2007, they issued a five-track live extended play, "Live at the Playroom".

In a September 2008 interview with MetalSucks, Joel discussed comparisons with AC/DC, "whoever you are when you come out, especially if you’re from Australia and you sound like we do, you’re going to get compared to anyone who is out there. It doesn’t matter who you are, you are going to get compared to somebody. To be compared to the best rock and roll band in the business, who are still going today and are about to release another album, there is no higher compliment..." In November at the Astoria in London, Dan Hawkins (Stone Gods/The Darkness) joined Airbourne on stage to play the AC/DC song, "Whole Lotta Rosie". Hawkins played Joel's guitar (white Gibson Explorer) while Joel sang without any guitar.

Roads confirmed that in January 2009, Airbourne would enter the studio to begin recording their second album, "No Guts. No Glory." In the 17 January issue of "Kerrang!" magazine, Joel revealed they had earlier written the tracks in the Criterion Hotel, "We're getting all our gear plugged in and getting set for Aussie pub rock written in an Aussie rock pub!"

The album was produced by Johnny K, mixed by Mike Fraser, and was released on 8 March 2010 in the UK, Europe, Canada, Japan, Australia and New Zealand, and in the U.S. on 20 April. "Born to Kill", was first played live at the Logan Campbell Centre, Auckland, New Zealand in October 2009. In January 2010, another new song, "No Way But the Hard Way", was played on the BBC Radio 1's "Rock Show". On 9 February it was available on iTunes, as the first single from the album. The album reached the top 20 on the ARIA Albums Chart, and top 20 on albums charts in Austria, New Zealand, Finland, Greece, Sweden and Switzerland. In the UK it peaked at No. 31, while on the US "Billboard" 200 it reached the top 100.

The Band went on a UK Tour supporting Iron Maiden on their Final Frontier World Tour from 20 July Starting at Glasgow SECC Arena ending at Cardiff Motorpoint Arena on 1 August 2011

It was announced in November 2011 through their official Facebook page that since mid-2011 the band had been working on a new album, and that updates were to follow soon. The album's name, "Black Dog Barking", was announced in early February 2013 on their Facebook page. It was released on 21 May 2013 via Roadrunner. The cover artwork was once again created by Australian artists "The Sharp Brothers", who also did the cover artwork for "No Guts. No Glory." According to David Roads, the idea behind the album title was, to use the Black Dog as a metaphor for the bands ability to break the rules, especially not to care for db limits. At the end of 2013 Airbourne toured Europe, supported - amongst others - by the Swedish band Corroded.

In November 2014, Joel O'Keeffe revealed the band was already writing songs for their next studio album.

In January 2015, The band revealed that they signed for a worldwide deal with Spinefarm Records.






Love?

Love? is the seventh studio album by American singer and entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It was released on April 29, 2011 by Island Records. It was the only album that Lopez released on that label. This was Lopez' third consecutive album to have all singles reach number one on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Songs. That made eleven number ones for her. Lopez also worked with many entertainers including Pitbull, Lil Wayne, Lady Gaga, and The-Dream.

The album's first single was "On the Floor". Pitbull sings on it. The song reached number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It reached number one on more than eighteen international charts.


!scope="row"|Middle East (IFPI)

Dance Again... the Hits

Dance Again... the Hits is the first greatest hits album by American singer and entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It was released on July 20, 2012. The album features the singles from all of Lopez' albums (including her ""). It was released by Epic Records, Lopez' original record label. The idea for Lopez to release a greatest hits began back in 2009. However she ended up releasing "Love?" in 2011 instead.

A.K.A. (album)

A.K.A. is the eighth studio album by American singer and entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It was released June 13, 2014 by Capitol Records. It features guest appearances from a wide range of rappers such as Nas, Iggy Azalea, French Montana, T.I. and Rick Ross. The album returns Lopez to her hip hop and R&B roots.

Baltasound

Baltasound is the largest settlement on the island of Unst in Shetland. Unst is the most northerly inhabited island in the United Kingdom. The village lies halfway along the island's east coast on a sheltered bay called Balta Sound.

Baltasound was formerly the most important herring port in Shetland, in 1902 its catch exceeded that of the Shetland capital Lerwick. The herring trade declined rapidly after 1905 but the physical remains of the herring boom remained long after.

Baltasound was the home of the noted Victorian botanist Thomas Edmondston, who was born at Buness House where his uncle, also called Thomas was the laird. A memorial stone erected outside the house by the elder Thomas Edmondston commemorates scientific studies undertaken there by the French physicist Jean-Baptiste Biot.

Baltasound can also lay claim to the most northerly "wood" in the British Isles, although it is not very substantial.

Baltasound is home to the most Northerly Met Office weather station in the United Kingdom. Despite its northerly location, Baltasound experiences a maritime climate, as with the rest of the British Isles, albeit a very pronounced one, with mild winters and particularly cool summers. It is generally cool and clammy throughout the year.

Baltasound holds the record for the highest temperature recorded in the Shetland Islands: on 2 July 1958. On the same day, the highest humidex for Baltasound of 34 was recorded. It also possibly holds the record for the lowest Shetland temperature: on 5 February 2001.

Sunshine hours are not available for this station, so the sunshine values provided are for the whole of Northern Scotland. The extreme northerly location combined with frequent overcast skies leads to very low levels of sunshine in the winter months, December averages less than 45 minutes of bright sunshine daily.

Baltasound is the snowiest low-lying area of the British isles, with an average of 64.7 days of snow falling per year.

Latin house

Latin house is a kind of dance music. It mixes together house music with Latin music like that of Spanish Mexican, Brazilian, Puerto Rican, Cuban, Dominican and Colombian origins. It started in the late 1980s in places like New York City and Chicago. It mixed together East Coast dance music with the sounds of Salsa, Latin jazz and Brazilian beats. DJ groups like Raze began making house music with Spanish lyrics. Nervous Records, an underground house music and hip hop record label, produced a number of Latin house releases by different artists. As it grew in popularity it began to be recognized as a genre.

Straight Outta Compton (movie)

Straight Outta Compton is a 2015 American biographical movie. It was directed by F. Gary Gray and it was produced by Ice Cube, Tomica Woods-Wright, Matt Alvarez, F. Gary Gray, Scott Bernstein, and Dr. Dre. "Straight Outta Compton" was released on August 14, 2015. The movie is about the Compton hip hop group N.W.A and it follows the group through their rise and fall.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 89% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Richard Roeper of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the movie 3.5 stars out of 4 and called it "one of the better musical biopics of the last 20 years." Roeper said that the movie was "enthralling" and "energized" and he praised the cast for delivering "strong, memorable work that transcends mere imitation."


So Close (album)

So Close is the first album by British singer-songwriter Dina Carroll. It was released in January 1993 on the A&M label. It entered the charts at #2. The album eventually sold 1.5 million copies in the UK. So Close won the Mercury Prize as Album of the Year in 1996.


Arranged By [Strings] – Nigel Lowis (tracks: 3 9) 
Design – Jeremy Pearce 
Drum Programming – CJ Mackintosh (tracks: 4, 6 to 8), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 3 10) 
Engineer, Producer [Additional Production] – Steve Boyer (tracks: 3, 8) 
Guitar – Nigel Lowis (tracks: 4 6 7) 
Keyboards – Nigel Lowis (tracks: 3 4 6 7 10) 
Leader [Strings] – David Nadien (tracks: 3, 8) 
Mixed By – CJ Mackintosh (tracks: 2 4 6 7 9), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 2, 4 to 7, 9, 10) 
Mixed By [Assistant] – Howie B. (tracks: 6 7 9), Niall Flynn (tracks: 4, 7, 10, 11) 
Performer [All Instruments] – CJ Mackintosh (tracks: 2 9), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 2 5 9) 
Photography By – Simon Fowler (2) 
Producer – CJ Mackintosh (tracks: 2 9), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 2 to 12) 
Saxophone – Jimmy Gallagher (tracks: 2 9) 
Written-By – Dina Carroll (tracks: 2 to 9), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 2 to 9)

<br>

Only Human

Only Human is the second album by British singer-songwriter Dina Carroll. It was released in 1996 on the Mercury label. As of 2015, it was her last studio album.


Arranged By [Horns] – Nick Ingman (tracks: 3 4 6) 
Arranged By [Strings] – Nick Ingman (tracks: 2 3 4 5 6 12) 
Artwork By – Area 
Backing Vocals – Dina Carroll (tracks: 2, 3, 6 to 10, 12), Ivor Reid (tracks: 6 8), Lance Ellington (tracks: 1 4 5), Marc Reid (tracks: 6 8), Miriam Stockley (tracks: 1 4 5) 
Conductor [Horns] – Nick Ingman (tracks: 3 6) 
Conductor [Strings] – Nick Ingman (tracks: 2 3 5 6 12) 
Engineer – Ren Swan (tracks: 3 6 8 11 12), Rich Lowe (tracks: 1, 2 to 5, 7 to 10) 
Engineer [Assistant] – Andrew Godwin (tracks: 1 to 5, 7 to 10), Tim Wills (tracks: 1, 3 to 8, 10 to 12) 
Guitar – Hugh Burns (tracks: 1 5), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 3 4 9 10) 
Keyboards – Graham Plato (tracks: 3 9 10), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 1 2 4 5 7 8) 
Leader [Strings] – Gavin Wright (tracks: 2 3 5 6 12) 
Mixed By – Bob Clearmountain (tracks: 1 5), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 2 to 4, 6, 8 to 12), Ren Swan (tracks: 3 4 9 10), Rich Lowe (tracks: 8 12) 
Photography – Simon Fowler 
Piano [Grand Piano] – Peter Oxendale (tracks: 5 11 12) 
Producer – Nigel Lowis 
Programmed By – Graham Plato (tracks: 1 to 5, 7 to 10, 11) 
Saxophone – Jimmy Gallagher (tracks: 3 6) 
Strings – London Session Orchestra (tracks: 2 3 5 6 12)

The Female Boss

The Female Boss is the debut studio album by English singer and songwriter Tulisa. It was released on 3 December 2012 via All Around the World and Island Records. The first single "Young" reached number one on the UK charts but the album did not meet the same and received bad reviews.


Grime (music)

Grime is a genre of electronic music that first began in London in the early 2000s. The genre evolved out of UK garage and is influenced by drum and bass, dancehall, ragga, and hip hop. Grime music is generally produced around 137-143 beats per minute, with its aggressive, jagged electronic sound. Rapping is also an important part of grime. 

Pirate radios (illegal radio stations) were important in the early days of grime, as they were the only places that would play the genre before it was able to gain mainstream attention in the UK during the mid-2000s. Early important musicians would be Dizzee Rascal, Kano, Lethal Bizzle, and Wiley. Other important musicians include; P Money, Ghetts, Jme, Skepta, Stormzy and grime groups such as Boy Better Know, Newham Generals, Roll Deep, and Ruff Sqwad. In the mid-2010s, grime started to gain attention in Australia. The genre has been described as the "most significant musical development within the UK for decades".

Grime began in the early 2000s in London. Early pirate radio stations (illegal radio stations) helped spread grime, such as Rinse FM, Deja Vu FM, Major FM, Freeze 92.7 and Raw Mission. The illegal radio stations were the first to play and promote grime music. At the time, grime did not have a standard name, with many different names being used instead, such as 8-bar, nu shape, sublow, and eskibeat. These names were used to describe a new sound that was developing out of UK garage, drifting away from its house music influences and instead drifting towards darker themes and sounds.

Among the first songs to be called "grime" were "Eskimo", "Ice Rink", and "Igloo" by Wiley, "Pulse X" by Musical Mob, and "Creeper" by Danny Weed.

"Grime" was named by journalists who originally defined the genre as "grimy", due to its gritty and dark sound, which subsequently became "grime".

Dizzee Rascal, Wiley, Kano, and Lethal Bizzle were among the first grime musicians to gain mainstream media attention in 2003-2004. Their albums "Boy in da Corner", "Treddin' on Thin Ice", "Home Sweet Home", and "Against All Oddz" were the first to gain popularity. Dizzee Rascal gained a lot of acclaim and commercial success with his album "Boy in da Corner." In 2003, Dizzee Rascal was able to win the Mercury Music Prize because of the album. However, many other grime musicians were not able to gain mainstream popularity. To help advertise lesser-known musicians, Jammer (from the group Boy Better Know) created "Lord of the Mics" in 2004. "Lord of the MIcs" was a yearly DVD series, which provided a platform for lesser-known musicians to promote themselves. The musicians on "Lord of the Mics" showcased their talents by competing in battle raps (also called "clashing"). The DVD also contained interviews with grime musicians. The DVD was at first sold by Jammer himself, but he was later able to sell it via ukrecordshop.com which helped the DVD rise in popularity. The DVD helped many lesser-known grime artists gain popularity, and also helped grime gain a fanbase on the internet. Before the DVD, many grime artists only gained fans by performing live in pirate radio (illegal radio stations).

The 2005 release of 679 Recordings' "Run the Road" compilation, showcased some of the most popular grime releases to that point, increasing the popularity and fame of grime and grime artists internationally. A particularly notable grime artist who has had success overseas is Lady Sovereign, who reached #1 on MTV's TRL, appeared on "Late Show with David Letterman", and is now signed to Jay-Z's Roc-A-Fella Records.


Studio City, Los Angeles

Studio City is a neighborhood in the city of Los Angeles, California, in the San Fernando Valley. It is named after the studio lot that was established in the area by film producer Mack Sennett in 1927, now known as CBS Studio Center.

Almost half of Studio City residents aged 25 and older (49.4%) had earned a four-year degree by 2000, a high percentage for both the city and the county. The percentages of those residents with a master's degree was also high for the county.

Schools within the Studio City boundaries are:



Dancehall

Dancehall is a genre of Jamaican popular music. It started in the late 1970s. It is a mixture of reggae, hip hop, and R&B.

Tarzana, Los Angeles

Tarzana is a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California. It is a mostly residential community. It is the site of a former ranch owned by author Edgar Rice Burroughs. It is named after Burroughs' storybook jungle character hero, Tarzan.

No Me Ames

"No Me Ames" (English: "Don't Love Me") is a song by Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony. It is a Spanish cover of an Italian song called "Non Amarmi".

The credits are adapted from the "On the 6" liner notes.


Waiting for Tonight

"Waiting for Tonight" is a song by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It is from her first album, "On the 6". The song was released in 1999. It is a cover of a song that was originally recorded by a girl group called 3rd Party in 1997. Critics liked Lopez' version because it was more of a house version than Eurodance.

The song reached the top ten in several countries worldwide, including number eight on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The music video for "Waiting for Tonight" features a futuristic, Y2K theme.










Credits adapted from the liner notes of "On the 6".



Feelin' So Good

"Feelin' So Good" is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It was for her debut studio album "On the 6". It has rappers Fat Joe and Big Pun. It is a hip hop and R&B song. It is mainly about enjoying life.










Granada Hills, Los Angeles

Granada Hills, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California in the San Fernando Valley. It is at the foothills of the Santa Susana Mountains. This is north of the North Hills, Northridge, west of Mission Hills and Sylmar, and east of the Porter Ranch neighborhoods.


West Hills, Los Angeles

West Hills, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. The percentage of residents aged 35 and older is among the highest in Los Angeles County.



Arleta, Los Angeles

Arleta, Los Angeles is a neighborhood in Los Angeles, California.


Christian Louboutin

Christian Louboutin (; born 7 January 1963) is a French footwear designer. His signature is the red soles on the shoes he designs.

Louboutin's shoes were named the "Most Prestigious Women's Shoes" in 2007, 2008, and 2009. In 2011, Louboutin became the most searched-for shoe brand online.

Time in Chile

The official Time in Chile is actually defined and divided into 3 time zones: 


Toluca Lake, Los Angeles

Toluca Lake is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California located in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles County, California, 12 miles (19 km) northwest of Downtown. The name is also given to a private natural lake fed by the Los Angeles River and maintained by neighboring property owners.

The history of Toluca Lake can be traced to the days of the Tongva Indians, followed by Spanish colonization and Mexican independence. Toluca Lake was part of the early rancho system. The original Toluca Lake was divided, with the neighborhood being known as Forman Toluca Ranch. In 1923, investors bought and developed the land as "Toluca Lake Park".

Like many City of Los Angeles neighborhoods, Toluca Lake has a central business district and mail can be addressed to either "Toluca Lake, CA 91602" or "Los Angeles, CA 91602."

The neighborhood has a distinguished history of notable residents. Ronald and Nancy Reagan held their wedding reception in Toluca Lake. More recently, it has been the home of famous entertainers such as Miley Cyrus, Viola Davis, and Melissa McCarthy.


Winnetka, Los Angeles

Winnetka, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.

Canoga Park, Los Angeles

Canoga Park, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.


Sir Kay

In stories about King Arthur, Sir Kay is Sir Ector's son and King Arthur's foster brother. He later becomes Arthur's seneschal, and one of the first Knights of the Round Table. 

Along with Bedivere, Kay is one of the earliest people linked with Arthur.

Heterosociality

Heterosociality is a term used in sociology. It refers to social relationships between persons of the opposite sex. It is the opposite of homosociality. Heterosocial interactions, or social interactions with peers of the opposite sex, may serve a number of developmental functions during adolescence. These can include intimacy, friendship, and include sexual experimentation and activity.


Annual average daily traffic

Annual average daily traffic, abbreviated AADT, is a measure used primarily in transportation planning and transportation engineering. Traditionally, it is the total volume of vehicle traffic of a highway or road for a year divided by 365 days. AADT is a useful and simple measurement of how busy the road is. Newer advances from traffic data providers are now providing AADT by side of the road, by day of week and by time of day.

Average summer daily traffic (abbreviated to "ASDT") is a similar measure to the annual average daily traffic.


Air draft

Air draft (or air draught) is the distance from the surface of the water to the highest point on a vessel (a ship or boat).

St. Elmo's fire

St. Elmo's fire (also called St. Elmo's light) is a weather event in which bright, glowing, ball of light is seen near pointed objects, like the mast of a ship. It is plasma made by a coronal discharge from a sharp or pointed object in a strong electric field in the air. These fields could be created by thunderstorms or a volcanic eruption.

St. Elmo's fire is named after St. Erasmus of Formia. Elmo (and Erasmo) is the Italian name for St. Erasmus, the patron saint of sailors. The fire sometimes was seen on ships at sea during thunderstorms. Sailors believed the glowing ball of light may have been a religious event, and named it after St. Elmo. Electricity in the air can change compass readings, so some sailors may have seen the fire as a sign of bad luck and stormy weather. Other references claim that sailors may have thought of St. Elmo's fire as a good sign, showing that their patron saint was with them.

Arthur Morris

Arthur Robert Morris MBE (19 January 1922 – 22 August 2015) was an Australian cricketer. He played 46 Test matches between 1946 and 1955. An opener, Morris was thought to be as one of Australia's greatest left-handed batsmen. He was best known for his key role in Don Bradman's "Invincibles".

Morris died on 22 August 2015 at the age of 93.

Gerry Steinberg

Gerald Neil "Gerry" Steinberg (20 April 1945 – 21 August 2015) was a Labour Party politician. He was Member of Parliament for the City of Durham from 1987 until his retirement in 2005.

Steinberg was born in Durham. He died on 21 August 2015 after a long illness, aged 70.

Anna Kashfi

Anna Kashfi (born Joan O'Callaghan; September 30, 1934 – August 21, 2015) was a British-Indian movie actress. She had a brief Hollywood career in the 1950s. She was best known for having been married to Marlon Brando. Her first movie was "The Mountain" (1956). 

Kashfi died on August 21, 2015 in Kalama, Washington, aged 80.


Ieng Thirith

Ieng Thirith (née Khieu; ; 10 March 1932 – 22 August 2015) was an important Cambodian figure and political criminal in the Khmer Rouge, but was neither a member of the Khmer Rouge Standing Committee nor of the Central Committee. 

Thirith was the widow of Ieng Sary, who was minister of foreign affairs of Democratic Kampuchea's Khmer Rouge regime. She served as Minister of Social Affairs from October 1975 until the fall of the Khmer Rouge in 1979. 

She was arrested & charged by the Extraordinary Chamber in the Courts of Cambodia (ECCC) in November 2007 with her husband, Ieng Sary, on suspicion of genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity. She was sentenced to house arrest. Her sentence was lifted in 2012 due to mental health.

Thirith died from complications of Alzheimer's disease in Pailin at the age of 83.


Brewster, New York

Brewster is a village within the town of Southeast, New York in Putnam County, United States. Its population was 2,508 in 2020. The village is the most densely populated portion of the town. The village is named for two early farmers, Walter and James Brewster.

American Academy of Dramatic Arts

The American Academy of Dramatic Arts (AADA) is a two-year performing arts school. It has two locations. The first is at 120 Madison Avenue, Manhattan, New York City. The second is at 1336 North La Brea Avenue, Hollywood, California. AADA is the oldest acting school in the English-speaking world. The 2015 tuition is $30,650. About 81% of those who apply are accepted. AADA is a private non-profit institution.

The academy in New York City was founded in 1884. Its purpose was to train actors for the stage. The landmark building was designed by noted architect Stanford White as the original Colony Club. In 1974, the academy opened another campus in Pasadena, California. This made AADA the only professional actor training school in both major theatrical centers in the US. The Los Angeles campus moved from Pasadena to Hollywood in 2001.

The academy remains dedicated to training professional actors. It offers a two-year program. Students have to be invited back for the second year. Auditions are held at the end of the second year for the third year company. As well as training for the theatre, it now offers courses in the movies and television. Students who graduate in New York receive an Associate of Occupational Studies degree. Students who graduate in Hollywood receive a Certificate of Completion or an Associate of Arts degree in acting. Students from New York and Los Angeles can get a Bachelor of Arts degree from selected universities.

Notable alumni include:



Soundtrack

A soundtrack, also written sound track, can be recorded music that is synchronized to the images of a motion picture. Soundtracks can also be part of a book, television program, radio program or video game. A commercially released soundtrack album can be of music from a film or TV show. The term can also mean the physical area of photographic film that contains the synchronized recorded sound.

In 1896 when people saw the first motion picture someone played music to go along with it. This was the era of the silent movie meaning only that the actors did not speak. A musician played different music to show drama, the character types and the storyline. There was music to introduce war, indians, cowboys and other types to the scenes. There was special music to introduce the hero. Even the villain had his own musical pieces to identify him. Finally, in 1927 moviemakers figured out how to include a soundtrack on the film. The movie "The Jazz Singer" was the first musical where the audience could hear Al Jolson perform.

<br>

Fear of Flying (album)

Fear of Flying is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Mýa, released April 25, 2000 on Interscope Records. It features the hit single "Case of the Ex."




Liberation (Mýa album)

Liberation is the fourth studio album by Mýa. It was going to be her first release with her then new record label Universal Motown. Before moving to Universal, she had begun work on an album for her previous label, Interscope, called "Control Freak". and was originally going to be released in summer 2005. It was later renamed to "Liberation".

The album was released only in Japan. It was released only as a downloadable album. The album features rappers Snoop Dogg and Lil Wayne.


Sugar &amp; Spice (Mýa album)

Sugar & Spice is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Mýa. It was her first studio album to be released by Manhattan Recordings. It was released on December 3, 2008, after she left Universal Motown in early 2008. The album has a cover of the reggae song "Shy Guy" by Diana King.


Jentina

Jentina Rose Rees (née Chapman) (born 6 March 1984 in Woking, England) known simply as Jentina, is an English rapper, singer, songwriter and model. She also is of Romani people descent.

Jentina got her first record deal at the age of nineteen. She was working in a computer shop at the time. She then came to fame in 2004 with her first single "Bad Ass Strippa". It was a rap song that sampled "For the Love of Money" by R&B group the O'Jays. It reached number twenty two in the UK. Her follow up single "French Kisses" was more R&B than hip hop sounding and reached number twenty. Her third single "Mysterious" didn't chart in the UK and was only released in Italy. Her album "Jentina" was released in Italy in 2005. "Bad Ass Strippa" was later sampled and turned into a diss song by fellow female rapper Lady Sovereign called "Sad Arse Stripah".

Apart from being a musician, Jentina was also a model. In November 2007, she modeled for the underwear brand Wonderbra. She was also featured in a jokey video of the chocolate bar Cadbury's "Gorilla" advert where a gorilla played the drums to a Phil Collins song called "In The Air Tonight".

Jentina was born to a Romani family that consisted of fourteen children. When she was one year old, her family moved to West Molesey, Surrey. 

In 2011, Jentina was on the judging panel for "Travellers Got Talent". She also appeared in the eight-part documentary "A Gypsy Life For Me" which aired on in November 2011. 

Jentina is married and has three children. They live in London.

 - Released in the United Kingdom only.

George Rosenkranz

George Rosenkranz (born "György Rosenkranz"; 20 August 1916 – 23 June 2019) was a Hungarian-born Mexican scientist in the field of steroid chemistry. He used native Mexican plant sources as raw materials. He was born in Hungary, studied in Switzerland and emigrated to the Americas to escape the Nazis, eventually settling in Mexico.

Rosenkranz died on 23 June 2019 in Atherton, California, United States. He was 102.

Louie (TV series)

Louie is a comedy-drama on the FX network that began in 2010. It is written, directed and produced by the stand-up comedian, Louis C.K.. He also plays in the show as the main character who has two children in New York City. The show is often seen as being very well-done and popular. Louis C.K. has also won Primetime Emmy Awards for his work on the show.


IRT Lexington Avenue Line

The IRT Lexington Avenue Line is one of the lines of the New York City Subway. It is the most often used line on the system, with 1.3 million people using it every day. It opened in 1904, and its service bullets are colored apple green. There are four services:


IRT Flushing Line

The IRT Flushing Line is a line of the New York City Subway. Services on it are colored purple. There is only one service on this line:

Vista, California

Vista (Spanish: "View") is a city in northern San Diego County, California, United States. As of 2020, the city has a population of 98,381 people. It was incorporated (became a self-governing entities under state laws) on January 28, 1963. The city is seven miles away from the Pacific Ocean. In 2008, Vista was called the seventh-best place to live in the United States because of its job opportunities, education, climate and cost of living.


Palomar College

Palomar College is a community college that is in San Diego County, California, United States. The main campus is in San Marcos, and the others are in Escondido, Camp Pendleton, Mt. Carmel High School, Fallbrook High School, Pauma Indian Reservation and at Ramona High School.

A proposal in 2006 allowed millions of dollars to be given to the school from the state of California. There are currently 26,606 students at the college (2014).

Palomar College has more than 250 associate's degree and certificate programs, and also offers students transfer programs, which would allow them to go to different four-year universities.

Below is a list of the programs that are being offered at the college



Cal State San Marcos (NCTD station)

The Cal State San Marcos station is a Sprinter light rail line that is served by North County Transit District. It is next to California State University San Marcos.

Map of the station on Google Maps

Jentina (album)

Jentina is the self-titled debut studio album by English rapper Jentina, it was released by Virgin on September 9, 2005 in Italy. As of 2015 it is her only album that she has ever released, it features "Bad Ass Strippa" and "French Kisses" both which reached the top 30 in the UK and "Mysterious" which was only released in Italy.



Winter Gardens, California

Winter Gardens is a census-designated place in San Diego County, California, United States. The population was 22,380 in 2020. The United States Census Bureau says that the CDP has a total area of 4.4 square miles.

French Kisses

"French Kisses" is the second single by English rapper Jentina. It was released in 2004. It was the last song by Jentina to chart. It is also the last song by her to be released in the United Kingdom. The song reached number 20 in the UK. It ranked two places higher than her first song, "Bad Ass Strippa". It is different to "Bad Ass Strippa" as it is more of a R&B song and has less of a hip hop influence.




Ain't It Funny (Murder Remix)

"Ain't It Funny (Murder Remix)" is a song by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez. The song, a remix of "Ain't It Funny", features additional vocals from Ja Rule (Jeffery Atkins) and Cadillac Tah as well as backing vocals from fellow R&B singer Ashanti. The song is about a relationship where a man plays around and cheats on a woman.

I'm Real (Jennifer Lopez song)

"I'm Real" is a song by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez from her second album "J.Lo". It is an electropop and R&B song. It samples the 1978 song "Firecracker" by Yellow Magic Orchestra. Fellow singer Mariah Carey was going to use this sample for her single "Loverboy", but "I'm Real" was released first.

The song was later released as a remix featuring rapper Ja Rule, called "I'm Real (Murder Remix)". It reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and the top ten in the UK and Canada.
"I'm Real (Murder Remix)" is a remix of "I'm Real" featuring rapper Ja Rule. It is featured on the "J.Lo" album and her first remix album, "". The song samples "All Night Long" by R&B girl group The Mary Jane Girls and "Mary Jane" by R&B singer Rick James. It is different from the original version because it is slower and has a more hip hop-sounding style. The song also got some bad press with Lopez saying the word "niggas" doing the third verse.


Blurred Lines

Blurred Lines is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Robin Thicke. It was released on July 12, 2013. It features the hit single, "Blurred Lines", the album's title track.

This Used to Be My Playground

"This Used to Be My Playground" is a soft rock ballad from American singer Madonna. The song is about memories of childhood dreams. The song was featured in the credits of the movie "A League of Their Own" in 1992. It is, however, not on the soundtrack album. 

The song spent one week at #1 on "Billboard" Hot 100 in summer 1992.

The longest version of the song is just over six minutes in length.

Exclusive (album)

Exclusive is the second studio album by American recording artist Chris Brown. It was released on November 6, 2007, by his own record label CBE, with Jive Records. In 2008 the album was re-released under the name "Exclusive: The Forever Edition". Much like his first album "Chris Brown" released in 2005, the album features a hip hop and R&B sound and features a wide range of guest appearances from different acts from the hip hop and R&B world like T-Pain, Keri Hilson, will.i.am, Lil Wayne and Big Boi.



Chris Brown On Tour (Documentary)<br>
Completing the "Forever Edition" package is a bonus DVD with a special montage of performances from his recent Up-Close & Personal sold-out tour and never before seen behind the scenes footage. Being a guest of the Keyshia Cole Just like You sold-out tour.



There are two versions of the Forever Edition, one with the DVD and one without. These are sold separately. In UK, only the CD edition is available. However, in many countries (e.g. Germany, Australia) both editions are available.

"Confirmed by Wal-Mart."


Graffiti (album)

Graffiti is the third studio album by American recording artist Chris Brown. It was released on December 7, 2009 by CBE and Jive Records. It is his first album after being arrested for beating up his ex-girlfriend Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna earlier in 2009.

F.A.M.E. (album)

F.A.M.E. is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Chris Brown, first released on March 18, 2011 by CBE Jive Records. It was his last album to be released by Jive as the label closed down later on that year.

Notes

Sample credits

Credits for "F.A.M.E." adapted from Allmusic.


Fortune (album)

Fortune is the fifth studio album by American recording artist, Chris Brown, released on June 29, 2012. The album is Brown's first release through RCA Records, following the closure of Jive Records in October 2011.


Credits for "Fortune" adapted from Allmusic.


Hard Core (Lil' Kim album)

Hard Core is the debut studio album by American rapper Lil' Kim. It was released on November 12, 1996 by Undeas Recordings and Big Beat Records.



Italian Sign Language

Italian Sign Language (Italian: "Lingua dei Segni Italiana", LIS) is the sign language of the Italian deaf (3,525,000).

British Sign Language

British Sign Language (English: "British Sign Language", BSL) is the sign language of the British deaf (3,525,000.

The language makes use of space and involves movement of the hands, body, face and head.

French Sign Language

French Sign Language (, LSF) is a sign language for deaf people. It is used in France. There are approximately 3,506,800 people living in France who are deaf. LSF differs from American Sign Language (ASL) although there are many common signs.

Sign languages have existed in many places in the past. They came about naturally with deaf people and their relatives. But sign languages have existed among hearing peoples also. They were used by hunters to silently communicate around game animals. Native American peoples had a sign language that could be understood by Native Americans speaking as many as 40 different languages. Christian monks used sign language while living under code of silence. Factory workers and others in extremely noisy places use sign languages. 

Charles-Michel de l'Épée is considered the father of sign language. In 1771 he started the first free school for the deaf in Paris. He took in deaf students from many different places. Some came from Martha's Vineyard in the United States. There was a good deal of hereditary deafness there and the residents adopted their own sign language. Many came who used a local sign language. L'Épée combined all these into a standard sign language. His sign language eventually developed into the French Sign Language and is widely used all over Europe.

Resplendent quetzal

The resplendent quetzal ("Pharomachrus mocinno") is a bird from Central America. It is well known for its colorful plumage.

It plays an important role in Mesoamerican mythology. The resplendent quetzal is the national bird of Guatemala. It is represented on the country's flag and coat of arms. It is also the name of its local currency.

California condor

The California condor ("Gymnogyps californianus"), is a New World vulture, the largest North American land bird. It became extinct in the wild in 1987 (all remaining wild individuals were captured), but has been reintroduced to northern Arizona and southern Utah (including the Grand Canyon area and Zion National Park), the coastal mountains of central and southern California, and northern Baja California. It is the only surviving member of its genus.

In 1970 there were only a few dozen left. In 1987 there were only 10 left. Currently there are 400 individuals, with about 200 left in the wild and the others in captive breeding.

Jörg Schneider

Jörg Schneider (7 February 1935 – 22 August 2015) was a Swiss stage and movie actor. He usually starred in Swiss German language cinema and television and stage productions. He was known for his "Kasperle", "Pumuckl" and fairytale-radio plays records and adapted plays for the Swiss German language.

Schneider died in Wetzikon from cancer, aged 80.


Merl Reagle

Merl Reagle (January 5, 1950 – August 22, 2015) was an American crossword constructor. He was best known for his family-friendly themes.

For 30 years, he constructed a puzzle every Sunday for the "San Francisco Chronicle" (originally the "San Francisco Examiner"), which he syndicated to more than 50 Sunday newspapers, including the "Washington Post", the "Los Angeles Times", the "Philadelphia Inquirer", the "Seattle Times", "The Plain Dealer", the "Hartford Courant", the "New York Observer", and the "Arizona Daily Star".

Reagle died August 22, 2015, after being hospitalized two days earlier for acute pancreatitis in Tampa, Florida, aged 65.


Mariem Hassan

Mariem Hassan (‎; 1958 – 22 August 2015), was a Sahrawi singer and lyricist from Western Sahara. She usually sang in Hassaniyya, an Arabic dialect spoken mostly in Western Sahara and Mauritania.

Hassan died of bone cancer in a Sahrawi refugee camp in Tindouf, Algeria on 22 August 2015.


Erhard Eppler

Erhard Eppler (9 December 1926 – 19 October 2019) was a German Social Democratic politician. He was the founder of the GTZ. During most years between 1970 and 1991 Eppler belonged to the SPD's National Executive Committee. He also chaired an SPD commission on tax reform, and a commission for formulating the party's basic values.

Palm-nut vulture

The palm-nut vulture ("Gypohierax angolensis") is a bird found throughout most of Africa. It feeds mainly on the fruit of the oil palm. Like many African vultures, it is quite approachable and can be seen near habitation.

White-tailed eagle

The white-tailed eagle ("Haliaeetus albicilla") — also called the sea eagle, erne, and white-tailed sea-eagle — is a large bird of prey. 

It is in the family Accipitridae, which includes other raptors, such as hawks and kites. It is a close cousin of the bald eagle, but it lives in Eurasia.

The white-tailed eagle is a very large bird. It measures in length with a wingspan. The wingspan averages about 7 feet. This is the largest of any eagle.

German Sign Language

German Sign Language (german: "Deutsche Gebärdensprache", DGS) is the sign language of the germans deaf (8,000,000).

La Bella Mafia

La Bella Mafia is the third studio album by rapper Lil' Kim, released March 4, 2003, on Atlantic Records. It was her third album to be certified platinum.




Dance Remixes

Dance Remixes is the first remix album by American rapper Lil' Kim. It was released on June 6, 2006 by Atlantic Records. The album has dance remixes of the two singles "Lighters Up" and "Whoa" from Kim's fourth studio album "The Naked Truth" (2005). It also has two remixes of "Big Momma Thang" and a remix of "Queen Bitch" from Kim's debut album "Hard Core" (1996).

The official track listing for the album.

Ms. G.O.A.T.

Ms. G.O.A.T., is the first mixtape by American rapper Lil' Kim. It was released June 3, 2008 independently by Kim's own record label Queen Bee Entertainment. Lil Kim had never made a mix tape before, and in an MTV interview, she stated "I always wanted to do a mixtape... I used to see how 50 (Cent) used to do it so hard... Damn, it’s not a lot of girls doing it.". "Ms. G.O.A.T." was her first own published release. The album features some new songs as well as remixes of several songs like Britney Spears' "Gimme More" and Alicia Keys' "No One".

Black Friday (Lil' Kim mixtape)

Black Friday is the second mixtape by American rapper Lil' Kim, released on February 14, 2011. The mixtape is a parody of fellow female rapper Nicki Minajs 2010 album "Pink Friday" in which Minaj takes shots at Kim on several songs such as "Roman's Revenge" and "Did it On 'Em". Kim's artwork features a picture of Kim with a sword that had just been used to behead Minaj. The title track also is a diss song aimed at Minaj as Kim imitates Minaj talking about Kim on her song "Roman's Revenge" in an interview. The album also includes vocals from Minaj and R&B singers Rihanna and Keri Hilson.

LGBT rights in the United Kingdom

Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights in the United Kingdom have improved a lot in recent years. In 2005, civil partnerships for same sex couples was legalised across the UK. In 2014, same sex marriage was legalised in England, Scotland and Wales. Gay people cannot get married in Northern Ireland because the Northern Ireland assembly voted against legalising it.

Sex between two men was illegal in the UK until 1967, but no law was ever made regarding lesbian sexual activity. In 1967, sex between men was partially decriminalized in England and Wales. It was made legal for men over 21 years' old in 1967, with some very serious restrictions, legal for men over 18 in 1994, and equalized with the heterosexual age of consent in 2002. The bill in 2000 also introduced a lesbian age of consent for the first time too. In Scotland it was legalised in 1981 and in Northern Ireland it was legalized in 1982. However, the UK Parliament legislated for same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland, which is expected to come into force on or before 13 January 2020.

Hard Core 2

Hard Core 2 (also known as Hard Core 2K14 and Hard Core) is the third mixtape by American rapper Lil' Kim; it was released independently by Kim on her International Rock Star (I.R.S.) label; which was originally called "Queen Bee Entertainment" before the release of 2011's "Black Friday mixtape." It is the first mixtape that Kim released after giving birth to her daughter Royal Reign on 9 June 2014.

The name of the mixtape pays homage to Kim's debut album "Hard Core" which was released in 1996.

The mixtape also includes two songs that are diss tracks aimed at Nicki Minaj; a reggae type song called "Dead Gal Walking" and a hip hop and R&B sounding song called "Identity Theft".

Diamonds (song)

"Diamonds" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her seventh album, "Unapologetic". It was the first song off of the album. It was Rihanna's twelfth number one single on the "Billboard Hot 100" chart.

Several rappers have rapped or made a remix to the song. They include Kanye West, Flo Rida and Eve.



Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Unapologetic".


UK garage

UK garage (sometimes shortened to UKG and simply Garage) is a genre of electronic music originating from England in the early 1990s. It is made up of elements from Garage house, R&B, drum & bass, dance, reggae and hip hop music. It was very popular during the beginning of the 21st Century with teenagers and young adults listening to it. Some of its most popular musicians to perform UK garage are Mis-Teeq, Sweet Female Attitude, So Solid Crew, Shola Ama, Tinie Tempah, DJ Pied Piper, Craig David and Daniel Bedingfield. It is also a genre that blends with grime.

Sweet Female Attitude

Sweet Female Attitude was a UK garage and R&B girl group, consisting of Leanne Brown and Catherine Cassidy, who are considered a one-hit wonder in the United Kingdom. The group's debut single "Flowers" was an instant hit and reached number two on the UK charts. Their follow up single "8 Days a Week" didn't reach the same success as "Flowers" and missed the top 40 and peaked at 43 on the charts. Their album "In Person" was only released in Germany.


Once Upon a Time in Mexico

Once Upon a Time in Mexico (known also as Desperado 2) is a 2003 American action movie. It was directed by Robert Rodriguez and it was produced by Robert Rodriguez, Elizabeth Avellán, and Carlos Gallardo. "Once Upon a Time in Mexico" was released on September 12, 2003. It is the sequel to "El Mariachi" and "Desperado". It is also the third and final movie in Rodriguez's "Mexico" Trilogy.

The movie got positive reviews from critics but was criticized for having a plot that was hard to follow. It has a 68% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the movie 3 stars out of 4 and said that "Like Leone's movie, the Rodriguez epic is more interested in the moment, in great shots, in surprises and ironic reversals and closeups of sweaty faces, than in a coherent story."



Dorothy Kilgallen

Dorothy Mae Kilgallen (July 3, 1913 – November 8, 1965) was an American journalist and television game show panelist. She started as a reporter for Hearst Corporation's "New York Evening Journal". In 1938, she began her newspaper column. It was later syndicated for more than 146 papers. Kilgallen was also a regular panelist on the television game show "What's My Line" in 1950.

Kilgallen's columns had mostly gossip and news about show business. There was also news about organized crime and politics. 

Kilgallen was born in Chicago, Illinois. She died at age fifty-two in Manhattan, New York from a mix of alcohol and barbiturates.

Martin Ritt

Martin Ritt (March 2, 1914 – December 8, 1990) was an American movie director and actor. He worked in both movies and theater. He directed many movies including "The Long, Hot Summer" (1958), "Norma Rae" (1979) and "Stanley & Iris" (1990).

Ritt was born in New York City. He died from heart disease in Santa Monica, California.

77 (number)

77 is a natural number that comes after 76 and before 78. It is a palindromic number.

In science, 77 is:

Oriental turtle dove

The oriental turtle dove or rufous turtle dove ("Streptopelia orientalis") is a member of the bird family Columbidae. That family includes doves and pigeons.

Elliot's pheasant

Elliot's pheasant ("Syrmaticus ellioti") is a large pheasant. It is native to southeastern China.

<br>

African green pigeon

The African green pigeon ("Treron calvus") is a bird native to Sub-Saharan Africa.

Adult birds have maroon shoulder patches. The shoulder patches are olive in immature birds. They reach a length of 25–28 cm.

Their range includes Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Liberia, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mozambique, Namibia, Niger, Nigeria, Rwanda, São Tomé and Príncipe, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Somalia, South Africa, South Sudan, Eswatini, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia and Zimbabwe.

Gunnison grouse

The Gunnison sage-grouse ("Centrocercus minimus") is a species of grouse. It is endemic to the Great Basin. It looks like the closely related greater sage-grouse but is about a third smaller. It has much thicker plumes behind the head. It also has a less elaborate courtship dance. It lives in the western half of Colorado and eastern Utah. It lives most in the Gunnison Basin region in Colorado.

Greater sage-grouse

The greater sage-grouse ("Centrocercus urophasianus") is the largest grouse in North America. It lives in the western half of the United States and the Alberta and Saskatchewan provinces. They are larger than a pheasant but smaller than a wild turkey.

They belong to the Phasianidae family. The Gunnison sage-grouse ("Centrocercus minimus") is the other species in the genus.

At one time they numbered in the millions. Because of loss of the loss of sagebrush habitat there are now between 200,000 and 500,000 birds in the western US. They are now being considered for listing under the Endangered Species Act (ESA). In Canada It is estimated their habitat range has been reduced by 90%. They are completely gone from British Columbia. It is estimated the population in Canada was reduced by 88% between 1988 and 2006.

In the spring, during their breeding season, male sage-grouse gather to do their courtship displays. They do this on areas called "leks". As the males dance they make a popping sound. This is done by inflating and deflating their two yellow throat sacs. They display their pointed tail feathers while they strut. As many as a dozen males may dance at the same time. Sometimes two males will fight with their wings. The hens will watch for several days before picking out a mate. They make their nests in the sagebrush. The males do not help with nesting or with raising chicks.


<br>

Omar Souleyman

Omar Souleyman (born 1966) is a singer from Syria. 

He began singing professionally in 1994. He has sung at Syrian weddings. He has made records of his music. He has made more than 500 live albums. His success and popularity in Syria led to performances in other countries, starting in 1977. Those countries were Canada, Australia, the United States, and ones in Europe. 

Souleyman is backed by various bands with many different instruments. "[H]is dizzying use of ululating keyboards, pounding synthesied beats and throaty vocals pays homage to "dabke", a `Middle eastern line-dance synonymous with weddings and other celebrations." According to reviewer Tshepo Mokoena, his songs are all about love and companionship. 



Sharon Case

Sharon Case (born February 9, 1971) is an American actress and a former model. At age 17, she began working as a model before getting into acting. She is best known for her roles on daytime soap operas. She played Dawn Winthrop in "General Hospital". She also played Debbie Simon in "As the World Turns". She played Sharon Newman on "The Young and the Restless".

Case was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Chatsworth, Los Angeles

Chatsworth, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.


Jingle All The Way

Jingle All the Way is an American Christmas comedy family movie. It is directed by Brian Levant and stars Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sinbad. Other actors are Phil Hartman, Rita Wilson, Jake Lloyd, James Belushi and Robert Conrad.

In the movie two fathers try to find a Turbo-Man action figure on Christmas Eve. Turbo-Man is a fictional toy created for the movie. One of the children describes the toy by saying, "I want the Turbo Man action figure with the arms and legs that move and the boomerang shooter and the rock-and-roar jet pack and the realistic voice activator that says five different phrases including, “It's turbo time!” Accessories sold separately. Batteries not included."

TVT Records released the film's soundtrack album on Audio CD on November 26, 1996. It features only two of composer David Newman's pieces from "Jingle All the Way", but features many of the songs by other artists included in the film, as well as other Christmas songs and new tracks by the Brian Setzer Orchestra. Intrada Music Group released a Special Collection limited edition of Newman's full 23-track score on November 3, 2008.

Joel Madden

Joe Reuben Madden (ne Combs; born March 11, 1979) is an American singer best known as the lead vocalist for the pop punk band Good Charlotte.

Madden was born in Waldorf, Maryland to Robin Madden and Roger Combs. He has a twin brother Benji Madden who plays guitar and sings backing vocals in their band, Good Charlotte.

Supa Dupa Fly

Supa Dupa Fly is the debut studio album by American rapper Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott. The album features the singles, "The Rain (Supa Dupa Fly)", "Sock It 2 Me", "Hit Em wit da Hee" and "Beep Me 911". Guest appearances on the album include rappers Busta Rhymes, Lil' Kim, Timbaland and Magoo and R&B singers Ginuwine, Nicole, 702 and Aaliyah.

Credits for "Supa Dupa Fly" adapted from Allmusic.


Miss E... So Addictive

Miss E… So Addictive is the third studio album by American rapper, Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott. The album had the club and R&B/hip-hop hit "One Minute Man". The album has guest appearances from rappers Timbaland, Redman, Busta Rhymes, Eve, Jay-Z, Ludacris and Shawnna and R&B singers Aaliyah, Tweet and Ginuwine. It was the last album of Elliott's that Aaliyah appeared on before Aaliyah's death in August 2001. It was the last album under the name "Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott".

Under Construction (Missy Elliott album)

Under Construction is the fourth studio album by American rapper Missy Elliott. One of the songs from the album, "Pussycat", was going to be released as a remix with R&B singer Janet Jackson and rapper Lil' Kim. However, only Elliott's vocals were ever recorded for it.



Allery

Allery is a commune in the Somme department in northern France.

This Is Not a Test!

This Is Not a Test! is the fifth studio album by American rapper Missy Elliott.



The Cookbook

The Cookbook is the sixth studio album by American rapper Missy Elliott. As of 2015 it is her newest studio album.



Respect M.E.

Respect M.E. (Short for Respect Missy Elliott) is the first greatest hits album by American rapper Missy Elliott. It includes all her hits from all of her albums.



Cees van Kooten

Cees van Kooten (; 20 August 1948 – 24 August 2015) was a Dutch former international football striker. After his career he became a football manager, he retired after a heart attack. 

van Kooten died of esophageal cancer at the age of 67.

Yosi Piamenta

Yosi Piamenta (November 29, 1951 – August 23, 2015) was an Orthodox Jewish singer-songwriter and guitarist. He was known for introducing the electric guitar to Jewish music. Piamenta played rock and roll tunes with Biblical Hebrew lyrics. 

Banshee (roller coaster)

Banshee is a B&M Inverted roller coaster located at Kings Island. It replaced Son of Beast, a wooden roller coaster. It is currently the longest inverted roller coaster in the world. 

Seasonal breeder

Seasonal breeders are animal species that mate only during certain times of the year. These times of year are usually best for the survival of the young. Factors include ambient temperature, food and water availability, and even changes in the predation behaviors of other species. The sexual interest and mating behavior goes on only during this period. 

Female seasonal breeders will have one or more oestrous cycles only when she is "in season" or fertile At this time she is naturally ready to mate. At other times of the year they are not sexually interested. Male seasonal breeders may have changes in testosterone levels, testes weight, and fertility depending on the time of year. For example, male greater sage-grouse actually gain weight as their bodies get ready for the spring breeding season. Seasonal breeders are different than opportunistic breeders. These are species which mate whenever conditions allow it. They are also different from continuous breeders like humans that mate year-round.

Many species breed in colonies or large communities which is known as communal breeding. It is common to see large groups of these species during their breeding seasons. These breeding colonies and their location are generally protected by wildlife conservation laws. This is to keep the species from going extinct. Some species have evolved to communal breeding in large breeding colonies. They cannot breed in smaller numbers or pairs alone. These species can be threatened by extinction if they are hunted on their breeding grounds or if their breeding colonies are destroyed. The Passenger pigeon is a famous example. They were probably the most numerous land bird on the American continent which had evolved for communal breeding. They became extinct due to large scale hunting in its communal breeding grounds. They were not able to breed in smaller numbers.


Companion dog

A companion dog is one whose main job is to keep people company. It is not necessary that companion dogs be trained to perform any specific task. Their main service is to provide companionship. A dog trained to perform a task for a disabled handler is called a service dog.

While most any family pet could be considered a companion, the best companion dogs have certain qualities. First, they must be suited for living indoors. They should be calm and not aggressive around other people or animals. A dog should be compatible with a person's lifestyle and personality. Large dogs may not be suitable for very young children. Older people are increasingly choosing smaller dogs. Therapy dogs and emotional support dogs provide comfort to people with certain conditions. Often they belong to staff members of hospitals or institutions. Some dogs are certified as companion dogs and are selected for certain qualities.

<br>

Opistognathidae

Opistognathidae, the jawfishes, are a family of fishes classified within the order Perciformes, suborder Percoidei. The family includes about 80 species. 

They are native to warmer parts of the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Oceans, where found from the shallows to depths of a few hundred meters.

Justin Wilson

Justin Boyd Wilson (31 July 1978 – 24 August 2015) was a British professional open-wheel driver. Just before his death, he was competing part-time in the IndyCar Series, driving the No. 25 Honda for Andretti Autosport. Earlier, he competed in the Champ Car series from 2004–07, scoring four wins. 

He also competed in Formula One in the 2003 season with Minardi and Jaguar and was the winner of the 2001 International Formula 3000 championship. He was also a winner of the 24 Hours of Daytona. To date, he is the tallest person to have raced in Formula One.

On 23 August 2015, Wilson suffered a traumatic brain injury in an accident at the Pocono Raceway, which caused his death the following day.

Middlesex County, New Jersey

Middlesex County is one of 21 counties of New Jersey. Middlesex is part of the New York metropolitan area, and its county seat is New Brunswick.


Municipalities in Middlesex County (with 2020 Census data for population, housing units and area in square miles) are:


List of people from New Jersey

The following is a list of notable people from the U.S. state of New Jersey.





















Sayreville, New Jersey

Sayreville, New Jersey is a borough on the Raritan River near Raritan Bay in New Jersey.
People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Sayreville include:


List of municipalities in New Jersey

This is a list of the 564 municipalities in the U.S. state of New Jersey, ordered by population. There are five types of municipality in the state:

New Jersey covers . That makes the average land size of a municipality in the state about . However, but note in the map at right that the sizes are very different.

All land within New Jersey is in a municipality.

Lesser prairie chicken

The lesser prairie chicken ("Tympanuchus pallidicinctus") is a bird in the grouse family. It is similar to the greater prairie chicken but is slightly smaller and paler in color.

About half of this species live in western Kansas. They are also found in Colorado, Oklahoma, New Mexico and Texas.


Blanding's turtle

Blanding's turtle ("Emys blandingii" or "Emydoidea blandingii") is a North American turtle; it mainly lives near and south of the Great Lakes.

The Blanding's turtle is characterized by its dark dome shaped upper shell, also known as the carapace, and its distinct bright yellow neck. The dark shell of the turtle is often scattered with yellow specks. The Blanding’s turtle is commonly referred to as a semi-box turtle due to its bottom shell, known as the plastron, which is hinged across the front third. The hinge going across the shell allows the turtle to pull the front of the plastron strongly against the top half of the shell helping it to hide when threatened.

The Blanding’s turtle lives in wetland areas with shallow waters-such as rivers and streams- that are near sandy uplands. These wetland areas support the turtles with their rich, aquatic vegetation. 

Blanding’s turtles are known to live in the Upper Midwest, New England, and Southeastern Canada regions. 

Blanding’s turtles tend to spend the winter months in the muddy areas of deep marshes, backwater pools, ponds and streams. But in early spring they come out and move to temporary wetlands that allow for mating and breeding habitats. Mating will typically occur around early evening, but can go on until late night. They become sexually mature around the age of 12 years. When breeding, they breed only once a year and they typically have an egg clutch of about 10-26 eggs.

Eggs are laid far from water in preferably sandy areas. The hatchlings leave the nest starting around mid-August to early October. Blanding’s turtles have a life expectancy of over 70 years. 

Bog turtle

The bog turtle ("Glyptemys muhlenbergii") is a turtle found only in the eastern United States (northeast and Appalachian Mountains). It is the smallest North American turtle. It measures about long when fully grown. Bog turtles are threatened from loss of habitat and collection as pets. 

It looks similar to the painted or spotted turtles. But it is more closely related to the larger wood turtle. The bog turtle is identified by the yellow or orange spot on each side of its head and neck.

The bog turtle lives in bogs and other wetlands. They are a rare and endangered species. It mostly eats insects and their larva. It is unknown how long they live in the wild. In captivity they live up to 30 years. 

Spotted turtle

The spotted turtle ("Clemmys guttata") is a turtle found in eastern North America. They are found in the eastern Great Lakes and east of the Appalachian Mountains. They are aquatic omnivores that live in shallow fresh water. These are places such as flooded forests, marshes, wet meadows, bogs and woodland streams.

Pygmy rabbit

The pygmy rabbit ("Brachylagus idahoensis") is a North American rabbit. It is found in the desert areas of the Great Basin and Montana.

The pygmy rabbit is the world's smallest leporid. An average adult weights about . It has a body length of . The female rabbit is slightly larger than the male.

The pygmy rabbit is different from other leporids by its small size, short ears, gray color and small hind legs. It also does not have any white fur on its tail.

Weasels are the main predators of pygmy rabbits. Coyotes, red foxes, badgers, bobcats, owls and hawks also hunt pygmy rabbits.

One isolated population, the Columbia Basin pygmy rabbit, is listed as an endangered species by the U.S. Federal government. The International Union for Conservation of Nature lists the species as lower risk. This species only lives naturally in the Columbia Basin of Washington State.

The last male purebred Columbia Basin pygmy rabbit died March 30, 2006, at the Oregon Zoo in Portland. The last purebred female died in 2008. A program by the Oregon Zoo, Washington State University and Northwest Trek is trying to preserve the genes by breeding surviving females with the Idaho pygmy rabbit.


San'yō region

The San'yō Region is an area in the south of Honshū, the main island of Japan.

Stimulus (psychology)

A stimulus in psychology is an energy change (such as light or sound) which is received by the senses. The usage changes somewhat according to which school of psychology is using it:


A stimulus may be used to see if a person is in a coma and what type of coma it is.

Da Real World

Da Real World is the second studio album by American rapper Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott. The album features a much more "darker" and hardcore hip hop sound compared to her hip hop soul sounding 1997 debut album "Supa Dupa Fly". "Da Real World" also features guest appearances by Timbaland, Eminem, Da Brat, Aaliyah, Big Boi and Redman.

The album met generablly favorable reviews.

AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars and wrote "... it's clearly a Missy Elliott album in most respects, with Timbaland's previously trademarked, futuristic-breakbeat production smarts laced throughout." AllMusic also said that 'Busa Rhyme' was the best track of album.

Touré, of "Rolling Stone", gave the album 3 out of 5 stars.


Riccardo III

Riccardo III is an Italian opera in four acts, music by Luigi Canepa and libretto by Fulvio Fulgonio, after William Shakespeare's play "Richard III". It was first performed in Milan, on November 10, 1879.




Christina Milian (album)

Christina Milian is the self-titled debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Christina Milian. It was released by Def Jam on October 9, 2001. The album features the hit singles "AM to PM" and "When You Look at Me".


It's About Time (Christina Milian album)

It's About Time is the second studio album by American singer Christina Milian. It has more of a pop, hip hop and R&B feel to it than her 2001 self-titled debut album.

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "It's About Time".

So Amazin'

So Amazin' is the third studio album by American singer and songwriter Christina Milian. The album featured the hit "Say I" which featured rapper Young Jeezy. Musically, "So Amazin" has more of a hip hop, soul and R&B sound to it and was more "urban" sound to it compared to Milian's previous albums.



<br>

Francis Sejersted

Francis Sejersted (8 February 1936 – 25 August 2015) was a Norwegian history professor. He was the former chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee.

Sejersted suffered a long illness and died on 25 August 2015 in Oslo, aged 79.

Ole Danbolt Mjøs

Ole Danbolt Mjøs (8 March 1939 – 1 October 2013) was a Norwegian physician and politician for the Christian Democratic Party. He was a professor and former rector at the University of Tromsø, and he was the leader of the Norwegian Nobel Committee from 2003 to 2008.

Thorbjørn Jagland

Jagland studied economics at the University of Oslo. He started his political career in the Workers' Youth League, and served as national leader from 1977 to 1981.

Jagland served as Prime Minister of Norway from 1996 to 1997, Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2000 to 2001, Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the Storting from 2001 to 2005 and President of the Storting from 2005 to 2009.


José María Benegas

José María "Txiki" Benegas Haddad (25 July 1948 – 25 August 2015) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE). He was born in Caracas, Venezuela.

Benegas died in Madrid, Spain from cancer at the age of 67.

Make America Great Again

"Make America Great Again" (MAGA) is a campaign slogan used by American politicians. It was first used by Ronald Reagan during his 1980 presidential campaign. 

The term was created in 1979 during a time in which the United States was suffering from a worsening economy at home marked by high unemployment and inflation. Usually when the term is used, people use it as a reflection to the Presidency of Ronald Reagan.

Since Reagan left office, the slogan has been used by a variety of politicians. More recently, the slogan has been associated with Donald Trump who trademarked the slogan and used it in his own presidential campaign in 2016. 


List of people from Los Angeles

The following is a list of notable people who were either born in, are current residents of, or are otherwise closely associated with or from the city of Los Angeles, California, USA. Those not born in Los Angeles have their places of birth listed instead. Los Angeles natives are also referred to as "Angelenos" .


























Mexican Canadians

Mexican Canadians are Canadians of Mexican descent.


Middlesex, New Jersey

Middlesex County, New Jersey is a borough of Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 14,636. Middlesex was incorporated as a borough on April 9, 1913. In 1905, the Lincoln section of Middlesex organized a volunteer fire company.

<br>

Itaipu Dam

The Itaipu Dam is a hydroelectric (making electricity by the movement of water) dam on the Paraná River, on the border between Brazil and Paraguay. 

It is listed as one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World. It is the world's second largest dam behind the Three Gorges Dam and is 7919 metres long and 196 metres high. It is the second-largest power plant in the world by nameplate capacity and the largest by power production in 2015-2016.

The Itaipu Dam is owned by the Brazilian Goverment.

La Llorona

La Llorona is a well known Mexican folk tale that originated in the 1800s to early 1900s.(The La Llorona tale actually dates back to the conquistadors and is thought to have originated in prehispanic times.)

Although several variations exist, the most basic story tells of a beautiful woman by the name of Maria who drowns her children in the river out of rage because her husband left her for a younger woman. She soon comes to her senses and regrets her decision to kill her children, so she drowns herself in a river in Latin America. She then becomes stuck between the physical and spiritual world on an eternal search for her children, not permitted to enter heaven without them. Her incessant weeping throughout the night gives her the title "La Llorona" (The Weeping Woman). 

Parents often use this story to prevent their children from wandering out at night. In some versions of this tale and legend, La Llorona will kidnap wandering children who resemble her missing children, asking her children for forgiveness and drowning these other children to take their place but they never forgive her yet still she keeps trying. 

People who claim to have seen her say she appears at night, or in the late evenings from rivers or lakes throughout Latin America. Some believe that those who hear the wails of La Llorona are marked for death. She is said to cry,"¡Ay, mis hijos!" (Oh, my children!).

A movie about the folk tale titled "The Curse of La Llorona" was released in April 2019.


Guri Dam

The Guri Dam, officially called the Simón Bolívar Hydroelectric Plant, is a dam in Bolívar State, Venezuela. It is on the Caroni River.

Mark Twain National Forest

Mark Twain National Forest (MTNF) is a US National Forest. It is mainly in the southern half of Missouri. The MTNF was established on September 11, 1939. It is named for author Mark Twain, a Missouri native. The MTNF covers , of which are wilderness, and National Wild and Scenic River area. MTNF spans 29 counties. It represents 11% of all forested land in Missouri. MTNF is divided into six distinct ranger districts: "Ava-Cassville-Willow Springs", "Eleven Point", "Houston-Rolla-Cedar Creek", "Poplar Bluff", "Potosi-Fredericktown", and the "Salem. The six ranger districts actually cover nine overall unique tracts of forests. The headquarters of the MTNF are in Rolla, Missouri.

Some unique features of the Mark Twain include Greer Spring. It is the largest spring on National Forest land. It is part of the Eleven Point National Scenic River. The spring pumps an average of 214 million gallons of water per day into the river. The public can also visit the Glade Top Trail National Scenic Byway, which offers views of over to the Boston Mountains in Arkansas. Part of the Ozark Trail system winds through the National Forest.

The Mark Twain National Forest was created on February 17, 1976. The present day MTNF was once two different national forests, the "Clark National Forest" and the "Mark Twain National Forest". Both were proclaimed on September 11, 1939. In June 1973 the Clark and Mark Twain NF were brought under one headquarters. This was in Rolla and became known as the "National forests in Missouri". On Feb. 17, 1976, the forests were combined and renamed the Mark Twain National Forest.

In the 1870s logging of the state's native oak, hickory, and pine forests began. Sawmills were common, but by the 1920s they had disappeared. By then so had much of the state's native forests. In 1939 President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed the MTNF into existence. In March 1933, he also created the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC). In the area that would later become Mark Twain National Forest, hundreds of young men at over fifty CCC sites worked at building roads and planting hundreds of acres of pine trees. Many of their contributions can still be visited and enjoyed today.

The Mark Twain is Missouri’s only national forest. It includes roughly 1.5 million acres, mostly within the Ozark Highlands. Located across southern Missouri and northern Arkansas, the Ozark Highlands are an ancient landscape. They have large permanent springs. The area has over 5,000 caves. It is made up of old volcanic mountains with many nationally recognized streams. Parts of the Ozarks were never under oceans or glaciers. There are over 750 miles of hiking trails. About 200 miles out of a planned 500 mile Ozark trail have been completed. When finished it will connect St. Louis to the border of Arkansas. There it will connect with the Ozark Highlands Trail in northwest Arkansas. When completed the trail will be over 1,000 miles long. It will run from St. Louis, Missouri to Lake Fort Smith State Park, near Fort Smith, Arkansas.

Although it is far from being the largest National Forest in acreage, Mark Twain National Forest is located in more counties than any other. As of September 30, 2007, its 1,490,862 acres (2,329.47 sq mi, or 6,033.3 km²) were spread over parts of 29 counties in southern and central Missouri.

Che'Nelle

Cheryline Ernestine Lim (born 10 March 1983), better known by her stage name Che'Nelle, is a Malaysian Australian recording artist signed to Universal Music Japan. Her debut single "I Fell in Love with the DJ" was released in 2007 and reached the top twenty in France.

Lim moved to Perth, Western Australia at age 10. Before breaking out on the music scene in 2007, Che'Nelle was featured on English hip hop and R&B music producer S4DK's "Dear Summer" albums including the first installment in 2005 with a R&B ballad called "Slow Down" which sampled fellow R&B singer Bobby V's song of the same name, two years later she appeared on the second and final installment called "Dear Summer Volume Two" with the R&B ballad "Hooked Up".

Her debut album "Things Happen for a Reason" was released on 25 September 2007 in Japan and 29 October 2007 in Australia.
The first single from this album was "I Fell in Love with the DJ" featuring reggae artist Cham.

Che'Nelle has written songs for herself and also co-wrote Carmit Bachar's single "Fierce", Ricki-Lee's debut single "Hell No!" and Leona Lewis's song "Can't Breathe".

Her second album was later confirmed as "Feel Good", which it was named after the first single from the album, the song and album was strongly influenced by R&B and reggae much like "Things Happen for a Reason", however "Feel Good" and (to date) all her other albums wre only released in Japan.

In 2011, Che'Nelle released her third album "Luv Songs" which saw a departure from Che'Nelle's reggae sound for an R&B, soul sound. The album consisted of mainly R&B cover ballads from American singers like Ne-Yo, Whitney Houston and Minnie Riperton as well as cover of many Japanese known songs.

In 2012, Che'Nelle released her forth album "Believe"; much like 2011's "Luv Songs" it was heavily rooted in an R&B and Japanese music sound.

In 2013, Che'Nelle released her fifth album "Aishiteru" which is Japanese for the phrase "I Love You", the album was her first album to be mainly recorded in Japanese with a few English songs.

In 2014, Che'Nelle released her sixth album "Luv Songs 2"; it was her second installment in the "Luv Songs" series and like 2011's "Luv Songs", it features a mixture of traditional Japanese love songs with several covers of R&B songs including "We Found Love" by Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna.

In 2015, Che'Nelle released her seventh album "@chenelleworld", it is her most recent album.



Rus' people

The Rus () were an early medieval group or people who gave their name to the lands of Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus. In the mid-800s they were centered around Novgorod. They dominated the area for over a hundred years. Many of the leaders of the Rus had Scandinavian names, later both Scandinavian and Slavic names. The Varangian Ruses of Novgorod, intermingled (mixed) with the Slavs of Kiev and it became known Kievan Rus'. The modern-day East Slavic ethnic group traces its ancestry to the Rus' and many acclaimed scientific experts from both the international world and Russia, Ukraine and Belarus have confirmed the Rus' to be their biological ancestors. 

Most western scholars believe them to be a group of Varangians. According to the "Povest vremennykh let" or Russian Primary Chronicle of Rus', compiled in about 1113 AD, the Rus' had relocated from Pomerania. Their leader was named Rurik. Later, Rurik's relative Oleg captured Kiev, founding Kievan Rus'. The descendants of Rurik were the ruling dynasty of Rus' (after 862). In the controversy, this is called the "Normanist" view. Most scholars believe that name Rus came from Swedish Vikings originating from Rothi or Roslagen as it is known today. 

The "anti-Normanist" view is that the Rus' were Slavic people from south of Kiev. In support of this theory it has been pointed out that several rivers have similar names. Once example is the Ros river which is a tributary of the Dnieper river. This may have been where the Rus' took their name. The official Soviet Union history did not include the "anti-norman" viewpoint giving the reason: "The Normanist theory is politically harmful, because it denies the ability of the Slavic nations to form an independent state by their own efforts." 

The story from the Russian Primary Chronicle is that the Slavs of Kiev were fighting among themselves. To restore order they invited the legendary Varangian Rus Rurik to be their leader. This is another area of controversy. One school of thought accepts the Russian Primary Chronicle account with the Norman origin of the Rus' people. The opposing view says the Scandinavians played a small part in the creation of the Kievan Rus. The Scandinavians were simply hired by the Slavs to protect them. Since the 1990s there has been a further controversy over who, Russia or Ukraine, had a better claim to be descended from the Kievan Rus princes. Since the breakup of the USSR Russian historians are not forced to accept the anti-Norman theory. 

Another version is possible in this comment by scholars on "De Administrando Imperio", by the Byzantine Emperor Constantine VII (913-959):
It was at this point in history the area of Kiev grew and expanded. The Kievan state lasted about a hundred years, until about 972. Between 839 and 1043 the Balto Slavs combined with the South Slavic peoples to form a new society. The name Rus came to mean those combined peoples. In 860 the Byzantine Patriarch Photios I described a people who were almost certainly Rani accompanied by Slavs. The leaders of the Rus had Balto Slavic names even into the tenth century. In 911 the Rus who signed a treaty with the Greeks all had Balto Slavic names. But in the treaty of 945 there were some South Slavonic names.

The word "Rus' is found in the slavonic languages. This parallels with , and . Words used to describe Pomeranians in Russia or the east were Veneti or Rujan (in medieval Latin literature known as Ruzzi ). The Finnish: "Venäjä", Estonian: "Vene", Karelian: "Veneä") denoting Russia

Monarchy of Norway

Before the unification in 872 A.D, Norway was made up of 22 small kingdoms.

They merged into larger kingdoms by the different kings (chiefs); Harald Gullskjegg, Gandalv Alvgerisson, Kjøte den rike. Vigbrand fra Agder, Vikar Haraldsson, Øystein Halvdansson in addition to Halvdan Svarte. Harald Fairhair (Harald den Hårfagre) the son of Halfdan the Black (Halvdan Svarte) unified Norway once and for all into one kingdom at the battle of Hafrsfjord. Where he fought against the five remaining Kings in the west of the country (Vestlandet).

Old Bridge Township, New Jersey

Old Bridge Township, New Jersey is a township of New Jersey.

People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Old Bridge Township include:

The Old Bridge Township Public Schools serve students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade. As of the 2011-12 school year, the district's 15 schools had an enrollment of 9,197 students and 684.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.45:1. Schools in the district (with 2011-12 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are twelve K-5 elementary schools — 
M. Scott Carpenter Elementary School (278 students), 
Cheesequake Elementary School (302), 
Leroy Gordon Cooper Elementary School (262), 
Virgil I. Grissom Elementary School (231), 
Madison Park Elementary School (298), 
James A. McDivitt Elementary School (552), 
Memorial Elementary School (417), 
William A. Miller Elementary School (313), 
Walter M. Schirra Elementary School (332), 
Alan B. Shepard Elementary School (282), 
Southwood Elementary School (292) and
Raymond E. Voorhees Elementary School (390) — 
both 
Jonas Salk Middle School (1,035) and 
Carl Sandburg Middle School (1,182) for grades 6-8 and
Old Bridge High School for grades 9-12 (3,031).


Super Bass

"Super Bass" is a song by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. It is from her 2010 debut album "Pink Friday". The song is listed as a bonus track on the deluxe edition of the album. It was released as a single from "Pink Friday" in 2011. This hip-hop and rap song contains electronic influences. While this happens, Minaj raps over a hip hop beat. The song was able to cross over into many genres on radio, such as pop, urban, and rhythmic. "Super Bass" was written by Minaj, Daniel Johnson, and Ester Dean, who also helps write songs for other recording artists such as Rihanna. The song was produced by Kane Beatz. The song's lyrics are about a playful romance between a man and a woman, according to Minaj.

The song reached number three on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 in 2011, as well as on the Mainstream Top 40/Pop Songs airplay chart. It topped the US Rhythmic Songs chart and reached number two on the Rap Songs chart. In Australia and Canada, the song reached number six, while it peaked at number eight in the United Kingdom. "Super Bass" finished as the eighth-best performing song of 2011 in the United States.

On November 9, 2021, the song was certified Diamond by the RIAA for consumption of 10 million copies in the United States alone.

The music video starts with Minaj with her eyes closed. As the song starts, she begins to open them. As Minaj raps through the verse of the song, she is shown with Barbie props. Later on in the song, Minaj starts to tease men. The props used proposed ice cream and a motorcycle that were made of ice. As the chorus begins, she and her five clones of her are performing choreography. After that, Minaj later dances in the dark lights. She also uses glow-in-the-dark accessories.

Many critics have praised the music video. It is because of its vibrant, catchy looks. The song was nominated for "Best Female Video" and "Best Hip-Hop Video" categories at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards. Later on, it won those awards.

Phoenix, Sayreville, New Jersey

Phoenix, Sayreville, New Jersey is a neighborhood of Sayreville, New Jersey.

Dovrefjell

Dovrefjell is a mountain range which forms a natural barrier between Southern Norway and the Trøndelag region. In 1974 the Norwegian government established a national park measuring 256 square kilometers, to protect its beautiful nature and the rich plant and animal life. The size was increased in 2002 to 1693 square kilometers to cover a larger portion of the mountain range.

The highest mountain peak in the range is Snøhetta. It is 2,286 meters above sea level. There was once a gold mine on the mountain but it closed at the end of the 17th century.

The main south-north highway (European route E6) in Norway and a railway both travel over Dovrefjell. The highway is open all year, but is sometimes closed for short periods during heavy winter snowfall. The railway line is named Donvrebane and it began operating in 1921.

"Enige og tro til Dovre faller" ("United and loyal until the mountains of Dovre crumble").

The mountain Dovre was chosen since it has an important part in Norwegian history, where Dovrefjell represents the eternal, unity and democracy. 

The oath was used during a difficult period in the 1800s when Norway was trying to get a new identity after leaving a union with Denmark and when the union with Sweden came to an end in 1905.

Murders of Alison Parker and Adam Ward

On August 26, 2015, 24-year-old news reporter Alison Parker and 27-year-old photojournalist Adam Ward, both of Roanoke, Virginia, CBS affiliate WDBJ, were conducting a live television interview near Smith Mountain Lake in Moneta, Virginia, when they were murdered by a gunman. The person they were interviewing, Vicki Gardner of the Smith Mountain Lake Regional Chamber of Commerce, was shot in the back during the attack but survived. Parker and Ward died at the scene. They are the seventh and eighth journalists to be killed while in the line of work in the U.S. since 1992.

The attacker was later confirmed to be Vester Lee Flanagan II, also known as Bryce Williams, a former reporter at WDBJ who had been forced to leave the station two years prior. After a manhunt and car chase, Flanagan shot himself and later died at a hospital.

Conrad Veidt

Hans Walter Conrad Veidt (22 January 1893 – 3 April 1943) was a German actor. He best remembered for his roles in movies such as "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" (1920), "The Man Who Laughs" (1928), "The Thief of Bagdad" (1940), and in "Casablanca" (1942).

Veidt was against Nazism, and fled with his Jewish wife to the United Kingdom after Hitler had come to power in 1933. He moved to the United States in 1941.

Conrad Veidt died in Hollywood, California from a heart attack, aged 50.



A.D. Grover

Albert Deane Grover (born February 18, 1865 in Boston, Massachusetts; died October 23, 1927 in Manhattan, New York) was an American banjo player. He also wrote music, taught, and invented musical parts and accessories for stringed instruments. He helped set up the Boston Ideal Banjo, Mandolin and Guitar Club. He also started the musical accessories company A. D. Grover & Son. 

Grover held over 50 patents for musical instrument parts. 

Grover was born on February 18, 1865 in Boston, Massachusetts. His father, Stephen Grover (1820–1885), was a Boston piano maker.

Grover died on October 23, 1927 in Manhattan, New York

In 1952, A.D. Grover & Son was renamed to Grover Musical Products, Inc. 




Frankie Muse Freeman

The Honorable Frankie Muse Freeman (born Marie Frankie Muse, November 24, 1916 – January 12, 2018) was an American civil rights attorney, and the first woman to be appointed to the United States Commission on Civil Rights (1964 to 1979).

On February 5, 2015, President Barack Obama appointed Freeman to serve as a Member of the Commission on Presidential Scholars.

Freeman died on January 12, 2018 in Danville, Virginia at the age of 101.


Charles Evers

James Charles Evers (September 11, 1922 – July 22, 2020) was an American civil rights activist. In 1969, he became the first African American since the Reconstruction era to have been elected as mayor in a Mississippi city.

He served as mayor of Fayette in Jefferson County. Thereafter, he ran for governor in 1971 and the United States Senate in 1978. He ran both times as an Independent candidate.

Evers died on July 22, 2020 in Brandon, Mississippi at the age of 97.


Piermario Morosini

Piermario Morosini (5 July 1986 – 14 April 2012) was an Italian football player.

On 14 April 2012 he suffered a cardiac arrest while he was playing a match with his team Livorno against the team Pescara. He died minutes after in the Civil Hospital of Pescara.

Natural fibre

A natural fibre is a fibre made from natural sources, like animals or plants. 

Fibres from animal sources are wool, cashmere, fur and silk.

Wool comes from the fleece of sheep and the hair of yak, camel, alpaca, guanaco and vicuna.

Cashmere comes from cashmere goats.

Fur of various animals such as rabbit, beaver, mink and muskrat is also used as clothing.

Silk comes from silkworms, which is a large, white moth caterpillar.

Fibres from plants include flax, ramie, hemp, cotton and jute. Coconut trees bear coconut fruits that have fibres. Coconut fibres are cleaned, smoothed and made into various dolls and toys with beads and colored threads to give them a decorative appearance.

Synthetic fabric

Synthetic fabrics are fabrics manufactured in factories using chemical synthesis. They are also known as artificial or man-made fabrics. These include nylon, polyester, polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and rayon. Synthetic fibers are made by the joining of monomers into polymers, by the process of polymerization.

<br>

Threshing

Threshing is the process of separating the edible part of cereal grain (or other crop) from the scaly, inedible chaff that surrounds it. It is the step in grain processing after harvesting and before winnowing. Early threshing methods removed some of the bran but modern methods do not.

Threshing may be done by beating the grain using a flail on a threshing floor. Another traditional method of threshing is to make donkeys or oxen walk in circles on the grain on a hard surface.

<br>

Temple of All Religions

The Temple of All Religions () or the Universal Temple () is an architectural structure in Kazan, Russia.

It is made up of many different religious buildings, including an Orthodox church, a mosque and a synagogue. It was started in 1992 by local artist and philanthropist Ildar Khanov. It is still under construction.

The structure is not a single temple devoted to any religion in particular. It has become a popular landmark in the city, which takes pride in the peaceful combination of different cultures (Islamic Tatar culture, Orthodox Russian, and others). The Temple is visited both by tourists and by people seeking Khanov's help.

Khanov says that once completed, the structure will have 16 cupolas - each one corresponding to the 16 major world religions (including past ones that are no longer practiced).

<br>

Kongesangen

"" (; meaning "The King's Song") is Norway's royal anthem. It is based on the English royal song "God Save the King" from 1741. The Norwegian author Henrik Wergeland wrote a Norwegian lyric to the English song in 1841 called "Gud signe Kongen vor" It was later rewritten by P. Vogtmann under the name "Gud sign vor Konge god". A simplified version of this was later written by Gustav Jensen.


Universal City, California

Universal City, California is a unincorporated community within the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California.


Piscataway, New Jersey

Piscataway, New Jersey is a township in the U.S. state of New Jersey.


Atlantic County, New Jersey

Atlantic County, New Jersey is a county of New Jersey. The county seat is Mays Landing, New Jersey.


Transfer case

A transfer case is a part of the drivetrain of four-wheel drive, all-wheel drive, and other multiple powered axle vehicles. Typically a transfer case is used to engage (and disengage) the four-wheel drive function. When disengaged, most four-wheel drive systems operate in two wheel drive (engaging just the rear axle and wheels). For that reason two-wheel drive vehicles do not need a transfer case. 

The transfer case transfers the power from the transmission to the front and rear axles by means of drive shafts. The transfer case synchronizes the rotation of the front and rear wheels so they turn at exactly the same speed. It usually contains two or more sets of gears. It has a 1:1 ratio drive (usually called high range) for normal city and highway use. Then it contains a low range gear for off-road use. A common low range gear ratios is 2.72:1. That means for every 2.72 rotations of the transmission output shaft, the transfer case will turn both driveshafts 1 rotation. The Jeep Wrangler Rubicon model uses a 4:1 low range gearing.

There are two different types of internal power-transfer mechanism found in most transfer cases. 
Gear-driven transfer cases use sets of gears to transmit power to the front and rear driveshafts. These are generally strong, heavy units that are used in large trucks. There are currently gear drive cases in production for light trucks and SUVs.

Chain-driven transfer cases use a chain to transmit power to the axles. Chain-driven transfer cases are quieter, lighter and less expensive to manufacture than gear-driven units. They are used in vehicles such as compact trucks, full size trucks, Jeeps and SUVs. Some off-road driving enthusiasts modify their vehicles to use gear-driven transfer casesto gain the extra strength they provide.

Brooke Valentine

Kanesha Nichole Brookes (born October 5, 1984) best known by her stage name Brooke Valentine or Valentine is an American R&B singer, songwriter, actress, model and dancer. She broke out on the music scene in 2005 with the song "Girlfight" which features fellow Southern hip hop acts Lil Jon and Big Boi.

Valentine was born in Houston, Texas She started her musical career as a member of the female R&B group Best Kept Secret. To start up a solo singing career, she moved to Los Angeles, California with producer and Subliminal Entertainment CEO Deja the Great and signed to Virgin Records.

Brooke Valentine released her debut album "Chain Letter" in 2005. The album's first song was the hit single, "Girlfight", which features Lil Jon and Big Boi.

In 2006, Valentine planned a second album, "Physical Education". Its first single was "D-Girl", which featured rapper Pimp C. She then released the second single "Pimped Out", which featured Dem Franchize Boyz. Her second album "Physical Education" was almost ready to be released but Virgin Records ended up being merged with Capitol Records. The album was temporarily put on hold. However the album ended up being released as a bootleg album. Instead some of its songs were put on a mixtape which was called "Physical Education: The Mixtape".

As of 2010, Brooke Valentine changed her stage name to B. Valentine. The first single from her yet-to-be-released third album, "Forever," was released on February 14, 2012.


Peter Kern

Peter Kern (13 February 1949 – 26 August 2015) was an Austrian actor, movie director, screenwriter and producer. He has appeared in more than 70 movies since 1957 and directed about 25 movies. He starred in the 1978 movie "Flaming Hearts".

Reign Over Me

Reign Over Me is a 2007 American buddy comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Mike Binder and it was produced by Jack Binder and Michael Rotenberg. "Reign Over Me" was released on March 22, 2007 in Australia and on March 23, 2007 in the United States.

The movie got mixed reviews from critics. It has a 64% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" said "It's rare to see so many moments of grace followed by so many stumbles and fumbles, or to see intelligence and discretion undone so thoroughly by glibness and grossness. And it is puzzling, and ultimately draining, to see a film that waves the flag of honesty—Face your demons! Speak from your heart! Open up!—turn out to be so phony."



Darryl Dawkins

Darryl Dawkins (January 11, 1957 – August 27, 2015) was an American professional basketball player. He was known for his days with the NBA's Philadelphia 76ers and New Jersey Nets. He also played briefly for the Detroit Pistons and Utah Jazz late in his career. His nickname was "Chocolate Thunder". It was given to him by Stevie Wonder. He was known for his powerful dunks, which led the NBA to adopt breakaway rims because he shattered the backboard two times in 1979.

Dawkins died on August 27, 2015 from a heart attack in Allentown, Pennsylvania, at the age of 58.

San Marcos

San Marcos might refer to:


Brittany Furlan

Brittany Furlan (born September 5, 1986 in Pennsylvania) is an American comedian and internet celebrity who is based in Los Angeles. She is best known for her work on the video sharing website, Vine. She is the most followed female on the website. Also, "Time magazine" has named her to be one of the most influential people on the internet.


Magna Carta Holy Grail

Magna Carta Holy Grail (sometimes written as Magna Carta... Holy Grail) is the twelfth studio album by American rapper Jay-Z. It was released for digital download on 4 July 2013. It was then released in album form on 8 July 2013 by Roc-A-Fella and Roc Nation while being shared by Universal Records. Justin Timberlake, Nas, Rick Ross, Frank Ocean and Beyoncé also sang in the album. The album was promoted with commercials that were presented by Samsung. Even though some critics didn't like the album, it still reached #1 on the American, British, Swiss and Canadian music charts. It ed at #1 on the US Billboard 200 Chart.



Katie Green

Katie Green (born on 28 August 1987 in Chichester, West Sussex) is an English model. She is known for not listening to her modeling agencies, and remaining "heavier" than the modeling standards. She continues to model to this day.

1001 (number)

1001 is a natural number that comes before 1002 and after 1000. 1001 is a palindromic number. 1001 is a composite number. 1001 is the product of the prime numbers 7, 11, and 13. If you multiply a three-digit number to 1001 it will be like the form :xyz-xyz. So, any number of the form xyz-xyz will always be a composite number.

144 (number)

144 is a natural number that comes before 145 and after 143. 144 is the only even square Fibonacci number. It is the square number of 12. It is also an abundant number.

Chain Letter (album)

Chain Letter is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Brooke Valentine. It was released on March 15, 2005 through the American imprint of Virgin Records. The album has the hit song "Girlfight" which includes Big Boi and Lil Jon.

Józef Wesołowski

Józef Wesołowski (15 July 1948 – 27 August 2015) was a Polish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was forcibly laicized by the Holy See in 2014. He was the Apostolic Nuncio to the Dominican Republic from January 2008 until he was recalled in August 2013. 

Authorities in the Dominican Republic are investigating allegations of child abuse against him. In June 2015, it was announced by the Vatican that he would stand trial for charges of possessing child pornography, and faced a possible prison term.

Wesołowski was found dead in his residence in the Vatican on 27 August 2015. A Vatican statement said that he likely died of natural causes.

Al Arbour

Alger Joseph "Radar" Arbour (November 1, 1932 – August 28, 2015) was a Canadian National Hockey League player, coach, and executive. He played for the Detroit Red Wings, Chicago Black Hawks, and the Toronto Maple Leafs. He was known for being the coach of the New York Islanders.

Arbour died on August 28, 2015 in Sarasota, Florida after being treated for Parkinson's disease and dementia, aged 82.

Auld Lang Syne

"Auld Lang Syne" is a Scots poem written by Robert Burns in 1788 and set to the tune of a traditional folk song (Roud # 6294). It is well known in many countries, especially in the English-speaking world, its traditional use being to bid farewell to the old year at the stroke of midnight.

Neville Marriner

Sir Neville Marriner (15 April 1924 – 2 October 2016) was an English conductor and violinist. He was the first music director of the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra, from 1969 to 1978. From 1979 to 1986, he was music director of the Minnesota Orchestra. He was principal conductor of the Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra from 1986 to 1989.

Marriner was born in Lincoln, England, and studied at the Royal College of Music and the Paris Conservatoire.


Claude LaForge

Joseph Claude Roger LaForge (July 1, 1936 – May 4, 2015) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left winger. He played parts of 8 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Montreal Canadiens, Detroit Red Wings, and Philadelphia Flyers.

Before playing in the NHL, LaForge played 2 games with the Montreal Royals and 1 season with the Shawinigan-Falls Cataracts of the Quebec Hockey League (QHL) and 1 season with the Cincinnati Mohawks of the International Hockey League (IHL). In 1958, LaForge was chosen to play on the QHL Second All-Star Team.

He started his NHL career with the Montreal Canadiens during the 1957–58 season. He would play a total of 5 games with the Canadiens. On June 3, 1958, the Canadiens traded LaForge along with Gene Achtymichuk and Bud MacPherson to the Detroit Red Wings in exchange for money.

LeForge spent time between the Red Wings and their AHL-affiliates, the Hershey Bears and Pittsburgh Hornets. After spending parts of 5 years with Detroit, he was sent down to the Hornets and was then traded to the Quebec Aces of the American Hockey League (AHL) in exchange for Terry Gray on March 1, 1966.

When the Philadelphia Flyers bough the Aces on May 8, 1967, LaForge's NHL rights were transferred to the team. He played 65 regular season games with the Flyers. In August 1970, the Flyers traded LaForge to the Denver Spurs of the Western Hockey League (WHL) in exchange for money. After spending 3 seasons with the Spurs, LaForge retired from playing professional ice hockey.


Joan Garriga

Joan Garriga Vilaresau (29 March 1963 – 27 August 2015) was a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle racer. He raced professionally from 1984 to 1993. He won three 250cc races during his career and finished runner-up to Sito Pons in the 1988 250cc GP World Championship.

Garriga was born in Barcelona. After retiring, he was convicted of drug trafficking and possession of weapons in 2003. When the case came to trial, he was given a two-year sentence. He also suffered two heart attacks in 2013 but survived.

Garriga was involved in a motorcycle accident on 24 August 2015. He died from his injuries three days later in Barcelona, aged 52.

Universal health care

Universal health care, sometimes referred to as universal health coverage, universal coverage, or universal care, usually refers to a health care system which provides health care and financial protection to all citizens or residents of a particular country.


Parental leave

Parental leave or family leave is an employee benefit available in almost all countries that provides paid time off work to care for a child or make arrangements for the child's welfare. The terms "parental leave" and "family leave" include maternity, paternity, and adoption leave. Often, the minimum benefits are stipulated by law.

Race and crime in the United States

The relationship between race and crime in the United States has been a topic of public controversy and debate for more than a century. 

Since the 1980s, the debate has focused on the causes of some minorities at all stages of the criminal justice system, including arrests, racial background of violent criminals as identified by their victims, prosecutions and incarcerations. Federal Prosecutors of African American and Hispanic defendants are twice as likely to push for mandatory minimum sentences, leading to longer sentences and disparities in incarceration rates for federal offenses.

Teresa Gorman

Teresa Ellen Gorman (née Moore; 30 September 1931 – 28 August 2015) was a British politician. She was born in Putney, London. She was Conservative Member of Parliament for Billericay, in the county of Essex in England, from 1987 until 2001, when she stood down.

Governor of Vermont

The Governor of the U.S. state of Vermont is the head of the government of the state. The governor is elected in even-numbered years by direct voting for a term of two years. Vermont along with New Hampshire are now the only states to hold gubernatorial elections every two years, instead of every four as in the other 48 states. 

There is no limit on the number of terms a governor can serve. If no candidate receives at least 50 percent plus one vote of all votes for governor cast in the election, the governor is then elected by the state legislature.

The incumbent governor is Phillip Scott. 

Janet Montgomery

Janet Ruth Montgomery (born 29 October 1985) is an English movie and television actress. As of 2014, she stars in the TV series, Salem.

She also had a role in the second season of Fox's "Human Target". She played Eric Murphy's assistant Jennie in HBO's "Entourage".


Botsmark

Botsmark is a locality in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 201 people lived there.

Nödinge Church

Nödinge Church () is a church building in Nödinge-Nol in Västergötland in Sweden. It is located north of the town of Gothenburg. The current church was built in 1727 when it replaced an older Romanesque church from the 1100s or 1200s. The church has a baroque interior. Its ceiling has paintings by painter Alexander Fox from 1734. The pulpit was added in 1741 by sculptor Johan Petter Weber. The church underwent renovation in 1981-1982.

The church was also used during recording of the 2013 film "'The Anderssons Hit the Road".

Salem (TV series)

Salem is an American supernatural fiction drama television show. It was created by Brannon Braga and Adam Simon. The first episode was made public on April 20, 2014. "Salem" is WGN America's first scripted series. Janet Montgomery and Shane West are the main actors/actresses of the show. "Salem" is influenced by the Salem Witch Trials in the 17th century.

"Salem" is a fictional story that is based on the real Salem Witch Trials in colonial Massachusetts. The Massachusetts government at the time was dominated by conservative Puritan leaders. Unlike today there was little difference between church and state.

In 1692 the Puritan colony was affected by young girls "crying out" accusations of devil worship against other members of the congregation. A mix of fear and superstition caused a hysteria among the Puritans that devil-worshiping witches were among them. A mob mentality caused people to torture and execute others women (and a few men) for no reason other than hysteria over the possibility of them being witches. Over 150 people were accused of being witches and placed on trial.

Salem, the WGN America series, reworks this history into a fictional story full of magic, witches as actual beings, and sexy characters. In the TV series the main characters, John Alden (Shane West) and Mary Sibley (Janet Montgomery), find themselves in love even though the whole town is in a frenzy over witch hunts. The New York Times review called it "perversely entertaining."

Most of the characters are based on the names of real people.


Salem scored 49 out of 100, based on 16 critic reviews on Metacritic. On Rotten Tomatoes, the first season scored 54%, with an average rating of 5.5 out of 10 based on 26 critic reviews. The show was also nominated for two awards.


Colin Friels

Colin Friels (born 25 September 1952) is a Scottish-born Australian actor. He is best known for his role in the television series "Water Rats" which earned him a Logie Award. He also appeared in the movies "Malcolm" (1986), "Dark City" (1998) and "Tomorrow, When the War Began" (2010).

Friels was born in Kilwinning, Ayrshire, Scotland. He moved to Australia in 1963, first living in Darwin, Northern Territory before moving to Melbourne, Victoria. He is married to actress Judy Davis. They have two children, son Jack and daughter Charlotte.

Friels is a pancreatic cancer survivor.

Solar Impulse

Solar Impulse 1 and Solar Impulse 2 are airplanes powered by solar energy. André Borschberg and Bertrand Piccard from Switzerland created these planes as an experiment. The goal of this experiment is to fly around Earth using only solar energy.

List of Russian monarchs

This is a list of the kings, queens, and other rulers ("monarchs") of Russia, from 862 to 917.

The list starts with Rurik, the ruler (Prince) of a state called Novgorod in 862. It ends with Nicholas the Second, who stopped ruling in 1917. Nicholas the Second and his family were killed in 1918.

Since 1331 the title of the Grand Princes of Vladimir was assigned to the Princes of Moscow.

"Dates are listed in the Old Style, which continued to be used in Russia."

Dream Street (Janet Jackson album)

Dream Street is the second studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. It was released in September 1984 by A&M Records. The album was produced by her brother, Marlon Jackson. Her brother Michael Jackson added vocal ad-libs. During the summer of 1984 it was a top ten R&B hit.


Kohwari

Kohwari or Khowat may refer to:


Control: The Remixes

Control: The Remixes is the first remix album (and fourth album overall) by American recording artist Janet Jackson. Released in 1987 in the United Kingdom, Europe, and Japan only, it contains remixes of singles from Jackson's third studio album "Control", following the success of the album.


Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814

Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814 (sometimes shortened to Rhythm Nation 1814) is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson, released on September 19, 1989, by A&M Records. The album themes include various tragedies reported through the news at the time, exploring racism, poverty, and substance abuse. In 1990 Jackson went on her first head line tour called "Rhythm Nation Tour 1990". Since its release, the album has sold nearly 20 million copies worldwide.




Notes:

Janet.

janet. is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson, released on May 18, 1993, by Virgin Records. It was her first album to be released on Virgin as her previous record A&M did not renew her contract in 1991. The album was more R&B than her previous albums that were released in the 80's. The album also showed Jackson as a sex symbol. The album has sold over 20 million copies worldwide.

All songs written and produced by Janet Jackson, James Harris III and Terry Lewis, except where noted.




Design of a Decade: 1986–1996

Design of a Decade: 1986–1996 is the first greatest hits album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. It was released on October 10, 1995 by A&M. It features 14 of Jackson's hits from her three previous albums; "Control" (1986), "Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814" (1989), "janet." (1993) as well as two newly recorded singles "Runaway" and "Twenty Foreplay".



All for You (Janet Jackson album)

All for You is the seventh studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. Released on April 24, 2001 by Virgin Records. The album was recorded during Jackson's separation from then-husband René Elizondo, Jr. The album is mainly more dance-pop tinged hip hop and R&B than her previous album "The Velvet Rope" (1997).


"All for You" was re-released with two additional remixes and a limited edition bonus DVD. It was announced on October 21, 2001 via "Billboard", and released on November 20, 2001. The new version features alternate artwork in addition to the "Flyte Tyme" single edit and Diddy remix of the album's third single, "Son of a Gun." It also includes a bonus DVD of Jackson's videography. It was intended to include a twenty-four page photo booklet of Jackson's All for You Tour, however, it was omitted for unknown reasons. The re-release contains the edited version of the album, which omits the song "Would You Mind."

The DVD, titled "Janet: The Virgin Years", includes fifteen music videos released throughout Jackson's involvement with Virgin Records, including the album's hits "Someone to Call My Lover" and "All for You." It also includes exclusive tour audition footage, in addition to behind-the-scenes clips and Jackson's performance on "MTV Icon: Janet Jackson". Promotional footage for each of her albums are featured, focusing on interviews and touring.




Damita Jo

Damita Jo is the eighth studio album by American singer Janet Jackson. It was released on March 30, 2004, by Virgin Records. The album takes its title from Jackson's middle name. The album was released after the famous Super Bowl XXXVIII wardrobe malfunction. The album continues on with the theme of sex that began with "janet." (1993) and features a more hip hop, funk and R&B feel to it.




In Person

In Person is the debut (and only) album of UK garage duo Sweet Female Attitude. It spawned the number two hit, "Flowers". Due to low sales of other singles, the album was only released in Germany. The albums music is mainly UK garage and R&B.


North Hollywood, Los Angeles

North Hollywood, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.

Ventura County, California

Ventura County is a county in the southern part of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2020 census, 843,843 people lived there. The county seat is Ventura.

Ventura County includes Oxnard-Thousand Oaks-Ventura, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also part of the Los Angeles-Long Beach, CA Combined Statistical Area. It is the southernmost county along the California Central Coast.


<br>

Boomerang (Six Flags St. Louis)

Boomerang is a boomerang roller coaster at Six Flags St. Louis in Eureka, Missouri. It opened on June 8, 2013.

Goliath (Six Flags Fiesta Texas)

Goliath is a steel inverted roller coaster located at Six Flags Fiesta Texas.

Six Flags Hurricane Harbor

Six Flags Hurricane Harbor is a water park of Six Flags Theme parks.


Bedford, Texas

Bedford, Texas is a suburban city in northeast Tarrant County, Texas, in the "Mid-Cities" area between Dallas and Fort Worth.

Public schools in Bedford are part of the Hurst-Euless-Bedford Independent School District.

Parlin, New Jersey

Parlin, New Jersey is an unincorporated community located within Old Bridge Township and Sayreville Borough in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP Code 08859.

Sayreville Station, New Jersey

Sayreville Station is an neighborhood in Sayreville in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.

Sayreville Junction, New Jersey

Sayreville Junction, New Jersey is an neighborhood located within Sayreville in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.

Bart Cummings

James Bartholomew Cummings (14 November 1927 – 30 August 2015) was an Australian racehorse trainer. He won the Melbourne Cup a record of twelve times, earning him the nickname "Cups King".

Cummings was born in Adelaide, South Australia. He married his wife Valmae (died 2017) in 1954. The couple had five children. His son Anthony and grandson James became trainers.

Cummings died on 30 August 2015 in Sydney, New South Wales. He was 87. His family accepted the offer of a state funeral by Premier of New South Wales Mike Baird.

Kyle Jean-Baptiste

Kyle Jean-Baptiste (December 3, 1993 – August 28, 2015) was an American Broadway actor. He was the youngest actor ever to play the role of Jean Valjean in "Les Misérables" on Broadway. He was also the first African-American to play that role on Broadway.

Jean-Baptiste died at age 21, after falling off a fire escape staircase at his mother's home in New York City.

Edd Byrnes

Edward Byrne Breitenberger (July 30, 1932 – January 8, 2020), known professionally as Edd Byrnes, was an American actor and singer. He was best known for his starring role in the television series "77 Sunset Strip" and for his role as "Grease" as Vince Fontaine. Byrnes was a recording artist, his best known work was "Kookie, Kookie (Lend Me Your Comb)".

Byrnes died of a suspected stroke on January 8, 2020 in Santa Monica, California at the age of 87.


Karlie Kloss

Karlie Kloss (born August 3, 1992) is an American model.

Karlie Kloss was born in Chicago. She moved to St. Louis at age two.

She was a Victoria's Secret Angel from 2013 to 2015. In 2015, she starred as Knockout in Taylor Swift's "Bad Blood" music video.

LGBT rights in New Zealand

Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights in New Zealand have improved a lot in recent years. In 2005 civil partnerships were legalised and 2013 same sex marriages were legalised. 

In the past, homosexuality was illegal in New Zealand. It was decriminalised (made legal) in 1986.

Age Ain't Nothing But a Number

Age Ain't Nothing but a Number is the debut studio album by American singer Aaliyah, released under Jive and Blackground Records on May 24, 1994, in the United States. The album was produced by fellow R&B singer R. Kelly (who also wrote most of the material for the album). It was around the time that both Aaliyah and R. Kelly secretly got married. The album features mainly R&B and hip hop songs that were influenced by the popular new jack swing genre.


One in a Million (Aaliyah album)

One in a Million is the second studio album by American R&B recording artist Aaliyah. It was released on August 27, 1996 by Blackground Records and Atlantic Records. The album was the first album that Aaliyah worked with rappers Missy Elliott and Timbaland.


Aaliyah (album)

Aaliyah is the third and final studio album by American R&B recording artist Aaliyah. It was released on July 7, 2001, by Blackground Records and Virgin Records. It was Aaliyah's last album to have been released during her lifetime. She had died in a plane crash the August of the same year.

Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.



Tewksbury Township, New Jersey

Tewksbury Township, New Jersey is a township of New Jersey

North Hills, Los Angeles

North Hills, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.


NoHo Arts District, Los Angeles

NoHo Arts District, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California that is located in the San Fernando Valley.

The LA Metro Rail has a subway station located in NoHo Arts District leading to Union Station.

I Care 4 U

I Care 4 U is a posthumous compilation album by American R&B recording artist Aaliyah. It was released on December 10, 2002, by Blackground Records and Universal Music. Following the release of Aaliyah's self-titled third studio album, she was involved in a plane crash while shooting the music video for the song "Rock the Boat" in the Bahamas. It features songs from all three of Aaliyah's studio albums as well as songs she recorded for various soundtrack albums.


Drivetrain

The drivetrain of a motor vehicle is the group of parts that deliver power to the wheels that move the vehicle. The drivetrain includes the transmission or transaxle, driveshafts, differentials, axles and wheels. It does not include the engine or motor that creates the power. In contrast, the powertrain includes the engine and the drivetrain. In order to transmit power from the engine to the rear wheels, the drivetrain uses some of that power to work. Drivetrain loss is the power lost, measured in horsepower, between what the engine generates and what is available at the wheels. As power is transmitted through the drivetrain, forces including inertia, drag and friction cause some power to be wasted. The more component parts power is transmitted through, the more power is lost. However each combination of drivetrain parts is different as to how much is lost. The automatic transmission wastes the most power of any drivetrain component.

Traction (engineering)

Traction, or tractive force, is the force used to generate motion between a body and a surface. This is usually due to friction, though the use of shear force of the surface is also commonly used.

Traction can also mean the maximum tractive force between a body and a surface, as limited by available friction. When this is the case, traction is often expressed as the ratio of the maximum tractive force to the normal force and is termed the "coefficient of traction" (similar to coefficient of friction).

Traction is an important force to motor vehicles. Tires, usually made of rubber, depend on traction to move a vehicle forward. In manual transmission cars and trucks, a clutch is a friction device that connects the engine to the drivetrain of the vehicle. To work properly, the clutch must have traction.

Stockholm Arlanda Airport

Stockholm Arlanda Airport (ARN) is an international airport between Uppsala and Stockholm. It was opened in 1962. It's the largest hub for Scandinavian Airlines. It is about 40 kilometers (25 miles) north of Stockholm. Arlanda has four terminals. Terminals 2 and 5 are for international flights. Terminal 3 is for regional airlines. Terminal 4 is for in-country or domestic flights.


Traction

Traction may refer to:




Hal Smith (actor)

Harold John Smith, known as Hal Smith (August 24, 1916 – January 28, 1994) was an American actor and voice actor who was best known for his role as Otis Campbell, the town drunk on CBS's "The Andy Griffith Show". He served in the US Army Air Corps in World War II. Before the Air Corps he was a band singer, a disc jockey, and a writer. After the war he moved to Hollywood. He was a voice actor for several cartoon shows. He also acted in various television roles. Smith appeared in several movies in the 1960s. During the 70s and 80s he worked for Disney and others, providing voices for cartoons. In 1994 he died of a heart attack at the age of 77.

Ghost Stories

Ghost Stories is the sixth hit studio album by rock-pop band Coldplay. The singles "Magic", "Midnight", "A Sky Full of Stars", "True Love" and "Ink"are featured in the album . The album was released in Summer 2014.

Arlington

Arlington might mean:


Wayne Dyer

Wayne Walter Dyer (May 10, 1940 – August 30, 2015) was an American self-help author and motivational speaker. His first book "Your Erroneous Zones" (1976) is one of the best-selling books of all time, with an estimated 35 million copies sold. 


Nelson Shanks

Nelson Shanks (December 23, 1937 – August 28, 2015) was an American artist and painter. His most famous work is likely his portrait of Diana, Princess of Wales, completed in 1996. The painting was first shown at Hirschl & Adler Gallery in New York City, April 24 to June 28, 1996.

Shanks died of prostate cancer at his home in Andalusia, Pennsylvania on August 28, 2015 at the age of 77.

Dance/Mix Show Airplay

The Dance/Mix Show Airplay (formerly Hot Dance Airplay) chart is a monitored chart in Billboard Magazine. It tracks airplay from radio stations in the United States. The chart was started on August 16, 2003 (as a unpublished chart). It became official the week of October 25, 2003. At first it had six stations who programed a full-time Dance format.<ref name="Billboard/Nielsen">'Billboard Charts', "Billboard", Vol. 123, No. 42 (November 19, 2011), p. 53</ref> In 2008 it became exclusive-only to "Billboard". The chart was renamed to Dance/Mix Show Airplay in November 2011. This is when it made its playlist available for viewing on BDS Radio's website. This included the selected Top 40, Rhythmic, and Adult Top 40 stations who submit their mix show hours to Billboard. A modified version was added to Billboard's website in January 2013. It featured 15 songs. Originally featuring 25 charted titles when it started in 2003, it was expanded finally to 40 songs in December 2014. It is available from Billboard and from BDS.

The first number one single on this chart was "Crazy In Love". It was by Beyoncé featuring Jay-Z for the week ending August 16, 2003 (Billboard would later the unpublished chart official in August 2018). When Billboard made the chart official the week ending October 25, 2003, "Just The Way You Are" by Milky was the first number-one single in the published chart.


Rhythmic Songs Chart

The Rhythmic Songs Chart is a monitored airplay chart in Billboard Magazine. The chart tracks the 40 most popular singles being played on 68 monitored rhythmic radio stations in the United States. Arbitron sometimes calls it rhythmic contemporary hit radio The chart was introduced on October 3, 1992, with "End of The Road" by Boyz II Men as the first number-one single.


Ultimate Aaliyah

Ultimate Aaliyah is the second compilation album by R&B singer Aaliyah. It was released on 10 May 2005 in the UK, Australia, and Japan (as "Special Edition: Rare Tracks and Visuals"). It includes two CDs and one DVD hat contains videos of Aaliyah.





Hugo Rasmussen

Hugo Rasmussen (22 March 1941 in Bagsværd - 30 August 2015) was a Danish bassist. He was best known for his 1978 album "Sweets to the Sweet". "Sweets To the Sweet" was re-released in 2001 on Danish label Music Mecca.

Edward Fadeley

Edward Norman Fadeley (December 13, 1929 – August 30, 2015) was an American attorney and former politician in the state of Oregon. 

He was the 88th Associate Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court. Previously he served in both the Oregon House of Representatives and the Oregon State Senate, serving one session as President of the Oregon Senate. 

Bone Wars

The Bone Wars was a period of fossil finding and discovery in the U.S.A during the late 19th century. Most of the action took place in Colorado, Nebraska, and Wyoming.

There was a heated rivalry between Edward Drinker Cope (of the Academy of Natural Sciences in Philadelphia) and Othniel Charles Marsh (of the Peabody Museum of Natural History at Yale). They used bribery, theft, and destruction of bones. Each scientist attacked the other in scientific publications, seeking to ruin his credibility and have his funding cut off.

Their search for fossils led them west to rich "bone beds" in the western United States. From 1877 to 1892, both paleontologists used their wealth and influence. They paid for their own expeditions, and the services and dinosaur bones from fossil hunters. By the end of the Bone Wars, both men had exhausted their funds in this way.

Cope and Marsh were financially and socially ruined by their attempts to disgrace each other. Their contributions to paleontology were massive and provided plenty of material for later work: both scientists left behind many unopened boxes of fossils after their deaths. 142 new species of dinosaurs were discovered and described by them, though today only 32 of their names are valid.

The products of the Bone Wars increased our knowledge of prehistoric life, and sparked the public's interest in dinosaurs. This led to more fossil excavation in North America in the decades that followed. Several historical books and fictional adaptations have been published about this period of intense fossil-hunting activity.

Between them, they discovered some of the most famous fossil sites in North America, such as the Morrison Formation at Como Bluff, Wyoming. The Morrison Formation extends into 13 states, and is still being searched wherever it outcrops onto the surface.

John Spellman

John Dennis Spellman (December 29, 1926 – January 16, 2018) was an American politician. Spellman was born in Seattle, Washington. He was the 18th Governor of Washington between 1981 and 1985 and the first King County Executive from 1969 to 1981. As of 2015, he was the last Republican to serve as Governor of Washington.

Spellman died on January 16, 2018 at a hospital in Seattle of pneumonia caused from a fall at the age of 91.

Daniel J. Evans

Daniel Jackson Evans (born October 16, 1925) is an American Republican politician. He was the Governor of the state of Washington for three terms from 1965 to 1977. He represented Washington in the United States Senate from 1983 to 1989.

Evans was born in Seattle, Washington. He was in the United States Navy during the later years of World War II. Evans studied at the University of Washington. He originally studied to be a structural engineer.

Evans was the 16th governor from 1965 until 1977. He is the only governor to serve three four-year terms in a row. A 1981 University of Michigan study named him one of the ten outstanding American governors of the 20th century. He chose not to run for a fourth term.

Serial killer Ted Bundy served as a campaign aide for Evans and maintained a close relationship with the Governor. During the 1972 campaign, Bundy followed Evans' Democratic opponent around the state, tape recording his speeches and reported back to Evans personally.

In 1983, Governor John Spellman appointed Evans to the United States Senate to fill a seat left vacant by the death of longtime senator Henry M. Jackson. Evans won a special election later that year against Mike Lowry and filled the remainder of Jackson's unexpired term, retiring from politics after the 1988 elections. He was not happy as a U.S. Senator; he wrote an April 1988 piece in "The New York Times Magazine", "Why I'm Quitting the Senate", in which he complained of fighting and lack of action.

Evans was seriously considered for the Republican vice presidential nomination on the ticket with Gerald Ford in 1976 (but lost out to Bob Dole). Richard Nixon in 1968 had also hinted at a possible Evans nomination for the vice presidency.

At the 1968 Republican National Convention (where he gave the keynote address) Evans refused to endorse Nixon for the presidential nomination, remaining a supporter of the unsuccessful candidacy of Nelson Rockefeller.

Evans married Nancy Bell in 1959. Together, they had three sons, Daniel Jr., Mark and Bruce. 

Nancy Evans, died in January 2024 from breast cancer at age 90.


Ichnology

Ichnology is the study of trace fossils of once-living things.

Burrows, trackways, trails and borings are all examples of traces made by organisms. Scientists study traces made by plants and animals to try to determine their behavior. An ichnologist is a scientist whose area of study and research is ichnology.

A species name given to a fossil is called an ichnospecies. It is written in italics with a initial. It is shown to be an ichnospecies by the abbreviation "isp".


Edward Douglas-Scott-Montagu, 3rd Baron Montagu of Beaulieu

Edward John Barrington Douglas-Scott-Montagu, 3rd Baron Montagu of Beaulieu (20 October 1926 – 31 August 2015) was a British Conservative politician. He was best known for founding the National Motor Museum in Beaulieu, Hampshire. Montagu, who was bisexual, was also known for being convicted and imprisoned for homosexual sex in 1954. He was a member of the House of Lords from 7 November 1947 until his death.

Montagu was born in London. His father, John, died when Edward was aged two in 1929. He was married twice, first to Belinda Crossley and later to Fiona Margaret Herbert. He had three children, two sons and a daughter.

Montagu died after a short illness on 31 August 2015 at his Beaulieu Estate in the New Forest, Hampshire. He was 88.

Bibb Falk

Bibb Falk was a major league baseball player for the Chicago White Sox. He was born in Austin, Texas. He died in Austin, Texas.

Bibb Falk was born on January 27, 1899 in Austin, Texas. He went to college at the University of Texas, where he played baseball and football. In 1920, he joined the Chicago White Sox, a major league baseball team from Chicago, Illinois. He began his career as a "spare outfielder", which is an extra player for the team. However, he later replaced "Shoeless Joe" Jackson, who played left-field for the team. He spent twelve seasons in major league baseball.

After he retired from major league baseball, Falk coached baseball for several teams, including the Cleveland Indians and Boston Red Sox. He then coached the baseball team at the University of Texas for several years.

Bibb Falk died in Austin, Texas on June 8, 1989 at age 90.

Sayre Woods, New Jersey

Sayre Woods is a neighborhood located within Sayreville in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.

Sayerwood South, New Jersey

Sayerwood South or Sayrewood South is an unincorporated community located within Old Bridge Township in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.

List of people from Maryland

The following is a list of people from Maryland, a state in the United States. This list may not include federal officials and members of the United States Congress who live in Maryland but were not born there.











List of people from California

California is a state in the western United States. It has more people than any other state in the United States. If California was a separate country, it would have the sixth largest economy in the world. California is probably the state with the most ethnic groups.




























List of people from San Francisco

The people listed below were all born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with San Francisco, California.





The following Major League Baseball players were born in San Francisco:








See also List of mayors of San Francisco, California




List of people from Missouri

The following are people who were either born/raised or have lived for a significant period of time in Missouri.








List of people from St. Louis

This is a list of famous residents of St. Louis or St. Louis County, Missouri. The dates in parentheses signify lifespan, not necessarily dates of actual residence in the city.

























List of people from Springfield, Missouri

This is a list of notable people born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with the city of Springfield, Missouri and its surrounding metropolitan area.






Eureka, Missouri

Eureka is a city of St. Louis County, Missouri.


St. Louis County, Missouri

St. Louis County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Clayton. In 2020, 1,004,125 people lived there.

List of people from St. Joseph, Missouri

This is a list of notable people born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with the city of St. Joseph, Missouri.

List of people from Columbia, Missouri

This is a list of the people born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with the American city of Columbia, Missouri, and its surrounding metropolitan area. 

Many people have lived in Columbia temporarily, while attending one of the city's institutions of higher education; such people are not included in this list. For lists of people who attended college in Columbia see: 






List of people from Kansas City, Missouri

This is a list of people who were born or lived a significant part of their lives in Kansas City, Missouri or the Kansas City Metropolitan Area.
Darrell Stuckey - NFL - San Diego Chargers 


List of people from Sedalia, Missouri

The following is a list of people who were born in, have lived in, or are otherwise associated with American city of Sedalia, Missouri; they are known as Sedalians.

In addition to what follows, a list of more than fifty Sedalia "Old Timers", who had met at the Sedalia Courthouse on the previous evening, was published in the December 12, 1893, issue of the "Sedalia Bazoo"; the list indicated when they had arrived in Sedalia, and from whence they had come.

The following have been mayors of Sedalia:




List of people from Long Beach, California

The following notable people were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with the city of Long Beach, California.


List of people from Chula Vista, California

The following notable people were born in, residents of, attended an education institution in, or otherwise closely associated with the city of Chula Vista, California. Notation next to name is not what they are notable for, but how they are connected to the city.






















List of people from Orange County, California

The following is a list of notable Orange County residents, past and present:


List of people from San Diego, California

This is a list of famous people who were born, spent a majority of their life, or currently live in San Diego, California, USA.






















List of people from Teaneck, New Jersey

The following is a list of noted current and former residents of Teaneck, New Jersey.

(B) denotes that the person was born in Teaneck.












Deaths in September 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in September 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Julián Pastor

Julián Pastor Llaneza (18 October 1943 – 24 August 2015) was a Mexican movie director, actor, screenwriter, editor, and photographer. He was known for directing the movie "No One Writes to the Colonel". Pastor was born in Mexico City.

Pastor died in Mexico City at the age of 71.

Gurgen Dalibaltayan

Gurgen Dalibaltayan (; 5 June 1926 – 1 September 2015) was an Armenian military commander. He was the Chief of General Staff of Armenian Armed Forces during the Battle of Shusha on 8–9 May 1992. The battle took place during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.

Dalibaltayan was born in Bogdanovka, Javakheti, Georgian SSR (present-day Ninotsminda, Samtskhe-Javakheti, Georgia). He was married to Shushanik Dalibaltayan (née Khachatryan). They have two children, a daughter Varduhi (b. 1952) and a son Varazdat (b. 1954).

Dalibaltayan died on 1 September 2015 in Yerevan, aged 89.

Alan Menken

Alan Irwin Menken (born July 22, 1949) is an American composer, songwriter, singer, conductor, music director and record producer. Menken is best known for his scores and songs for movies produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. 

His scores and songs for "The Little Mermaid" (1989), "Beauty and the Beast" (1991), "Aladdin" (1992), and "Pocahontas" (1995) have each won him two Academy Awards. 

He also composed the scores and songs for "Little Shop of Horrors" (1986), "Newsies" (1992), "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1996), "Hercules" (1997), "Home on the Range" (2004), "Enchanted" (2007) and "Tangled" (2010).


Playtime Is Over (mixtape)

Playtime Is Over is the debut mixtape by Trinidan-American rapper Nicki Minaj. It was released on July 5, 2007 by Young Money Entertainment and Dirty Money Entertainment. The mixtape includes guest appearances from Hell Red, Red Café, Murda Mook, Ransom, Gravy, Lil Wayne, Angel De-mar, and Ru Spits. Before releasing the mixtape, Minaj released five songs with rap group the Hoodstars. She left the group to start up a solo career. She used to upload songs on her Myspace page. With that she met Fendi, CEO for Brooklyn label Dirty Money Entertainment. Through that she met Lil Wayne who saw her appearance on the DVD "The Come Up".

Sucka Free

Sucka Free is the second mixtape by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. The album was released on April 12, 2008 through Young Money Entertainment and Dirty Money Records. "Sucka Free" features guest appearances from fellow rappers Lil Wayne, Gucci Mane, Jadakiss, Lil' Kim; a person who Minaj would argue with later on in her career and Ransom.

Just after Minaj's previous mixtape, "Playtime Is Over", was released in 2007, Minaj released "Sucka Free" with label mate Lil Wayne after he saw her on the Queens-made DVD series called "The Come Up".<ref name="Billboard - Nicki/Wayne Tour"></ref> Lil' Wayne helped Minaj with making the mixtape.

Beam Me Up Scotty (mixtape)

Beam Me Up Scotty is the third mixtape by Trinidadian-American rapper artist Nicki Minaj; it was released on April 18, 2009 by Trapaholics Records. It features guest verses from rappers Bobby V, Brinx, Busta Rhymes, Drake, Gucci Mane, Gudda Gudda, Jae Millz, Lil Wayne, Red Café, Ricky Blaze, Rocko, Ron Browz, and Shanell.


M. M. Kalburgi

Malleshappa Madivalappa Kalburgi (; 28 November 1938 – 30 August 2015) was an Indian scholar of Vachana sahitya (Vachana literature) and academic. He was the vice-chancellor of Kannada University in Hampi. A noted epigraphist of Kannada, he was awarded the National Sahitya Akademi award in 2006 for "Marga 4", a collection of his research articles.

Kalburgi was shot dead in the morning of 30 August 2015 at his residence in Dharwad district of Karnataka by two unidentified men.

Volkswagen Golf Mk7

The Volkswagen Golf Mk7 is the seventh generation of the compact car Volkswagen Golf. It succeeded the Mk6 in 2009.

2 door GTI
4 door GTI
4 door TDI
4 door SportWagen
4 door R
4 door base
2 door base
4 door eGolf

Harry Hughes

Harry Roe Hughes (November 13, 1926 – March 13, 2019) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Hughes was the 57th Governor of Maryland from 1979 to 1987.

Hughes died at his home in Denton, Maryland from pneumonia-related problems on March 13, 2019 at the age of 92.

In My Mind (Pharrell Williams album)

In My Mind is the first studio album by American recording artist Pharrell Williams. It was released on July 25, 2006. The album features the hit single "Can I Have It Like That" which features singer Gwen Stefani. The album is mainly a hip hop album with a bit of R&B.

The album received generally mixed reviews from music critics.

All songs produced by Pharrell Williams.
The album was nominated for Best Rap Album at the 2007 Grammy Awards. It lost to "Release Therapy" by Ludacris.


Ciara: The Evolution

Ciara: The Evolution (simply known as The Evolution) is the second studio album by American recording artist Ciara, released on December 5, 2006, by LaFace Records. It was released two years after Ciara's debut "Goodies". The album features guest appearances from fellow R&B singer-songwriter R. Kelly who featured on the remix to the lead single "Promise", rappers Chamillionaire, 50 Cent and Lil' Jon.

"Ciara: The Evolution" received mixed reviews from music critics.




Basic Instinct (album)

Basic Instinct is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Ciara. It was released on December 10, 2010, by LaFace Records and Jive Records. Executively produced by A&R agent Mark Pitts, Ciara, Tricky Stewart and The-Dream, "Basic Instinct" returns Ciara to her urban roots with mid-tempo R&B, hip hop and dance songs.

"Basic Instinct" received, on average, positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 72.


Credits for "Basic Instinct" adapted from Allmusic.


List of people from Arizona

The following are people who were either born/raised or have lived for a significant period of time in the state of Arizona and/or the Arizona Territory.













List of people from Colorado

This is a list of people from the state of Colorado, whether they lived, were born, or were raised there.
Coloradans have been prominent in many fields, including literature, entertainment, art, music, politics, and business. This list attempts to maintain biographical notability of significant Coloradans, and to organize historically important men and women hailing from Colorado.















List of people from Texas

The following are notable people who were either born, raised or have lived for a significant period of time in the U.S. state of Texas.














"Please consider adding notable Texas women to other categories on this page that specifically concern their areas of notability."










































A–M



























"See also the listings on this page for individual areas of specialization (e.g., Literature, Science/medicine, Music)"









Sustainable Development Goals

The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are created by the United Nations and promoted as the Global Goals for Sustainable Development. They replaced the Millennium Development Goals that expired at the end of 2015. The SDGs run from 2015 to 2030. There are 17 goals and 169 specific targets for those goals.

In August of 2015, 193 countries agreed to the following 17 goals:


Mylo Xyloto

Mylo Xyloto is the fifth studio album by Coldplay. The album was released on October 25, 2011. It was fifth and final studio album of label Capitol Records.

Antonio Nirta

Antonio Nirta (22 April 1919 – 1 September 2015) was an Italian criminal. He was the boss of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organization in Calabria. He was born in San Luca, and, together with his brothers Giuseppe, Francesco and Sebastiano, ruled the comune.

Nirta died on 1 September 2015 in Benestare, Province of Reggio Calabria. He was 96.

Aleksandar Stipčević

Aleksandar Stipčević (10 October 1930 – 1 September 2015) was a Croatian archeologist, bibliographer, librarian and historian. He was best known for studying the Illyrians. He wrote several works on the Illyrians. He was a full professor at the University of Zagreb from 1987 until his retirement in 1997.

Stipčević was born in the village of Arbanasi near Zadar (then Zara, Kingdom of Italy). He was of Albanian ancestry.

Stipčević died on 1 September 2015 in Zagreb, aged 84.

Some of them are translated to other languages.

He was the editor-in-chief of the second volume of the "Croatian Biographical Lexicon" (1983–1989).

Willy Stähle

Willy Juana Stähle (16 June 1954 – 27 August 2015) was a Dutch world water skiing champion. She won a gold for women's figure skiing and a silver medal for women's slalom at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany. She was the Dutch Sportswoman of the Year in 1971.

Stähle was born in Amsterdam. Her death was announced on 1 September 2015.

Japandroids

Japandroids is a Canadian rock band from Vancouver, British Columbia. 

The band was formed in 2006 by Brian King and David Prowse. King and Prowse met each other in 2000 while they were attending the University of Victoria in Victoria. They started going to live shows together regularly in Victoria and Vancouver after they found out that they had a mutual interest in music. In 2003, Prowse moved to Vancouver and transferred to Simon Fraser University. After King graduated in 2005, he moved to Vancouver to form the band with Prowse. The band was influenced by The Sonics and they started writing music in 2006. The band got their name from a combination of two other band name ideas: Japanese Scream and Pleasure Droids.

The band self-released two EPs: "All Lies" in 2007 and "Lullaby Death Jams" in 2008. The EPs were only limited to 500 copies each but were re-released as a compilation titled "No Singles" in 2010.

Their first studio album titled "Post-Nothing" was released on April 28, 2009 through Unfamiliar Records and re-released on August 4, 2009 on Polyvinyl Record Co. In March 2009, the website Pitchfork Media named the song "Young Hearts Spark Fire" as a 'Best New Track'. This helped the band gain more recognition outside of Canada.

The band's second studio album "Celebration Rock" was released on June 5, 2012. The album's first single "The House That Heaven Built" was released on May 15, 2012.

The album received positive reviews. Ian Cohen of Pitchfork said, "Japandroids have gone from having almost none at all [lyrics] to packing their songs with an astonishing command of legend and literalism that all but dares you to feel "something"." Spin named Japandroids 2012's "Band of the Year" and rated the album a 9 out of 10. Rolling Stone rated it a 4 out of 5 and listed the album as #10 on their "The 10 Coolest Summer Albums of All Time" list.




Opus isodomum

Opus isodomum is an ancient technique of wall building. It uses perfectly cut, completely regular square stone blocks of equal height, and sometimes of the same length.

In classical antiquity this technique was perfected and widely used, especially for public buildings (temples, theaters, amphitheaters etc.). One of the most well-known examples is the Parthenon.

Vitruvius briefly described this technique in his De Architectura, 2nd book, 8th chapter as following: "A wall is called “isodomum“ when all the courses are of equal height".

Vitruvius further states that the stone blocks of opus isodomum are bound together by mortar, but more often they are not connected with mortar but with metal ties such as iron cramps, fixed in stone blocks with molten lead.

Completely regular isodomum is relatively rare, especially in the provinces. More frequent is isodomum made of stone blocks of the same height but not of the same length. In order to strengthen this type of wall, builders always take good care that the ends of stone blocks in alternating courses of the wall do not match.

Opus pseudoisodomum is a version of opus isodomum mentioned by Vitruvius, describing that it is a kind of stonemasonery in which "the rows of courses do not match but run unequally", referring to the height and length of the blocks, which are nevertheless still perfectly cut.

Vitruvius considered both types of wall construction as Greek, emphasizing that "both kinds are strong".


Vasto

Vasto (; Latin: Histonium, Istonium, and Histonios; formerly also, Guastaymonis, Il Vasto, and Il Vasto d'Ammone) is a town and "comune". It is on the Adriatic coast of the Province of Chieti in southern Abruzzo, Italy. The population is now just over 40,000.

VH1 Storytellers (Kanye West album)

VH1 Storytellers is the second live album by American hip hop artist Kanye West. It was released on January 5, 2010 by Roc-A-Fella Records. The album was recorded live in February 2009.


The Alesha Show

The Alesha Show is the second studio album from British recording artist Alesha Dixon, the album is her first album to be released in the United Kingdom. It was released on 24 November 2008 in the UK by Asylum Records. The album was billed in Dixon's full name of Alesha Dixon. The album is mainly a R&B album with soul and funk styles.

A deluxe edition of the album was released on 23 November 2009, entitled The Alesha Show – Encore. The first single from the "Encore" edition was "To Love Again". All the singles released from the album, including the "Encore" edition, reached the top 15 on the UK Singles Chart.

"The Alesha Show" received mainly good reviews from music critics.

"Don't Ever Let Me Go" samples "Paper Aeroplane" by Angus and Julia Stone.


Victor Navasky

Victor Saul Navasky (born July 5, 1932) is an American journalist, editor, publisher, and author. He is a professor at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism. He was editor of "The Nation" from 1978 until 1995, and its publisher and editorial director 1995 to 2005.

Dave Foley

David Scott "Dave" Foley (born January 4, 1963) is a Canadian actor, stand-up comedian, director, producer and writer. He is best known for his work in "The Kids in the Hall", "NewsRadio" and the voice of Flik in the 1998 film "A Bug's Life".

Foley was born in Etobicoke, Ontario. His mother, Mary, was a homemaker. His father, Michael, was a pipefitter. His father is of Irish descent, and his mother is of English, Irish, Scottish and Welsh descent.

Dean Jones (actor)

Dean Carroll Jones (January 25, 1931 – September 1, 2015) was an American actor. He was born in Decatur, Alabama.

Jones was best known for his light-hearted leading roles in several Walt Disney movies between 1965 and 1977. He was known for his roles in "The Love Bug" and in "Beethoven". 

Jones died from Parkinson's disease in Los Angeles, California, aged 84.


Cinderella Man

Cinderella Man is a 2005 American biographical drama movie. It was directed by Ron Howard and it was produced by Brian Grazer, Ron Howard, and Penny Marshall. "Cinderella Man" was released on June 3, 2005.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 80% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Due to a low opening, AMC Theatres advertised on June 24, 2005 that it would offer a refund to any ticket-buyer dissatisfied with the film to try and help boost ticket sales.


Michael Wenning

Michael Harold Wenning (July 5, 1935 – June 28, 2011) was an South African-born American Presbyterian minister. From 1969 to 1977, he was pastor of a Presbyterian church in Durban, South Africa. He was known for performing President Reagan's state funeral.

Wenning was born in Cape Town, South Africa. He studied at Texas Christian University and at New York University.

From 1969 to 1977, he was pastor of a Presbyterian church in Durban, South Africa. In 1977 he returned to the United States where he worked for the next three decades as a pastor in various Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) congregations, including one in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Wenning died at his home in Mission Viejo, California from kidney failure caused by leukemia, aged 75.

Boomer Castleman

Owens Boomer Castleman (July 18, 1945 – September 1, 2015), better known by his stage name Boomer Castleman, was an American singer-songwriter and guitarist. He and Michael Martin Murphey teamed up to make the pop music group The Lewis & Clarke Expedition in the 1960s. His single "Judy Mae" peaked at #33 in the US charts. He also founded the independent country music record label BNA Records which he later sold to BMG Music. He invented the palm pedal.

Castleman was born in Los Angeles, California. He grew up in Farmers Branch and Dallas, Texas. He had two daughters.

Castleman died from cancer on September 1, 2015 in Nashville, Tennessee. He was 70.


Ken Cuccinelli

Kenneth Thomas "Ken" Cuccinelli II ( ; born July 30, 1968) is an American politician. 

In June 2019, President Donald Trump appointed him to be acting Director of the Citizenship and Immigration Services office. He is a former Attorney General of Virginia. In November 2019, he became United States Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security.

He was the Republican candidate for Governor of Virginia in the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election.

He was elected as Virginia's 46th Attorney General in the November 2009 general election. From 2002 until January 16, 2010 he was a Republican member of the Senate of Virginia, representing the 37th district in Fairfax County. He holds degrees in engineering, law and commercial policy, and co-founded a law firm.


George Ariyoshi

George Ryoichi Ariyoshi (有吉良一; born March 12, 1926) is an American politician. He served as the third Governor of Hawaii from 1974 to 1986. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He became governor when John A. Burns was stepped down.

Ariyoshi was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. His parents were Japanese immigrants. He studied at the University of Michigan. He served in the United States Army during World War II.

When he was elected, Ariyoshi became the first American of Asian descent to be elected governor of a state of the United States.

Ariyoshi's administration was marked by fiscal conservatism as the post-statehood economic boom came to an end. He guided the state through its first economic recession. He has gathered some criticism for having only people with Japanese surnames on his staff, many were relatives.

He also holds the record as the longest-serving state governor in Hawaii, a record likely to remain unbroken because of term limits enacted after his tenure. Ariyoshi is now considered an elder statesman of the Democratic Party of Hawaii.

Ariyoshi married Jean Miya Hayashi in 1955. They have a daughter, Lynn, born in 1957; and two sons, Ryozo, born in 1959, and Donn, 1961.


Charles Gyamfi

Charles Kumi Gyamfi (4 December 1929 – 2 September 2015) was a Ghanaian footballer and coach. He became the first African to play in Germany when he joined Fortuna Düsseldorf in 1960, and later became the first coach to lead the Ghana national football team to an Africa Cup of Nations victory. As coach of the Ghana national football team, he won the African Cup of Nations three times (1963, 1965 and 1982), making him the most successful coach in the competition's history.

Gyamfi died in Accra, Ghana at the age of 85.

Minister

Minister may refer to:


Aleksander Mandziara

Aleksander Mandziara (16 August 1940 – 2 September 2015), also known as Alfons Mandziara, was a Polish football player and coach. He played for ŁTS Łabędy, Flocie Gdynia, Szombierki Bytom, NAC Breda, and GKS Tychy. He managed GKS Tychy, Pogoń Szczecin, Rot-Weiss Essen, BSC Young Boys, FC Biel/Bienne, LASK Linz, FC Stahl Linz, SV Darmstadt 98, and FC Bern. He was born in Gliwice.

Mandziara died on 2 September 2015, aged 75.

Mis-Teeq

Mis-Teeq were an English R&B and UK garage girl group. The members were lead singer Sabrina Washington, rapper Alesha Dixon and backing vocalist Su-Elise Nash. A fourth member, Zena McNally, performed on only one song, "Why" (the group's first song). She left soon after to start a solo career.

The group only released two studio albums, "Lickin' on Both Sides" and "Eye Candy". They released a self titled album in the United States in 2004. That album had songs from the group's first two albums. There was also a greatest hits album released in 2005. The group broke up in 2005 after their label went out of business. All of the group's singles reached the UK top 40.

Ever since the group broke up in 2005, there have been rumors about the group releasing more music. On 9 February 2011, it was reported that the group were in talks to do a comeback tour. This was denied by Dixon. Two years later, Dixon said that she would never rule out a reunion.


Jeremy Corbyn

Jeremy Bernard Corbyn (born 26 May 1949) is a British politician. He was the Leader of the Labour Party and Leader of the Opposition from 2015 to 2020. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Islington North since 1983. He was elected Leader of the Labour Party in 2015. Corbyn calls himself a democratic socialist.

Corbyn was born in Chippenham in Wiltshire. Before becoming a politician, he worked as a representative for many trade unions. He was elected to Haringey Council in 1974. He was later secretary of the Islington Constituency Labour Party (CLP). He entered the House of Commons as an MP.

Corbyn won many awards for his work as an international human rights activist. As an MP, he is known for his activism and for voting against the Labour whip when the party was in government under New Labour leaders Tony Blair and Gordon Brown. Corbyn works in support of the anti-austerity movement and stopping austerity cuts to public sector and welfare funding made since 2010.

During his career, he has worked to stop big businesses and very rich people avoiding tax. He has been an anti-war and anti-nuclear activist. Corbyn supports a foreign policy of military non-interventionism and a unilateral policy of nuclear disarmament. This means he wants all countries to stop building nuclear weapons. Corbyn is a member of the Socialist Campaign Group, the Palestine Solidarity Campaign, Amnesty International and the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND). He was the national chair of the Stop the War Coalition from June 2011 until September 2015.

After Labour's defeat in the 2015 general election and the resignation of Ed Miliband, Corbyn announced his candidacy for the leadership of the Labour Party on 6 June 2015. Although many people did not believe he would win, he won enough votes to become the lead candidate. He won many votes from trade unions who supported the Labour Party, as well as left wing activists. He was elected Leader of the Labour Party on 12 September 2015 after winning 59.5% of the votes in the first round of the ballot.

In June 2016, after the events of the "leave" vote in the EU referendum, Labour MPs passed a vote of no confidence in Corbyn. It passed by 172 votes to 40 following the resignation of around two-thirds of Corbyn's Shadow cabinet. He then faced a second leadership contest, against Angela Eagle and Owen Smith. However, in July 2016, Eagle dropped out of the race leaving Smith and Corbyn as the only candidates. On 24 September 2016, Corbyn won the leadership contest against Smith with an increased majority of 61.8%.

After the 2017 general election was announced, Corbyn said he was ready to offer a "real alternative" to the Conservative government. In the election, the Labour Party gained 32 seats, but the Conservatives remained the largest Party.

In 2019, Corbyn created a plan to prevent a no-deal Brexit, which involved creating a temporary caretaker government and then campaigning for a "public vote on the terms of leaving the European Union, including an option to Remain". He has publicly criticized antisemitism within the Labour Party, however many believe than Corbyn is responsible for some antisemitic attacks within the party. In the 2019 general election, Labour suffered its worst defeat since 1935, lowering its seats held to just over 200. Corbyn said that he would not lead Labour into the next election, causing a leadership contest, where Sir Keir Starmer won the contest and replaced Corbyn on 4 April 2020.

Corbyn was suspended from the Labour Party on 29 October 2020 after he said that he would not accept what the Equality and Human Rights Commission found about antisemitism. He was given party membership again a month later, however his party whip remains suspended until February 2021.

Corbyn was born at Chippenham Cottage Hospital in Chippenham, Wiltshire. He was raised in Kington St Michael in Wiltshire. The youngest of four sons, he is the brother of Piers Corbyn. His mother, Naomi Josling, was a math teacher. His father, David Benjamin Corbyn was an electrical engineer. His parents were peace activists. When Corbyn was seven, the family moved to Pave Lane in Shropshire, where his father bought Yew Tree Manor (renamed Yew Tree Guesthouse), turning it into a family home.

Corbyn studied at the Castle House Preparatory School near Newport, Shropshire. He then went to Adams' Grammar School. In school, Corbyn said that he received bad grades and his teacher told him that he was never going to make anything of himself. Corbyn worked as a reporter for a short time for local newspaper, the "Newport and Market Drayton Advertiser". He went to the University of North London for a year before dropping out without an educational degree.

At around the age of 19, Corbyn spent two years volunteering in Jamaica as a geography teacher.

Corbyn worked as an union official of the National Union of Tailors and Garment Workers. He became a member of a district health authority in the early years of the 1970s. In 1974, he was elected to Haringey Council, representing Harringay as councillor until 1983. Corbyn worked on Tony Benn's deputy leadership campaign in 1981.

Corbyn was chosen as the Labour Party candidate for his local seat in Islington North in 1982. Around this time, he became involved with "London Labour Briefing", where he was a contributor and member of the editorial board during the 1980s. It has been reported that he served as its general secretary for some time.

In 1983, he was elected Member of Parliament for Islington North. After winning, he joined the Socialist Campaign Group. He sat on the Parliamentary London Regional Select Committee from 1983 to 1987. He sat on the Social Security Select Committee from 1992 to 1997, the London Regional Select Committee for a second time from 2009 to 2010, and the Justice Select Committee from 2010 to 2015.

Corbyn has won re-elections as Member of Parliament for Islington North seven times. In the 2015 election, when he won 60.24% of the votes cast and a majority of 21,194. During his career, he voted against the whip 428 times while Labour was in power.

In 1990, Corbyn almost went to jail for not paying his taxes as protest to a new tax system in Scotland.

In October 2001, Corbyn was elected to the steering committee of the Stop the War Coalition, which was formed to oppose the Afghanistan War which started later that year. He helped organise the February anti-Iraq War protest which was claimed to be the largest such protest in British political history. In 2006, Corbyn was one of 12 Labour MPs to support Plaid Cymru and the Scottish National Party's call for a parliamentary inquiry into the Iraq War. He was elected chair of the coalition in succession to Andrew Murray in September 2011, but resigned in September 2015.

Corbyn has always opposed weapons of mass destruction (WMD) and is a long-time supporter of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND). He was criticised for inviting Gerry Adams and other members of Sinn Féin to the Palace of Westminster in 1984, weeks after the Brighton hotel bombing by the PIRA.

Corbyn was chair of the All-party parliamentary group (APPG) on the Chagos Islands, chair of the APPG on Mexico, Vice-Chair of the APPG on Latin America and vice-chair of the APPG on human rights. He has supported the rights for the Chagossians. He is known for his Venezuelan solidarity activism.

Following the Labour Party's defeat at the general election on 7 May 2015, Ed Miliband resigned as its party leader. His resignation caused the party to have a leadership election.

On 2 June, it was reported in media sources that Corbyn was thinking of applying to be a candidate. The next day, Corbyn announced to his local newspaper, "The Islington Tribune", that he would become a candidate in the election. Before he could become a candidate he had to secure at least 35 nominations from MPs. In the end he got 36. Some of the MPs who nominated him didn't think he would win and only nominated him to have a 'broader debate'.

Some, including former foreign secretary Margaret Becket, told journalists they regretted the decision. When he was accepted as a candidate Corbyn said: "This decision is in response to an overwhelming call by Labour Party members who want to see a broader range of candidates and a thorough debate about the future of the party. I am standing to give Labour Party members a voice in this debate". He would run against candidates Yvette Cooper, Andy Burnham and Liz Kendall.

Corbyn was elected party leader in a landslide victory on 12 September 2015 with 59.5% of first-preference votes in the first round of voting. It has been said that Corbyn would have won in the first round with 51% of votes. Corbyn's 40.5% majority was larger than that won by Tony Blair in 1994.

After being elected leader on 12 September 2015, Corbyn became Leader of the Official Opposition. On 14 September 2015, his seat in the Privy Council was announced. During his time as leader, Corbyn wanted to stop the "theatrical" nature of the House of Commons. His first months as leader was called as "a good start" and a "long overdue" change by "The Guardian". He made his first annual address as leader on 29 September 2015. As Leader of the Opposition, he was made a member of the Privy Council on 11 November 2015. The phrase, "Corbynmania", is used for the large amount of support given by his supporters.

On 16 June 2016, MP Jo Cox was assassinated after being stabbed multiple times by far-right supporter Thomas Mair. In the aftermath of the assassination, Corbyn described Cox as someone who was "dedicated to getting us to live up to our promises to support the developing world and strengthen human rights".

In June 2017, Corbyn made an appearance at the 2017 Glastonbury Festival, where he addressed the crowd. The crowd chanted "Oh, Jeremy Corbyn" and sang to the tune of "Seven Nation Army", a song by The White Stripes. Corbyn talked about the importance of young people going out and vote.

After members of ISIS carried out terrorist attacks in Paris in November 2015, Corbyn said that the only way to deal with the threat by ISIS would be to reach a political settlement and ending the Syrian Civil War. Corbyn voted against military power and airstrikes on ISIS.

In June 2016, Corbyn said he supported the United Kingdom staying in the European Union. After the United Kingdom voted on leaving the European Union, many Labour leaders wanted Corbyn to resign.

After the referendum, many members of Corbyn's Shadow cabinet resigned because they did not like Corbyn's leadership. Hilary Benn called Corbyn to tell him that he had "lost confidence" in his leadership. Corbyn later asked for his resignation from the Shadow Cabinet on 26 June. Heidi Alexander resigned from the Shadow Cabinet hours later, followed by Gloria de Piero, Ian Murray, Lilian Greenwood, Lucy Powell, Kerry McCarthy, Seema Malhotra, Vernon Coaker, Charlie Falconer, and Chris Bryant. Other Shadow Cabinet Ministers, including John McDonnell, Andy Burnham, Diane Abbott, Jon Trickett, Angela Smith, Emily Thornberry and Lord Bassam of Brighton have either supported Corbyn's leadership directly or have said that it was not a good time for a "rebellion". By mid-afternoon 27 June 2016, 23 of the 31 shadow cabinet members had resigned their roles as did seven parliamentary private secretaries.

On 28 June 2016, he lost the vote of confidence by Labour Party MPs by 172–40. He said with a statement that the motion had no "constitutional legitimacy" and that he intended to continue as the elected leader.

A YouGov poll of Labour party members found that about 50% expected to support Corbyn if a leadership ballot was called. London Mayor Sadiq Khan, who did not take a side in the dispute, said "When Labour splits, when we're divided, we lose elections". The division between Corbyn and the Labour parliamentary party continued.

On 11 July 2016, Angela Eagle announced her candidacy to run against Corbyn in the upcoming 2016 Labour Party leadership election. On 13 July former shadow minister Owen Smith also announced his leadership challenge. On the 19 July, Eagle quit the race after Smith got 90 nominations to her 70. Eagle said she resigned 'in the best interests of the party.' This was because having two anti Corbyn candidates in the race could split the vote and give him a better chance of winning.

On 24 September 2016, following the leadership contest, Corbyn was re-elected as the leader of the party again with an increased majority of 61.8%.

The Chilcot report of the Iraq Inquiry was issued on 6 July 2016. It criticised the former Labour PM Tony Blair for joining the United States in the war against Iraq. Corbyn was against the war in Iraq. In response, Corbyn apologised to the people of Iraq, families of British soldiers who died and to the British people.

After the election of Donald Trump in the 2016 United States presidential elections, Corbyn said that he believes that Trump is not solving problems, but dividing the United States. Corbyn also said he supports the idea for Trump to be banned from visiting the United Kingdom over his executive order on banning visitors from certain majority-Muslim countries from entering the United States.

In June 2019, Corbyn refused an invitation to attend a state banquet for Donald Trump, hosted by Queen Elizabeth II during the president's June visit to the United Kingdom. Corbyn then attended a London protest outside Trump and May's joint press conference and requested a meeting with Trump to talk about issues such as the "climate emergency, threats to peace and the refugee crisis". Trump rejected the request, saying that Corbyn was a "negative force".

In January 2017, Corbyn announced that he would support a three-line plan to force Labour MPs in support of triggering Article 50, which would start the removal of the United Kingdom from the European Union. In response, many Labour members said they would vote against the bill. Tulip Siddiq, the shadow minister for early years, and Jo Stevens, the Shadow Welsh Secretary resigned in protest. On 1 February, forty seven Labour MPs went against Corbyn's plan on the second reading of the bill.

At the 2017 local elections in May, Labour under Corbyn lost almost 400 councillors and control of Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire county council. The BBC's Projected National Vote Share was 38% for the Conservatives, 27% for Labour, 18% for the Liberal Democrats and 5% for UKIP, with others on around 12%.

Corbyn said he supported Prime Minister Theresa May's idea for an early general election while awaiting parliamentary approval. He said he would urge his party to support the government's move in the parliamentary vote announced for on 19 April. A majority of MPs is necessary for a general election to be called before 2020.

Many people supported Corbyn to become Prime Minister such as United States senator Bernie Sanders, who Corbyn supported when Sanders ran for President of the United States.

In the snap general election, Labour under Corbyn gained 32 seats and increased its share of the popular vote to 40%, though the Conservative Party remained in government.

After the 2017 election, a poll put Labour on 45% with the Conservatives on 39%, the first poll to show Labour ahead with Corbyn as leader. 4% more voters approve of Corbyn than disapprove. Corbyn announced that the party was being placed on "permanent campaign mode", hoping for another general election to be called as soon as fall 2017. He began a number of rallies in important seats, including Hastings and Rye, Southampton Itchen and Bournemouth West.

After Theresa May's Brexit proposal failed in the House of Commons on 15 January 2019, Corbyn filled a motion of no confidence towards the May ministry. The motion failed in a 325 to 306 vote.

In March 2019, Corbyn was assaulted by a Brexit supporter outside a mosque in Finsbury Park, north London. His attacker was sentenced to 28 days in jail. In March 2019, Corbyn said that he could vote leave in a second referendum, depending on the Brexit deal on offer.

At the end of Theresa May's time as Prime Minister, she had a small lead over Corbyn in the best Prime Minister polling question. However, following the appointment of Boris Johnson as Prime Minister in July 2019, he gained double-digit leads over Corbyn on this question, although he was seen to be "more in touch" with ordinary people than Johnson.

A year after most of his Shadow Cabinet resigned, Corbyn removed three Shadow Cabinet members and a fourth resigned. This was after they went against the Labour Party's orders to not vote on the motion aimed at keeping the United Kingdom in the European Union single market.

In March 2018, it was revealed that Labour Party members, including Corbyn, some of his office staff and MPs belonged to a secret Facebook group where antisemitic comments were freely made. He left the group after becoming Labour leader in 2015.

According to the "Huffington Post" he was enrolled by someone else in 2014 and had only made a small number of posts.

Later in March 2018, a spokesman for the Labour leader admitted Corbyn had posted a comment on Facebook in 2012 questioning the removal of an allegedly antisemitic mural in London. This became controversial with Corbyn releasing a statement that said: “I sincerely regret that I did not look more closely at the image I was commenting on, the contents of which are deeply disturbing and antisemitic,” he said. “The defence of free speech cannot be used as a justification for the promotion of antisemitism in any form. That is a view I’ve always held.”.

In February 2019, seven MPs resigned from the Labour Party to form an Independent group because of Corbyn's handling of Brexit and of allegations of antisemitism.

On 29 October 2019, Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced that the next general election would be held on 12 December 2019. The reason was so that Conservatives could win a majority in parliament to pass a Brexit bill. Labour were left with just over 200 seats, their worst result since 1935. However, the party's share of the vote was higher than in 2015 and 2010. Conservatives won seats in England and Wales that were traditionally Labour seats, in a move the British media called: "a realignment of UK politics".

After the Labour Party's had massive losses in the election, Corbyn stated that he plans to step down following a period of reflection causing a leadership contest. Corbyn said that he had "pride in the manifesto" that Labour put forward for the election and blamed the defeat on Brexit. 

On 3 April 2020, in a final message to Labour Party members while leader of the party, Corbyn said, "I can assure you my voice will not be stilled. I’ll be out there campaigning for socialism, peace and justice, and I feel sure we’ll be doing that together." He also claimed that Labour in the last five years under his leadership had "changed the agenda on austerity and how the economy is run".

On 4 April 2020, Sir Keir Starmer replaced Corbyn as Opposition Leader and Labour Party Leader.

After a report by the Equality and Human Rights Commission, the Labour Party suspended Corbyn in October 2020. They did this because he said that he would not accept what the report had found. On 17 November 2020, Corbyn was given a formal warning and was given party membership again. Party leader Sir Keir Starmer has not yet give Corbyn party-related responsibilites again. On 26 November, Corbyn's lawyers pushed for legal action against the Labour Party for suspending Corbyn's party whip. Corbyn's claim is that he and Starmer had agreed to a deal to readmit him to the party. His party duties will be suspended at least until February 2021 until an investigation into Corbyn's anti-Semitism accusations can finish.

On 13 December 2020, Corbyn announced that he would be creating the Project for Peace and Justice the following month. It would focus on environmentalism, international peace, poverty, social inequality and corporation power. Corbyn launched the Project on 17 January 2021.

On 18 February 2022, in the week before the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Corbyn, along with 11 other MPs, cosigned a statement from the Stop the War Coalition that would not support a war in Ukraine. After the invasion began, many MPs and Labour officials wanted Corbyn and others who signed the statement to remove their names from it. Corbyn and fellow former Labour independent MP Claudia Webbe did not withdraw their signatures from the statement.

In August 2023, Corbyn said that he was thinking about running for Mayor of London as an independent. He had been included as a named candidate on some polls in late 2023.

In 1974, Corbyn married Jane Chapman. They divorced in 1979. In 1987, Corbyn married Chilean-born Claudia Bracchitta. They had three sons. They divorced in 1999. Corbyn said in June 2015 that he continues to "get on very well" with his former wife. In 2013, Corbyn married Laura Álvarez. He lives in Finsbury Park in London.

In an interview by "The Huffington Post" in December 2015, Corbyn did not want to say what his religion was, saying that it is a "private thing", while saying that he was not an atheist.

In January 2016 it was announced that a satirical musical based on Corbyn's life would be staged at the Waterloo East Theatre in London later in the year. BBC News suggested that "Corbyn the Musical: The Motorcycle Diaries" "may be the first stage show written about a leader of the opposition".

Corbyn has been against Private Finance Initiative (PFI) and supported a higher rate of income tax for the richest in society. He wants to stop tax evasion by adding £1 billion in HM Revenue and Customs.

Corbyn has said that the National Health Service (NHS) should be "completely publicly run and publicly accountable". He is a supporter of the NHS Reinstatement Bill 2015. Corbyn does not support the Private Finance Initiative.

Corbyn did not support sending British troops to retake the Falkland Islands. He called it a "nauseating waste of lives and money".

Corbyn has supported same-sex marriage and LGBT rights. Corbyn voted in favour of the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Act 2013, that allowed same-sex marriage in England and Wales. He has been a longtime environmentalist and does not support hydraulic fracturing. Corbyn is a supporter of animal rights. He also supports re-nationalisation of the UK's train system, meaning they will be owned and run by the government and not by businesses.



Ashley Madison

Ashley Madison is a Canada-based online dating service and social networking service. It used for people who are married or in a committed relationship. It promotes affairs. Its slogan is "Life is short. Have an affair." The website was launched in 2001.

The company received attention on July 15, 2015, after hackers stole all of its customer data—including emails, names, home addresses, sexual fantasies, and credit card information—and threatened to post all the data online if Ashley Madison and fellow Avid Life Media site EstablishedMen.com were not permanently closed.


Alejandro Maldonado

Alejandro Maldonado Aguirre (born January 6, 1936) is a Guatemalan politician. He was the acting President of Guatemala following the Congress of Guatemala's acceptance of the resignation of Otto Pérez Molina on September 3, 2015. He left office on January 14, 2016.

Simo Salminen

Simo Veli Atte Salminen (8 November 1932 – 2 September 2015) was a Finnish comic-actor. He was best known for his many performances in movies and television shows by Spede Pasanen. He was known for his roles in "Pähkähullu Suomi" and in "Koeputkiaikuinen ja Simon enkelit".

List of people from Montclair, New Jersey

Notable current and former residents of Montclair, New Jersey, include:





Carmela Soprano, on "The Sopranos", attended Montclair State University










List of people from Union City, New Jersey

The following is a list of notable people from Union City, New Jersey. (B) denotes that the person was born there, though births prior to 1925 would have been in West Hoboken or Union Hill which merged in 1925 to form Union City, as noted in some of these entries.

Ora (Rita Ora album)

Ora is the debut studio album by British recording artist Rita Ora, released on 27 August 2012 through Roc Nation.


Leon Gorman

Leon A. Gorman (December 20, 1934 – September 3, 2015) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was the President (1967–2001) and Chairman (2001–2013) of the bard for the clothing company L.L.Bean. He had a reported net worth of $860 million, and, until his death, was the richest person in Maine. He was born in Nashua, New Hampshire.

Gorman died from cancer on September 3, 2015 in Yarmouth, Maine, aged 80.

Jean-Luc Préel

Jean-Luc Préel (30 October 1940 – 3 September 2015) was a French politician. He was a member of the National Assembly from 1988 until 2012. He represented the Vendée department, and was a member of the New Centre. He was born in Caen.

Préel died on 3 September 2015 in La Roche-sur-Yon, aged 74.

Graham Brazier

Graham Brazier (6 May 1952 – 4 September 2015) was a New Zealand musician and songwriter. He was best known as a member of the band Hello Sailor. He was also a member of The Pink Flamingos and The Legionnaires. He was born in Auckland.

Brazier died from a heart attack on 4 September 2015 in Auckland, aged 63.

Ancient Egyptian royal titles

The Ancient Egyptian royal titles were a standard way of naming the pharaohs, the kings of Ancient Egypt. These names and titles showed the king's worldly and religious powers. The names could provide a sort of mission statement for the king. Names and titles sometimes changed during the reign.

By the Middle Kingdom the pharaohs used a set of five titles. The full set of titles, the titulary, using the five names, became the standard and were still in use as late as the Roman Empire.

G5-O33
The Horus name is the oldest form of the pharaoh's name. It began in the Predynastic Period. Many of the oldest-known Egyptian pharaohs were known only by this title.

The Horus name was usually written inside a serekh. This was a symbol of a palace façade. The name of the pharaoh was written in hieroglyphs inside the serekh. Usually there would be an image of the falcon God Horus on top or beside it.

One Egyptian ruler, the 2nd dynasty Seth-Peribsen, used an image of the god Seth instead of Horus. Perhaps this was showing there had been some kind of religious division within the country. He was succeeded by Khasekhemwy, who placed the symbols of both Set and Horus above his name. Later kings always had the image of Horus beside their name.

By the time of the New Kingdom the Horus name was often written without the enclosing serekh.

G16
The Nebty name, meaning "two ladies", was linked with the goddesses of Upper and Lower Egypt:

The name is first definitively used by the First Dynasty pharaoh Semerkhet. It became an independent title by the Twelfth Dynasty.

The Nebty name was not usually framed by a cartouche or serekh. It always begins with the hieroglyphs of a vulture and cobra resting upon two baskets, the dual noun "nebty".

G8
This was also known as the "Golden Horus Name". The pharaoh's name featured the image of a Horus falcon perched above or beside the hieroglyph for gold.

The meaning of this title has been disputed. It could show the triumph of Horus over his uncle Seth, the symbol for gold meaning that Horus was "superior to his foes". Gold also was linked with ideas of eternity, so name may show the pharaoh's eternal Horus name.

Like the Nebty name, this name was not framed by a cartouche or serekh.

M23:t-L2:t
The pharaoh's throne name, the first of the two names written inside a cartouche, with the title "nsw-bity" ("nesu-bity, nesw-bit, nswt-bjtj").
It means "S/He of the Sedge and Bee". This is often translated as "King of Upper and of Lower Egypt", as the sedge and bee were symbols for Upper and Lower Egypt.

The term "nsw-bity" may be from the Berber word for "strong man; ruler".(Schneider 1993)

The epithet "neb tawy", "Lord of the Two Lands", meaning the valley and delta regions of Egypt was also often used.
G39-N5:.-
This was the name given to the pharaoh at birth. The name itself was preceded by the title "Son of Ra". This was written with the hieroglyph of a duck ("za"), a homonym for the word meaning "son" ("za"), next to an image of the sun, a hieroglyph god Ra. It was first introduced to the set of royal titles in the Fourth Dynasty and emphasizes the king's role as a representative of the solar god Ra. When the pharaoh was woman, the preceding title was interpreted as "daughter".

Modern historians usually use this name for the ancient kings of Egypt, adding ordinals (e.g. "II", "III") for different individuals with the same name.



Wilfred de Souza

Wilfred de Souza (23 April 1927 – 4 September 2015) was an Indian surgeon and politician. He served as the Chief Minister of Goa three times; 18 May 1993 until 2 April 1994, 8 April 1994 until 16 December 1994 and 30 July 1998 until 26 November 1998.

De Souza was born in Kampala, Uganda. He grew up in Goa. He was a Roman Catholic.

De Souza died after a short illness on 4 September 2015 in Panaji, aged 88.

Geoffrey Bolton

Geoffrey Curgenven Bolton (5 November 1931 – 3 September 2015) was an Australian historian, academic and writer. He was best known for his research and writings of Western Australian history. He wrote around thirteen books between 1958 and 2008. He also taught at universities such as the University of Western Australia (UWA), Murdoch University and Monash University. In 2005, he was named Western Australian of the Year.

Bolton was born in Perth, Western Australia. He was educated at the Oxford University and UWA. He was married to Carol Grattan and had two sons and five grandchildren.

Bolton died on 4 September 2015 in Perth, aged 83.

Giya Kancheli

Giya Kancheli (; August 10, 1935 – October 2, 2019) was an Georgian composer. After the fall of the Soviet Union he became famous as one of the composers who resisted pressure to conform to official Soviet styles of music. Kancheli has composed many soundtracks for movies such as "Mimino", "Kin-dza-dza!", "Passport", "Blue Mountains", "The Eccentrics", and "Extraordinary Exhibition".

Kancheli died at his home in Tbilisi on October 2, 2019 at the age of 84.


Lady Saw

Marion Hall (born 12 July 1972), better known as Lady Saw, is a Grammy Award-winning Jamaican reggae singer. Hall was born in Galina, Saint Mary, Jamaica on 12 July 1972 and began performing with local sound systems at the age of fifteen. She went on to work with the "Stereo One system" in Kingston. Her performances brought her to the attention of record producers. She recorded her first single for producer Piper, and "Love Me or Lef Me", produced by Olive Shaw received significant airplay. She had her first hit with "If Him Lef" and she topped the Jamaican record charts with "Good Man".

Chandra Bahadur Dangi

Chandra Bahadur Dangi (; 30 November 1939 – 3 September 2015) was a Nepalese farmer and craftsman. He was best known for being the shortest man in recorded history, measuring . Dangi was a primordial dwarf. He broke the record of Gul Mohammed (1957–1997), the shortest adult human whose height was . He was born in Kalimati, Salyan District.

Dangi died from pneumonia on 3 September 2015 in Pago Pago, American Samoa, aged 75.

Jet d'Eau

The Jet d'Eau (, "Water-Jet") is a large fountain in Geneva, Switzerland. The fountain is one of the city's most famous landmarks, and one of the largest fountains in the world. It is located at the point where Lake Geneva empties into the Rhône river.

Mr. Freeze (roller coaster)

Mr. Freeze: Reverse Blast (previously known as Mr. Freeze) is a steel launched shuttle roller coaster.


Unbreakable (Janet Jackson album)

Unbreakable is the eleventh studio album by the American singer, Janet Jackson. It was released on October 2, 2015. As of September 2015, two R&B tinged singles had been released from the album. One was "No Sleeep" which features American rapper J-Cole. The other was the title track. This will be Jackson's first album with newly recorded material since 2008's "Discipline".

Rico Rodriguez (musician)

Rico Rodriguez MBE (born Emmanuel Rodriguez; 17 October 1934 – 4 September 2015), also known as simply Rico, as well as Reco or El Reco, was a Cuban ska and reggae trombonist. He was born in Havana and grew up in Kingston, Jamaica. He has recorded with many producers, including Karl Pitterson, Prince Buster, and Lloyd "Matador" Daley. He was known as one of the first and most distinguished Ska artists.

Zhang Zhen (general)

Zhang Zhen (; 5 October 1914 – 3 September 2015) was a general of the People's Liberation Army of China, and a former member of the Central Military Commission of the Communist Party of China. Zhang was born in Pingjiang County, Hunan Province.

His original name was Zhang Jiansheng(), also named as Zhang Zushou(), Zhang Zhongtian(). 


Chi Haotian

General Chi Haotian (; born 9 July 1929) is a Chinese general of the People's Liberation Army. In May-June, 1989, Chi played an important role in directing the military's enforcement of martial law in Beijing to suppress the Tiananmen Square Protests in the national capital.


Li Yuan-tsu

Li Yuan-tsu (; September 24, 1923 – March 8, 2017) was a Chinese politician. He served under Lee Teng-hui as the eighth Vice President of the Republic of China. Li is of Hakka ancestry. He was born in Pingjiang, Hunan.

Li died of kidney failure on March 8, 2017 in Toufen, Taiwan, aged 93.

Robert Davi

Robert John Davi (born June 26, 1953) is an American actor, singer, writer, and producer. Davi has performed in more than 130 movies. He has played the roles of main villain and drug lord Franz Sanchez in the 1989 James Bond movie "Licence to Kill". He was FBI Special Agent Bailey Malone in the NBC television series "Profiler". He played a Vietnam War veteran and FBI Special Agent Big Johnson in "Die Hard". Davi played the opera-singing heavy Jake Fratelli in "The Goonies", Hans Zarba in "Son of the Pink Panther" and Al Torres in "Showgirls".

Davi was trained as a singer. He launched his professional singing career in 2011. His first album, "Davi Sings Sinatra -- On The Road To Romance," hit #6 on the "Billboard" jazz charts. Praised for his voice, Davi ed as a headliner at The Venetian, in Las Vegas, Nevada, six months after the record was released.

Château de Chaumont

The Château de Chaumont (or Château de Chaumont-sur-Loire) is a castle in Chaumont-sur-Loire, Loir-et-Cher, France. The castle was founded in the 10th century by Odo I, Count of Blois. It is located on top of a hill overlooking the Loire River. It was built to protect the borders between Blois and Anjou.

Aadesh Shrivastava

Aadesh Shrivastava (4 September 1964 – 5 September 2015) was an Indian composer and singer. He worked on over 100 Hindi movies, including "Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham..." (2001), "Baghban" (2003), "" (2008), and "Raajneeti" (2010).

Shrivastava was born to a Hindu Kayastha family in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh. He was married to actress Vijeta Pandit from 1990 until his death. They had two sons.

Shrivastava died from cancer on 5 September 2015 in Mumbai, Maharashtra. He was 51.


David Fonseca (politician)

William Henry "David" Fonseca (1 May 1954 – 30 April 2015) was a Belizean politician and businessman. He served as the Mayor of Belize City from 1 March 1999 until 1 March 2006. He was a member of the People's United Party.

Fonseca died on 30 April 2015 in Belize City, aged 60. He committed suicide (killed himself) by shooting himself in the head.

Pavel Nakhimov

Pavel Stepanovich Nakhimov () (born July 5, 1802 – died July 12, 1855) was a Russian admiral. He was one of the most famous admirals in Russian naval history. 

In 1826, Nakhimov served on the crew of the 74-gun warship “Azov”, commanded by Mikhail Lazarev. One year after, on October 20 1827, he and the crew of Azov fought in the Battle of Navarino and with the help of the British and French naval forces, they defeated the Ottoman naval forces.

After that, Nakhimov was the commander of naval and land forces during the Siege of Sevastopol in the Crimean War. On November 30 1853, Nakhimov defeated the Ottoman troops in the Battle of Sinope.

On July 10 1855, while he was inspecting the forward-defense positions at Fort Malakoff, he was fatally wounded by a sniper. The medal, the Order of Nakhimov, a Soviet Navy Cruiser and the Nakhimov Naval Academy (Sevastopol) are named for him.

J. T. Walsh

James Thomas Patrick "J. T." Walsh (September 28, 1943 – February 27, 1998) was an American actor. He appeared in over 50 movies during his career. Walsh's best known roles were in the movies "Good Morning, Vietnam" (1987), "Misery" (1990), "Backdraft" (1991), "Hoffa" (1992), "A Few Good Men" (1992), "Miracle on 34th Street" (1994), "The Client" (1994), "Blue Chips" (1994), "Silent Fall" (1994), "Outbreak" (1995), "Nixon" (1995), "The Babysitter" (1995), "Sling Blade" (1996), "Breakdown" (1997), "Pleasantville" (1998), and "The Negotiator" (1998). He also appeared in an episode of "The X-Files".

Walsh was born in San Francisco, California. He was married to Susan West from 1972 until their divorce in 1982. They had one son, John.

Walsh died from a heart attack on February 27, 1998 in Lemon Grove, California, aged 54. Jack Nicholson dedicated his Academy Award for "As Good as It Gets" to Walsh's memory.

Brentor

Brentor is a small village about north of Tavistock within West Devon. The village is famous for it's church, "Church of St Michel de Rupe" (Saint Michael of the Rock). The church which dates back to the 13th century sits high upon a tor overlooking the village. It can be seen from miles around and is visited by many people each year. The rock it sits on is what is left of a volcano and is high. It was once used as a beacon tower to warn people of approaching enemy ships.

Sylvie Joly

Sylvie Joly (18 October 1934 – 4 September 2015) was a French actress and comedian. She was best known for her roles in the movies "Going Places" (1974) and "Get Out Your Handkerchiefs" (1978).

Joly was born in Paris. She had two daughters, Mathilde Vitry and Stéphane Joly. In October 2010, she revealed she had Parkinson's disease.

Joly died of a heart attack on 4 September 2015 in Paris. She was 80.

Wiki farm

A wiki farm is a site where you can create your own wiki. Getting webspace is usually as easy as requesting an e-mail account. An account will generally allow a certain number of wiki sites and some are free. Most wiki farms let you create wikis that use Mediawiki software, the software that thousands of wikis use. 

This table is not complete

Il Guarany

Il Guarany is an Italian opera in four acts, music by Antônio Carlos Gomes and libretto by Antonio Scalvini and Carlo D'Ormeville, after José de Alencar's novel "O Guarani". It was first performed in Milan, on March 19, 1870. By far Gomes's most successful work and his only opera still regularly performed. 




Helvellyn

Helvellyn is an English opera in four acts, music by George Alexander Macfarren and libretto by John Oxenford, after Salomon Mosenthal's play "Der Sonnwendhof". It was first performed in London, on November 3, 1864.








Alpine climate

Alpine climate is the average weather (climate) for the regions above the tree line but below the place where the snow never melts.
This is a mountain or highland climate.

No month has a mean temperature higher than . 

Gliese 667 Cc

Gliese 667 Cc is an extrasolar planet 22.18 light years away. It orbits around the red dwarf star Gliese 667 C, one of the Gliese 667 triple star system. The system is in the constellation of Scorpius. It is the most Earth-like planet in 50 light years. It's ESI (Earth Similarity Index) is 0.85. It is present in the hot inner edge of the habitable zone than the Earth. It absorbs 90% of light from it's star, as the Earth does but it is tidally locked.

Gliese 667 Cc was first found by the European Southern Observatory on 21 November 2011. They used the wobble method (also known as radial velocity). They watched how the star "wobbled" as Gliese 667 Cc circled around its star. On 2 February 2012 researchers at the University of Göttingen and the Carnegie Institution for Science confirmed the planet's existence.

Gliese 667 Cc circles its star every 28 days, and is 0.125 AU away from its star. It fits within the habitable zone. Its mass is 3.8 times that of the Earth. Its size is probably about 50% larger than Earth.

Because of Gliese 667 Cc's distance from its star, it is predicted to be tidally locked to its star. Just as Earth's Moon always shows the same face to the Earth, the length of Gliese 667 Cc's day would then match the length of its year. This means it would be permanently light on one half and permanently dark on the other half of its surface. Tidal locking also means the planet would have no axial tilt and that means the planet would not experience any seasons.

Poison (Rita Ora song)

"Poison" is a song by British singer Rita Ora. The song was released on 18 May 2015. It was the first single from her second studio album. The single peaked at number three in the United Kingdom. It is a dubstep and R&B song. It is her first solo song since 2014's "I Will Never Let You Down".




Alan Steel

Sergio Ciani (7 September 1935 – 5 September 2015), best known as Alan Steel, was an Italian bodybuilder and actor. He was known for his roles in "Samson", "The Rebel Gladiators", and "Hercules Against the Moon Men".

Ciani died in his sleep at his house in Ostia, Rome, aged 79.

Philistines

The Philistines (, , , or ; , "Plištim") were a people described in the Bible. During the Judges period they were one of the Israelite's most dangerous enemies. Biblical scholars have connected the Philistines to other biblical groups such as Caphtorim and the Cherethites and Pelethites. Both have been identified with Crete, and leading to the tradition of an Aegean origin.


National Geographic article 

Brianna Lea Pruett

Brianna Lea Pruett (January 18, 1983 – September 2, 2015) was an American singer-songwriter, musician, painter, poet and filmmaker. She was born in Sacramento, California.

Pruett died in Sacramento, California, aged 32.



Eric Stuart

Eric Stuart (born October 18, 1967) is an American voice actor, voice director, singer, songwriter and guitarist who worked for 4Kids Entertainment, NYAV Post, and Central Park Media. He is perhaps best known for his roles as Brock and James in the long-running TV series "Pokémon" from Seasons 1 to 8. He is also the lead singer of his rock band The Eric Stuart Band.








Billy Bletcher

William "Billy" Bletcher (September 24, 1894 – January 5, 1979) was an American actor. He was best known for providing the voice of Pete for the Disney franchise in the 1930s to the 1950s.

Bletcher was born on 24 September 1894 in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. At age 19 he was a vaudeville performer. He started his movie career in 1913 at the Vitagraph Studios in Brooklyn, New York. In 1917, he moved to California and became a comedian for Mack Sennett. He later starred in several Hal Roach two reelers. 

During his acting career he starred in a number of comedies. Bletcher also acted in Westerns and action movies. He directed two feature movies in the 1920s. Bletcher was the voice of the Lone Ranger in the 1937 movie serial. He was a veteran voice actor from the Disney animated movie The Three Little Pigs (1933). Later he did voice-overs for television. His last movie appearance was in 1969.

Bletcher was married once, to actress Arline Roberts. She was a vaudevillian and a Ziegfeld Girl. When they moved to California she worked as a "bathing beauty". She acted in silent comic two-reelers and feature movies but never gained the prominence her husband did. They had a daughter, Barbara Bletcher.



Christopher Awdry

Christopher Vere Awdry (born 2 July 1940) is an English author best known for his contributions to "The Railway Series" of books featuring Thomas the Tank Engine, which was started by his father, the Rev. W. Awdry. He has also produced children's books based on a number of other railways. He has also written non-fiction articles and books on heritage railways.

Ben Kuroki

Ben Kuroki (May 16, 1917 – September 1, 2015) was an American Air Force gunner. He was the first Nisei (son of Japanese immigrants) to serve in the Pacific Ocean theater of World War II. He served in a total of 58 combat missions during World War II. For his services to his country from 1941 until 1946, he was awarded three Distinguished Flying Crosses, one Distinguished Service Medal, and five Air Medals with oak leaf clusters.

Kuroki was born in Gothenburg, Nebraska and grew up in Hershey, Nebraska. His parents were Japanese immigrants, and was one of 10 children. Kuroki was married to Shige and had three daughters.

Kuroki died on September 1, 2015 in Camarillo, California, aged 98.

Adrian Cadbury

Sir George Adrian Hayhurst Cadbury (15 April 1929 – 3 September 2015) was a British businessman and rower. He was the Chairman of Cadbury and Cadbury Schweppes for 24 years. He was best known for heading the Committee on the Financial Aspects of Corporate Governance from 1991 to 1995. He also rowed in the Great Britain coxless four in the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland.

Cadbury was born in Birmingham. He was educated at Eton and King's College, Cambridge.

Cadbury died on 3 September 2015 in Birmingham, aged 86.

Python molurus

Python molurus is a large nonvenomous python species. It is found in many tropic and subtropic areas of South Asia and Southeast Asia. 

It has various common names: Indian python, black-tailed python and Indian rock python. The species is limited to Southern Asia. It is generally lighter colored than the Burmese python. It can grow to .

The color pattern is whitish or yellowish with the blotched patterns varying from shades of tan to dark brown. This varies with the terrain and habitat. Specimens from the hill forests of Western Ghats and Assam are darker. Those from the Deccan Plateau and east coast of India are usually lighter.

The longest scientifically recorded specimen, which came from Pakistan, was in length and weighed .


Radioactive (Rita Ora song)

"Radioactive" is a song recorded by British recording artist Rita Ora. It was released as the fourth single from her debut studio album, "Ora". The single was released on 11 February 2013. The song was co-written by Sia Furler and Greg Kurstin (who also produced the song). It is a house and R&B song.

Lawrence Lessig 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Lawrence Lessig was officially launched when Lessig, Harvard University professor from Massachusetts, announced his candidacy for the Democratic Party's nomination for President of the United States in 2016 on September 6, 2015. The headquarters of the campaign is in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

Lessig decided to form an exploratory committee in preparation for a possible bid for the Democratic Party's nomination for President of the United States in 2016. Almost two months into the campaign trail, poor polling numbers and not being qualified to enter the debates, Lessig dropped out on November 2, 2015.


Jimmy McMillan

James "Jimmy" McMillan III (born December 1, 1946) is an American political activist, perennial candidate, and Vietnam War veteran, as well as a former postal worker, stripper and private investigator in Brooklyn, New York City.

McMillan is best known as the founder of the Rent Is Too Damn High Party, a New York-based political party.

McMillan has run for office at least six times since 1993, most notably in the 2010 gubernatorial election. He declared in December 2010 that he would run in the 2012 U.S. presidential election as a Republican. He did not appear on the ballot in any state and suspended his campaign to return to the Rent Is Too Damn High Party and run for Mayor of New York City in the 2013 election. He attempted to run for Governor again in the 2014 election but he did not make the ballot.

McMillan announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 election, but withdrew from the campaign on December 9, 2015 and announced that he was retiring from politics.

William Bradley

William Bradley can be:


Desert climate

Desert climate or Arid climate (in the Köppen climate classification: BWh "hot desert climate" and BWk "cold desert climate") is a type of climate where precipitation is generally less than a year. Low rainfall is a feature of deserts such as the Arabian, central Australia and the Sahara. It is a feature of continental interiors, the western sides of continents, and the leeward side of tall mountain ranges. Parts of the Arctic and Antarctic have arid climates even though they are cold. 

A "true desert" is one where plant cover is very sparse and rainfall is rare or infrequent. Because desert air is dry there is little moisture to hold onto the heat of the day. Desert nights are usually very cold. This wide temperature variation can make a desert climate difficult to live in.

Some deserts get more than 250mm of rainfall yearly but are still arid areas. For example, the Kalahari Desert gets up to a year. It has great sand dunes like the Sahara, but they do not shift in the winds. They have plants that anchor the sand and help to keep their shape. Other areas can also have more than 250mm of precipitation but lose more water via evapotranspiration than falls as precipitation. Tuscon and Alice Springs are good examples of this. Tucson gets an average of of rainfall a year. Alice Springs receives about yearly. Some scientists do not consider these as true deserts. 

There are three types of desert climates in the Köppen climate classification: a hot desert climate (BWh), a cold desert climate (BWk) and a mild desert climate (BWh/BWn). Hot deserts have very hot summers that have temperatures that can even reach 45 °C (113 °F). Temperatures can even be very warm during winter. Cold deserts can have hot summers as well, but the winters are usually very cold. They are usually at high altitudes and can be drier than hot deserts.

Desert plants and animals have adapted to living in desert climates. Some animals can get by on less water. Some plants are able to store water. Some animals, like snakes, lizards and scorpions use poisonous venoms to kill for food. This saves valuable energy: they do not need to chase, fight or catch their prey. Many animals are nocturnal. They sleep in cool caves or burrows during the day and hunt at night. Plants likewise have adapted to saving water. Some have waterproof coverings that prevent the plant or seeds from drying out. Some, like the giant Saguaro cactus, store water. They have adapted so well that they can live for more than 150 years and can average over 40 ft tall. Many types have thorns and protective spines that keep animals from getting at their stores of water.


Ralph Milne

Ralph Milne (13 May 1961 – 6 September 2015) was a Scottish footballer. He played for Dundee United, Charlton Athletic, Bristol City and Manchester United. He played as both an attacking midfielder or a winger.

Milne died in Dundee, Scotland from liver disease, aged 54.

Judy Carne

Judy Carne (April 27, 1939 - September 3, 2015) was an English actress. She was best remembered for the phrase "Sock it to me!" on "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In".

Carne died in her hometown of Northampton, England on September 3, 2015, after a battle with pneumonia, aged 76.

EBCDIC

Extended Binary Coded Decimal Interchange Code (EBCDIC) is an 8-bit character encoding. It is used mainly on IBM mainframe and IBM midrange computer operating systems. EBCDIC descended from the code used with punched cards. It was also related to the six bit binary-coded decimal code used with most of IBM's computer peripherals of the late 1950s and early 1960s. EBCDIC is also used on various non-IBM platforms. These include the Fujitsu-Siemens' BS2000/OSD, OS-IV, MSP, and MSP-EX, and Unisys VS/9 and MCP.

<br>

Calvin J. Spann

Calvin J. Spann (November 28, 1924 – September 6, 2015) was an original Tuskegee Airman and fighter pilot with the 100th Fighter Squadron of the 332nd Fighter Group. 

Spann received his wings from the Tuskegee Flight School as a part of the graduating class of 44G. As a member of the United States Army Air Corps, he served in Europe during World War II, where Spann flew 26 combat missions before the end of the war in the European Theatre.

Martin Milner

Martin Sam Milner (December 28, 1931 – September 6, 2015) was an American movie, stage, radio and television actor. Milner was best known for his performances in two popular television series: "Route 66", which aired on CBS from 1960 to 1964, and "Adam-12", which aired on NBC from 1968 to 1975.

Milner died at his home in Carlsbad, California at the age of 83.


Romain Rolland

Romain Rolland (29 January 1866, Clamecy, Nièvre – 30 December 1944, Vézelay) was a French writer. He received the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1915. He wrote dramas, novels, and essays.



Shahbazpur Union, Sarail

Shahbazpur () is a union parishad under Sarail Upazila of Brahmanbaria District in the Chittagong Division of eastern Bangladesh.


G. Gordon Liddy

George Gordon Battle Liddy (November 30, 1930 – March 30, 2021), better known as G. Gordon Liddy was an American lawyer and convicted felon. He was best known as the chief operative in the White House Plumbers from July–September 1971, during Richard Nixon's presidency. He was convicted of conspiracy, burglary, and illegal wiretapping for his role in the Watergate scandal.

Liddy died on March 30, 2021 at his daughter's home in Mount Vernon, Virginia from Parkinson's disease-related problems at the age of 90.


Candida Royalle

Candida Royalle (October 15, 1950 – September 7, 2015) was an American pornographic actress, director and producer. In 1984, Royalle founded "Femme Productions". Royalle was a member of American Association of Sex Educators, Counselors and Therapists. She was born in New York City.

Royalle died on September 7, 2015 of ovarian cancer in Mattituck, New York, aged 64.


UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying Group A

Group A of the UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying tournament is one of the nine groups to determine what team will be playing in the UEFA Euro 2016. Iceland, Czech Republic, Turkey, Netherlands, Latvia and Kazakhstan were the six teams that are in the group. It will be played from 9 September 2014 to 13 October 2015.


Ziynet Sali

Ziynet Sali (born on 29 April 1975 in Nicosia, Northern Cyprus) is a Turkish Cypriot singer who is mainly famous in Northern Cyprus and Turkey. Her 2010 single, "Rüya," reached #1 on the Turkish Music charts.

Ziynet was born in Cyprus on April 29, 1975 to Turkish Cypriot parents. Her father had been living in the United Kingdom since 1963 and had met her mother when he was on vacation to his native Northern Cyprus. They had three children, and Ziynet was the only daughter. Because of the Cyprus conflict, the family moved back to the United Kingdom. She currently has both a British and Cypriot citizenship. At the age of six, she moved back to Cyprus to finish her early education. In 1994, she moved to Istanbul to study music at Istanbul Technical University. She graduated this university in 1999.


Follow the Leader (Korn album)

Follow the Leader is the third studio album by the American alternative metal band Korn. The album was released on August 18, 1998. "Follow the Leader" sold 14 million copies, making it Korn's most successful album.


Fraggle Rock

Fraggle Rock is a British/American/Canadian children's live action puppet television series. It was created by Jim Henson. Fraggle Rock is about a society of Muppet creatures called Fraggles. It was shown from 1983–1987. Down at Fraggle Rock (Down in Fraggle Rock) is an opening and ending song. In 1993 versions of some episodes, at the end of some scenes of some episodes and some episodes, the 1993 Fraggle Rock "Stay tuned" screen/logo plastered/replaced the 1982–1987 Fraggle Rock ending credits and at the end of 1993 versions of some episodes, 1993 Fraggle Rock ending credits replace/plastered 1982–1987 Fraggle Rock ending credits. The intro was shortened on The Hub in 2010–2013, and Hub Network in 2013–2014 and Discovery Family since 2014. In the cartoonish/animated intro, the Roland D-50 patch "Piano-Fifty" was heard. In some versions of the theme, the Yamaha DX7 internal factory patch "Electric Bass 1" was heard in 1983–1987. It got cartoonish/animated in season 6 (1987).

"Fraggle Rock" was co-produced by British television company Television South (TVS), the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, U.S. pay television service Home Box Office and Henson Associates. Unlike "Sesame Street", it was intended from the start to be an international production. Henson described the "Fraggle Rock" series as "a high-energy, raucous musical romp. It's a lot of silliness. It's wonderful." While the program proved accessible to audiences of all ages, it used the fantasy creatures as examples to deal with serious issues. These included prejudice, spirituality, personal identity, the environment, and social conflict.

"Fraggle Rock" features many original songs.

The Fraggles call the human world "outer space" and humans "silly creatures from outer space."


Doozers are people smaller than Fraggles. Doozers have green skin and small eyes. They almost always wear hard hats. They spend most of their time building clear structures using cranes and other construction tools. The Fraggles like to eat these structures.

Gorgs are people much bigger than Fraggles. They call their house "the castle" and the rest of their land "the universe." The show never says whether they really are rulers or whether they are poor farmers who like to pretend they are rulers.

Roger Craig Smith

Roger Craig Smith (born August 11, 1975) is an American voice actor and former stand-up comedian who does voice roles for video games, television and movies. He is known as the current voice behind Chris Redfield in the "Resident Evil" series. He voices Ezio Auditore da Firenze in the "Assassin's Creed" games. He also voices Deidara in the anime "", and of the Sega video game character Sonic the Hedgehog, in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" video game franchise since 2010.



Human genetics

Human genetics is the study of inheritance as it occurs in human beings. It includes the study of human genetic disorders, the work on the human genome, and genetic counselling.

Genes are a common factor behind most inherited traits. Study of human genetics may answer questions about human nature, and the genetics of human life. It helps us to understand the diseases we get, and helps the development of effective disease treatment.



Wadj-wer

Wadj-wer (meaning "Great Blue-Green") is an Egyptian god of fertility. "Wadj-wer" is sometimes shown as being part male and part female. He is seen as the personification of the Mediterranean Sea or some of the big lakes in the Nile Delta. He is often shown holding a ankh and a loaf. He is also shown to be pregnant, and he symbolizes the richness of the waters of the Nile delta.


Aida (musical)

Aida is a musical by Sir Elton John and Tim Rice, first opened in 1998. It was based on the Verdi opera of the same name It was nominated for Tony Awards.

Act I

The musical opens in a modern-day museum. In the Egyptian wing, a man and woman meet each other as a statue of a female Pharaoh, Amneris, awakens ("Every Story Is A Love Story") and transports them to Ancient Egypt. Ramades, who is leader of the Egyptian army, return from an expedition through the lands of the Nubians, the longtime enemies of Egypt ("Fortune Favors The Brave"). When the soldiers capture a group of women, he is instantly drawn to one of them, Aida, who tries freeing herself by fighting one of his soldiers. After Ramades forces Aida to wash his back, she refuses, telling him that although the Egyptians took everything from the Nubians, their spirit will never be taken ("The Past Is Another Land"). Ramades saves Aida's companions from working in the copper mines (and certain death) by sending them to work in the palace grounds instead. He also sends Aida as a handmaiden to Amneris, to whom he is betrothed.

Preschool

Preschool is a term for early childhood education. It is education for very young children between the ages of three and six, before the start of compulsory education at elementary school/primary school. There are theories of child development which influence preschool activities, with the ideas of Jean Piaget that categorise this age group as a “preoperational” stage of development being the most influential.

In Europe the terms 'nursery' and 'kindergarten' are used to describe preschooling.

Early childhood education usually encourages children to learn by playing. But basic topics like counting or the alphabet may start to be taught.

Sanday, Orkney

Sanday is one of the inhabited islands of Orkney, Scotland. It covers an area of . It is the third largest of the Orkney Islands. The main centres of population are Lady Village and Kettletoft. Sanday can be reached by Orkney Ferries or plane from Kirkwall on the Orkney Mainland. Cultural activities revolve around the school.

Pieter van den Hoogenband

Pieter van den Hoogenband (born 14 March 1978) was a former Dutch swimmer. He won three gold medals at the Olympics. He swam at the Olympics four times, from 1996 to 2008. He held the world record in the 100 meter and 200 meter freestyle. Van den Hoogenband is well known for his races in the 200 meter freestyle against Ian Thorpe from Australia.

Andrew Kohut

Andrew Kohut (September 2, 1942 – September 8, 2015) was an American pollster and nonpartisan news commentator about public affairs topics. Kohut was the founding director of the Pew Research Center and served as director of the Pew Research Center's Global Attitudes Project. He served as the center's president from 2004 to 2012.

Joost Zwagerman

Johannes Jacobus Willebrordus (Joost) Zwagerman (18 November 1963 – 8 September 2015) was a Dutch writer, poet, and essayist. Among his teachers was the novelist Oek de Jong. He was born in Alkmaar in the Netherlands.

Zwagerman committed suicide in Haarlem, Netherlands, aged 51.

The Late Show with Stephen Colbert

The Late Show with Stephen Colbert is an American late-night talk show hosted by Stephen Colbert on CBS. It is the second version of the "Late Show" franchise, following the retirement of original "Late Show" host David Letterman. Jonathan Batiste is the bandleader.

The show premiered on September 8, 2015. Colbert had previously hosted "The Colbert Report" on Comedy Central.


Jon Batiste

Jonathan Michael Batiste (born November 11, 1986) is an American singer, musician, educator, and bandleader. Batiste is known for being the music director and bandleader for "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert". He has won an Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Golden Globe Award and Grammy Award for co-composing the score of Disney Pixar "Soul" (2020). In 2022, he won five Grammy Awards for his album We Are.

Batiste is married to journalist and author Suleika Jaouad since 2022.


List of languages by number of native speakers

Below is a List of languages by number of native speakers.

Over half the world's population speaks the 15 most used native languages. They are listed here. They are from the Swedish "Nationalencyklopedin" (2007, 2010).

The distinction between language and dialect is often not clear. Some mutually intelligible versions have been unified. These include Indonesian and Malay; Croatian, Bosnian, and Serbian. It does not include standard Hindi and Urdu. Hindustani has been divided here into the sociolinguistic units of Hindi and Urdu, but at least 100 million speakers of some Hindi dialects are not counted below. 


Susan Allen (musician)

Susan Allen (May 10, 1951 – September 7, 2015) was an American harpist. She was born in Monrovia, California.

Allen died from brain cancer on September 7, 2015 in Seattle, Washington. She was 64.

Edward Upward

Edward Falaise Upward (9 September 1903 – 13 February 2009) was an English novelist and short story writer. At the time of his death, he was considered the UK's oldest living author. 

He was born on 9 September 1903 in Romford, Essex, to Harold and Louisa Upward. His father was a doctor. Upward graduated from Corpus Christi College, Oxford in 1925 with a degree in English. He became a teacher which also allowed him time to write. 

In 1931 he became interested in the Communist Party. He joined the party in 1934. He wrote for several Left-wing journals. These included "New Country", "The Left Review" and "New Writing". Upward's first novel was "Journey to the Border", published in 1938. At that time Upward was better known for a 1937 essay called "Sketch for a Marxist Interpretation of Literature". He wrote a trilogy called "The Spiral Ascent". The second part had trouble getting published. By the time the third part was published, it had to be underwritten by the Action Council. The council only agreed after pressure from Upward's friends. The three were titled "In the Thirties" (1962), "The Rotten Elements" (1969), and "No Home But the Struggle" (1977). The last two were almost completely ignored at the time. 

He enjoyed a resurgence in his nineties with the publication of several of his short stories. These were "The Mortmere Stories" (co-written with Christopher Isherwood during their time at Cambridge in the 1920s), "An Unmentionable Man" (1994), "The Scenic Railway" (1997), "The Coming Day" (2000), and "A Renegade in Springtime" (2003), the last to celebrate his 100th birthday. 

He died on 13 February 2009, aged 105, in Pontefract, West Yorkshire, England.


<br>

Revenge

Revenge is doing something to hurt another person because they believe that person hurt them. It is also called vengeance, vendetta, payback, retribution or retaliation. It can also be doing something to get even for an insult, real or perceived. Vengeance is as old as people are. it is a natural urge that has been examined by psychologists, philosophers, legal scholars, poets, playwrights and others. Anthropologists have discovered chimpanzees will try to get revenge on thieves who steal their food.

In a 2004 issue of Science, Swiss researchers scanned the brains of several subjects who had been intentionally "wronged" in an experiment. They were then given a chance to get even with the person they thought wronged them. As they thought about how they could get revenge, their brain activity showed a rush of rush of activity in the caudate nucleus. This is the part of the brain that processes rewards. This gives some psychological confirmation to the saying "Revenge is sweet".

The ancient Chinese philosopher Confucius said: ""Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves." "Payback's a bitch!" is the more modern version. The person seeking revenge is often hurt as badly as his victim. Often, the one seeking revenge has to take on the very qualities he or she hated in the first place.

It becomes a case of "you hurt me, I'll hurt you back". Taking revenge on someone may cause them to retaliate and take revenge on you. This process keeps going back and forth until it becomes a blood feud involving families, tribes, even nations. On a world level, feuds have been going on for centuries. A desire for revenge comes from a shared human desire for justice. But revenge twists justice into what is needed at the moment.

Growing evidence shows abused children often inflict revenge on themselves and those around them. By not experiencing a healthy development they do not have a healthy sense of justice. By not having developed a healthy understanding of interpersonal relationships, it can lead to criminal behavior. Studies of Juvenile delinquents and inmates shows a strong connection between criminal behavior and a history of being abused as a child. As teens, many engage in revenge fantasies.

Sometimes revenge or acts of revenge are actually other feelings disguised as revenge. 


Richard G. Hewlett

Richard Greening Hewlett (February 12, 1923 – September 1, 2015) was an American public historian. He was best known for his work as the first official Chief Historian of the United States Atomic Energy Commission (AEC).

Hewlett was born in Toledo, Ohio. He joined the United States Army Air Corps during World War II after the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941.

Hewlett died on September 1, 2015 at the age of 92.

Queen Rania of Jordan

Queen Rania of Jordan (; born Rania al-Yassin and sometimes called Rania al-Abdullah; born on 31 August 1970 in Kuwait City, Kuwait) is the Queen consort of Jordan. After she married Abdullah II of Jordan, she became known for her work in education, health, community empowerment and micro-finance. She also uses social media often (Facebook, Twitter and YouTube). She has two daughters and two sons. She has been given many awards by governments.

Rania al-Yassin was born in Kuwait to Palestinian parents. She went to the New English School in Jabriya, Kuwait. She got a degree in business administration at the American University in Cairo. Before graduating from the American University, she worked with Citibank and Apple, Inc..

Queen Rania of Jordan has launched and fought for many initiatives in education and learning.

In July 2005, in partnership with the Ministry of Education, the King and Queen created the Queen Rania Award for Excellence in Education. It is an annual award for teachers.

Queen Rania is the chairperson of Jordan's first children's museum. It was opened in May of 2007. It encourages lifelong learning for children and their families. In 2007, Queen Rania began a program to renovate 500 of Jordan's schools in a period of five years. Queen Rania is also chairperson of the Royal Health Awareness Society (RHAS).

Queen Rania created the Jordan River Foundation in 1995. This foundation works to empower society, especially women and children, to improve the quality of life and make a better future for all Jordanians. She also created the Jordan River Children Program (JRCP). This program wants to place children’s well-being above politics and cultural taboos. After two children were killed in Jordan because of child abuse, Queen Rania called for an emergency meeting to discuss where the system was failing.

On 30 March 2008, Queen Rania launched her own YouTube channel. It was originally to invite viewers to give their opinions on the Middle East and talk about the stereotypes they may have of Arabs and Muslims.

Titles

10 June 1993-22 March 1999 Her Royal Highness Princess Rania Al Abdullah of Jordan 

22 March 1999 Her Majesty The Queen of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan 

National Honor 

Jordan 

-Grand Cordon with Collar of the Order of Al-Hussein bin Ali (9 June 1999) 

-Knight Grand Cordon, Special Class of the Supreme Order of the Renaissance (6 March 2024) 

Foreign Honors 

-Belgium: Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold (18 May 2016) 

-Germany: Grand Cross Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (21 October 2002) 

-Italy: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic (19 October 2009) 

-Japan: Grand Cordon (Paulownia) 1st Class of the Order of the Precious Crown (4 December 1999) 

-Portugal: Grand Cross (GCSE) of the Order of Saint James of the Sword (16 March 2009), Grand Cross (GCIH) of the Order of Infante Henry (5 March 2008) 

-Spain: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Charles III (21 April 2006), Dame Grand Cross of the Royal Order of Isabella the Catholic (18 October 1999) 



Will Provine

William B. Provine (February 19, 1942 – September 1, 2015) was an American historian of science and of evolutionary biology and population genetics. He was best known for his several different positions held at Cornell University. Provine also appeared in Ben Stein's documentary movie "" (2008).

Provine was born in Nashville, Tennessee. He was married to Gail and had two sons.

Provine died from brain cancer on September 1, 2015 in Horseheads, New York. He was 73.


List of Jordanian consorts

This is a list of all the queens consort of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. No woman is allowed to be a queen regnant.

Dina bint Abdul-Hamid

Dina bint Abdul-Hamid (15 December 1929 – 21 August 2019) was the former Queen of Jordan. Her husband, the king, was Hussein of Jordan. They were married from 18 April 1955 to 24 June 1957. The marriage ended because the queen stated she did not love the king and they had political differences.

Dina was a graduate of Cambridge University. She lectured in English literature at Cairo University. Together they had one child, Princess Alia bint Hussein. She was the king's eldest child. She was born in Cairo, Egypt. 

Dina died on 21 August 2019 in Amman, Jordan at the age of 89.

Tasmannia

Tasmannia is a genus of woody, evergreen flowering plants native to Australia, New Guinea, Celebes, Borneo and the Philippines. Most species have aromatic bark and leaves. Some are used to extract essential oils. Their peppery-flavored fruits and leaves (especially dried) are increasingly used as a condiment in Australia. They have a peppery flavour due to the presence of polygodial. The taste is a cross between chile and peppercorn.

In Australia, the genus ranges from Tasmania and eastern Victoria and New South Wales to southeastern Queensland. It is also found in the mountains of northeastern Queensland. There it grows in moist mountain forests and in wet areas in the drier forest and along watercourses to up to 1500 m (5000 ft).

'Tasmanian pepper' or 'mountain pepper' (pictured) was the original pepperbush used by colonial Australians. It was grown in Cornwall in England, to become the 'Cornish pepperleaf' (associated with Cornish cuisine). It has large, peppery berries which are also high in antioxidants. But due to the presence of safrole, safrole-free strains of mountain pepper are selected for the spice trade. 

Dorrigo pepper ("Tasmannia stipitata") was the original pepper bush present in specialty foods restaurants in the 1980s. It is also sold as a spice today. Dorrigo pepper is safrole free and has a strong peppery flavour.


Tacuinum sanitatis

The Tacuinum (sometimes Taccuinum) Sanitatis is a medieval handbook mainly on health. It is based on the "Taqwim al‑sihha" ("Maintenance of Health"), an eleventh-century Arab work an health by Ibn Butlan of Baghdad. The text exists in several variant Latin versions. 

It describes in detail the beneficial and harmful properties of foods and plants. It explains the six essential elements for well-being:

"Tacuinum Sanitatis" says that illnesses result from imbalance of these elements.


Rapa Nui people

The Rapa Nui are the native Polynesian people of Easter Island, or Rapa Nui, in the Pacific Ocean. The easternmost Polynesian culture, the Rapa Nui people currently make up 60% of Easter Island's population. Some live in mainland Chile. They speak both the traditional Rapa Nui language and the primary language of the island, Spanish. At the 2002 census there were 3,304 island inhabitants. Almost all lived in the village of Hanga Roa on the sheltered west coast. 

As of 2011, Rapa Nui's main source of income comes from tourism. Tourists come to see the giant sculptures called Moai. Some fruits are grown for local use. Rapa Nui activists have been fighting for their right of self-determination. They also want control of the island. Recent protests by the Rapa Nui on Easter Island against Chilean rule has led to clashes with the Chilean police.

Humorism

Humorism, or humoralism, was a system of medicine about the makeup and workings of the human body. It was a belief that too much or too little of any of four distinct body fluids in a person directly influenced their temperament and health. The humoralist system of medicine is highly individualistic. Each individual patient was made up of their own unique combination of humors.

It resembled an early holistic approach to medicine linking mental and physical processes. From Hippocrates onward, the humoral theory was adopted by Greek, Roman and Persian physicians. It became the most commonly held view of the human body among early physicians until the coming of modern medical research in the nineteenth century. It has not been used in medicine since then.

<br>

Wrangel Island

Wrangel Island () is a small island in the Arctic Ocean belonging to Russia. It lies between the Chukchi Sea and East Siberian Sea. Wrangel Island lies across the 180° meridian. The International Date Line is displaced eastwards at this latitude to avoid the island and the Chukchi Peninsula on the Russian mainland. It is roughly in area. The closest land to Wrangel Island is tiny and rocky Herald Island located to the east. The distance to the closest point on the Siberian mainland is . Wrangel Island may have been the last place on earth where Woolly Mammoth survived. It is home to many arctic animals including polar bears. Since 1976 it has been a nature reserve.

Baron Ferdinand von Wrangel (1796–1870) was a German explorer and seaman in the service of the Russian Empire. He noticed birds flying north near the Kolyma river. From this he correctly deduced there was an island in the Arctic ocean. He searched for the island in the 1820s but never found it. 

In 1881 an American steamship, the "Thomas L. Corwin", searching for a lost expedition found themselves off Wrangel island. They searched the island for survivors but found none. They raised an American flag on the and claimed it for the United States. They named it "New Columbia", but the name never stuck. Nothing was done about the discovery for the next 30 years.

In 1913, Vilhjalmur Stefansson led a large expedition to discover a lost continent he believed was under the Arctic ice cap. They sailed from Victoria, British Columbia on June 17, 1913. Six weeks later their ship was caught in the ice. Stefansson and several companions left the expedition and returned to safety. When the ship was crushed, the crew set up camp on the ice. In March of 1914, Captain Bartlett led what was left of his crew 80 miles across the ice to Wrangel Island. Twelve survivors were picked up by a small whaling schooner in September of 1914. 

In 1921, Stefansson claimed Wrangel island for Canada. An expedition from Canada to colonize the island failed. By 1926 Russia re-established their claim to the island by setting up a colony there. Eventually the colonists returned to the mainland leaving the island deserted.

In 1976 the Soviet Union declared the island a "zapovednika", a federally protected nature reserve. In English it is called the Wrangel Island Nature Reserve. It protects large colonies of snow geese, polar bears, and walrus that live here. Only official Russian government personnel and invited guests can visit the reserve.

Wrangel island was never covered by glaciers during the last ice ages and it was never covered by water when the ice retreated. The soil and plants on Wrangel have been undisturbed by time. The interior valleys are mainly ancient Pleistocene tundra. They boast over 400 unique plant species.

Even though it is a very harsh climate Wrangel island has a large and diverse wildlife population. It is the world's largest Polar Bear denning ground. There are about 400 female bears who raise their young here. It has the world's largest population of Pacific Walrus. The island has large populations of Snow Geese, Snowy Owls, seals, Arctic wolves, Arctic fox and lemmings. One thing the island seems to be missing is mosquitoes.

Wrangel island may have been the last place Woolly Mammoths ("Mammuthus primigenius") existed before becoming extinct. The island is littered with mammoth tusks. A population of mammoths existed here some 6,000 years after they went extinct on the mainland. They survived until about 1650 BCE. Archaeological evidence on the island shows them to be a smaller subspecies, "Mammuth primigenius wrangelensis".

DNA methylation

DNA methylation is the main way gene activity is adjusted during life, especially during early development.

It is how methyl groups are added to DNA. This suppresses gene transcription. Two of DNA's four nucleotides, cytosine and adenine, can be methylated. Since adenine methylation is restricted to prokaryotes, all eukaryote transcription is regulated by suppressing cytosine.

Suppressing genes is the basis of epigenetics, the study of changes in gene activity which are "not" caused by changes in the DNA sequence. It is the study of gene expression, the way genes bring about their phenotypic effects.

The changes in gene activity by methylation may last for the rest of the cell's life, and for many generations of cells through cell divisions. However, there is no change in the underlying DNA sequence of the organism. Instead, non-hereditary factors cause the organism's genes to behave (express themselves) differently.


Honey bee

A honey bee (or honeybee) is any bee that is a member of the genus Apis. They are all eusocial flying insects which live in colonies of various sizes. 

They are only a small fraction of the 20,000 known species of bee. They produce and store honey and make perennial, colonial nests from wax. There are both stinging and stingless honey bees. 

Honey bees are the only living members of the tribe Apini, all in the genus "Apis". There are only seven species of honey bee, with a total of 44 subspecies. Historically, from six to eleven species have been recognized. 

Some other types of bees produce and store honey, but only members of the genus "Apis" are true honey bees. The study of honey bees is known as <nowiki>"melittology"</nowiki>.

The first "Apis" bees appear in the European fossil record at the Eocene–Oligocene boundary (34 million years ago). This shows that the bees were present in Europe by that time. Few fossil deposits are known from South Asia, the suspected region of honey bee origin.

No "Apis" species existed in the New World during human times before the introduction of "A. mellifera" by Europeans. Only one fossil species is known, a single 14-million-year-old specimen from Nevada.

The close relatives of modern honey bees – bumblebees and stingless bees – are also social, but with smaller numbers in their families.

All honey bees (and perhaps all bees) use scent as a way to co-ordinate their activities. Nasonov's gland produces a pheromone used to get worker bees together. The pheromone can attract workers to a settled swarm and draw bees who have lost their way back to the hive.


Negev tortoise

The Negev tortoise ("Testudo werneri") is a tortoise found mainly in the Negev desert in southern Israel. It was once present in the Sinai Peninsula. In Israel it is protected by law and there are conservation programs. It is currently considered a critically endangered species. 

The Negev is one of the world's smallest tortoises. Unlike other tortoises it does not hibernate in winter. Instead, winter is the breeding season. In 2010 the IUCN recommended that Israel take additional steps to protect the Negev tortoise including creating a wildlife preserve.

There is some disagreement over whether the Negev tortoise is the same species as the Kleinmann's tortoise.

Diana Ross (1970 album)

Diana Ross (also re-released as Ain't No Mountain High Enough) is the self-titled debut solo album by American recording artist Diana Ross. It was released on June 19, 1970 by Motown Records. The album was released after Ross left R&B girl group The Supremes, a group Ross had been in since 1959.

The album was quite successful and critics felt that the album is one of Ross’ best albums she had released in her career.

"All tracks written and produced by Nickolas Ashford & Valerie Simpson, except for "These Things Will Keep Me Loving You", written by Johnny Bristol/Harvey Fuqua/Sylvia Moy and produced by Bristol."






Alanine

Alanine (abbreviated as Ala or A) is an α-amino acid. It has the chemical formula CHCH(NH)COOH. 

The -isomer is one of the 20 amino acids encoded by the genetic code. Its codons are GCU, GCC, GCA, and GCG. It is classified as a non-polar amino acid. 

-Alanine accounts for 7.8% of the primary structure in a sample of 1,150 proteins. Leucine is the only amino acid which is more common. 

-Alanine occurs in bacterial cell walls and in some peptide antibiotics.

Nature reserve

A nature reserve (preserve or (national/nature) conserve) is a protected area. It protects wildlife, flora (plants) and fauna (animals). Reserves may also protect geological features or other special interests. A nature reserve is land that is kept for conservation and to provide special opportunities for study or research.

Nature reserves can be created by government institutions. They can also be created by private landowners, such as charities and research institutions, regardless of nationality. The International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) is an organization that helps countries and others with conservation programs and management.


Wrangell Island

Wrangell Island is an island in the Alaska Panhandle of southeastern Alaska. It is long and 8–23 km (3–14 miles) wide. It has a land area of , making it the 29th largest island in the United States. Wrangell is separated from the mainland by the narrow Blake Channel. 

Wrangell has been ruled by Russia, Great Britain and the United States. It was visited in 1799 by "The Dragon", a ship out of Boston, Massachusetts. They traded with the Stikine Tlingit peoples. It was occupied in 1834 by the Russians. It is named after Ferdinand Wrangel, a German explorer in Russian service. From 1867 to 1877 it was a U.S. military post. Later it was a stopping point for hunters, explorers and miners using the Stikine river route to the Yukon.

The island contains the city of Wrangell, Alaska. Wrangell Island is heavily forested and contains an abundance of wildlife. The only other community is Thoms Place. Wrangell Island's total population was 2,401 at the 2000 census. Fishing and mining are the main jobs. A sawmill closed in the 1990s. The island and surrounding areas contain many recreational areas. It is at the mouth of the Stikine River.

University of Chicago sit-ins

the University of Chicago sit-ins were a series of nonviolent protests at the University of Chicago in Chicago, Illinois in 1962. It was because of segregation at the university. It was led by future United States senator of Vermont Bernie Sanders.

Everything Is Everything (Diana Ross album)

Everything Is Everything is the second album by Diana Ross, released in 1970. After the huge success of her self-named album and the two singles released from it, Motown rushed the release of "Everything is Everything" album and therefore the album was released just a few months after it. Like Ross' previous album, the album had two singles released off of it, "I'm Still Waiting" and "Doobedood'ndoobe, Doobedood'ndoobe, Doobedbood'ndoo".




Franco Interlenghi

Franco Interlenghi (29 October 1931 – 10 September 2015) was an Italian actor. He has worked with great directors such as Federico Fellini in "I Vitelloni", Michelangelo Antonioni in "I Vinti" and Luchino Visconti in his stage adaptation of "Death of a Salesman".

Interlenghi died on 10 September 2015 in Rome, aged 83.

Antonella Lualdi

Antonella Lualdi (6 July 1931 – 10 August 2023) was an Italian actress and singer. She appeared in many Italian and French movies in the 1950s and 1960s, notably in Claude Autant-Lara's movie "Le rouge et le noir" in 1954, opposite Gérard Philipe.

Lualdi died on 10 August 2023 in Rome, Italy at the age of 92.


Luchino Visconti

Luchino Visconti di Modrone, Count of Lonate Pozzolo (2 November 1906 – 17 March 1976), was an Italian theatre, opera and movie director, and screenwriter. He was best known for his movies "The Leopard" (1963) and "Death in Venice" (1971).

On 17 March 1976, Visconti died from a stroke in Rome, Italy. He was age 69.


Carlo Lizzani

Carlo Lizzani (3 April 1922 – 5 October 2013) was an Italian movie director, screenwriter and critic. He was born in Rome. He was known for his movies "The Violent Four" (1968) and "Crazy Joe" (1974) or crime-comedy "Roma Bene" (1971).

Lizzani committed suicide by jumping off the balcony of his house in Rome, aged 91.

Whitney Dancin' Special

Whitney Dancin' Special" "is the first extended play/remix album by American singer Whitney Houston, it was released only in Japan on November 1, 1986 by Arista RecordsIt includes 5 remixed and 1 instrumental versions of songs from Houston's self-titled debut album (1985). The album peaked at #14 in the Japanese charts and sold 19,480 copies there.

James E. Proctor Jr.

James Edward Proctor, Jr. (June 14, 1936 – September 10, 2015) was an American politician. He represented district 27A in the Maryland House of Delegates from May 1990 until his death.

Proctor was born in Washington, D.C. to an African American family. He lived in Accokeek, Maryland with his wife Elizabeth G. Proctor.

Proctor died from heart disease on September 10, 2015 in Washington, D.C., aged 79.

George R. Klare

George R. Klare (Minneapolis, 1922 – The Plains, Ohio, 2006) was a World War II veteran and a distinguished professor of psychology and dean at Ohio University.

Klare served as a navigator on a B-17 Flying Fortresss in the Eighth Air Force in England. On December 31, 1944, he was shot down over Germany. He spent the rest of World War II in German POW camps. He was liberated by advancing Soviet troops from Stalag Luft One on May 1, 1945. He was honorably discharged as a First Lieutenant in December, 1945, receiving the Air Medal, the Purple Heart, European area ribbons and the Prisoner of War medal.

Klare later recounted his experiences as a prisoner of war in a chapter entitled "Questions" in "Interrogations, Confessions, and Entrapment," published by Springer in 2004.

In 1978, he was named Distinguished Professor of Psychology. While at Ohio University, he served as chair of the Psychology Department from 1959 to 1963, as acting dean of the College of Arts and Sciences in 1965–66 and in 1984–85, and as Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences from 1966 to 1971. He was also acting associate provost for graduate and research programs from 1986 until his retirement in 1987. in 1981, Klare was elected to the Reading Hall of Fame of the International Reading Association in 1997. He is listed in "Who's Who in America".

His major contribution was in the field of readability. From the beginning of the 20th century, the assessment of the grade level of texts for different grades of readers was a central concern of reading research. It was well known that without correctly graded texts, readers would not improve their reading skill. There were over 1,000 published studies on this topic. Klare's contribution to that effort came both in his critical reviews of the studies and his participation in original research.


List of presidents of Cuba

This is a list of the presidents of Cuba beginning in 1902.


Turritopsis dohrnii

Turritopsis dohrnii, also known as the immortal jellyfish, is a species of small jellyfish found in the Mediterranean Sea and in the waters off Japan. 

It is the only known case of an animal which can revert completely to a sexually immature, colonial stage after it has reached sexual maturity as an individual.

Like most other hydrozoans, "T. dohrnii" begin life as free-swimming tiny larvae known as a planula. As a planula settles down, it gives rise to a colony of polyps that are attached to the sea-floor. While an immortal jellyfish can age in reverse, it can also be killed by predators including various fish, sharks, turtles and even other jellyfish. 

Jellyfish, also known as medusae, bud off these polyps and continue their life in a free-swimming form. Eventually they become sexually mature. All the polyps and jellyfish coming from a single planula are genetically identical clones.

"Turritopsis dohrnil" is a species of jellyfish that apparently does not die of natural causes, because it can revert to the juvenile stage from the adult stage. However, it is not actually immortal. Most "Turritopsis" are likely to be eaten by predators or die from disease in the adult stage.

Shin Kubota from Kyoto University, has managed to keep these jellyfish for a long time. 
Kubota reported that during a two-year period, his colony rebirthed itself 11 times.

St. Croix River (Wisconsin–Minnesota)

The St. Croix River () is a tributary of the Mississippi River. It is about long. The St. Croix flows in the U.S. states of Wisconsin and Minnesota. The lower of the river forms the border between Wisconsin and Minnesota. The river is a National Scenic Riverway under the protection of the National Park Service. A hydroelectric plant at St. Croix Falls supplies electricity to the Minneapolis–St. Paul metropolitan area.

Father Louis Hennepin wrote in 1683, from information probably provided by Daniel Greysolon, Sieur du Lhut: "There is another River which falls ... into the Meschasipi ... We named it "The River of the Grave", or "Mausoleum", because the Savages buried there one of their Men ... who was bitten by a Rattlesnake." Father Hennepin called it in French "Rivière du Tombeaux".

There are several possible explanations for the origin of the present name. An early map dated to 1688 recorded a "Fort St. Croix" on the upper part of the river. Near the mouth of the river was a French Voyageur's grave marked with a cross. The most likely explanation was that it was named for a French trader named Sainte-Croix.
The name "Rivière de Sainte-Croix" was applied to the river sometime in 1688 or 1689.

On "Map of the Territories of Michigan and Ouisconsin" (1830) by John Farmer, the St. Croix River is shown as the "Chippewa River". However, by 1843, Joseph Nicollet's "Hydrographical Basin of the Upper Mississippi River" reinforced the name provided by Franquelin's 1688 map.

The river valley and the surrounding area was originally occupied by the Ojibwe, Dakota and nine other American Indian tribes. The Indians mainly lived on wild rice, fish, and game. By the eighteenth century, the Ojibwe and Dakota were the two main tribes that inhabited the area. This lasted until around 1745, when the Dakota were driven from the St. Croix Valley as a result of the Battle of Kathio. It is worth noting that many Dakota and Ojibwe people still occupy this area to this day, as it is particularly considered a part of Dakota homeland. 

The first Europeans to arrive in the area were Sieur du Lhut and his men in the fall and winter of 1679-1680. For the next eighty years the area was mainly under French influence. The fur trade grew throughout the first half of the eighteenth century. Beaver pelts were one of the main products. French trade in the upper valley was dominated by the Ojibwe. They were tied to Lake Superior traders. In the lower valley the Dakota assisted in trading with merchants based out of St. Louis. After the end of the French and Indian War in 1763, British traders entered the area. They grew in numbers and influence with the help of the powerful North West Company.

The 1837 Treaty of St. Peters with the Ojibwe gave the United States government a large tract of land in what today is north central Wisconsin and east central Minnesota. This opened the region to logging. The river was important to float the logs downstream to the sawmills that processed it. During the 1840s, important sawmills were located at St. Croix Falls and Marine on St. Croix. In the 1850s Stillwater became the primary lumber destination. During this time the population of Stillwater grew rapidly. New sawmills were opened, and the town saw an influx of capital, primarily from lumber companies based in St. Louis. In 1856 construction began on a boom site two miles north of Stillwater. It was used to hold and sort the logs floating downstream. The boom was in operation for over fifty years. The St. Croix Boom Site is now a wayside rest and National Historic Landmark along Minnesota State Highway 95.

There were vast white pine forests in the upper St. Croix river valley. They provided the forest products that built the towns along Lake St. Croix, Minneapolis and St. Paul. The St. Croix along with the forests in Red Cedar, Chippewa, and Rum valleys provided supplies for the building of Winona, Minnesota, Davenport, Iowa, Rock Island, Illinois, and St. Louis.

The lumber industry continued to grow throughout the latter half of the nineteenth century, with larger log drives in the spring caused dangers to navigation on the river above Stillwater. Logs were frequently caught in log jams at the narrow parts of the St. Croix River near St. Croix Falls. In 1883 the blockade was so severe it took almost two months before the flow of logs was re-established. At its peak in 1890, logging in the St. Croix River valley produced of lumber and logs. The lumber industry continued until the last major log drive in 1912 marked the end of the rich white pine forests of the area.

It was along the banks of the St. Croix, in the milltown of Stillwater, that the state of Minnesota was first proposed in 1848.

The St. Croix River starts in the northwestern corner of Wisconsin. It flows out of Upper St. Croix Lake in Douglas County. The lake is near Solon Springs, approximately south of Lake Superior. The St. Croix flows south into Gordon, then southwest. It is joined by the Namekagon River in northern Burnett County. A few miles downstream the St. Croix meets the boundary between Minnesota and Wisconsin. It marks that boundary for another until its confluence with the Mississippi River.

The St. Croix River was one of the original eight rivers to be protected by the National Wild and Scenic Rivers Act of 1968. The upper parts of the river for the first and the Namekagon River are protected as the "St. Croix National Scenic Riverway". The only interruption is a hydroelectric dam operated by the Northern States Power Company at St. Croix Falls, Wisconsin. The lower , including both sides of the river along the Minnesota-Wisconsin border, were protected as part of the "Lower St. Croix National Scenic Riverway". 

Barbara Palvin

Barbara Palvin (, born 8 October 1993) is a Hungarian Supermodel and actress. 
She started her career in 2010 by walking the runway for a Prada fashion show. Miuccia Prada chose her to walk exclusively for her brand.

In 2012, she became a spokesmodel for L'Oréal and walked the Victoria's Secret fashion show. 

In 2014, she portrayed Antimache in "Hercules". She is married to American actor Dylan Sprouse since 2023.

Stillwater, Minnesota

Stillwater is a city in Washington County, Minnesota. It is on the St. Croix River directly across from the state of Wisconsin. The population was 19,394 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat. Stillwater is part of the Twin Cities Metro Area.

On July 29 and September 29, 1837, treaties were signed between the US government and the local Ojibwa and Dakota nations. They allowed settlement in the St. Croix River Valley. The town was founded by settlers drawn by the area's then-abundant lumber and river traffic. It is one of Minnesota's oldest towns, preceding Minneapolis by several years. Stillwater was officially incorporated as a city on March 4, 1854 (the same day as St. Paul). The city was named for the calm waters of the St. Croix River.

Stillwater is often called the birthplace of Minnesota. In 1848, a territorial convention that began the process of establishing Minnesota as a state was held in Stillwater. The convention selected three leading Minnesota cities as locations for three important public institutions. Minneapolis got the University of Minnesota, Saint Paul became the capital, and Stillwater was chosen as the site of the territory's first prison. The Minnesota Territorial Prison was opened in 1853.
Lumbering was the main industry in the St. Croix River Valley in the second half of the nineteenth century. For many years logs were sent down the St. Croix river, collected at the St. Croix Boom Site two miles upstream of Stillwater, and processed in Stillwater's many sawmills. Steamboats were used most widely from 1860 to 1890, and a few are still used for entertainment today. 

Stillwater sent men of the 1st Minnesota Volunteer Infantry Company B and the 8th Minnesota Volunteer Infantry Regiment Company C to fight during the American Civil War.

Alan Purwin

Alan David Purwin (c. 1962 – September 11, 2015) was an American helicopter pilot, entrepreneur and philanthropist. He was known for being the aerial movie operator "Transformers", "Star Trek", and "Jurassic World". Purwin was born in Los Angeles, California.

On September 11, 2015, Purwin died as a passenger in a plane crash near Santa Fe de Antioquia, Colombia, during the shooting of the movie "Mena". He was 53 years old.

National Botanic Garden of Israel

National Botanic Garden of Israel (official name: The Botanical Garden for the Native Plants of Israel in memory of Montague Lamport, in ) is a botanic garden located in Mount Scopus in Jerusalem. The garden is dedicated to the plants of Israel.

The botanic garden was opened in 1931 by Otto Warburg and Alexander Eig. They were the founders of the botanic department of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. After Mount Scopus was isolated from Israel in 1948, they decided to create a new botanical garden in West Jerusalem, in Givat Ram. The new garden, Jerusalem Botanical Gardens, was opened in 1954.

The National Botanic Garden of Israel is also an archaeological park. It has many Jewish burial caves from the Second Temple period. In the southern part of the garden there is a famous cave called the Tomb of Nicanor. The cave is also burial place of two Zionist activists: Leon Pinsker and Menachem Ussishkin.



Willi Fuggerer

Willi Fuggerer (11 September 1941 – September 2015) was a German track cyclist. He was born in Nuremberg. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in the 2000 m tandem and 1000 m sprint and finished in third and fifth place, respectively. 

Antoine Lahad

Antoine Lahad (1927 – 10 September 2015) was a Lebanese general and leader of the South Lebanon Army (SLA) from 1984 until 2000.

Lahad died in Paris on 10 September 2015 from a heart attack, aged 88.

Adrian Frutiger

Adrian Frutiger (May 24, 1928 – September 12, 2015) was a Swiss typeface designer. He was known for typing name of cities and towns on road signs. His most famous signs designs include Univers, Frutiger and Avenir. He was born in Unterseen, Switzerland.

Frutiger died in Bremgarten bei Bern, Switzerland, aged 87.

Hudson, Wisconsin

Hudson is a city in and the county seat of St. Croix County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 United States census, its population was 12,719. It is part of the Minneapolis–St. Paul Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA). Hudson is bordered on the north by the village of North Hudson and the Willow River. On the North and East is the township of Hudson. To the south is the township of Troy. It is bounded on the west by the St. Croix River.

Hudson was settled in the summer of 1840 by Louis Massey and his brother in-law, Peter Bouchea. William Steets arrived at about the same time. Later that same year, Joseph Sauperson (commonly known as Joe LaGrue) moved there. These four are considered Hudson's original inhabitants. Massey and Bouchea settled at the mouth of the Willow River, near the present-day First and St. Croix Streets. They had been part of the group who lived for some time along the river below Fort Snelling. This appears on some old maps as "Massey's Landing". The 1840s saw a few settlers arriving here — Captain John Page, the Nobles brothers, Dr. Philip Aldrich, Ammah Andrews, Moses Perrin, Colonel James Hughes, Daniel Anderson, and others.

Hudson was originally called "Willow River". It was later named "Buena Vista" by Judge Joel Foster, founder of River Falls. This was after he returned from the Mexican–American War where he fought in the Battle of Buena Vista. In 1852, Alfred D. Gray, Hudson's first mayor, petitioned to change the name of the city to "Hudson", because the bluffs along the St. Croix River reminded him of the Hudson River in his native New York.

A large number of settlers arrived in the 1850s and 1860s. Many of were the ancestors of today's residents. The lumber industry was the prime attraction of the area. Over time sawmills were started throughout the St. Croix Valley.

On August 30, 1917 a violent mob of 1,000 held a night rally in front of the armory. They were protesting the attempt by the pacifist People's Council of America to hold a conference in Hudson's prizefighting arena. The crowd then went after the four wiktorganizers in the lobby of their hotel and threatened to hang them. Only after the pleadings of county attorney N. O. Varnum were the four allowed to leave town.

U.S. Highway 12 once crossed the St. Croix River on a toll bridge between Wisconsin and Minnesota, which provided revenue for the town. With the construction of Interstate 94, the toll bridge was removed. The long causeway extending to the former bridge location is now open to the public as a pedestrian walkway.
Hudson has grown as a tourist destination in recent years. There are shops and restaurants on the St. Croix river in its historic downtown, along with hotels and other businesses that serve traffic on Interstate Highway 94.

River Falls, Wisconsin

River Falls is a city in Pierce and St. Croix counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. It is located mostly within the Town of River Falls in Pierce County. A small part lies within the Town of Kinnickinnic in St. Croix County. River Falls is the most populous city in Pierce county. The population was 15,000 at the 2010 census. It is divided by 11,851 living in Pierce County, and 3,149 in St. Croix County. It is part of the Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan area. River Falls is the home of the University of Wisconsin–River Falls.

Doug Sahm

Douglas Wayne Sahm (November 6, 1941 – November 18, 1999), was an American musician. He was born in San Antonio, Texas. He was a child prodigy in country music. He later became best known in roots rock, tejano music, Americana and other genres. 

He was the lead singer of a popular 1960s rock and roll band, the Sir Douglas Quintet. He later formed a Tex Mex band with Augie Meyers, Freddy Fender and Flaco Jimenez. 

Sahm started his musical career singing and playing steel guitar, mandolin and violin. He first sang on the radio at age five. He recorded his first song, "A
Real American Joe", at age eleven. On December 19, 1952, when he was eleven, he played on stage with Hank Williams Sr. at the Skyline Club in Austin, Texas. It was Hank Williams's last time playing. He died on New Year's Day of 1953. He died of heart failure while on the road to his next show in Canton, Ohio. 

When he was thirteen, Sahm was invited to join the Grand Ole Opry, but his mother wanted him to finish junior high school. When he was a teenager, he started sneaking into San Antonio rhythm and blues bars to play music.

In 1965, Sahm formed the band, Sir Douglas Quintet, with a childhood friend, Augie Meyers. A record producer picked the band's name so they would seem British. At the time, music from Britain was so popular in the United States, it had a name: "British invasion". The British name only helped a little. Sahm had a Texas accent and two band members were Hispanic. Some early photographs of the band tried to hide this from music fans.

The band had a Top Twenty US hit with "She's About a Mover". It also made the Top Twenty in the UK Singles Chart. 

Bob Dylan liked the group's sound and said: "Look, for me right now there are three groups: Butterfield Blues Band, The Byrds and the Sir Douglas Quintet."

The band broke up after an arrest for having marijuana, in Corpus Christi, Texas. 

After the breakup, Sahm moved to San Francisco to begin a blues band. Later, he and Augie Meyers got back together as Sir Douglas Quintet, with new members. They recorded a successful album and single, both named "Mendocino". 

In 1973, Jerry Wexler of Atlantic Records produced Sahm's first solo album, "Doug Sahm and Band". Bob Dylan, Dr. John and Flaco Jiménez also played on the album. Wexler said: "Then in October 1972, Dylan was in the studio with Doug Sahm... Dylan having been friendly with Sahm since the mid-sixties and having expressed enthusiasm for the Sir Douglas Quintet on more than one occasion".

Sahm also played on recordings by other artists during this time, including The Grateful Dead and Willie Nelson.

In 1989, Sahm started the Tex-Mex supergroup, the Texas Tornados, with Freddy Fender, Augie Meyers, and Flaco Jimenez. They recorded seven albums. These included two live ones, and a "Best of" collection. Their first album won a Grammy for Best Mexican-American Performance for their song "Soy de San Luis", in 1991. 

Sahm played on the 1993 Uncle Tupelo album "Anodyne", on the song "Give Back the Key to my Heart". He also recorded a Grammy-winning solo album, "The Last Real Texas Blues Band", in 1994.

Sahm died of a myocardial infarction while asleep in a motel room in Taos, New Mexico, on November 18, 1999. He is buried in Sunset Memorial Park in San Antonio.

A posthumous album, "The Return of Wayne Douglas", was released in 2000. Sahm's son, Shawn, leads his own Tex Mex band. They were on the cover of Rolling Stone in 1968, as father and son. Doug Sahm's other son, Shandon Sahm, is the drummer for the Meat Puppets as of 2010.

Sahm has been named into in the South Texas Music Walk of Fame. In 2008, he was inducted into the Austin Music Memorial, in the first group.
He also was given the Americana Music Association (AMA)'s Presidents Award in 2002.

In 2008, Austin, Texas approved the naming of Doug Sahm Hill, in a park near Lady Bird Lake, to honor him.

In October 2012, Steve Earle played a tribute to Sahm at Hardly Strictly Bluegrass Festival in Golden Gate Park. His group played several of Sahm's Americana songs.

A documentary movie, "Sir Doug & the Genuine Texas Cosmic Groove", premiered at South by Southwest (SXSW) music festival. This was in Austin, Texas on March 19, 2015.



Yamaha DX7

Yamaha DX7 is a digital programmable musical synthesizer. It was first made and released in 1983. The Yamaha DX7 ROM-4A patch "Synthbrass" was heard in the Corey Hart song "Sunglasses at Night".

Yamaha TX7 is a keyboardless sound module and rack version of Yamaha DX7 and was made in 1985 and released in 1985-present. Editing cannot be done on the front side but must be done through MIDI using the DX7 Keyboard or a computer. Software such as Unisyn can be used to edit. It has been used by producers like Genesis, Human League and Spice Girls.

Kinnickinnic River (St. Croix River)

The Kinnickinnic River, called the Kinni for short, is a river in northwestern Wisconsin in the United States. The Kinni is a cold water fishery supporting a population of native Brook Trout and naturally reproducing Brown Trout. The Kinnickinnic River is officially designated as a Class I trout stream by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources. This means it is a "high quality" trout water that has populations of wild trout. Also, these streams do not need stocking with hatchery trout.

The main recreational activity on the upper part of the Kinnickinnic River is trout fishing. Nearer to River Falls downtown, walking, hiking, running, mountain biking along the trails are popular activities. The City is also a Bird City and attracts a number of birders along the river. Kayaking along the lower parts of the river has become popular.

Mecca crane collapse

On 11 September 2015, a mobile crawler crane accidentally fell onto the Masjid al-Haram in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. At least 118 people were killed and another 394 were injured. The victims were mostly foreigners, among the injured and dead included citizens of Indonesia, Turkey, Iran, Egypt, Algeria, Bangladesh, Pakistan, India, Malaysia, Afghanistan, Morocco, Iraq, Nigeria and the United Kingdom.

William French Smith

William French Smith (August 26, 1917 – October 29, 1990) was an American lawyer. He was the 74th United States Attorney General serving from 1981 through 1985.


Dick Thornburgh

Richard Lewis "Dick" Thornburgh (July 16, 1932 – December 31, 2020) was an American lawyer and Republican politician. He served as the 41st Governor of Pennsylvania from 1979 to 1987, and then as the U.S. Attorney General from 1988 to 1991.

Thornburg resigned as Attorney General to run for the United States Senate in Pennsylvania in 1991, but lost to Democratic Harris Wofford.

Thornburgh died on December 31, 2020 in Verona, Pennsylvania at the age of 88.


James G. Watt

James Gaius Watt (January 31, 1938 – May 27, 2023) was an American lawyer and politician. He was United States Secretary of the Interior from 1981 to 1983. He was called an "anti-environmentalist". He was one of Ronald Reagan's most controversial cabinet appointments. Watt resigned after saying a controversial remark about affirmative action.

In 1995, Watt was indicted on 18 counts of felony perjury and obstruction of justice for making false statements before a federal grand jury. He was sentenced to five years probation. 

Watt died on May 27, 2023 in Arizona at the age of 85.


Donald P. Hodel

Donald Paul Hodel (born May 23, 1935) is an American politician and businessman. He is the former United States Secretary of Energy and former Secretary of the Interior. He served in the Ronald Reagan cabinet. He is Chairman of the company FreeEats.com/ccAdvertising.

John Rusling Block

John Rusling Block (born February 15, 1935) is an American politician. He served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture under President Ronald Reagan from 1981 through 1986. He later became a lobbyist.


Richard Edmund Lyng

Richard Edmund Lyng (June 29, 1918 – February 1, 2003) was an American politician. As a Republican, he served as the United States Secretary of Agriculture between 1986 and 1989 under the Ronald Reagan administration.

Lyng died of complications from Parkinson's disease in Modesto, California, on February 1, 2003.

Malcolm Baldrige Jr.

Howard Malcolm "Mac" Baldrige, Jr. (October 4, 1922 – July 25, 1987) was an American businessman. He served as the United States Secretary of Commerce from 1981 until his death in 1987.

Baldrige died from injuries he suffered from a rodeo competition in Walnut Creek, California, aged 64.


William Verity Jr.

Calvin William Verity, Jr. (January 26, 1917 – January 3, 2007) was an American administrator and steel industrialist. He served as the Secretary of Commerce between 1987 and 1989, under President Ronald Reagan.

He died on January 3, 2007, a complications of pneumonia, in Beaufort, South Carolina, at the age of 89.

Raymond J. Donovan

Raymond James "Ray" Donovan (August 31, 1930 – June 2, 2021) was an American businessman and politician. He served as U.S. Secretary of Labor under President Reagan from 1981 until 1985. Donovan was born in Bayonne, New Jersey.

Donovan died on June 2, 2021 in New Vernon, New Jersey from congestive heart failure at the age of 90.


Ann McLaughlin Korologos

Ann McLaughlin Korologos (born Ann Lauenstein; November 16, 1941 — January 30, 2023), formerly known as Ann Dore McLaughlin, is an American politician. She was the United States Secretary of Labor from 1987 to 1989.


Margaret Heckler

Margaret Mary Heckler (June 21, 1931 – August 6, 2018) was an American Republican politician from Massachusetts.

She served in the United States House of Representatives for eight terms, from 1967 until 1983 and was later the Secretary of Health and Human Services and Ambassador to Ireland under President Ronald Reagan. After her defeat in 1982, no woman would be elected to Congress from Massachusetts until Niki Tsongas in a special election in 2007.

Heckler died at a hospital in Arlington, Virginia from a heart attack on August 6, 2018 at the age of 87.


John S. Herrington

John Stewart Herrington (born May 31, 1939) is an American Republican politician. He served as the United States Secretary of Energy under Ronald Reagan during his second term.


Kenneth Duberstein

Kenneth M. Duberstein (April 21, 1944 – March 2, 2022) was an American politician and lobbyist. He served as U.S. President Ronald Reagan's White House Chief of Staff from 1988 to 1989.

Duberstein died at a hospital in Washington, D.C. on March 2, 2022 at the age of 77.

David Stockman

David Alan Stockman (born November 10, 1946) is a former businessman and American politician. He served as a Republican U.S. Representative from the state of Michigan (1977–1981) and as the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (1981–1985) under President Ronald Reagan.

James C. Miller III

James Clifford Miller III (born June 25, 1942, in Atlanta, Georgia) is a former U.S. government official and economist. He served as chairman of the Federal Trade Commission between 1981 and 1985 and as Budget Director for President Ronald Reagan between 1985 and 1988. He also ran for United States Senate in Virginia, losing the Republican nomination at the convention to Oliver North in 1994 and losing the nomination in the primary to John Warner in 1996.

Joseph Robert Wright, Jr.

Joseph Robert "Joe" Wright, Jr. (born 1938) is an American businessman and politician. He served as Director of the Office of Management and Budget from 1988 through 1989.


Clayton Keith Yeutter

Clayton Keith Yeutter, ONZM (December 10, 1930 – March 4, 2017) was an American politician. He served as United States Secretary of Agriculture under President George H. W. Bush from 1989 to 1991 before serving as Counselor to the President in 1992. He served as United States Trade Representative from 1985 to 1989 and as Chairman for the Republican National Committee from 1991 until 1992.

Yeutter died from colorectal cancer in Potomac, Maryland on March 4, 2017, aged 86.


William Ruckelshaus

William Doyle Ruckelshaus (July 24, 1932 – November 27, 2019) was an American attorney and government official. He worked during the Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan presidencies. He was known for resigning under the Nixon administration after he refused to carryout Nixon's orders to fire key investigators of the Watergate Scandal.

Ruckelshaus was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. He studied at Harvard University and at Princeton University.

He served as the first head of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in 1970, was subsequently acting Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and then Deputy Attorney General of the United States. During 1983 through 1985 he returned as EPA Administrator.

In 1968, he ran for the United States Senate in Indiana, but narrowly lost the election to Birch Bayh with 51.7% to 48.2%.

In November 2015, Ruckelshaus was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama during a ceremony at the White House.

Ruckelshaus died at his home in Medina, Washington on November 27, 2019 at the age of 87.


Lee M. Thomas

Lee Muller Thomas (born June 13, 1944) was head of the United States Environmental Protection Agency from 1985 to 1989 under President Ronald Reagan. He succeeded William Ruckelshaus. He is a Republican.

Anne Gorsuch Burford

Anne Gorsuch Burford (April 21, 1942 – July 18, 2004), also known as Anne M. Gorsuch, was an American attorney and politician. Between 1981 and 1983, while known as Anne M. Gorsuch, she served under President Ronald Reagan as the first female Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). She was born in Casper, Wyoming.

Burford was married to David Gorsuch from 1964 until they divorced in 1982. They had two children, including Judge Neil Gorsuch, who is President Donald Trump's nominee to United States Supreme Court. In 1983, she married Robert Burford. He died in 1993. They had one child.

Burford died in Aurora, Colorado from cancer on July 18, 2004, aged 62.


Beryl Wayne Sprinkel

Beryl Wayne Sprinkel (November 20, 1923 – August 22, 2009) was a member of the Executive Office of the US President and chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors (CEA) between April 4, 1985 and January 21, 1989, during the Reagan administration.

Murray Weidenbaum

Murray Lew Weidenbaum (February 10, 1927 – March 20, 2014), was an American economist. He was the Edward Mallinckrodt Distinguished University Professor and Honorary Chairman of the Murray Weidenbaum Center on the Economy, Government, and Public Policy at Washington University in St. Louis.

He has served as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy (19691971). He was chairman of President Ronald Reagan's first Council of Economic Advisors from 1981–1982.

Jarryd Hayne

Jarryd Lee Hayne (born 15 February 1988) is an Australian American football player and former rugby league player. He used to play for the San Francisco 49ers in the National Football League (NFL). During his time playing rugby league, he played for the Parramatta Eels of the National Rugby League (NRL) from 2006 until 2014.

Hayne was born in Sydney, New South Wales. His father is Manoa Thompson, a Fijian rugby league player, and an Australian mother, Jodie. He has three siblings.

Martin Feldstein

Martin Stuart "Marty" Feldstein (November 25, 1939 – June 11, 2019) was an American economist. He was the George F. Baker Professor of Economics at Harvard University, and the president emeritus of the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER). 
He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the NBER from 1978 through 2008. From 1982 to 1984, Feldstein served as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers and as chief economic advisor to President Ronald Reagan (where his deficit hawk views clashed with Reagan administration economic policies). 

He was a member of the Washington-based financial advisory body the Group of Thirty, becoming a member in 2003. Feldstein died on June 11, 2019 from cancer in Belmont, Massachusetts, aged 79.


Tabachnik National Garden

Tabachnik National Garden is a national park located on Mount Scopus in Jerusalem. The garden has some Jewish burial caves from the Second Temple period (between 530 BC and 70 AD). It also has two smaller cemeteries. There is a memorial wall for the students of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem who died in defending of the State of Israel. 


Background radiation

Background radiation is the natural radiation we get by living on Earth. There are many naturally occurring radioactive isotopes which decay over time. They release radioactive particles or radiation into the surroundings. We call this "background radiation".

The biggest source of natural background radiation is radon in the air. This radioactive gas comes from the ground. Radon and its isotopes, parent radionuclides, and decay products make up most of the radiation we get.

Radioactive material is found throughout nature. It occurs naturally in soil, rocks, water, air, and vegetation, from which it is taken into the body. Humans also get radiation from radioactive materials outside the body and from cosmic radiation from space.

The worldwide average natural dose to humans is about 2.4 millisievert (mSv) per year. This is four times the worldwide average artificial radiation exposure, which in 2008 amounted to about 0.6 mSv per year. In addition there are X-rays and other forms of medical imaging. In Europe, average natural background exposure by country ranges from under 2 mSv annually in the United Kingdom to more than 7 mSv annually for some groups of people in Finland.

The Preacher's Wife

The Preacher's Wife is a 1996 American Christmas romantic comedy movie starring Denzel Washington, Whitney Houston, and Courtney B. Vance. It is a remake of the 1947 film "The Bishop's Wife".

Lake View Terrace, Los Angeles

Lake View Terrace is a suburb district in the northeastern part of the San Fernando Valley region of the City of Los Angeles, California. The area hosts a large equestrian community. It is one of the few remaining areas in the city that has private homes zoned for keeping horses.


List of districts and neighborhoods in Los Angeles

This is a list of the notable districts and neighborhoods of the city of Los Angeles, California.


Hollywood (disambiguation)

Hollywood is a district of Los Angeles, California, which lent its name to the American motion-picture industry.

Hollywood may also refer to:





Northern Zazaki

Northern Zazaki (in Zaza langauge known as: "Zazakiyê Zımey", "Kırmancki" or "Zonê Ma") is one of main dialects of the Zaza language. This dialect is spoken in eastern provinces of Republic of Turkey. This includes Tunceli (mainly), Erzincan, Sivas, Erzurum and some places in Gümüşhane. Northern Zazaki is spoken by more than 140,000 people in places where northern Zazas living.

Southern Zazaki

Southern Zazaki (in Zaza langauge known as: "Dımılki" or "Zazakiyê Veroci") is one of main dialects of the Zaza language. This dialect is spoken in southeastern provinces of Republic of Turkey such as Şanlıurfa (mainly in Siverek), Diyarbakır, Bitlis and Adıyaman. Southern Zazaki is spoken by more than 1,500,000 people in places where southern Zazas (known as Dimlis) living.

Michael Brandon

Michael Brandon (born Michael Feldman; April 20, 1945) is an American actor and voice actor who resides in London and Los Angeles.

Brandon was born Michael Feldman in Brooklyn, New York to Miriam (née Tumen) and Sol Feldman. At age nine, he and his family (brother Elliot and sister Debra Lynne) moved to Valley Stream, New York where he attended Memorial Junior High and then Valley Stream Central High School.

He married actress Lindsay Wagner in 1976. The marriage ended in a divorce in 1979 after 3 years of marriage. Since 1989, Brandon has been married to actress Glynis Barber, together they have a son named Alexander Max Brandon who was born in November of 1992.

Mercury Records

Mercury Records was a record label which produces music in the United States. Mercury Records is owned by Universal Music Group. In the United Kingdom, the label is known as Virgin EMI Records. Def Jam Recordings used to be a part of Mercury Records. But, Def Jam Recordings separated from the Mercury Records.

Mercury Record Corporation was founded in Chicago, Illinois, in 1945. Four people founded the label: Irving Green, Berle Adams, Ray Greenberg and Arthur Talmadge. All four founders used a variety of music, including jazz and blues, classical music, rock and roll, and country music.

Currently, Mercury Records has five record labels, Mercury Records, Mercury Records (UK), Mercury Records (Australia), Mercury Classics, and Mercury Nashville.

Many artists are represented on Mercury Records.


Frederick II

Emperor Frederick II might refer to:

Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor

Frederick II (26 December 1194 – 13 December 1250), was one of the most powerful Holy Roman Emperors of the Middle Ages and head of the House of Hohenstaufen. His political and cultural ambitions, based in Sicily and stretching through Italy to Germany, and even to Jerusalem, were enormous. However, his enemies, especially the popes, prevailed, and his dynasty collapsed soon after his death. Historians have searched for superlatives to describe him, as in the case of Professor Donald Detwiler, who wrote: 
Viewing himself as a direct successor to the Roman Emperors of Antiquity, he was Emperor of the Romans from his papal coronation in 1220 until his death; he was also a claimant to the title of King of the Romans from 1212 and unopposed holder of that monarchy from 1215. As such, he was King of Germany, of Italy, and of Burgundy. At the age of three, he was crowned King of Sicily as a co-ruler with his mother, Constance of Hauteville, the daughter of Roger II of Sicily. His other royal title was King of Jerusalem by virtue of marriage and his connection with the Sixth Crusade.

He was frequently at war with the Papacy, hemmed in between Frederick's lands in northern Italy and his Kingdom of Sicily (the "Regno") to the south, and thus he was excommunicated four times and often vilified in pro-papal chronicles of the time and since. Pope Gregory IX went so far as to call him an Antichrist.

Speaking six languages (Latin, Sicilian, German, French, Greek and Arabic), Frederick was an avid patron of science and the arts. He played a major role in promoting literature through the Sicilian School of poetry. His Sicilian royal court in Palermo, from around 1220 to his death, saw the first use of a literary form of an Italo-Romance language, Sicilian. The poetry that emanated from the school had a significant influence on literature and on what was to become the modern Italian language. The school and its poetry were saluted by Dante and his peers and predate by at least a century the use of the Tuscan idiom as the elite literary language of Italy.

He was also the first king who explicitly outlawed trials by ordeal as they were considered "irrational".

After his death, his line quickly died out and the House of Hohenstaufen came to an end.

Norman Farberow

Norman L. Farberow (February 12, 1918 – September 10, 2015) was an American psychologist. He was one of the founding fathers of modern suicidology. He was among the three founders in 1958 of the Los Angeles Suicide Prevention Center, which became a base of research into the causes and prevention of suicide.

Farberow died at the age of 97 on September 10, 2015, World Suicide Prevention Day in Los Angeles, California.

Moses Malone

Moses Eugene Malone (March 23, 1955 – September 13, 2015) was an American basketball player who played in both the American Basketball Association (ABA) and the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1974 through 1995. He was a member of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.

Malone played for the Buffalo Braves (1976), the Houston Rockets (1976-1982), the Philadelphia 76ers (1982-1986; 1993-1994), the Washington Wizards (1986-1988), the Atlanta Hawks (1988-1991), the Milwaukee Bucks (1991-1993), and the San Antonio Spurs (1994-1995). He was a three-time NBA Most Valuable Player.

Malone died suddenly from heart disease in Norfolk, Virginia at the age of 60.


Hamadryas baboon

The hamadryas baboon ("Papio hamadryas") is a species of baboon from the Old World monkey family. It is the northernmost of all the baboons. It lives in the Horn of Africa and the southwestern tip of the Arabian Peninsula. These regions have fewer natural predators than central or southern Africa, where other baboons live.

The hamadryas baboon was a sacred animal in ancient Egypt.

Peter Ueberroth

Peter Victor Ueberroth (; born September 2, 1937) is an American executive. He served as the sixth Commissioner of Baseball from 1984 to 1989. He was the chairman of the United States Olympic Committee before being replaced by Larry Probst in October 2008.

Andrew Grove

Andrew Stephen "Andy" Grove (András István Gróf, 2 September 1936 – 21 March 2016), was a Hungarian-born American businessman, engineer, and author. He was a science pioneer in the semiconductor industry.

He escaped from Communist-controlled Hungary at the age of 20 and moved to the United States where he finished his education. He later became CEO of Intel Corporation and helped transform the company into the world's largest manufacturer of semiconductors. As a result of his work at Intel, along with his books and professional articles, Grove had a considerable influence on electronics manufacturing industries worldwide. Andrew Grove has been called the "guy who drove the growth phase" of .

Andrew Grove was born in Budapest (Hungary) in 1936 to a Jewish family. When he was eight, the Nazis and deported nearly 500,000 Jews to concentration camps. To avoid being arrested, Grove and his mother took on false identities and were sheltered by friends.

During the , when he was 20, Andrew emigrated to the United States. In 1960 he received a bachelor's degree in chemical technology from the City College, New York. . In 1963, Grove received his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley.

In 1968, Robert Noyce and Gordon Moore co-founded Intel, after they and Grove left Fairchild Semiconductor. Grove joined on the day of its incorporation, although it was not a founder according to the company. In 1979 he became Intel president, in 1987 its executive director, and in 1997 its executive director and chairman of the board of directors. In May 1998, Grove resigned as CEO, remaining chairman of the board.



David Ho

David Da-i Ho (; born November 3, 1952) is a Taiwanese-American HIV/AIDS researcher. He was famous for understanding the treatment of HIV infection. He is the scientific director and chief executive officer of the Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center and the Irene Diamond Professor at Rockefeller University in New York City.

Peace makers

Peacemakers are people or a group of people involved in peacemaking. It is often in countries affected by war, violent conflict, and political instability under international law. There can be different levels of peace makers. Presidents or Prime ministers trying to reach a deal, activists, and even authors. People who are involved in peacemaking can win the Nobel Peace Prize.


Ted Hartley

Theodore Ringwalt "Ted" Hartley (born November 6, 1924) is an American actor, producer, and businessman. He is the CEO of RKO Pictures. 

He was married to heiress, actress and philanthropist Dina Merrill from 1989 until her death in 2017.


Joint-stock company

A joint-stock company is a business owned by people called shareholders. Each shareholder owns company stock in proportion to the number of their shares (certificates of ownership). Some shareholders may own a larger proportion of a company's share than others. Shareholders are able to transfer their shares to others without any effects on the continued existence of the company.

Incorporation, a legal process, gives a company a legal personality separate from shareholders, and limited liability. This means the shareholders are only liable for the company's debts to the value of the money they invested in the company. So, joint-stock companies are commonly known as corporations or limited companies.

Finding the earliest joint-stock company is a matter of definition. Around 1250 in France at Toulouse, 96 shares of the "Société des Moulins du Bazacle" (Bazacle Milling Company) were traded at a value that depended on the profitability of the Society's mills. This was probably the first company of its kind in history.

The much more famous, wealthy and powerful English (later British) East India Company was granted an English Royal Charter by Elizabeth I on 31 December 1600. The Royal Charter gave the newly created "Honourable East India Company" a 15-year monopoly on all trade in the East Indies. The Company transformed from a commercial trading venture to one which ruled India.

In 1602, the Dutch East India Company issued shares that were made tradable on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange. This invention helped joint-stock companies to attract capital from investors as they could now easily trade their shares. In 1612 it became the first 'corporation' in intercontinental trade with 'locked in' capital and limited liability.

The type of company most often referred to by the word "corporation" is a publicly traded corporation. In this type of company the shares are traded on a public stock exchange. For example, shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange or Nasdaq in the United States. This is where shares of stock of corporations are bought and sold by and to the general public. Most of the largest businesses in the world are publicly traded corporations. However, the majority of corporations are said to be closely held, privately held or close corporations. This means that no ready market exists for the trading of shares. Many such corporations are owned and managed by a small group of businesspeople or companies. They can also be as vast as the largest public corporations.

Closely held corporations have some advantages over publicly traded corporations. A small, closely held company can often make decisions much more rapidly than a publicly traded company, because there will generally be fewer voting shareholders or the shareholders would have common interests. A publicly traded company is also at the mercy of the market. It can have capital flow in and out based on what the company is doing and also what the competitors are doing. Publicly traded companies also have advantages over their closely held counterparts. Publicly traded companies often have more working capital. They can also delegate debt throughout all shareholders. This means shareholders of publicly traded company will each take a much smaller hit to their returns as opposed to those involved with a closely held corporation. Publicly traded companies though suffer from this exact advantage. A closely held corporation can often stand a hit to profit with little or no long-term effect. A publicly traded company though often comes under extreme scrutiny if profit and growth are not evident to stock holders. If profits go down stock holders may sell, further damaging the company. Often this blow is enough to make a small public company fail.

Neutral particle

In physics, a neutral particle is a particle with no electric charge.

Long-lived neutral particles do not decay for a very long time. Examples of such particles include photons, neutrons, and neutrinos.

Other neutral particles are very short-lived. They decay before they can be detected by a particle detector. They have been observed only indirectly, such as tracks of ionized particles in a particle accelerator. They include:



Mark Cuban

Mark Cuban (born July 31, 1958) is an American businessman, investor, movie producer, author, television personality and philanthropist. He is the owner of the NBA's Dallas Mavericks, Landmark Theatres, and Magnolia Pictures, and the chairman of the HDTV cable network AXS TV.

As of September 2015, Cuban has publicly expressed interest in running for president in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, citing that he "could beat both Trump and Clinton". He later decided not to run. On October 9, 2015, Cuban announced his intentions to run for Speaker of the House to replace John Boehner.

Corneliu Vadim Tudor

Corneliu Vadim Tudor (; 28 November 1949 – 14 September 2015) was a Romanian politician. He was the leader of the Greater Romania Party ("Partidul România Mare"), poet, writer, journalist and a Member of the European Parliament. He was a Romanian Senator from 1992 to 2008. He died of a heart attack.

Brazil at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Brazil competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September 2012. Brazil the next host of the Summer Paralympics, holding the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro.




Brazil has qualified for the football 5-a-side tournament.


Rank:
01 !

Brazil has qualified for the football 7-a-side tournament.






Rank:
02 !
















Adam Deadmarsh

Adam Richard Deadmarsh (born May 10, 1975) is a Canadian-American retired professional ice hockey right winger. Deadmarsh played parts of 10 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, and Los Angeles Kings.

Deadmarsh played for Team USA during the 1996 World Cup of Hockey, the 1998 Winter Olympics, and the 2002 Winter Olympics. He won a gold medal in 1996 and a silver medal in 2002.

Before playing in the NHL, Deadmarsh played 4 seasons with the Portland Winter Hawks of the Western Hockey League (WHL). He was drafted with the 14th overall pick by the Quebec Nordiques in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft. 

He played 1 season with them and stayed with the franchise when they relocated to Denver, Colorado to become the Colorado Avalanche. During his time with the Avalanche, Deadmarsh won the Stanley Cup in 1996. His name was misspelled as "Deadmarch" when the names were being added to the Cup. It was the first time that a misspelling on the Stanley Cup had ever been corrected.

On February 21, 2001, the Avalanche traded Deadmarsh along with Aaron Miller in exchange for Jared Aulin, and Colorado's first round pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft (Dave Steckel) for Rob Blake and Steven Reinprecht. During round one of the 2001 Stanley Cup Playoffs, Deadmarsh scored an overtime goal which caused the Kings defeat the very favoured Detroit Red Wings. The Kings would lose against his old team, the Avalanche, in seven games. The Avalanche would end up winning their second Stanley Cup.

Deadmarsh would miss most of the 2002–03 NHL season because of a concussion and missed the whole 2003–04 NHL seasonbecause of another concussion. He also did not play the next season because of the 2004–05 NHL lockout. On September 22, 2005, he announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey. On March 20, 2006, Deadmarsh was honoured before a game between the Avalanche and Kings at Staples Center.


Éric Dazé

Éric Dazé (born July 2, 1975) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left winger. Dazé played 11 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL), all with the Chicago Blackhawks.

Before playing in the NHL, Dazé played parts of 5 seasons in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL); 2 with the Hull Olympiques and 3 with the Beauport Harfangs. He was drafted with the 90th overall pick by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft.

In 1995, he was a member of the gold medal winning team at the World Junior Ice Hockey Championships. After he scored 30 goals as a rookie, he was named to the NHL All-Rookie Team in 1996. In 2002, Dazé was chosen to play in his first NHL All-Star Game. He recorded 2 goals and 1 assist and was named the game's MVP. He became the first Blackhawk player to win the award since Bobby Hull did so in 1971.

Dazé suffered from severe back problems during his career and he only played 19 games in the 2003–04 NHL season. On March 20, 2010, He officially announced that he was retiring from professional ice hockey during the Comcast Sportsnet pregame show before the Blackhawks game.

Echo (Leona Lewis album)

Echo is the second studio album by English singer Leona Lewis. It was released in November 2009 by Syco.

The music on "Echo" is a mixture of Europop and R&B. It also has a Cover version of the Oasis song "Stop Crying Your Heart Out" Two singles were released from the album. One of them was the R&B ballad "Happy". The album also features a duet with American pop rock group OneRepublic called "Lost Then Found".

"Echo" met mixed to favourable reviews by critics.

Alpha Phi Alpha

Alpha Phi Alpha is the first Black, inter-collegiate Greek-lettered fraternity in the United States. It was founded on December 4, 1906 at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. It uses an icon from ancient Egypt, the Great Sphinx of Giza, as its symbol. Its aims are "manly deeds, scholarship, and love for all mankind." Its motto is "First of All, Servants of All, We Shall Transcend All." Its archives are preserved at the Moorland-Spingarn Research Center. Chapters were chartered at Howard University and Virginia Union University in 1907. The fraternity has over 290,000 members. Since 1940 it has been open to men of all races. Currently, there are more than 730 active chapters worldwide.

<br>

Grace Jones

Grace Beverly Jones (born 19 May 1948) is a Jamaican singer, songwriter, supermodel, record producer, and actress. She was born in Spanish Town, Jamaica. She was raised by her grandparents. She released her first album, "Portfolio", in 1977. Her music is a mixture of R&B, disco, reggae, electronica, funk, dance and new jack swing. She is also known for her unusual album covers. Her most important movie roles include the 1985 James Bond movie "A View to a Kill" and the 1986 horror movie "Vamp".

In 2015, Jones wrote an autobiography called "I'll Never Write My Memoirs". In the book, she wrote her opinion on Rihanna, Lady Gaga, Nicki Minaj, Madonna, Miley Cyrus and Beyoncé. She wrote that she felt that they were copying her style.


United States Botanic Garden

United States Botanic Garden is the national botanical garden of the United States. It is in Washington D.C., United States. It was established in 1920 by the United States Congress. The gardens are a feature of the National Mall directly across from the United States Capitol. They are funded by the non-profit organization the National Fund for the U.S. Botanic Garden. 



Classical period (music)

The Classical music period is the time from about 1750 to 1820 when Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, and Schubert were the most famous living composers.

We often talk about “classical music” meaning European music which is not pop music or jazz or folk music. It is music which has been written by composers who have studied the art of composition. The article Classical music talks about classical music in this sense.

This article is about “Classical music” in the late 18th century and the early 19th century. The word “classical” is often used to refer to the arts of Ancient Greece and Rome. It has also come to mean any art form which has become very famous and is remembered for centuries afterwards. In music the Classical period comes between the Baroque and the period of Romanticism.

In some ways Classical music is often simpler than the music of the Baroque composers. There is often a tune with a simple accompaniment using broken chords called an “Alberti bass”. For classical composers the form of the piece was very important. Composers started their work with a tune (theme) and this tune would be developed in different ways: put in different key, changed from a fast to a slow tune, changed from major to minor or from minor to major.

Some of the most famous composers of the Classical period in music are:


Bill Guerin

William Robert Guerin (born November 9, 1970) is an American retired professional ice hockey right winger. He works as the assistant general manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins. Guerin played 18 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the New Jersey Devils, Edmonton Oilers, Boston Bruins, Dallas Stars, St. Louis Blues, San Jose Sharks, New York Islanders, and Pittsburgh Penguins.

Guerin played for Team USA during the 1996 World Cup of Hockey, 1998 Winter Olympics, 2002 Winter Olympics, 2004 World Cup of Hockey, and 2006 Winter Olympics. He won a gold medal in 1996 and a silver medal in 2002.

Before playing in the NHL, Guerin played 2 seasons of college hockey with the Boston College Eagles. He was drafted with the 5th overall pick by the New Jersey Devils in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft. He played parts of 7 seasons with the Devils and won the Stanley Cup with them in 1995.

On January 4, 1998, the Devils traded Guerin along with Valeri Zelepukin to the Edmonton Oilers in exchange for Jason Arnott and Bryan Muir. Guerin played 4 seasons with the Oilers.

On November 15, 2000, the Oilers traded him to the Boston Bruins in exchange for Anson Carter, Boston's 1st (Aleš Hemský) and 2nd (Doug Lynch) round choices in 2001 NHL Entry Draft. Guerin played 2 seasons with the Bruins and recorded 41 goals in his final season with them.

On July 3, 2002, Guerin signed a five-year; $45 million contract with the Dallas Stars when he became a free agent.

He did not play as well as expected during his time with the Stars. He only recorded 40 points during the 2005–06 NHL season and the Stars decided to buy-out his contract. Dallas had to pay Guerin two-thirds of the remaining salary from his contract which was spread out over twice as many years.

On July 3, 2006, he signed a one-year, $2 million contract with the St. Louis Blues. During his time with the Blues, Guerin played on a line with his former Oiler teammate Doug Weight. Guerin played 1 season with the Blues. He scored 61 goals and recorded 47 points. Guerin was chosen to play in the 2007 All-Star Game, which was hosted by the Dallas Stars. Even though he was criticized for his play in Dallas, Guerin was still given a standing ovation from the fans. He became the 214th NHL player to play in 1,000 games on February 2, 2007.

On February 27, 2007, the Blues traded Guerin to the San Jose Sharks in exchange for Ville Nieminen, Jay Barriball and a conditional first-round pick. He played 16 regular season games with them.

On July 5, 2007, Guerin signed a two-year contract with the New York Islanders. On July 9, 2007, the Islanders named Guerin the captain of the team. This made Guerin the 11th captain in Islanders history. He played 2 seasons with the Islanders.

On March 4, 2009, the Islanders traded Guerin to the Pittsburgh Penguins in exchange for a third-round pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. On June 12, 2009, Guerin won the Stanley Cup after the Penguins defeated the Detroit Red Wings 2–1 in Game 7 at Joe Louis Arena. On June 29, 2009, Guerin signed a one-year contract extension with the Penguins with a greatly reduced salary to play through the 2009–10 NHL season. He was not offered a contract for the 2010–11 NHL season.

On September 7, 2010, the Philadelphia Flyers invited Guerin to their training camp for a try out. They released him on October 4 before the start of the regular season.

On December 6, 2010, Guerin announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey and that he was retiring as a Pittsburgh Penguin. On June 6, 2011, he was hired as the player development coach for the Penguins. On June 6, 2014, Penguins General Manager Jim Rutherford announced that Guerin was being promoted to the assistant general manager of the team.

Guerin was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame along with his former teammate Doug Weight in 2013.

Guerin, represented the US in the Olympics three times as it's player (1998 in Nagano, 2002 in Salt Lake City and 2006 in Torino), and has won a silver medal in 2002.


John J. Farrell

John J. Farrell (1872 – July 22, 1946) was the Dairy and Food Commissioner of Minnesota in 1917 and president of the National Creamery Buttermakers' Association. By 1921 he was the secretary of National Dairy Products. He was the unsuccessful Democratic candidate in the United States Senate elections of 1924 for senator from Minnesota. He was the Minnesota Democratic state chair in 1931.

Farrell was born in 1872 in Ohio to Daniel Farrell and Mary Guyton, both Irish immigrant parents. They migrated to Minnesota in 1886. He married in August 1901 Mabel Sanborn of Faribault, Minnesota, a daughter of W. N. Sanborn.

By 1917, Farrell was the Dairy and Food Commissioner of Minnesota and president of the National Creamery Buttermakers' Association.

By 1921 Farrell was the secretary of National Dairy Products Committee. In 1924, he was the unsuccessful Democratic Candidate for U.S. Senator from Minnesota.

Farrell died on July 22, 1946 in South Harbor Township, Mille Lacs County, Minnesota.

Bernard Van de Kerckhove

Bernard Van de Kerckhove (8 July 1941 – 15 September 2015) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer from 1962 to 1971. He was known for winning the 1964 Tour de France and 1965 Tour de France after which he wore the yellow jersey for two and three stages respectively.

Meir Pa'il

Meir Pa'il, ‎ , (June 19, 1926 – September 15, 2015) was an Israeli colonel, politician and military historian. He served as a member of the Knesset from 1974 through 1980. He was born in Jerusalem.

Pa'il died from complications of Alzheimer's disease in Jerusalem, aged 89.


Mihai Volontir

Mihai Volontir (9 March 1934 – 15 September 2015) was a Moldovan actor. He was known for his role as Volentair in the comedy movie "In the Zone of Special Attention".


John Rodolph Slattery

Colonel John Rodolph Slattery (January 31, 1877 - September 24, 1932) was the general manager for the Interborough Rapid Transit Company in New York City.

Slattery was born in Athens, Ohio on January 31, 1877. His parents were John A. Slattery (1847-1895) and Lena DeSteiguer (1854-1925). He attended the United States Military Academy where he graduated fifth in his class for the year 1900. He was assigned to the Philippines to work on bridges and roads as an engineer officer. He was assigned to Honolulu in November 1904 as the Honolulu District's first District Engineer for lighthouses.

Slattery married Elizabeth Virginia Bradley (1879-1949) around 1915. He died on September 24, 1932 in Jackson Heights, New York City.

Pam Ferris

Pamela E. "Pam" Ferris (born 11 May 1948) is a British actress. She was born in Hanover to Welsh parents. She starred on television as Ma Larkin in "The Darling Buds of May", and as Laura Thyme in "Rosemary & Thyme".

On movies, she is known for her roles as Miss Trunchbull in "Matilda" and as Aunt Marge in "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban".

Michael X. Mockus

Michael X. Mockus (October 26, 1864 – October 23, 1939) was a Lithuanian-American Unitarian minister. Mockus is remembered for having been convicted in nationally publicized trials for having violated Connecticut and Maine state laws prohibiting blasphemy by challenging orthodox religious beliefs.

Mockus was born on October 26, 1864 in Lithuania. In 1916 he was charged with blasphemy in Waterbury, Connecticut. In 1917 he gave a series of lectures in Maine and was arrested and found guilty of blasphemy. The Supreme Judicial Court of Maine did not overturn his conviction.

In 1916, Mockus gave a lecture to the Lithuanian Freethought Association in Waterbury, Connecticut in the Lithuanian language. He was charged with blasphemy under the 1821 affirmation of the 1642 blasphemy law. He was the first person convicted under the law and was sentenced to 10 days imprisonment. He had Theodore Schroeder of the Free Speech League as his attorney.

In 1917, Mockus gave a series of lectures in Maine on atheism. He made the following eight statements: 

(1) "Mary (meaning the Virgin Mary) had a beau. When her beau called one evening (both being young) he seduced her. He brought her a flower and put her in a family way. No woman can give birth to a child without a man." 

(2) "The father of Christ was a young Jew and was no Angel Gabriel. Any girl who wants a child can call a Gabriel or some John." 

(3) "Religion, capitalism, and government are all damned humbugs, liars, and thieves. Those three classes combine into one organization. 

(4) "All religions are a deception of the people." 

(5) "A young man came to Mary during the night, and, coming near her with a flower in his hand, took her by the hand and said: 'Sh; sh.' Look how the priests teach you, the falsifiers, thieves. It is not possible that he could be of the Holy Ghost, there must be a man. A young Jew was the father of the Christ. No woman can have a child without a man; that never happened and never can happen." 

(6) "You see the Trinity (pointing to a picture of God, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost, which he had caused to be thrown upon a screen), God the Father, Ghost, and Son, a young Jew, but that old man never was and never can be; if he was God from the Ghost, then where did that belly button come from which is sprouted like a button? Bear in mind that the black army is a trinity, clergy, capitalism, and government; they govern the world together." 

(7) "There is no truth in the Bible; it is only monkey business. Religion, capitalism, and government are a black army and only profiteer from the poor people. You see here (pointing to a picture of God, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost, which he had caused to be thrown upon a screen) scarecrows. Here is God the Father, Son, and Ghost, a whole Trinity, just as the priest, capitalists, and government. How can the Holy Ghost be God when she is afraid a cat will kill her? And do you believe in these scarecrows?" 

(8) "You see this fool (pointing to a picture of Jesus Christ upon the cross, with the private parts of his body covered with a cloth, which he had caused to be thrown upon a screen) and you believe in Him. The women were sorry for the holy thing and covered the holy thing, while the rest of the body was left uncovered."

Mockus was arrested under Maine's blasphemy law which reads: "Blasphemy may be committed either by using profanely insolent and reproachful language against God, or by contumeliously reproaching Him, His creation, government, final judgment of the world, Jesus Christ, the Holy Ghost, or the Holy Scriptures as contained in the canonical books of the Old and New Testament, or by exposing any of these enumerated Beings or Scriptures to contempt and ridicule, and it is not necessary for the state to prove the doing of all of them."

Mockus was found guilty by a jury trial in 1917 for his eight statements. His appeal went before the Supreme Judicial Court of Maine on March 25, 1921 as State v. Mockus and his conviction was upheld.

Cornelius, North Carolina

Cornelius is a lakeside town located along Lake Norman in northern Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 31,412 at the 2020 census.

Anton Chigurh

Anton Chigurh is a fictional character from the 2005 novel "No Country for Old Men" by American writer Cormac McCarthy and the 2007 movie of the same name directed by the Coen brothers. He is a psychopathic professional hitman of unknown nationality. He serves as the main antagonist of "No Country for Old Men".

In the movie, Chigurh is played by Spanish actor Javier Bardem. For this role, Bardem won many awards, including an Academy Award, a Golden Globe and a BAFTA.

Empire.com ranked Chigurh #46 in their list of the 100 Greatest Movie Characters of All Time.

Gallstone

A gallstone, also called a shav-stone, is a (stone) formed inside the gallbladder. Gallstones may pass into other parts of the biliary tract. If the stones pass out of the gall bladder they may cause extreme pain, which requires surgery or other treatment.

Gallstones are solid particles that form in the gallbladder, a small organ located in the abdomen. They are made up of cholesterol, bile pigments, and other substances found in bile.

The main cause of gallstones is an imbalance in the substances that make up bile. When the levels of cholesterol and other substances in bile become too high, they can form solid particles. This can occur due to a variety of factors, including:


It is important to note that not all people who have gallstones will experience symptoms, and some people may develop gallstones without any known risk factors.

Suvigya Sharma

Suvigya Sharma (born July 28, 1983) is an award winning Indian artist and painter based in Mumbai, India. He is known for creating miniature paintings, Tanjore painting, Fresco work and lifelike portraits. He was awarded with "Bharat Gaurav Award" in 2012 for his contribution in filed of Arts. 

His latest collection "An Art Collector's Paradise" featuring colonial stamp paper paintings embellished with 24 carat gold were inaugurated by actress Rani Mukherji in September, 2014. 


Moscow Pavilion

Russian Pavilion is a famous pavilion that was built for the Expo 67 world exhibition. It was moved to the All-Russia Exhibition Centre in Moscow a year later. The pavilion was called Pavilion 70 and later Moscow Pavilion.

Before the World Exhibition was held in Canada in 1967 the Soviet architects hoped that the World Exhibition would be held in Moscow. In the early 1960s they offered to adapt the exhibit to the Soviet Union's to document the history of the country for the "50th anniversary of the October Revolution" in 1967 with an emphasis on "progress and peace." Moscow's chief architect Mikhail Pusuchin proposed to create a spherical pavilion the size of: "Moscow State University Main Building" on an artificial lake. However, Nikita Khrushchev's forced resignation and financial problems due to heavy costs led to the Soviet Union's refusal to organize the exhibition. The Bureau of International Exhibitions finally decided to entrust the task to the City of Montreal in Canada on the anniversary of the founding of Montreal. In 1970 the building began to move to Moscow and construction took five years. In 1977, the Pavilion was inaugurated on the site of the Moscow Exhibition Center. 


Pink Friday

Pink Friday is the debut studio album by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. It was released on November 19, 2010, by Young Money, Cash Money and Universal Motown. The album was re-released as a deluxe CD and featured the hit single "Super Bass".

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Pink Friday".


Blue iguana

The blue iguana ("Cyclura lewisi"), also known as the Grand Cayman iguana, or Cayman Island blue iguana, is an endangered species of lizard endemic to the island of Grand Cayman.

The blue iguana is the largest native land animal on Grand Cayman. It has a length from nose-to-tail of . It is tan to gray in color with a bluish cast (more so in males and during breeding season). It is large and heavy-bodied with a dorsal crest of short spines running from the bottom of the neck to the end of the tail. It weighs as much as .
The blue iguana is one of the longest-living lizards: the record is 67 years.

The iguana prefers rocky, sunlit, open areas in dry forests or near the shore. The blue iguana's herbivorous diet is plants, fruits and flowers. Fossil records suggest there were many blue iguanas before European settlement; but less than 15 of them were left in the wild in 2003, which were predicted to disappear within a few years. Their decline is due to predators like feral pets (cats and dogs) and also the destruction of their natural habitat. Fruit farms have been turned into pasture for cattle grazing.

Since 2004, hundreds of bred and collected blue iguanas have been led into a reserve on Grand Cayman. In this way it is hoped to save the species. At least five non-profit organizations are working with the government of the Cayman Islands to ensure this. The conservancy program has released over 700 captive bred Grand Cayman blue iguanas since the 2004 all-time low of 12 remaining animals.


Alfred Cotton Bedford

Alfred Cotton Bedford (November 5, 1863 - September 21, 1925) was president of the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey starting on December 22, 1916.

Bedford was born on November 5, 1863 in Brooklyn, New York City. He married Edith Kinsman Clark on January 8, 1890. He was promoted from treasurer to president of the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey starting on December 22, 1916. He was made chairman of the board on November 15, 1917.

He was made a Commandant of the Legion in 1922. Bedford died on September 21, 1925 leaving an estate of $3,000,000. He was buried in Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn.

Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded

Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded is the second studio album by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj; it was released on April 2, 2012, by Young Money, Cash Money and Universal Republic. The album was much more fun sounding and featured a hip hop sound to the first half. The second half was more pop heavy.

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded".

The Pinkprint

The Pinkprint is the third studio album by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. It was released on December 12, 2014, by Young Money, Cash Money and Republic Records. The album's music returned Minaj to her hip hop roots.

Portfolio (Grace Jones album)

Portfolio is the debut studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones. It was released on 6 September 1977 by Island Records by Island Records. Before releasing "Portfolio" Jones had been a model. The album's music is a mix of disco and R&B. The album was recorded from 1975-1977.

Side A

Side B

Side A

Side B


Glassheart

Glassheart is the third studio album by British recording artist Leona Lewis. It was released on 12 October 2012 by Syco and RCA Records. The album is different from Lewis' previous pop, soul and R&B sound. This album's music is electronic, dubstep and R&B.


Christmas, with Love

Christmas, with Love is a Christmas album and the fourth studio album by British recording artist Leona Lewis. It was released on 29 November 2013, by Syco and RCA Records. It was the last album that Lewis made with Syco and RCA. She left them to sign with Island Records and Def Jam Recordings in 2015.

Def Jam Recordings

Def Jam Recordings is an American record label that mainly produces hip hop and urban music. It is owned by Universal Music Group. In the UK, the label takes on the name "Def Jam UK" and is operated through Virgin EMI. In Japan, it is "Def Jam Japan" operating through Universal Sigma Music. The label distributes various record labels. One is Roc-A-Fella Records. Another is Kanye West's GOOD Music, 

Def Jam was founded by Rick Rubin in his dormitory in Weinstein Hall at New York University. The label's first release was a single by his punk-rock group Hose.

<br>

2015 Illapel earthquake

On 16 September 2015, an 8.3 M earthquake happened offshore Illapel, Chile. 12 deaths and 34+ injuries were reported. The cities of Coquimbo and Concón reported flooding from a tsunami. Six aftershocks were also reported.

Tsunami warnings were given to Ecuador, Peru, New Zealand, Fiji, Japan, the Solomon Islands, French Polynesia, and the U.S. states of Hawaii and California. The earthquake was felt in Argentina and Brazil.

Illapel

Illapel is a Chilean city; it is the capital of the Choapa province, Coquimbo region. It is in the most narrow point of the country along a parallel, .

The commune of Illapel has an area of . It is to the north of Santiago at and to the northeast of the seaport city of Los Vilos at .

The commune is bordered on the north by the Combarbalá and Monte Patria (a small part) communes, both of the Limarí province, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Salamanca and Los Vilos communes, and on the west by the Canela commune.
The city of Illapel is along the "Illapel" river, a tributary of the "Choapa" river, that is long.

 (last national census), there were 30,355 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The city of Illapel has an urban area of and a population, in 2002, of 21,826 inhabitants.



Guy Béart

Guy Béhart-Hasson (16 July 1930 – 16 September 2015), better known as Guy Béart, was a French singer and songwriter. He released over 240 songs and 25 albums during his sixty-plus year career.

Béart was born in Cairo, Egypt to a Jewish family. He also grew up in Lebanon and later moved to Paris. His daughter is actress Emmanuelle Béart (born 1963).

Béart died from a heart attack on 16 September 2015 in Garches, aged 85.

Aaron Ekblad

Aaron Ekblad (born February 7, 1996) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL).

He has also played for the Team Canada junior team. He won a gold medal with them during the 2015 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships. He suffered a concussion in an exhibition game against the Czech Republic in December 2014.

Before playing in the NHL, Ekblad played 3 seasons with the Barrie Colts of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He was drafted with the 1st overall pick by the Florida Panthers in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.

On September 3, the Panthers signed Ekblad to a three-year, entry-level contract. Ekblad made the Panthers' opening night roster for the 2014–15 season. He made his NHL debut on October 9 in a game against the Tampa Bay Lightning. During the game, Ekblad scored his first career NHL point, an assist on a Jonathan Huberdeau goal in a 3–2 overtime loss. On November 1, he scored his first NHL goal against Steve Mason of the Philadelphia Flyers in a 2–1 Panthers win.

On December 6, Ekblad scored a career-high three points in a 3–2 win against the Buffalo Sabres. He was given the first star of the game. On January 23, 2015, he was chosen to play in the 2015 NHL All-Star Game to replace an injured Erik Johnson.

On June 24, 2015, Ekblad was announced as the Calder Memorial Trophy winner.


Kim Kielsen

Kim Kielsen (born 30 November 1966) is a Greenlandic politician. He is the Prime Minister of Greenland and the leader of the Siumut party since 2014.

Longyearbyen

Longyearbyen is the largest settlement and the administrative centre of Svalbard, Norway. As of 2013, the town had a population of 2,043.
Because Longyearbyen is quite far north, it has very long daylight hours during the summer, and very short daylight hours in the winter. It has midnight sun between 19 April and 25 August. Longyearbyen has polar night between 27 October and 15 February. It is milder than other places at the same latitude, due to warming from the sea. This means that surprisingly high temperatures can occur. For example, Longyearbyen reached almost into double figures Celsius on 30 January 1984. The warmest recorded temperature was as high as on 17 July 1977. The coldest temperature was a very cold on 4 March 1986. Longyearbyen is badly affected by global warming, due to its Arctic position. On 1 August 2015, a record August temperature of was recorded.
<br>

Broad-billed moa

The broad-billed moa or coastal moa ("Euryapteryx curtus") was an extinct moa from New Zealand. It lived in the North and the South Islands and on Stewart Island.

The coastal moa mainly lived in dry shrubland areas. It was lived almost all over North Island. The dominant species lived in the center, the volcanic plateau and along the Wanganui-Taranaki Coast.

The birds were fat and short-legged. Males were about a meter tall. Females were a little bit taller (1.3 meters). They varied in size, some were even twice as big as others. They weighed about 20 kg. It is thought that they mainly ate fruit, leaves and large insects. Chicks ate insects.

It is thought that because coastal moas (among others) had a small olfactory chamber, they had great vocal abilities.


Bush moa

The bush moa or lesser moa ("Anomalopteryx didiformis") is an extinct bird from New Zealand. It was about 1 meter long. It weighed about 30 kilograms. It lived all over New Zealand.

The bush moa had a sharp beak. It could not fly. It is thought that it ate twigs and other tough plant material.

The bush moa had predators such as the Haast's eagle and Eyles' harrier. All bush moas died 500-600 years ago, after humans came to New Zealand.

Rani Mukherji

Rani Mukerji (born 21 March 1978) is an Indian actress active in Bollywood. She has won 7 Filmfare awards.


Agrahari

Agrahari is an Indian surname, mainly found in North Indian states. Maharaja Agrasen is believed to be their ancestor. The mainly found in Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, West Bengal, Bihar, Assam, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra and Gujarat of States of India. They are believed to be Vaishya, the third highest community as per Hindu Caste System. 

Agrasena

Maharaja Agrasen (or Agrasena) was a legendary Indian king of Agroha in India. This was a city of traders from whom the cities of Agrawal and Agrahari descend. He started a kingdom of traders in North India named Agroha. He is known for his compassion in refusing to slaughter animals in "yajnas".
The Government of India issued a postage stamp in honour of Maharaja Agresen in 1976 on the occasion of his 410th birthday.

Pokémon Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire

A trailer for the game was shown at Nintendo's 2014 E3 video. The trailer included new gameplay footage, as well as, the new playable character designs and new Mega Evolutions for Sceptile and Swampert that were not in "X and Y" like Blaziken was.

"Omega Ruby" and "Alpha Sapphire" were given positive review. IGN rated the game a 7.8 out of 10. Kallie Plagge of IGN sai that she liked the 3D reinvention of the Hoenn region and online functionality. She was critical of the HMs needed to play the game and the perceived imbalance that favored Water-type Pokémon (she played Alpha Sapphire). She said that "Too much water" was a negative. GameSpot rated the game 8 out of 10. Peter Brown of GameSpot said that he liked the 3D visuals and the super training mechanic but didn't think that the game did not fix general issues in the game formula.

As of June 30, 2015, "Omega Ruby" and "Alpha Sapphire" have sold 10.27 million copies worldwide.


Wesley Augustus Williams

Wesley Augustus Williams (August 26, 1897 - July 3, 1984) was the first African-American officer in the New York City Fire Department. He was promoted to lieutenant in 1927. He was the third African-American man to join the New York Fire Department. He was one of the founders of the Vulcan Society in 1940.

He was born on August 26, 1897 to James Henry Williams (1879-1948) and Lucy Metrash (1881-1932) in Manhattan, New York City.

He wanted to join the New York City Fire Department when he read about Samuel Jesse Battle joining the New York City police department. The first African-American to join the New York City Fire Department was William H. Nicholson, who joined in 1898. Williams had a very high score on his written test. He scored perfect on his physical examination. All firefighter candidates must have a character reference. His was written by former U.S. president Theodore Roosevelt. Even so he was put on the waiting list while others were hired ahead of him. Williams finally joined on January 10, 1919. He was assigned to Engine Company 55 in Manhattan, New York City. Williams was promoted to lieutenant in 1927.

He died on July 3, 1984 at the Physicians Hospital in Forest Hills, New York City, he was 86 years old.

 

David Willcocks

Sir David Valentine Willcocks CBE, MC (30 December 1919 – 17 September 2015) was a British choral conductor, organist, composer and music administrator. He was born in Newquay, Cornwall. He was particularly well known for his works with the Choir of King's College, Cambridge. He directed from 1957 to 1974.


Milo Hamilton

Leland Milo Hamilton (September 2, 1927 – September 17, 2015) was an American sportscaster. He was best known for calling play-by-play for seven different Major League Baseball teams since 1953. He received the Ford Frick Award from the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1992. He was known for his works with the Atlanta Braves, Houston Rockets, Pittsburgh Pirates and the Chicago Cubs. He was born in Fairfield, Iowa.

Hamilton died in Houston, Texas from leukemia, aged 88.

Adam Purple

Adam Purple (David Lloyd Wilkie; November 10, 1930 – September 15, 2015) was an American environmentalist. He was known for being an activist for defending gardens in New York City. He helped save a well known garden in New York's Lower East Side.

Purple died of a heart attack while riding his bike across the Williamsburg Bridge in New York City, aged 84.

Harry J. Lipkin

Harry Jeannot Lipkin (June 16, 1921 in New York City − September 15, 2015 in Rehovot), also known as Zvi Lipkin, was an Israeli theoretical physicist. He was known for working in nuclear physics and elementary particle physics. He won the Wigner Medal. 

Miriam Margolyes

Miriam Margolyes (born 18 May 1941) is an English people-Australian actress. She is best known for her role as Professor Sprout in the "Harry Potter" movie series. She also appeared appeared in the movies "The Age of Innocence" (1993), which won her a BAFTA Award, "Babe" (1995), and "" (1998). She has appeared in television series such as "Merlin", "Doc Martin" and "The Sarah Jane Adventures".

Margolyes was born in Oxford, Oxfordshire. She was the daughter of Ruth (née Walters; 1905–1974), a property investor and developer, and Joseph Margolyes (1899–1996), a Scottish physician from Glasgow. She was grew up in a Jewish family and her ancestors are from Poland and Belarus. She is a lesbian and has been with her partner Heather for over forty years. She has also been an Australian citizen since 2013.





Magda Szubanski

Magdalene Mary "Magda" Szubanski (born 12 April 1961) is an English-born Australian actress, comedian, television presenter, radio host, author and LGBT rights advocate. She is best known for playing Sharon Strzelecki in the television comedy show "Kath & Kim". She also portrayed Esme Hoggett in the movie "Babe" (1995) and its sequel "" (1998).

Szubanski was born in Liverpool, Lancashire. She is of Polish, Irish and Scottish ancestry. She moved to Melbourne, Victoria with her family in 1965. She came out as lesbian in 2012.

Chesney Hawkes

Chesney Lee Hawkes (born 22 September 1971) is an English singer, musician and actor. He was born in Windsor, Berkshire. He had a hit record "The One and Only". It was number 1 for five weeks in 1991. He starred in the movie Buddy's Song along with Roger Daltrey.

Øvre Årdal

Øvre Årdal is a village near Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway. It is the largest village in Årdal. It is sits on the northern end of the long lake Årdalsvatnet. The village of Årdalstangen is at the southern end. The village has a population (2013) of 3,206. This gives the village a population density of . Farnes Church is in this village.
The road "Tindevegen" goes from Øvre Årdal, through the Fardalen valley to Turtagrø in Luster municipality. It's one of the highest elevation roads in Norway. There is also a road which goes south past the lake Tyin to the European route E16 highway which goes through Valdres to Oslo.

Øvre Årdal is the starting point for tours into the nearby Utladalen Landscape Protection Area and Jotunheimen National Park. There are trips to the Utladalen and Avdalen valleys, to the mountain Falketind and to the Vettisfossen waterfall. There are also trips to the historic farms of Vetti, Vettismorki, and Avdalen.

Norsk Hydro has an aluminium smelting plant which is a major employer in the area.

Årdal FK is an association football club. They play at Jotun stadium in Øvre Årdal.


Färila

Färila is a locality in Ljusdal Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,293 people lived there. Färila is in a valley next to the river of Ljusnan.

William H. Nicholson

William H. Nicholson (1869-1911) was the first African American fireman in the New York City Fire Department. He was assigned to Engine Company 6 and detailed to the veterinary department to feed the horses and shovel manure.

Mario Benjamín Menéndez

Mario Benjamín Menéndez (3 April 1930 – 18 September 2015) was an Argentine military officer. He was a Brigadier General of the Argentine Army. After the 1982 Argentine occupation, he served as Governor of the Falkland Islands from 3 April until 14 June. He surrendered to British forces during the Falkland Wars.

Menéndez was born in Buenos Aires. His brother was Luciano Benjamín Menéndez (1927–2018), a general of the Dirty War.

Menéndez died on 18 September 2015 at the age of 85.

Logan City

Logan City is a city and local government area in south east Queensland, Australia. Logan City has 63 suburbs and 12 divisions, and, as of 2012, 293,353 live in there.

The city was named after Patrick Logan.

Vadim Kuzmin

Vadim Alexeevich Kuzmin (; 16 April 1937 – 17 September 2015) was a Russian theoretical physicist, meaning he worked on using mathematical processes to develop the theories used to explain data. He was known for working in the elektroweak baryogenesis field.


Mishael Cheshin

Mishael Cheshin (‎; February 16, 1936 – September 19, 2015) was an Israeli Justice. He served in the Supreme Court of Israel from 1992 to 2006.

Before becoming a judge he was working at the Justice Ministry.

Cheshin was born in Beirut and died at the age of 79 from cancer in Tel Aviv.

Fired Up (Alesha Dixon album)

Fired Up is the debut studio album by British recording artist Alesha Dixon. The album was recorded after Dixon's group Mis-Teeq had split up. Dixon signed a deal with Polydor Records. Her single "Lipstick" reached number 14 on the UK chart. Her next single with Polydor, "Knockdown" failed to reach the Top 40 (it reached number 45). Dixon left Polydor afterwards but kept the rights to her songs from the album. "Fired Up" was finally released as a CD in Japan in 2008. The album was billed as just Alesha instead of using Dixon's full name.

For the album, Dixon worked with many known UK songwriters including Richard X and Xenomania.

Anoka, Minnesota

Anoka ( ) is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota. The population was 17,921 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat. Anoka calls itself the "Halloween Capital of the World". This is because it hosted one of the first Halloween parades in 1920. It continues to celebrate the holiday each year with several parades. Anoka is a northern suburb of the Twin Cities.

The Entertainer (Alesha Dixon album)

The Entertainer is the third studio album by English recording artist Alesha Dixon. It was released on 26 November 2010 in the United Kingdom by Asylum Records. It was released by Atlantic Records in the United States. The album was originally called "Unleashed" but was renamed to "The Entertainer" instead. "The Entertainer" was the second album that Dixon used her first name instead of her full name. The first was 2006's "Fired Up". Dixon also rapped on some of the songs. The album has an American precision pop beat feel to it. It is a club record with the same kind of songs Britney and Lady GaGa make and sing.

Mauritian Creole

Mauritian Creole is a French-based creole language. It is spoken in Mauritius. It is not an official language but is well known among the Mauritian people. It is mostly French with a few non-French words. Mauritian Creole is spoken in over 65% of Mauritius.

I Am (Leona Lewis album)

I Am is the fifth studio album by British recording artist Leona Lewis. It was released on 11 September 2015, by Island Records after Lewis left Syco Music in June 2014, she had been with that label ever since she had won "The X Factor" in 2006.

 denotes co-producer

Reverend Lovejoy

Reverend Timothy Lovejoy is a fictional character on the long running TV show "The Simpsons". His voice is performed by Harry Shearer. He is the reverend of The First Church of Springfield.

Reverend Lovejoy was named after Lovejoy St. in Portland, Oregon, the hometown of Simpsons creator Matt Groening.

Lovejoy is the pastor of the First Church in Springfield. 

Janet Jackson (album)

Janet Jackson is the self-titled debut album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. It was released in October 1982 by A&M Records.

"Janet Jackson" received mixed reviews from music critics.

Minnesota Senate

The Minnesota Senate is the upper house of the Minnesota Legislature of the U.S. State of Minnesota. There are 67 members, each representing a senatorial district. Each senator represents about 79,163 residents. In terms of membership, it is the largest upper house of any U.S. state legislature. Floor sessions are held in the west wing of the Minnesota State Capitol in Saint Paul, Minnesota.

Offices of members of the majority party are located in the Capitol. Those of the minority party are in the State Office Building. It is connected by a tunnel just to the west of the Capitol. Senate committee meetings are held in the Capitol building.

Aaron B. Rollins

Aaron B. Rollins (1818 - December 4, 1878) was a politician connected to the Tammany Hall political machine. He served in New York's legislature in 1852. He was later elected coroner for New York City from 1867 to 1870.

Rollins was born in 1818. He died on December 4, 1878 at the Union-Place Hotel in Manhattan.

Masajuro Shiokawa

Shiokawa served as Parliamentary Vice Minister of International Trade and Industry from 1972 to 1973, Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary from 1976 to 1977, Commerce and Industry Committee Chairman from 1979 to 1980, Minister of Transport from 1980 to 1981 (under Prime Minister Zenko Suzuki), Minister of Education from 1986 to 1987 (under PM Yasuhiro Nakasone), Chief Cabinet Secretary for three months in 1989 (under PM Sōsuke Uno), and Minister of Home Affairs from 1991 to 1992.

Shiokawa died of pneumonia in Osaka, Japan, aged 93.

Eduardo Bonvallet

Eduardo Guillermo Bonvallet Godoy (January 13, 1955 – September 18, 2015), was a Chilean footballer. He played as a defensive midfielder and later developed a TV and radio sports commentator career.

Bonvallet was found dead by hanging using a belt at Nogales Hotel in the kitchen of room 213. Local news report he was suffering from depression.

Medical Society of New Jersey

The Medical Society of New Jersey is the oldest professional society in the United States. It was founded in 1766.

Bruce Djite

Bruce José Djité (born 25 March 1987) is a retired American-born Australian soccer player. He last played in Indonesia for PSM Makassar. He also played for the Australian national team as a striker.

Djite was born in Washington, D.C., United States. His father is from the Ivory Coast and his mother is from Togo. He moved to Sydney, New South Wales when he was three years old. Djite speaks French and English.


Takeshi Onaga

Onaga died on 8 August 2018 from pancreatic cancer, aged 67.

Peter Varghese

Peter Joseph Noozhumurry Varghese (born 1956) is an Australian diplomat and public servant. He has been the Secretary of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade since 3 December 2012.

Varghese was born in Kenya to Nasrani parents from Kerala, India. He moved to Australia as a child in 1964. He studied history and graduated from the University of Queensland. He is married and has a son.

Rostam Giv

Rostam Giv or Arbab Rostam Giv ( alternative spellings: Rustam Guiv) (1880, Yazd, Iran - October 7 1980, Whittier, California), was the founder of Giv charity foundation. He was the third representative of Iranian Zoroastrians in the Iranian parliament. He was also a senator of the Iranian Senate.

Giv was born in 1888 in Yazd. His mother's name was Kharman. His father's name was Shahpour.

Giv completed his elementary education at Kay Khosravi school. He learned English language in Yazd. He was elected as the Zoroastrians' Representative in the Iranian National Assembly after Keikhosrow Shahrokh died in 1939.
He founded "Giv's Charity foundation" in 1958 for supporting needy people. He was also selected as a senator in the Iranian Senate in 1963 because of his charity works for the Iranian people.

Rostam Bagh, is a big garden in Tehran Pars Street in Tehran. Arbab Rostam was built in 1957 for Living Zoroastrian's Needy Family. This garden covers about , including residential buildings, a meeting hall, two schools, a sports ground, a library and a fire temple.

Making a water reservoir in Yazd, which has 4000 cubic meter capacity and provides clean and safe water for people is another one of Giv's charity works.

Giv has built schools for Iranian children. He built Giv's elementary school, Ostad Khdobabakhsh elementary school and Ostad pour-Davood elementary school for boys and girls in Tehran. He donated of land to Iran's Ministry of Education in Damavand County.

A few months before the Iranian revolution, Rostam and his wife immigrated to the United States and he founded his charity foundations. They donated 4 million dollars for building Zoroastrian charities in all of the world.

They built Charity Buildings for Zoroastrians in New York, Chicago, Toronto, Vancouver and Sydney.



Radio City Cinema

Radio City was an Iranian cinema that was opened on 18 September 1958 in Tehran.

The design of this cinema was preformed by Heydar Ghiai, who was known as a pioneer of modern architecture in Iran. This Cinema was closed after 1979 Iranian Islamic revolution.

Keikhosrow Shahrokh

Keikhosrow Shahrokh (Kerman, Iran, 1864 – 1939) was the designer of the mausoleum of Persian poet Ferdowsi in the city of Tus. 

As elected representative of the Zoroastrian community, he was an active member of the Iranian parliament. He is best known for his role in the 1925 transition of the official calendar from the Islamic calendar of "hejri ghamarei" to the Iranian civil calendar, known as "hejri shamsi". 



Hippias (tyrant)

Hippias of Athens () lived in Athens in the 6th century BC. He was one of the sons of Peisistratus, the ruler of Athens. Hippias succeeded Peisistratus in 527 BC. and became tyrant of Athens.

His brother Cleisthenes was murdered in 514 BC. Hippias' behavior changed. He became cruel and angry, executing people in revenge, and taking away the freedom of people. He also was afraid of threats from the aristocrats. In the end his uncle Cleisthenes decided to overthrow Hippias and gain power for himself and his family. Hippias was captured and sent into exile, away from Athens forever in 510 BC.

Hippias fled to Persia, and the Persians threatened to attack Athens if they did not accept Hippias. The Athenians preferred to remain democratic despite the danger from Persia. Soon after, the Ionian Revolt against Persian rule began in the Greek colonies in Asia Minor. It was put down in 494 BC, but Darius I of Persia was keen to punish Athens for its role in the revolt. In 490 BC Hippias, still in the service of the Persians, led Darius to Marathon, in Greece. The Battle of Marathon began a series of Greek victories which made Athens and its colonies successful. The next 200 years saw flowering of the classical Greek civilisation.

Strelka Institute for Media, Architecture and Design

Strelka Institute for Media, Architecture and Design is an international school for architecture located in Moscow, Russia. The institute works with students from all around the world to solve problems relating to urbanism and urban development. The institute is a nonprofit project by the Russian government. It began in 2009. In 2014 the institute won a prize from the Domus Magazine for the top 100 best schools of architecture of that year.


United States National Arboretum

United States National Arboretum is the national arboretum of the United States. It is located in Washington, D.C.



Shadow the Hedgehog

Shadow the Hedgehog is a video game character of the "Sonic the Hedgehog franchise". He is a hedgehog created by Gerald Robotnik and Black Doom as the Ultimate Life Form. He first appeared in Sonic Adventure 2.

Here is a list of some games Shadow is in:

Here is a list of cartoons Shadow is in:

Chief Wiggum

Chief Clarence "Clancy" Wiggum is a fictional character on the long running TV show The Simpsons. His voice is performed by Hank Azaria. He is the police chief of Springfield.

His surname "Wiggum" is Matt Groening's mother's maiden name.

Clancy Wiggum is the police chief of Springfield. He is the father of Ralph Wiggum and the husband of Sarah Wiggum. He is often shown as an incompetent and lazy policeman.

Abraham Simpson

Abraham Jay-Jedediah "Abe" Simpson, known as Grampa Simpson, is a character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta. He first appeared on The Tracey Ullman Show in the Simpson Short "Good Night".

He is the father of Homer Simpson and the grandfather of Bart, Lisa and Maggie; he is the husband of Mona Simpson, but later he also has been married for a short time to Amber (a woman that Homer married in Las Vegas too) and to Selma Bouvier, now he's married to Rita LaFleur. He lives in an old folk's home.

Abe Simpson is a World War II veteran and he often tells long, unlikely and rambling stories about his past. He was married to Mona Simpson for many years until she became a fugitive after she destroyed biological weapons owned by Mr. Burns.
Grampa Simpson has a poor relationship with his son Homer.


Biological rhythms

Biological rhythms are the repeating cycles of activity which occur in living organisms. The best-known example is the daily or "circadian rhythm", which fits the cycle of day and night. 

Most forms of life have natural rhythms which fit them to natural changes in their environment. Animals are most active in part of the day, and rest or sleep at other times. They may be:

Plants undergo daily cycles as well. Photosynthesis has parts which need light, called light-dependent reactions, and parts which can continue at night (light-independent reactions).

Many other important cycles are also studied, including:

Rapid eye movement sleep

In mammals and birds, sleep can be divided into two categories. In one of them, the eyes move rapidly. This is called REM-sleep (from rapid eye movement). Most dreams take place in this phase. REM-sleep occurs normally at intervals throughout the night. The periods of REM-sleep increase in length in the second half of the night. REM-sleep was first discovered in 195253. The function of REM sleep is not well understood.

Nathaniel Kleitman and his student Eugene Aserinsky defined rapid eye movement and linked it to dreams in 1953. REM sleep was further described by researchers including William Dement and Michel Jouvet.

The other category, where this movement of the eyes does not happen, is called NREM-sleep (Non-REM sleep). Usually, dreams do not occur during this time. There are three or four stages of NREM-sleep. Stage I is just barely sleeping, or dozing. Stage II is also light sleep. Normally, in adult humans, about half of the time spent asleep is spent in light sleep. Stages III and IV are called deep sleep. Deep sleep is necessary for growth and healing. It can be quite difficult to awaken someone who is in stage III or stage IV sleep. Sometimes stages III and IV are combined and called stage III.

Adult humans normally sleep in cycles of 90 to 110 minutes each. The night's sleep can be four or five of these cycles. Each cycle includes, in this order: stage I, stage II, stage III (IV), stage II and REM.

The fact that birds and mammals both show REM and NREM sleep suggests that the trait evolved before the two groups diverged in their evolution. That suggests that the REM/NREM feature is both early and important in the evolution of land vertebrates.

Rapid eye movement sleep is associated with dreaming. Waking up sleepers during a REM phase is a common way to get dream reports. 80% of typical people can give some kind of dream report under these circumstances. Sleepers awakened from REM tend to give longer more narrative descriptions of the dreams they were experiencing. They estimate the duration of their dreams as longer.

Lucid dreams are reported far more often in REM sleep. The mental events which occur during REM usually have dream 'hallmarks' including narrative structure, convincingness (like waking life), and instinctual themes.

Rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder (RBD) is a sleep disorder (more specifically a parasomnia) in which people act out their dreams.

Apart from its present distribution, nothing is known about the evolution of this brain feature, and its function is not exactly known. Experiments on humans suggests they need rem sleep or they get obvious mental deterioration.

Biblical Museum of Natural History

Biblical Museum of Natural History is a small museum in Beit Shemesh, Israel. It is dedicated to the natural history of the Bible. The museum was established in 2014 by Rabbi Natan Slifkin. 


Discipline (Janet Jackson album)

Discipline is the tenth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. It was released by Island Records on February 26, 2008. It was her first album released on Island Records. It is also her last album as she has decided to leave Island Records and release her albums herself. Jackson was unhappy with Island's promotion of the album.

"Dicipline" received generally favorable reviews from critics. Metacritic gave it a Metascore of 61.



The Monkey's Paw

"The Monkey's Paw" is a supernatural horror short story by William Wymark Jacobs. It was published in 1902, in the book "The Lady of the Barge". It is one of the most famous horror short stories of English literature. It is based on the idea that the holder of a talisman has three wishes. In this case, the talisman is the mummified paw of a monkey. In the story, the wishes are granted, but the results are unexpectedly negative.

The story has been the source for many movies, and a theatre play.


Eduardo Menichetti

Eduardo Menichetti Pilas (1950/51 – 8 July 2007) was a Chilean businessman from Santiago. He was best known as the president of the football club Colo-Colo from 1990 to 1995. During his five-year tenure, the club won three Campeonato Nacional titles and three international titles.

Menichetti died from colorectal cancer on 8 July 2007 at the age of 56. His two children survived him.

Alberto Parodi

Alberto Parodi was a Chilean businessman. He was best known as the first president of the football club Colo-Colo from 1925 to 1926.

Dedrick D. Gobert

Dedrick D. Gobert (born Dedrick Dwayne Fontenot; November 25, 1971 – November 19, 1994) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles in the John Singleton movies "Boyz n the Hood" (1991), "Poetic Justice" (1993), and "Higher Learning" (1995). He was born in Shreveport, Louisiana.

Gobert was murdered on November 19, 1994 in Mira Loma, California. He was 22.

Jack Larson

Jack Edward Larson (February 8, 1928 – September 20, 2015) was an American actor, librettist, screenwriter and producer. He is best known for his role as Jimmy Olsen in the television series "Adventures of Superman" (1952–1958). He also appeared in "" and "" and the movie "Superman Returns" (2006). He retired in 2011.

Larson was born in Los Angeles, California. He grew up in Pasadena, California. He was of Swedish and Russian ancestry. He was gay and his partner of 35 years, director and screenwriter James Bridges, died in 1993.

Larson died on September 20, 2015 in Brentwood, California, aged 87.

Fred DeLuca

Frederick A. "Fred" DeLuca (October 3, 1947 – September 14, 2015) was an American billionaire businessman. He best known as the co-founder and CEO of the Subway franchise of sandwich shops.

DeLuca was born in Brooklyn, New York to Italian American parents. He was married to Elisabeth from 1965 until his death. They had a son, Jonathan.

DeLuca died from leukemia on September 14, 2015 in Lauderdale Lakes, Florida. He was 67.

Review

A review is an evaluation of a publication, service, or company. Popular reviews are about movies, video games, musical compositions or books. Other reviews are about cars, home appliances, or computers. An event or performance like a live music concert, play, musical theater show, dance show, or art exhibition are commonly reviewed. legal case decisions by a lower court may be reviewed by a higher court. In addition to a critical evaluation, the review's author may assign the work a rating to indicate its relative merit. Reviews are generally positive, neutral or negative. 

A compilation of reviews may itself be called a review. "The New York Review of Books", for instance, is a collection of essays on literature, culture, and current affairs. "National Review", founded by William F. Buckley, Jr., is an influential conservative magazine. "Monthly Review" is a long-running socialist periodical. Metacritic creates an average score of published reviews called a metascore.

A user review is one written by someone for a product or a service based on his or her own experience with the reviewed product. Popular sources for consumer reviews are e-commerce sites like Amazon.com or Zappos. Social media sites like TripAdvisor and Yelp contain user reviews. E-commerce sites often have consumer reviews for products and sellers separately. Usually, consumer reviews are in the form of several lines of texts accompanied by a numerical rating. This text is meant to help shoppers make a decision about a product. A consumer review of a product usually has comments on how well the product meets a user's expectations. It talks about how well it does its job, how reliable it is and its quality for the price. Consumer reviews are also called word of mouth. Users also comment on how they were treated by a seller. They may comment on how dependable or trustworthy a seller is.


Survey of Pakistan

Survey of Pakistan is the national mapping agency of Pakistan. The headquarters of the organization is located in the Survey Training Institute in Islamabad.


Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Created on December 15, 1791, the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution is a part of the United States Bill of Rights. This amendment establishes a number of legal rights that apply to both civil and criminal proceedings. It contains several clauses: It guarantees the right to a grand jury. It forbids double jeopardy (being tried again for the same crime after an acquittal). It protects a person against self-incrimination (being a witness against himself). This is often called "Pleading the Fifth". The Fifth Amendment requires due process in any case where a citizen may be deprived of "life, liberty, or property". Any time the government takes private property for public use, the owner must be compensated. 

The language of the Fifth Amendment is:

The Fifth Amendment requires the use of grand juries by the federal legal system for all capital and "infamous crimes" (cases involving treason, certain felonies or gross moral turpitude). Grand juries trace their roots back to the Assize of Clarendon, an enactment by Henry II of England in 1166. The United States is one of the few remaining countries that uses the grand jury.

The Double Jeopardy clause in the Fifth Amendment forbids a defendant from being tried again on the same (or similar) charges in the same case following a legitimate acquittal or conviction. In common law countries, a defendant may enter a peremptory plea of "autrefois acquit" or "autrefois convict" ("autrefois" means "in the past" in French). It means if the defendant has been acquitted or convicted of the same offence and cannot be retried under the principle of double jeopardy. The original intent of the clause is to prevent an individual to go through a number of prosecutions for the same act until the prosecutor gets a conviction.

In a criminal prosecution, under the Fifth Amendment, a person has the right to refuse to incriminate himself (or herself). No person is required to give information that could be used against him. This is also called "taking the Fifth" or more commonly "pleading the Fifth." The intent of this clause is to prevent the government from making a person confess under oath. A person may not refuse to answer any relevant question under oath unless the answer would incriminate him. If the answer to a question on the witness stand could be used to convict that person of a crime, he can assert his Fifth Amendment rights. 

The authors of the Fifth Amendment intended the provisions in it apply only to the federal government. Since 1925, under the incorporation doctrine, most provisions of the Bill of Rights now also apply to the state and local governments. Since the landmark decision Miranda v. Arizona, 384 U.S. 436 (1966), when they arrest someone, police are required to include the "right to remain silent" as part of the legal Miranda warning (the wording may vary).

The due process clause guarantees every person a fair, just and orderly legal proceeding. The Fifth Amendment applies to the federal government. The Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, among other provisions, forbids states from denying anyone their life, their liberty or their property without due process of law So the Fourteenth Amendment expands the Due Process clause of the Fifth Amendment to apply to the states. Due process means the government must follow the law and not violate any parts of it. An example of violating due process is when a judge shows bias against the defendant in a trial. Another example is when the prosecution fails to disclose information to the defense that would show the defendant is not guilty of the crime. 

The Takings Clause of the Fifth Amendment states "private property [shall not] be taken for public use, without just compensation." The Fifth Amendment restricts only the federal government. The Fourteenth Amendment extended this clause to include actions taken by State and local governments. Whenever the government wants to buy property for public use, they make an offer to the owner. If the owner does not want to sell the property, the government can take them to court and exercise a power called eminent domain. The name comes from the Latin term "dominium eminens" (meaning supreme lordship). The court then condemns the property (meaning say it can no longer be occupied by people). This allows the government to take over the property, but must pay "just compensation" to the owner. In other words, the government body must pay what the property is worth. 

A case heard before the U.S. Supreme Court, Kelo v. City of New London, 545 U.S. 469 (2005), was decided in favor of allowing the use of eminent domain to transfer land from one private owner to another private owner. The court upheld the city of New London, Connecticut's proposed use of the petitioner's private property qualifies as a "public use" fell within the meaning of the Takings Clause. The city felt the property was in poor condition and the new owner would improve it. This extension of the Takings Clause has been very controversal.

The Velvet Rope

The Velvet Rope is the sixth studio album by American singer Janet Jackson. The album was released on October 7, 1997 through Virgin Records. It was the last album that Jackson would use her full name on the title. "The Velvet Rope" was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

"The Velvet Rope" received mixed to positive reviews.


Credits adapted from AllMusic.




M. F. Husain

Maqbool Fida Husain (17 September 1915 – 9 June 2011; ) commonly known as MF Husain, was a modern Indian painter. He was a founding member of The Progressive Artists Group of Bombay (PAG). He is thought to be one of the greatest painters of India.

M. F. Husain died, aged 95, on 9 June 2011, following a heart attack. He had been unwell for several months. He died at the Royal Brompton Hospital in London, and was buried in Brookwood Cemetery on 10 June 2011.

C. K. Williams

Charles Kenneth "C. K." Williams (November 4, 1936 – September 20, 2015) was an American poet, critic and translator. Williams won nearly every major poetry award. "Flesh and Blood" won the National Book Critics Circle Award in 1987. "Repair" (1999) won the 2000 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry, was a National Book Award finalist and won the Los Angeles Times Book Prize. "The Singing" won the National Book Award, 2003 and in 2005 Williams received the Ruth Lilly Poetry Prize.

Williams died of multiple myeloma. 


Dorothea Warren O'Hara

Dorothea Warren O'Hara (August 31, 1873 - May 1972) was an American ceramic artist who won the Lifetime Membership Prize from the National Arts Club and a gold medal at the Panama–Pacific International Exposition. She was president of the Keramic Society of Greater New York and president of the New York National Society of Craftsmen.

She was born as Dorothea Warren on August 31, 1873 in Kansas City, Missouri. In 1915 she won the Lifetime Membership Prize from the National Arts Club and a gold medal at the Panama–Pacific International Exposition. In 1923 she published "The Art of Enameling on Porcelain". She died in May 1972 in Delray Beach, Florida.

He works are on display at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City and the Ueno Royal Museum in Tokyo.



Bill Erwin

William Lindsey "Bill" Erwin (December 2, 1914 – December 29, 2010) was an American movie, stage and television actor with over 250 television and movie credits. As a veteran character actor, he was widely known for his role of Sid Fields on "Seinfeld" – for which he received an Emmy nomination – as well his appearances on shows such as "I Love Lucy" and "".

Cello Suites (Bach)

The Six suites for unaccompanied cello by Johann Sebastian Bach are some of the most often performed and recognizable solo compositions ever written for cello. They were most likely composed during the period 1717–1723, when Bach served as a Kapellmeister in Köthen. The title of Anna Magdalena Bach's manuscript was "Suites á Violoncello Solo senza Basso".

The suites have been performed and recorded by many famous cellists; like Mstislav Rostropovich, Emanuel Feuermann, Pierre Fournier, Jacqueline du Pré, Paul Tortelier, André Navarra, Yo-Yo Ma, Gregor Piatigorsky, Mischa Maisky, János Starker, Anner Bijlsma or Heinrich Schiff. Yo-Yo Ma won the 1985 Best Instrumental Soloist Grammy Award for his bestselling album "Six Unaccompanied Cello Suites".


Suicide Squad (movie)

Suicide Squad is an American superhero movie based on the DC Comics team of the same name.

The movie was written and directed by David Ayer. It starred a cast featuring Will Smith, Jared Leto, Margot Robbie, Joel Kinnaman, Jai Courtney, Cara Delevingne, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Karen Fukuhara, Jay Hernandez, Adam Beach, and Viola Davis with Ben Affleck as Batman and Ezra Miller as The Flash.

By February 2009, a "Suicide Squad" movie was being made at Warner Bros. Pictures. David Ayer signed on to write and direct in September 2014 and by October the casting process had begun. Principal photography began on April 13, 2015 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and in Chicago, Illinois, and ended in August that year. The film was released on August 5, 2016 in 2D, 3D, and IMAX 3D.

A sequel, titled "The Suicide Squad", will be released in August 2021.

Black Mass (movie)

Black Mass is a 2015 American crime movie directed by Scott Cooper and written by Mark Mallouk and Jez Butterworth. It is based on the 2001 book "Black Mass: The True Story of an Unholy Alliance Between the FBI and the Irish Mob" by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill. 

The movie stars Johnny Depp, Joel Edgerton, Benedict Cumberbatch, Kevin Bacon, Jesse Plemons, Peter Sarsgaard, Rory Cochrane, Adam Scott, Dakota Johnson, and Corey Stoll.

The movie is about the criminal career of infamous Irish-American mobster Whitey Bulger (Depp). The movie was released to positive reviews on September 18, 2015.

Marcin Wrona

Marcin Wrona (25 March 1973 – 19 September 2015) was a Polish director and screenwriter. His movies "The Christening" and "Demon" were both shown at the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF) in 2010 and 2015, respectively.

Wrona was born in Tarnów. His wife, Olga Szymanska, served as a producer for "Demon".

Wrona was found dead hanging on 19 September 2015 at a hotel room in Gdynia. He was 42. His death was ruled a suicide.

Farhang Mehr

Farhang Mehr (11 December 1923 – 4 March 2018) was an American political scientist, academic and researcher, and former Iranian politician. He was a Zoroastrian.

Mehr was born in a Zoroastrian family in Tehran. His father, Mehraban, was from the province of Kerman, and migrated to Tehran when he was 14 years old. He went on to become Chief Accountant in the Iranian Parliament.

He joined the National Iranian Oil Company. He was the head of the Department of International Contracts and Industrial Relations.

He was then nominated by the prime minister to serve as the Minister of Finance. However, he could not become a minister under Iran’s constitutional law which preserved the ministerial posts for Muslims only.

Mehr’s last position in Iran, prior to the Islamic Revolution of 1979, was president of Pahlavi University in Shiraz. During his presidency, the university became internationally known for its academic excellence .

In 1981, two years after the establishment of the Revolutionary Islamic Republic of Iran, Mehr migrated to the United States. There he joined Boston University as Professor of International Relations.

Mehr died on 4 March 2018 at the age of 94.



Girl (album)

Girl is the second studio album by American recording artist Pharrell Williams. The album was released on March 3, 2014, through Williams' label i Am Other and Columbia Records. "Girl" followed Williams' first studio album, "In My Mind" (2006).

"Girl" received generally positive reviews from critics.


Number 1 to Infinity



Il racconto della nonna

Il racconto della nonna (The Tale of the Grandmother) is a musical composition by Giulio Ricordi. Are the seven pieces for piano, is a look at the adult world of childhood, that a true collection of pieces for children.



Yoram Gross

Yoram Jerzy Gross (18 October 1926 – 21 September 2015) was an Australian producer of children's and family entertainment. His company, Flying Bark Productions, is best known for producing the movies "Dot and the Kangaroo" (1977) and "Blinky Bill" (1992).

Gross was born in Kraków, Poland to Jewish parents. His brother was screenwriter, director and producer Natan Gross (1919–2005). In 1950, he moved to Israel. He later moved to Australia in 1968 with his wife and young family.

Gross died in 21 September 2015 in Sydney, New South Wales, aged 88.

Isaac Isaacs

Sir Isaac Alfred Isaacs (6 June 1855 – 11 February 1948) was an Australian judge and politician. He served as the Chief Justice of Australia from 2 April 1930 until 21 January 1931. He also served as the 9th, and first Australian-born, Governor-General from 21 January 1931 until 23 January 1936.

Isaacs was born in Melbourne, Victoria. His parents, German-born Alfred Isaacs and English-born Rebecca Abrahams, were Jewish immigrants. He was married to Deborah "Daisy" Jacobs () from 1888 until Isaacs' death. He had two daughters. He was strongly against Zionism.

Isaacs died after an illness on 11 February 1948 in South Yarra, Melbourne, aged 92. He was given a state funeral and was buried in the Melbourne General Cemetery after a synagogue service.


Armen Movsisyan

Armen Movsisyan ; 13 January 1962 – 21 September 2015) was an Armenian politician. He was the Minister of Energy and Natural Resources from 18 April 2001 until 30 April 2014. He was born in Kapan.

Movsisyan died from cancer on 21 September 2015 in Germany, aged 53.

Ahmed Mohamed clock incident

Ahmed Mohamed is a 14-year-old student who was arrested in Irving, Texas in September 2015. The arrest happened after a teacher, and later the police mistook a clock he had taken apart for a hoax bomb. His arrest caused a huge controversy.

US President Barack Obama invited him to the White House. President Obama and others complimented Mohamed for his inventive nature. Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg and Hillary Rodham Clinton also gave him support.

His father, Mohamed Elhassan Mohamed, ran in the election for President of Sudan in 2010 and 2015. The elder Mohamed is the director of the Islamic Sufi Center in Texas.

William Baker Rock

William Baker Rock (August 5, 1872 - June 27, 1922) was a vaudeville comedian and dancer. He was a partner with Maude Fulton in the vaudeville act of Rock and Fulton. He later was a partner with Frances White (1898-1969) as Rock and White.

He was born on August 5, 1872 in Evansville, Indiana to William Beverly Rock and Matilda Baker. He married Jane Ryder on October 5, 1905 in Manhattan, New York City. He married Gladys Tilbury of Brighton, England. On July 6, 1921 he married Hiler Eby of Altoona, Pennsylvania. She appeared with him in "Hitchy-Koo". On July 13, 1921 he was hospitalized and had one-third of his stomach removed. He died on June 27, 1922 at the National Stomach Hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania of cancer of the stomach. He was buried in Fairview Cemetery in Bowling Green, Kentucky.

Library of Congress Control Number

The Library of Congress Control Number is a number given to an item in the Library of Congress. It is used to identify items in the Library's collection. Each number is issued as part of a series. It is not based on a classification system. The numbering system began in 1898, and it was called the Library of Congress Card Number.

The Library made cards for its library catalogue, and they also made cards which could be sold to other libraries. They introduced the number to identify the sets of cards.

Librarians around the world still use the number, especially when identifying books published in the United States.

The number has two parts; the first is a two digit number based on the year, and the second is the next number in the series, written as a six digit number. Since 2001, the year has been written as a four digit number.


Terry Jones (pastor)

Terry Jones (born October 1951) is the pastor of Dove World Outreach Center, a small nondenominational Christian church located, until July 2013, in Gainesville, Florida, USA. He is the President of a political group, Stand Up America Now. He ran for President of the United States in 2012 and 2016.

Bright Lights (Matchbox Twenty song)

"Bright Lights" is the third single from Matchbox Twenty's third album, More Than You Think You Are. The song proved to be a moderate hit for the band. It peaked at 23 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song is written by lead singer Rob Thomas. It is about a girl who leaves her hometown looking for . Throughout the song, he lets the girl know she can come home if things don't work out.

Unwell

"Unwell" is the second single from Matchbox Twenty's third album, "More Than You Think You Are". It was written by Matchbox Twenty lead singer Rob Thomas. It was very successful on the radio, and spent 20 weeks at the top of the U.S. Adult Top 40 charts. The song is about a person who claims to not be crazy even though they're suffering from various occurrences that could lead them to be labeled as such. Rob Thomas states on the live DVD "Show" that he wrote the song to be a metaphor for humanity in general, a song for people who are "fucked up and feel alone like that. We all feel a little fucked up sometimes... you're not alone." This song is a staple of adult contemporary stations even years after its release. The song also was the second most played song in the United States for 2003 according to Billboard.

Phyllis Tickle

Phyllis A. Tickle (March 12, 1934 – September 22, 2015) was an American writer and educator. Her main field was spirituality and religion issues. She was best known for writing "The Divine Hours" series of books. She was a member of the Episcopal Church and wrote around forty books. She started off serving as the founding editor of the religion department at "Publishers Weekly". Tickle had been quoted by many different media outlets, including "Newsweek", "Time", "Life", "The New York Times", "USA Today", CNN, C-SPAN, PBS, The History Channel, the BBC and VOA. 

Tickle was born in Johnson City, Tennessee. She married her husband Samuel Tickle, Sr. in 1955. He died on January 2, 2015. They had seven children.

Tickle died from lung cancer on September 22, 2015 in Millington, Tennessee. She was 81.

Johnson City, Tennessee

Johnson City is a city in Washington, Carter, and Sullivan counties in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is mostly in Washington County. The population is 71,046, making it the eighth largest city in Tennessee. During the American Civil War before 1869 the name of the town was briefly changed to "Haynesville" in honor of Confederate Senator Landon Carter Haynes.

Johnson City is the principal city of the Johnson City Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is also a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, Tennessee–Virginia Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region. The CSA is the fifth-largest in Tennessee with an estimated 500,530 residents.

The popular citrus soda Mountain Dew traces its origins to Johnson City. In July 2012, PepsiCo announced a new flavored version of the drink named "Mountain Dew Johnson City Gold" in honor of the city. The drink was test marketed in the Chicago metropolitan area, Denver, and Charlotte, beginning in late August.

East Tennessee State University has around 16,000 students in addition to a K-12 University School, a laboratory school of about 540 students. University School was the first laboratory school in the nation to adopt a year-round academic schedule.

Milligan University is just outside the city limits in Carter County. It has about 1,200 students in undergraduate and graduate programs.

Northeast State Community College has renovated a building in downtown Johnson City for use as a new satellite teaching site.

Tusculum College is on the north side of Johnson City in the Boones Creek area.

Millington, Tennessee

Millington is a city in Shelby County, Tennessee, United States. As of 2020, 10,582 people live in Millington.

Washington Metro

The Washington Metro is a rapid transit system that serves the Washington, D.C. area in the United States. It has the second busiest rapid transit system in the United States. The New York City Subway is the busiest.

There are six lines in this system:

The first part of the metro system opened on March 27, 1976. The rail system was completed on May 19th, 2023. 

2000-series
3000-series
6000-series
7000-series

Brigham Young University–Idaho

Brigham Young University–Idaho (BYU–Idaho or BYU–I) is a private university in Rexburg, Idaho. It was founded in 1888. The university is owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). BYU-Idaho changed from a junior college to a four-year university in 2001. For most of its history it was known as Ricks College.

BYU-Idaho offers programs in liberal arts including the sciences, engineering, agriculture, management, and performing arts. The university is organized into six colleges. Its parent organization, the Church Educational System (CES), sponsors sister schools in Utah and Hawaii. The university's focus is on undergraduate education. It offers 18 associate and over 70 bachelor's degree programs. BYU-Idaho operates using a three-semester system also known as "tracks".

Students at BYU-Idaho are required to follow an honor code. About 99 percent of the university's students are members of the LDS Church. A significant percentage of the student body take an 18- (women) or 24-month (men) break from their studies to serve as missionaries. A BYU-Idaho education is generally less expensive than similar private universities. This is due to a significant help by LDS Church tithing funds, helping keep tuition rates low.

Firooz Bahram High School

Firooz Bahram High School () is one of Tehran's oldest high schools.

The architecture of the building belongs to Qajar era of Iran. It is a historical place of Tehran.

This school was built in 1932, on Zoroastrian land. The school was named after an Iranian Zoroastrian named Firooz. He died in the Mediterranean Sea in World War I.

The school's establishment was supported by Keikhosrow Shahrokh, the Zoroastrian representative in Iranian Parliament.

Pakistan Super League

Pakistan Super League (PSL) is a professional Twenty20 cricket tournament in Pakistan. Organised by the Pakistan Cricket Board, the first season of PSL took place between February 4 and 24 in 2016. The tournament was held in the United Arab Emirates. The tournament has five franchise teams: Islamabad United, Karachi Kings, Lahore Qalandars, Peshawar Zalmi and Quetta Gladiators and foreign coaches to improve the team's performance. 

The fourth edition of the Pakistan Super League will take place in February / March 2019. The tournament is scheduled to start on February 14 2019 and the final would be held on March 17 2019.

The seventh edition of the Pakistan Super League was started from 27 January 2022 to 27 February 2022. The current winner is Lahore Qalandars.

The editions with the winning team are listed below:

Source: https://www.cricingif.com/news/26618/Pakistan-Super-League 

Pakistan super League complete details first psl to 8 psl schedule, psl ceremony date Final details complete details available ,


Yogi Berra

Lawrence Peter "Yogi" Berra (May 12, 1925 – September 22, 2015) was an American baseball catcher, manager, and coach. He played almost his entire career for the Major League Baseball (MLB) team New York Yankees (1946–1963). He played for the New York Mets in 1965, and also coached the team. He won a record 13 World Series, as a player and coach. 

He is said to be one of the best catchers in baseball history. He was added to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1972. He was well known for his quotes, including "It ain't over 'til it's over." Berra sued Hanna-Barbera for defamation over the character Yogi Bear, but later withdrew the lawsuit.

Berra was born in St. Louis, Missouri. His parents were Italian immigrants. He married his wife Carmen on January 26, 1949. They had three sons, including Dale Berra. Carmen died from a stroke on March 6, 2014. She was 88 years old.

Berra died from natural causes on September 22, 2015 in West Caldwell, New Jersey, aged 90. His remains were cremated and later buried at a cemetery in New Jersey.

Mike Gibson (sports journalist)

Mike Gibson (27 May 1940 – 23 September 2015), nicknamed "Gibbo", was an Australian sports journalist and television presenter. He was an original presenter of "Nine's Wide World of Sports" and hosted "The Back Page" on Fox Sports for 16 years. He retired in 2013.

Gibson was born in Sydney, New South Wales. He was married to his wife Helen from 1959 until their divorce in 1989. He had five children.

Gibson died on 23 September 2015 at his Central Coast home in New South Wales. He was 75. He had depression and his death was ruled a suicide.

Hermanns tortoises

The Hermann's tortoise (Testudo hermanni ) is a small to medium size species of tortoise. They are native to southern Europe. They also live in nearby islands in the Mediterranean Sea. Their range is from Romania and Greece to southern Spain. About 25% of them live on the Italian Peninsula. 

Hermann's tortoises are a golden brown color. They have two dark stripes on their underside or belly. They usually have black markings. In size, they range from to in length. Females are larger than males. They also become sexually mature sooner. Their diet includes leaves, flowers and fruit. It was a popular pet but are now a protected species.

<br>

University of Chieti-Pescara

Università degli Studi Gabriele d'Annunzio () is a public university in Chieti and Pescara, Italy. It was started in 1965. 


Odesza

Odesza (also seen as ODESZA) are an American electronic music duo. They are from Seattle. Their members are Harrison Mills and Clayton Knight. The group was created in 2012 before Mills and Knight graduated from Western Washington University. Their first album, "Summer's Gone", was released in 2012. There was a lot of excitement about this album in the underground electronic music community. After "Summer's Gone, ODESZA released" their first EP, "My Friends Never Die", in 2013. They released their second LP, "In Return", in 2014, their first record backed by a big music company, Counter Records. The duo released "In Return (Deluxe Edition)" on September 18, 2015, also through Counter. This extended version of the original album had three new live recordings all featuring a horn section, instrumental music, and a new song “Light (feat. Little Dragon)”.

Harrison Mills and Clayton Knight met each other during their first year at Western Washington University. The two did not study the same things. Knight studied physics and math while Mills studied graphic design. They did not begin creating music together until their senior year in 2012. As a child, Knight was taught how to play piano.  Later, he learned guitar. The duo quickly released their first Long Play, "Summer's Gone", on September 5 the same year. On November 9, 2012, ODESZA performed their first show. They performed first for Teen Daze and Beat Connection in Bellingham, WA. They soon hit 1 million Soundcloud plays. Their debut EP, "My Friends Never Die", was released a year later. ODESZA was booked to perform first for Pretty Lights on his tour called the Analog Future Tour in the fall of 2013. Their first big tour started on March 12, 2014. ODESZA had 30 million Soundcloud plays on October 1, 2014. On October 17, 2014, ODESZA's "In Return" North American tour sold out 28 shows. Twenty-four ODESZA tracks have hit #1 on the website Hype Machine. These include "How Did I Get Here", "Memories That You Call", "Lights", "All We Need (Autograf Remix)", and several others. Their first festival performance was at Sasquatch! Music Festival in George, WA. This was followed by performances at over 20 festivals, including the following: Coachella, SXSW, Hangout Festival, Lightning In A Bottle, Governor's Ball Music Festival, Bonnaroo Music Festival, Firefly Music Festival, Free Press Summer Fest, What The Festival?!, Electric Forest Festival, Splash Festival, Montreux Jazz Festival, Skral Festival, Sea Dance Festival, Melt! Festival, WayHome Music Festival, HARD Summer Music Festival, Lollapalooza, Squamish Valley Music Festival, Outside Lands, Summer Set Music Festival, Ilesoniq Festival, Chiemsee Summer Festival, MS Dockville Festival, Pukkelpop Festival, and Positiv Festival. Upcoming festival appearances include Mad Decent Block Party, Sun City Music Festival, Backwoods Music Festival, Fun Fun Fun Fest, and Holy Ship!.

Odesza is the Hungarian spelling for the city of Odessa, Ukraine. The band's name comes from the name from Mills' uncle's ship, which sank. Only his uncle and one other crew mate survived. Since the spelling "Odessa" was already being used by a Scottish synth band, they instead used the Hungarian spelling, replacing the "ss" with "sz".

Individually, Mills is known as Catacombkid. Knight is known as Beaches Beaches. When asked how Mills got his nickname he says, "I got into Aesop Rock and he has a song called 'Catacomb Kids.' I thought it sounded cool." Knight got his nickname when, "...I was high in my bedroom making music one day…"

James David Santini

James David Santini (August 13, 1937 – September 22, 2015) was an American politician. He served as a United States Representative from Nevada from 1975 through 1983.

Santini died on September 22, 2015, in Rockville, Maryland from esophageal cancer, aged 78.

Carlos Álvarez-Nóvoa

Carlos Álvarez-Nóvoa Sánchez (1940 – 23 September 2015) was a Spanish theatre director, writer, actor and lecturer. He won the 2000 Goya Award for Best New Actor for his performance as Vecino.

Mind Body &amp; Soul

Mind Body & Soul is the second studio album by English singer-songwriter Joss Stone. It was d on 15 September 2004 by S-Curve Records. It is her first album to have songs that were not mainly covers, unlike "The Soul Sessions" (2003).

"Mind Body & Soul" received generally positive reviews from music critics.


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Mind Body & Soul".



Peter Stormare

Peter Rolf Ingvar Storm (born 27 August 1953), known professionally as Peter Stormare (), is a Swedish actor, theatre director, playwright, and musician. He is perhaps best known for playing Gaear Grimsrud in the 1996 movie "Fargo". He is also well known for his role as John Abruzzi in the Fox series "Prison Break".


Until Dawn

Until Dawn is an interactive drama survival horror video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4. It was originally scheduled to be released on the PlayStation 3 and feature PlayStation Move support, but in August 2014, the game was reintroduced as a PlayStation 4 exclusive, and was released worldwide in August 2015.

Nancy Bernstein

Nancy Bernstein (1960 – September 18, 2015) was an American visual effects producer. She worked at Digital Domain and was later Head of Production at DreamWorks Animation. She produced the DreamWorks movie "Rise of the Guardians" (2012).

Bernstein died on September 18, 2015 in California, aged 55. She had colorectal cancer and was diagnosed in December 2011.

Cecilia (songwriter)

Evangelina Sobredo Galanes also known as Cecilia (born 11 October, 1948, Madrid, Spain - d. 2 August, 1976, Castile and León, Spain) was a Spanish singer-songwriter. Galanes took her stage name "Cecilia" from the Simon and Garfunkel song of the same name. She was known for her singles: "Un ramito de violetas", "Mi querida España" and "Dama, dama". All of them were hit records during the 1970s.

Cecilia was born in El Pardo (Madrid's district and municipality) in 1948. Her father, José Ramón Sobredo, was a military officer and diplomat. During her childhood she lived in other countries such as the United Kingdom, the United States, Portugal, Algeria and Jordan. She learned to speak English in addition to her native Spanish language. Her first few works were in English, but the rest were in Spanish. She studied music at a convent school in the United States. A nun taught her to play the guitar. When she returned to Spain she attended law school, but left her studies in order to work in the music industry.

In 1966 she began her career, but did not release her first album until 1970. It was titled "Expresión". The album included songs in English such as "Try Catch the Sun" and "Have You Ever Had a Blue Day". She released the albums "Cecilia" (1972), "Cecilia 2" (1973),"Un ramito de violetas" (1975) and "Amor de medianoche" (1975).

Like many other artists in Spain, Cecilia had to deal with the censorship of General Franco´s government. Some lyrics and photographs from the albums had to be changed or even removed before they were approved. Any mention of feminism or to the Spanish Civil War were controversial. The song "Un millón de muertos" ("A million dead") even after being changed to "Un millón de sueños" ("A million dreams") was not approved to be played on the radio in Spain. "Cecilia 2" was the name that replaced "Me quedaré soltera" ("I will remain single") as the album name due to the feminism behind that statement. The front cover of the record, originally showing a pregnant Cecilia, was promptly removed by the record company. The super-hit "Mi querida España" had some words deleted on the final version to minimize references to the Civil War and the end of the dictatorship. However, the original lyrics made it into print and came out in the inner side of the gatefold cover of the album.

On 2 August 1976, Cecilia was returning from a concert in Vigo, Galicia. She was in a car accident on the C-620 highway (currently N-525) near Colinas de Trasmonte. The accident happened at 05:40 (local time). She died at the scene after being hit by a cattle truck.

Cecilia was buried in La Almudena's cemetery in Madrid.




2015 Mina stampede

On 24 September 2015, a human stampede happened in the neighbourhood of Mina in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. At least 769 people were killed and another 934 were injured. 1,014 people are missing. The victims were mostly foreign Muslims in Mecca for the annual Hajj.

Al Seckel

Alfred Paul "Al" Seckel (September 3, 1958 – 2015) was an American writer and sceptic. He was best known for helping to make optical illusions popular worldwide. He wrote around twenty books between the 1980s and 2000s.

Seckle was born in New York City and grew up in New Rochelle, New York. His mother was composer Ruth Schönthal (1924–2006). He was of Jewish ancestry. He had one daughter, born in 1987. He was an atheist.

Seckle died in September 2015 near his home in France, aged 57.

Cecilia (Simon &amp; Garfunkel song)

"Cecilia" is a song by American folk rock duo, singer-songwriter Paul Simon and singer Art Garfunkel. The song was released in April 1970 as the third single from the group's fifth and last studio album, "Bridge over Troubled Water" (1970). The song was written by Paul Simon. the song's origins lie in a late-night party. They got the rhythm when the duo and friends began slapping their thighs and drumming on a piano bench. They recorded the sound with a tape recorder, employing reverb and matching the rhythm created by the machine. Simon later wrote the song's guitar line and lyrics on the subject of an untrustworthy lover. Simon didn't remember what inspired him but he remembered Cecilia was the goddess of music.

The song was a hit single in the United States, peaking at number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100. On the "Cash Box" Top 100, it reached number one.

"Cecilia" also did well in Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, and Spain, where it reached number two, and also in Switzerland and Belgium, where it peaked at number three. The song has been the subject of numerous cover versions, most notably by the singer Suggs, whose version featured the ragga duo, Louchie Lou & Michie One and reached number four in the United Kingdom in 1996. In Malawi the song is banned. The president of the country thought the song was offensive to his official hostess, Cecilia Tamanda Kadzamira. 

Cecilia, you're breaking my heart<br>
You're shaking my confidence daily<br>
Oh, Cecilia, I'm down on my knees<br>
I'm begging you please to come home<br>

Cecilia, you're breaking my heart<br>
You're shaking my confidence daily<br>
Oh, Cecilia, I'm down on my knees<br>
I'm begging you please to come home<br>
Come on home<br>

Making love in the afternoon with Cecilia<br>
Up in my bedroom (making love)<br>
I got up to wash my face<br>
When I come back to bed someone's taken my place<br>

Cecilia, you're breaking my heart<br>
You're shaking my confidence daily<br>
Oh, Cecilia, I'm down on my knees<br>
I'm begging you please to come home<br>
Come on home<br>

Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba, ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba


150 North Riverside

150 North Riverside Plaza is a high-rise building in Chicago. The building is 54 stories tall. The building occupies a two-acre site on the west bank of the Chicago River. 

River Point

200 North Riverside Plaza, also known as River Point, is a 52-story 730 ft. (213 m) tall skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois. The 50 floor building has 92,900 m of floors space. It was developed by Hines and designed by Pickard Chilton. A groundbreaking ceremony was held for the tower in January 2013.

Paul Volcker

Paul Adolph Volcker, Jr. (September 5, 1927 – December 8, 2019) was an American economist. He was Chair of the Federal Reserve under Presidents Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan from August 1979 to August 1987. 

He was widely credited with ending the high levels of inflation seen in the United States during the 1970s and early 1980s. He was the chairman of the Economic Recovery Advisory Board under Barack Obama from February 2009 until January 2011.

In 2018, Volcker was diagnosed with prostate cancer. He died on December 8, 2019 in New York City, aged 92.

James Cross

James Richard "Jasper" Cross, CMG (29 September 1921 – 6 January 2021) was a British former diplomat in Canada. He was kidnapped by Front de libération du Québec (FLQ) militants during the October Crisis of October 1970.

On 5 October 1970, Cross was abducted at gunpoint from his British diplomatic residence at 1297 Redpath Crescent, in the Golden Square Mile district of Montreal, and held as a hostage for two months as the FLQ made a series of demands to the Quebec government. He was released on December 3 in exchange for safe passage for his abductors to Cuba.

Cross died on 6 January 2021 from COVID-19. He was 99.

Elaine Tanner

Elaine Tanner-Watt, OC (born February 22, 1951) is a Canadian retired professional swimmer. She was a backstroke, butterfly, and freestyle swimmer. She was nicknamed "Mighty Mouse" because of her small height but also because of her competitive drive.
Tanner competed for Canada at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Kingston, Jamaica. While there, she was able to win four gold medals and three silver medals. By doing this, she became the first woman to ever win four golds at a Commonwealth Games. In 1966, Tanner was awarded the Lou Marsh Trophy for being Canada's top athlete. She became the youngest person to ever win the award. The same year, she also won the Bobbie Rosenfeld Award for Canada's female athlete of the year.

In 1967, Tanner competed at the Pan American Games in Winnipeg. She won two gold medals and three silver medals at the games. She was also able to break two world records.

Tanner competed for Canada at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. She won two individual silver medals and one relay bronze medal broke the Olympic record in the preliminary no one beat her. Sadly prior political sports interference she would not allowed her long time successful coach Howard Forbey to go the the most important event of her life the Olympics WHY? A rookie new coach told her to change her rare strategy elaine being a blind obedient soldier changed to started slow compared to her always blast off start to finish she lost her first race to a rival that never beat her ever prior by a hand touch. Elaine was the overwhelming favorite she felt she let Canada down as she was touted Canada's only Gold medal. Headlines read Tanner Loses Gold rather than being the first women in Canada to win at the Olympics in swimming actually 3 medals total a first ever. No parades brutal negative press sports authorities threw her under the Bus 17 year young old teenager. She suffered from depression and retired from competition after the 1968 Olympics at 18 years of age.

She was made an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1969 and was inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1971. Since 1972, the Elaine Tanner Award has been given to Canada’s top junior female athlete.


Denis Sonet

Denis Sonet (1926 – 23 September 2015) was a French Catholic priest, chaplain, marriage counselor, and educator. He worked for the CLER Amour et Famille from 1969 until his death. He also wrote over thirty books and appeared in around five DVDs.

Dragan Holcer

Dragan Holcer (19 January 1945 – 23 September 2015) was a Croatian football defender. He played for FK Radnički Niš, HNK Hajduk Split, VfB Stuttgart, FC Schalke 04 and the Yugoslavia national team.

Holcer was born in a Nazi prison camp in Zwiesel, Bavaria, Germany. His mother was Austrian-Italian and his father was Slovenian.

Holcer died on 23 September 2015 in Split, aged 70.

Sannahed

Sannahed is a locality in Kumla Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 417 people lived there.

Hachikō

Hachikō (November 10, 1923 – March 8, 1935) was an Akita dog. He is best known for his unusual loyalty. He remained a faithful pet for many years after his owner died. He was so loyal he is now a statue at the station he waited for his owner at.

The dog was born on a farm near the city of Ōdate in Akita Prefecture.

In 1924, Hidesaburō Ueno, a professor in the agriculture department at the University of Tokyo, took Hachikō, a golden brown Akita as a pet. During his owner's life, Hachikō greeted him at the end of each day at the nearby Shibuya Station. The two kept their daily routine until May 1925, when Professor Ueno did not come back to the train station. The professor had died of a cerebral hemorrhage. Each day for the next nine years, nine months and fifteen days, Hachikō waited for Ueno's return. He showed up at the exact time the train was due at the station.

Other travellers begin to notice Hachikō still showing up. Many of the people had seen Hachikō and Professor Ueno meet each afternoon. At first, people who worked at the station were not very friendly to the dog. But after a story was written about him in "Asahi Shinbun", people started to bring Hachikō treats and food for him to eat while he waited.

In 1932 one of Ueno's students Hirokichi Saito (who had learned much about the Akita breed) saw the dog at the station. He followed him to the home of the former gardener of Professor Ueno—Kikuzaboro Kobayashi, where he learned the history of Hachikō's life. Shortly after this meeting, the former student published a census of all the Akitas in Japan. His research found only 30 purebred Akitas still alive, including Hachikō from Shibuya Station.

Saito went back many times to visit Hachikō. Over the years he wrote several news stories about the dog's remarkable loyalty. In 1932 one of these stories, published in the Tokyo "Asahi Shinbun", made Hachikō a national sensation.

His faithfulness to his master's memory meant a spirit of family loyalty for all Japanese people to achieve. Teachers and parents used Hachikō's devotional watching for his master as an example for children to follow. A well-known Japanese artist made a sculpture of the dog, and in Japan a new awareness of the Akita breed grew.

At last, Hachikō's legendary faithfulness became a national symbol of loyalty to the Emperor of Japan himself.

Hachikō died on March 8, 1935, and was found on a street in Shibuya.


Ellis Kaut

Elisabeth "Ellis" Kaut (17 November 1920 – 24 September 2015) was a German author of children's literature. She was best known for her creation of Pumuckl, an imp appearing in radio plays and TV series. She also published novellas and some illustrated books.

Kaut was born in Stuttgart, Germany. Her parents moved the family to Munich when she was two years old. In 1938, aged 18, Kaut was elected the first official Münchner Kindl for that year. In 1939 she married author Kurt Preis. She continuing to live in Munich. They had a daughter, Ursula, born in March 1945. Kaut received actor's training, then studied sculpting. From 1948 she was a freelance author. She also had some speaking parts in radio plays in the 1950s and 1960s. She supervised children's programmes at Bayerischer Rundfunk. She was also active as a painter and photographer. In a 2010 interview, Kaut said that writing was always hard work for her.

Kaut's husband died in 1991. Her last place of residence was in the district of Pasing in Munich. On 24 September 2015, aged 94, she died in a nursing home near Fürstenfeldbruck. She had been ill for a long time.



Tony Goldwyn

Anthony Howard Goldwyn (born May 20, 1960) is an American actor, director, producer, singer and political activist. His well-known roles include Carl Bruner in "Ghost", Tarzan in "Tarzan", Colonel Bagley in "The Last Samurai" and the President in the ABC political drama "Scandal".

Goldwyn was born on May 20, 1960 in Los Angeles, California, the son of actress Jennifer Howard and film producer Samuel Goldwyn Jr. Goldwyn's paternal grandparents were mogul Samuel Goldwyn, a Polish Jewish immigrant, from Warsaw, and actress Frances Howard, who was originally from Nebraska.

Following his departure from drama school, Goldwyn began acting in guest star roles in the mid-1980s. Goldwyn is well known for his portrayal of Carl Bruner, friend-turned-betrayer of Patrick Swayze's character Sam Wheat in "Ghost". He is also well known for his turn on the comedy series "Designing Women", in which he played a young interior designer named Kendall Dobbs, who was HIV positive and asked the women of Sugarbakers to design his funeral. In the HBO miniseries "From the Earth to the Moon", Goldwyn played astronaut Neil Armstrong, commander of Apollo 11.

Chemical potential

Chemical Potential Energy is the energy stored up in substances due to their chemical bonds. It is energy that is stored in chemicals. One example of how this plays a part in real life is through plants. The plants make energy with chemical potential energy by the process of photosynthesis. Other organisms eat the plants to get energy and so on. Energy is passed from one organism to another. This is how chemical potential energy works in the environment. Another common example is the energy stored in gasoline. When the car is turned on, the chemical energy in the gas is converted into mechanical energy to move the car. The law of conservation of energy says energy cannot be created or destroyed. It can only be changed from one form into another.


Free Speech Flag

The Free Speech Flag is a symbol to promote freedom of speech. It was designed by artist John Marcotte. It was created on May 1, 2007, during a conflict on the Internet with the group AACS. AACS controlled a code to copy HD DVDs and Blu-ray Discs. The design of the flag and its colors correspond to that special code. It became popular on the Internet. It inspired other versions.


New York State Capitol

The New York State Capitol is the capitol building of the U.S. state of New York. The New York State Legislature meets in this building. The building is in the state's capital city, Albany. It is part of the Empire State Plaza on State Street in Capitol Park.

The building was completed in 1899. It cost $25 million. It was the most expensive government building of its time. The building is a mix of architectural styles. Because different architects were involved at different times, the building is a combination of Italian Renaissance and Romanesque architecture. It sits on a granite foundation. In addition to the State Assembly Chamber, it has the State Senate Chamber and the governor's office (also called the Red Room).

The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971. The following year it was declared a National Historic Landmark.

Maersk

A.P. Moller–Maersk Group (Danish: "A.P. Møller–Mærsk A/S", ), also known as Maersk, is a Danish business conglomerate. A.P. Møller – Maersk Group has activities in a variety of business sectors, primarily within the transportation and energy sectors. It has been the largest container ship operator and supply vessel operator in the world since 1996.

The Maersk Group is based in Copenhagen, Denmark, with subsidiaries and offices in more than 135 countries worldwide and around 89,000 employees. It ranked 142 on the Forbes Global 2000 list for 2014.

Moti Kirschenbaum

Mordechai "Moti" Kirschenbaum (; September 24, 1939 – September 25, 2015) was an Israeli media personality and documentarian. He was born in Kfar Saba. 

He was a staff member of the Israeli television from its first day in May 1968, and was editor of "Mabat", its news program, during its first three years. He directed several documentaries, and produced and edited several television programs (including "Lo HaKol Over" and "Nikui Rosh").

Kirschenbaum died in Mikhmoret at the age of 76.

John Thomas Dooling

John Thomas Dooling (February 22, 1871 - November 15, 1949) was the assistant district attorney for New York City and an adviser to Tammany Hall for 40 years.

Dooling was born on February 22, 1871 in Brooklyn, New York City. He died on November 15, 1949 in White Plains, New York.

Ellery Cory Stowell

Ellery Cory Stowell (December 12, 1875 - January 1, 1958) was a professor of international law at Columbia University and then American University in Washington, D.C. He represented the United States at The Hague Convention of 1907 and the London Naval Conference of 1909.

Stowell was born on December 12, 1875 in Lynn, Massachusetts. He was a professor of international law at Columbia University and then American University in Washington, D.C. He moved to California when he retired. He died on January 1, 1958 in Berkeley, California.

Stowell's papers are stored at Stanford University.

Kevin McCarthy

Kevin Owen McCarthy (born January 26, 1965) is an American politician. He was the 55th Speaker of the House of Representatives from January 7, 2023 to October 3, 2023. He is a member of the Republican Party. Before becoming speaker, he was the House minority leader of the United States House of Representatives from 2019 to 2023. He was the U.S. representative for California's 23rd district from 2007 to 2023.

McCarthy was voted out as speaker on October 3, 2023 by several members of his own party. His time as speaker was the third-shortest for a Speaker of the House in United States history, and he is the first speaker to ever be removed from the role during a legislative session.

McCarthy was born on January 26, 1965, in Bakersfield, California. In 1984, at age 19, McCarthy ran his first business selling sandwiches out of the back of his uncle's yogurt shop on Stine Road.

McCarthy studied at California State University, Bakersfield, where he earned a Bachelor of Science in marketing in 1989 and a Master of Business Administration in 1994. During college, he worked as a seasonal firefighter for the Kern County Fire Department.

McCarthy was elected to the California State Assembly in 2002. He became the Republican floor leader in 2003. In 2006, McCarthy was first elected to the United States House of Representatives as a representative for California's 22nd district. 

On September 25, 2015, John Boehner announced his intention to resign as speaker of the House effective October 30, 2015. Many media outlets speculated that McCarthy would likely replace him. He was the presumptive successor to Speaker John Boehner. 

On September 28, McCarthy formally announced his candidacy for Speaker of the House. Having held congressional office for less than nine years, McCarthy would have been the least experienced Speaker since 1891. On October 8, 2015, McCarthy dropped out of the race for Speaker of the House. 

In October 2015, McCarthy was accused of having an affair with Representative Renee Ellmers. He had unexpectedly dropped out of the race for Speaker of the House shortly before the allegations surfaced.

He led the Republicans in gaining narrow control of the House in the 2022 midterm elections; however he failed to win the Speakership on the first fourteen ballots upon the start of the 118th Congress. He was criticized by far-right conservatives which refused to vote him in as speaker. He was elected speaker on the fifteenth ballot on January 7, 2023.

On October 3, 2023, he was voted out of his role as Speaker of the House making it the first time in U.S. history that one has been removed during a legislative term. Voting to remove McCarthy were House Democrats and eight House Republicans: Gaetz, Andy Biggs, Ken Buck, Tim Burchett, Eli Crane, Bob Good, Nancy Mace, and Matt Rosendale. After the vote, McCarthy announced he would not seek the speakership again. He was replaced by Louisiana Representative Mike Johnson on October 25, 2023.

On December 6, 2023, McCarthy announced that he would be resigning from the House at the end of that year. His term officially ended on December 31, 2023.

McCarthy and his wife, Judy, have two children. He and his family are Baptists and members of the Southern Baptist Convention.


Party leaders of the United States Senate

The Senate Majority and Minority Leaders are two United States Senators who are elected by the party caucuses that hold the majority and the minority. These leaders are elected to their positions.

The current leaders are Democratic Majority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York and Republican Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky. The current Assistant Majority Leader is Democrat Dick Durbin of Illinois. The current Assistant Minority Leader is Republican John Thune of South Dakota.


Party leaders of the United States House of Representatives

Party leaders and whips of the United States House of Representatives are elected by their respective parties in an opened-door caucus by secret ballot and are also known as floor leaders.

The U.S. House of Representatives does officially use the term "Minority Leader" and so does the media. The House uses the terms "Republican Leader" or "Democratic Leader" depending on which party holds a minority of seats.

The current party leaders are: Majority (Republican) Leader Steve Scalise, and Majority (Republican) Whip Tom Emmer, Minority (Democratic) Leader Hakeem Jeffries, and Minority (Democratic) Whip Katherine Clark.


Steve Scalise

Stephen Joseph "Steve" Scalise (born October 6, 1965) is an American politician. He is the United States House of Representatives Majority Leader since 2023 and representative for , serving since 2008. He is a member of the Republican Party and the chairman of the 170-member conservative House Republican Study Committee.

On June 14, 2017, Scalise was shot at a practice session for the congressional baseball team in Virginia, by James T. Hodgkinson. Later that day Scalise was reported to be in critical condition. Scalise underwent treatment for several months, returning to Congress on September 28.

On August 29, 2023, Scalise announced he had been diagnosed with multiple myeloma. He said the cancer was detected early and was "very treatable".

On October 3, 2023 Kevin McCarthy was removed as Speaker of the House. Days later, House Republicans chose Scalise over Jim Jordan as their candidate for Speaker of the House, by a margin of 113 to 99. After failing to win the necessary 217 Republican votes to become the Speaker of the House, Scalise withdrew his name from consideration as a nominee for the Speakership.


Grant Teaff

Grant Garland Teaff (; born November 12, 1933) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head coach at McMurry University (1960–1965), Angelo State University (1969–1971), and Baylor University (1972–1992), compiling a career college football record of 170–151–8.

In his 21 seasons as head coach of the Baylor Bears football team, Teaff's teams won two Southwest Conference titles and appeared in eight bowl games. His 128 wins are the most of any coach in the history of the program. Teaff was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 2001.

Alfred E. Mann

Alfred E. Mann (1925 – February 25, 2016), also known as Al Mann, was an American entrepreneur and philanthropist. In 1956, Mann founded Spectrolab, the first of his aerospace companies. He also founded Heliotek, a semiconductor company, that became a major supplier of solar cells for spacecraft.

Mann died from a heart attack on February 25, 2016 after collapsing on an airplane before it took off in Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 90.


Cave of the Prophets

Cave of the Prophets (also called: Tomb Cave of the Prophets Haggai, Zechariah and Malachi) is an ancient burial cave located in the Mount of Olives Jewish Cemetery in Jerusalem, near the Seven Arches Hotel. According to Jewish tradition, this cave system is the burial cave of the prophets Haggai, Zechariah and Malachi.

Tomb of Pharaoh's daughter

The Tomb of Pharaoh's daughter, also called the Monolith of Silwan, is an ancient burial building in the Mount of Olives Jewish Cemetery in Jerusalem. According to Jewish tradition, this building was the tomb of the Egyptian wife of king Solomon. The tomb is at the end of the Kidron Valley necropolis, under the houses of the Palestinian neighborhood of Silwan. It is the only tomb in the necropolis that is not a cave.

Bell, Book and Candle

Bell, Book and Candle is a 1958 American romantic comedy movie, made in Technicolor. It is based on a successful Broadway play of the same name. The plot for the movie was changed to add characters to the scenes. In the play, some minor people are only talked about, but never seen. Also, the movie has action in Manhattan, Greenwich Village, shops, offices and night clubs. The play's scenes take place in one apartment.

The movie stars Kim Novak as a witch who casts a spell on her neighbor, played by James Stewart. Also appearing are Jack Lemmon, Ernie Kovacs, Hermione Gingold and Elsa Lanchester. Ernie Kovaks plays a very confused character, because he is commanded to appear by magic and has no idea where he is or why.

"Bell, Book and Candle" was Stewart's last leading romantic role in a movie.


Early in 1957 producers began a promotional search for Siamese cats to play Pyewacket. One source said as many as twelve cats would be needed for all the stunts and action in the movie.

It is the Christmas holiday season in Greenwich Village. Gillian Holroyd is a witch. She does not obey the rules of witchcraft and likes to walk around barefoot. She has not been lucky in love. She is unhappy with her life. She has an admiring love for her neighbor, publisher Shep Henderson.

One day he walks into her African art gallery. He asks to make a telephone call (after Gillian's aunt put a spell on his phone and broke it). Gillian learns Shep is about to marry an old college enemy of hers, Merle Kittridge. Gil and Pyewacket take revenge by casting a spell on Shep, so he has to fall in love with her. She eventually falls in love with him too. She must make a choice, because witches who fall in love lose their supernatural powers. When she decides to love Shep, Gillian's cat and animal spirit, Pyewacket, becomes angry and leaves.

Sidney Redlitch, the author of a best-selling book "Magic in Mexico," suddenly appears in Shep's office (thanks to a little magic trick that just takes him there). Gilliam and Pyewacket have him arrive when she finds out Shep wants to meet with him about writing a book together. Redlitch is befuddled and confused but soon catches on. Redlitch is doing research for a book on witches in New York. He gats an "inside" helper when Gillian's warlock brother Nicky offers to help in exchange for a share of the profits.

Gillian later confesses to Shep that she is a witch and has bewitched him. Shep becomes angry, believing she cast a spell on him just to get even with Merle, and the two argue. Gillian tries to cast various spells on Merle, such as making her fall in love with the first man who walks into her apartment. She finds out, however, that she has lost her powers because she loves Shep.

Meanwhile, Shep finds he really cannot leave Gillian, because of the spell. To escape, he turns to another witch, Bianca De Pass who breaks the spell with a horrible cooked brew that he must drink. Shep again fights with Gillian and leaves her heartbroken.

Shep is not able to get back together with Merle. She does not believe the witch story is true. Months later, Shep returns and finds out Gillian has lost her magic powers because of her love for him. Even Pyewacket has left her because she is not still magical. When he realizes her love is true, the two make up.

"Bell Book and Candle" was said to be a "blockbuster" by Columbia Pictures. Before it was released, the movie got heavy promotion.

Novak appeared with Pyewacket, the cat, on the November 25 cover of "Life magazine" "(LIFE)", along with an article. There were also favorable write-ups in other major magazines.

A production number on "The Steve Allen Show" (a televvision variety show) played the theme music.

"Bell, Book and Candle" received Academy Award nominations in two categories: Best Art Direction for Cary Odell and Louis Diage; and Best Costume Design for Jean Louis.

It also received a Golden Globes nomination for Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy.

The music heard in the movie was written by George Duning, a Columbia veteran composer. The music uses bongo drums and violins to bring out the magical mood of the plot. Heard during the opening credits, a few lines of "Jingle Bells" music are used to set the time of the story as Christmas.

Each witch, including Pyewacket the cat, has an individual musical tune heard every time they are seen. Duning recorded sounds and replayed them at higher speeds to make the music sound spooky and odd. The soundtrack was released in January 1959.


Richie Sambora

Richard Stephen "Richie" Sambora (born July 11, 1959) is an American guitarist, vocalist, composer, songwriter and producer. He is best known as the lead guitarist of American hard-rock band Bon Jovi.

When Sambora was a child, he spent a lot of time with his grandparents, who were Poles. He grew up in Woodbridge, New Jersey. At the age of 12, Sambora started to play guitar. He was a fan of Led Zeppelin, The Beatles, and Eric Clapton.

As a member of Bon Jovi, Sambora collected more than seventy gold and platinum CDs. In his career, he played on several tours. He released 3 solo albums.

Sambora made a lot of soundtracks. He cooperated with Desmond Child. In 2004, music magazine "Guitar World" ranked him 58th out of 100 of the best world heavy metal guitarists.

In 2013, Sambora suddenly left Bon Jovi.

Sambora has more than 200 guitars.

Sambora has his own record company "Mutiny Record." 

In December 1994, Sambora married an Amercian actress Heather Locklear. Their marriage ended in divorce in February 2006. They have a daughter Ava Elizabeth (born October 4, 1997). He is a Catholic and campaigned with Jon for Democrat John Kerrys presidential campaign in 2004.

Sonoma, California

Sonoma is a historic city in Sonoma County, California, United States. As of 2020, the population was 10,739.

During the Mexican-American War, Sonoma was the place of the 1846 Bear Flag Revolt. This revolt created the California Republic, a country (with Sonoma as the capital) that existed for less than one month. Sonoma is also known for its history of historic mineral pool spas. Currently the highest grossing tourist attraction is the acres of vinyards and wineries including B.R. Cohn and Benzinger.


Point Loma, San Diego

Point Loma is a community in San Diego, California that is next to the ocean. Point Loma is a peninsula that has many hills and beaches. The community has a population of around 47,981 (also including the community of Ocean Beach).

Point Loma was important early on because many of the first European people landed on the peninsula to get into modern-day California. Today, Point Loma has two military bases, a national cemetery, a national monument, and a university.

In the government, Point Loma is represented in the City Council District 2. 

San Diego City Council

The San Diego City Council is the legislative branch of government in San Diego, California. The council has a Strong-mayor system. The council was made in 1850. There are nine members of the council. City council members serve a four-year term and can only have two back to back terms.

The make up of the council is five Democratic Party members and four Republican Party members.

Council members earn $75,386 a year. The Salary Setting Commission wanted to make their salaries $175,000 instead, but the city council all decided to vote against it.

The members of the council have the power to introduce and pass laws. They also vote on new laws presented to them. For a law to pass, the council must have at least five votes for the law. The mayor, executive branch, can veto laws. The council can remove his veto with at least six members voting against the veto.


Priyanka Chopra

Priyanka Chopra Jonas (born on 18 July 1982 in Jamshedpur, Bihar, India) is an Indian actress, model, singer and dancer. She is the winner of the Miss World pageant of 2000. Chopra is a UNICEF goodwill ambassador.
She has won many awards, and has become one of Bollywood's highest paid actresses. She stars in the US television series "Quantico" which premiered on September 27, 2015. 

Chopra's parents were both in the Indian Army, so her family moved often. While she was a teenager, she lived in the United States for some years. Since she won the Miss World title in 2000, she has been in many films, television shows, and she has released 3 singles.

In 2018, she married an American singer-songwriter and actor Nick Jonas. In January 2022, the couple had their first child, via surrogacy.


Émile Marie Laurent

Emile Marie Laurent (1 October 1852 - October 1930) was the Prefecture of Police of Paris from September 1914 to June 1917.

Laurent was born on 1 October 1852 in Brest, France. He served in the military from 25 October 1875 to 5 October 1877. He was appointed as the Prefecture of Police of Paris on 2 September 1914. He retired on 5 June 1917. He died in October 1930 in Paris.

Homa Rousta

Homa Rousta (‎; 26 September 1946 – 26 September 2015) is an Iranian actress. She was best known for her roles in the movies "Report on a Murder" (1986), "The Little Bird of Happiness" (1987), "Travellers" (1991) and "From Karkheh to Rhine" (1992).

Rousta was born in Tehran. She graduated in theatre from the School of Dramatic Arts in Bucharest, Hungary. She was the widow of stage director Hamid Samandarian.

Rousta died from cancer on her 69th birthday (26 September 2015) in Los Angeles, California, United States.

Claudio Baggini

Claudio Baggini (1 August 1936 – 25 September 2015) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop.

Baggini was born in Rome. He was became a priest on 14 June 1959. He served as the Bishop of Vigevano from 18 March 2000 until 12 March 2011. He resigned.

Baggini died on 25 September 2015 in Lodi at the age of 79.

Andrzej Duda

Andrzej Sebastian Duda (born 16 May 1972) is a Polish politician and lawyer. On 6 August 2015, he became the President of Poland. He has a PhD in law. From 2006 to 2007, he was a secretary of state in the Ministry of Justice. From 2008 to 2010, Duda was secretary of state in the Office of President of Poland, Lech Kaczyński. He was also a member of the European Parliament.

In the 2020 election, Duda was re-elected with 51% of the vote.

Quantico (TV series)

Quantico is an American drama-thriller television series It was created and produced by Joshua Safran and Mark Gordon. The program premiered on ABC on Sunday September 27, 2015 at 10:00 pm EDT. It concerns a group of young Federal Bureau of Investigation recruits, who are training at the FBI Training Academy in Quantico, Virginia.

The series stars Aunjanue Ellis as Miranda Shaw, the Assistant Director of the FBI Academy. Josh Hopkins plays her subordinate, FBI Special Agent Liam O'Connor. The series' protagonist (main character) is Alex Parrish (Priyanka Chopra), an FBI trainee who has an affair with another recruit. Jake McLaughlin, Tate Ellington, Graham Rogers, Johanna Braddy, Yasmine Al Masri, and Anabelle Acosta co-star as FBI recruits.


Offa's Dyke

Offa's Dyke (Welsh: "Clawdd Offa") is a large earthwork that roughly follows the current border between England and Wales. 

The structure is named after Offa, the 8th century king of Mercia. He is believed to have ordered its construction. Its original purpose is not known for sure. It followed the border between Anglian Mercia and the Welsh kingdom of Powys. The dyke was up to 65 feet (20 m) wide (including its flanking ditch) and 8 feet (2.4 m) high. It ran over low ground, hills and rivers. Today the earthwork is protected as a scheduled monument. 

Offa's Dyke Path is a 177 mile (283 km) footpath which runs between Prestatyn in the north (Liverpool Bay) and Sedbury, near Chepstow (the Severn Estuary) in the south. This is from north of Offa's Dyke to south of it, and runs near the dyke in its central part. It is also thought to be constructed under the orders of Offa. It is a British National Trail.

Some sections of the dyke are defined as Sites of Special Scientific Interest, and Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty. Most of the line of Offa's Dyke is designated as a Public Right of Way, including those sections which form part of the Offa's Dyke Path.

In August 2013, a section of the dyke, between Chirk and Llangollen, was destroyed by a local landowner. The destruction of the dyke to build a stables was said to be like "driving a road through Stonehenge".

Manuel Oltra

Manuel Oltra i Ferrer (8 February 1922 – 26 September 2015) was a Spanish composer. He was known for composing music about harmony and counterpoint music. He led the Conservatorio Superior Municipal de Barcelona from 1959 until its disestablishment in 1987. Oltra was born in Valencia, Spain.

Oltra died of pneumonia in Barcelona, Spain at the age of 93.


Syed Ahmed (politician)

Syed Ahmed (March 6, 1945 - September 27, 2015) was an Indian politician, author and a member of the Congress Party. He was sworn in as the sixteenth Governor of Manipur on May 16, 2015, but only served four months before dying of cancer in office on September 27.

2014 FIFA World Cup Group A

Group A of the 2014 FIFA World Cup consisted of Brazil, Croatia, Mexico and Cameroon. Play began on 12 June and ended on 23 June 2014.


Brian T. Delaney

Brian Thomas Delaney (born November 17, 1976) is an American actor, singer, voice artist, and comedian.

Delaney was born Brian Thomas Delaney in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on November 17, 1976.

Peter Kelamis

Peter Kelamis (born December 11, 1967) is an Australian-born-Canadian actor, voice actor, comedian and impressionist. He was born in Sydney, Australia and raised in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. He is best known for playing Dr. Adam Brody in "Stargate Universe", Goku in the Ocean Group English dub of the animated series "Dragon Ball Z" and Rolf from "Ed, Edd n Eddy".

Kelamis has been married to Canadian actress Alannah Stewartt since 2004 and they currently reside in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.

Nordic model

The Nordic model (or Nordic capitalism or Nordic social democracy) is the economic and social policies common to the Nordic countries (Denmark, Finland, Norway, Iceland, Greenland, Faroe Islands and Sweden).

This includes a combination of free market capitalism with a comprehensive welfare state and collective bargaining at the national level.

Workplace democracy

Workplace democracy is a form of democracy in all its forms (including voting systems, debates, democratic structuring, due process, adversarial process, systems of appeal) to the workplace.

Student debt

Student debt is a form of debt that is owed by an attending, withdrawn or graduated student to a lending institution. The lending is often of a student loan, but debts may be owed to the school if the student has dropped classes and left the school. 

Tuition payments

Tuition payments, usually known as tuition in American English and as tuition fees in Commonwealth English, are fees charged for students looking for a higher education.

Tuition payments are charged by colleges and universities include costs for lab equipment, computer systems, libraries, facility upkeep and to provide a comfortable student learning experience. 

Trans-Pacific Partnership

The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) is a proposed free trade agreement drafted 5 October 2015 between several Pacific Rim countries. It is about many different matters of economic policy. Among other things, the TPP seeks to lower trade barriers such as tariffs, establish a common framework for intellectual property, enforce standards for labour law and environmental law, and establish an investor-state dispute settlement mechanism.

Boston Herald

The Boston Herald is a daily newspaper published in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, and its surrounding area. It was started in 1846. It is one of the oldest daily newspapers in the United States. It has been awarded eight Pulitzer Prizes in its history, including four for editorial writing and three for photography. In 1981, it became a tabloid newspaper.

Politico

Politico is a political journalism organization based in Arlington County, Virginia, that covers the issues, ideas and personalities behind politics and policy in the United States and in the global arena. It focuses on politicians, scandals, presidential candidates, elections, and foreign policies.

Politico was established in 2007.

The Hill (newspaper)

The Hill is an American political newspaper published in Washington, D.C. since 1994. It is owned by News Communications, Inc., which is owned by "Capitol Hill Publishing", Chairman James A. Finkelstein.

It focuses on the intersection of politics, policy, business and international relations, The Hill coverage includes Congress, the White House and federal campaigns.

The Burlington Free Press

Burlington Free Press is a daily newspaper based in Burlington, Vermont, in the United States. With a circulation of about 20,166 daily and 27,830 on Sundays, it is the largest daily newspaper in Vermont.

The newspaper has been hit by waves of layoffs over the past several years and employs 272 full-time employees in its Burlington headquarters. International news is usually reprinted stories supplied by the Associated Press and Reuters news services.

The Boston Globe

The Boston Globe is an American daily newspaper based in Boston, Massachusetts. Founded in 1872 by Charles H. Taylor, it was privately held until 1973. The "Boston Globe" has been awarded 23 Pulitzer Prizes since 1966, and its chief print rival is the "Boston Herald". In 2002, they exposed the massive child abuse cover-up by the Roman Catholic Church.

Washington Examiner

The Washington Examiner is a political journalism publication based in Washington, D.C., is a weekly magazine. The local newspaper ceased publication on June 14, 2013, and its content began to focus exclusively on national politics, switching its print edition from a daily newspaper to a weekly magazine format.

Single-payer healthcare

Single-payer health care is a system in which the government, rather than private insurers, pays for all healthcare costs. Single-payer systems may contract for healthcare services from private organizations. The actual funding of a "single payer" system comes from all or a portion of the covered population. Although the fund holder is usually the state, some forms of single-payer use a mixed public-private system. This is practiced in Canada, the United Kingdom, Estonia and many other countries

LA Law Library

The LA Law Library is the second largest public law library in the United States (behind the Law Library of Congress. It has just under 1 million books.

The library is now at 301 W 1st St in downtown Los Angeles.

it was started in 1891 by local attorneys.
for its first 60 years it was located on the courthouse on hill street. then they build the current building. it took from 1951-1953 to finish it.
an addition was built in 1969-1970.


Frank Tyson

Frank Holmes Tyson (6 June 1930 – 27 September 2015) was an English cricketer and journalist. In the 1950s, he played 17 Test matches, taking 76 wickets at an outstanding bowling average of 18.56. He was a fast bowler and was given the nickname "Typhoon Tyson" for his speed.

Tyson was born in Farnworth, Lancashire. In 1960, he moved to Australia and became a journalist. He was married to Ursula and had three children.

Tyson died on 27 September 2015 on the Gold Coast in Queensland. He was 85.


Siegfried Gottwald

Siegfried Johannes Gottwald (30 March 1943 – 20 September 2015) was a German mathematician, logician and historian of science. For his work to set theory, he became well known. He taught at the Leipzig University from 1972 to his retirement in 2008. He wrote seven published books between 1973 and 2001.

Gottwald was born in Limbach, Saxony. He studied mathematics at the Leipzig University from 1961 to 1966. He was married with three children.

Gottwald died on 20 September 2015 at the age of 72.

Ton van de Ven

Antonius Hendrikus Maria "Ton" van de Ven (1 January 1944 – 16 September 2015) was a Dutch industrial designer. He was best known for being the creative director at the Efteling theme park in Kaatsheuvel. He designed many things at the theme park between the mid-1970s and early 2000s, including ten rides.

Van de Ven was born in Eindhoven, North Brabant. He was married and had three children.

Van de Ven died from a cerebral hemorrhage on 16 September 2015 in Tilburg. He was 71.

Wilton Felder

Wilton Lewis Felder (August 31, 1940 – September 27, 2015) was an American jazz musician. He played the saxophone and bass. He is best known as a founding member of The Jazz Crusaders, later known as The Crusaders. He was born in Houston, Texas.

Felder died of multiple myeloma on September 27, 2015 in Whittier, California. He was 75.

Sleepless in Seattle

Sleepless in Seattle is a 1993 American romantic comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Nora Ephron and it was produced by Gary Foster. "Sleepless in Seattle" was released on June 25, 1993.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 72% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. "Sleepless in Seattle" was nominated for two Academy Awards at the 66th Academy Awards in the categories of Best Original Screenplay and Best Original Song but did not win in either. At the 51st Golden Globe Awards, the movie was nominated for Best Film - Musical or Comedy. Tom Hanks was nominated for Best Actor - Musical or Comedy and Meg Ryan was nominated for Best Actress - Musical or Comedy.


John Sergeant Cram

John Sergeant Cram, Sr. (1852-1936) was the Head of the New York Public Service Commission.

Cram was born in 1852 in New York to Henry A. Cram and Catherine Sergeant. He attended the St. Paul School in Concord, New Hampshire and then Harvard University. He was appointed as the head of the New York Public Service Commission by Charles Seymour Whitman from 1911 to 1916. In 1916 he was replaced by Travis H. Whitney. He married Edith Claire Bryce. He died in 1936. His widow died in 1960.

Movius Line

The Movius Line is a theoretical line drawn across northern India. It was proposed by the American archaeologist Hallam L. Movius in 1948 to show a technological difference between the early prehistoric tool technologies of the east and the west of the Old World.

Movius noticed that the palaeolithic stone tools from sites east of northern India never contained handaxes. They had less formal implements known as chopping tools. These were sometimes as extensively worked as the Acheulean tools from further west, but could not be described as true handaxes. Movius then drew a line on a map of India to show where the difference occurred, dividing the tools of Africa, Europe and Western and Southern Asia from those of Eastern and South-eastern Asia.

Fossil evidence also suggests a difference in the evolutionary development of the people who made the two different tool types across the Movius Line. The line is still in use as a distinction between the two traditions. The existence of the line, in terms of stone tool technology and human evolution, is still not explained.

Britt Allcroft

Britt Allcroft may refer to:

Gullane Entertainment

Gullane Entertainment (originally The Britt Allcroft Company) was a television production company and division by Lyrick Studios in the United Kingdom. They produced programs for children, including "Thomas and Friends".


The Eleventh Commandment (Ronald Reagan)

The Eleventh Commandment was a phrase used by President of the United States Ronald Reagan during his 1966 campaign for Governor of California. The Commandment reads: 

Reagan followed this "commandment" during the first five primaries during the 1976 Republican primary against incumbent Gerald Ford, all of which he lost.

Ignacio Zoco

Ignacio Zoco Esparza (31 July 1939 – 28 September 2015) was a Spanish footballer. He played as a defensive midfielder. He played 12 years of his professional career with Real Madrid, appearing in more than 400 official games and winning ten major titles.

Zoco played more than 20 times with Spain, representing the nation in one World Cup and one European Championship, winning the 1964 European Nations' Cup.

Zoco died in Madrid on 28 September 2015, after a long illness. He was 76 years old.

Pushback

In aviation, pushback is an airport procedure in which an aircraft is pushed backwards from an airport gate by external power. Pushbacks are carried out by special, vehicles called "pushback tractors" or "tugs".

Robin Hood Airport Doncaster Sheffield

Robin Hood Airport Doncaster Sheffield (IATA: DSA ICAO: EGCN) is an international airport. It is located at the old RAF Finningley station, in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster in South Yorkshire, England.


Frank Martinus Arion

Frank Martinus Arion (born Frank Efraim Martinus; 17 December 1936 – 28 September 2015) was a Curaçaoan author, poet, and linguist. He wrote over ten books in Dutch and Papiamento. His best known works were "Dubbelspel", "Afscheid van de koningin", "Nobele wilden", "De laatste vrijheid" and "De deserteurs". He also worked in Netherlands and Suriname. He was born in Curaçao.

Arion died on 28 September 2015 in Curaçao, aged 78.

Lincoln County, South Dakota

Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of South Dakota. As of the 2020 census, the population was 65,161. This makes it the third-most populated county in the state. Its county seat is Canton. 
The first resident of the area was A. I. Linderman in 1866. He was the only resident until the summer of 1867. Lincoln county was incorporated on December 30, 1867. The county was named for Abraham Lincoln, 16th President of the United States.

Kallen Pokkudan

Kallen Pokkudan (; 1937 – 27 September 2015), also known as Kandal Pokkudan, was an Indian environmental activist and writer. He was best known for helping to protect mangrove forests in Kerala from 1989 until his death. He also wrote several books even his basic literacy, including to autobiographies.

Pokkudan was born in Ezhom Moola, Idukkil Thara, Kannur. He had six children, three sons and three daughters.

Pokkudan died after an illness on 27 September 2015 in Cherukunnu, Kannur. He was 78.

Michael Burgess (singer)

Michael Burgess (July 22, 1945 – September 28, 2015) was an Canadian actor and singer (tenor). He was best known for his portrayal of Jean Valjean in the Toronto production of "Les Misérables". In 2013, he was made a Member of the Order of Ontario.

Burgess was born in Regina, Saskatchewan. He grew up in Toronto, Ontario. He studied at the University of Ottawa. He married fellow "Les Misérables" performer Susan Gilmour on October 8, 1994.

Burgess died from cancer on September 28, 2015 in Toronto, aged 70.

Silwan necropolis

Silwan necropolis (also called Kidron Valley necropolis) is a row of ancient Jewish burial caves in the Kidron Valley. The valley is between the City of David and the north-west slope of the Mount of Olives. The ancient caves face towards the City of David to the west under the houses of the Arab neighborhood of Silwan in East Jerusalem. The row of ancient burial sites ends at the Tomb of Pharaoh's daughter monument. It is the continuing of the Mount of Olives Jewish Cemetery from the south beside the Arab neighborhoods.


Kendall Gill

Kendall Gill is a retired American basketball player. He is now a basketball television analyst.

Gill was chosen in the 1990 NBA Draft by the Charlotte Hornets. He played in the NBA for 15 years.

Stacey Augmon

Stacey Augmon (born August 1, 1968) is a retired American basketball player. Augmon had the nickname "Plastic Man" due to his athletic ability to "stretch".

Augmon played college basketball for four years at UNLV. He won the 1990 NCAA Championship with them. Augmon was the first three-time winner of the NABC Defensive Player of the Year, winning the award in 1989, 1990, and 1991. He is a class of 2002 member of the UNLV Athletic Hall of Fame along with teammates Greg Anthony and Larry Johnson.

Augmon was drafted by the Atlanta Hawks in 1991. He played for the Hawks, the Detroit Pistons, the Portland Trail Blazers, the Charlotte Hornets, the New Orleans Hornets, and the Orlando Magic. He holds a scoring average of 8.0 points per game throughout his career.

20 Y.O.

20 Y.O. is the ninth studio album by American singer-songwriter Janet Jackson. It was released on September 20, 2006 by Virgin Records. The title refers to the twenty years since her third studio album, "Control" (1986). It had its twentieth anniversary rerelease in 2006. It was also her last album to be released by Virgin Records. She signed a new contract with Def Jam Recordings.

"20 Y.O." received mixed reviews by music critics.

Spirit (Leona Lewis album)

Spirit is the debut studio album by English singer Leona Lewis. It was released by Syco in November 2007 in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It was released everywhere else in early 2008.

"Spirit" received generally positive to mixed reviews.

2008 Detroit Lions season

The 2008 Detroit Lions season was the 79th football season of the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). It was their third year under head coach Rod Marinelli. In 2008, the Lions had one of the worst seasons of any major American pro sports team. They lost all 16 of their regular season games. They were the first NFL team to finish a season with no wins and 16 losses after their loss to the Green Bay Packers. They were the second team with no wins after the 1976 Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Matt Millen was fired during the bye week of the season and the rest of the staff were fired after the season was over.

In 2017, the Cleveland Browns became the second team to lose all 16 regular season games.

COLOR KEY AND NOTES:

Calvin Johnson

Calvin Johnson (born September 29, 1985) is an American football wide receiver who played for the Detroit Lions. His nickname is Megatron. He was drafted by the Lions in 2007. 

He was also on the winless 2008 Lions roster. Even though the Lions went 0-16, Johnson finished as one of the strongest wide receivers statistically for the season, fifth in receiving yards (1,331) and 7th in receiving yards per game (83.2), and leading the league in receiving touchdowns (12). 

At the end of 2015, Johnson retired.


Alphabet Inc.

Alphabet is an American company based in California. It holds Google and 12 other projects. The CEO is Sundar Pichai.

Alphabet was founded as a Google parent holding company on August 10, 2015. It included 9 businesses.

On December 3, 2019, the Google CEO Sundar Pichai became the Alphabet CEO too. 

That year the company was ranked #15 on the Fortune 500 list of global US corporations by revenue.

In 2020, Alphabet net income was $40,269 million.

On January 16, 2020, Alphabet reached a $1 trillion market value.

In October 2020, the United States Government Department of Justice filed a Anti-Trust Lawsuit against Alphabet Inc over Googles monopoly on Search.

Hellmuth Karasek

Hellmuth Karasek (4 January 1934 – 29 September 2015) was a German journalist, literary critic and novelist. He wrote over 25 books on literature and movies. He was well known for being on the panel of the show "Das Literarische Quartett", with Marcel Reich-Ranicki. In 1968, he became the theatre critic of "Die Zeit". From 1974 until 1996, he worked for "Der Spiegel". In 1999, he was a member of the jury at the 49th Berlin International Film Festival.

Karasek was born in Brünn, Czechoslovakia (now Brno, Czech Republic). He moved from Bielitz (now Poland) to Bernburg in 1944 during World War II. In the 1950s, he became a student at the University of Tübingen in Tübingen, Baden-Württemberg (then West Germany).

Karasek died on 29 September 2015 in Hamburg. He was 81.

Frankie Ford

Vincent Francis Guzzo, Jr. (August 4, 1939 – September 28, 2015), better known by his stage name Frankie Ford, was an American singer. He was best known for his 1959 hit "Sea Cruise". His main genres were rock and roll, rhythm and blues and pop. Ford was born in Gretna, Louisiana. He was adopted by Vincent and Anna Guzzo.

Ford died from natural causes after a long illness on September 28, 2015 in New Orleans, Louisiana. He was 76.

Think of the children

"Think of the children" (also "What about the children?") is a phrase that became a strategy used when you are in an argument with someone. Basically in its simplest use it can mean just children's rights, like for example talking about child labor problems. But when this phrase is used in the middle of an argument, it can be used to try to make people feel emotional when thinking about the needs of children, and then to try and fool people into doing what they want because they might be scared that they do not want to harm children.

The 2002 book "Art, Argument, and Advocacy" (2002) said that using this phrase replaced emotion instead of reason in the middle of an argument with someone. Ethicist Jack Marshall wrote in 2005 that the phrase is so popular because it can stop people from behaving rationally especially when they are talking about morals. "Think of the children" was used by censorship supporters to try to defend children from things they thought were dangerous to these young people. The book "Community, Space and Online Censorship" (2009) wrote that calling children just babies in need of protection was a form of focusing too much on the concept of purity. A 2011 article in the "Journal for Cultural Research" wrote that "Think of the children" was caused by people thinking too hard about telling everyone what to do and the difference between right-and-wrong.

"Think of the children" as a phrase was used in the 1964 Walt Disney Pictures film "Mary Poppins"; where Mrs. Banks pleaded with her departing nanny not to quit and to asked her to "Think of the children!". Its use was popularized through satire on the television program "The Simpsons", beginning in 1996. Character Helen Lovejoy pleaded: "Won't somebody please think of the children!" during loud arguments in the town of Springfield on the TV show.

Law professor Charles J. Ten Brink in the 2012 "Georgia State University Law Review" wrote that "The Simpsons" character Helen Lovejoy's use of "Think of the children" was a good form of parody. The phrase's use was made fun of a lot when people used it in politics. After it became popular on "The Simpsons", use of the phrase was called "Lovejoy's Law", the "Helen Lovejoy defence", the "Helen Lovejoy Syndrome", and "think-of-the-children-ism".


Húsavík

Húsavík is a town in northern Iceland. It has a population of 2,237 people. Most of the industry in the city comes from tourism and fishing. About 850 AD, a Swedish viking named Garðar Svavarsson arrived on the northern coast of Iceland. There he built a settlement and prepared to stay for the winter. When spring arrived he departed leaving two slaves behind. They made a farm there.


Lofsöngur

"Lofsöngur" (, meaning "Hymn") is the national anthem of Iceland. It was written for the celebration of the thousandth anniversary of the first Norse settlement of the Nordic country, though it had not been considered a national anthem for another forty years. It was adopted in 1944, when Iceland became a republic and wanted to end being in a personal union with Denmark. Previously, in 1874, the music of the hymn composed by Sveinbjörn Sveinbjörnsson, and the words to his music were written by Matthías Jochumsson.

Only the first stanza is regularly used as the national anthem.
This anthem has been criticized for being outdated and at times "unsingable." It's often thought to be difficult to sing due to having vocal range of high and low registers. Not only that, it has too many mentions to religion, despite the country becoming less religious. (As such, the national anthem of Iceland can be considered a religious hymn.) It has been suggested that the anthem be replaced with a more modern, less religious anthem.


Charles Gibson

Charles deWolf "Charlie" Gibson (born March 9, 1943) is a United States former broadcast television anchor and journalist. He was born in Evanston, Illinois. He grew up in Washington, D.C. He was a host of "Good Morning America" from 1987 to 1998, and 1999 to 2006. He was the anchor of "World News with Charles Gibson" from 2006 to 2009. In 2008 he was a moderator for the US presidential debates. He graduated in 1965 with a degree in history from Princeton University.

Regions of Iceland

The regions of Iceland are mainly used for statistical purposes. The district court jurisdictions use them. The postal code system follows the regions as well with a few exceptions. Before 2003 the regions were also used for elections to parliament.

These regions are not defined by law. They have no official standing or administrative function. They are used to divide Iceland for certain purposes.

The health care system in Iceland is divided into 7 health care districts. These are the same as the 8 regions of Iceland with one exception. The Northwestern region and the Northeastern region which are a single health care district. 

Bathory (band)

Bathory was an extreme metal band from Vällingby, Sweden. The band formed in 1983. Bathory broke up in 2004. The band's main songwriter was Quorthon. Bathory released 12 studio albums and 5 compilation albums. Bathory's first four albums were "the blueprint for Scandinavian black metal". The band first played black metal but moved on to viking metal in its later years.





Denise Lor

Denise Jeanne Horine (born Denise Jeanne Briault; May 3, 1929 – September 27, 2015), better known by her stage name Denise Lor, was an American actress and singer. She was born in Los Angeles. She moved to Long Island at age five. She was best known for being on the CBS series "The Garry Moore Show" for eight years in the 1950s and 1960s. She was also known for her song, "If I Give My Heart to You", which charted at #8 in September 1954. She appeared in over 100 stage productions, including "Gypsy", "Annie" and "Sweeney Todd".

Lor was married twice. She had two sons from her first, Ron and Denis Martin. She died in September 2015 at the age of 86.

Deaths in October 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in October 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



9½ Weeks

9½ Weeks is a 1986 American erotic romantic drama movie. It was directed by Adrian Lyne and it was produced by Mark Damon, Sidney Kimmel, Zalman King, and Antony Rufus-Isaacs. It was released on February 20, 1986. It is based on the Elizabeth McNeill memoir of the same name. The movie is about a New York City art gallery employee who has an affair with a Wall Street broker.
The movie got mixed and negative reviews from critics. 1,000 people attended a preview screening of the movie and everybody except 40 people walked out. 35 of the 40 people who filled out cards said that they really did not like it. It has a 64% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the movie gave the movie 3 and a half stars stars out of 4 and said that "A lot of the success of "9½ Weeks" is because Rourke and Basinger make the characters and their relationship convincing."

In terms of money, this movie did not earn much in the United States but it was successful in Europe.


Introducing Joss Stone

Introducing Joss Stone is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Joss Stone. It was released on 9 March 2007 by Virgin Records. The album peaked at number 12 on the UK Albums Chart. In the United States, it debuted at number two on the "Billboard" 200 chart.

"Introducing Joss Stone" received mixed to positive criticism from critics.


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Introducing Joss Stone".


David Ashby (speedway rider)

David Ashby (11 November 1949 – 16 September 2015) was a British motorcycle speedway rider. He rode for Swindon Robins between 1972 and 1978, making 151 appearances. He also rode with Peterborough Panthers and Milton Keynes Knights. He retired in 1979.

Ashby was born in Marlborough, Wiltshire. His brother was Martin Ashby. He had two sons, Lee and Jamie.

Ashby died from cancer on 16 September 2015 in Swindon, Wiltshire. He was 65.

Maternal insult

A maternal insult (also referred to as a "yo mama" joke) is a reference to a person's mother. This is through the use of phrases such as "your mother" or other variations, often used to insult the target by way of their mother. "Your mother" can be combined with most types of insults, although suggestions of promiscuity are common. One of the purposes of these insults is to incite violence. Slang variants such as "yo mama", "yo momma", "ur mom", "yer ma", "ya mum", "your mum", "ya mudda" or "your mom" are sometimes used, depending on the local dialect. 


When Joram saw Jehu, he said, "Is it peace, Jehu?"<br>
And he answered, "What peace, so long as the harlotries of your mother Jezebel and her witchcrafts are so many?"


"Painter": "Y'are a dog."<br>
"Apemantus": "Thy mother's of my generation. What's she, if I be a dog?"

" “...of your mother is by the one who has intercourse with her. What/who is it?<br>

(No answer)”

While it cannot be completely deciphered, it is clear some comment is being made about somebody's mother.



Origins of the blues

The origin of the blues. Little is known about the origin of the music known as the blues. No year can be cited as the origin, because the style evolved over a long period. Ethnomusicologist Gerhard Kubik traces the roots of many of its elements back to the African continent, the "cradle of the blues".

One early mention comes from 1901, when an archaeologist in Mississippi described the songs of black workers which had lyrical themes and technical elements in common with the blues.

There are few characteristics common to all blues. The genre takes its shape from the peculiarities of each individual performance. Some characteristics are common to most styles of African American music. The earliest blues-like music was a "functional expression, rendered in a call-and-response style without accompaniment or harmony and unbounded by the formality of any particular musical structure". This pre-blues music was adapted from the field shouts and hollers performed during slave times, expanded into "simple solo songs laden with emotional content".

Many of these blues elements, such as the call-and-response format, can be traced back to the music of Africa. When African slaves went to work in North America, they took musical traditions with them. Early forms of music include spirituals and work songs. Spirituals were religious songs and work songs were sung to the rhythm of working. Work songs included a vocal call and response, or where the lead drummer makes a beat and then the others respond to it.

The majority of blues songs have four beats in a bar, and are built on the 12 bar blues form which uses three phrases, each four bars long. They can also use the blue scale.

Mürwik

Mürwik (also: "Muerwik", Danish: "Mørvig") is a district of Flensburg. It is on the east side of the Flensburg Firth (estuary) on the peninsula of Angeln. It is well known for the Naval Academy Mürwik with its sail training ship Gorch Fock. It was where the last government of Nazi Germany, called the Flensburg government led by Karl Dönitz was located. It is also the location of the "Kraftfahrt-Bundesamt" (KBA), Germany's Federal Motor Transport Authority.

There are five communities in Mürwik: 

The highest elevation of the district is about above sea level. Mürwik also has some natural undeveloped areas, such as the nature reserve at Twedter field.

Mürwik was first mentioned in 1734. The Naval Academy Mürwik was opened 1 October 1910. At the start of World War I in August 1914, the academy was temporarily closed. The Germans thought the war would be short. It reopened in January 1915. Cadets spent three months training then would go to sea to train aboard cruisers. At the end of World War II, after Adolf Hitler committed suicide, Admiral Karl Dönitz set up the last Nazi government at Flensburg-Mürwik academy. A few days later Germany surrendered.

<br>

Mürwik Naval School

The Naval Academy Mürwik (German: "Marineschule Mürwik") is the training school for German Navy officers in Flensburg-Mürwik. The castle-like building overlooks the Flensburg Fjord. Called the "Red Castle", it is well known for its beautiful architecture. It was patterned after the Marienburg (Malbork Castle) in Poland, the seat of the Teutonic Knights.

The academy was opened 1 October 1910. At the start of World War I in August 1914, the academy was temporarily closed. The Germans thought the war would be short. It reopened in January 1915. Cadets would spend three months training then go to sea to train aboard cruisers. At the end of World War II, after Adolf Hitler committed suicide, Admiral Karl Dönitz set up the last Nazi government at Flensburg-Mürwik academy. A few days later Germany surrendered. 

Currently cadets spend a year at Flensburg-Mürwik academy before going on to study at the Führungsakademie der Bundeswehr in Hamburg or the Bundeswehr University Munich.

<br>

John Galvin (general)

John Rogers Galvin (May 13, 1929 – September 25, 2015) was an American army general. He served as the sixth dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. He was a member of the U.S. Commission on National Security/21st Century. He was born in Wakefield, Massachusetts.

Galvin died in Jonesboro, Georgia, aged 86.

Claude Dauphin (businessman)

Claude Dauphin (10 June, 1951 – September 30, 2015) was a French billionaire businessman, and executive chairman of Trafigura Beheer BV. He had served as Trafigura's chairman and CEO. In March 2013 his net wealth was estimated at $1 billion by "Forbes".

Dauphin died in the early hours of September 30, 2015 in a hospital in Bogota, Colombia from cancer, aged 64.

Kelly Gissendaner

Kelly Renee Gissendaner (March 8, 1968 – September 30, 2015) was an American woman who was executed by the state of Georgia. Gissendaner had been convicted of orchestrating the murder of her husband, Douglas Gissendaner, in 1997. At the time of the murder, Gissendaner was 28 and her husband was 30. After her conviction, and until her execution, Gissendaner was the only woman on death row in Georgia.

Ernest Moniz

Ernest Jeffrey Moniz GCIH (born December 22, 1944) is an American nuclear physicist. He was the United States Secretary of Energy, serving under U.S. President Barack Obama from May 2013 to January 2017.


Arrowhead Stadium

Arrowhead Stadium is a football stadium in Kansas City, Missouri. GEHA purchased stadium rights. It is home to the NFL's Kansas City Chiefs. It is the largest sports facility by capacity in the state of Missouri. A $375 million renovation was completed in 2010.

Lieutenant governor

A lieutenant governor, lieutenant-governor, or vice governor is a high officer of state, whose precise role and rank vary by jurisdiction, but is often the deputy or lieutenant to or ranking under a governor — a "second-in-command"

In the United States, lieutenant governors are usually second-in-command to a state governor, and the actual power held by the lieutenant governor varies greatly from state to state.

James D. Watkins

James David Watkins (March 7, 1927July 26, 2012) was an American politician. He was a United States Navy admiral and former Chief of Naval Operations.

He served as the U.S. Secretary of Energy during the George H. W. Bush administration, also chairing U.S. government commissions on HIV/AIDS and ocean policy. Watkins also served on the boards of various companies and other nongovernmental organizations and as the co-chair of the Joint Ocean Commission Initiative.

Watkins died of congestive heart failure on July 26, 2012 in Alexandria, Virginia at the age of 85.

Deadly Relations

Deadly Relations is a 1993 American television film directed by Bill Condon. It stars Robert Urich, Shelley Fabares and Gwyneth Paltrow. The film originally aired on ABC on May 22, 1993.

No Child of Mine

No Child of Mine is a February 1997 British documentary-drama and domestic violence television movie. It is about the true case of a 13-year-old girl named Kerry (played by Brooke Kinsella). Kerry was sexually abused and bullied at several times by her abusive mother, Linda (played by Sharon Small), and her father, Jim (played by Bill Geraghty).

Hurricane Joaquin

Hurricane Joaquin (wah-keen) was a strong tropical cyclone. It threatened the Bahamas and the East Coast of the United States.

Joaquin became the most powerful cyclone in the Atlantic in 2015. Hurricane Joaquin passed over the warmest ocean temperatures since record keeping began in 1880, of near 86°F (30°C).

The storm developed on September 28. It became Tropical Storm Joaquin on September 29, and a hurricane the day after.

The storm later threatened Bermuda.

Thirty-four people were killed in the storm, including 33 on the ship "El Faro".

The name "Joaquin" was retired. It was replaced with "Julian".

Hadi Norouzi

Hadi Norouzi (‎; 22 June 1985 – 1 October 2015) was an Iranian footballer. He played as a striker and winger. He was best known for playing for Persepolis, and became the club's captain two months before his death. He also had spells with clubs Pasargad Tehran, Fajr Sepah Tehran, Gahar Zagros and Naft Tehran. Norouzi was born in Babol, Mazandaran Province.

Norouzi died from a heart attack on 1 October 2015 in Tehran. He was 30.


Cape Fear (1962 movie)

Cape Fear is a 1962 American psychological thriller movie. It was directed by J. Lee Thompson and it was produced by Sy Bartlett. "Cape Fear" was released on April 12, 1962. It is adapted from the John D. MacDonald novel "The Executioners". The movie is about an attorney who along with his family is stalked by a vengeful criminal who he had helped send to jail for rape. A remake of the movie was made by Martin Scorsese and was released in 1991.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 95% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Bosley Crowther of the New York Times said that he liked the "tough, tight script" and the "steady and starkly sinister style" that the movie had to it. He finished his review by saying "this is really one of those shockers that provokes disgust and regret." Cady was ranked as #28 on the American Film Institute's list of top 50 movie villains of all time.


Pinto Colvig

Vance DeBar "Pinto" Colvig (September 11, 1892 - October 3, 1967) was an American actor, voice actor, newspaper cartoonist, circus performer, vaudeville performer, animator, and writer. He was best known as the original Bozo the Clown. He was the voice of Disney's Goofy. In 1993 he was honored with a Disney Legends award.

Colvig was born in 1892 in Jacksonville, Oregon. His parents were Addie and William Colvig. His father was the Jackson County attorney. He was the youngest of seven children. He was nicknamed "Pinto" because of all his freckles. Colvig grew up in Jacksonville and nearby Medford. He spend a good deal of time mimicking the sounds he heard all around him. He could mimic the sound of farm animals, a rusty gate and noises from around the village.

He studied art at Oregon Agricultural College (OAC) (later Oregon State University) in Corvallis, Oregon. in 1916 he married Margaret Slaven. They moved to San Francisco where Colvig worked as a cartoonist for the San Francisco Bulletin and the San Francisco Chronicle.

In the 1920s Colvig began working in Hollywood in silent movies. He was a comedy writer and played bit parts for Mack Sennett. He then moved to the Disney studios where he became one of their top artists.

When movies changed to sound he began doing voices for characters. He is also known for his Disney work as the voice of Goofy from 1932 until his death in 1967. He was the voice of Bluto in Popeye cartoons. He was Grumpy and Sleepy in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. In The Three Little Pigs he was the voice of the Practical Pig. He was also the co-writer of the song "Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?" in the same movie.

From the 1920s he provided sound effects on programs such as the Jack Benny Program and Amos 'n' Andy. He invented most of his own sound effects. He was known for making a funny line even funnier. Colvig is a legend among foley sound technicians.

As a teenager Colvig ran away to join the circus. He eventually performed as a circus clown. In 1946 he was hired by Capitol Records to work on the world's first read-along book “Bozo at the Circus.” The book and record were a tremendous success and there were demands by children to see Bozo. Drawing on his circus background, Colvig created a clown character to match the books and records. Station KTTV in Los Angeles created a television series for Bozo the clown starring Pinto Colvig. After Bozo, Colvig returned to doing voice work.

Colvig died of lung cancer on October 3, 1967, in Woodland Hills, California. He was 75 years old.

Cape Fear (1991 movie)

Cape Fear is a 1991 American psychological thriller movie. It was directed by Martin Scorsese and it was produced by Barbara De Fina. "Cape Fear" was released on November 13, 1991. It is adapted from the John D. MacDonald novel "The Executioners". It is a remake of the 1962 movie directed by J. Lee Thompson. The movie is about an attorney who is stalked along with his family by a vengeful criminal he had defended in court against rape charges, but was sent to jail for eight years.
The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 76% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the movie 3 out of 4 stars and said that he liked the "Cape Fear is impressive moviemaking, showing Scorsese as a master of a traditional Hollywood genre who is able to mold it to his own themes and obsessions. But as I look at this $35 million movie with big stars, special effects and production values, I wonder whether it represents a good omen from the finest director now at work."
At the 64th Academy Awards, Robert De Niro was nominated in the category of Best Actor and Juliette Lewis was nominated in the category of Best Supporting Actress but neither of them won. At the 49th Golden Globe Awards, De Niro was nominated for Best Actor – Drama and Lewis was nominated for Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture.


Edith Claire Bryce

Edith Claire Bryce (May 6, 1880 – February 28, 1960) was an American peace activist. She founded the Peace House.

Bryce was born on May 6, 1880. Her father was General Lloyd Stephens Bryce, the United States Ambassador to the Netherlands. Her mother was Edith Cooper Bryce, a Millionairess who died in 1916 leaving $ 3,000,000 to her family in her will. She married John Sergeant Cram. She founded Peace House, dedicated to the advancement of peace. She died on February 28, 1960. She was buried in Green-Wood Cemetery.


Bye (sports)

A bye in sports and other competitive activities can have two different meanings. Both mean that a participant in a competition is not required to compete while most of the other participants are. Its main use is in tournament competitions. In single-elimination tournaments, when there are an odd number of participants, a bye allows one or more to play in a later round. Other types of eliminator tournaments may also include a bye for others reasons. An example would be as a reward for the best ranked team(s).

In round-robin tournaments where there are an odd number of competitors, usually one gets a bye in each round. However, over the whole tournament, each team plays the same number of games.

Similar to the round-robin context, in leagues where most teams play on the same days during regular-season play, a team that does not play on a given day is said to be on bye. In sports that are played weekly, especially gridiron football, a team that does not play at all during a given week is said to be on its bye week. For example, during the regular football Season in the NFL, each team gets a week off (bye week) during the regular season.

Ten Thousand Fists

Ten Thousand Fists is the third studio album by Disturbed. Disturbed is an American heavy metal band. The album was released on September 20, 2005. It was the band's first album with John Moyer playing the bass guitar. This is because Steve Kmak left the band in 2003. The album was produced by John Karkazis. It was the band's third album produced by Karkazis.

The album was number one on the "Billboard" 200, an American music chart. It was Disturbed's second album to do this. In one week, over 200,000 copies of the album were sold. The album was certified platinum by the RIAA. The album also had a cover version of "Land of Confusion". This is a song by Genesis. The cover was number one on "Billboard"'s Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The album was made for Dimebag Darrell, a music maker that was killed before it was released.

Ptolemaic dynasty

The Ptolemaic dynasty, also known as the Lagids or Lagidae, was a Macedonian Greek royal family who ruled over Egypt. Their rule lasted for 275 years, from 305 BC to 30 BC. They were the last dynasty of ancient Egypt.

Ptolemy, was one of Alexander the Great's generals and deputies. He was appointed satrap of Egypt after Alexander's death in 323 BC. In 305 BC, he declared himself King Ptolemy I, later known as "Soter" (savior). The Egyptians soon accepted the Ptolemies as the successors to the pharaohs of independent Egypt. Unlike their previous rulers under the Achaemenid Empire, they usually lived in Egypt. Ptolemy's family ruled Egypt until the Roman conquest of 30 BC.

All the male rulers of the dynasty took the name Ptolemy. Ptolemaic queens, some of whom were the sisters of their husbands, were usually called Cleopatra, Arsinoe or Berenice. The most famous, was the last queen, Cleopatra VII. She was involved in the Roman political battles between Julius Caesar and Pompey, and later between Octavian and Mark Antony. Her death marked the end of Ptolemaic rule in Egypt.

Dates in brackets represent the ruling dates of the Ptolemaic pharaohs. They often ruled jointly with their wives, who were often also their sisters. Several queens exercised royal authority, but the most famous and successful was Cleopatra VII (51–30 BC), with her two brothers and her son as successive nominal co-rulers. Several systems exist for numbering the later rulers; the one used here is the one most widely used by modern scholars.



Members of the Ptolemaic dynasty were described as extremely obese. Their sculptures and coins show prominent eyes and swollen necks. Graves' disease within the family could explain the swollen necks and eye prominence (exophthalmos), although this is unlikely if they were simply obese.

Members of this dynasty likely suffered from a multi-organ fibrotic condition such as Erdheim–Chester disease or a familial multifocal fibrosclerosis. With this condition, then thyroiditis, obesity and ocular proptosis can all occur at the same time.



Hedjet

Hedjet is the name for the White Crown of Upper Egypt, used in Ancient Egypt. The crown was white and after Lower and Upper Egypt joined together, it was combined with the Deshret, the Red Crown of Lower Egypt. This Double Crown was called the Pschent. The symbol sometimes used for the Hedjet was the vulture goddess Nekhbet. This would be shown next to the head of the cobra goddess Wadjet, the Uraeus on the Pschent.

The white crown has a long history, going back into the Predynastic Period. This shows that kingship had been the base of Egyptian society for some time. The earliest image of the Hedjet was thought to have been in the Qustul in Nubia. New discoveries, particularly the excavation of Cemetery U and the tome U-j, dating to Naqada IIIA have shown that it appears earlier in Egypt.

Nekhbet, the protective goddess of Nekhebet (modern el Kab) near Hierakonpolis, was shown as a woman, sometimes with the head of a vulture, wearing the White Crown. The falcon god Horus of Hierakonpolis (Egyptian: Nekhen) was generally shown wearing a White Crown. The White Crown is on the Narmer Palette found at Hierakonpolis. It shows the king of the South wearing the "hedjet", triumphing over his northern enemies. The kings of the united Egypt saw themselves as successors of Horus. Vases from the reign of Khasekhemwy show the king as Horus wearing the White Crown.

As with the Deshret (Red Crown), no example of the White Crown has survived. It is unknown how it was made or what materials were used. It is possible it was made from felt or leather. The fact that no crown has ever been found, might suggest that the crown was passed from one ruler to the next, much as in present day monarchies.

Rose Livingston

Rose Livingston (circa 1885 - after 1937) was an American suffragist and former prostitute. She was known as the "Angel of Chinatown". She worked with prostitutes and victims of sexual slavery. 

In 1912 while trying to rescue a prostitute she was severely beaten.

In 1914 she participated in one of the Suffrage Hikes from Manhattan to Albany, New York.

In 1929, she was given a gold medal by the National Institute of Social Science.

In 1934 she was found living in poverty. A retirement fund was established for her.

In 1937 she was awarded a silver cup by Edith Claire Bryce (1880-1960) of the Peace House for her "deeds of courage without violence".

Joe Wark

Joe Wark (9 October 1947 – 1 October 2015) was a Scottish professional footballer. He spent all of his professional career with Motherwell. He made 464 appearances for the club in the Scottish Football League between 1968 and 1984. He was born in Glasgow.

Wark died after a long illness on 1 October 2015. He was 67.

Jacob Pressman

Jacob "Jack" Pressman (October 26, 1919 – October 1, 2015) was an American Conservative rabbi. He was the rabbi of Temple Beth Am in Los Angeles, California from 1950 to 1985. He was a co-founder of the American Jewish University in Bel Air. He also wrote a weekly column in "The Beverly Hills Courier" from 2004 to 2015.

Pressman was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was born to Jewish parents, Solomon and Dora Pressman. He was married to Marjorie. They had three children.

Pressman died on October 1, 2015 in Beverly Hills, California. He was 95.

Max Keeping

Winston Maxwell "Max" Keeping (April 1, 1942 – October 1, 2015) was a Canadian broadcaster and philanthropist. He was CJOH-DT vice-president of news and public affairs. CJOH-DT is the CTV station in Ottawa, Ontario. He was an anchor for the station from 1972 until his retirement in 2010.

Keeping was born in Grand Bank, Newfoundland. He died from cancer in Ottawa, aged 73.

Usnija Redžepova

Usnija Redžepova (; 4 February 1946 – 1 October 2015) was a Macedonian who belongend to the Romani people actress and singer. She appeared in the movies "Zenidba nosaca Samuela" (1973), "The Dervish and Death" (1974) and "Kostana" (1980). She was given a national pension from the Serbian government on 29 December 2011.

Redžepova was born in Skopje. She was of Romani people. She died from lung cancer in Belgrade, aged 69.

Ricky Talan

Rick "Ricky" Talan (3 November 1960 – 30 September 2015) was a Dutch footballer. He was striker. He played for the clubs AZ Alkmaar, Vitesse, Cercle Brugge and Haarlem between 1979 and 1988.

Talan was born in Katwijk, South Holland. His younger brother, Jeffrey Talan, was also a footballer.

Talan died from brain cancer on 30 September 2015 in Zevenaar, Gelderland. He was 54.

Saqqara Tablet

The Saqqara Tablet is stone from Ancient Egypt. On it is written a list of Egyptian pharaohs from the New Kingdom. It was found in a tomb at Saqqara in 1861. The tomb belonged to Tjenry (or Tjuneroy), an official of the pharaoh Ramesses II. He was a priest and "Overseer of Works on All Royal Monuments". The stone is now in the Egyptian Museum.

The list names 58 kings, from Anedjib and Qa'a in the First Dynasty to Ramesses II in the Nineteenth Dynasty. The list is in reverse chronological order. It leaves out names of "rulers from the Second Intermediate Period, the Hyksos, and those rulers... who had been close to the heretic Akhenaten".

Each name is surrounded by a border known as a cartouche). The stone is badly damaged, and only 47 names have survived. There are mistakes in the list. For example, it only mentions four kings of the Third Dynasty. The order is correct only for the kings of the Twelfth Dynasty. The only known photograph of the king list was published in 1865.

The names are listed in reverse chronological order from the upper right to the bottom left, as they were meant to be read.


Hovsta

Hovsta is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,785 people lived there.

Richard W. Mallary

Richard Walker Mallary (February 21, 1929 – September 27, 2011) was an American politician. He was as a U.S. Representative from Vermont representing Vermont's At-large congressional district from 1972 to 1975.

Mallary died of prostate cancer in Brookfield, Vermont, aged 82.

Coronel Suárez

Coronel Suárez is a town in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It is the head town of the Coronel Suárez Partido.

The Partido was created in 1882 and the city was founded in 1883. It was named after Manuel Isidoro Suárez, a colonel of Argentine army who fought in the Battle of Junín in 1824.

Eugene V. Debs

Eugene Victor "Gene" Debs (November 5, 1855 – October 20, 1926) was an American union leader, one of the founding members of the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW or the Wobblies), and a five times candidate of the Socialist Party of America for President of the United States. Through his presidential candidacies, as well as his work with labor movements, Debs eventually became one of the best-known socialists living in the United States. He earned about a million votes in one election while being in prison.

Debs was born on November 5, 1885 in Terre Haute, Indiana. He left school when he was 14 in order to work on scraping paint and grease off cars in the Vandalia Railroad on a 50 cent a day wage.

Holly Madison

Holly Sue Cullen (born December 23, 1979), the model is known mostly as Holly Madison, is an American television personality. She is best known for being one of Hugh Hefner's girlfriends on the reality television series "The Girls Next Door". She also had her own reality series, "Holly's World".

<br>

Ernest Deane

Ernest Cotton Deane (born 4 May 1887 and died 25 September 1915) was a medical officer of the British Indian Army. He was born in the city of Limerick, Ireland. He went to school in Dún Laoghaire (then called Kingstown) in County Dublin. Deane studied medicine at the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, graduating in 1909. He played rugby for Ireland in one match, against England in February 1909. However, his rugby career was cut short after he broke his leg soon after in a game against Oxford University.

Deane became a surgeon at the Adelaide Hospital, Dublin. He was then commissioned into the Royal Army Medical Corps in 1911. In 1913, he was posted to India and served in Burma. He was sent to Meerut at the start of the First World War. He went to France with the Garhwal Brigade of the Indian Expeditionary Force. They d in Marseilles in September 1914. He was then sent immediately to the Western Front. There he served first with the 20th Field Ambulance. Then he served as a medical officer of the 2nd Battalion, The Royal Leicestershire Regiment. His unit saw much active service. On 22 August 1915, he was awarded the Military Cross after running out under machine gun fire to rescue four men who had been wounded by artillery fire. A month later, his regiment participated in the Battle of Loos, and was almost entirely destroyed. He was shot dead after going to help some injured soldiers. His action earned him a mention in dispatches.

Doo-wop

Doo-wop is a genre of music that was developed in African-American communities in The USA. It started in the 1940s. Doo-wop achieved mainstream popularity in the 1950s and early 1960s. Built upon vocal harmony, doo-wop was one of the most mainstream, pop-oriented R&B styles of the time. Singer Bill Kenny (1914–1978) is often called the "Godfather of Doo-wop". He introduced the "top and bottom" format which featured a high tenor singing the lead and a bass singer reciting the lyrics in the middle of the song. Doo-wop features vocal group harmony, nonsense syllables, a simple beat, sometimes little or no instrumentation, and simple music and lyrics.

