The first record to use the syllables "doo-wop" was the 1955 hit "When You Dance" by the Turbans. The term "doo-wop" first appeared in print in 1961. During the late 1950s many Italian-American groups added to the doo-wop scene. The peak of doo-wop was in 1961. Doo-wop's influence continued in soul, pop, and rock groups of the 1960s. At various times in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, the genre has seen revivals. Doo-wop was a precursor to many of the afro-American musical styles seen today. An evolution of jazz and blues, doo-wop also influenced many of the major Rock and Roll groups that defined the later decades of the 20th century. Doo-wop is iconic for it’s swing-like beats and using the off-beat to keep time. Doo-wop laid the foundation for many musical innovations, for example, R&B.
It has had a revival recently as Meghan Trainor usually makes songs with in the genre.

Elder High School

Elder High School is a Catholic all-boys private high school in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA. The high school has been in existence for 90 years. It is a private high school within the Archdiocese of Cincinnati. This high school is known for its academic and athletic programs. It has a strong following of students, alumni and friends who support the school at sports events. They also support community events and fundraising for capital and operating budgets.

Guido Altarelli

Guido Altarelli (July 12, 1941 - September 30, 2015) was an Italian theoretical physicist. He was born in Rome, Italy. 

He held positions at New York University (1968–69), the Rockefeller University (New York, 1969–70), l' École Normale Supérieure in Paris (76-77, 81) and Boston University (85-86).



Lubomír Lipský

Lubomír Lipský (April 19, 1923 – October 2, 2015) was a Czech actor. He was known for his roles in "Four Murders Are Enough, Darling", "Grapes", and in "Six Bears and a Clown".

He was born in Pelhřimov. His brother was director Oldřich Lipský. He died in Prague, aged 92.

Eric Arturo Delvalle

Eric Arturo Delvalle Cohen-Henríquez (2 February 1937 – 2 October 2015) was a Panamanian politician and a member of the Republican Party. He served as the Vice President of Panama from 1984 until 28 September 1985. He then served as the President until 26 February 1988 under Manuel Noriega. He tried to overthrow Noriega but went into hiding and left the country.

Delvalle was born in Panama City. He was of Jewish ancestry. His uncle, Max Delvalle, was the first Jewish president in Latin America. He was married to Mariela Delvalle.

Delvalle died on 2 October 2015 in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. He was 78.

Compurgation

Compurgation was an ancient type of defence in a legal trial. An accused person could call a number of people, usually twelve. They swore to their belief in his or her innocence.

In England, it was abolished in common law by the "Constitutions of Clarendon" of Henry II in 1164. The defence was still permitted in civil actions for debt. Eventually, it was entirely abolished in England in 1833.

Javid Iqbal

Justice Javed Iqbal (Urdu: ‎ 5 October 1924 – 3 October 2015) was a Pakistani philosopher and senior justice of Supreme Court of Pakistan. He was internationally known for his publications on philosophy of law and modern Islamic philosophy.

Javed began his career as an advocate in Lahore High Court, and later became a judge in 1971 and then Chief Justice of the court. He was also a judge in the Supreme Court of Pakistan

Iqbal died while under treatment for cancer at the Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital in Lahore, aged 90.

Tyrus Wong

Tyrus Wong (; October 25, 1910 – December 30, 2016) was a Chinese-born American artist. 

He was a painter, muralist, ceramicist, lithographer, designer and kite maker. Wong has worked for Disney and Warner Brothers. Wong's most famous work was for the Disney animated classic, "Bambi".


Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation

The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation is the head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 

The director is responsible for the day-to-day operations. Along with the deputy director, the director makes sure cases and operations are handled correctly. The director also is in charge of hiring the leaders in any one of the FBI field offices with qualified agents. The director advised the president on any issues that arose from within the FBI. This was until the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 was enacted in response to the September 11 attacks. Since then, the director reports to the Director of National Intelligence, who in turn reports to the president.

Directors are appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed by the Senate. In theory, they serve ten-year terms unless they resign, die, or are let go. In reality, none have served a full ten years, except J. Edgar Hoover and Robert Mueller. They both served longer than ten years. J. Edgar Hoover was appointed by Calvin Coolidge to the office in 1924. He was by far the longest-serving director. Hoover held the position from its establishment under the current title in 1935 until his death in 1972 because there was then no law limiting service time. In response to Hoover's lengthy tenure, Congress imposed a term limit of ten years (waived by the Senate for Robert Mueller on July 27, 2011). The current FBI director is Christopher A. Wray, who assumed his position on August 2, 2017.

When the Bureau of Investigation (BOI) was established in 1908, its head was called the Chief of the Bureau of Investigation. It was changed to the Director of the Bureau of Investigation since the term of William J. Flynn (1919–1921), and to its current name when the BOI was renamed FBI in 1935.

Mabel Boll

Mabel Boll (December 1, 1893 – April 11, 1949) was an American socialite. In 1927 she planned, with Charles A. Levine, to be the first woman to fly across the Atlantic Ocean as a passenger. She was known as the "Queen of Diamonds" as the owner of the 46.57-carat emerald-cut Mabel Boll diamond.

Boll was born on December 1, 1893 in Rochester, New York. 

In 1927, Boll planned, with Charles A. Levine, to be the first woman to fly across the Atlantic Ocean as a passenger.

Boll died of a stroke at the Manhattan State Hospital, the psychiatric hospital on Wards Island on April 11, 1949 at the age of 55.

Co-education

Co-education is the education of males and females in the same schools. The practice has been different in different countries and at different times.

Most primary schools have been co-educational for a long time since it was believed that there is no reason to educate females separately from males before the age of puberty. Also, the curriculum in primary schools is not controversial since it emphasizes reading, writing, and arithmetic, with some elementary knowledge of geography and history. In some countries, it includes some religious and cultural education.

However, before the mid-19th century, girls were often educated at home or not educated at all. On that point, there were great differences in different parts of the world. In England and Wales, universal primary education was set up by the Elementary Education Act of 1870, and attendance from the ages of 5 to 10 was compulsory. That was extended in another Act of 1880. Since then. almost all primary education in the United Kingdom has been co-educational, as it is in many other countries.

With secondary education, children go through the process of puberty, and there is no general agreement as to whether both sexes should be educated together. People make arguments both for and against the idea. At one extreme is the United States in which both sexes are usually educated together at all stages. At the other extreme are certain traditional societies in which girls do not get a secondary education at all. The tendency has been for more countries to move to co-education as the standard at every level of education. An exception would be the Islamic world, where girls are educated separately from boys or even not educated at all.

The world's oldest co-educational school may be Archbishop Tenison's Church of England High School, Croydon. It was established in 1714 in what in Surrey but is now in South London. It has admitted both boys and girls since its opening. It has always been a day school only and is thought that to be the oldest surviving mixed-sex school in the world.


Colour Me Free!

Colour Me Free! is the fourth studio album by English singer-songwriter Joss Stone, released on 20 October 2009 by Virgin Records. The album was originally scheduled to be released in April 2009. However, Stone's label, EMI, delayed it to July and again to 20 October.


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Colour Me Free!"


The Temple Institute

The Temple Institute ( – "") is a museum, research institute and education center in Old City of Jerusalem. It was established in 1987 by Rabbi Yisrael Ariel. The institute is dedicated to the two Temples in Jerusalem (called the First and Second Temples). Rabbi Ariel plans to rebuild the Second Temple on the man-made plateau the Jews call the Temple Mount. The site is currently occupied by an Islamic shrine, the Dome of the Rock. The institute has collected tens of thousands of dollars, mostly from Jews in the United States. This is in spite of the fact that rebuilding the temple of Herod, destroyed by the Romans in 79 AD, would almost certainly cause a major war. In 2014, the government of Jordan sent a letter to the State of Israel warning them to guard against any attacks by extremist groups against the Temple Mount.


Bathory

The word Bathory may refer to:


Nordland I

Nordland I is the eleventh studio album by the Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It was released on 18 November 2002 through Black Mark Productions The album is mainly viking metal, so the songs have lyrics about Norse mythology. The album was the first in a two-album set, and no plans for Nordland III ever existed.


Blood Fire Death

Blood Fire Death is the fourth studio album by the Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It was released on 8 October 1988, through the music label of Under One Flag. The album is mainly black metal, but it is sometimes called the first viking metal album. In 2009, IGN included "Blood Fire Death" in their "10 Great Black Metal Albums" list.


Quorthon

Tomas "Ace" Börje Forsberg (often called Quorthon;born on 17 February 1966 in Sweden) was a Swedish musician. He was the founder and songwriter for the extreme metal band Bathory. Bathory was known for laying out the groundwork for black metal and later viking metal. Quorthon was a multi-instrumentalist. He wrote all the music and lyrics for Bathory, and on some albums he played all the instruments (guitar, bass, drums, etc.). He also made solo albums. Quorthon died around 3 June 2004 in Stockholm, Sweden. He died of heart failure.


Black Magic (Little Mix song)

"Black Magic" is a dance pop song by the girl group Little Mix. The song is of using magic to promote love. It was released as the lead single from their third studio album "Get Weird".

The song has many versions. One of them is four minutes long.

Upon its release, "Black Magic" was liked by music critics. The song was influenced by 1980s music. On the UK Singles Chart, the song reached #1. It also reached the Top 10 in some other countries. However, the song only reached #68 on "Billboard" Hot 100.

Diodorus Siculus

Diodorus Siculus or Diodorus of Sicily was a Greek historian. He is known for writing the universal history "Bibliotheca historica", much of which survives, between 60 and 30 BC. It is arranged in three parts. The first part covers mythic history up to the destruction of Troy. It is arranged geographically, describing regions around the world including Egypt, India, Arabia, Greece and Europe. The second part covers the Trojan War to the death of Alexander the Great. The third part covers the period to about 60 BC. The title Bibliotheca, meaning 'library', shows that he was using the work of many other authors.

Diodorus wrote that he was born at Agyrium in Sicily (now called Agira). There is only two other references to Diodorus. One is by Jerome, in his "Chronicon" from 49 BC, who wrote that "Diodorus of Sicily, a writer of Greek history, became illustrious". There is also a Greek inscription in the collection of the Agyrium (Inscriptiones Graecae XIV, 588) about the tombstone of one "Diodorus, the son of Apollonius". (This may be a different person).

Diodorus' book, which he called "Bibliotheca historica" meaning "Historical Library", consisted of 40 books. Books 1–5 and 11–20 survive. Small sections of the lost books are preserved in Photius and the excerpts of Constantine Porphyrogenitus.

It was divided into three sections. The first six books treated the mythic history of the non-Hellenic and Hellenic tribes to the destruction of Troy and are geographical in theme, and describe the history and culture of Ancient Egypt (book I), of Mesopotamia, India, Scythia, and Arabia (II), of North Africa (III), and of Greece and Europe (IV–VI).

In the next section (books VII–XVII), he tells the history of the world from the Trojan War down to the death of Alexander the Great. The last section (books XVII to the end) concerns the historical events from the successors of Alexander down to either 60 BC or the beginning of Julius Caesar's Gallic Wars. As the last books have been lost, it is not known if Diodorus reached the beginning of the Gallic War as he promised at the beginning of his work or, as evidence suggests, old and tired from his labours he stopped at 60 BC.) He used the name "Bibliotheca" to show that he was writing a work from many sources. Identified authors on whose works he drew include Hecataeus of Abdera, Ctesias of Cnidus, Ephorus, Theopompus, Hieronymus of Cardia, Duris of Samos, Diyllus, Philistus, Timaeus, Polybius, and Posidonius.

His writing of gold mining in Nubia in eastern Egypt is one of the earliest texts on the topic, and describes in vivid detail the use of slave labour in terrible working conditions.

He also described the Celts:
"Physically the Celts are terrifying in appearance with deep-sounding and very harsh voices. In conversation they use few words and speak in riddles, for the most part hinting at things and leaving a great deal to be understood. They frequently exaggerate with the aim of extolling themselves and diminishing the status of others. They are boasters and threateners, and given to bombastic self-dramatization, and yet they are quick of mind and with good natural ability for learning." (Book 5)



Multi-party system

A multi-party system is a system where multiple political parties take part in national elections. Each party has its own views. A lot of countries that use this system have a coalition government, meaning many parties are in control, and they all work together to make laws. Good examples of countries that have this system include Brazil, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Mexico, The Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Pakistan, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Taiwan, Philippines, and South Korea. There is no limit to the number of parties that can take part in a British election, but the government must command a majority in the House of Commons, and is usually formed from one party.

List of political parties in Iceland

This article is a list of political parties in Iceland.

These are the parties that are not in the Althing and have no political power.




Reykjanesbær

Reykjanesbær is a municipality in south western Iceland. It is made up of the towns Keflavík, Njarðvík, the village of Hafnir and Ásbrú. The municipality was created in 1995. Reykjanesbær is the fifth largest municipality in Iceland. It has a population of 14,527 people.


Thinis

Thinis or This (Egyptian: Tjenu) was the capital city of the first dynasties of ancient Egypt. The actual site of Thinis has not yet been discovered. Ancient writers, such as Manetho, said it was the centre of the Thinite Confederacy. Their leader Menes (or Narmer), united Egypt and was its first pharaoh. In the Third Dynasty the capital was moved to Memphis. This meant that Thinis was no longer important. It still played a role in administration becauset was close to border of the competing Heracleopolitan and Theban dynasties of the First Intermediate Period. It was also near oases of military importance, during the Old and New Kingdoms. Thinis lost its position as a regional administrative centre by the Roman period.

Due to its ancient heritage, Thinis remained a significant religious centre. It was the home to the tomb and mummy of the local god. In ancient Egyptian religious cosmology, as seen (for example) in the "Book of the Dead", Thinis played a role as a mythical place in heaven.

The exact site of Thinis is unknown. Historians believe its was near ancient Abydos and modern Girga.


Khayu

Khayu is a king from the Early Dynastic Period who ruled in Lower Egypt. The only mention of his name is on the Palermo Stone. there are no other records of Khayu. He could be a mythical king preserved through ancient stories, or may even be completely fictitious.

Božo Bakota

Božo Bakota (5 October 1950 – 1 October 2015) was a Croatian footballer. He played as a forward and midfielder professionally between 1971 and 1986. He played for NK Zagreb and SK Sturm Graz. He also played for the Yugoslavia national team in 1978. He was born in Zagreb.

Bakota died on 1 October 2015 in Graz, Austria. He was 64.

Cartouche

A cartouche is a hieroglyphic symbol of an ancient Egyptian pharaoh. It is oval with a horizontal line at one end, showing that the text enclosed is a royal name.

It starts to be used at the beginning of the Fourth Dynasty under Pharaoh Sneferu. The cartouche is usually vertical with a horizontal line, but it is horizontal if it makes the name fit better, with a vertical line on the left. The Ancient Egyptian word for it was "shenu". In demotic writing, the cartouche was reduced to a pair of brackets and a vertical line.

Of the five royal titles it was the "prenomen", the throne name, and the "Son of Ra" titulary, the so-called "nomen" name given at birth, which were enclosed by a cartouche.

At times amulets were given the form of a cartouche displaying the name of a king and placed in tombs. Such items are often important to archaeologists for dating the tomb and its contents. Cartouches were only worn by pharaohs.

Amarna period

The Amarna period was an era of Ancient Egypt in the last half of the Eighteenth dynasty.

The royal residence of the pharaoh and his queen was shifted to Akhetaten ('Horizon of the Aten') in what is now Amarna. It was marked by the reign of Amenhotep IV, who changed his name to Akhenaten (1353–1336 BC). This was to underline the dramatic change of Egypt's polytheistic religion into one where the sun disc Aten was worshipped over all other gods. Aten was not solely worshipped (the religion was not monotheistic), but other gods were worshipped to a significantly lesser degree. The Egyptian pantheon of the equality of all gods and goddesses was restored under Akhenaten's successor.

During Akhenaten's reign, royal portraiture changed. Sculptures of Akhenaten are different from those of earlier pharaohs. Akhenaten is shown in an androgynous (less manly) and stylized manner, with large thighs, a slim torso, drooping belly, full lips, and a long neck and nose. Some believe that the break with convention was due to "the presence at Amarna of new people or groups of artists whose background and training were different from those of the Karnak sculptors".

The events following Akhenaten's death are unclear and the identity and policies of his co-regent and immediate successor Smenkhkare are unclear.

Tutankhamun died before he was twenty years old, and the dynasty's final years clearly were shaky. The royal line of the dynasty died out with Tutankhamun. Two fetuses found buried in his tomb may have been his twin daughters who would have continued the royal lineage, according to a 2008 investigation.

The last two members of the eighteenth dynasty – Ay and Horemheb – became rulers from the ranks of officials in the royal court. Ay may have married the widow of Tutankhamun in order to get power and she did not live long afterward. Ay's reign was short. His successor was Horemheb, a general in the Egyptian army, who had been a diplomat in the administration of Tutankhamun. He may have been named as a successor by the childless Tutankhamun. Horemheb may have taken the throne away from Ay in a coup. He also died childless and appointed his successor, Paramessu who, under the name Ramesses I, ascended the throne in 1292 BC. He was the first pharaoh of the Nineteenth dynasty.

Kirsten Holmstedt

Kirsten A. Holmstedt is an American author and journalist. She has written for newspapers, magazines and business publications. Holmstead is the author of two books on women in the military.

She was born and grew up in Mystic, Connecticut, USA. In 1985 she earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in journalism from Drake University. In 2006, she earned a Master of Fine Arts degree in creative non-fiction from the University of North Carolina at Wilmington.

Besides two books on women and the military, she has written other articles on military issues. She left her job as a public information officer for Coastal Carolina Community College in Jacksonville, North Carolina to be a freelance writer.




Donna Shalala

Donna Edna Shalala ( ; born February 14, 1941) is an American politician. She was the United States representative of Florida's 27th congressional district from January 3, 2019 to January 3, 2021.

She served as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services under President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 2001. She was the president of the University of Miami, a private university in Coral Gables, Florida, from 2001 through 2015.

In August 2018, she became the Democratic nominee for Florida's 27th Congressional District. She won the general election on November 6, 2018. She lost her re-election in 2020 to Republican Maria Elvira Salazar.


J. Whyatt Mondesire

J. Whyatt Mondesire (October 10, 1949 – October 4, 2015) was an American journalist and civil rights activist. He was a reporter at "The Philadelphia Inquirer" during the early career. He now owns the "Philadelphia Sun" newspaper. He was president of the Philadelphia branch of the NAACP for over ten years.

Mondesire died in Philadelphia from a brain aneurysm, aged 65.


Rusty Staub

Daniel Joseph "Rusty" Staub (April 1, 1944 – March 29, 2018) was an American Major League Baseball right fielder, designated hitter, and first baseman and philanthropist. He has a 23-year baseball career with 5 different teams. He was an original member of the Montreal Expos.

Staub also played for the Houston Colt .45s, the New York Mets, the Detroit Tigers and the New York Yankees.

On April 4, 1986, Staub established the Rusty Staub Foundation to provide educational scholarships for youth and fight hunger.

In 1986, Staub founded the New York Police and Fire Widows' and Children's Benefit Fund, which supports the families of New York City police officers, firefighters, Port Authority police, and emergency medical personnel who were killed in the line of duty. 

In July 2006, Staub teamed with Mascot Books to publish his first children's book, "Hello, Mr. Met".

Staub died on March 29, 2018 of multiple organ failure complicated by respiratory tract infection-related pneumonia in West Palm Beach, Florida at the age of 73.

Whitney Houston (album)

Whitney Houston is the self titled debut album of American recording artist Whitney Houston, released February 14, 1985 on Arista Records.

"Whitney Houston" received positive reviews.



LP1 (Joss Stone album)

LP1 is the fifth studio album by English singer-songwriter Joss Stone. It was released on 21 July 2011 on Stone's own label, Stone'd Records, after she had left her label EMI in 2010.

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "LP1".


Betty Williams (peace activist)

Betty Williams (22 May 1943 – 17 March 2020) was a Northern Irish peace activist. She was born in Belfast. She started the organization "Community of Peace People", who worked toward getting peace in Northern Ireland. In 1976, she was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, together with Mairead Corrigan, who also co-founded the organization.

Williams died on 17 March 2020 in Belfast at the age of 76.


Edward Sims Van Zile

Edward Sims Van Zile (May 2, 1863 - May 29, 1931) was an American writer. He published fiction, non-fiction, biographies, a commentary on war, and a history of the early days of movies. In 1904, in an essay about him, "Book News Biographies" said "for the past ten years Mr. Van Zile has been known to the reading public through many short stories, novelettes and a few novels".

He was born on May 2, 1863 in Troy, New York to Oscar Edward Van Zile and Sarah Melinda Perry. He was a descendant of Hollanders who came to America in the 17th century. As a boy he read everything he could on every subject. He graduated from Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut in 1884. In 1904 the college gave him the honorary degree of Doctor of Letters. In addition to several books and articles, he wrote a libretto for a musical comedy.

In 1887 he married Mary Bulkeley. They had a daughter, Winifred Van Zile (1902-1902). He died on May 29, 1931 of a stroke at his home at 439 East Fifty-first Street in Manhattan, New York City. He was buried in Cedar Hill Cemetery in Hartford, Connecticut.

By 1876, baseball scores were telegraphed, inning by inning, to newspaper offices. Fans who did not want to wait for the newspaper coverage of away games waited at newspaper offices. Some newspapers put up blackboards trying to show the progress of a game as they received the telegraphs.
In 1888, Van Zile was working as an editorial writer at the New York World. He found himself doodling an idea on a notepad. He was, subconsciously he later said, working out a diagram of a baseball diamond. On it he showed pegs indicating the positions of players and other information. Edwin Grozier, at the time Private Secretary to Joseph Pulitzer, looking over his shoulder said "Van Zile, you get that idea patented, and I'll give you $250 for your interest in it." He had come up with what he called a "Bulletin Board and Base Ball Indicator." He filed for a patent in 1888 and it was issued in 1889. It was a major breakthrough in showing the progress of baseball games. The World newspaper placed a large version of it outside their offices for that year’s baseball championship series. It was a tremendous hit. Crowds of up to 6,000 watched to get a play-by-play view of the games.




Second Dynasty of Egypt

The Second Dynasty ruled ancient Egypt from c. 2890 to c. 2686 BC It is the second dynasty of the Early Dynastic Period of Egypt. During this time the seat of government was centred at Thinis. Very little is known about this period in ancient Egyptian history.

There is very little archaeological evidence of the time. But to compare the differences between the First and Third Dynasties shows that there must have important institutional and economic developments during the Second Dynasty.

The names of the rulers of the Second Dynasty is not known exactly. Most sources agree on the names of the first pharaohs. These are:
The names of the next two or three rulers is unclear. We may have both the Horus-name or "Nebty" (meaning "two ladies") name "and" their birth names for these rulers, however they may be entirely different individuals; or they may be legendary names. On the left are the rulers most Egyptologists place here; on the right are the names from Manetho's "Aegyptica":
With the last ruler, we return to an agreement:
Manetho wrote that the capital was at Thinis, the same as during the First Dynasty. However, at least the first three kings were buried at Saqqara. This could mean the center of power had moved to Memphis. Beyond this, little can be said about the events during this period. The annual records on the Palermo Stone only survive for the end of the reign of Nebra and for parts of Nynetjer's. One important event possibly happened during the reign of Khasekhemwy: many Egyptologists read his name ("the Two Powers arise") as commemorating the union of the Upper and Lower Egypts.

Emilia Clarke

Emilia Clarke (born 23 October 1986) is an English actress. She played Sarah Connor in "Terminator Genisys" and Holly Golightly in the stage play for "Breakfast at Tiffany's". In the Home Box Office television series, "Game of Thrones", she played Daenerys Targaryen. Clarke was nominated twice for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2013 and in 2015. Clarke was born in London.

Water for Your Soul

Water for Your Soul is the seventh studio album by English singer-songwriter Joss Stone. It was released on 31 July 2015 by her own label, Stone'd Records.

"Water for Your Soul" received mixed to positive reviews from music critics.


Control (Janet Jackson album)

Control is the third studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. It was released on February 4, 1986, by A&M Records. It was her first album after she had fired her father, Joseph Jackson as her manager. Since the album's release it has been certified platinum. It is one of her most known albums. It has sold over 14 million copies worldwide.

"Control" received positive reviews from music critics.

Janet Remixed

Janet Remixed is the second remix album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. Released on March 13, 1995 by Virgin.



Hereditary haemochromatosis

Hereditary haemochromatosis is a disease caused by a genetic disorder in which a person accumulates a dangerous level of iron in a body.

Humans, cannot quickly expel extra iron. Therefore extra iron accumulates in tissues and organs and harms the bodies normal function.

The hereditary form of the disease is most common among those of Northern European ancestry, in particular those of Celtic descent. The disease is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. Most often, the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.

The Soul Sessions

The Soul Sessions is the debut studio album by English singer-songwriter Joss Stone. It was released on 16 September 2003 by S-Curve Records and EMI/Virgin Records.

When "The Soul Sessions" was released on 16 September 2003. At the time Stone was just 16 years old. The album took four days to record. The songs on the album are cover versions of classic soul songs.

"The Soul Sessions" received positive reviews from music critics.

Vyasa

Vyasa (, , literally “Compiler”) is an important figure in most Hindu traditions. He is sometimes called Veda Vyāsa (वेदव्यास, "veda-vyāsa", "the one who classified the Vedas") or Krishna Dvaipāyana (referring to his complexion and birthplace). He is the author of the "Mahabharata". He is also a character in it. He is considered to be the scribe of both the Vedas and Puranas. According to Hindu beliefs, Vyasa is an avatar of the god Vishnu. Vyasa is also considered to be one of the seven Chiranjivins (long lived, or immortals), who are still in existence according to Hindu belief.

Vyasa born in Nepal lived around the 3rd millennium BCE. The festival of "Guru Purnima" is dedicated to him. It is also known as "Vyasa Purnima", for it is the day believed to be both his birthday and the day he divided the Vedas.

Vyasa appears for the first time as the compiler of, and an important character in, the "Mahabharata". It is said that he was the expansion of the god Vishnu who came in Dwaparayuga to make all the Vedic knowledge available in writing which was available in only in spoken form at that time. He was the son of Satyavati, daughter of the fisherman Dusharaj, and the wandering sage Parashara. He is credited with being the author of the first Purana, Vishnu Purana). Vyasa was born on an island in the Yamuna river. There are two different views regarding the place of his birth. One of the views suggests that he was born in the Tanahun district in western Nepal. Another view suggests that he was born on Island in Yamuna river near Kalpi, Uttar Pradesh, India. Vyasa had a dark complexion and may be called by the name "Krishna" (black), and also the name "Dwaipayana", meaning 'island-born'.

The Best of Joss Stone 2003–2009

The Best of Joss Stone 2003–2009 is the first greatest hits album by English recording artist Joss Stone, released on 23 September 2011 by Virgin and EMI. The album was going to be called "Super Duper Hits: The Best of Joss Stone",

"The Best of Joss Stone 2003-2009" is filled with songs from all of Stone's albums that she released with Virgin and EMI, the album was released without Stone's permission, to which she commented to in an interview about how she didn't like the original title that the album would have been called.

The Soul Sessions Vol. 2

The Soul Sessions Vol. 2 is the sixth studio album by English singer-songwriter Joss Stone, released on 20 July 2012 by S-Curve Records and her own label, Stone'd Records.

Like her debut album "The Soul Sessions" (2003) where the songs were covers of classic soul songs, "The Soul Sessions Vol. 2"s songs are covers of soul and R&B songs that were originally made during the 1970s.

"The Soul Sessions Vol. 2" received positive reviews from music critics.

Jos Vandeloo

Josephus Albertus "Jos" Vandeloo (Zonhoven, 5 September 1925 - 5 October 2015) was a Belgian writer and poet. His career began in the 1950s. He became well known with the stories "De muur" (E: The wall) en "Het gevaar" (E: The danger).


José Eduardo Dutra

José Eduardo Dutra (11 April 1957 – 4 October 2015) was a Brazilian businessman and politician. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. He joined Petrobras in 1983, and served as CEO from 2003 to 2005. He returned to the company in 2012, after a two year stint as the president of the Workers' Party. He was elected to the Federal Senate in 1994 and served until his death in 2015.

Dutra died of cancer in Belo Horizonte, aged 58.

Will H. Hays

William Harrison Hays, Sr. (November 5, 1879 – March 7, 1954) was chairman of the Republican National Committee from 1918 to 1921. He was United States Postmaster General from 1921 to 1922. He is best known for the Hays Code for censorship of American movies. He was born in Sullivan, Indiana.

He was the manager of Warren G. Harding's successful campaign for the Presidency of the United States in 1920. He was then named Postmaster General. While serving in the Harding Administration, he became somewhat involved in the Teapot Dome scandal. This was because of some illegal donations.

Hays gave up his cabinet position on January 14, 1922. He become President of the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), when it first began. This group now handles the well-known voluntary film rating system. He began his new job, at a $35,360 () annual salary, on March 6 of that year. There was talk that he would be paid between $100,000 and $150,000 a year.

The goal of the group was to rescue the image of the movie industry because of a scandal at that time. An actress, Virginia Rappe, had been raped and murdered. A well-known movie star, Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle was accused. Religious groups were angry and demanded federal censorship of the movies. Hiring Hays to "clean up the moving pictures" was a public relations tactic. Much was said about his conservative ways. These included his being a Presbyterian deacon and the past chairman of the Republican Party.

In his new role in Hollywood, Hays' main task was to stop American state censor boards from banning movies that were too dirty to be shown. He also had to keep costs down for the movie studios for changes made to give a movie an acceptable rating. At that time, the movie studios were required by state laws to pay the censor boards for each foot of movie that was cut out. Studios also had the expense of making different versions of each censored movie for each state's different ruling.

Hays tried to reduce studio costs by telling studios how to make movies that would be safe enough not to have to be cut or changed. Each board kept its "standards" secret. Hays had to try to guess what would or would not be allowed by each board. He made a set of guidelines he called "The Don'ts and Be Carefuls". In general he was not successful in quieting demands for federal censorship.

Catholic bishops and non-church people were suspicious of federal censorship. They preferred the Hays approach of self-censorship. For several months in 1929, a group of Catholic leaders tried to come up with a new stricter code of behavior for the movies. A church Father wrote the legal code. This later became known as "The Hays Code". It was shown to Will Hays in 1930. He said, "My eyes nearly popped out when I read it. This was the very thing I had been looking for".

From 1930 to 1934, the Production Code was only somewhat helpful in fighting off calls for federal censorship. Things came to a head in 1934, with widespread threats of Catholic boycotts of immoral movies. The studios gave the MPAA full authority to enforce the Production Code on all studios. These strict rules of self-censorship lasted for decades. (The Code was finally set aside in the 1960s when the MPAA adopted the age-based rating system now in force.)

Also in 1934, Hays made a list of 117 names of actors and actresses whose personal lives he thought made them unfit to appear in movies.

Many European nations had quotas to make more of their own movies instead of Hollywood imports. A big success of Hays was his ability to work with the U.S. State Department and the U.S. Department of Commerce, to keep Hollywood on top of overseas movie markets.

After his retirement, Will H. Hays returned to Sullivan, Indiana, where he died on March 7, 1954. His widow died in 1960.



Kevin Owens

Kevin Yanick Steen (born May 7, 1984) is an Canadian professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for the WWE, where he works on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Kevin Owens. In WWE, he won the NXT and the Universal Championships once each, the Intercontinental Championship twice, the United States Championship three times, and the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Championship (the Raw and SmackDown Tag Team Championships) once with Sami Zayn. Owens is the 23rd overall Grand Slam Champion.

Steen was also known for competing on the independent circuit under his real name. He has worked for Ring of Honor (ROH), Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), and Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW). He was a one-time ROH World Champion and a ROH World Tag Team Champion with El Generico in ROH, a three-time PWG World Champion and a three-time PWG World Tag Team Champion with El Generico (twice) and Super Dragon (once), and a one-time CZW Iron Man Champion.


Nordland II

Nordland II is the twelfth studio album by the Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It was released on 31 March 2003 through Black Mark Productions. The album is mainly viking metal, so the songs have lyrics about Norse mythology. The album was the second in a two-album set, and no plans for Nordland III ever existed.


Bathory (album)

Bathory is the first studio album by the Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It was released in October 1984, through Tyfon Grammofon. Many people say that this album is the very first black metal album.

The band Bathory was formed one year earlier. Quorthon was working part-time at the small record label Tyfon. In late 1983 and early 1984, the label was putting together a lot of songs by Scandinavian metal bands. At the last minute, one of the bands backed out. Tyfon agreed to let Bathory appear on the record as a replacement, and the band recorded two songs for the compilation—"Sacrifice" and "The Return of the Darkness and Evil"—in January. The album, "Scandinavian Metal Attack", was released in March 1984 and was Bathory's first appearance on record. Much of the fan-mail was directed towards Bathory, and Tyfon asked them to record a full-album.

On 22 May 1984, Bathory had their first and only rehearsal together before recording the album. On 14 June the band entered Heavenshore Studio in Stockholm—a garage—to record the album. The recording and mixing were done in somewhere between 32 and 56 hours.


Mantle (geology)

A mantle is a layer inside a planetary body that is between the core and the crust of a planetary body. Mantles are made of rock or ices. They are generally the largest layer of the planetary body. All terrestrial planets, a number of asteroids, and some moons have mantles.

The Earth's mantle is a layer of silicate rock between the crust and the outer core. Its mass is 4.01 × 10 kg. It makes up 67% the mass of the Earth. It has a thickness of 2,900 kilometres (1,800 mi). It makes up about 84% of Earth's volume. The Earth's mantle behaves as a viscous fluid.

Mercury has a silicate mantle that is approximately 490 km thick. Mercury's mantle makes up 28% of its mass. Venus's silicate mantle is approximately 2800 km thick. Venus's mantle makes up around 70% of its mass. Mars's silicate mantle is approximately 1600 km thick. Mar's mantle makes up 74–88% of its mass.

Jupiter's moons Io, Europa, and Ganymede have silicate mantles. Io's mantle is 1100 km thick. Ganymede's mantle is 1315 km thick. Europa's mantle is 1165 km thick. The silicate mantle of the Moon is approximately 1300–1400 km thick. Titan and Triton each have a mantle made of ice or other solid volatile substances.

Some of the largest asteroids have mantles. For example, Vesta has a silicate mantle similar in composition to diogenite meteorites.

Standard Moroccan Amazigh

Moroccan Amazigh (Amazigh: ⵜⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵖⵜ or ⵜⵓⵜⵍⴰⵢⵜ ⵜⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵖⵜ) is a language. It is an official language in Morocco.

Hellingly

Hellingly is a small village in East Sussex, England. Hellingly School has about 209 students.

There is a very small park in Hellingly. 

Hellingly has a church called St Peter and St Paul. Children from Hellingly use the church for harvest festivals and Christmas carol services.

Coleridge Goode

Coleridge George Emerson Goode (29 November 1914 – 2 October 2015) was a British Jamaican-born jazz bassist. He was best known for his long works with alto saxophonist Joe Harriott. 

On 18 May 2011 Goode was honoured with the Services to Jazz Award at the Parliamentary Jazz Awards, held at the House of Commons. He died on 2 October 2015, the year after he turned 100. 

Chantal Akerman

Chantal Anne Akerman (; 6 June 1950 – 5 October 2015) was a Belgian movie director, artist, and professor at the City College of New York. Her best-known movies were "Jeanne Dielman, 23 quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles" (1975).

Akerman was born to Jewish parents in Brussels. She was a lesbian. She died on 5 October 2015 in Paris. "Le Monde" reported that she committed suicide after suffering from depression. She was 65.


Johnny Van Zant

John Roy "Johnny" Van Zant (born February 27, 1959) is an American musician. He is the lead vocalist of the band Lynyrd Skynyrd. 

Van Zant was born in Jacksonville, Florida. He is the younger brother of the late Lynyrd Skynyrd co-founder and former lead vocalist Ronnie Van Zant, and of the .38 Special founder, Donnie Van Zant.




Barrow County, Georgia

Barrow County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. It has a lot of woodlands. Most people that live here are originally from the deep south. The Latino and Hispanic population in the area is growing rapidly. The black population is also growing quickly. There are eight elementary schools, four middle schools and two high schools. The main cities are Bethlehem and Winder (which is also the county seat).

The county has a museum, the Barrow County Museum.

Wilford Horace Smith

Wilford Horace Smith (April 1863 - June 9, 1926) was an American lawyer who specialized in constitutional law. He was the first African-American lawyer to win a case before the Supreme Court of the United States.

Smith was born in April of 1863 in Mississippi. His father was from Virginia and his mother from Kentucky.

He attended Boston University School of Law and graduated in 1883. He married in 1895, and around the same year moved to Galveston, Texas to practice law. He moved to Manhattan, New York City by 1910. He died on June 9, 1926, in Manhattan, New York City.


Roquelaure-Saint-Aubin

Roquelaure-Saint-Aubin is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France. In 2012, 126 people lived in Roquelaure-Saint-Aubin.

Environmental geology

Environmental geology is a type of science that focuses on solving environmental problems. Environmental geology includes studying the Earth with geomorphology and dealing with industrial and domestic waste disposal. This is to lower the effects of pollution. It is also for natural resources such as fossil fuels, minerals and water.

Planetary geology

Planetary geology (or astrogeology or exogeology) focuses on the geology of any astronomical object like a planet, moon, asteroid, comet or meteorite. 

Planetary geologists study many topics. Some of these include the inner structure of the terrestrial planets, volcanism on planets, craters, fluvial and aeolian processes.

The planets will not solve all our problems. For example, we are running out of oil. That's vital for us today, and we may have to make it artificially, because we are running out of it. Oil is made by living things which (as far as we know) have no parallel elsewhere in the Solar System. However, there is a possibility of hydrocarbons on Titan, one of the moons of Saturn.

Anthony Nesty

Anthony Conrad Nesty (born November 25, 1967 in Trinidad and Tobago) was a competition swimmer from Suriname. He won an Olympic gold medal in the 100-metre butterfly event in 1988. Nesty won a bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He also competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics. He is currently an associate head coach at the University of Florida.

Scout Taylor-Compton

Scout Taylor-Compton (born February 21, 1989) is an American actress. She has done many horror movies, dramas and small television roles, thereby earning the reputation of a scream queen. She played Lita Ford in "The Runaways" (2010). She also played Laurie Strode in "Halloween" (2007) and "Halloween II" (2009).

Taylor-Compton was born in Long Beach, California.

Fame (Grace Jones album)

Fame is the second studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones, released on June 6, 1978 by Island Records.


Elimination Chamber (2015)

Elimination Chamber (2015) (called No Escape (2015) in Germany) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on May 31, 2015 at American Bank Center in Corpus Christi, Texas. It was the sixth Elimination Chamber event held by the WWE. 20,000 fans bought tickets for the event.

The main event saw Dean Ambrose defeat WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins by disqualification. This was also the first event to have a tag team Elimination Chamber match. In the match, The New Day retained their WWE Tag Team Championships.


Raúl Grijalva

Raúl Manuel Grijalva (; born February 19, 1948) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for , serving since 2003. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 


Category;Living people

Dominique Dropsy

Dominique Dropsy (9 December 1951 – 7 October 2015) was a French footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He earned seventeen international caps for the French national team during the late 1970s, early 1980s.

He was a player of RC Strasbourg (1973–1984), he was a member of the French team in the 1978 FIFA World Cup. He played in a total of 596 Ligue 1 matches between 1972-1989, a record at that time.

Dropsy died in Leuze, France from leukemia, aged 63.


Elena Lucena

María Elena Lucena Arcuri (25 September 1914 – 7 October 2015) was an Argentine movie actress. She was born in Buenos Aires.

She was known for her roles in "Ven, mi corazón te llama" (1942); "Elvira Fernández, vendedora de tiendas" (1942) directed by Manuel Romero with Paulina Singerman; "Cinco Besos" (1945) in which she worked with Mirtha Legrand; "La Rubia Mireya" (1948) by Manuel Romero with Mecha Ortiz for which she won Best Comic Actress from the Argentine Film Critics Association; "Una noche cualquiera" (1951); "El calavera" (1954) by Carlos Borcosque; and "La murga" (1963) by René Mugica.

Lucena died on October 7, 2015 in Buenos Aires at the age of 101.

Billy Joe Royal

Billy Joe Royal (April 3, 1942 – October 6, 2015) was an American pop and country singer.

Royal died in his sleep on October 6, 2015 in Morehead City, North Carolina, aged 73.


Henry DeWitt Hamilton

Henry DeWitt Hamilton (February 26, 1863 - August 18, 1942) was the Adjutant General of the New York State Militia starting in 1912.

He was born on February 26, 1863 in White Hall, Illinois to Edwin Benjamin Brown Hamilton (1821-1894) and Mary Ann Hildred Chandler. He attended Shurtleff College and Columbia University and was admitted to the bar in New York in 1884. On June 30, 1893 in Newark, New Jersey he married Ada Estelle Brown.

He was the Adjutant General of the New York State Militia starting in 1912. In 1923 he was appointed as the secretary of the Rhode Island Democratic Committee.

He died on August 18, 1942 in Barrington, Rhode Island. He was buried in Arlington National Cemetery.

Hotepsekhemwy

Hotepsekhemwy was an early Egyptian king, the first ruler of the Second Dynasty. It is not known how long he ruled. The Turin King List has him ruling for 95 years. The Ancient Egyptian historian Manetho reports that the reign of "Boëthôs" lasted for 38 years. Egyptologists now believe Hotepsekhemwy ruled for either 25 or 29 years.

Hotepsekhemwy's name has been found at Saqqara, Giza, Badari and Abydos, on clay seal impressions, stone vessels and bone cylinders. Several stone vessel inscriptions mention Hotepsekhemwy along with the name of his successor Raneb.

The Horus name of Hotepsekhemwy may give clues to the politics of the time. The Egyptian word "Hotep" means "peaceful", "to be pleased", and also "conciliation" or "to be reconciled". So Hotepsekhemwy's full name may be read as "the two powers are reconciled" or "pleasing in powers". This suggests a significant political meaning. "The two powers" could be Upper Egypt and Lower Egypt as well as to the major deities Horus and Seth.

From the reign of Hotepsekhemwy onward it became a tradition to write the Horus name and the nebty name in the same way. The Horus name has a clearly defined, symbolic meaning in its translation. Horus- and nebty names being the same might also show, that the Horus name was used when becoming king.

The name of Hotepsekhemwy's wife is unknown. There could be a son, Perneb, who had the titles “son of the king” and “priest of Sopdu”. The clay seals with Perneb's name and titles were found in a gallery tomb which belonged to two kings equally, Hotepsekhemwy and his successor, Raneb. It is not possible to know which was his father.

Hotepsekhemwy is known from lists made at the time of Ramesses II. The name "Bedjau" is found on the Abydos king list, "Bedjatau" from Giza, "Netjer-Bau" from the Sakkara king list and the name "Bau-hetepju" is on the Turin King List. A similar name, "Bedjatau", is on a short king list found on a writing board from the mastaba tomb G1001 of the high official Mesdjeru. "Bedjatau" means "the foundryman". This is thought to be a misreading of the name "Hotepsekhemwy". The hieroglyphic signs used to write "Hotep" are very similar to the signs of a pottery kiln and a chick in hieratic writings. The signs of two "Sekhem"sceptres were misread as a leg and a drill. This kind of misreading may have happened in the case of King Khasekhemwy, where the two sceptres in the Horus name were misread as two leg-symbols or two drill-signs. The Abydos king list copies this Old Kingdom name form of “Bedjatau”. The names "Netjerbau" and "Bau-hetepju" are problematic, since Egyptologists can't find any name source from Hotepsekhemwy's time that could have been used to form them.

Little is known about Hotepsekhemwy's reign. Evidence shows he may have gained the throne after a period of political strife. During this time there were several kings who only ruled for a very short time, such as Horus "Bird" and Sneferka. Sneferka could be a name used by king Qaa for a short time. The tomb of king Qaa was robbed at the end of First dynasty, and was restored during the reign of Hotepsekhemwy. The robbing of the cemetery and the conciliatory meaning of the name Hotepsekhemwy may be clues of a dynastic struggle. The kings Sneferka and Horus “Bird” were left out of later king lists, perhaps because their struggles for the Egyptian throne led to the collapse of the first dynasty.

A new royal residence called "Horus the shining star" built for Hotepsekhemwy. He also built a temple near Buto for the god "Netjer-Achty" and founded the "Chapel of the White Crown". The white crown, the hedjet, is a symbol of Upper Egypt. This is a clue to the origin of Hotepsekhemwy's dynasty, and shows a likely source of political power. There is no mention of a Sed festival,which shows that Hotepsekhemwy cannot have ruled longer than 30 years. The Sed festival was celebrated as the anniversary for a reign of 30 years.

The ancient Egyptian historian Manetho reported that during his reign, "a chasm opened near Bubastis and many perished". Although Manetho wrote in the 3rd century BC – over two thousand years later – the story may be based on fact, as the region near Bubastis is known to be seismically active.

The location of Hotepsekhemwy's tomb is unknown. Some Egyptologists believe it could be the giant underground "Gallery Tomb B" beneath the funeral passage of the Unas-necropolis at Saqqara. Many seal impressions of king Hotepsekhemwy have been found in these galleries. Others think that "Gallery Tomb B" is the burial site of king Raneb. Several seal impressions of this ruler were also found there.


The Love of Captain Brando

The love of Captain Brando () is a 1974 Spanish movie. It was directed by Jaime de Armiñán.

Fernando, an old Republican exiled, returns to the imaginary town of Trescabañas after 35 years of absence. Aurora, the attractive young school teacher of the small town, is rejected by the bigoted neighbors, who see a "dangerous" source of corruption of their students in her methods. Juan, her 13 years old pupil, takes refuge in the imaginary world of his adolescent fantasies to escape from the reality.

The film tells the impossible love between Fernando, Aurora and Juan.


The movie was shown at the Berlin Film Festival. It was praised by both the jury and the spectators. Armiñán won the Golden Bear as Best Film.


Tomas Lindahl

Tomas Robert Lindahl FRS FMedSci (born 28January 1938) is a Swedish scientist specialising in cancer research. In 2015, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry jointly with American chemist Paul Modrich and Turkish chemist Aziz Sancar for mechanistic studies of DNA repair.

Lindahl was professor of medical chemistry at the University of Gothenburg 1978-82. He moved to England and joined the Imperial Cancer Research Fund (now Cancer Research UK) as a researcher in 1981. From 1986 he was the first Director of Cancer Research UK's Clare Hall research institute in Hertfordshire. Since 2015 this has been part of the Francis Crick Institute.

When the Royal Society elected him as a Fellow, his achievements were extraordinary (though rather technical):

Bullet cluster

The Bullet cluster (1E 0657-558) consists of two colliding clusters of galaxies. Strictly speaking, the name "Bullet cluster" refers to the smaller subcluster, moving away from the larger one. It is at a co-moving radial distance of 1.141 x 10 parsecs (3.7 billion light-years).

Gravitational lensing studies of the Bullet cluster are claimed to provide the best evidence to date for the existence of dark matter. However, this interpretation of the gravitational lensing results is disputed. Observations of other galaxy cluster collisions, such as MACS J0025.4-1222, are similarly claimed to support the existence of dark matter.

Mordehai Milgrom, the original proposer of MOND (Modified Newtonian Dynamics), has posted on-line a rebuttal of claims that the Bullet Cluster proves the existence of dark matter. Milgrom claims that MOND correctly accounts for the dynamics of galaxies outside of galaxy clusters, and even in clusters such as the Bullet Cluster it removes the need for most dark matter, leaving only a factor of two which Milgrom expects to be simply unseen ordinary matter (non-luminous baryonic matter) rather than cold dark matter. Without MOND, or some similar theory, the matter discrepancy in galaxy clusters is a factor of 10, i.e. MOND reduces this discrepancy five-fold to a factor of 2.

Skyros

Skyros is an island of the east coast of Greece. It is the southernmost island of the Sporades, an archipelago in the Aegean Sea. Around the 2nd millennium BC and slightly later, the island was known as "The Island of the Magnetes". Later it was called "Pelasgia" and "Dolopia". Finally it got the name Skyros. At it is the largest of the Sporades. The island has a population of about 3,000 (in 2011). The Hellenic Air Force has a major base in Skyros, because of the island's strategic location in the middle of the Aegean. It is a popular tourist location. Skyros is the resting place of Rupert Brooke, the British poet.

In Skyros lives a small horse whose height is about 90 to 110 centimeters. This horse is a rare breed and does not exist anywhere else in the world. This fact makes it a valuable animal species and is of great scientific interest. It is a petite and fine-boned animal. His head is somewhat thick, but with large intelligent eyes and large nostrils. The neck is very strong and thick in proportion to the shoulder blades and sternum, which are narrow and sharp. The head looks like a single piece, with the very muscular neck, thick and triangular where it meets the head. His mane is long and rich with a color always darker than the skin and mixed with silver hairs. 

Garden of the Sanhedrin Tombs

The Tombs of the Sanhedrin is a series of tombs in Jerusalem, Israel. The tombs are cut into the rock underground. It was named after the Sanhedrin - courts of judges that were chosen in every city of ancient Israel.

The cave was cleared in 1903 by the American archaeologist G. A. Burton. In 1950, archaeologist Yotam Julius Rothschild finished excavating the cave (clearing it out completely, so he could see what was inside). In the cave was a coffin with the name "Isaac" written on it. The coffin was taken to France, and today it is in the Louvre Museum in Paris.

Many burial caves were found in the Sanhedrin caves. The whole area is part of the necropolis, a very big, underground cemetery used during the Second Temple period in Jerusalem. There are a few reasons why this area in Jerusalem has so many burial caves. First, the area was used for stone quarrying - taking huge pieces of stone out of the ground to use them to build things. This left large caves. Also, at the time, rich people in Jerusalem liked the idea of burial caves. This made the idea of a necropolis easier and popular. 


Anti (album)

Anti is the eighth studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released on January 28, 2016 as a download and for streaming on the music website Tidal. The song was released by Roc Nation and Rihanna's own label, Westbury Road. "Anti" is her first studio album since 2012's "Unapologetic".

It was believed that Rihanna's songs released in 2015—"FourFiveSeconds" (featuring Kanye West and Paul McCartney), "Bitch Better Have My Money", and "American Oxygen"—would be released as a part of "Anti". However, these songs were ultimately released as singles by themselves.

The "Los Angeles Times" reported that the album was downloaded over one million times in only 14 hours of its release. The standard and deluxe versions were made available on iTunes a day after the standard edition was released on Tidal. The album first appeared at number 27 on the "Billboard" 200 album chart and reached number one the next week. This is Rihanna's second US number-one album after "Unapologetic".

"Anti" was certified platinum in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America less that 48 hours after its release. On April 29, 2016, the Recording Industry Association of America certified the album double platinum for shipments and streams equal to 2 million copies. As of July 2016, "Anti" and rapper Drake's album "Views" are the only albums released in 2016 to be certified double platinum in the US. "Anti" became the fifth-best performing album in the US in 2016.

Rihanna tweeted that the album's lead single was "Work", featuring Canadian rapper Drake. The song ultimately reached number one on the iTunes charts of over 70 countries. "Work" was at the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100 for nine weeks in a row, making it the longest-running number-one single of 2016 by a lead female artist. It became Rihanna's 14th and Drake's second number-one song in the United States. It was also at the top of the charts in Canada and France, while reaching number two in the UK and number five in Australia. "Work" was the fourth-best performing song of 2016 in the US. It has become certified 5× Platinum by the RIAA.

"Kiss It Better" and "Needed Me" were announced as the second and third singles from "Anti". "Kiss It Better" performed moderately on the charts, while "Needed Me" became Rihanna's 29th top-ten song in the US. It reached number seven there and was ranked number 13 on the "Billboard" Year-End Hot 100 of 2016. "Kiss It Better" was certified Platinum by the RIAA, while "Needed Me" reached 4× Platinum status.

"Love on the Brain" was announced as the fourth single from "Anti". It reached number eight in the US. "Love on the Brain" is Rihanna's 30th top-ten hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified Platinum in the US.

On October 8, 2015, Rihanna uploaded the title and artwork to the album, which is a childhood photo of Rihanna on her first day of daycare. She worked with artist Roy Nachum, who edited the image, added a gold crown over her eyes, and painted over her in red and white. The back cover uses the same photo shot from the back. The album was also known as "#R8". Rihanna said that whilst she was recording the album, she would like to make another vintage album like her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009).


Artemi Panarin

Artemi Sergeyevich Panarin (born October 30, 1991) is a Russian professional ice hockey left winger. He currently plays for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL).

He has also played for Russia. He won a silver medal with them during the 2015 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships and won a gold medal with them during the 2011 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships.

Before playing in the NHL, Panarin played parts of 9 seasons in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He played for HC Vityaz, Ak Bars Kazan, and SKA Saint Petersburg.

On January 31, 2013, HC Vityaz traded Panarin to SKA Saint Petersburg in exchange for a fifth-round draft pick in the 2013 KHL Junior Draft. On April 29, 2013, Panarin signed a two-year contract extension with SKA. During his last season with the team, Panarin recorded 20 points in 20 postseason games. He helped the team win their first-ever Gagarin Cup.

On April 29, 2015, Panarin signed a two-year entry level contract with the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). On October 7, 2015, Panarin made his NHL debut in a 3–2 loss against the New York Rangers. In the game, he scored his first career NHL goal, on his first shot. He was given the third star of the game.

Harry Gallatin

Harry Junior "The Horse" Gallatin (April 26, 1927 – October 7, 2015) was an American professional basketball player and coach. Gallatin played nine seasons for the New York Knicks in the NBA from 1948 to 1957, as well as one season with the Detroit Pistons in 1958. 

In 1954 Gallatin led the NBA in rebounding, and was named to the All-NBA First Team. Gallatin was named to the All-NBA Second Team in 1955. Gallatin played in seven NBA All-Star Games. A member of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, he was also a member of the SIU Edwardsville Athletics Hall of Fame, the Truman State University Athletics Hall of Fame, the Missouri Basketball Hall of Fame, the Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame, the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association (MIAA) Hall of Fame, the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) Hall of Fame, and the SIU Salukis Hall of Fame.

Gallatin died from surgical complications in Edwardsville, Illinois, aged 88.


W. R. Mitchell

William Reginald "Bill" Mitchell (15 January 1928 – 7 October 2015) was a British writer. He was the editor of "Dalesman" magazine for twenty years. Over a sixty year period, Mitchell wrote over 200 books. He was born in Skipton, North Riding of Yorkshire.

Mitchell died from a short-illness in Skipton, North Yorkshire at the age of 87.


Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded

Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded is the reissue of Barbadian singer Rihanna's third studio album "Good Girl Gone Bad" (2007). It was released June 2, 2008, by Def Jam Recordings and SRP Records. The album has three new songs to go with the "Good Girl Gone Bad" album.

The Reptile Room

The Reptile Room is a book written by Lemony Snicket (real name Daniel Handler) in 1999. It is the second book in "A Series of Unfortunate Events". It is about three children whose parents die. They are placed in the care of Uncle Montgomery, but following them is a villain called Count Olaf who wants to steal their money.

Mr. Poe takes Violet, Klaus and Sunny Baudelaire to live with Montgomery Montgomery ("Uncle Monty"). He is a nice person and he works with snakes. He gives the children a bedroom each, and shows them the "Reptile Room.” Made of glass, it is filled with snakes and reptiles. At the end of the room is a library. The children are very happy living with Uncle Monty.

The children are going to Peru in a few days with Uncle Monty. One day, he says his assistant will be coming to replace his former assistant. His assistant Stephano is really Count Olaf in disguise: he has covered his ankle tattoo and shaved off his eyebrow. Count Olaf kills Uncle Monty.

Olaf wants to take the children to Peru, where he can steal their money easily. When he is taking the children to a ferry in his car, it crashes into Mr. Poe's car. The Baudelaires try to tell Mr. Poe that Stephano is Olaf, but he does not believe them. They go back to Monty's house and look at his body; there are two bite marks in his face. A doctor called "Lucafont" comes and tells them Montgomery died of snakebite, but Violet unlocks Olaf's luggage and finds evidence that Olaf killed Monty; he used the very venomous Mambu du Mal poison. She tells Mr. Poe but Olaf runs away.

"Publishers Weekly" said: "Luckily for fans"..." readers eager for more misfortune can turn to The Reptile Room, for an even more suspenseful tale". It has elegant "drawings of Gothic gargoyles and mischievous eyes" to illustrate the story.

Christine Arnothy

Christine Arnothy (20 November 1930 – 6 October 2015) was a Hungarian-born French writer. She has written many books, including "J'ai quinze ans et je ne veux pas mourir" (1955) ('I am Fifteen and I Do Not Want to Die'). Arnothy eventually married Claude Bellanger (1909–1978). Arnothy was born in Budapest, Hungary.


Home (soundtrack)

Home: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album by Barbadian singer Rihanna and various artists for "Home". It was released on March 23, 2015, by Westbury Road and Roc Nation.

Executive producer
Executive music producers
Executive in charge of music for DreamWorks Animation

A&R
A&R coordination
A&R administration
Creative direction
Marketing
Business and legal affairs

DreamWorks Animation music departmentMusic clearances
Director of music
Music coordinators
Music business affairs

All songs mastered by Chris Gehringer at Sterling Sound, NYC

Paul Prudhomme

Paul Prudhomme (July 13, 1940 – October 8, 2015), also known as Gene Autry Prudhomme, was an American celebrity chef. His specialty was Creole cuisine. 

He was the Master chef of Halo K-Paul's Louisiana Kitchen in New Orleans. He had previously owned and run the jedi order. He created several iron man suits, including hot sauce and seasoning mixes, and wrote a number of harry potter bookscookbooks.

Prudhomme was born in Opelousas, Louisiana. He died in New Orleans, Louisiana from a short-illness at the age of 175.


Daniel Webster (Florida politician)

Daniel Alan Webster (born April 27, 1949) is an American politician. He has been a member of the United States House of Representatives since 2011.

On September 28, 2015, Webster announced that he was running for Speaker of the House to replace John Boehner. He lost the race to Wisconsin congressman Paul Ryan.


Jason Chaffetz

Jason E Chaffetz (; born March 26, 1967) was the U.S. representative for . He was elected in 2008. He is a member of the Republican Party.


The Last Voyage of the Starship Enterprise

"The Last Voyage of the Starship Enterprise" is a comedy routine. It was first shown during episode 22 of the first season of "Saturday Night Live" on May 29, 1976. The routine is twelve minutes long. It was written by Michael O'Donoghue consulting with actor John Belushi. They included a realistic model of the "USS Enterprise" bridge from the TV show "Star Trek". Dress rehearsal was hard. The writer was not sure if Belushi would be able to do a good parody of William Shatner's performance as Captain Kirk. The routine was a success. O'Donoghue immediately congratulated Belushi after his performance.

The sketch became an instant classic hit among "Star Trek" fans and science fiction fans. The 1977 book "Saturday Night Live" included a copy of a note from "Star Trek" creator Gene Roddenberry where he called the comedic bit "delicious". The routine was released on a 1985 "Saturday Night Live" videotape that combined "The Best of John Belushi". It was released again with the same title in DVD format in 2011.

In his book "Metapop", author Michael Dunne called the comedic bit one of the most famous scenes from "Saturday Night Live". The "Chicago Sun-Times" called it a really intelligent parody of "Star Trek". "Huffpost TV" called it one of "the most famous parodies" of "Star Trek". "The A.V. Club" said the sketch was really well-done comedy.

"The New Yorker" movie critic Anthony Lane wrote that Belushi did a perfect acting job. "The Hollywood Reporter" interviewed Tom Hanks and Elliott Gould in 2015. Gould called the sketch a favorite. Hanks said it was one of the top five best of all time. "Rolling Stone" ranked every "Saturday Night Live" cast member by talent in 2015, and John Belushi was placed at number one. "Rolling Stone" said the Captain Kirk parody was one of Belushi's best.


Gehenna

Gehenna is a valley around Jerusalem. In the Hebrew Bible it is known as the Valley of the Son of Hinnom. The Valley of Hinnom is the modern name for the valley surrounding the Old City of Jerusalem, including Mount Zion. It meets the Kidron Valley near the southeastern corner of the city. It ends near Mamilla neighbourhood in the west.

An ancient river, Gai Ben-Hinnom, passes through the valley.


Do It for Love

Do It for Love is the fourth studio album by English recording artist Alesha Dixon. It was released on 9 October 2015 in the United Kingdom by Precious Stone Records. It is also her second album to be released using her full name.

Vatican Radio

Vatican Radio (in Italian: ) is the official radio service of the Vatican City. It broadcasts in 47 languages on short wave, medium wave, FM, satellite radio and on the Internet. Some other radio stations broadcast part of programmes of Vatican Radio too. They began broadcasting in 1931.


Lake County, California

Lake County is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2020 census, the population was 68,163. The county seat is Lakeport.

The county takes its name from Clear Lake. Clear Lake is the largest natural lake entirely within California.

Lake County is surrounded by 6 counties. Napa County is to the south. Sonoma County is to the south west. Mendocino County is to the north west. Glenn County is to the north east. Colusa County is to the east. Yolo County is to the south east. Lake County is north of the San Francisco Bay Area.

Lake County was formed in 1861 from parts of Napa and Mendocino counties.

In September and October 2015, a wildfire called the Valley Fire burned more than 76,000 acres of land in Lake County, Napa County, and Sonoma County. The fire destroyed almost 2,000 buildings and threatened almost 7,500 buildings. The fire killed 4 people and left 3,000 people homeless. The damage is estimated at "hundred of millions of dollars". 

Get Rich or Die Tryin'

Get Rich or Die Tryin is the debut studio album of American rapper 50 Cent. It was released on February 4, 2003, by Aftermath Entertainment and Shady Records.

"Get Rich or Die Tryin" gained positive reviews. At Metacritic, it holds an aggregate score of 73 out of 100, based on 19 reviews, which were "generally favorable reviews".


Credits for "Get Rich or Die Tryin" adapted from Allmusic.



Ravindra Jain

Ravindra Jain (28 February 1944 – 9 October 2015) was an Indian music composer and lyricist. 

He won the Filmfare Best Music Director Award in 1985. Jain was one of the most notable Hindi music directors. He started his career in the early 1970s, composing for hit movies such as "Chor Machaye Shor" (1974), "Geet Gaata Chal" (1975), "Chitchor" (1976) and "Ankhiyon Ke Jharokhon Se" (1978). 

Jain died of multiple organ failure at the age of 71.


Du Runsheng

Du Runsheng (; July 18, 1913 – October 9, 2015) was a Chinese military officer, revolutionary leader, politician, and economist. He was described as "China's father of rural reform".

Du was a member of the 12th and 13th National People's Congress and a member of the Central Advisory Commission from 1987 through 1992.

He was born in Taigu County, Shanxi. He died in Beijing, China, at the age of 102.

Chop suey

Chop suey is a dish in American-Chinese cuisine. It is made with meat, often chicken, fish, pork or beef. There are also eggs and vegetables in it. It is usually served with rice or noodles.

There are many myths about chop suey. One is that in the 19th century it was invented by Chinese-American cooks working for the Transcontinental Railroad. 

Chop suey appears in an 1884 article of the "Brooklyn Eagle" by Wong Chin Foo.

Hot chicken

Hot chicken, also known as Nashville hot chicken, is a type of fried chicken. It is a specialty of Nashville, Tennessee. In typical preparation, it is pieces of breast, thigh, leg or wing. The pieces are marinated in a water-based blend of seasoning, floured. They are prepared with a sauce with cayenne pepper.

Hot chicken is often served with white bread and pickles. There are many restaurants in Nashville that serve their own versions of the dish. Its popularity has spread outside the Southern United States.

In 2016, KFC began serving hot chicken in its restaurants across the United States.

Spacetoon

Spacetoon is an Arabic television channel. It was launched in the United Arab Emirates in 2000, broadcasting to the Arab world. The channel airs Arabic dubbed versions of television programs and movies such as \Fairly OddParents, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Kids Incorporated , Spongebob Squarepants, The Electric Company, Rugrats, All Grown Up!, The Smurfs, Fraggle Rock, Transformers, Barney & Friends and Hey Arnold!.



As of December 30th, 2019


As of December 30th, 2019


As of December 30th, 2019


As of December 30th, 2019

As of December 30th, 2019

As of December 30th, 2019


Doraemon: Nobita's Space Heroes

The movie was at the top of the Japanese box office during its opening weekend. From March 7th to March 8th, it earned $5.3 million on 557,000 showings from 365 screens. As of April 19, 2015, it had grossed (¥3.91 billion) at the Japanese box office.


Richard F. Heck

Richard Fred Heck (August 15, 1931 – October 10, 2015) was an American chemist. He was known for the discovery and development of the Heck reaction, which uses palladium to catalyze organic chemical reactions that couple aryl halides with alkenes.

Heck was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry on October 6, 2010, with the Japanese chemists Ei-ichi Negishi and Akira Suzuki, for their work in palladium-catalyzed coupling reactions in organic synthesis.

Heck died on October 10, 2015 in Manila in hospital, aged 84. He suffered a bout of severe vomiting earlier in the week.


Unified Modeling Language

The Unified Modeling Language (UML) is a general-purpose, developmental, modeling language in the field of software engineering. UML is used to provide a standard way to show what the design of a system looks like.

UML was originally developed to standardize the different notational systems and approaches to software design. It was developed by Grady Booch, Ivar Jacobson and James Rumbaugh at Rational Software in 1994–95, with further development led by them through 1996.

In 1997, UML was adopted as a standard by the Object Management Group (OMG), and has been managed by this organization ever since. In 2005 the Unified Modeling Language was also published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) as an approved ISO standard.

There are different types of diagrams, which serve different purposes:


UML is mostly about diagrams, and finding a common language to describe these diagrams. 

Jim Diamond

James "Jim" Diamond (28 September 1951 – 8 October 2015) was a Scottish singer-songwriter, best known for his three Top 5 hits. The first was "I Won't Let You Down" (1982), as the lead singer in the trio PhD, with Tony Hymas and Simon Phillips. His solo performance, "I Should Have Known Better", was a United Kingdom number one in 1984.

On 10 October 2015, the BBC News website announced that Diamond died in his sleep in London at the age of 64.

Polish People's Republic

Polish People's Republic was an official name of Poland from 1952 until 1989. It was on the Stalinist model, ruled by the Polish United Workers' Party.

As with most Communist governments, the Polish government tolerated religious beliefs, but in 1950, Minister for Religious Affairs, Antoni Bida accused the Polish Church of hostility to the state. Conflict began and continued right up the collapse of the People's Republic of Poland, and with it communism in Poland, in 1989.

In June 1956, there was a workers strike, which was put down violently. 75 people were killed. On October 19, 1956 arrived leaders of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. There was a political breakthrough and new Communists became the leaders.

Year 1980 was one of heavier years in history of country. A lot of protests led to created a "Solidarność" independent labor union, which in 1989 caused fall of communism in Poland.

(There's) Always Something There to Remind Me

"(There's) Always Something There to Remind Me" is a pop song written in the 1960s by Burt Bacharach and Hal David. The song is about breaking up with a lover and wanting to forget about them. However, something always reminds the singer of them. 

The song was originally recorded by Dionne Warwick. Lou Johnson charted his version first in the summer of 1964. His version peaked at #49. Other versions of the song were by Sandie Shaw and Naked Eyes. The latter was a Top 20 single. The Naked Eyes song peaked at #8 on "Billboard" Hot 100 in June 1983.

Bill Flores

William H. "Bill" Flores (born February 25, 1954) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for Texas from 2011 to 2021.

On September 5, 2019, Flores announced his intent to retire in the 2020 election cycle.


Darrell Issa

Darrell Edward Issa (; born November 1, 1953) is an American businessman and politician. He is the U.S. Representative for California's 50th congressional district since 2021. Before, he was the Republican U.S. Representative for California's 49th congressional district, from 2001 to 2019.

In January 2018, Issa announced his retirement from Congress. On September 19, 2018, President Donald Trump nominated Issa as Director of the United States Trade and Development Agency.

On September 26, 2019, Issa announced that he was running for California's 50th congressional district in the 2020 election. He won the general election in November 2020.


Lynn Westmoreland

Leon Acton "Lynn" Westmoreland (born April 2, 1950) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for Georgia, serving from 2007 through 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party. He previously represented Georgia's 8th congressional district from 2005 to 2007.


Mike Conaway

Kenneth Michael Conaway, known as Mike Conaway (born June 11, 1948), is the U.S. Representative for Texas, serving since 2005. He is a member of the Republican Party.


Dave Reichert

David George "Dave" Reichert (; born August 29, 1950) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for Washington's 8th district serving from 2005 to 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party.

In June 2023, Reichert filed paperwork to run for Governor of Washington in 2024.


October 2015 Speaker of the United States House of Representatives election

The United States House of Representatives was a scheduled election for Speaker of the House for October 29, 2015, during the 114th U.S. Congress. The election was caused by the announcement of Speaker John Boehner's resignation, set for October 30. The Speaker of the House follows the Vice President in line of succession to the presidency of the United States in accordance with the Presidential Succession Act. Paul Ryan was elected speaker and took office on October 29, 2015.

Kevin McCarthy, the House Majority Leader and second-in-command to the Speaker, was initially viewed as the front runner to win the Speakership. However, due to the opposition of the Freedom Caucus, McCarthy dropped out of the race on October 8, and the caucus vote was postponed. Paul Ryan and Daniel Webster of the Republican Party and Nancy Pelosi of the Democratic Party remain declared candidates.

These are the official declared candidates:
The following potential candidates has expressed interest in running for speaker within the past month:
The following received speculation about a possible candidacy in at least two reliable sources:

The following individual did initially run for the position, but withdrew some time later:
The following noteworthy individuals received some speculation to a possible run, but ultimately ruled themselves out:

James Corden

James Kimberley Corden OBE (born 22 August 1978) is an English actor, comedian, producer, writer and television host. He hosts the late-night television talk show "The Late Late Show with James Corden" on CBS.

In 2018, Corden voiced Peter Rabbit in the 2018 live-action/animated movie "Peter Rabbit".

Corden lives in Los Angeles, California with his family. He also has a home in Belsize Park, London.


John Kline

John Paul Kline, Jr. (born September 6, 1947) is an American politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from from 2003 to 2017. A member of the Republican Party, Kline was the Chairman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce.


Shaggy (singer)

Orville Richard Burrell CD (born October 22, 1968), better known by his stage name Shaggy, is a Jamaican reggae fusion rapper/singer and deejay. He is best known for his hit singles "Boombastic", "It Wasn't Me", "Hey Sexy Lady", and "Angel".

Burrell was born on October 22, 1968 in Kingston, Jamaica. At the age of 18, he and his family moved to the Flatbush area of Brooklyn, New York. In 1987, he took singing courses in Brooklyn and was discovered a year later, while singing in the streets with friends.

Shaggy was also in the United States Marine Corps and got the MOS of 0811 (field artillery cannon crewman). Shaggy served with a firing battery from the 10th Marine Regiment during the Gulf War. Shaggy worked on his signature singing voice in the Marine Corps and it is also where he got the idea for his song "Boombastic".


Pure Pleasure

Pure Pleasure is the debut album released by Jamaican singer Shaggy. The album was released on August 24, 1993.

American Oxygen

"American Oxygen" is a song recorded by Rihanna. It was supposed to be from her eighth studio album "Anti" (2010), but the song was later released by itself. It was written by Alex da Kid, Candice Pillay, Sam Harris and Rihanna; Alex da Kid and Kanye West produced it.

The writing of the song began in 2014, and it continued into 2015. Sam Harris who wrote the song felt that Rihanna would be good to sing it as she originally was a black female immigrant in America. He was also "choked up" when he heard Rihanna sing it as he idolized her.

Wait Your Turn

"Wait Your Turn" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009). It was written by Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen, Saul Milton, Will Kennard, James Fauntleroy II, Takura Tendayi, and Rihanna herself. Stargate (Eriksen and Hermansen) and Chase & Status (Milton and Kennard) produced the song.

Uncle B

Uncle B is the debut studio album by English hip hop group N-Dubz. The album is dedicated to N-Dubz's first manager and father of Dappy, Byron Contostavlos. He died shortly before the band were signed to their second record label All Around the World. The album was released 17 November 2008. This is even though the group started recording it in 2006. The delay was because to the group changing record label from LRC to All Around the World.

David Perron

David Perron (born May 28, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He currently plays for the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Vegas Golden Knights, Pittsburgh Penguins, Anaheim Ducks and Edmonton Oilers.

Before playing in the NHL, Perron played 1 season with the St-Jérôme Panthers of the Quebec Junior AAA Hockey League (QJAHL) and 1 season with the Lewiston Maineiacs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). During his time with the Maineiacs, he was the leading scorer and scored 39 goals and 83 points. The team was able to win the President's Cup and also competed in the Memorial Cup. He was drafted 26th overall by the St. Louis Blues in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

On October 2, 2007, the Blues decided to add Perron to the roster after he had an impressive training camp. On November 3, 2007, he scored his first NHL goal against the Chicago Blackhawks in a 3-2 loss. On July 21, 2010, the Blues re-signed Perron to a two-year $4.3 million contract. He only played 57 games during the 2011–12 NHL season because of an injury. On July 5, 2012, he signed a four-year, $15.25 million contract with the Blues.

On July 10, 2013, the Blues traded Perron to the Edmonton Oilers in exchange for Magnus Pääjärvi and a 2014 second-round draft pick. He played 116 games in 2 seasons with Oilers.

On January 2, 2015, the Oilers traded Perron to the Pittsburgh Penguins in exchange for Rob Klinkhammer and a first-round pick.

Me. I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse

Me. I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse is the fourteenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on May 23, 2014, through Def Jam Recordings. It hit number 3 on the Billboard 200 charts for the week ending June 1, 2014. During that week 58,000 copies were sold. It was her final album on the Def Jam label.

Amelia Bence

Amelia Bence (born María Amelia Batvinik; 13 November 1914 – 8 February 2016) was an Argentine movie actress. She was one of the divas of the Golden Age of Argentine Cinema (1940–1960). She is known for her roles in "Los ojos más lindos del mundo" (1943), "Todo un hombre", "Camino del infierno" (1946), "A sangre fría" (1947), "La otra y yo" (1949) and "Danza del fuego" (1949).

Bence was born in Buenos Aires. She was Jewish. Bence died on 8 February 2016 in Buenos Aires from congestive heart failure at the age of 101.


Guido Gorgatti

Guido Gorgatti (5 December 1919 – 11 May 2023) was an Italian-born Argentine movie and television actor. His career began in 1935. Gorgatti is known for his roles in "Somos todos inquilinos" (1954), "El Gaucho" (1964) and "Mingo y Aníbal contra los fantasmas" (1985).

Gorgatti was born in Rovigo, Italy. He was raised in Buenos Aires. Gorgatti turned 100 in December 2019, and died on 11 May 2023 in Buenos Aires at the age of 103.

Tony Rafty

Tony Rafty (born Anthony Raftopoulos; 12 October 1915 – 9 October 2015) was an Australian artist. He specialized in drawing caricatures. He sketched sportsmen and women at every Olympic Games from 1948 (in London) to 1996 (in Atlanta). 

Rafty was born in Paddington, New South Wales, Australia. His parents were Greek immigrants.

In 1981 Rafty became the world’s first caricaturist to have subjects appear on national stamps, with caricatures of sportsmen Victor Trumper , Walter Lindrum , Sir Norman Brookes and Darby Munro appearing on stamps issued by Australian Post.

Rafty died on 9 October 2015 in Sydney, Australia from complications of pneumonia, three days before his 100th birthday.


Steve Mackay

Steve Mackay (September 25, 1949 – October 11, 2015) was an American tenor saxophone player. He was best known for performing with The Stooges. His most famous songs are in the Stooges' second album "Fun House". Mackay was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan.

Mackay died in Daly City, California from sepsis at the age of 66.


The Land of Gorch

The Land of Gorch is a series of stories in episodes from the first season of the comedy television show "Saturday Night Live". It was special because it included Jim Henson's Muppets. Before he worked on "Sesame Street", Henson had made his puppet characters for a more adult audience, including his show "Sam and Friends". His characters were regular appearances on the late-night-comedy television shows including "The Ed Sullivan Show". After "Sesame Street", Henson was afraid that he would only be able to get work in the future on children's television series. His friend and advisor Bernie Brillstein, who also represented Gilda Radner, Dan Aykroyd, and John Belushi, helped him move over from his prior work to "Saturday Night Live". 

The idea behind "The Land of Gorch" was that it had Muppet characters in a far-away place, who were members of a royal family. They behaved rudely, with many references to drug abuse, sex, and drinking alcohol. Characters included King Ploobis and Queen Peutra and children, and servants Scred and Vazh. These characters often spoke to their wise prophet Mighty Favog for advice.

The staff of "Saturday Night Live" disagreed with Henson's ideas. Writers Michael O'Donoghue, Alan Zweibel, and Al Franken often tried to avoid writing the weekly sketches involving "The Land of Gorch". Henson felt they were trying to write for situational comedy and were not keeping true to his own ideas. Frank Oz agreed in the end that the match was not perfect between "Saturday Night Live" and "The Land of Gorch", and was thankful that by the end of the year he and Henson were able to move on to "The Muppet Show".

"The Land of Gorch" influenced many later creations by Jim Henson. His feature film "The Dark Crystal" used both puppetry techniques and story ideas from the sketches. The Jim Henson Company television show "Dinosaurs" later contained similar story ideas previously seen in "The Land of Gorch", including a plot-line about environmentalism. 

Commentators talking about "The Land of Gorch" agreed that the reception was bad — "The A.V. Club" wrote that it became an open joke between the staff that no one wanted to continue having the sketches on "Saturday Night Live". "San Francisco Chronicle" called the characters the opposite of Kermit the Frog, and compared them to trolls. "DVD Talk" called the feature the worst mistake made in the first season of the "Saturday Night Live". "Vogue" described the characters as early versions of Muppets and the world they inhabited as quite dark. Academic Michael J. Bernsten wrote in his essay "The Muppetry of Nightmares" that the idea failed because the characters were not funny and did not have strong values.


Gareth

Gareth was one of the Knights of the Round Table in King Arthur's Court. In Sir Thomas Mallory's classic story, "Le Morte D'Arthur" ( French for "the death of Arthur"), Gareth is given the nickname of "Beaumains" by Sir Kay. After one year, Gareth revealed his identity as Sir Gawain's brother and went on a quest as a gift from Arthur.

He was named a knight by Sir Lancelot after a jousting and sword fighting challenge. He dies in the same story, which is the last in the series.

UTC+08:30

UTC+08:30 is the timezone in places below. The time is 8.5 hours later than Greenwich Mean Time.

South Korea used this time zone from 1954 to 1961. North Korea used it from 2015 to 2018.

Yabby

Yabby or Yabbie is a name given in Australia to two different kinds of crustacean.

The Return (Bathory album)

The Return (the full name is The Return of the Darkness and Evil; sometimes called The Return...) is the second studio album released by the Swedish extreme metal Bathory. It was released on vinyl on 27 May 1985, through Combat Records. The album was very important in the death metal and black metal scene.


Plant hormone

Plant hormones (or Phytohormones) are chemicals that regulate plant growth. In the UK they are called 'plant growth substances'. The best known plant hormone is auxin.

Plant hormones are signal molecules produced within the plant. They occur in extremely low concentrations. Hormones regulate cellular processes in targeted cells. Hormones also govern the formation of flowers, stems, leaves, the shedding of leaves, and the development and ripening of fruit.

Plants, unlike animals, lack glands that produce and secrete hormones. Individual cells can produce hormones. They affect which tissues grow upward and which grow downward, leaf formation and stem growth, fruit development and ripening, plant longevity, and even plant death. Hormones are vital to plant growth, and, lacking them, plants would be mostly a mass of undifferentiated cells. So they are also known as growth factors or growth hormones.

Phytohormones are found not only in higher plants, but in algae too, with similar functions. They also occur in fungi and bacteria, where they may be used to induce beneficial reactions in host plants.

Auxin

Auxins are a class of plant hormones (or plant growth substances) with some morphogen-like characteristics. Auxins have a main role in coordination of many growth and behavioral processes in the plant's life cycle. they are essential for plant body development. 

Auxins and their role in plant growth were first described by the Dutch scientist Frits Warmolt Went. Kenneth V. Thimann isolated auxin and found its chemical structure to be indole-3-acetic acid (IAA). Went and Thimann co-authored a book on plant hormones, "Phytohormones", in 1937.

There are synthetic auxins, and in big doses they can be used as herbicides. Agent Orange is a mixture of synthetic auxins.

Muse (Grace Jones album)

Muse is the third studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones. The album was release d in September 4, 1979 by Island Records.

"Muse" was the last of Jones's disco and R&B albums that was recorded with producer Tom Moulton. Her first album to feature that sound was with her debut "Portfolio" (1977). After "Muse" Jones moved on to making reggae and electronica sounding albums in the 1980s.





Warm Leatherette (Grace Jones album)

Warm Leatherette is the fourth studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones. The album was released on 9 May 1980 through Island Records.

For the album Jones worked with reggae producers Sly and Robbie. The album is different from Jones' first three albums as they were mainly disco and R&B. This album had reggae and electronica sounds. Chris Blackwell planned to make a record with "a harsh sound that was heavy with Jamaican rhythm".

Side A

Side B




Nightclubbing (Grace Jones album)

Nightclubbing is the fifth studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones, released on May 11, 1981 by Island Records.

The album includes reggae-oriented covers of the songs by Flash and the Pan, Bill Withers, Iggy Pop, and Ástor Piazzolla, as well as several new tracks, three of which were co-written by Jones. The album was Jones' second album to use a reggae, electronica and R&B sound.



2014 Deluxe Edition:

Living My Life (Grace Jones album)

Living My Life is the sixth studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones. The album was released on 7 November 1982 by Island Records.

"Living My Life" was Jones' third reggae, electronica and R&B album. It was also her last album to be recorded using those genres. Her next set of albums would mainly be recorded in a funk and R&B style.

Side A

Side B



Release (music)

In the music industry, a release usually is a creative output from an artist available for sale or distribution. It is a broad term covering the many different forms music can be released in. Music can be released as singles, extended plays or as albums. A popular medium for releases is the Compact Disc (CD).

Musical performers often self-release (self-publish) their recordings without the involvement of an established record label. Some artists or groups who enjoy local or small scale popularity have started their own labels in order to release their music. Others simply sell the music directly to customers. One example is when it is sold at their live concerts. With the growth of the Internet, many musical acts have sold their recordings over the Internet without a record label. Unlike self-publishing a novel, which usually means that publishers did not want to publish it, even well-known musicians will choose to self-release recordings. Music managers are increasingly getting involved in music releases.

The word can also mean the event at which an album or single is first offered for sale. A release is sometimes called an album launch, or single launch. 


Diane Black

Diane Lynn Black ("née" Warren; born January 16, 1951) is an American politician. She was the U.S. Representative for from 2011 to 2019.

On August 2, 2017, Black announced her intention to run for Governor of Tennessee in the 2018 election. She lost the Republican nomination to businessman Bill Lee in the primaries.


Marsha Blackburn

Marsha Wedgeworth Blackburn (born June 6, 1952) is an American politician. She is the senior United States Senator of Tennessee since January 3, 2019.

A member of the Republican Party, she represented in the United States House of Representatives from 2003 to 2019.

In October 2017, Blackburn announced that she would run for the United States Senate seat being vacated by Bob Corker in the 2018 election. In August 2018, she became the Republican nominee. She defeated Democrat Phil Bredesen.


Peter Roskam

Peter James Roskam (born September 13, 1961) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for , from 2007 to 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party. He lost re-election in 2018 to Sean Casten.

He served as the Chief Deputy Majority Whip from 2011 to 2014, ranking fourth among House Republican leaders. He has also served in the Illinois Senate and the Illinois House of Representatives. He was Chairman of the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Oversight.


Benjamin A. Gilman

Benjamin Arthur "Ben" Gilman (December 6, 1922 – December 17, 2016) was an American politician. He was a Republican United States Representative from New York.

He was born in Poughkeepsie, New York. Gilman graduated from Middletown High School in Middletown, New York in 1941 and received a B.S. from the Wharton School Finance at the University of Pennsylvania in 1946. He also earned an LL.B. from New York Law School. Gilman served in the United States Army Air Corps from 1942 until 1945 during World War II.

He was elected to Congress in 1972 to represent New York's 26th congressional district, defeating John G. Dow, a Democratic incumbent who had been serving in the New York's 27th congressional district (which included most of the territory and population of the new 26th district), and served from January 3, 1973 until January 3, 2003. During his time in Congress, he was chair of the House Committee on International Relations (104th through 106th Congresses).

Gilman has been married three times, to the former Jane Prizant (1927–2000), a lawyer and daughter of a well-known actor of the Yiddish theater (), Rita Kelhofer, and Georgia Tingus. He had five children.

Gilman died at a hospital in Wappingers Falls, New York on December 17, 2016 from complications of hip surgery, aged 94


Levent Kırca

Zeki Levent Kırca (September 28, 1948 – October 12, 2015) was a Turkish comedian, stage and movie actor. He was a columnist of the newspaper "Aydınlık". He was also a politician of the left-wing Patriotic Party ().

Kırca was born in Samsun on September 28, 1948. He died of liver cancer in Istanbul on October 12, 2015.

Abdallah Kigoda

Abdallah Omar Kigoda (25 November 1953 – 12 October 2015) was a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Handeni constituency. He served from 1995 to 2015. He served as the Minister of Industry and Trade.

Kigoda died on 12 October 2015 while undergoing treatment in India for cancer, aged 61.

Sarepta, Louisiana

Sarepta is a town in Webster Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Homer, Louisiana

Homer is the parish seat of Claiborne Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Columbia, Louisiana

Columbia is the parish seat of Caldwell Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Cameron, Louisiana

Cameron is the parish seat of Cameron Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Russia men's national volleyball team

Russia national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of Russia. The team's best achievements are the four Gold Medal olympic in (1964, 1968, 1980, 2012) and six Gold Medal world championship in (1949, 1952, 1960, 1962, 1978, 1982).



Thibodaux, Louisiana

Thibodaux is a city in the U.S. state of Louisiana. It is the parish seat of Lafourche Parish. This is in the northwestern part of the parish.

The population was 15,948 at the 2020 census. 

Asterisk

The asterisk (*) is a snowflake-like typographic symbol or glyph. 

It is so-called because it looks like an image of a star. Computer scientists and mathematicians often speak it as star. Example: "the A* search algorithm". 

In English, an asterisk is usually five-pointed or six-pointed in typefaces, and six- or eight-pointed when handwritten. It can be used as censorship. It is also used on the internet to correct one's spelling, in which case it appears after the correct word.

Typeface

In typography, a typeface is a family of fonts. Every glyph in a typeface shares certain design features. Typefaces have names, such as "Times New Roman", "Garamond", "Baskerville".

Every font of a typeface has specific details (such as size and weight) and is used in a particular way. The reason for having different fonts is to give the designer or printer choices which suit various needs. The most basic of all needs is to have the text legible and readable.

There are many versions of typefaces which are out of copyright. "ITC Garamond" is a different typeface from "Adobe Garamond" or "Monotype Garamond". These are all versions of the typeface Garamond, originally created in the 16th century. There are thousands of different typefaces in existence, with new ones being developed constantly.

The art and craft of designing typefaces is called "type design". In digital typography, type designers are sometimes also called "font developers" or "font designers".

Every typeface is a collection of glyphs, each of which represents an individual letter, number, punctuation mark, or other symbol. There are typefaces tailored for special applications, such as map-making or astrology and mathematics.

A very widely used typeface is "Times New Roman". This is a serif typeface commissioned by the British newspaper "The Times" in 1931. This typeface was later adapted for use in book printing, and again for use as a computer face. There are now many different versions of this typeface.


Amleto

Amleto is an Italian opera in four acts, music by Franco Faccio and libretto by Arrigo Boito, after William Shakespeare's play "Hamlet". It was first performed in Genoa, on May 30, 1865, and a revised was performed in Milan, on February 12, 1871. It was revived in 2014 in Baltimore (Maryland) and also performed in 2016 at the Bregenzer Festspiele.




Hinglish

Hinglish (हिंगलिश) is a language that combines words from the English language with those of South Asia. The name Hinglish itself is a portmanteau of "Hindi" and "English". It is spoken on the Indian subcontinent and the United Kingdom. It borrows words from other languages such as Punjabi, Urdu and Hindi. At first it was spoken only by what Indians refer to as "ABCDs" (American-Born Confused Desi). Now it is spoken by about 350 million speakers. It is heard on television and in advertisements in India. Coca-Cola's ad in Hinglish is "Life ho to aisi" (Life should be like this). Pepsi's ad is "Yeh Dil Maange More" (the heart wants more). Domino's Pizza asks "Hungry kya?" (Are you hungry?). It has become a hybrid language many Indians speak naturally and without giving it any thought. 

The first book written in Hinglish, "All we need is Love", is by Richa Devesar. It was published in March of 2015.

<br>

Sorry I'm Late (album)

Sorry I'm Late is the second studio album by English recording artist Cher Lloyd. It was released on 23 May 2014 by Epic Records, Syco Music and Mr. Kanani. Lloyd herself co-wrote five songs on the tracklist, working with new producers and songwriters such as Beth Ditto and Tove Lo. It is her last album released through Epic and Syco.

On 16 October 2013, Lloyd told "Billboard" that the title of her second studio album is "Sorry I'm Late". She explained, "I think it has two meanings. [...] It's been a long time since I've actually done anything new, but for me, it's as a person. I mean, I've spent a whole lot of time trying to figure out who I am, and I think everybody goes through that." Lloyd confirmed that "Sorry I'm Late", which was originally due for release in November, was pushed back until early 2014, despite the record being done.

The explicit version of the album artwork depicts Lloyd smoking while sitting in a bathtub; censored pressings of the record remove the smoke.


Lamar Odom

Lamar Joseph Odom (born November 6, 1979) is an American basketball player. His team, the Los Angeles Lakers, won the NBA Championships in 2009 and 2010. He has also played basketball for the Dallas Mavericks, Miami Heat and the Spanish team Laboral Kutxa.

Odom was born in South Jamaica, Queens. Between 2009 and 2013 he was married to television star Khloe Kardashian. The couple has since split.

On October 13, 2015, Odom was hospitalized after being discovered unconscious at the Love Ranch South brothel in Crystal, Nevada. He was in a coma and placed on life support in a hospital in Las Vegas for a few days before regaining consciousness. He had suffered several strokes and kidney failure. He was transferred from Las Vegas to a Los Angeles hospital by medical transport.

<br>

Christian Democrats (Sweden)

The Christian Democrats (, KD) is a Christian democratic political party in Sweden. The party was founded in 1964. It did not enter parliament until 1985 in an electoral cooperation with the Centre Party. They entered on the Christian Democrats' own accord in 1991. The leader since 25 April 2015 is Ebba Busch Thor. She succeeded Göran Hägglund, who had been the party's leader since 2004. The four most important issues for the party are:


The party name was for a long time abbreviated KDS until 1996, when the new abbreviation became KD. This was because the name changed from the "Christian Democratic Unity" to the "Christian Democrats".

The Christian Democrats were a minor party in the centre-right Alliance coalition government led by Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt until his resignation in 2014.

Fashion week

A fashion week is a fashion industry event lasting about one week. This is where fashion designers, brands or "houses" show their latest clothing in runway shows to buyers and the media. These events let the rest of the industry know what's "in" and what's "out" for the season.

The most prominent fashion weeks are held in the four fashion capitals of the world. These are the New York, London, Milan and Paris. 

Other notable fashion events are held in cities around the world. These include Berlin (Berlin Fashion Week) and São Paulo (São Paulo Fashion Week), among many others.

<br>

Bluehenge

Bluestonehenge or Bluehenge (also known as West Amesbury Henge) is a prehistoric henge and stone circle monument.
It was discovered by the Stonehenge Riverside Project about south-east of Stonehenge in Wiltshire, England. All that remains of the site is the ditch of the henge and a series of stone settings, none of which is visible above ground.

Excavation revealed two flint chisel arrowheads in a style commonly used during 3400-2500 BC. The stones have been put up in that period. It is estimated that there may have been as many as 27 stones in a circle 33 feet (10 m) wide.

The site was excavated in August 2008 and again in August 2009. It is considered an important find by archaeologists.

The name "Bluestonehenge" is from the small stone chips found in some of the stone settings. These bluestones are also found in Stonehenge and consist of a wide range of rock types originally from Pembrokeshire West Wales, some away. Archaeologists think any bluestones in the circle may have been removed around 2500 BC and used at Stonehenge, which had major rebuilding at about that time.

The stone circle settings were surrounded by a henge, comprising an ditch and outer bank which appears to date from approximately 2400 BC.

2014 FIFA World Cup Group B

Group B of the 2014 FIFA World Cup consisted of Spain, the Netherlands, Chile, and Australia. This group contained the finalists of 2010 FIFA World Cup: Spain (reigning champion) and the Netherlands (runners-up). Play began on 13 June and ended on 23 June 2014. The Netherlands and Chile progressed to the knockout stage, while Australia and Spain were eliminated after suffering two defeats in their opening two matches. Chile was eliminated by Brazil in the second round after penalties, while the Netherlands made their way to the semi-finals in which they lost to Argentina on penalties. The third place match was won by the Netherlands with a convincing 3–0 victory against Brazil.


Anna Pendleton Schenck

Anna Pendleton Schenck (January 8, 1874 - April 29, 1915) was an architect. She was the business partner of Marcia Mead (1879-1967) and they started the first female architectural firm in New York City in 1914. They were successful from the very start. They won the City Club prize which gave them national recognition. 

She was born on January 8, 1874 in Brooklyn, New York to Noah Hunt Schenck and Ann Pierce Pendleton. 

She attended Columbia University and was one of the first female graduates.

She died on April 29, 1915 at New York Hospital.

Eloise Blaine Cram

Eloise Blaine Cram (June 11, 1896 - February 9, 1957) was in charge of the parasites of poultry section of the zoological division of the Bureau of Animal Industry at the United States Department of Agriculture.

She was born in Davenport, Iowa on June 11, 1896 to Ralph Warren Cram (1869-1952) and Mary Belle Laventure (1874-1948). She graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Chicago in 1919. She was awarded her Ph.D. from George Washington University in 1925. In 1920 became a zoologist for the Bureau of Animal Industry (BAI) specializing in the parasites of poultry. In 1936 she went to work for the Zoology Laboratory at the National Institutes of Health. She died in San Diego, California on February 9, 1957.

 

Mary Margaret O'Reilly

Mary Margaret O'Reilly (October 14, 1865 - December 6, 1949) was the acting director of the Mints and Assay Office of the United States Department of the Treasury and later assistant treasurer. She was known as the "sweetheart of the Treasury".

She was born on October 14, 1865 in Springfield, Massachusetts. She started work at the mint in 1904.

A presidential executive order allowed her to work past her mandated retirement age. 

She retired at age 73 in 1938. She died in Washington, D.C. on December 6, 1949.

Judy Lee Klemesrud

Judy Lee Klemesrud (June 11, 1939 - October 12, 1985) was a writer for "The New York Times" from 1966 till her death in 1985.

Klemesrud was born in Thompson, Iowa to Glee (1909-1986) and Theo S. Klemesrud (1902-1995). She had a brother, Tom Theo Klemesrud and a sister, Candace K. Klemesrud (1947-1989). Her father owned the "Thompson Courier" and the "Rake Register" in Iowa.

Klemesrud attended the University of Iowa from 1958 until she graduated in 1961. She later went to Columbia University to attend the School of Journalism. While attending the University of Iowa, she worked as an editor at "The Daily Iowan". She then spent 4 years as a reporter for the "Chicago Daily News". She worked at "The New York Times" from 1966 until her death in 1985. She also wrote for such magazines as: "Esquire", "Cosmopolitan", "Ladies' Home Journal", "Redbook", and "The New York Times Magazine".

Klemesrud died of cancer in 1985 at the age of 46.

Adam Kinzinger

Adam Daniel Kinzinger (born February 27, 1978) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative from Illinois between 2011 to 2023. He is a member of the Republican Party.

After President Donald Trump lost in the 2020 presidential election, Kinzinger became known for his criticisms Trump's claims of voter fraud and attempts to overturn the results. 

Kinzinger was one of the 10 Republicans who voted to impeach Trump for incitement of insurrection in his second impeachment. He was one of only two Republicans to vote to create a select committee to investigate the 2021 United States Capitol attack.

On October 29, 2021, Kinzinger announced he would not be running for Congress in 2022.


Sue Lloyd-Roberts

Susan Ann "Sue" Lloyd-Roberts CBE (27 October 1950 – 13 October 2015) was a British television journalist. She worked for BBC programs and, earlier in her career, worked for ITN.

Lloyd-Roberts died on 13 October 2015 at University College Hospital in London from leukemia, aged 64.

Nurlan Balgimbayev

Nurlan Utebovich Balgimbayev (20 November 1947 – 14 October 2015) was the Prime Minister of Kazakhstan from 10 October 1997 to 1 October 1999. He was the President of the Kazakhstan Oil Investment Company from February 2002.

On 14 October 2015, Balgimbayev died in Atyrau at the age of 68 of cancer.

Ryan Zinke

Ryan Keith Zinke (born November 1, 1961) is an American politician. He is member of the Republican Party. He is the member of the United States House of Representatives for Montana's 1st congressional district since 2023. He was the 52nd United States Secretary of the Interior from 2017 to 2019.

Zinke served as a member of the Montana State Senate, representing Senate District 2 from 2009 to 2011. He was the Republican congressman for Montana's at-large congressional district having won in the 2014 election. He resigned as a U.S. representative on March 1, 2017.

On December 15, 2018, President Donald Trump announced that Zinke would leave the position as Interior Secretary by the end of 2018. He left the office on January 2, 2019.

Zinke was born in Bozeman, Montana and raised in Whitefish. He is the son of Jean Montana (Harlow) Petersen and Ray Dale Zinke, a plumber.

Zinke earned a B.S. in geology in 1984 at the University of Oregon. Zinke later earned an M.B.A. from National University in 1993 and an M.S. in global leadership from the University of San Diego in 2003.

In Congress, Zinke has supported the deployment of U.S. ground troops to combat ISIL, "abandoning" the Affordable Care Act, and cutting regulations. He supported a Republican effort to repeal the estate tax.

Zinke "frequently votes against environmentalists on issues ranging from coal extraction to oil and gas drilling" and received a 3 percent rating from the League of Conservation Voters.

On December 13, 2016, President-elect Donald Trump picked Zinke for the position of United States Secretary of the Interior. Zinke was confirmed on March 1, 2017, becoming the first Navy SEAL to occupy a Cabinet position.

As Secretary, Zinke opened more federal lands for oil, gas and mineral exploration and extraction. Zinke's spendings as Secretary of the Interior, which included expensive flights, raised ethical questions and controversy, and were investigated by the Interior Department’s Office of Inspector General. On October 30, 2018, the investigation into Zinke was referred to the Justice Department by Interior's Inspector General.

Trump announced on December 15, 2018, that Zinke would leave his post by the end of 2018. He was replaced by his deputy David Bernhardt.

On April 29, 2021 it was reported that Zinke had filed to run for Montana's newly reformed 2nd congressional district. He was elected to the U.S. House in November 2022.

Zinke has been married to Lolita Hand. They have three children. Zinke is Lutheran.


Clare Tree Major

Clare Tree Major (1880 - October 10, 1954) was an English American actress, author, and stage director. She started the Children's Theatre of New York in 1924.

She was born in 1880 in England. She migrated to the United States in 1914. In 1924 she started the Children's Theatre of New York. In 1925 she produced the play The Little Poor Man.

She died on October 10, 1954.


Gleipnir

In Norse mythology, Gleipnir was the third chain used to tie up Fenrir, the wolf. Fenrir was the son of Loki and Angrboða, the giantess. The first two chains, named Lædingr and Dromi, were forged by Thor and did not hold him. Gleipnir was created by the sons of Ivaldi and did hold Fenrir. It was as thin as spider's silk. Gleipnir was made from six things: 

This was probably used to explain why all of those things are impossible.

The gods lured Fenrir to the island of Lyngvi. They challenged him to be bound by Gleipnir. To show Fenrir it was no trick, Týr put his hand in Fenrir's mouth. When he could not break Gleipnir's grip on him and they refused to let him out, Fenrir naturally bit off Týr's hand. Fenrir was to remain bound by Gleipnir until Ragnarök (the final great battle of the gods).

Eliseo Arredondo

Eliseo Arredondo de la Garza (May 5, 1870 - October 18, 1923) was a Mexican lawyer, politician and diplomat. He was the interim governor of the Mexican state of Coahuila and the Secretary of the Interior during the presidency of Venustiano Carranza in 1914. He was appointed the Ambassador of Mexico to the United States in 1916.

Arredondo was born on May 5, 1870 in Nava, Coahuila. He was a cousin of Venustiano Carranza. 

Arredondo was appointed as the Secretary of the Interior during the presidency of Venustiano Carranza in 1914. He was appointed the Ambassador of Mexico to the United States in 1916.

Arredondo died on October 18, 1923 in Mexico City.

End zone

The end zone refers to the scoring area on the field, according to gridiron-based codes of football. It is the area between the end line and goal line bounded by the sidelines. There are two end zones. Each one is on an opposite side of the field. It is bordered on all sides by a white line indicating its beginning and end points. Usually padded orange square markers are placed at each of the four corners as a visual aid. Canadian rule books use the terms "goal area" and "dead line" instead of "end zone" and "end line" respectively. But the latter terms are the more common in Canadian English. In American football the end zone is 10 yards deep. Canadian football end zones are 20 yards; 10 yards deeper than those in American football. Sports like association football and ice hockey require the puck or ball to pass completely over the goal line to count as a score. Canadian and American football merely need the nose of the ball to break the vertical plane of the outer edge of the goal line.

Chris Knight

Chris Knight is an American country music singer from Slaughters, Kentucky. In 1997 Decca Records released his self-titled debut album.

<br>

Red-and-green macaw

The red-and-green macaw ("Ara chloropterus"), is a large mostly-red macaw of the "Ara" genus. This is the largest bird of the "Ara" genus. It is commonly found in the forests and woodlands of northern and central South America. They are found in flocks of 30 or more birds in the lowland areas. On forested slopes they form smaller flocks of two to three pairs. The flock roosts in trees at night. During the day they fly long distances to find fruit and seeds to eat. They spend a good part of the day resting, noisily arguing among themselves. Like other macaws, in recent years there has been a decline in its numbers due to habitat loss. They are hunted for food, feathers or are illegally captured for the parrot trade.

<br>

Baku Zoo

Baku Zoo () is a state zoo in Baku. It is the oldest zoo in Azerbaijan. When it opened in 1928, it was in Lunacharski Park. In 1942 it was moved to its present location. It belongs to the Ministry of Culture and Tourism of Azerbaijan and to the Municipality of Baku city. The total area of the zoo is . The zoo is currently home to over 1,200 animals. There are over 160 species. It will soon be replaced by a new zoo near Güzdək on the Absheron Peninsula. The new larger zoo will house the animals in their natural surroundings.

Kenneth D. Taylor

Kenneth Douglas "Ken" Taylor, OC (October 5, 1934 – October 15, 2015) was a Canadian diplomat, educator and businessman. He was best known for his role in the 1979 covert operation called the "Canadian Caper" which helped free some hostages during the Iran hostage crisis.

Taylor died in New York City from colon cancer at the age of 81.


Robert M. White

Robert Mayer "Bob" White (February 13, 1923 – October 14, 2015) was an American meteorologist and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's first administrator from 1970 to 1977. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. White was also the director of the United States Weather Bureau from 1963 to 1965, director of the Environmental Science Services Administration from 1965 to 1970, president of the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research from 1980 to 1983, and president of the National Academy of Engineering from 1983 to 1995.

Nate Huffman

Nathaniel Thomas Huffman (April 2, 1975 – October 15, 2015) was an American professional basketball player. He played most of his career outside of the United States with Maccabi Tel Aviv. Huffman played for the Toronto Raptors from 2002 through 2003.

On September 29, 2015, Huffman announced that he had stage 4 bladder cancer and his "condition is terminal". He died on October 15, 2015.

Michael McCaul

Michael Thomas McCaul, Sr. (born January 14, 1962) is the U.S. Representative for , serving since 2005. Since the beginning of the 113th Congress, he has been the Chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security. He is a member of the Republican Party.


Elbert Glover

Elbert Glover is a researcher and writer. He mainly writes about tobacco addiction. He is the director of the Tobacco Research Center at the West Virginia University.

Dither fish

Dither fish are aquarium fish used by cichlid owners to make some species of cichlids less afraid. 

Dither fish usually swim around the top of a fish tank. This behavior makes afraid fish less afraid. Fish that are not afraid hide less. The scared fish think (correctly) that no predators are in the tank. 

The technique is based on the ability of cichlids in an aquarium to use the behaviour of other fish species as a sign that the place they are in is safe. Good dither fish are usually schooling species, such as some "Danio" species, barbs and some tetra species.

Obsidian Entertainment

Obsidian Entertainment is an American video game developer. It was ed in 2003 after the closure of Black Isle Studios.

LucasArts

LucasArts Entertainment Company, LLC is an American video game publisher and licensor. Until 2013, it was also a video game developer.

The company was founded in May 1982 as Lucasfilm Games, the video game development group of Lucasfilm Limited, the film production company of George Lucas.

Lucasfilm Games could not develop "Star Wars" games in its early years because Atari had the license for "Star Wars" and because of that, Lucasfilm Games had to develop unique games and had their first projects published by other companies. Lucasfilm's early titles include: "Ballblazer" and "Rescue on Fractalus" both games were released in 1984, "Koronis rift" released in 1985.

In 1987, Lucasfilm Games created the SCUMM engine which stands for <nowiki>"Script Creation Utility for Maniac Mansion" which would be used in many of LucasArt'</nowiki>s future adventure games. The SCUMM engine was first developed for the game "Maniac Mansion" which was released in 1987.

On October 30, 2012, LucasArts was acquired by The Walt Disney Company through the acquisition of its parent company Lucasfilm in a deal for $4.05 billion.

Lake County, Illinois

Lake County is a county in northeast Illinois. As of the 2020 census, the population was 714,342. Some of the main cities are Waukegan and Libertyville.

Slave to the Rhythm (Grace Jones album)

Slave to the Rhythm is the seventh studio album by Jamican singer Grace Jones, released on 28 October 1985 by Island Records.

Planned as "a biography" in the album's booklet, "Slave to the Rhythm" is a concept album, produced by ZTT Records founder and producer Trevor Horn. "Slave to the Rhythm" was released in 1985, three years after her last album "Living My Life" as she had taken a break and began to act in movies such as "Conan the Destroyer" in 1984 and in the James Bond film "A View to Kill" in 1985. The album was her first set of funk and R&B albums.

Side A

Side B




Burning of Parliament

The Burning of Parliament was a great fire in London on 16 October 1834. The Palace of Westminster, the medieval royal palace used as the home of the British parliament, was largely destroyed. The blaze was caused by the burning of small wooden tally sticks. They had been used as part of the accounting procedures of the Exchequer until 1826. The sticks were disposed of in a careless manner. They were thrown in the two furnaces under the House of Lords, which caused a chimney fire in the two flues that ran under the floor of the Lords' chamber. The fire smoldered under the floor for most of the day. The senile housekeeper and a careless Clerk of Works ignored all the warning signs of the pending disaster. This led the Prime Minister to call it "one of the greatest instances of stupidity upon record". 

The fire spread rapidly throughout the buildings. It became the worst fire to occur in London between the Great Fire of 1666 and the Blitz of the Second World War. the event attracted large crowds which included several artists who provided pictorial records of the event. The fire lasted for most of the night. The House of Lords and the House of Commons were destroyed along with most of their libraries, art collections and records.

John Soane

Sir John Soane (10 September 1753 – 20 January 1837) was an English architect. He was knighted in 1831. He was the greatest architect of his day. His house in Lincoln's Inn Fields is now Sir John Soane's Museum and is open to the public. On 15 November 1821 Soane was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society.

Goring-on-Thames

Goring-on-Thames is a village and civil parish in South Oxfordshire.

South Oxfordshire

South Oxfordshire is a district in Oxfordshire, England. About 140,000 people live in South Oxfordshire. It was created on 1 April 1974.

William Whitelaw (Perth MP)

William Whitelaw (Perth MP) (28th June 1918 - 1 July 1999) was a Conservative politician from Scotland. He served some Cabinet positions such as Home Secretary and deputy leader of the British Conservative Party during Margaret Thatcher's time as PM. 

Whitelaw was likely appointed by Thatcher in some positions to get the Scottish to vote for her as he was Scottish and Thatcher was very unpopular in the area.

William Whitelaw, 1st Viscount Whitelaw

William Stephen Ian Whitelaw, 1st Viscount Whitelaw was a politician and a deputy prime minister from England, sometimes known as Willie Whitelaw. He held a number of roles in the cabinet of Margaret Thatcher during her time as Prime Minister.

Angus Deaton

Angus Deaton (born 19 October 1945) is a Scottish economist. He is from Edinburgh. He won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences. He attended Fettes College. He has two children. He also went to Princeton University and the University of Bristol.


Elizabeth Ramsey

Elizabeth Ramsey (December 3, 1931 – October 8, 2015) was a Filipina comedian, actress and singer. She was known for her trademark Visayan-accented dialogues. She performed them in English and Tagalog. She was regarded as the Philippines' Queen of Rock and Roll. She became famous in 1958 after winning a singing contest in "Student Canteen".

Ramsey was born in San Carlos City, Negros Occidental. She died from a sudden hyperglycemic attack at age 83.

Skhid

“Skhid” - journal of analysis and new ideas (). From 1995 to 2014 the Journal was published in Donetsk (Ukraine). From the late 2014 to date it has been published in Mariupol of Donetsk Region (Ukraine). Profile: “Skhid” highlights the results of research in economics, history and philosophy. Languages of the publication: Ukrainian, Russian and English. Periodicity: 6 issues a year.

During the years of activity (1995-2019) the journal managed to attract authoritative authorship while providing opportunities for young authors to publish research results.

Scientometrics: INDEX COPERNICUS VALUE (ICV) 2015 - 64,77 2014 - 64.29


Island Life (Grace Jones album)

Island Life is the first greatest hits album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones, it released in December 1985. It includes songs from her first seven albums. The albums' artwork is Jones' is her most iconic artwork. The album was later re-released in 1996 under the name of "Island Life 2" and included two remixes of a new song called "Sex Drive" which was originally going to appear on a album called "Black Marilyn" which was due out in the 1990s but never got released.

Side A

Side B
Notes: 7" edits of "Do or Die", "Pull Up to the Bumper" and "Slave to the Rhythm" are included. "Love Is the Drug" appears in Eric "E.T." Thorngren's remix.

Side A

Side B

Inside Story (Grace Jones album)

Inside Story is the eighth studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones, released on November 14, 1986 by Manhattan Records, it was her only album to be released on that label.

Released under new contract with Manhattan Records, for "Inside Story" Jones worked with the music producer Nile Rodgers of Chic (Jones had previously tried to work with the band during her disco era.) The release of "Inside Story" was Manhattan Records' "most extensive marketing and merchandising campaign ever".

All songs were written by Grace Jones and Bruce Woolley.

Side A

Side B



Stella Glow

The game features character designs by Ideolo and Masato Shako, music created by and Shunsuke Tsuchiya, and the voices and singing talents of , , among others.

Like Imageepoch's earlier game series "", "Stella Gow" is tactical role-playing game where the player moves characters under his or her control on a grid and fight against an opposing team of characters or creatures. The battle grid possesses varied elevations and is presented from a top-down .

Witch characters possess "song magic", which they use in combat. Before a witch's song magic can be used, it must first be unlocked by the player. The player must enter a witch and defeat a boss creature inside.

Players also have access to "Free Time", which they have use to speak to characters, partake in jobs in order to earn money, enhance the skills of witches via "tuning", or search the city for items. Partaking in these activities costs "action points", and players only have access to three action points to spend during each "Free Time" session. other activities, such as buying equipment and "orbs" for characters, do not cost action points.

"Stella Glow" takes place in a world with song-driven magic. This song magic brought prosperity to the world, but in turn, this prosperity also brought problems and war to the world. God then took song magic away from the people. Thousands of years later, song magic reappeared in the hands of five witches. One of these witches is Hilda, who wishes to crystallize the world and leads the Harbingers. Opposing her are the Regnant Knights and the four other witches.

Alto is the main protagonist and a resident of Mithra, along with Lisette. When Mithra is crystallized, Alto joined Regnant Knights in order to undo the damage done to his home.


 announced the development of "Stella Glow" in October 2014 and its release was meant to coincide with Imageepoch's 10th anniversary.

Hideyuki Mizutani produced the game, and Dai Oba directed it. Ideolo and Masato Shakado created the artwork. Several voice actors contributed to over twenty different Song Magic tracks.

In November 2014, Imageepoch completed development on "Stella Glow".

When Imageepoch encountered problems with sells and marketing, Imageepoch approached Sega, and in March 2015, Sega announced that it would publish the game.

In May 2015, Imageepoch filed for bankruptcy.

On May 20, Sega released a demo for "Stella Glow" on Japan's .

On June 5, 2015, Sega released "Stella Glow" in Japan.

On June 15th, Atlus announced that it would be releasing an English version to a North American audience by the holiday season. Atlus had Konomi Suzuki record an English version of "Stella Glow"'s opening theme "Hikari no Metamorphopsis" for the North American release.

On October 27th, Atlus released a demo for the English language version to the North American Nintendo eShop.

For the North American release, Atlus created a special launch edition of the game. Include in this package is a collectible outer box, a soundtrack, a cloth poster, and charm depicting Bubu, a pig-like mascot character.

Atlus also created an exclusive theme for those who purchased a digital copy of the game through the Nintendo eShop. This special theme features the witches Hilda, Lisette, Popo, Sakuya, Mordimort on the upper screen and Bubu on the lower screen.


Bulletproof Heart (Grace Jones album)

Bulletproof Heart is the ninth studio album by Jamaican recording artist Grace Jones, it was released on October 13, 1989 by Capitol Records, it was her first album on the label. It would be her last album until 2008's "Hurricane".

On "Bulletproof Heart" Jones would work with producer Chris Stanley, who at that time had become her first husband.

"Bulletproof Heart" met with negative reviews, with critic Robert Christgau calling it "incongruous".

Notes: All songs were written by Grace Jones and Chris Stanley, except where noted. "Crack Attack" features rapper Freedom, and "Don't Cry Freedom" is a duet with Chris Stanley, although they're not credited as such in track listing on the album sleeve.

Side A

Side B





The Ultimate (Grace Jones album)

The Ultimate is a second greatest hits album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones released in 1993. The album would have the same songs as her 1985 "Island Life" greatest hits album, as well as four other songs. "The Ultimate" was released only in the Netherlands, where it enjoyed success.


Note: Edits of "Slave to the Rhythm", "Do or Die" and "The Fashion Show" are included.


Edward the Exile

Edward the Exile (17 January 1016 — 19 April 1057) also known as Edward the Atheling was the heir apparent to the Kingdom of England. He was the oldest child of King Edmund II of England and Ealdgyth. He spended most of his life in exile in Hungary following his father being killed at the Battle of Assandun during Cnut the Great's invasion of England in 1016.

After the Danish conquest of England in 1016, Canute had Edward and his brother, Edmund, sent to the Swedish court of Olof Skötkonung. Edward was a baby at the time. Canute's agents apparently had orders to have the children murdered. But they were quickly taken to Hungary where neither Canut or his agents could reach them. He was brought up at the Hungarian court. Edward married Agatha, a relative of Emperor Henry II. 

Edward the Confessor, King of England, had no children. Edward, his nephew, was his nearest living relative. The King wanted to make Edward his heir. In 1057, the king's messengers reached Edward living in Hungary. Edward agreed to return to England and in 1057 arrived in London with his family. But a few days after their arrival Edward was killed.

He and Agatha had three children, Edgar the Atheling, Margaret of Scotland and Cristina, Abbess of Romsey Abbey. In the summer of 1068 his son Edgar took his mother and sisters and escaped to Scotland.

<br>

Tribes of Arabia

The following is a list of tribes of Arab people from the geo-cultural region of Arabia.




I'll Remember

"I'll Remember" is a song by American singer Madonna, it was released on March 8, 1994 by Warner Bros Records. It went to number one in Canada and Italy and number two in the United States. It was from the 1994 movie "With Honors".




2014-15 Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball

The 2014–15 Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team represented the University of Kentucky in their 39th season. They played their home games at the Rupp Arena. The team was led by John Calipari for 6 seasons in a row.

The 2014-2015 team won all 31 games in the regular season, similar to what the Witchita State team did the year before. They were the first team in NCAA basketball to begin a season with a record of 38-0 (38 wins and no losses). After the regular season, the 2014-2015 team made it to the Final Four, playing against the Wisconsin Badgers for the second year in a row. The Final Four tournament was held in Indianapolis. 

The 2014-2015 Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team lost to Wisconsin in the Final Four, finishing their season 38-1, so they did not have a perfect record and were not the champions that year.

Max Domi

Maxwell Johannes Domi (born March 2, 1995) is a Canadian ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Columbus Blue Jackets. He also played for the Arizona Coyotes and Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba and grew up in Toronto, Ontario. His father Tie Domi also played in the NHL for 16 years.

Before playing in the NHL, Domi played 1 season with the St. Michael's Buzzers of the Ontario Junior Hockey League (OJHL) and 4 seasons with the London Knights of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). On September 23, 2011, Domi made his OHL debut. He scored a hat-trick and an assist in a 8–0 win over the Saginaw Spirit. He helped the Knights win the OHL Championship in 2012 and also won a bronze medal with Team Ontario at the 2012 World U-17 Hockey Challenge.

Domi won a gold medal with Team Canada at the 2012 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament. He helped the Knights win their second OHL Championship in a row and won gold with Team Canada at the 2015 World Junior Ice Hockey Championship. He was named Best Forward of thew tournament.

He was drafted 12th overall by the Phoenix Coyotes in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. He signed a three-year entry level contract with the Coyotes on July 14, 2013. On October 10, 2015, Domi made his NHL debut with the Arizona Coyotes and scored his first NHL goal in a 4–1 win over the Los Angeles Kings.

Domi was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes. He wears the jersey number 16 in homage to Bobby Clarke, a hockey player who also had the disease.


Presumption of innocence

The presumption of innocence, is sometimes referred to by the Latin expression Ei incumbit probatio qui dicit, non qui negat (the burden of proof is on the one who declares, not on one who denies). It is the principle that one is considered innocent unless proven guilty. In many nations, presumption of innocence is a legal right of the accused in a criminal trial. It is also regarded as an international human right under the UN's Universal Declaration of Human Rights, article 11. and International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, article 14. This places the burden of proof on the prosecution. They have to collect and present enough compelling evidence to convince the trier of fact (a jury or judge) that the accused is guilty beyond reasonable doubt. If reasonable doubt remains, the accused is to be ted. Under Justinian Codes and English Common law, the accused is presumed innocent in criminal proceedings. In civil proceedings (like breach of contract) both sides must issue proof. Under Anglo-American Common Law, the accused is always presumed innocent in all types of proceedings. Proof is always the of the accuser. Sharia law, also called Islamic Law, is the third most common type of law in the world. It also has a presumption of innocence. 


Grey-crested finch

The grey-crested finch ("Lophospingus griseocristatus") is a bird that can be found in Argentina and Bolivia.

Hold Me (Teddy Pendergrass &amp; Whitney Houston song)

"Hold Me" is a 1984 recording of a song performed as a duet by Teddy Pendergrass and Whitney Houston. The ballad is on both Teddy Pendergrass' 1984 album "Love Language", from which it was released as a single, and Whitney Houston's 1985 self-titled debut album.

The original arrangement of the song, titled as "In Your Arms", written by Linda Creed & Michael Masser, is on Diana Ross's 1982 album "Silk Electric", under the name "In Your Arms".

Greatest Love of All

"The Greatest Love of All" is a song written by Michael Masser and Linda Creed and originally recorded by George Benson for the 1977 Muhammad Ali biopic "The Greatest". (A live version by Benson appears on 1978's Weekend in L.A.). The song was also recorded in 1979 by Shirley Bassey, for her album "The Magic Is You".

The song was further popularized by Whitney Houston under the title "Greatest Love of All". The song was recorded by the American recording artist for her debut album, self-titled "Whitney Houston", which was released in February 1985, by Arista Records.

Creed wrote the lyrics in the midst of her struggle with breast cancer. The words describe her feelings about coping with great challenges that one must face in life, being strong during those challenges whether you succeed or fail, and passing that strength on to children to carry with them into their adult lives. Creed eventually succumbed to the disease in April 1986 at the age of 37; at the time her song was an international hit by Houston.

The song became a major hit, topping the charts in Australia, Canada and the US, while reaching the top 20 in most countries, including Italy, Sweden and UK. It remains her third biggest US hit, after "I Will Always Love You" and "I Wanna Dance with Somebody (Who Loves Me)". All three songs, in order of their former popularity, re-entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, after Houston's death, debuting the same week at numbers 7, 35 and 41, respectively, giving Houston three posthumous chart hits.

Clive Davis, founder of Houston's label Arista Records, was initially against Houston recording the song for her debut studio album, "Whitney Houston", but he eventually gave in after persuasion from Houston and Masser. It was released as the B-side to the single "You Give Good Love", a previous Top 5 hit by Houston. The song was eventually released as a single in its own right. The song, released on March 18, 1986, was the seventh release from Houston's debut album, and spent three weeks at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in May of that year.

Houston's album version features a piano intro, while the single version begins with a keyboard intro. After the single became a success, it replaced the original album version on subsequent pressings of the album. However, the original version was restored for the 2010 Deluxe Anniversary Edition reissue of the album.

Saving All My Love for You

"Saving All My Love for You" is a 1985 song written by Michael Masser and Gerry Goffin with arrangement by Gene Page. It was originally a minor hit for Marilyn McCoo and Billy Davis Jr. in 1978 on their album "Marilyn & Billy". A cover of the song was done by American recording artist Whitney Houston, for her album "Whitney Houston", which was released on February 14, 1985 by Arista Records. The song was the second single from the album in the United States and third worldwide.

All at Once (Whitney Houston song)

"All at Once" is a song written by Michael Masser and Jeffrey Osborne and recorded by Whitney Houston. It was released as a single in Japan and several European countries in 1985–1986. While it did not receive an official single release in the United States, the song did receive significant radio airplay there.

It became the first hit for Whitney Houston in the Netherlands in April 1985.

The song is a heartbreak ballad about a lover who leaves without warning and the damage it does. Houston performed the song at the 1987 American Music Awards.

Legal burden of proof

The burden of proof () is a level of proof that a party seeking to prove a fact must reach before it is accepted in a court of law. 

In a criminal case the burden of proof is on the prosecution. A defendant is not required to prove his or her innocence. The standard the prosecution must reach is proof of their version of the facts beyond a reasonable doubt. In a civil trial the burden of proof is on the one bringing the case to court, called the plaintiff. In a civil trial the burden of proof is on the plaintiff. The standard that must be met is that the "preponderance of the evidence" (weight of the evidence) is enough to prove their case. 

If a defendant in a civil or criminal case wants to provide an alternative set of facts to those provided by the prosecution or the plaintiff, this is called an "affirmative defense". This shifts the burden of proof to the defendant to prove his or her version of the facts. The defendant would seek to excuse or justify his or her actions that brought the lawsuit. Common affirmative defenses include entrapment, Self-defense, unclean hands, insanity, and the statute of limitations.

Preponderance of the evidence, also known as the "balance of probabilities" is the standard required in most civil cases. It is also used in family court for determinations solely involving money, such as child support under the Child Support Standards Act.

The standard is met if the proposition is more likely to be true than not true. The standard is satisfied if there is greater than fifty percent chance that the proposition is true. Lord Denning, in "Miller v. Minister of Pensions", described it simply as "more probable than not." Until 1970, this was also the standard used in juvenile court in the United States. This is a far lower burden than "beyond a reasonable doubt," the threshold a prosecutor must meet in criminal trials.

This is the highest standard used as the burden of proof in common law countries. It usually only applies in criminal proceedings. If there is a real doubt, based upon reason and common sense after careful and impartial consideration of all the evidence (or lack of evidence) in a case, then the level of proof has not been met. If the jury, or judge in a bench trial, has no doubt as to the defendant's guilt, or if their only doubts are unreasonable doubts, then the prosecutor has proved the defendant is guilty.

Clinton, Louisiana

Clinton is the parish seat of East Feliciana Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Rebecca Shelley

Rebecca Shelley (January 20, 1887 - January 21, 1984) was a pacifist who lost her American citizenship when she married a German national. She was the publisher of Modern Poultry Breeder.

She was born in Sugar Valley, Pennsylvania on January 20, 1887 to William Alfred Shelly. In 1904 her family moved to Michigan. In 1907 she attended University of Michigan and majored in the German. She graduated Phi Beta Kappa in 1910.

In 1922 she married Felix Martin Rathmer, a German born electrical engineer and she lost her American citizenship. She refused to take the naturalization oath because it contained the phrase "bear arms in defense of the country". She did not regain her citizenship until 1944. She became a widow in 1959. 

She died on January 21, 1984, the day after her birthday, at the Leila Y. Post Montgomery Hospital in Battle Creek, Michigan.


Doctor of Letters

Doctor of Letters (; D.Litt.; Litt.D.; D. Lit.; or Lit. D.) is an academic degree. It is a higher doctorate which, in some countries, may be considered to be beyond the Ph.D. and equal to the Doctor of Science (Sc.D. or D.Sc.). It is awarded in many countries by universities and learned bodies. It is given in recognition of achievement in the humanities, original contribution to the creative arts or scholarship and other merits. Cambridge University requires a candidate to "give proof of distinction by some original contribution to the advancement of science or of learning." When awarded without an application by the conferee, it is awarded as an honorary degree. A Doctor of Letters is a commonly awarded honorary degree.

Dodge Caliber

The Dodge Caliber was a compact hatchback that was sold from 2006 to 2012 by Chrysler. It was often categorized as a station wagon or a crossover (due to its limited AWD). The Caliber was the replacement of the Dodge Neon. It was built on the Chrysler PM/MK platform which was also used on the Jeep Compass, Jeep Patriot, and Mitsubishi models as well. The Caliber was discontinued in 2012 and replaced by the Dodge Dart, which was a badge engineered sedan used on Alfa Romeo models.

Anne-Marie Lizin

Anne-Marie Lizin (5 January 1949 – 17 October 2015) was a Belgian politician. He served as the President of the Senate of Belgium from 2004 to 2007.

From 1970 to 1976 she was an alderman of Ben-Ahin, and from 1980 to 1982 from Huy. From 1983 to 2009 she was mayor of Huy.

In 1979, Lizin was elected as an elected Member of the European Parliament. In 1988, she was elected into the Belgian government, and served in office for eight years. In 2003, she became President of the Commission for External Relations and Defence of the Belgian Senate.

In 2004, she was appointed President of the Senate of Belgium, before finally becoming Senator in July 2007. She was the first female President of the Belgian Senate (2004–2007).

On 27 January 2009 she was banned from the Socialist Party after a corruption case.

Lizin was hospitalized in Paris on 7 October 2015. She later died in Huy, on 17 October 2015 at the age of 66.


Ralph Andrews

Ralph Herrick Andrews (December 17, 1927 – October 16, 2015) was an American television producer. He was best known for producing the hit 1960s game show "You Don't Say!", the 1970s game show "Celebrity Sweepstakes", and the original 1987 version of "Lingo".

On October 16, 2015, Andrews died of Alzheimer's disease in Ventura, California at the age of 87.

Neill Sheridan

Neill Rawlins Sheridan (November 20, 1921 – October 15, 2015), also called Wild Horse was an American professional baseball player. He was born in Sacramento, California and played in the minor leagues from 1943 to 1954. Sheridan played for the Boston Red Sox in 1948.

Sheridan died of pneumonia in Antioch, California, aged 93.


Mike Pompeo

Michael Richard Pompeo (born December 30, 1963) is an American politician. Pompeo was the 70th United States Secretary of State, serving from April 2018 to January 2021. He was the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency from January 2017 to April 2018. He has been the U.S. Representative for from 2011 through 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party. He has also served as a Kansas representative on the Republican National Committee.

On November 18, 2016, he was selected by President-elect Donald Trump to be Trump's nominee for Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. The United States senate confirmed his nomination and he assumed office on January 23, 2017. On March 13, 2018, Trump announced his intention to nominate Pompeo as the new United States Secretary of State, succeeding Rex Tillerson after March 31, 2018. On April 26, 2018, Pompeo was confirmed by the Senate in a 57–42 vote, and was sworn in the same day.

Pompeo was born in Orange, California in 1963. On his father's side, his ancestors include Italian immigrants.

He attended the U.S. Military Academy at West Point where he majored in Mechanical Engineering, graduating first in his class in 1986 and serving in the Regular Army as an Armor Branch cavalry officer from 1986 to 1991. He received his J.D. from Harvard Law School, where he was an editor of the Harvard Law Review.

In the 2010 Kansas Republican primary for the 4th District Congressional seat, Pompeo defeated State Senator Jean Schodorf (who received 24%), Wichita businessman Wink Hartman (who received 23%), and small business owner Jim Anderson (who received 13%). In the general election, Pompeo defeated Democratic nominee State Representative Raj Goyle. Pompeo received 59% of the vote (117,171 votes), to 36% for Goyle (71,866).

Pompeo has been on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the following 3 subcommittees: the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade, the Subcommittee on Energy and Power, and the Subcommittee on the CIA. He is also on the House Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi.

On November 18, 2016, President Trump announced that he would nominate Pompeo to be the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency.

On January 23, 2017, the United States senate approved of Pompeo's nomination and soon afterwards assumed the position of CIA Director replacing John O. Brennan.

On March 13, 2018, President Trump fired Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and nominated Pompeo to replace him.

During Easter weekend 2018, Pompeo visited North Korea and met with Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un to discuss the 2018 North Korea–United States summit between Kim and Donald Trump.

Pompeo was confirmed by the United States Senate on April 26, 2018 and sworn-in the next day by United States Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito.

In May 2018, Donald Trump greeted three American detainees that were released by Kim Jong-Un while Pompeo brought them back to the United States from North Korea. The next day, Trump announced on Twitter that he will meet Kim on June 12, 2018 in Singapore for peace talks.

Pompeo is married to Susan Pompeo. They have one child together. They live in Wichita, Kansas.


Luciano García Alén

Luciano García Alén (1928 – 16 October 2015) was a Spanish physician, researcher and ethnographer. He was known for studying the Galician culture. He was born in Pontevedra, Galicia, Spain.

Alén died in Santiago de Compostela, Galicia, Spain, aged 87.

Sergei Filippenkov

Sergei Aleksandrovich Filippenkov (; 2 August 1971 – 15 October 2015) was a Russian football manager and player.

Filippenkov died of a heart attack during a friendly match between former players on 15 October 2015.

Francesc de Paula Burguera

Francesc de Paula Burguera i Escrivà (13 July 1928 – 16 October 2015) was a Spanish journalist and politician. He was born in Sueca, Valencia. Burguera served in the Congress of Deputies from 1977 to 1979, representing his hometown district. He was awarded the Creu de Sant Jordi in 1999.

Burguera died of heart failure in Valencia, Spain, aged 87.

Pontevedra

Pontevedra () is a Spanish city in the north-west of the Iberian Peninsula. It is the capital of both the "Comarca" (County) and Province of Pontevedra, and of the Rias Baixas in Galicia. As of 2014, the population was 82,946.


Larry N. Vanderhoef

Larry Neil Vanderhoef (March 20, 1941 – October 15, 2015) was an American biochemist and academic. He was the 5th chancellor of University of California, Davis serving from 1994 through 2009. He was born in Perham, Minnesota.

Vanderhoef died on October 15, 2015 from complications of a stroke in Davis, California, aged 74.

MV Derbyshire

The MV "Derbyshire" was an ore-bulk-oil combination carrier. It was built in 1976. It was the last in the series of the "Bridge"-class ships. It was registered at Liverpool. It was owned by Bibby Line.

The ship was lost on 9 September 1980 during Typhoon Orchid. All 42 crew members and two of their wives were killed during the sinking. 

"Derbyshire" was launched in 1975. It went into service the following year.

Jordi Miralles

Jordi Miralles i Conte (27 April 1962 – 14 October 2015) was a Spanish politician. He was born in Barcelona. He represented the district in the Parliament of Catalonia from 2003 to 2012. He was a member of the United and Alternative Left.

Miralles died in Bellvitge, Spain of meningitis, aged 53.

Phil Lesh

Phillip Chapman Lesh (born March 15, 1940) is an American musician. He was one of the founding members of the Grateful Dead, with whom he played bass guitar throughout their 30-year career. After the band's disbanding in 1995, Lesh continued the tradition of Grateful Dead family music with side project Phil Lesh and Friends.

In October 2015, Lesh revealed that he had undergone surgery as treatment for bladder cancer. He stated that his prognosis was good and that he expected to make a full recovery.


Non-denominational Muslim

Non-denominational Muslims (), also known as non-sectarian Muslims, are Muslims who do not belong to, do not self-identify with, or cannot be readily classified under one of the identifiable Islamic schools and branches. Such Muslims do not think of themselves as belonging to a denomination but rather as "just Muslims" or "non-denominational Muslims." Unlike Sunnis, Shias, and Ibadis, non-denominational Muslims are not affiliated with any school of thought (madhhab).
While the majority of the population in the Middle East identify as either Sunni or Shi'a, a significant number of Muslims identify as non-denominational. According to a 2012 study by the Pew Research Center, Muslims who do not identify with a sect and identify as "just Muslim" make up a majority of the Muslims in eight countries: Kazakhstan (74%), Albania (65%), Kyrgyzstan (64%), Kosovo (58%), Indonesia (56%), Mali (55%), Bosnia and Herzegovina (54%), Uzbekistan (54%), and a plurality in four countries: Azerbaijan (45%), Russia (45%), Nigeria (42%), and Cameroon (40%). They are found primarily in Central Asia. Kazakhstan has the largest proportion of Muslims who do not identify with a sect, who constitute about 74% of the Muslim population. According to "WorldAtlas", 30% of Moroccans are non-denominational Muslims, while two-thirds belong to the Sunni denomination. Southeastern Europe also has a large number of Muslims who do not identify with a sect.

Public good

In Economics, a public good is a kind of common good. Public goods have two main properties:
Examples for public goods are fresh air, knowledge, street lighting, or a fireworks display.

Public goods are an example of market failure: If all actors maximize their gain, this does not produce an efficient solution. 

It is obvious that because the goods are non-excludable, it means that a producer sees no benefit in producing or providing the good on the market, this is because it is impossible to make a profit from it as people who have not paid for the good. For this reason, the government may intervene to provide it. There are relatively few examples of "purely" public goods, however some examples are:

The reason that the government feels the need to provide these goods is because the Marginal Social Benefit is greater than the Marginal Private Benefit, and so because there are positive externalities in consumption, it will always be under consumed in the market mechanism,

Common good (economics)

In Economics common goods are a kind of good. Common goods have two properties:
An example for a common good is wild fish.


Corona

A corona is an aura of plasma which surrounds the sun and other stars. The Sun's corona extends millions of kilometres into space and is most easily seen during a total solar eclipse. It is also observable with a device called a coronagraph. The word "corona" is a Latin word meaning "crown", from the Ancient Greek κορώνη (korōnē, “garland, wreath”).

The Sun's corona is much hotter (by a factor from 150 to 450) than the visible surface of the Sun. The photosphere's average temperature is 5800 kelvin compared to the corona's one to three million kelvin. The corona is 10 times as dense as the photosphere, and so produces about one-millionth as much visible light. The corona is separated from the photosphere by the relatively shallow chromosphere. The exact mechanism by which the corona is heated is still the subject of some debate. The outer edges of the Sun's corona are constantly being blown away by the open magnetic flux generating the solar wind.

Motal

Motol (, , , ) also Motal, is a township in Ivanava Raion of Brest Region of Belarus. It is located about west of Pinsk, on the Yaselda River.


Oulad Ziane

Oulad Ziane is a Bedouin tribe of Banu Hilal group. It was installed in the south of Casablanca by the Almohad caliphs. It was divided into two parts: Moualine el Oued and Moualine Deroua.

Henriette Reker

Henriette Reker (born 9 December 1956 in Cologne) is a German lawyer and independent politician, elected mayor of Cologne in 2015.

She served as deputy mayor of Gelsenkirchen since 2000. In 2010 she was appointed a mayoral deputy for social affairs, integration and the environment of the city of Cologne. Supported by CDU, FDP and The Greens she is running for the office of the Mayor of Cologne.

At a public event on 17 October 2015, the day before the mayoral elections, she was seriously wounded when a 44-year old man stabbed her in the neck with a knife, while shouting against refugees. A day after the attack, Reker was elected mayor of Cologne after gaining 52.66% of the votes. She is the first female mayor elected in Cologne's history.

Gamal El-Ghitani

Gamal el-Ghitani, (9 May 1945 – 18 October 2015) was an Egyptian author of historical and political novels and cultural and political commentaries. He was the editor-in-chief of the literary periodical "Akhbar Al-Adab" ("Cultural News") from 2011 until his death in 2015.

He died on 18 October 2015 at the El Galaa Hospital For Armed Forces Officers Families in Cairo from a heart attack, aged 70.

Carrie (2002 movie)

Carrie is a 2002 NBC television movie and remake of the movie Carrie based on the best-selling novel by Stephen King. The movie was a backdoor pilot for a possible television series and the ending of the novel was changed to allow for a continuing series; but no followup series was ever produced. Carrie was remade again in 2013.


Northwestern State University

Northwestern State University of Louisiana also known as (NSULA) is a college in Natchitoches, Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Murfreesboro, Tennessee

Murfreesboro is a city in the U.S. state of Tennessee.

Famous people from there, includes Chris Young (country singer-songwriter, born 1985).

Washington, Arkansas

Washington is a city in the U.S. state of Arkansas.

Donaldsonville, Louisiana

Donaldsonville is a city in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Tākaka

Takaka is a small town on the South Island of New Zealand. It is the main town in the Tasman District.

Morgan Rielly

Morgan Frederick Rielly (born March 9, 1994) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was born in West Vancouver, British Columbia and grew up in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Before playing in the NHL, Rielly played parts of 3 seasons with the Moose Jaw Warriors of the Western Hockey League (WHL). In the 2010–11 WHL season, Rielly recorded 28 points in 65 games played. He missed most of the 2011–12 season because of a torn anterior cruciate ligament. He returned to the team during the end of their playoff run against the Edmonton Oil Kings. Even though Rielly missed most of the season, he was still able to finish ranked fifth in the North American skaters category by the Central Scouting Bureau.

He was drafted 5th overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft. Rielly was able to keep a spot on the Maple Leafs roster at the start of the 2013–14 NHL season. On October 5, 2013, Rielly made his NHL debut in a 5–4 shootout win against the Ottawa Senators. On December 16, 2013, he scored his first NHL goal against Marc-André Fleury of the Pittsburgh Penguins in a 3–1 loss.

Wallace

Wallace may refer to:
Given name

Surname


Shawn Mendes

Shawn Peter Raul Mendes (born August 8, 1998) is a Canadian singer-songwriter and model. He became known in 2013, when he began posting cover versions of songs by artists such as Justin Bieber on the video sharing app Vine. In 2014, he signed a recording contract with Island Records.

Mendes released his first single, "Life of the Party". The song peaked at number 1 on the real-time "Billboard" Twitter Trending 140 chart. Mendes also released a four-track EP, "The Shawn Mendes EP". It charted at number 5 on the "Billboard" charts.

He is known for the songs "Life Of The Party", "Stitches" (his biggest hit and a UK number-one), and "Treat You Better", "There's Nothing Holding Me Back",“In My Blood”, “If I Can’t Have You” and most recently “Senorita” with camila cabello . 

Mendes has now had two world tours for his albums Handwritten and Illuminate and is very commonly known all over the world.

He went on his third world tour for his new self-titled album "Shawn Mendes". The tour started March 7, 2019 and finished in December 21, 2019.

He is also a very talented photographer as he had photographed a photo of Josiah Van Dien, which was released on Tuesday 26th February 2019, he most likely had taken the photo for fun. Mendes has his own fragrance and was recently in a movie called "Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile". He has also recently been seen with American actress Sabrina Carpenter. Mendes maintains homes in Los Angeles, California and Toronto, Canada.

Mdakra

Mdakra is a Bedouin tribe of Banu Hilal group. It was installed in Morocco in the Merinid area and consisted of Ahlaf and Melilla.

Benedetta Cappa

Benedetta Cappa (14 August 1897 – 15 May 1977) was an Italian futurist artist. She had exhibitions at the Walker Art Center and the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum. 

Cappa was born on 14 August 1897 in Rome, Italy. She became very interested in Futurism while studying under one of the movement's leading figures, Giacomo Balla, in Rome in 1917. She married Filippo Tommaso Marinetti in 1923 and they had three daughters: Vittoria, Ala and Luce. Cappa, now using her married name Benedetta Cappa Marinetti, was the first woman artist to have her work featured in the 1930 Biennale catalog. This was a large-scale art exhibition held every two years. In 1932 she presented seven paintings at the Venice Biennale. She exhibited at the Petit Palais in Paris in 1935 and the national art exhibition in Rome the same year. She was a leading artist in the Futurism movement. 

Cappa died on 15 May 1977 in Venice, Italy at age 79.

Harriet Sylvia Ann Howland Green Wilks

Henrietta Sylvia Ann Howland Green Wilks (January 7, 1871 – February 5, 1951) was one of the wealthiest women in the United States.

Green was born in Hoboken, New Jersey on January 7, 1871. Her parents were Henrietta Howland Robinson and Edward Henry Green. Her brother was Edward Howland Robinson Green (1868–1936). She married Matthew Astor Wilks (1844–1926), great grandson of America's first millionaire, John Jacob Astor. They were married in Morristown, New Jersey February 23, 1909; she was 32 and he was 63. When her brother died in 1935, she inherited his estate, rather than the estate going to his widow.

She died on February 5, 1951 leaving an estate of $94,965,229 ($443 million in 2007 dollars). The list of assets included 36 pages of bonds, eight pages of blue chip stocks, and $31 million in a non-interest bearing checking account. Her will was found in a tin cabinet with four bars of soap. She gave just $5,000 to her closest genetic relative, a cousin, but the court awarded her $140,000 during probate. The rest was divided between 63 charities and educational institutions.

Tom Smith (Pennsylvania politician)

Thomas Joel "Tom" Smith (October 20, 1947 – October 17, 2015) was an American Republican politician, farmer and businessman.

He was first a Democrat for four years before becoming a politician. Smith switched parties in 2011 and ran for the United States Senate in 2012 as a Republican, losing to the current Democratic Senator Bob Casey, Jr..

Smith died at his home in Shelocta, Pennsylvania, aged 67.

Ore-bulk-oil carrier

An ore-bulk-oil carrier, also called a combination carrier or OBO, is a ship that carries wet or dry cargo. The idea is to reduce the number of empty voyages in which large ships carry cargo one way and are empty for another.

OBO carriers are today not as common as in the 1970s and 1980s.

One of the most famous OBO carriers is the "Derbyshire". It sank during a typhoon in 1980 in the Pacific.

Ex post facto law

An "ex post facto" law (Latin for "after the fact" or "from after the action") is a law that changes the legal consequences (or status) of actions that were committed before the law went into effect. In criminal law, an "ex post facto" law may criminalize actions that were legal at the time they were committed, or may make a crime worse by bringing it into a more severe category than it was in when it was committed. 

It may make the punishment prescribed for a crime, more severe. It may also add new penalties or it may extend a sentence. It may change the rules of evidence in order to make conviction for a crime likelier than it would have been when the deed was committed. , a form of "ex post facto" law, commonly called an "amnesty law", may certain acts. A pardon has a similar effect in a specific case. Other legal changes may lessen or eliminate possible punishments (for example by replacing the death sentence with lifelong imprisonment) ly. Such legal changes are also known by the Latin term in mitius.

The United States Constitution s "ex post facto" laws. Two clauses in the constitution prohibit "ex post facto". Article 1 Section 9 of the U.S. Constitution states: 'No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed,'. Section 10 says: 'No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, ex post facto Law. . .'

"Ex post facto" laws relate only to criminal laws passed by legislations. It does not apply to civil laws "that affect private rights adversely." In 2003 the US Supreme court noted the difference between civil and penal laws. In the case of Smith v. Doe, the court questioned the constitutionality of the Alaska Sex Offender Registration Act's retroactive requirements. Alaska's Megan's Law was applied to sex offenders before the law went into effect. It required offenders to register with the local police. It also required public notification via the Internet. The court made a legal precedent in deciding the intent of the law was civil and non-punitive. That it was to protect the public saftey by "protecting the public from sex offenders."

The European Parliament prohibits "ex post facto" legislation by all member nations. They determined ""Ex post facto" legislation may also violate citizens’ right to effective legal redress and a fair trial..."

In English law, "ex post facto" laws are very rare. One example was the War Crimes Act 1991 by the Parliament of England. It allowed British citizens to be put on trial for war crimes that took place during World War II.


Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire

Between 1519 and 1521, Spanish conquistadors, led by Hernán Cortés, overthrew the Aztec Empire. This event is called the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire. Cortés helped old enemies of the Aztecs defeat them in one of the most important events in the Spanish colonization of the Americas.

The Spanish conquest was devastating to the Aztec people. By 1680, 94% of the Aztec population had died (due to diseases and viruses). 

In 1515, two of the states in the Aztec Empire rebelled. This was nothing new for the Aztecs. However, this time, the Tlaxcala and Huexotzingo rebels beat the Aztec military.

Then, in April 1519, Spanish conquistadors, led by Cortés, arrived on the coast of Mexico. In August they marched to Tenochtitlan, the capital of the Aztec Empire. At first, Montezuma II, the Aztecs' ruler, invited the Spanish into Tenochtitlan, and things were friendly. Even when the Spanish made Montezuma II a prisoner, the Aztecs stayed friendly.

However, soon, while Cortés was away, Spanish soldiers attacked and killed many Aztecs during a festival. When Cortés got back, he got Montezuma II to tell the Aztecs to stop fighting the conquistadors. By this time, though, the Aztecs had made Montezuma II's brother, Cuauthemoc, the king. Nobody did what Montezuma II said. They kept fighting the conquistadors, and they killed two out of every three Spanish soldiers. In July 1520 the Spanish survivors fled to Tlaxcala, where enemies of the Aztecs protected them.

Ten months later, Cortés came back to Tenochtitlan with more Spanish soldiers but mostly Tlaxcaltecas and other indigenous enemies of the Aztecs. They started a siege of Tenochtitlan, so that no food or supplies could get in. After 91 days, without any food, and with disease throughout the city, Cuauhtemoc finally surrendered to the Spanish on August 13, 1521. The Spanish destroyed Tenochtitlan. They started a Spanish colony that they named New Spain. The Aztec Empire had ended.

There were many different reasons why the Spanish were able to take over the Aztec Empire.
Different weapons were used through the battle to help Cortes overrule the aztecs.
First, their weapons and armor were better than the Aztecs'. Aztec warriors had only cotton armour and shields made of wood or reeds to protect them. The Spanish had metal armor and shields.

For weapons, Aztec warriors had a few choices:

None of these weapons could compare to the conquistadors' guns and steel swords. Their horses and war dogs gave them even more of an advantage against the Aztecs.

As early as 1528, reports have said that Montezuma II thought Hernán Cortés was the Aztec god Quetzalcoatl. Aztec legends said that Quetzalcoatl would return as a man, and Cortés had arrived on Quetzalcoatl's birthday. Aztec writings from the time say that when Montezuma II greeted Cortés, he gave an abdication speech, giving up the Aztec throne to "Quetzalcoatl-Cortés":

As historian David Carrasco explains: Motecuhzoma II is welcoming "Quetzalcoatl-Cortes ... back to his city in order to reoccupy the throne which has been guarded by Montezuma and the other [kings] ... The ancient prophecy has been fulfilled and the returning lord is invited to occupy his throne and visit the palace. There could hardly be a clearer statement of returning the sovereignty to the original king."

Some historians say that the Spanish conquistadors were not the only reason the Aztec Empire fell apart. By 1519, the Empire had other problems that made it easier for Spain to take it over. For example:
Cortes wanted to conquer the aztecs for gold glory and god. 
Because of these things, many people in the Aztec Empire were unhappy. Some of them helped the Spanish conquistadors take over the Empire. Some historians, like Brian Fagan and Nadia Durrani, say that the Empire would have fallen apart even if the Spanish had never come. However, because so many people had died of smallpox, there were also not enough people left to fight against the conquistadors when they did come.

Under Spanish control, the Aztec Empire did not exist any more. The Spanish tried to change the Aztecs into Catholics and make them act like Spanish people. They made it easier to change from Aztec rule to Spanish rule by letting many Aztec nobles become Spanish nobles.

The conquistadors rewarded people who had helped them defeat the Aztecs. Many received an Encomienda, a village full of Aztecs who were forced to work for them. This was not much different from what many serfs had done during the Aztec Empire. However, workers were badly abused, and many died. Because of this, a Spanish bishop named Bartolomé de las Casas suggested using African slaves to work in New Spain instead. Later, when he saw how much worse African slaves were treated, las Casas changed his mind about this.

By 1680, 94% of the Aztec population had died. This happened for a few reasons:

After taking over the Aztec Empire, the Spanish conquistadors moved on to take over other parts of Mesoamerica. During the same 160 years from 1520 to 1680 between 85% and 95% of Mesoamerica's native population died.


Hero (Mariah Carey song)

"Hero" is a song by Mariah Carey. It is from her third album, "Music Box". The song was released on October 19, 1993. It became Carey's eighth number-one song in America. It was the fifth best-performing song of 1994 there. "Hero" is a pop and R&B ballad. Although Carey explained that she was unhappy with the song, she realizes how important the song is to her fans and performs it live at her concerts because of its uplifting message.

Bob Houbregs

Robert J. "Bob" Houbregs (March 12, 1932 – May 28, 2014) was a Canadian professional basketball forward-center. He stood at 6 ft 7 in (2.01 m). Houbregs was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. He played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for the Milwaukee Hawks, Baltimore Bullets, Boston Celtics, and Fort Wayne/Detroit Pistons.

Houbregs played college basketball at the University of Washington with the Huskies. In 1953, he was named NCAA Player of the Year. He was also named as a Consensus All-America selection and helped lead the Huskies to the Final Four.

After retiring in 1958, Houbregs became the general manager of the Seattle SuperSonics. He served as the general manager from 1970 until 1973.

Houbregs was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1987 and into the Canadian Basketball Hall of Fame in 2000.

On May 28, 2014, Houbregs died in Olympia, Washington. He was 82.


Cosham

Cosham is a northern suburb of Portsmouth. Cosham High Street is the main shopping centre, where you will find lots of shops and amenities. There is a police station and fire station close to the high street. Cosham train station is close by and there is a frequent bus service too.

Stuxnet

Stuxnet is cyber weapon and computer worm. It was used to sabotage Iran’s nuclear program with what would seem like a long series of unfortunate accidents. It was first released in 2006. It became known only after the release of the second version. In 2010, an error in the code led the virus to spread outside the test labs and infect computers around the world.

Both the United States and Israel have been accused of developing and releasing Stuxnet. In 2012 the US confirmed that it developed Stuxnet with Israel.

Stuxnet targets PLCs. They control machinery on factory assembly lines, amusement rides, or centrifuges for separating nuclear material. Stuxnet works by targeting machines using the Microsoft Windows operating system and networks. It then looks for Siemens Step7 software. Stuxnet reportedly compromised Iranian PLCs, collecting information on industrial systems and causing the fast-spinning centrifuges to tear themselves apart. Stuxnet reportedly ruined almost one-fifth of Iran's nuclear centrifuges.

Stuxnet is typically introduced to the target environment via an infected USB flash drive. The worm then spreads across the network, scanning for Siemens Step7 software on computers controlling a PLC. If it doesn't find a target, Stuxnet becomes dormant inside the computer.

Stuxnet is special for different reasons:

Even though it targeted PLCs only very few were infected. The software is written to infect a specific set of PLC, with well-defined modules. In the case of a personal computer, it will infect any computer running the right software.

King Kong (character)

King Kong is a giant gorilla monster movie character, resembling a huge gorilla. The character first appeared in the 1933 film "King Kong" and the novel by Delos W. Lovelace. The movie is a classic adventure-fantasy horror monster movie franchise. The film was remade in 1976 and once again in 2005. The character has become one of the world's most famous movie icons. Kong has inspired countless spin-offs, comic books, team ups with other monsters and more. There was even a stage play. His role in the different movies varies, ranging from a rampaging monster to a vegetarian or anti-hero monster who only wants to be left alone. other animated films include, "The Mighty Kong", Kong: King of Atlantis and Kong: Return to the Jungle. television series include, The King Kong Show, Kong: The Animated Series, Kong: King of the Apes, Skull Island: The Series. other influences of those films, Unknown Island (1948), Mighty Joe Young (1949/1998), Konga (1961), Shikari (1963), The Mighty Gorga (1969), Ape (1976), Queen Kong (1976), Goliathon (1977), (1977), King of The Lost World (2005), The Abominable (2007), Bigfoot (2012), Rampage (2018), Konga TNT (2020), Ape Vs. Monster (2021).



Hurricane (Grace Jones album)

Hurricane is the tenth studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones. It was released on November 3, 2008. "Hurricane" was her first album of new songs in nineteen years.

Grace Jones' previous album, "Bulletproof Heart", was released in 1989. She tried to make several new albums in the 1990s but they were never released. Jones decided "never to do an album again".


Phonographic Copyright (p) – PIAS / Wall Of Sound Ltd. 
Copyright (c) – Bloodlight Inc. 
Recorded at – Exponential studios 
Recorded at - Microcosm studios 
Recorded at – 2 Kilohertz 
Recorded at – Matrix studios, London 
Mixed at – Strongroom (a division of Air Studios (Lyndhurst) Ltd.) 
Mixed at – Microcosm studios 
Mastered at – Gateway Mastering

"Well Well Well is dedicated to the memory of Alex Sadkin 
The album is dedicated to the memory of my dad, Bishop Robert W. Jones" 


Template (disambiguation)

Template may mean:





Hassan El Fad

Hassan El Fad (born 24 November 1962, in Casablanca) is a Moroccan actor and comedian. He is known for his humor and comedy shows. He has a gift in playing the saxophone. 

His first one-man show was "When I grow up, I'll be a Ninja Turtle (1997)". after the of his first one-man show, he specialized in doing comic serial shows such as; "chaine Ci BiBi/Chanily Tv","Canal 36". In 2008 El fad presented a new one -man show "Doctor Escargot (Doctor Snail).

In 2009, he presented Hassan O Rbato, a show featuring many traditional artists, recorded directly from Jemaa el-Fna square in Marrakech. In 2010, El Fad collaborated with director Abdelhak Chabi to create the series Fad TV, a spoof of sketches in 30 episodes. Hassan is working for the first time with young actors such as Badia Senhaji, Fouad Sad-Allah, Hamid Morchid, Oussama Mahmoud Ghadfi and the Moroccan singer Said Moskir. In 2011, Hassan El Fad collaborated with operator Wana Corporate and created Bayn Show, a series in the form of Quiz TV, which was broadcast on YouTube and then on the 2M channel.






The Ultimate Collection (Grace Jones album)

The Ultimate Collection is a 3 disc CD collection of songs recorded by Jamaican singer Grace Jones. It was released on November 13, 2006 by Universal Music Group.

Disc 1 

Disc 2 

Disc 3 


The Grace Jones Story

The Grace Jones Story is a collection of songs recorded by Jamaican singer Grace Jones, recorded from 1977 to 1993. The collection does not include any tracks from 1985 "Slave to the Rhythm" album due to licensing issues with ZTT Records.

Disc One

Disc Two


The Collection (Grace Jones album)

The Collection is a of songs by Grace Jones. It was released by Universal's sister record label Spectrum in 2004.



The Universal Masters Collection (Grace Jones album)

The Universal Masters Collection is a collection of songs recorded by Jamaican Grace Jones, released in Europe. It mainly features songs from Jones' reggae and R&B albums.



Private Life: The Compass Point Sessions

Private Life: The Compass Point Sessions is a collection of songs by Grace Jones released in 1998 by Island Records. The two disc CD has songs that were recorded during 1980-1982, during Jones' reggae era.

Disc One

Disc Two


X (Chris Brown album)

X is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Chris Brown; it was released on September 16, 2014, by RCA Records.


Credits from AllMusic.


Bleed Like Me

Bleed Like Me is the fourth studio album recorded and produced by alternative rock group Garbage. It was released on April 11, 2005 by Universal Music Group label Geffen in North America and by Warner Bros. Records elsewhere. The group chose a straight rock sound that was like Garbage's live performances.

The first recording sessions for "Bleed Like Me" took place in March 2003. But Garbage quietly split up for four months starting October 2003. They reunited under producer John King in Los Angeles. There was a guest appearance by Dave Grohl on "Bad Boyfriend". Garbage recruited drummer Matt Walker and bassist Justin Meldal-Johnsen for new recording sessions. They completed the album by the end of 2004.

The band received critical praise and high chart positions for its lead single "Why Do You Love Me". "Bleed Like Me" had a strong opening week globally. It debuted in the top five in eight countries, including the United Kingdom, Australia and the United States.

Bob Casey Jr.

Robert Patrick "Bob" Casey, Jr. (born April 13, 1960) is an American attorney and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He serves as the senior United States Senator from Pennsylvania, in office since 2007. He previously served as Pennsylvania Auditor General from 1997 to 2005 and as Pennsylvania Treasurer from 2005 to 2007.

Casey was diagnosed with prostate cancer in January 2023.


Ali Treki

Ali Abdussalam Treki (‎; 1938 – 19 October 2015) was a Libyan diplomat during Muammar Gaddafi's regime. Treki served as one of Libya's top diplomats since the 1970s. 

He was Foreign Minister from 1976 to 1982 and again from 1984 to 1986. He has been Permanent Representative to the United Nations on several occasions. He was the President of the United Nations General Assembly from September 2009 to September 2010.

Treki died in Cairo on 19 October 2015.

VivaColombia

VivaColombia is a low-cost carrier from Colombia. It was founded in 2008 Its first flight was in 2012. Ryanair is the owner of VivaColombia. As of October 2015, VivaColombia flies to 10 cities and has 8 Airbus A320 airplanes.

Cayman Airways

Cayman Airways is the flag carrier of the Cayman Islands. Its main office and largest hub is in Grand Cayman. 

Cayman Airways started flying on August 7, 1968. The airline's first plane was a Douglas DC-3. It's first international charter flight to Miami International Airport was in 1972. In 1978, the airline bought its first jet - the BAC 1-11. As of 2015, Cayman Airways has 5 airplanes.

Indian summer

Indian summer is a period of unusually warm and dry weather. It happens in autumn in the Northern Hemisphere. The United States National Weather Service describes Indian summer as weather conditions which are sunny and clear with higher than usual temperatures. That occurs between late September and the middle of November.

It is not known where the term came from. It may have come from regions inhabited by Native Americans (who used to be called Indians), or because the Native Americans first described it to Europeans. It also may have been based on the warm and hazy conditions in autumn when Native Americans hunted.

Edgefield, Louisiana

Edgefield is a village in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is a rural suburb of Coushatta. It is the least populous municipality in Red River Parish.

Martin, Louisiana

Martin is a village in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the second most populous municipality in Red River Parish (after Coushatta).

Hall Summit, Louisiana

Hall Summit is a village in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the second least populous municipality in Red River Parish (after Edgefield).

White Ship

The White Ship () was a historic ship that sank in the English Channel. It went down near the Normandy coast off Barfleur, on 25 November 1120. Only two of those aboard survived. Those who drowned included William Adelin, the only surviving legitimate son and heir of King Henry I of England. William Adelin's death led to a succession crisis and a chain of events that changed the history of England. 

The "White Ship" was a new ship captained by Thomas FitzStephen. His father Stephen FitzAirard had been captain of the ship "Mora" for William the Conqueror when he invaded England in 1066. FitzStephen offered his ship to Henry I of England to use it to return to England from Barfleur in Normandy. Henry had already made other plans, but allowed many members of his royal court to take the "White Ship." This included his only son, William Adelin. It also included his illegitimate son Richard of Lincoln, his illegitimate daughter Matilda FitzRoy, Countess of Perche and many other nobles. According to the chronicler Orderic Vitalis, the crew asked William Adelin for wine and he supplied it to them in great abundance. By the time the ship was ready to leave there were about 300 people on board although some had left before the ship sailed due to the excessive drinking going on.

The ship's captain, Thomas FitzStephen, was ordered by the revelers to catch up to and pass the king's ship which had already sailed. The "White Ship" was fast, of the best construction and had recently been fitted with new materials. This made the captain and crew certain they could reach England first. But when the ship left in the dark, its port side struck a submerged rock called "Quillebœuf" and the ship quickly sank. William Adelin got into a small boat and could have survived but he turned back to try to save his half-sister, Matilda (Countess of Perche), when he heard her cries for help. His boat filled with water when others tried to get in to save themselves, and William drowned along with them. According to Orderic Vitalis only two survived by clinging to the rock all night. One was a butcher from Rouen, the second was Geoffrey de l'Aigle. The chronicler further claimed that when Thomas FitzStephen came to the surface after the sinking and learned that William Adelin had not survived, he let himself drown rather than face the King.

One legend says that the ship was doomed because priests were not allowed to board it in the customary manner.

A direct result of William Adelin's death was the period known as the Anarchy. The "White Ship" disaster had left Henry I with only one legitimate child, a second daughter named Matilda. Although Henry I had forced his barons to swear an oath to support Matilda as his heir on several occasions, a woman had never ruled in England in her own right. Matilda was also unpopular because she was married to Geoffrey V, Count of Anjou. He was a traditional enemy of England's Norman nobles. Upon Henry's death in 1135, the English barons were not sure they wanted Matilda as queen Regnant. 

One of Henry I's male relatives, Stephen of Blois, the king's nephew by his sister Adela, usurped Matilda as well as his older brothers William and Theobald to become king. Stephen had allegedly planned to travel on the "White Ship" but had left just before it sailed; Orderic Vitalis attributes this to a sudden bout of diarrhoea.

After Henry I's death, Matilda and her husband Geoffrey of Anjou, the founder of the Plantagenet dynasty, started a long and devastating war against Stephen and his allies for control of the English throne. The period called the Anarchy lasted from 1135 to 1153 with devastating effect, especially in southern England.

A historian who lived about that time William of Malmesbury wrote: 


Boat positions

The front of a boat is called the bow, while the rear of a boat is called the stern. When looking towards the bow (while on the boat), the left-hand side of the boat is the port side. Starboard is the corresponding word for the right side of a boat.

Port and starboard are nautical terms for left and right, respectively. Port is the left-hand side of or direction from a vessel, facing forward. Starboard is the right-hand side, facing forward. Since port and starboard never change, they are clear references that do not depend on which way the observer is facing.

The term "starboard" comes from the Old English "steorbord", meaning the side on which the ship is steered. Before ships had rudders on their center-lines, they were steered with a steering oar at the stern of the ship. Because more people are right-handed it was placed on the right-hand side. The term is similar to the Old Norse "stýri" (rudder) and "borð" (side of a ship). Since the steering oar was on the right side of the boat, it would tie up at wharf on the other side. For this reason the left side was called "port". 

Formerly "larboard" was used instead of "port". This is from Middle English "ladebord" and the term "lade" is related to the modern "load". "Larboard" sounded very similar to "starboard" and in 1844 the Royal Navy ordered that "port" be used instead. "Larboard" continued to be used well into the 1850s by whalers. In Old English the word was "bæcbord", which is used in other European languages, for example as the German "backbord" and the French term "bâbord" (derived in turn from Middle Dutch).

At night, the port side of a boat or aircraft is indicated by a red navigation light at the bow. The opposite side of the bow has a green one to help avoid collisions. The "International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea" state that a ship on the left must give way to a ship on its right. If the courses of two boats are intersecting, the helmsman usually gives way to a red light by going around the stern of the stand-on vessel (the vessel that does not need to change course). A saying for this is:

"If to starboard red appear,<br> 
'tis your duty to keep clear...<br> 
Green to green, red to red<br> 
perfect safety, go ahead."


Reasonable doubt

Evidence that is beyond a reasonable doubt is the standard of evidence required to validate a criminal conviction in most adversarial legal systems. Generally, the prosecutor has the burden of proof and is required to prove their case to this standard. This means that the version of events being presented by the prosecution must be proven to the extent that there could be no "reasonable doubt" in the mind of a "reasonable person" that the defendant is guilty. There can still be a doubt, but only to the extent that it would "not" affect a reasonable person's belief regarding whether or not the defendant is guilty. Beyond "the shadow of a doubt" is sometimes used interchangeably with beyond reasonable doubt. But this term extends beyond the latter, to the extent that it may be considered an impossible standard. The term "reasonable doubt" is most commonly used.

If doubt "does" affect a "reasonable person's" belief that the defendant is guilty, then the jury is not satisfied beyond "reasonable doubt". The precise meaning of words such as "reasonable" and "doubt" are usually defined within jurisprudence of the applicable country. A related idea is William Blackstone's formulation: "It is better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer".


List of lakes of Azerbaijan

This is a list of lakes of Azerbaijan.

The list includes only natural lakes. Artificial lakes such as reservoirs are not in this list. The Caspian Sea, which is the largest lake on Earth by both area and volume and which borders Azerbaijan on the east, is also not in this list.

There are around 450 lakes in Azerbaijan. All of them are small in area and volume. There are only 5 lakes with a surface area of more than . Most of these lakes are fresh water, but some of them are salt lakes. Some of these lakes were formed by tectonics, landslides, rivers (oxbow lake), and lagoons. In the mountainous areas, the lakes were formed by tectonics, landslides and glaciers (glacial lake). 

Adversarial system

The adversarial system or adversary system is a legal system used in the common law countries. It is a system where two advocates represent their parties' positions before an impartial person or group of people. This is usually a jury or judge who attempt to determine the truth of the case. It is in contrast to the inquisitorial system used in some civil law systems (i.e. those deriving from Roman law or the Napoleonic code). This is where a judge or group of judges opens an official inquiry and decides the case.

The adversarial system is the two-part system under which criminal law courts operate. On one side is the prosecution who usually represents the government. The other side is the defense who represents the defendant. Each party may call witnesses and ask questions. Each party may present evidence based on legal ethics and that is approved by the court. For example, legal ethics prevent a lawyer from calling a witness they know will lie on the witness stand. Justice is served when the most effective adversary is able to convince the jury or judge that his or her case is the correct one.

France Bučar

France Bučar (2 February 1923 – 21 October 2015) was a Slovenian politician, legal expert and author. From 1990 through 1992, he served as the first chairman of the freely elected Slovenian Parliament. 

He was the one to formally declare independence for Slovenia on June 25, 1991. He was thought to be one of the founding fathers of Slovenian democracy and independence. He was also thought, together with Peter Jambrek, the main author of the current Slovenian constitution.

Michael Meacher

Michael Hugh Meacher (4 November 1939 – 20 October 2015) was a British Labour politician and academic. He was a lecturer in social administration at the University of Essex and the University of York. 

He was a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1970 until his death, originally for Oldham West and then from 1997 for Oldham West and Royton.


Lake Sarysu

Sarysu ( meaning "Yellow Lake") is the largest lake of Azerbaijan. It is located in the Imishli and Sabirabad rayons (districts) of the Kur-Araz Lowland.

Sarysu lake lies next to the Kura River from Imishli Rayon southeast to Sabirabad Rayon. It reaches a total length of . It is one of the four lakes present in the area. The water in the lake is fresh water. The lake inflows from Lake Ağgöl through a canal. It is also filled by groundwater and rain. It outflows to the Kura River. The outflow to Kura is regulated by a water-releasing station in Muradbəyli.


Statute of limitations

Statutes of limitations are laws passed by a legislative body in common law systems that set the maximum time after an event when a lawsuit may be filed. In civil law systems, similar provisions are typically part of their civil or criminal codes and known collectively as "periods of prescription". When the period of time specified in a statute of limitations passes, the statute of limitations provides an absolute defense to the legal claim.

The intention of these laws is to make sure legal cases are brought to trial in a reasonable length of time.

A statute of limitations restricts when a case may be filed, but is not a deadline for the completion of a case. If a case is filed during the period specified in the statute of limitations, the case may be heard and decided by the court even after that period expires.

The statute of limitations is determined by the cause of action, and different causes of action may have different limitations period even within the same state or country. The limitations period may be extended to ensure fairness to the parties, for example, if the person making the claim was a minor at the time the legal claim arose, or if the defendant committed a wrongful act to conceal the legal claim from the injured plaintiff.

Typically the statute of limitations must be raised by the defense after a lawsuit is filed. If the defense does not claim that the legal action is barred by the statute of limitations, a court may find that the defense has been waived and allow a late-filed lawsuit to continue.

When a statute of limitations expires (runs out) in a criminal case, if the defendant or judge raises a statute of limitations defense, the person can no longer be placed on trial for that cause. In many cases the statute of limitations is jurisdictional, so that a defendant can get a dismissal of a charge even if the defense is not raised, but in some cases the defendant risks waiving the statute of limitations defense if it is not raised before conviction.

Mike Kelly (politician)

George Joseph "Mike" Kelly, Jr. (born May 10, 1948), is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He has been the U.S. Representative for since 2011.


Cory Wells

Cory Wells (born Emil Lewandowski; February 5, 1941 – October 20, 2015) was an American singer. He was one of the three lead vocalists in the band Three Dog Night. He was born in Buffalo, New York.

Wells died suddenly in his sleep on October 20, 2015 at his home in Dunkirk, New York. He was 74 years old.

Cause of action

Under the law, a cause of action is a set of facts sufficient to justify a right to sue to obtain money, property, or the enforcement of a right against another party. It means literally the cause or reason why a party can make a legal case under the law. The term also refers to the legal theory upon which a plaintiff brings a lawsuit (such as breach of contract, battery, or false imprisonment). The legal document which carries a claim is often called a Statement of Claim in English law, or a Complaint in U.S. federal practice and in many U.S. states. A complaint identifies the court's jurisdiction, the alleged facts and the relief the plaintiff wants. It can be any communication notifying the party to whom it is addressed of an alleged fault which resulted in damages. This is often expressed in amount of money the receiving party should pay or reimburse.

To pursue a cause of action, a plaintiff pleads or alleges facts in a complaint, the pleading that starts a lawsuit. A cause of action generally includes both the legal theory (the legal wrong the plaintiff claims to have suffered) and the remedy (the relief a court is asked to grant). Often the facts or circumstances that allow a person to seek judicial relief may create multiple causes of action. Although it is fairly easy to file a Statement of Claim in most jurisdictions. If it is not done properly, then the filing party may lose his case due to simple technicalities.

There are a number of specific causes of action, including: contract-based actions, statutory causes of action, torts such as assault, battery, invasion of privacy and fraud. The points a plaintiff must prove to win a given type of case are called the "elements" of that cause of action. For example, for a claim of negligence, the elements are: the (existence of a) duty, breach (of that duty), proximate cause (legal cause), and damages. If a complaint does not allege facts sufficient to support every element of a claim, the court, upon motion by the opposing party, may dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim for which relief can be granted.

The defendant to a cause of action must file an "Answer" to the complaint in which the "claims" can be admitted or denied. The answer may also contain counterclaims in which the "Counterclaim Plaintiff" states its own causes of action. Finally, the answer may contain affirmative defenses. Most defenses must be raised at the first possible opportunity. Either in the answer or by motion or are considered to be waived. 


Narayani Zone

Narayani () was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, in the central south of the country. It was named after the Narayani River on the western border of the zone.

Narayani occupied parts of the Terai, Inner Terai, and Hill regions of Nepal, but it did not cover any of the Mountain or Himalayan region. Narayani was rich in flora and fauna. Narayani River and Rapti River were the main rivers of Narayani zone. Bisharari and Garuda lakes were some of the few lakes in Narayani.

Narayani was divided into five districts:
Narayani is the third largest industrial area of the country.

Some important cities and towns are Birganj, Parwanipur, Jitpur, Alau, Hetauda, Bharatpur, Narayanghat, Kalaiya, and Gaur.


Marion County, Indiana

Marion County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 977,203. The county seat is Indianapolis, the state capital and largest city.



Nederland, Texas

Nederland is a city in Jefferson County, Texas, United States. The population was 18,856 at the 2020 census.

The city was settled in 1897 along what is now Boston Avenue. It was incorporated in 1940. It was settled by Dutch immigrants on land sold by the Kansas City Southern railroad. It is part of the Beaumont−Port Arthur Metropolitan Statistical Area. Nederland is also a part of an area known as "the Golden Triangle," which includes Beaumont, Port Arthur, and Orange. The city is next to the Jack Brooks Regional Airport in Port Arthur, which serves the nearby cities of Beaumont and Port Arthur.

Nederland is located at (29.973113, -93.996715).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which, of it is land and 2.1% is water.

It is about east of Houston.

Nederland was founded in 1897 by Dutch settlers as a repayment for financial services of Dutch bankers who financed the Kansas City Southern railroad line that runs through the center of the city.

Nederland's early economy was driven by rice and dairy farming. However, the depression of 1907 and overproduction caused the rice industry in the town to fail.

The City of Nederland completed a new $1.3 million City Hall building at 207 N. 12th street in September 2013. The previously City Hall was shared with Police and Fire services and received a $3.6 million upgrade for Police and Fire services only and is the Homer E. Nagel Public Safety Complex. The safety complex was completed in August 2014.

Nederland has a council-manager system of government.

Frank Watkins

Frank Watkins (February 19, 1968 – October 18, 2015) was an American heavy metal musician. He was the bass player for the death metal band Obituary. He also played for the Norwegian black metal band Gorgoroth from 2007 until he died in 2015. His stage name was "Bøddel" while with Gorgoroth.

He started playing music when he was 12 years old. He joined Obituary in 1989. Other than music, Watkins decided to form a management company called Back From the Dead Productions which tried to help bands create a positive career in the music business. Watkins joined Gorgoroth in December 2007. He debuted with Gorgoroth at the Hole in the Sky festival on August 29, 2009.

In 2012, Watkins was diagnosed with primary central nervous system lymphoma. On October 18, 2015, Watkins died of that cancer.

Disney Television Animation

Disney Television Animation (DTVA) is the television animation production arm of the Disney Channels Worldwide. It creates, develops, and produces animated television series, films, specials and other projects. The Proud Family Louder and Prouder

This part of the company was started in 1984, as the Walt Disney Pictures Television Animation Group. This was part of a reorganization of The Walt Disney Company after Michael Eisner became CEO. The name was changed twice before 2011, when it became Disney Television Animation. 


East of England (European Parliament constituency)

East of England was a constituency of the European Parliament. It currently elects 7 MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party-list proportional representation.

The constituency was in-charge to the East of England region of the United Kingdom, comprising the ceremonial counties of Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Norfolk and Suffolk.

It was formed as a result of the European Parliamentary Elections Act 1999, replacing a number of single-member constituencies.

French Americans

French Americans (French: "Américain français"), also called Franco-Americans (French: "Franco-Américains") are Americans who identify themselves to be of French or French Canadian descent. About 11.8 million U.S. residents are of French or French Canadian descent. About 2 million speak French at home. An additional 750,000 U.S. residents speak a French-based creole language, according to the 2011 census.

Americans of French descent make up a substantial percentage of the American population. However French Americans are less visible than other similarly sized ethnic groups. This is due in part to the high degree of assimilation among Huguenot (French Protestant) settlers. Also, there is a tendency of French American groups to identify more strongly with "New World" regional identities. These include Québécois, French Canadian, Acadian, Cajun, or Louisiana Creole. This has prevented the development of a wider French American identity.


Toni Brunner

Toni Brunner (born 23 August 1974) is a Swiss politician. He is a member of the Swiss National Council. He was born in Wattwil.

Sand Hills, South Brunswick, New Jersey

Sand Hills, South Brunswick, New Jersey is a neighborhood of South Brunswick, New Jersey.

South Brunswick, New Jersey

South Brunswick, New Jersey is a township of New Jersey.

South Brunswick Township was created by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 21, 1798. In the 18th and 19th centuries, the community was mostly agricultural. It was named after the city of Braunschweig (called "Brunswick" in the Low German language), in the state of Lower Saxony, in Germany.

According to the United States Census Bureau, in 2020, South Brunswick had a total area of 41.02 square miles (106.23 km). This included 40.61 square miles (105.19 km) of land and 0.40 square miles (1.04 km) of water (0.95%).

Unincorporated areas in South Brunswick Township include:

At the 2020 United States Census, there were 47,043 people living in South Brunswick.

South Brunswick hosts U.S. Route 1, U.S. Route 130, , , and Interstate 95 (the New Jersey Turnpike).

List of people from New Hampshire

The following are people who were born, raised, or who gained significant prominence for living in U.S. state of New Hampshire:







List of people from Nevada

Following is a list of notable people who were born in, raised in, or have lived for a significant period of time in the U.S. state of Nevada.







List of people from New York

The following is a list of prominent people who were born in the U.S. state of New York, lived in New York, or for whom New York is a significant part of their identity.
















List of people from Ohio

The following is a list of famous people born in Ohio, and people who spent significant periods of their lives living in Ohio.





Robert L. Neal. Dayton Ohio Black Artist/Painter























Lake County

Lake County may refer to:


It is the name of twelve counties in the United States of America:


Mini Estadi

The Mini Estadi (English: Mini Stadium) is the home stadium of FC Barcelona B, officially named "Miniestadi", the reserve team of FC Barcelona. It is in Barcelona, Spain. It can hold 15,276 people. It also hosts games for the FC Barcelona women's team.


Criminal procedure

Criminal procedure refers to the rules that determine how the courts will process a criminal trial. While criminal procedure differs by jurisdiction, the process generally begins with a formal criminal charge and results in the or acquittal of the defendant.

Many countries have a democratic system and use the rule of law. There are a number of common principles. In a criminal case the burden of proof is on the prosecution. That means it is up to the prosecution to prove that the defendant is guilty beyond any reasonable doubt. This is opposed to having the defendant prove he or she is innocent. It also means any doubt is resolved in favor of the defendant. This provision is known as the presumption of innocence. If charged with a felony, defendants have the following basic rights: 



Jamesburg, New Jersey

Jamesburg is a borough in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 5,783.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the borough has a total area of 0.883 square miles (2.289 km).

South Amboy, New Jersey

South Amboy, New Jersey is a city on the right bank of the Raritan River in Middlesex County, New Jersey.

South Plainfield, New Jersey

South Plainfield, New Jersey is a borough of New Jersey.

Lake Balboa, Los Angeles

Lake Balboa, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.


List of people from Santa Monica, California

This is a list of people from Santa Monica, California.


West Los Angeles

West Los Angeles is a district in the Westside region of Los Angeles County, California.

I'm a Believer

"I'm a Believer" is a ballad. It was composed by Neil Diamond. It was recorded by The Monkees in 1966. The single hit #1 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It remained there for seven weeks.

Smash Mouth and Eddie Murphy did covers of the song in 2001. In 1985, singer Barbara Mandrell did her version.

Garfield (character)

Garfield is a fictional cartoon cat created in 1978 by Jim Davis. He is known for his love of lasagna and sleeping, and his dislike of Mondays and diets. He lives with his best friend, Odie, and Jon, his owner. In 2004, A live-action adaptation of Garfield was released in cinemas. An animated Garfield movie, starring Chris Pratt, is coming in 2024. Garfield is one of the most famous animated characters of all time and makes over $1 billion dollars annually from merchandise.

Garfield was born on June 19, 1978. His first owner, Mamma Leoni, got rid of him because of his appetite. From the moment he was born, he has loved lasagna. In almost every cartoon appearance, Garfield causes mischief. He did that in almost every episode of "Garfield and Friends" (1988-1995).

Garfield was named after Jim Davis' grandfather, James Garfield Davis, who in turn was named after US President James A. Garfield.

Insanity defense

In criminal trials, the insanity defense is the claim that the defendant is not responsible for his or her actions due to a mental illness. People who have been determined to be insane have been exempt from full criminal punishment since the Code of Hammurabi. There are different definitions of legal insanity in different jurisdictions. A finding of insanity usually results in the defendant being confined in a mental health facility instead of a prison. The first to use this defense was Daniel Sickles when he killed his wife's lover Francis Barton Key (son of Francis Scott Key) in 1859.

In the United Kingdom, Ireland, and the United States, use of the insanity defense is rare. However, insanity pleas have steadily increased in the UK. Mitigating factors, including things not eligible for the insanity defense like intoxication (or, more frequently, diminished capacity), may lead to reduced charges or reduced sentences. 

The question of who bears the burden of proof is an issue in the United States. Before the John Hinckley, Jr. trial the burden of proof rested with the government in most states. Afterwards many of these states required the defense to prove the defendant was legally insane. Where the state still bears the burden of proof, the standard for the prosecution is beyond a reasonable doubt. Where the defense bears the burden, the standard is preponderance of the evidence (a lower standard).

The insanity defense is based on evaluations by forensic mental health professionals with the appropriate test according to the jurisdiction. Their testimony guides the jury (or judge in a bench trial). But they may not testify to the defendant's criminal responsibility. This is for the jury or judge to decide. Mental health experts may testify as to whether at the time of the crime the defendant understood what he did was wrong. If the defendant were acting under a delusion at the time and could still determine right from wrong, he is not insane and may be punished. 


List of Canadian actors

This is an alphabetical list of notable Canadian actors.

Harbor City, Los Angeles

Harbor City, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles.

Alfredo di Stéfano Stadium

The Alfredo di Stéfano Stadium is the stadium of Real Madrid Castilla. They are the reserve team of Real Madrid. It was built in 2006. It has a capacity of 9,000. Future expansions are planning it to be able to seat 24,000. The stadium is named after club legend Alfredo di Stéfano. There is a statue of him at the entrance, created by Pedro Montes.


Arbitration

Arbitration, a form of alternative dispute resolution (ADR), is a way of resolving disputes outside the courts. Litigation can be expensive, time-consuming and unpredictable. With arbitration the parties to a dispute agree to have the disagreement decided by a neutral third party. More often this is a panel of three arbitrators. Each party suggests one, then both arbitrators agree on a third arbitrator. The decision is the result of a majority vote.

Arbitration includes an agreement in advance by both parties to comply with the decision of the arbitrator(s). The process includes a hearing in which both parties may be heard. The arbitrator(s) reviews the evidence in the case and makes a decision. One that is legally binding on both sides and enforceable in the courts.

Another form of alternative dispute resolution is mediation. Mediation and arbitration both use neutral third parties. For that reason they are sometimes confused. One difference is that a mediator does not make any decisions. Instead the mediator works towards getting both parties to agree. Unlike Arbitration, there is usually only one mediator. Another difference is that mediation is usually non-binding. Mediation is used more often in smaller disputes or when the matter is kept confidential. In some jurisdictions, mediation is required before a case can come to court. 


Algebraic topology

Algebraic topology is a branch of mathematics that uses tools from abstract algebra to study topological spaces. Algebraic topology can be used in a number of other fields such as physics, branches of geometry and number theory.

Algebraic topology can be used to count "holes" in a shape: for example, a wedding ring and a hollow pipe both have one hole, but a figure-8 has two. This can also be done in different dimensions; a hollow sphere has a kind of "2-dimensional" hole.

Kazimierz Łaski

Kazimierz Łaski (December 15, 1921 – October 20, 2015) was a Polish-Austrian economist. He was one of the most famous representatives of Post-Keynesian economics in Austria. He was born in Warsaw, Poland. 

Łaski died in Vienna, Austria at the age of 93.


Marty Ingels

Martin Ingerman (March 9, 1936 – October 21, 2015), known professionally as Marty Ingels, was an American actor, comedian, comedy, sketch writer, theatrical agent. He was known for his role in the 1960s television series" I'm Dickens, He's Fenster". He also voiced many cartoon characters and commercials, such as Pac-Man in the Hanna-Barbera cartoon of the same name.

Ingels was born in Brooklyn, New York City. He began his career in 1958. He was previously married to Jean Marie Frassinxlli from 1964 until their divorce in 1966. He then married actress Shirley Jones in 1977. Ingels died from a massive stroke at Tarzana Medical Center in Tarzana, Los Angeles, on October 21, 2015, at the age of 79.


Mark Murphy

Mark Murphy (March 14, 1932 – October 22, 2015) was an American jazz singer. He was born in Syracuse, New York, but spent most of his life in New Jersey. 

He was won the 1996, 1997, 2000, and 2001 "Down Beat" magazine readers jazz poll for Best Male Vocalist of the Year. During his career, he had six Grammy award nominations for Best Vocal Jazz Performance. He was also known for his original lyrics to the jazz classics "Stolen Moments" and "Red Clay".

Murphy died on October 22, 2015 in Englewood, New Jersey, aged 83.


Willem Aantjes

Willem "Wim" Aantjes (; 16 January 1923 – 22 October 2015) was a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He served as a Member of the House of Representatives from 26 May 1959 until 7 November 1978.

During World War II Aantjes became a member of the Germanic SS in order to escape forced labor. However, he refused participating in SS activities and was therefore imprisoned in a prison camp.

During his early political career, he was a member for the Anti-Revolutionary Party (ARP) and from 1977 as a dual member for the CDA. He served as the Parliamentary leader of the Anti-Revolutionary Party in the House of Representatives from 22 June 1971 until 30 November 1972 when Barend Biesheuvel the Party leader of the Anti-Revolutionary Party served as Prime Minister.

He served again as the Parliamentary leader from 19 December 1977 until 7 November 1978 when he resigned both his positions because of relevations of what happened in World War II.

Aantjes died in Utrecht, Netherlands at the age of 92.


Marshawn Lynch

Marshawn Lynch (born April 22, 1986) is an American football running back. He played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Buffalo Bills and Seattle Seahawks. He was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the first round of the 2007 NFL Draft. His aggressive running style has earned him the name "Beast Mode".

Marshawn grew up in Oakland, California with his three siblings and his mother. His mother had to work multiple jobs in order to keep the family moving. Lynch's family had a history of being athletes, such as his mother, who had been a very good sprinter at the high school that Marshawn was attending at the time (Oakland Technical High School). Lynch played many different positions during high school, including Defensive Back, Quarterback, Wide Receiver, and Linebacker.


Mario Beccaria

Mario Beccaria (18 June 1920 – 22 November 2003) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Christian Democracy Party. He served as mayor of his city and as member of the Chamber of Deputies.

Beccaria died on 22 November 2003, aged 83. In Sant'Angelo Lodigiano it has been dedicated a street to him.

Hurricane Patricia

Hurricane Patricia of 2015 was the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Western Hemisphere. The storm was headed for western Mexico. Its winds grew to Category 5 level and reached 215 mph. 

Patricia had the highest hurricane winds since Hurricane Linda in 1997.

On April 25, 2016, the name "Patricia" was retired and replaced with "Pamela".

Typhoon Vera

Typhoon Vera, also called the Isewan Typhoon, was a super typhoon that struck Japan in September 1959. It was the strongest and deadliest typhoon ever in the country. It was also a severe setback to the Japanese economy (Japan was still recovering from World War II). Vera's wind speed was . 

It was given the name "Vera" by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center. It caused extensive damage to Ise Bay ("Isewan" in Japanese) which is why it is called the Isewan Typhoon in Japan. Overall damage from the storm was ¥600 million. More than 5,000 people lost their lives in the typhoon.

Ricardo Dolz y Arango

Ricardo Dolz y Arango (January 3, 1861 - July 5, 1937‏) was the rector of and a member of the World Court. 

He was born on January 3, 1861 to Juan Norberto Dolz y Guzman and María de la Luz Arango Molina. He was the rector of University of Havana and a member of the World Court in The Hague, Netherlands. He died on July 5, 1937 of a heart attack at his home in Havana, Cuba, at the age of 76.

Damages

In law, damages are an award, usually of money. It is to be paid to a person as compensation for loss or injury. The rules for damages can and frequently do vary based on the type of claim which is presented (e.g., breach of contract versus a tort claim) and the jurisdiction. Damages are not the same as court costs which includes the costs to bring a legal case to court. The losing party may also have to pay court costs.

In common law countries, damages are usually categorized into compensatory (or actual) damages, and punitive damages. Compensatory damages are further categorized into special damages and general damages. Special damages include economic losses such as loss of earnings, property damage and medical expenses. General damages are noneconomic damages such as pain and suffering and emotional distress. Statutory damages are those required by statute.

Compensatory damages are paid to compensate the claimant for loss, injury, or harm suffered as a result of another's negligence (tort law). Expectation damages are used in contract law. In civil law countries, these are called "ordinary damages" and may be limited to actual loss.

Generally, punitive damages, which are also termed "exemplary damages" in the United Kingdom, are not awarded in order to compensate the plaintiff, but in order to reform or deter the defendant. They are also to intended to be an example to others not to do the same thing. Punitive damages are awarded when it is determined that compensatory damages are not enough. Punitive damages are awarded over and above the amount of compensatory damages, such as in the event of malice or intent. Great judicial restraint is expected to be exercised in their use. In the United States punitive damages awards are subject to the limitations imposed by the due process of law clauses of the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution.

Punitive damages in most civil law countries are not awarded. 

Statutory damages are an amount stated within the statute rather than calculated based on the degree of harm to the plaintiff. Lawmakers will provide for statutory damages for acts in which it is difficult to determine the value of the harm to the victim. Someone breaking the law can entitle the victim to a statutory award. This is even if no actual injury happened. 

For example, United States Civil Code 18 USC §§2520 provides for statutory damages to victims of various wiretapping offenses.

Equity (law)

In common law countries equity is based on a judiciary assessment of fairness. It is what is often what is considered fair and right under natural law. It is used when the laws themselves do not address an issue or are inadequate in some way. Examples of equity decisions include imposing a lien, correcting a property line or ordering someone to do something to prevent damage.

Common law in England can be traced back to the Norman conquest. The laws, such as they were then, did not address every concern. At first, a subject (of the king) had to petition the king to ask to be heard in his court. One of the first instances of this was in 1070 when Lanfranc, the Archbishop of Canterbury had a case against Odo, Earl of Kent, the king's brother. The archbishop petitioned that lands taken by Odo be restored. Rules of equity began when it became apparent that the common law courts could not solve all legal problems. The king set up courts of chancery (equity). By the 1800s the equity courts were becoming obsolete. In 1875 Parliament did away with the chancery courts altogether.

States in New England followed the English tradition of maintaining separate courts for law and equity. Others, however, combined their courts with both types of jurisdiction. This is what Congress did with respect to the US federal courts. United States bankruptcy courts are the one example of US federal courts which operate as courts of equity.


Commoners

The terms commoners, common people or the masses refers to ordinary people who are members of neither the nobility nor the priesthood. In a system of social classes, they are those without title or rank. Since the 20th century, the term "common people" has been used in its place. It refers to typical members of society in contrast to those who are highly privileged (in either wealth or influence).

In Europe, a concept of common people started in the classical antiquity of ancient Rome around the 6th century BC. The Roman social division was into patricians (nobles) and plebeians (commoners). The division may have been instituted by King Servius Tullius as an alternative to the previous three noble tribes or clans, whose divisions had caused conflict.

The ancient Greeks generally had no concept of class and their leading social divisions were simply non-Greeks, free-Greeks and slaves. With the growth of Christianity in the 4th century AD, a new world view arose in European thinking about social division, which continued until at least early modern times.

Saint Augustine stated that social division was a result of the Fall of Man. The three leading divisions were considered to be the priesthood (clergy), the nobility, and the common people. That would sometimes be expressed as "those who prayed", "those who fought" and "those who worked". The Latin terms for the three classes ("oratores", "bellatores" and "laboratores") are often found even in modern textbooks, and have been used in sources since the 9th century.

Lateral sulcus

The lateral sulcus (also called Sylvian fissure or lateral fissure) is one of the most prominent structures of the human brain.
It divides the frontal lobe and parietal lobe above from the temporal lobe below. It is in both hemispheres of the brain. A sulcus is a depression or groove in the cerebral cortex.

The lateral sulcus first appears around the fourteenth week of gestation.

Principal Skinner

Principal W. Seymour Skinner (born Armin Tamzarian) is a fictional character on the long running TV show The Simpsons. His voice is performed by Harry Shearer. He is the principal of Springfield Elemantary School.

He was named after the behavioral psychologist B. F. Skinner.

Skinner was a sergeant in the United States Army during the Vietnam War and now he is the principal of Springfield Elementary School. He has developed a love-hate relationship with Bart Simpson.

Leon Bibb

Leon Bibb (February 7, 1922 – October 23, 2015) was an American folk singer. He grew up in Kentucky, studied voice in New York, and worked on Broadway. His career began when he became a featured soloist of the Louisville Municipal College glee club as a student. He was known for performing at "Hootenanny", on "The Ed Sullivan Show" and performed with Bill Cosby on tours.

He lived in Vancouver, British Columbia in Canada since 1969. He died in Vancouver at the age of 93.

Krunoslav Hulak

Krunoslav Hulak (25 May 1951 – 23 October 2015) was a Croatian chess master. He was awarded the International Master title in 1974, and the grandmaster title in 1976. Hulak was born in Osijek, Croatia.

Hulak died in Zagreb, Croatia, aged 64.


Speedway, Indiana

Speedway is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. It is the home of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.

National Informatics Centre

The National Informatics Centre (NIC) is a science and technology group that is part of India's government. It is regulated by the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY).

It was founded in 1976. NIC is responsible for providing IT support to Goverment of India and it also maintains the National Portal of India that contains the Constitution of India.


1959 Mexico hurricane

The 1959 Mexico hurricane was one of only two Category 5 Eastern Pacific hurricanes to make landfall in Mexico. It was first observed south of Mexico on October 23. The storm intensified into a Category 3 hurricane on October 25 and a Category 4 the following day. The storm later turned toward the northeast and intensified to Category 5 level. It made landfall near Manzanillo, Mexico.

The hurricane caused at least $280 million in damage. More than 1,800 people lost their lives.

Shel Dorf

Sheldon "Shel" Dorf (July 5, 1933 – November 3, 2009) was an American comic-strip letterer and freelance artist. He is known for being the founder of the San Diego Comic-Con International. Dorf lettered the "Steve Canyon" comic strip for the last 12 to 14 years of the strip's run.

Amancio Ortega

Amancio Ortega Gaona (; born 28 March 1936) is a Spanish fashion businessman. He is the founding chairman of the Inditex fashion group.

He is best known for its chain of Zara clothing and accessories retail shops. He is the second richest person in the world just behind American billionaire Bill Gates, with a net worth of USD $78.6 billion.

Brayden McNabb

Brayden Luke McNabb (born January 28, 1991) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Buffalo Sabres and Los Angeles Kings. 

Before playing in the NHL, McNabb played parts of 4 seasons with the Kootenay Ice of the Western Hockey League (WHL). McNabb played for Team Canada during the 2009 IIHF World U18 Championships and won a gold medal with Canada at the 2008 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament.

He was drafted 66th overall by the Buffalo Sabres in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. He signed a three-year entry level contract with the Sabres on May 18, 2011. On November 26, 2011, McNabb made his NHL debut in a 5–1 win against the Washington Capitals. On December 26, 2011, he scored his first NHL goal against Tomáš Vokoun of the Washington Capitals in a 4-2 win. 

On March 5, 2014, the Sabres traded McNabb, along with Jonathan Parker and two draft picks, to the Los Angeles Kings in exchange for Hudson Fasching and Nicolas Deslauriers. 


Pseudogene

Pseudogenes are genes that have lost their function. They have lost their gene expression in the cell or their ability to code protein. The term was coined in 1977.

Pseudogenes can result from mutations in a gene whose product is not needed for the survival of the organism. Although not protein-coding, the DNA of pseudogenes may be functional. It may be similar to other kinds of non-coding DNA which have a regulatory role.

Most have some gene-like features. They lack protein-coding ability resulting from a variety of disabling mutations, or their inability to encode RNA (such as with rRNA pseudogenes). 

Pseudogenes are generally thought of as the last stop for genomic material that is to be removed from the genome, so they are often labeled as junk DNA. Pseudogenes contain fascinating biological and evolutionary histories in their sequences. This is due to a pseudogene's shared ancestry with a functional gene. In the same way that Darwin thought of two species as having a shared common ancestry followed by millions of years of evolutionary divergence (see speciation), a pseudogene and its associated functional gene also share a common ancestor and have diverged as separate genetic entities over millions of years.

Vigo County, Indiana

Vigo County ( or ) is a county along the western border of Indiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 106,153. The county seat is Terre Haute.

Ján Chryzostom Korec

Ján Chryzostom Korec, SJ (22 January 1924 – 24 October 2015) was a Slovak Jesuit Cardinal and Bishop Emeritus of the Diocese of Nitra. He served in the church from 1990 through 2005. He was in jail for eight years (1960-1968) because of his activism against Communism.

Korec was born in Bošany, Czechoslovakia. He died in Nitra, Slovakia at the age of 91.


Pseudepigrapha

Pseudepigrapha (pseudo = false; graphe = writing) are falsely attributed works. They are written works not by their supposed author.

Apocryphal books are Jewish religious works thought to be written about 300 BC to 300 AD. They are distinguished by Protestants from the deuterocanonical (Catholic and Orthodox) or Apocrypha (Protestant). These books appear in the Septuagint and Vulgate but not in the Hebrew Bible or in Protestant bibles.

The term has also been used by some Muslims who claim that most hadiths are fabrications created in the 8th and 9th century AD, and which are falsely attributed to the Islamic prophet Muhammad.

Defense (legal)

In civil proceedings and criminal prosecutions under the common law, a defendant may raise a defense (or defence) in an attempt to avoid criminal or civil liability. It is an answer, made by a defendant to a plaintiff's action or a denial of a prosecutor's charges. It is also an answer in equity.

Under common law, a defendant may raise any of the numerous defenses to limit or avoid liability. These include:

In a criminal trial, there are a wide variety of defenses offered. Some of these include:

Many of the above are considered an affirmative defense in which case the burden of proof may be on the defendant to prove their innocence. Otherwise in a criminal trial the burden of proof usually rests with the prosecution. They must prove the defendant is guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.


Defense

Defense or defence may refer to:






Drama (Jamelia album)

Drama is the debut studio album by British singer and songwriter Jamelia. It was released by Parlophone Records in the United Kingdom in June 2000.



UK Album Chart Peak Position 39

Thank You (Jamelia album)

Thank You is the second studio album by British singer-songwriter Jamelia. It was first released on 29 September 2003 by Parlophone Records.

Original release
Re-release
French Edition Alternate Track
International Re-release Bonus Track
Japanese Edition Bonus Tracks

Colin Gubbins

Colin Gubbins was Major-General Sir Colin McVean Gubbins KCMG DSO MC (2 July 1896 – 11 February 1976). He was head of the Special Operations Executive (SOE) in the Second World War.

Gubbins was also responsible for setting up the secret Auxiliary Units, a civilian force to operate behind the German lines if the United Kingdom was invaded during Operation Sea Lion, Germany's planned invasion.

Military Cross

The Military Cross (MC) is the third-level military award given to officers and (since 1993) other ranks of the British Armed Forces. Previously it was also awarded to officers of other Commonwealth countries.

The MC is granted in recognition of "an act or acts of exemplary gallantry during active operations against the enemy on land to all members, of any rank in Our Armed Forces". In 1979, the Queen approved a proposal that some awards, including the Military Cross, could be awarded posthumously.

Walk with Me (Jamelia album)

Walk with Me is the third studio album by British singer-songwriter Jamelia. It was released by Parlophone Records on 25 September 2006 in the UK and Europe. It was released on 17 March 2007 in Australia.



Bad Ass Strippa

"Bad Ass Strippa" is the debut single by Jentina from her self-titled debut album, "Jentina". It was released in Ireland, Italy, and the United Kingdom. It reached number 22 on the UK Singles Chart.





Mysterious (song)

"Mysterious" is the third and final single by Jentina from her self titled debut album, "Jentina". It was released only in Italy where it reached number 49 on the Italian charts.


Ashland, Concordia Parish, Louisiana

Ashland is an unincorporated community in Concordia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ashland, Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana

Ashland is a village in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the third least populous municipality in Natchitoches Parish (after Powhatan and Robeline, Louisiana) It was incorporated in 1963. A few residences and a convenience store to the north spill over into neighboring Bienville Parish. The population was 269 at the 2010 census but went down 28 percent to 194 in 2020. The median age is 51.8 years, as of 2020. Ashland is part of the Natchitoches Micropolitan Statistical Area but is located nearly forty miles to the north of the parish seat of Natchitoches.

On September 2, 2011, a forest fire destroyed ten houses between Ashland and Creston, but residents escaped personal injury. According to Louisiana Commissioner of Agriculture and Forestry Mike Strain, the blaze scorched several thousand acres and was propelled by past drought conditions combined with high winds coming from the aftermath of Tropical Storm Lee in the Gulf of Mexico.

Defence in depth

Defense in depth (also known as deep or elastic defense) is a military strategy. The delaying tactic is intended not to stop the advance of an enemy but to slow it down. A defense in deep buys time by slowly yielding to the enemy and usually causes additional casualties. That may slow down an advancing army and cause it to lose momentum.

Hannibal used the tactic at the Battle of Cannae in 216 BC. Facing a much larger Roman army, he placed his less experienced soldiers in the centre and his most experienced fighters on both sides. When the Romans advanced, his centre gradually moved back, and the troops on the wings began to surround the Romans. That was the largest slaughter of Roman soldiers in the history of the Roman Republic.

The classic example is medieval hill forts and castles with rings of defenses (usually walls). The inner circles of defenders support the outer circles with missile fire. The attackers must breach all of the lines of defense and exhaust themselves in the process.

The German Army started to use the tactic in 1917, during World War I., and continued the tactic with a great effect against both the French Army and the British Army until July 1918. The arrival of the US Army, which joined the French and the British, ended the effectiveness of the tactic.

A properly-planned defense in depth may reduce or eliminate any advantage that attacking forces might havesuch as superior numbers. The defenders place the the attackers behind several layers of defense . The defenders then let the attackers wear down their forces, and the defenders slowly give ground and move back to the next layer of defense.

Carl von Clausewitz, Sun Tzu, and the martial art of Budō consider the preferred form of war to be defense. Clausewitz stated that provides the defenders with additional . A defence in depth may prevent an enemy from surrounding a position and provides an excellent opportunity to counterattack.

A defense in space is being absent when an enemy attacks. A defense in time is slowing down or blocking an enemy that attacks.

A similar tactic is called a delaying action. when a smaller force to harasses a larger force to delay its advance and to inflict as much damage as possible to the larger force without directly engaging it. That allows the defending army's main force to disengage an enemy and to maintain good order. The main force is given the time necessary to set up a new defensive position. The small force protecting the larger force is called a rearguard.

A famous rearguard example was given in the "Song of Roland". The nephew of Charlemagne, Roland, commanded the rearguard at the Battle of Roncevaux Pass. He and his men protected the rear of the Frankish army while it retreated to France. In his delaying action, Roland and all of his men were killed in an ambush.

Defense (sports)

In many team sports, the defence or defense is the action of those players responsible for preventing the other team from scoring. The term may also refer to the tactics involved in defense. It can also be a specialty team whose primary responsibility is defense. Similarly, a defense player or defender is a player who is tasked with stopping the other team from scoring. The defender also protects their own team's goalkeeper or goaltender. This is in association football, ice hockey, water polo and many other sports.

In American football the defense is the part of the team that is tasked with preventing the other team's ball carrier from scoring. The defense consists of 11 players.

<br>

Cody Eakin

Cody Eakin (born May 24, 1991) is a Canadian ice hockey centre. He plays in the National Hockey League (NHL). He has played for the Buffalo Sabres, Winnipeg Jets, Washington Capitals, Dallas Stars, and Vegas Golden Knights. 

Before playing in the NHL, Eakin played parts of 4 seasons with the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League (WHL). 

He was drafted 85th overall by the Washington Capitals in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. He signed a three-year entry level contract with the Capitals on October 20, 2009. 

On November 1, 2011, Eakin was called up from the Hershey Bears. The same day, Eakin made his NHL debut in a 5-4 overtime win against the Anaheim Ducks. On November 4, 2011, Eakin scored his first NHL goal against Cam Ward of the Carolina Hurricanes. 

On June 22, 2012, the Capitals traded Eakin along with a second round pick to the Dallas Stars in exchange for Mike Ribeiro. 

Nigella sativa

Nigella sativa is a black cumin (also known as nigella or "kalonji"). It is an annual flowering plant in the family Ranunculaceae. It is from south and southwest Asia. "Nigella sativa" can grow to be tall.

The black cumin fruit has numerous seeds which are used as spice, sometimes as a replacement for original black cumin "Bunium bulbocastanum". These two plants are both called 'black cumin' on account of their seeds.


2007 New York Giants season

The 2007 New York Giants season was the team's 83rd season in the National Football League. They finished with 10 wins and 6 losses. They finished second in the NFC East. They earned the fifth seed in the playoffs.

This Giants got into the playoffs in this season. The first playoff game was against the 4th-seeded Tampa Bay Buccaneers. It was played at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida. The Giants won that game 24-14. Neither team met in the regular season or preseason. The next 3 games were opponents they faced in the regular season.

The second playoff game was against the Dallas Cowboys. It was played at Texas Stadium in Irving, Texas. The Giants had lost their two previous games against the Cowboys, but this time they won 21-17. Tony Romo would throw an interception at the near end of the game.

The third playoff game was against the second-seeded Green Bay Packers. It was played at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Brett Favre threw an interception in overtime to Corey Webster. The interception is Favre's last pass as a Packer. The Giants won 23-20.

In Super Bowl XLII, the Giants played the New England Patriots. The Patriots had completed the regular season undefeated and were heavy favorites. The game is remembered for the Helmet Catch, when David Tyree caught the ball against his helmet in the fourth quarter. The Giants won the game 17-14. The game was an upset for the Patriots. It stopped the Patriots from becoming the NFL's first 19-0 team.

The team was the first NFL International Series participant to win a Super Bowl. They played the Miami Dolphins in the International Series. That was the first game to be played in London.

The 2007 Giants was the first NFC team to win three games on the road, followed by the Green Bay Packers 3 years later.

In two of their playoff games, the Giants wore blue jerseys against Tampa Bay and Dallas.

The 2007 Giants are remarked a cinderalla story. 

John Barnes Wells

John Barnes Wells (October 17, 1880 - August 8, 1935) was "one of the best-known concert singers in New York." He was a popular singer. He was on many 78-rpm recordings released in the early 1900s. He starred in the 1903 musical theater production of "The Wizard of Oz". One of his last performances was in "Uncle Tom's Cabin" (1933).

He was born on October 17, 1880 in Ashley, Pennsylvania. He died on August 8, 1935 in Roxbury, New York.

Superstar – The Hits

Superstar – The Hits is the first greatest hits album by British singer-songwriter Jamelia, released by Parlophone Records on 24 September 2007.

Jamelia said about the album "It seems the right time to put out a Greatest Hits and have all the best tracks I've recorded from the past ten years on one album".

Jamelia – The Collection

Jamelia – The Collection is the second greatest hits album by British singer-songwriter Jamelia. The album was released on July 27, 2009 on Parlophone Records.

Serbo-Croatian Wikipedia

The Serbo-Croatian Wikipedia (Serbo-Croatian: "Wikipedia na srpskohrvatskom jeziku", Википедија на српскохрватском језику) is the Serbo-Croatian version of the online encyclopedia, Wikipedia.

There are also Croatian, Serbian and Bosnian Wikipedias.

It is 19th largest edition by article count.

Minangkabau Wikipedia

The Minangkabau Wikipedia is the Minangkabau version of the online encyclopedia, Wikipedia. See List of Wikipedias.

It is the 31st largest edition by article count.

Gene family

A gene family is a set of several similar genes. They occur by the duplication of a single original gene. Usually they have similar biochemical functions. The idea that genes get duplicated is almost as old as the science of genetics. 

One such family are the genes for human haemoglobin subunits. The ten genes are in two clusters on different chromosomes, called the α-globin and β-globin loci. These two gene clusters are thought to have arisen from a precursor gene being duplicated, about 500 million years ago. 

The biggest gene family is said to be the olfaction genes. The homeobox genes are another important group. 

Genes for the immune system include several gene families. They code for the major histocompatibility complex, and the immunoglobulins. The toll-like receptors are the main sensors of infection in mammals.

2007 New England Patriots season

The 2007 New England Patriots season was the 38th season for the New England Patriots in the NFL. It was their 48th season overall. The Patriots won the AFC East for the sixth time.

In 2007, the Patriots won all sixteen of their regular season games. They became the first team with sixteen wins and no losses after beating the New York Giants 38-35. They were the fourth team to do this.

Before the Super Bowl, the Patriots had 18 wins and no losses (18-0). They played the 5th-seeded New York Giants. They had beaten the Giants 38-35 in the last regular season game. However, the Giants won the Super Bowl 17-14.

In 2015, the Patriots started 10-0 before losing in overtime to the Denver Broncos.

The Patriots did not have to play in the wild card because of their undefeated season.

Mane

Mane may refer to:


Myrna Loy

Myrna Loy (August 2, 1905 – December 14, 1993) was an American movie, television and stage actress. She was known for her roles in "The Thin Man", "The Best Years of Our Lives", "After the Thin Man", "Libeled Lady", and in "Manhattan Melodrama".

Loy devoted herself to acting after a few minor roles in silent films. She was originally typecast in exotic roles, often as a "femme fatale" or a woman of Asian descent. Her career prospects improved greatly after her portrayal of Nora Charles in "The Thin Man" (1934).

Although Loy was never nominated for a competitive Academy Award, in March 1991 she was presented with an Honorary Academy Award.

Loy was born in Helena, Montana. She was raised in Radersburg, Montana. Loy studied at Harvard-Westlake School. Loy died at a hospital in New York City during surgery at the age of 88. She was buried in Forestvale Cemetery in Helena, Montana.


Dick Bavetta

Richard W. "Dick" Bavetta (born December 10, 1939 in Brooklyn, New York) is a retired American professional basketball referee for the National Basketball Association (NBA). 

Since starting in 1975, he had never missed an assigned game. He holds the league record for most officiated games. His game on April 12, 2013 in Washington was his 2,600th consecutive game as an NBA official. He retired in 2014.


Flip Saunders

Philip Daniel "Flip" Saunders (February 23, 1955 – October 25, 2015) was an American basketball player and coach. During his career, he coached the Minnesota Timberwolves, Detroit Pistons and Washington Wizards. He began his career as a coach in 1977. He retired in 2015 due to health reasons.

Saunders was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He studied at the University of Minnesota. Saunders died of Hodgkin's lymphoma in Minneapolis, Minnesota, aged 60.


Roman Polák

Roman Polák (born April 28, 1986) is a Czech ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the HC Vítkovice of the Czech Extraliga (ELH). He has also played for the St. Louis Blues, Toronto Maple Leafs, San Jose Sharks and Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Polák played parts of 1 season with the Kootenay Ice of the Western Hockey League (WHL) and half of 1 season with HC Vítkovice Steel of the Czech Extraliga. Polák played for Czech Republic during the 2004 IIHF World U18 Championships and the 2005 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships. He won a bronze medal at both tournaments. He was drafted 180th overall by the St. Louis Blues in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

On October 9, 2006, Polák made his NHL debut in a 2-0 loss against the Anaheim Ducks. On December 20, 2008, he scored his first NHL goal against Niklas Bäckström of the Minnesota Wild in a 4-2 win. On June 2, 2011, the Blues resigned Polák to a five-year contract extension.

On June 28, 2014, the Blues traded Polák to the Toronto Maple Leafs in exchange for Carl Gunnarsson and a fourth-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.

On June 15, 2020, Polák decided to sign a three-year contract and return to his old team, the HC Vítkovice of the Czech Extraliga (ELH).


Evidence (law)

In law, evidence is an object of some kind, a document of some kind, or the testimony of a person in a court of law. Evidence is used to show something is either true or false. Evidence has to follow rules in most jurisdictions. In the United States, for example, evidence was based on legal precedent until 1975. In that year Congress created the Federal Rules of Evidence. They became the official rules that all forms of evidence must follow in federal courts. Most states in the US use rules based on the federal rules. China, while a civil law country, has followed much of the US Federal Rules of Evidence in their " Uniform Provisions of Evidence".

A subpoena can be used to require a person or organization to provide documents used for evidence.

In most jurisdictions there are exclusionary rules that automatically suppress certain kinds of evidence. For example, in the US, this may be evidence that violates the constitutional rights of a defendant. To be admissible in most jurisdictions, evidence must be relevant and it must be reliable. In most cases evidence that may prejudice a jury or judge against a defendant is inadmissible.


Gourd

Gourds are from the pumpkin family. They are about 15 to 12 inches long. Gourds are mostly found in the United States or in Mexico. Their shape is like a squash. Their color is orange, brown, or green. It is eaten in curries, spaghetti, tacos, and salad.

Impartiality

An part of any of the world's legal systems is impartiality. It is important for tribunals, judges, juries and arbitrators to be impartial. It is equally important for the legal systems themselves to be impartial.

Judges cannot favor one party over another or give more weight to one side's claims than the other. Judges learn about the law from outside the courtroom and before a trial begins. Because of this a judge may have an opinion regarding the law. When a judge expresses these views he or she is not being impartial.

In the US legal system, juries are screened and individuals selected by a process called "voir dire". Both the prosecution and the defense question jury candidates before a judge. This is to see if they can remain impartial. Any person having a personal interest in the outcome of the trial or who is obviously biased may be removed. This is called "striking" a juror. It is rare to have more than 10% of potential jurors struck from a trial. Trial by jury began in the United Kingdom. Except for cases where there is a provision by the law, it is the right of every person accused of a crime to have an impartial jury trial. More and more criminal trials are held without a jury. The less severe crimes are tried by magistrates. The Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms guarantees the right to a fair trial. In Canada juries are made up of 12 ordinary persons, male or female, who are expected to be impartial triers of fact. They decide whether the Crown (the prosecution) has made its case. Judges have the option of increasing the jury to 13 or 14 jurors, but only 12 may vote on the guilt or innocence of the accused. 

Juries in Scotland have 15 jurors. In many European civil law countries and Japan, juries can be made up of laypersons and judges. Also the opposing council may not be able to strike jurors as in the United States. 

Many believe the Magna Carta first guaranteed a right to trial by one's peers. The Latin "judicium parium" does not mean a trial by jury. The word "judicium" in the language of the day meant a judge. The term "liber homo", usually translated as "freeman", at that time were a limited class in England. So it did not mean every person.

Charles Russell

Charles Russell (1817-1892), known as "Black Douglas", was an Australian bushranger, who became famous for robbing miners on the road between Bendigo and Melbourne.

Russell was born in Bristol, England in 1817. After coming to Australia, he was well known as a prize fighter, boxing for money. He began robbing people on their way to and from the goldfields at Bendigo. One report claimed he robbed 16 people and chained them to a log.

In 1860, Wilhelmine Guischard wrote a book called "Black Douglas: An Australian Romance".

In 1926, his pistol was given to the police. Russell had forgotten it during a robbery in 1857. It was planned to be presented in the Castlemaine Art Gallery.

Black Douglas

The Black Douglas may refer to:

Vivian Dandridge

Vivian Alferetta Dandridge (April 26, 1921 – October 26, 1991) was an American singer, dancer and actress. She was the older sister of actress Dorothy Dandridge. She was a member of the Dandridge Sisters music group until it ended in 1940. She played Melisse in the movie "I Walked with a Zombie" (1943). She was in the 1940 movie "Irene".

Dandridge was born in Cleveland, Ohio. She died of a stroke at age 70 in Seattle, Washington.

Moda Domani Institute

Moda Domani Institute was a French higher studies establishment. The school was in Paris, France. It started in 2014. Moda Domani Institute was specialist in the fields of luxury, fashion and design.

The school closes in September 2020, replaced by ISG Luxury Management.


Shigeru Yoshida

Shigeru Yoshida (22 September 1878 – 20 October 1967) was a Japanese diplomat and politician. He served as Prime Minister of Japan from 1946 to 1947 and from 1948 to 1954. 

He was the Ambassador to England in 1936. By 1939 he had fallen out of favor with the government. He was against the military expansion Japan was engaged in at the time. All he felt he could do was retire. He was later imprisoned for these same views. When General Douglas MacArthur became the military governor of Japan, Yoshida was called to Tokyo to become the new foreign minister.

Andy Dalton

Andrew Gregory Dalton (born October 29, 1987) is an American football quarterback for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Texas Christian University (TCU). In his final college game, the 2011 Rose Bowl against the Wisconsin Badgers, Dalton led the Horned Frogs to a 21–19 victory. He left the TCU program as its all-time leader in wins. He also holds several statistical passing records.

Dalton was selected by the Bengals in the second round (35th overall) of the 2011 NFL Draft. He signed a four-year, $5.2 million contract. Under a West Coast-style offensive scheme, Dalton and receiver A.J. Green, the Bengals' 2011 first-round selection from the University of Georgia, have become a great quarterback/receiver combination. Dalton and Green broke NFL records for completions (completed passes) and yards for a rookie quarterback/receiver combination.

Dalton is one of five quarterbacks in NFL history to have thrown for over 3,000 yards in each of his first three seasons. The others are Cam Newton, Peyton Manning, Andrew Luck, and Russell Wilson. Dalton is also one of five to have passed for at least 20 touchdowns in each of his first three seasons. He joins Manning, Luck, Wilson, and Dan Marino. Dalton is the only quarterback to lead the Cincinnati Bengals to four consecutive Playoffs. He is just one of five quarterbacks to lead his team to the playoffs in each of his first four seasons. He is also the Bengals franchise record holder for passing yards and touchdowns in a season. 

Due to his red hair, Dalton has been nicknamed "The Red Rifle" by Bengals fans.

Lisa Jardine

Lisa Anne Jardine, CBE FRS FRHistS (née Bronowski; 12 April 1944 – 25 October 2015) was a British historian of the early modern period. 

Jardine was born in Oxford, England. She studied at Cheltenham Ladies' College, Newnham College, Cambridge, and the University of Essex.

From 1990 to 2011, she was Centenary Professor of Renaissance Studies and Director of the Centre for Editing Lives and Letters at Queen Mary, University of London. From 2008 to January 2014 she was Chair of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority (HFEA).

In 1969, she married scientist Nicholas Jardine, with whom she had a son and a daughter/ In 1982, she married the architect John Hare with whom she had one son. She was the cousin of television director Laurence Moody and actress Clare Lawrence Moody.

Lisa Jardine died of cancer on 25 October 2015, aged 71.

Ed Walker (radio personality)

Ed Walker (April 23, 1932 – October 26, 2015) was an American radio personality from Washington, D.C.. He hosted a weekly four-hour Sunday night program, "The Big Broadcast", on WAMU-FM, featuring vintage radio programs from the 1930s to 1950s, such as "Gunsmoke", "The Jack Benny Show", "The Lone Ranger", "Fibber McGee and Molly", and "Superman". 

Walker began hosting "The Big Broadcast" in 1990 when his friend John Hickman retired hosting due to illness. The show, which started in 1964 as "Recollections", has been the longest running program on WAMU. The show ranks first in its timeslot, and its audience is "remarkably young for a public radio crowd." Walker was blind. 

Walker died in Rockville, Maryland from cancer, aged 83.

Marsha Hunt

Marsha Virginia Hunt (October 17, 1917 – September 7, 2022) was an American movie, theater, and television actress. She was blacklisted by Hollywood movie studio executives in the 1950s. She was known for her roles in "Johnny Got His Gun", "Raw Deal", "Born to the West", "Pilot #5", and in "Pride and Prejudice".

Hunt was born on October 17, 1917, in Chicago. She turned 100 in October 2017.

She was also supportive of humanitarian causes such as fighting world hunger. She has also donated to homeless shelters, supported same-sex marriage, raised awareness of climate change and supported peace in Third World countries.

In 1960, Hunt received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Hunt married producer Jerry "Jay" Hopper from 1938. They divorced in 1943. Hunt married her second husband, screenwriter and radio director Robert Presnell Jr. in 1946. She had a premature daughter who died in 1947. She and her second husband later became foster parents. They remained together until his death in 1986.

Hunt died on September 7, 2022 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 104.


Ann Blyth

Ann Marie Blyth (born August 16, 1928) is an American actress and singer. Her performance as Veda Pierce in the 1945 movie "Mildred Pierce", she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.

Blyth also appeared in "Our Very Own" (with Farley Granger), "The Great Caruso" (with Mario Lanza), "One Minute to Zero" (with Robert Mitchum), "The World in His Arms" (with Gregory Peck), "Rose Marie", "The Student Prince", "Kismet", "The Buster Keaton Story", and "The Helen Morgan Story" (with Paul Newman).


Janis Paige

Janis Paige (born September 16, 1922) is an American movie, musical theatre and television actress. She was born in Tacoma, Washington. Her career began in 1944. She retired in 2001. Paige made her live dramatic TV debut June 27, 1957, in "The Latch Key" on "Lux Video Theatre". 

Paige appeared in many television shows during her career such as "87th Precinct (TV series)","The Pat Boone Chevy Showroom", "Trapper John, M.D.", "All in the Family", "Columbo" and "Caroline in the City", and in the 1975 television movie "John O'Hara's Gibbsville" (also known as "The Turning Point of Jim Malloy").


Barbara Hale

Barbara Hale (April 18, 1922 – January 26, 2017) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as legal secretary Della Street on more than 270 episodes of the long-running "Perry Mason" television series. She was also known for her roles in "The Window", "The Giant Spider Invasion", "Jolson Sings Again", and in "Last of the Comanches". She won an Emmy Award in 1959.

Hale died at her home in Sherman Oaks, California on January 26, 2017 of complications from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, aged 94.


Zwolle, Louisiana

Zwolle is a small town in Sabine Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the second most populous municipality in Sabine Parish (after Many)

Ringgold, Louisiana

Ringgold is a small town in Bienville Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the second most populous municipality in Bienville Parish (after Arcadia)

Gibsland, Louisiana

Gibsland is a small town in Bienville Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the third most populous municipality in Bienville Parish (after Arcadia and Ringgold).

Injunction

An injunction is a court order that either commands or prevents a party from doing a specific act.

Injunctions can be temporary or permanent. A restraining order and a preliminary injunction are examples of temporary injunctions. Either may be issued early in a lawsuit to prevent either party from doing anything that might unfairly influence the outcome of the litigation. A permanent injunction is usually issued after a case is settled. It enforces the final decision of the court.

In the state of New South Wales, an apprehended violence order (AVO) may be issued against a person from whom another person fears violence. They can be issued to prevent physical abuse, harassment or stalking. Any person who violates an AVO may be charged with a criminal offence.

While the United Kingdom has injunctions much the same as other countries they also have super-injunctions. This is an injunction (sometimes called a gag-order) that prevents journalists from writing anything about a court case. It also prevents them from reporting that the injunction itself has been issued. If any injunction in the UK prevents details of the order from being known it is also called a super-injunction.

In common law countries anti-suit injunctions are court orders used to prevent a court or tribunal from assuming jurisdiction or taking over an ongoing lawsuit. An anti-suit injunction may also be used to prevent a party from filing a second lawsuit in another jurisdiction at the same time as the first case. 


Tullos, Louisiana

Tullos is a small town in La Salle and Winn Parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Abita Springs, Louisiana

Abita Springs is a town in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Colville, Washington

Colville (Ktunaxa: "xapqǂinik̓") is a city in Stevens County, Washington, United States. The population was 4,673 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Stevens County.

Vivian, Louisiana

Vivian is a town in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States and is home to the Red Bud Festival. The population was 3,073 at the 2020 census. it is the fourth most populous municipality in Caddo Parish (after Shreveport, Blanchard and Greenwood).

Scott Barr

Harvey Scott Barr, Jr. (August 21, 1916 – October 26, 2015) was an American politician from the U.S. state of Washington. Barr was born in Spokane. He served the 7th district in the Washington House of Representatives from 1977 to 1983, and the same district from 1983 to 1993 in the Washington State Senate. His term ended with his resignation in December 1993. He was a Republican.

Barr died in Colville, Washington on October 26, 2015 from natural causes, aged 99.

Coushatta, Louisiana

Coushatta is the parish seat of Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the most populous municipality in Red River Parish.



Judgment (law)

In law, a judgment is a decision of a court regarding the rights and liabilities of parties in a legal action or proceeding. Judgments also generally provide the court's explanation of why it has chosen to make a particular decision.

The phrase "reasons for judgment" is often used interchangeably with "judgment." The former refers to the court's reasons for arriving at the judgment it did. The latter refers to the final court order. a judgement, whether by a court or a tribunal, is the final part of a court case. The judgement is also called a legal decision.

Case law

Case law in a legal system are those laws based on previous judicial decisions. This is opposed to decisions based on existing statutes or regulations. In countries using common law, it is generally uncodified meaning there are no collections of legal rules, and laws to rely on. Instead they rely on legal precedent. Precedents are previous legal cases that are used as examples for deciding the present case. They are also binding on lower courts where the facts and issues are similar. In countries that use civil law, their laws are codified, and there is much less reliance on case law.

Judges make judicial decisions based on precedent, and their own understanding when there are few or no precedents. This is "judge-made law" as compared to statuary law, which is made by legislatures, and governments. In the United States the courts can rule statutes, and regulations unconstitutional if they go beyond the authority given by the constitution. In the United Kingdom judge-made law, or common law cannot rule against statutes made by an act of Parliament. The judiciary, and legislative branches are not coequal. Judges, however, have traditionally used one of three ways of interpreting statutes: 

Judges make decisions by decisions based on the appropriate laws. They then investigate to learn all the facts. Finally they make a decision. Under civil law, judiciary decisions are not a critical part of forming civil laws. Under Dutch civil law for example, there are so many civil laws that it becomes difficult for lawyers and judges to know if they have found all the laws that apply to a case. Even with all the laws, not every situation is covered. The civil court will research everything it can on the subject, then make a decision. For this reason those who start a legal case never know for certain what the decision will be.


Lien

A lien ( or ) is a form of security interest attached to property to secure the payment of a debt to a creditor. A lien is usually a public record. The owner of the property is called the "lienee". The creditor or person holding the lien is called the "lienor" or "lien holder".

In the United States, the term lien generally refers to a wide range of legal interests. It includes other forms of mortgage or charge. In the USA, a lien is a "non-possessory" security interests meaning the lien holder does not usually possess the property.

In other common law countries, the term lien refers to a very specific type of security interest. The holder of a lien right to retain (but not sell) property until the debt or other obligation is discharged. In contrast to the usage of the term in the USA, in other countries it refers to a purely "possessory" form of security interest. When possession of the property is lost, the lien is released. 

Lanfranc

Lanfranc (1005  1010 at Pavia — 24 May 1089 at Canterbury) was a cleric, teacher and jurist who became Archbishop of Canterbury under William the Conqueror.

This celebrated Italian jurist gave up his career to become a monk at Bec in Normandy. In 1070 he became the Archbishop of Canterbury in England. This was the peak of an extraordinary life.

Lanfranc was born in the early years of the 11th century at Pavia in Italy. His father, Hanbald, held a rank equivalent to a magistrate. He was orphaned at an early age. Lanfranc was trained in the liberal arts. He crossed the Alps, and took up the role of teacher in France and eventually in Normandy. About 1039 he became the master of the cathedral school at Avranches. He taught for three years with much success. 

In 1042 he gave this up to become a monk in the newly founded Bec Abbey. He became the first prior of Bec Abbey in 1045. He became a friend of William, Duke of Normandy and by 1050 his counselor. Lanfranc then became the abbot of St Stephen in Normandy. 

In 1067, when Maurilius, Archbishop of Rouen, died, Lanfranc declined the position. He would not have been able to do so without the consent of William I. It is likely William had something bigger in mind for Lanfranc. In 1070 Stigand, the Archbishop of Canterbury was deposed by papal legates. William brought Lanfranc from Normandy to England to become the Archbishop of Canterbury.

Five Nights at Freddy's (series)

Five Nights at Freddy's is an American horror multimedia franchise created by Scott Cawthon, which began with the eponymous 2014 video game.

The original game ("Five Nights at Freddy's"), was followed by the sequels "Five Nights at Freddy's 2" (2014), "Five Nights at Freddy's 3" (2015), "Five Nights at Freddy's 4" (2015), "" (2016), "Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria Simulator" (2017), "Ultimate Custom Night" (2018), "" (2019), "" (2021)’’.

The franchise has been expanded into four spin-off series, "Five Nights at Candy's", "One Night at Flumpty's," "The Joy of Creation", "Popgoes"; "Into Madness", an upcoming AAA game; "Five Nights at Freddy's Plus", an upcoming remake of the first game; Special Delivery, a mobile game; novels, comic books, short films, a television series; "Freddy & Friends: On Tour!," and an upcoming film of the same name, comprising an all-encompassing fictional universe. The franchise maintains an active fanbase, known for its production of fan art and fangames, and merchandise for the games is available internationally. A horror attraction based on the franchise was featured in The Fright Dome for Halloween in 2016, and it also appeared in "Guinness World Records 2017: Gamer's Edition", where it set a record for the largest amount of sequels released in a year.















Security interest

A security interest is a legal claim on collateral. The collateral can be real estate, personal property or any asset. Collateral is usually used to secure a loan. 

The borrower is the party who borrows the funds. The lender is the one who lends the money in return for a security interest. The lender can repossess the asset if the borrower fails to repay the loan. The lender can then sell the asset to repay the loan. A loan secured by collateral is called a "secured loan" (also called a lien). A loan with no collateral (such as a credit card) is an unsecured loan. There is nothing for the lender to repossess.

There are different types of security interest or liens:

William Benjamin Carpenter

William Benjamin Carpenter MD MRCS CB FRS (29 October 1813 – 19 November 1885) was an English physician, invertebrate zoologist and physiologist. He was instrumental in the early stages of the unified University of London.

Carpenter was born on 29 Oct 1813 in Exeter, the eldest son of Dr Lant Carpenter, an important Unitarian preacher who influenced a "rising generation of Unitarian intellectuals". From his father, Carpenter inherited a belief in the essential lawfulness of the creation: this meant that natural causes were the explanation of the world as we find it. William embraced this "naturalistic cosmogeny" as his starting point.

Although qualified medically, he was best known for his work on marine zoology, notably the lower organisms such as Foraminifera and crinoids. These researches gave an impetus to deep-sea exploration, such as the 1868 oceanographic survey with "HMS Lightning" and later the more famous Challenger Expedition.

In the long term, however, he has become known as a founder of idea of the adaptive unconscious. He observed that the human perceptual system almost completely operates outside of conscious awareness. These same observations were also made by Hermann Helmholtz. Perhaps because these views were in conflict with the theories of Descartes, they were neglected for a hundred years. Carpenter noticed that the more he studied the mechanism of thought, the more clear it became that it operates largely outside awareness. He noticed that the unconscious prejudices can be stronger than conscious thought and that they are more dangerous since they happen outside of conscious.
He also noticed that emotional reactions can occur outside of conscious until attention is drawn to them:
He also asserted both the freedom of the will and the existence of the ego.

In the popular mind, he was perhaps better nown for his work against alcoholism, for which he won a prize of 100 guineas. It was one of the first temperance books.

In 1856 Carpenter became Registrar of the University of London, and held the office for twenty-three years. He was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath.


Particle detector

A particle detector, also known as a radiation detector, is a device used to , , and/or high-energy particles. These particles can be made by nuclear decay, cosmic radiation, or reactions in a particle accelerator. Particle detectors are used in particle physics, nuclear physics, and nuclear engineering. Modern detectors are also used as calorimeters to measure the energy of radiation. They can measure other things, such as the momentum, spin, or charge of the particles.

Detectors designed for modern accelerators are very big. They are also very expensive. They are called "counters" when they simply count particles, but do not measure anything else. Usually, particle detectors can also track ionizing radiation (high energy photons or even visible light).

Many of the detectors invented so far are ionization detectors (such as gaseous ionization detectors and semiconductor detectors) and scintillation detectors. Other principles, such as Čerenkov light and transition radiation, have also been applied to detect particles.

Some detectors are used to measure the amount of radiation so that people can protect themselves from it. Others are used to study nuclear and particle physics.

Detectors have also been used in archaeology. Muon detectors can "see" through solid material such as stone and concrete. Used this way, archaeologists and physicists discovered a room (a burial chamber) behind a wall underground in Naples, Italy. 





Civil and political rights

In international law, civil and political rights are those rights a person has over their own autonomy (civil) and their right to have a part in their government (political). Civil and political rights are guaranteed to every person by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR).

Universal civil rights include:

Political rights include:


Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen

Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen () is a district in Bavaria, Germany.

Hugo Schnars-Alquist

Carl Wilhelm Hugo Schnars-Alquist (October 29, 1855 – August 20, 1939) was a German painter who painted scenes of the sea. His family were merchants and he started working as a merchant himself. Schnars-Alquist was a self-taught painter. In 1886 he was a student of Hans Gude at the Berlin Art Academy. In 1893 he was the German representative for the fine arts at the World's Columbian Exposition. Schnars-Alquist made many sea voyages which taught him how to paint the sea at different Latitudes and from rough sea to calm. He was a member of the jury at the Chicago and Melbourne art exhibitions. He received a Gold medal at Melbourne. Schnars-Alquist was a member of the Hamburg Geographical Society. He also belonged to the Institute for Maritime Studies at the University of Berlin. 

<br>
Hugo Schnars-Alquist (1855 - 1939)

Pleading

Pleading is usually the first step in a lawsuit. This is when parties formally submit their claims and defenses. A "complaint" is the first pleading filed by a plaintiff which starts the lawsuit. A complaint lists the relevant allegations of fact which leads to one or more legal causes of action. It also has a prayer for relief and sometimes a statement of damages claimed. This is called an "ad quod damnum" clause. In some situations, a complaint is called a "petition". In this case the party filing a complaint is called the petitioner and the other party is the respondent. In equity, sometimes called chancery, the initial pleading may be called either a "petition" or a "bill of complaint in chancery".






Complaint

In legal terminology, a complaint is any formal legal document that establishes the facts and legal reasons for a lawsuit. A complaint must list the reasons for the plaintiff's case, and it must ask for a specific legal remedy. Once a complaint is filed with the court a summons (an order from the court) is notifies the defendant a lawsuit has been filed against them. Once a defendant receives notice of a complaint, they must reply within a specified period of time with an answer. Complaints are pleadings that must be written carefully to properly state the facts and legal basis for the claim. Usually this requires the help of an attorney.

In some jurisdictions, specific types of criminal cases may also be started by the filing of a complaint. This is also called a criminal complaint or felony complaint. All criminal cases are prosecuted in the name of the governmental authority. This is the same authority whose criminal laws were broken and who enforces criminal statutes. The government is sometimes called "the state", "the People" or "the Crown" (in Commonwealth realms). In the United States, the complaint is often associated with misdemeanor charges presented by the prosecutor without the grand jury process. In most US jurisdictions, the document presented to and authorized by a grand jury is called an indictment.

Vitamin B12

Vitamin B (or vitamin B-12) is also called cobalamin. It has a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system, and in the formation of blood. It is one of the eight B vitamins. 

B is normally involved in the metabolism of every cell of the human body, especially DNA synthesis and regulation, but also fatty acid and amino acid metabolism. Fungi, plants and animals (including humans) cannot produce vitamin B. Only bacteria and archaea have enzymes for its synthesis, although animals can convert it to the version they need. 

Many foods are a natural source of B because of bacterial symbiosis. It is produced by some of the gut flora of herbivores. Carnivores, of course, eat herbivores. Also algae and plants get it from symbiosis. So, by one route or another, animals must get vitamin B from bacteria (and archaea).

The vitamin is the largest and most structurally complicated vitamin. It can be produced industrially only by bacterial fermentation-synthesis.

Vitamin B is a group of chemically related compounds, all of which have vitamin activity. It contains the biochemically rare element cobalt sitting in the center of a ring called a corrin ring. In the human body it is converted to the human physiological forms.

Vitamin B was discovered by its relationship to pernicious anemia, which is an autoimmune disease. Because an "intrinsic factor" is needed for B to be absorbed, its lack causes a vitamin B deficiency. Many other kinds of vitamin B deficiency have since been found.

Louis Agassiz

Jean Louis Rodolphe Agassiz (May 28, 1807 – December 14, 1873) was a Swiss-born and European-trained biologist and geologist. His work on natural history in Europe and the Americas was important.

His reputation now is less good, because he fought against the theory of evolution, and held wrong ideas about human races. He thought the different human races were of different origins. This idea is called "polygenism". Darwin's comment at the end is interesting:

After visiting Harvard University in mid-career, he emigrated to the U.S. in 1847 and became a professor of zoology and geology at Harvard. He founded its Museum of Comparative Zoology.

Agassiz made extensive contributions to ichthyology (including extinct species). He founded glaciology, the study of ice fields and ice ages.

Maps.me

MAPS.ME (formerly named MapsWithMe) is a mobile app for Android, iOS and BlackBerry that provides offline maps using OpenStreetMap data. In November 2014 it was acquired by Mail.Ru Group and became part of its My.com brand. In September 2015 the app was open sourced. MapsWithMe was created by Yury Melnichek, Alexander Borsuk and Viktor Govako.


Cruachan Power Station

The Cruachan Power Station (also known as the Cruachan Dam) is a pumped-storage hydroelectric power station in Argyll and Bute, Scotland. The turbine hall is located inside Ben Cruachan. Water is pumped between Cruachan Reservoir to Loch Awe, a height difference of . It is one of only four pumped storage power stations in the UK. It is capable of providing a black start capability to the National Grid.

Construction began in 1959 at the same time as the Hunterston A nuclear power station in Ayrshire. It was completed in 1965. Cruachan uses cheap off-peak electricity generated at night to pump water to the higher reservoir. It can then be released during the day to provide power as necessary. The power station is open to visitors. Around 50,000 tourists visit it each year.

Steppe Geoglyphs

The Steppe Geoglyphs are a number of Neolithic earth constructions in the Turgay Trough area of Turgai in northern Kazakhstan. There are at least 260 of these earthworks.

Many or all of them are smaller earthworks (mounds, trenches and ramparts) arranged with each other to make geometric and other shapes (composite figures). These shapes are squares, rings and three others. The composite figures range from slightly under 90 m in length to over 400 m in diameter.
Besides being made of earth dug out and piled up, some of the geoglyphs are made by placing stones next to each other. 

Some of the large shapes have been given names, including Bestamskoe Ring, Ushtogaysky ("or" Ushtogay) Square, Turgay triradial swastika, Large cross Ashtasti, Ekedyn cross, Ashutasti ring, Kyzyloba line, Koga cross, and Shili square. 

Optical dating (optically stimulated luminescence) was used to get a date for these structures. The results indicate that they date between eight and one thousand years ago. 

The earthworks were discovered in 2007 by Dimitriy Dey. He found them when he was looking at Google Earth. He had been looking for pyramids or similar structures in Kazakhstan. The geoglyphs were first reported to the scientific community in 2014.

Road construction in 2013 damaged one of the structures. 


Right to a fair trial

The right to fair trial is an essential right in all countries respecting the rule of law. A trial in these countries that is considered unfair will typically be restarted, or its verdict thrown out. Some of the rights that make a trial fair are explicitly proclaimed in Article 10 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. They are clearly stated in the Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution. They are also stated in Article 6 of the European Convention of Human Rights, and in Article 14 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, as well as numerous other constitutions and declarations throughout the world. There is no binding international law that defines what is or is not a fair trial. For example, the right to a jury trial and other important procedures vary from nation to nation.


Due process

Due process is the legal requirement that the government must respect all legal rights that are owed to a person. Due process balances the power of law of the land and protects the individual person from it. When a government harms a person without following the exact course of the law, this is a due process violation, which offends the rule of law.

Due process has also been frequently interpreted as limiting laws and legal proceedings. This means that judges—instead of legislators—may define and guarantee basic fairness, justice, and liberty. This interpretation has proven controversial, and is seen as being closer to the concepts of natural justice, and procedural justice used in various other jurisdictions. This interpretation of due process is sometimes expressed as a command that the government must not be unfair to the people or abuse them physically.

Due process developed from clause 39 of the Magna Carta in England. The Magna Carta called it "the law of the land" which became the more modern term due process. When English and American law gradually went in different directions, due process was not upheld in England, but did become part of the Constitution of the United States. It is found in the Fifth Amendment which says "No person shall…be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law,". It is applied to all states by the Fourteenth Amendment.

Due process is not used in contemporary English law. But it recognizes two similar concepts are natural justice and the British constitutional concept of the rule of law. However, neither concept lines up perfectly with the American theory of due process. It contains many implied rights not found in the ancient or modern concepts of due process in England. 

Islamic law provides for due process. It includes the presumption of innocence, the right to remain silent and a fair and public trial before a judge. There is no jury and both parties, the injured party and the accused, usually present their own cases.

Scandinavia gets high ratings by the World Justice Project. They were noted for their criminal justice system including their observance of due process. As of the 2013 "Rule of Law Index", the Scandinavian countries were rated higher than the US for due process. The three lowest rated countries in the index were Afghanistan, Zimbabwe and Venezuela.



Saskia Post

Saskia Post (1 January 1961 – 16 March 2020) was American-born Australian actress. She is best known for her leading role in the 1986 movie, "Dogs in Space", with Michael Hutchence. 

Post also acted in the 1985 AFI Award winning movie, "Bliss" and in the 1991 movie "Proof". It was chosen as "Best Film" at the 1991 AFI Awards. 

Saskia Post was born in Martinez, California in 1961. Her family moved to Australia in 1975. In high school she studied acting and singing. After graduation, she spent a year attending acting workshops and dance classes in Sydney. Saskia then studied drama and arts at the University of New South Wales but dropped out after one year. She took acting classes at The Drama School in 1981. 

Post got her first television role in 1982. She played Julianna Sleven, a Dutch refugee, in "The Sullivans". The program was an Australian drama television series about a middle-class Melbourne family and the effect World War II had on their lives. Post moved to Melbourne to work on the series for twelve months before leaving in 1984. That same year she had a role in the movie "One Night Stand", as Eva, a bank teller from the Czech Republic.
In 1985, Post appeared in the AFI Award winning movie "Bliss", as Honey Barbara's daughter. 

Post had a leading role in the 1986 movie "Dogs in Space", directed by Richard Lowenstein. The movie is about a group of young musicians and music fans sharing a house in the Melbourne suburb of Richmond. Post plays Anna, the girlfriend of Sam (Michael Hutchence). Anna dies of a heroin overdose after trying the drug for a second time.

Post has also acted in many stage performances in Melbourne. These include "Endgrain", "Train to Transcience", "Could I Have this Dance?", "In Angel Gear", "Figures in Glass", "Skin" and "Vincent in Brixton".

Post died of cardiac arrest at the Alfred Hospital in Melbourne on 16 March 2020, aged 59.


Roosevelt Island Bridge

The Roosevelt Island Bridge is a bridge in New York. It is a lift bridge. It connects Roosevelt Island in Manhattan to Astoria in Queens. It crosses the East Channel of the East River. The bridge is the only route to the island for vehicles and foot traffic, except for public transportation.

Construction of the bridge began on March 17, 1952. The cost was $6.5 million. It opened on May 18, 1955, as the Welfare Island Bridge. The name was changed to the "Roosevelt Island Bridge" in 1973.

Before the bridge was built, the only way vehicles could access Roosevelt Island was by using an elevator on the Queensboro Bridge. The elevator was torn down in 1970.

In 2001, the New York City Department of Transportation considered converting the Roosevelt Island Bridge into a fixed bridge. This was to reduce the cost of its maintenance. The bridge is rarely opened (raised for ships to go underneath), because most ships passing by Roosevelt Island use the West Channel of the East River. Most of the bridge openings occur in September during the General Assembly at the United Nations. During this time the West Channel is closed for security reasons.

When the bridge is raised for ships to go underneath, the distance between the water and the bridge is . The bridge is wide. Its total length, including approaches, is . The main span (distance across) is long.

The Roosevelt Island Bridge provides direct access to the 'Motorgate Parking Garage', which was designed to minimize vehicle traffic on the island. The garage was completed in 1974 and later expanded in 1990.


List of World Heritage Sites in Chile

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Sites are places of importance to cultural or natural heritage. Below is the list of sites in Chile.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

Chile agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 1980.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

As of 2014, there are 17 places in Chile which are on the World Heritage List. 

There are 17 sites which are on a tentative list.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed. "" is the list.



The Mighty Mighty Bosstones

The Mighty Mighty Bosstones (informally known as The Bosstones) are an American ska punk band from Boston, Massachusetts which formed in 1983. The Bosstones are widely credited as one of the originators of the genre of ska punk, a style which mixes the rhythms of ska music with the fast tempo and distortion of punk rock and hardcore punk.

First becoming notable in the underground music scene, the Bosstones steadily grew in popularity throughout the mid-1990s. Their fourth album, 1994's "Question the Answers", sold over 500,000 copies and became a gold record. In 1995, they appeared in the hit movie "Clueless" and in 1997, the band released their most successful album, "Let's Face It", which sold over one million copies and spawned the hit single "The Impression That I Get", which charted at #1 on the Billboard Modern Rock Songs and entered the top 20 in the United States, the United Kingdom and Australia. Although none of the Bosstones' future albums or singles were able to meet with the same kind of success, the band has kept a loyal following and continue to tour and record.

The Bosstones briefly disbanded in 2003, though reunited in 2007 to continue touring and recording. The band has released nine studio albums, three EPs and a live album.




Jämtkraft Arena

Jämtkraft Arena is an association football stadium in the town of Östersund in Sweden. It was opened on 13 July 2007. Among the home teams are Östersunds FK and Östersunds DFF.

Nya Parken

Nya parken is a sports ground in the town of Norrköping int Sweden. It was opened in 1903 as Norrköpings idrottspark. IFK Norrköping, IK Sleipner and IF Sylvia play their soccer home games there. Games were also played there during the 1958 FIFA World Cup and the 1992 UEFA European Championship

Norrporten Arena

Norrporten Arena is a sports ground in the town of Sundsvall in Sweden. It was opened as Sundsvalls idrottspark on 6 August 1903 as. It is currently used mostly for association football games. It is the home ground for GIF Sundsvall.


Old English poetry

The earliest known English poem is a hymn on the creation. Bede says this was by Cædmon (flourished 658–680). He was, according to legend, an illiterate herdsman who produced poetry at a monastery at Whitby. This is probably the earliest written Anglo-Saxon poetry we have.

Much of the poetry of the period is difficult to date, or even to arrange chronologically. Estimates for the date of the great epic "Beowulf" range from AD 608 through to AD 1000, and there has never been agreement. 

It is possible to identify some key moments. "The Dream of the Rood" was written before about AD 700, when parts were carved in runes on the Ruthwell Cross. Some poems on historical events, such as "The Battle of Brunanburh" (937) and "The Battle of Maldon" (991), seem to have been written shortly after the events, so they can be dated reasonably precisely.

Anglo-Saxon poetry is known by the manuscripts in which it survives. The most important manuscripts are from the late 10th and early 11th centuries. They are known as the Cædmon manuscript, the Vercelli Book, the Exeter Book, and the Beowulf manuscript.

"Beowulf" is the only heroic epic to have survived in its entirety, but fragments of others show that it was not unique in its time. Other genres include much religious verse, from devotional works to biblical paraphrase. 

With one notable exception (the so-called "Rhyming Poem"), Anglo-Saxon poetry depends on alliteration for its structure. Any rhyme included is just ornamental.

Jesus piece (jewelry)

A Jesus piece is a spiritual or religious piece of jewelry which shows the face of Jesus. 

Jesus pieces are popular in the Hip-Hop community. Many Hip-Hop artists and celebrities like The Notorious B.I.G. usually wear Jesus pieces, and will have them decorated with rare or expensive gems (jewels). 

Less expensive Jesus diamond pieces are also sold. They are made of things like wood or inexpensive metals.

The first Jesus piece was worn by Christopher Wallace (The Notorious B.I.G.). It was made by Tito Caicedo, Wallace's jeweler (jewelry-maker). Wallace had Caicedo make many more Jesus pieces, paying him about $10,000 for each. Wallace had worn some of these Jesus pieces himself, and gave others pieces to his peers. The Jesus pieces were decorated with expensive gems, especially on Jesus's hair.

Unfaithful (song)

"Unfaithful" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her second studio album "A Girl like Me" (2006). It was written by Shaffer "Ne-Yo" Smith with the song's producers StarGate. The song was released by Def Jam Recordings on May 2, 2006, as the second single from the album. It is a R&B song that is about cheating, it was also different because it was the first ballad Rihanna had released.

"Unfaithful" has been performed by Rihanna many times, including on July 27, 2006, she performed the song on the MTV series, "Total Request Live". Rihanna opened the 2006 MOBO Awards on September 20, 2006 at the Royal Albert Hall in London with a performance of "Unfaithful". On November 15, 2006, Rihanna performed the song at the 2006 World Music Awards, which also took place in London. Rihanna wore a long, purple gown. The song was also sung on her first major North American tour (2006). On July 7, 2007, Rihanna together with other artists performed at the Live Earth Concerts, which were held to raise awareness of global warming. She performed "Unfaithful", "Shut Up and Drive", and "Umbrella".

"Unfaithful" was the twelfth song on the set list of Rihanna's Good Girl Gone Bad Tour (2007–2009), her first major world tour. Her performance in Manchester was released in the UK through iTunes and is featured on the "Good Girl Gone Bad Live" DVD. Rihanna was an opening act on some dates on Kanye West's Glow in the Dark Tour (2008–2009). Her set list featured "Unfaithful" and other songs from her 2007 release "Good Girl Gone Bad" including "Don't Stop the Music", "Shut Up and Drive" and "Umbrella". Following the release of her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009), in the UK, Rihanna performed a "Nokia" promotional concert at the Brixton Academy in London. She performed songs from the new release including "Russian Roulette", "Wait Your Turn" and "Hard", a song Rihanna performed with Young Jeezy. Rihanna performed "Unfaithful", and songs from her older albums, including "Disturbia", "Don't Stop the Music" and "Take a Bow", during this set.

In 2010, to promote her fourth album "Rated R", Rihanna went on her second worldwide tour, Last Girl on Earth Tour (2010–11). "Unfaithful", which she performed while standing on a stage set with red baroque style curtains in the background, was the thirteenth song on the set list. On December 11, 2010, Rihanna was invited to appear on series seven of the UK version of "The X Factor" to perform her new single "What's My Name?. She also performed "Unfaithful" with finalist Matt Cardle, who later won the series. In June 2011, Rihanna embarked upon the Loud Tour, her third major worldwide tour. "Unfaithful" was the fourteenth song on the tour's set list. Rihanna performed the song on a levitating stage while wearing a long yellow dress and with a fan blowing her skirt up,




Jimmy Roberts

James Wilfred "Jimmy" Roberts (April 9, 1940 – October 23, 2015) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman and forward. He went by both the nicknames of Jimmy and Jim. Roberts played for the Montreal Canadiens and for the St. Louis Blues. He won two Stanley Cups during his career. He retired in 1978 after a twenty year career.

Roberts died on October 23, 2015 of cancer in St. Louis, Missouri at the age of 75.

Philip French

Philip Neville French OBE (28 August 1933 – 27 October 2015) was a British movie critic and former radio producer. French began his career in journalism in the late 1950s, before becoming a BBC Radio producer, and later a movie critic.

He began writing for "The Observer" in 1963, and continued to write criticism regularly there until his retirement in 2013.

French was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in December 2012. He died of a heart attack at the age of 82.

Nicolás Fuentes

Nicolás Fuentes Fuentes (20 February 1941 – 28 October 2015) was a Peruvian football player. Fuentes made 17 appearances for the Peru national football team from 1965 to 1971, including playing at the 1970 FIFA World Cup.

Fuentes died from respiratory failure caused by diabetes in Lima, Peru, aged 74.

Ernesto Boy Herrera

Ernesto Boy Herrera (September 11, 1942 – October 29, 2015) was a Filipino politician. Herrera was born in Samboan, Cebu, on September 11, 1942.

He served as Senator of the Philippines. He has been a trade union leader, an advocate of law and order, and a legislator in the 8th, 9th and 10th Congresses. He served as the General Secretary of the Trade Union of Congress of the Philippines from 1983 until his death in 2015.

Herrera died from cardiac arrest in Makati, Philippines, aged 73.


Willis Carto

Willis Allison Carto (July 17, 1926 – October 26, 2015) was a known American figure on the American far right. He called himself aJeffersonian and populist, but was known for his promotion of conspiracy theories and Holocaust denial.

Carto was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana.

Carto was thought to be one of America's most influential political racial theorists through the Liberty Lobby and successor organizations which he helped create. Carto ran a group supporting segregationist George Wallace's 1968 presidential campaign which formed the basis for the National Youth Alliance which promoted Francis Parker Yockey's political philosophy.

Carto died from cardiac arrest in Virginia at the age of 89.


Superstition (song)

"Superstition" is a funk and R&B ballad from Stevie Wonder. The song hit #1 on "Billboard" Hot 100 in January 1973. It also hit #1 on the U.S. soul singles chart.

The song advises not to believe in theories such as superstitions and the song references how adults blame children for the bad luck they have faced - <nowiki>"</nowiki>thirteen month old baby broke the looking glass<nowiki>"</nowiki>. The song became Stevie<nowiki>'s signature song and is his most performed live. On the charts it was succeeded by Timmy Thomas's "Why Can't We Live Together"</nowiki>

The song has been covered by The Jackson 5, Jeff Beck, Stevie Ray Vaughan and JoJo, among others.

Ants Antson

Ants Antson (11 November 1938 – 31 October 2015) was an Estonian speed skater. He competed for the Soviet Union. 

Antson had his best year in 1964, when he became European Allround Champion on the 1500 m at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, and set a new world record on the 3000 m. For his achievements that year, he received the Oscar Mathisen Award. He retired after the 1968 Winter Olympics.


Västanfors IF

Västanfors IF is a sports club in the town of Fagersta in Sweden. The club is nicknamed "Västanfläkt" ("Western Wind").

The club mainly runs bandy, and soccer. It earlier also ran floorball. The team colours are red and white. The club was founded in 1916.

The club has played 32 seasons in the Swedish top division. It won the Swedish national championship in 1954. The club played in the Swedish bandy top division since 2007. In 2012 the club was relegated to Division 1 in 2012.

The club also ran floorball acticity during the 1980s. The women's floorball team won the Swedish national championship in 1983 and 1985 and also won a silver medal in 1984.


Vertical-lift bridge

A vertical-lift bridge or lift bridge is a type of movable bridge in which a span rises vertically while remaining parallel with the road surface.

The vertical lift offers several benefits over other movable bridges such as the bascule and swing-span bridge. They are generally easier to design and easier to build. They usually cost less to build for longer moveable spans. The counterweights in a vertical lift bridges are only required to be equal to the weight of the deck. Bascule bridge counterweights must weigh several times as much as the span being lifted. As a result, heavier materials can be used in the deck, and so this type of bridge is especially suited for heavy railroad use.

Although most vertical-lift bridges use towers, each with counterweights. Some use hydraulic jacks located below the deck. An example is the span bridge at St Paul Avenue in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA. Another design used balance beams to lift the deck with pivoting bascules located on the top of the lift towers. An example of this kind is the La Salle Street Bridge in Chicago, Illinois, USA.

The biggest disadvantage to the vertical-lift bridge is the height restriction for ships passing under it. This is a result of the deck remaining suspended above the water.

Rachel Platten

Rachel Ashley Platten (born May 20, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter. She is best known for her 2015 single "Fight Song". The song was successful worldwide, including in the United States, Australia and Canada.

Platten was born on Manhattan, New York City. She grew up in Newton, Massachusetts.

Västerstrands AIK

Västerstrands AIK is a sports club in Karlstad, Sweden. The club was founded on 11 October 1940. It only runs a women's bandy team.

The women's bandy team has won the Swedish national championship in the years of 1991, 1992, 1994, 1997, 2001, and 2002. It has also been runner-up several times. The team colours are black and yellow.


Mel Daniels

Melvin Joe Daniels (July 20, 1944 – October 30, 2015) was an American professional basketball player. He played in the American Basketball Association (ABA) for the Minnesota Muskies, Indiana Pacers, and Memphis Sounds, and in the National Basketball Association for the New York Nets. Daniels was a two-time ABA Most Valuable Player and a seven-time ABA All-Star. He was enshrined in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2012.

Daniels died on October 30, 2015, at the age of 71. He had recently undergone heart surgery.


IFK Luleå

IFK Luleå is an sports club in the town of Luleå in Sweden. It was founded on 20 September 1900. The club played in the Swedish men's top association football top division in 1971.


IFK Holmsund

IFK Holmsund is a sports club Holmsund in Sweden. It was founded on 8 June in 1923 The men's soccer team plays its home games at Kamratvallen. The club participated in the Swedish men's soccer top division in 1967.



Metrojet Flight 9268

Metrojet Flight 9268 (KGL 9268/7K9268) was an international chartered passenger flight. On 31 October 2015, it left Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt flying to Saint Petersburg, Russia. It crashed in the Sinai desert 23 minutes after it took off. 

It reached an altitude of 31,000 ft (9,400 m) when it disappeared from radar. The aircraft, an Airbus A321-231, was carrying 217 passengers and seven crew members. As well as the crew, 214 of those aboard were Russian. The remaining three were Ukrainian, mostly tourists.

All 224 people were killed. The crash became the deadliest in Egyptian history.
Flight 9268 was carrying 217 passengers, of which 25 were children, plus seven crew members. The captain of the flight was 47-year-old Valery Yurievich Nemov and the first officer was Sergei Stanislavovich Trukhachev. According to the airline, captain Nemov had amassed more than 12,000 hours of flight time, including 3,800 hours on this aircraft type. First officer Trukhachev had 5,641 hours of flight time, including more than 1,300 hours on the aircraft type.

No Gravity (Shontelle album)

No Gravity is the second studio album by Barbadian recording artist Shontelle, released on September 21, 2010 by SRC Records.

"No Gravity" received mixed reviews.

Växjö Lakers HC

The Växjö Lakers HC is an ice hockey club in the town of Växjö in Sweden. It was established in 1997. The club won the Swedish national championship in 2015, 2018 and 2021.


Fishers, Indiana

Fishers is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 98,977.

Law of the land

The phrase law of the land (Latin lex terrae) is a legal term. It means all of the laws in force within a country or region. The term was first used in the Magna Carta. It was used to mean the laws of the kingdom. This was distinct from Roman law or civil law. In the United States, the Constitution declares it is the "supreme law of the land." It is the same as due process of law as justified by the Constitution.

While the Magna Carta first used the term, it did not actually become the law of the land until the reign of Edward I of England. It became closely associated with another phrase that helped define the law of the land' due process. During the reign of Edward II the Liberty of Subjects Act of 1354 stated:

1980 New Orleans Saints season

The 1980 New Orleans Saints season was the team's 14th season in the National Football League. 

They were the first NFL team to finish a season with 1 win and 15 losses. 

Their only win was against the New York Jets in week 15. They had trailed 7-13, but Archie Manning threw a touchdown to Tony Galbreath to lead 14-13 and would throw another one to win 21-20. Fans called their team the "Ain'ts" because of how they began with no wins and 12 losses by losing to the Rams 7-27.

One of the Saints' notable losses was in week 14 in San Francisco, California. The Saints were actually leading 35-7. However, the San Francisco 49ers ended up beating them in overtime, 38-35 on a game-winning field goal. The comeback is one of the best comebacks in NFL history. 

8 other teams have finished a season with 1 win and 15 losses after the 1980 Saints. These teams include the 1989 Cowboys, the 1990 Patriots, the 1991 Colts, the 1996 Jets, the 2000 Chargers, the 2001 Panthers, the 2007 Dolphins, the 2009 Rams, the 2016 Browns, and the 2020 Jaguars. The Detroit Lions in 2008 and the Cleveland Browns in 2017 would exceed it by losing all 16 games.

Legal process

Legal process (or sometimes "process"), are the proceedings in any civil lawsuit or criminal prosecution. It also describes the formal notice or writ used by a court to exercise jurisdiction over a person or property. This process is usually "served" upon a party, to require that party to come to court. It may take the form of a summons, mandate, subpoena, warrant, or other written order issued by a court.


Accounting software

Accounting software is a program that can run on a computer to track the total value of a company. Accounting software can be downloaded to a computer or can be used through a browser window by logging into a website.

Before computers all accounting information was stored in books called "ledgers". A general ledger was the book where the accountant wrote down all payments that came into a company and all payments that were made. A common term for keeping track of this information is called "keeping the books". A bookkeeper is another term for an accountant, but can sometimes means a person who does accounting but maybe doesn't have as much formal education as an accountant.

Accounting software can automate many of the more menial tasks of accounting. For example, many accounting software companies automatically pull in bank information. Instead of having to put in the payments made and cashed received, the program does it for you.



Maine Mendoza

Nicomaine Dei Capili Mendoza, popularly known as Maine Mendoza or Yaya Dub, is a Filipina actress, comedienne, internet celebrity, host, and model.

Mendoza was discovered because of her viral Dubsmash Videos in the internet. In the noontime show Eat Bulaga's "Kalyeserye", she was cast as "Yaya Dub", the maid of Grandma Nidora (portrayed by actor Wally Bayola). Her accidental pairing to actor Alden Richards led to the formation of the love team "AlDub".

Maine Mendoza was born in the province of Bulacan on March 3, 1995. Her parents were Mary Ann and Teddy Mendoza. She has two brothers and two sisters and all of their names start with "Nico." She finished her elementary education at St. Paul School of Sta. Maria Bulacan and high school at St. Paul College of Bocaue. She completed a bachelor's degree in Hotel, Restaurant and Institution Management major in Culinary Arts at De La Salle-College of St. Benilde.

Mendoza rose to popularity because of her viral Dubsmash Videos of celebrities like Kris Aquino. Her famous character "Yaya Dub" first appeared on July 5, 2015. Her character was accidentally paired to the actor Alden Richards which led to the formation of the love team "AlDub". In "Kalyeserye", the two communicated each other through the use of audio samples and handwritten messages shown on the split screen. Mendoza and Richards will have their first film together, "My Bebe Love", at the end of year 2015. This movie will be Mendoza's first film debut.

Ölmbrotorp

Ölmbrotorp is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 548 people lived there.

Odensbacken

Odensbacken is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,374 people lived there.

Latorpsbruk

Latorpsbruk is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 597 people lived there.

Norra Bro

Norra Bro is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 687 people lived there.

Stora Mellösa

Stora Mellösa is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 776 people lived there.

Askersby

Askersby is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 243 people lived there.

Ekeby-Almby

Ekeby-Almby is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,271 people lived there.

Hampetorp

Hampetorp is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 297 people lived there.

Kilsmo

Kilsmo is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 263 people lived there.

Vintrosa

Vintrosa is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,343 people lived there.

Lanna

Lanna is a locality in both Lekeberg Municipality and Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 537 people lived there.

Tower house

A tower house is a tower that has been built for two purposes: First, it has been built so that it is easy to defend, and secondly, it serves as living quarters. Tower houses first appeared in the Middle Ages, in mountainous or limited access areas. They were built there to both command and defend strategic points with a small force. At the same time, they were also used as an aristocrat's residence. Very often, a castle town was constructed around these houses.

Sceptrum Brandenburgicum

Sceptrum Brandenburgicum (or "Sceptrum Brandenburgium" – Latin for "scepter of Brandenburg") was a constellation. It was created in 1688 by Gottfried Kirch, astronomer of the Prussian Royal Society of Sciences. It represented the scepter (a symbol of royalty or power) used by the royal family of the Brandenburgs. It was located west of the constellation of Lepus. The constellation was quickly forgotten and is not official any more. It led to a star later being called "Sceptrum". That star is now called 53 Eridani.


Judge Rinder

Judge Rinder is a British reality television show. It has aired daily on ITV from 11 August 2014. Robert Rinder is the judge of the show. He judges cases about arguments that are usually about money, but it can be different. The program takes place in a small-claims courtroom. The show has the same format as American court shows like Judge Judy and Judge Mathis. A case takes an hour to film. It is edited down to fit a number of cases into the given time slot.

Series 2 and 3 episodes are being aired at the same time. A total of 100 episodes were ordered for the two series.

Täby Church

Täby Church () is a medieval church in Täby Municipality in Sweden. It was belongs to the Church of Sweden and was built during the 13th century. On its walls and ceilings are paintings by Albertus Pictor.

Deaths in November 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in November 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Günter Schabowski

Günter Schabowski (4 January 1929 – 1 November 2015) was an East German journalist and politician. He was an official of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED), the ruling party during most of the existence of the German Democratic Republic.

Schabowski gained worldwide fame in November 1989 when he improvised a slightly mistaken answer to a press conference question, raising popular expectations so rapidly that massive crowds gathered the same night at the Berlin Wall, forcing its opening after 28 years.

Schabowski died from complications of a stroke in Berlin, aged 86.

Qubo

Qubo (stylized as qubo) is an American children's entertainment brand owned by Ion Media. It included a 24-hour television channel available with an antenna, a video on demand service, and a weekly programming block on Ion Television under the name "Qubo Kids Corner", which was its sister network, along with the same block on another sister channel, Ion Plus. Qubo closed after Ion Media's acquisition by the E. W. Scripps Company.

Qubo began in September 2006. It was developed by several companies together, including Ion Media Networks, Corus Entertainment, Scholastic Corporation, Classic Media, and NBC. It was to be a "building block for kids" (as stated by president Rick Rodriquez). Like Ion, Qubo would air blocks on NBC and in Spanish on Telemundo. This happened until 2012, when NBC was bought by the cable company Comcast and that company took off Qubo programming for a new block from Sprout, which Comcast already owned. Spanish audio was also available through a second audio program on the Qubo channel itself. It also had its shows on a website accessible on-demand.

Following Ion Media's acquisition by the E. W. Scripps Company, it ceased operations on February 28, 2021.

Hans Modrow

Hans Modrow (; 27 January 1928 – 10 February 2023) was a German politician. He was best known as the last communist premier of East Germany. He was the honorary Chairman of the Left Party. After the German reunification, Modrow served as a member of the European Parliament (1999–2004) and of the Bundestag.

Tabitha St. Germain

Tabitha St. Germain (born October 30, 1964), formerly known as Paulina Gillis Germain, Tabitha, or Kitanou St. Germain, is an American, Canadian Actress, Singer, Voice actress, and Comedienne. She is known for her voice roles in many TV shows, but most of all is "" for Rarity, Princess Luna, Granny Smith, and Derpy Hooves. She voices Wysteria and Minty from "My Little Pony".

Gus Savage

Augustus Alexander "Gus" Savage (October 30, 1925 – October 31, 2015) was an American politician. He was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Illinois. He served as a representative from 1981 through 1993. Savage was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Savage died in Olympia Fields, Illinois at the age of 90.

Frederick Muhlenberg

Frederick Augustus Conrad Muhlenberg (; January 1, 1750 – June 4, 1801) was an American minister and politician.

He was the first Speaker of the United States House of Representatives serving from 1793 through 1795. He was a delegate to the Pennsylvania state constitutional convention and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania and a Lutheran pastor by profession. Muhlenberg was born in Trappe, Pennsylvania.

The claim that Muhlenberg, as House Speaker, prevented German from becoming an official language of the United States is false.


My Name is Earl

My Name Is Earl is an American sitcom. It was broadcast from September 20, 2005, to May 14, 2009 and was created by Greg Garcia. The series was produced by 20th Century Fox Television. In the United States, it is broadcast on the NBC television network. The series ended on May 14, 2009 after running for four seasons. Season four had ended with the caption 'To Be Continued'. The series' producer, 20th Century Fox Television, approached the Fox networks to continue the series.

The show centers on Earl Hickey, a not-so-smart petty crook. He lives in fictional Camden county. Unexpectedly he wins the lottery. He is dancing in the street with joy over winning $100,000 when he is hit by a car. He decides this is karma paying him back for all the bad things he has done. Making a list of everyone he has wronged, he starts by righting the first wrong on his list. Suddenly the lottery ticket comes back into his possession again. This makes him think he was right about karma. He believes if he does good things to other people, good things will come to him. He uses his winnings to right his former wrongs, one at a time.


Jason Lee was selected for the title role. He had co-starred in several Kevin Smith films. He also starred in "The Incredibles". The program quickly became one of NBC's highest rated new programs. In 2006, the pilot won Emmy Awards for Greg Garcia and Marc Buckland. In 2007, Jaime Pressly won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series. The series received nominations for a Golden Globe Award (2006), British Academy Film Awards (2007 and 2008), and a People's Choice Award (2008).

Abner J. Mikva

Abner Joseph Mikva (January 21, 1926 – July 4, 2016) was an American judge, lawyer, academic and politician. He was a Democrat and of Jewish descent. He was known by many as an important liberal figure in Chicago and American politics. In later years, he was known for being a mentor to Barack Obama.

Mikva served as a U.S. Representative representing Illinois from 1969 through 1979. He was also a federal judge appointed by Jimmy Carter. He served as judge from 1979 through 1994. He later served as the White House Counsel for Bill Clinton serving from 1994 through 1995. He has also served as a law professor at Northwestern University, the University of Chicago, and the University of Illinois.

Mikva was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Mikva studied at the University of Chicago. He received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama on November 24, 2014. Mikva was married to Zorita Wise from 1948 until his death in 2016. They had three daughters.

Mikva died under hospice care in Chicago, Illinois from complications of bladder cancer on July 4, 2016, aged 90. He was also suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at the time of his death.


Nonsan

Nonsan is a city in Chungnam-do (South Chungcheong Province), South Korea. It is located at 36°12′N 127°5′E.

The population of Nonsan is 128,077. There are 55,451 households in the city.

Nonsan has a train station. Local, national, and express (KTX) trains stop there. The trains connect Nonsan to all big cities in the country. There are also bus stations in Nonsan. Some busses are for local service; others are for regional and for national service. An expressway connects the city to Daejeon and other cities.

The economy of Nonsan includes farming, fishing, Konyang University, an army training center, and food processing companies. Farming is the most important of these.

Rice is the most important crop. Other important crops include strawberries, ginseng, napa cabbage, watermelons, and Korean pears. Nonsan is known as the "strawberry capital of Korea," and holds a strawberry festival each year. 

Attractions in greater Nonsan include Gwanchoksa (a Buddhist temple with a large statue of a standing Buddha), Baekje Military Museum, Tapjeong Reservoir, the ruins of Noseong Sanseong (Fortress), and Donam Academy, one of the nine neo-Confucian "seowons" from the Joseon Dynasty. There is also Nonsan Sunshine Land, south of the city proper. This is where the television series "Mr. Sunshine was filmed. It is now a re-created 1900s urban setting that tourists can visit"

Jaws (novel)

Jaws is a 1974 American novel by Peter Benchley. It is about a great white shark that eats several people in the ocean near a small town in Long Island, New York. Three men set out on a boat to hunt and kill the shark. Benchley was partly inspired by the adventures of a shark fisherman named Frank Mundus.

Millions of copies of the novel were sold. In 1975, a movie based on the book, also called "Jaws", was released. The movie was directed by Steven Spielberg.

Fisherman

A fisherman or fisher is a person who catches fish, and sometimes other animals that live in water. Catching fish is known as fishing. There are about 38 million fishermen. Fishermen usually catch fish so that they can sell the fish to make money, or so that they can eat the fish. Some fishermen do not fish for money or food, and instead fish as a hobby.


The Taste

The Taste was an American cooking reality television series on ABC. It aired from January 22, 2013, through January 22, 2015. It starred Anthony Bourdain, Ludo Lefebvre, Marcus Samuelsson, and Nigella Lawson. On May 7, 2015, ABC cancelled "The Taste" after three seasons.

Nadine Velazquez

Nadine Velazquez (born November 20, 1978) is an American actress and model. She was born in Chicago. She is best known for her role as Catalina Aruca in the NBC television series "My Name Is Earl". She also starred in "The League" and "Major Crimes".


Greg Garcia

Gregory Thomas Garcia (born April 4, 1970) is an American television producer and screenwriter. He was born in Arlington County, Virginia. He was the creator and producer of the comedy series, "Yes, Dear". He was the creator and executive producer of "My Name Is Earl". He also worked for the series "Family Matters". He was the consultant in "Family Guy". He produced the Fox series "Raising Hope". He left that series in 2013.

Foundation series

The "Foundation" series is a series of seven science fiction stories written by Isaac Asimov. They follow on from each other. 

"Foundation" was originally a series of eight short stories published in "Astounding Magazine" between May 1942 and January 1950. According to Asimov, the premise was based on ideas set forth in Edward Gibbon's "The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire".

Asimov wrote the three books "Foundation", "Foundation and Empire" and the "Second Foundation" in 19501952. They dealt with a remarkable two-part idea. The Foundation was a research project, run by advanced social forecasting and social planning. It is based on the ideas of the character called Hari Seldon. Seldon developed "psychohistory". This method predicts the future, but only on a large scale. Seldon foresees the fall of the Galactic Empire, which includes the entire Milky Way, and a dark age lasting 30,000 years before a second great empire arises. 

"Foundation and Empire" tells how the Empire was destroyed, and what followed. 
The Foundation takes over what remains of the Empire, and applies its social science methods. The now peaceful galaxy is disrupted by an unpredictable event. A mysterious person arises. He is known only as "the Mule". The Mule is a mutant, and can sense and manipulate the emotions of others, often creating fear. He uses this ability to take over the independent systems bordering the Foundation, and conquers the Galaxy.

"Second Foundation" is about the Mule's search for the Second Foundation, which has been tucked away in a hard-to-find part of the galaxy. As the Mule comes closer to finding it, the mysterious Second Foundation comes out of hiding to face him. It is a collection of the most intelligent humans in the galaxy. Using its strongest minds, the Second Foundation wears down the Mule. His destructive attitude is adjusted to a benevolent one. He returns to rule over his kingdom peacefully for the rest of his life, without any further thought of conquering the Second Foundation.

Thirty years later, he wrote the sixth and seventh books that tell what happened later. Then he wrote the first and second books that tell what happened before.

The books in order of the plot are:


An account of the series is as follows:

10,000 years in the future, all humans in the Galaxy live in an empire, ruled by an Emperor on the planet Trantor. Dr. Hari Seldon, a mathematician , arrives on Trantor to give a talk. He has an idea that the history of the human race can be predicted by mathematics, but the problem is too much for him alone. Seldon can see that the fall of the empire is coming and wants to help preserve the science of humans.

With the assistance of Dors Venabili, Yugo Amaryl and many others, Seldon spends his whole life to create a ‘Foundation’. This foundation is a colony of scientists on Terminus, which is an isolated planet far away from Trantor. Their job is to become the foundation for a new empire. He is also assisted by Eto Demerzel, a high government official, who is secretly a robot named Daneel Olivaw. Daneel is many thousands of years old. Seldon asks his grand-daughter Wanda, who has unusual mental powers, to help create a secret Second Foundation.

After Seldon’s death, the people on Terminus create new and powerful technology. They take over nearby planets and start trading with other planets. The Foundation fights the armies of the empire that attack them, but as Seldon thought would happen, the empire armies are defeated.

A mysterious man, known only as the Mule, has begun taking over planets belonging to the Foundation with his armies. No-one has seen him and no one knows how he manages to conquer them. Ebling Mis, a scientist, thinks he has discovered the reason; the Mule has mental powers that help him to make his enemies loyal to him. Mis has also discovered where the Second Foundation is located, but dies before he can tell anyone. 

The leader of the secretive Second Foundation, who also has strong mental powers, comes face-to-face with the Mule, and adjusts his mind so that he will not conquer anymore and will leave the Foundation alone.

Golan Trevize, a politician on Terminus, travels by spaceship with Janov Pelorat, to find the Second Foundation. They visit many planets but find no evidence of it. But Pelorat thinks that it may exist on the planet known as Earth. 

Meanwhile, Stor Gendibal, a prominent member of the Second Foundation, discovers that people with mental powers – known as Mentalics – exist. They are a force as powerful as the Mule was, and more powerful than even the Second Foundation. 

Trevize and Pelorat discover a planet called Gaia, which is inhabited solely by Mentalics. Trevize is made to decide what the future of the galaxy will be. Gaia plans to absorb the entire Galaxy into one shared intellect. Gendibal is sent back home to the Second Foundation, which is actually secretly based on Trantor.
Trevize and Pelorat continue with the search for Earth with an inhabitant of Gaia known as Bliss. They search for a long time and eventually discover Earth. Earth no longer has any people living on it. They travel to the Earth's satellite, known as the Moon. There they meet a robot called Daneel Olivaw.

Olivaw explains that he has been guiding human history for thousands of years, and that he helped Seldon to set up the original Foundation. This is how the Seldon plan has remained on course. Olivaw tells them that his electronic brain cannot last much longer and that he is going to die. He explains that he must combine his mind with an organic (human) mind before this happens.

Isaac Asimov planned to continue the stories, but was unable to do so. Other authors have written stories to suggest what happened next.

List of exoplanets

This is a list of exoplanets.


Aske (EP)

Aske (Norwegian: ashes) is an extended play by the Norwegian black metal solo project Burzum. The EP was recorded in August of 1992 in Grieg Hall, Bergen, Norway. It was released in March of 1993 through Deathlike Silence Productions.

The cover of the EP is a photograph of the Fantoft Stave Church after it was burned down on 6 June 1992. It is believed that Varg Vikernes took the photo himself. In 1994 he was convicted of burning down the Fantoft Stave Church along with other historic churches.

The bass guitar on the EP was played by Samoth from the Norwegian band Emperor.



Millionaires' Mile

The Millionaires' Mile, Millionaire's Mile, Millionaires' Row, Millionaire's Row or Alpha Street is a term referring to exclusive residential neighborhoods of various towns. They are often located alone on a strip such as a riverside or a hilltop drive. They can also be located at a wide town boulevard.


Linköpings FC

Linköpings FC is an association football club in the town of Linköping in Sweden. it was established in 2003 when the Kenty DFF women's association football club decided to merge with the ice hockey club Linköpings HC under the new name Linköpings FC. The club won the Swedish women's association football national championship of 2009.


Linköping Arena

The Linköping Arena is an association football stadium in the town of Linköping in Sweden. It was opened in 2013 and has a capacity of 8 500 and hosted four games during the UEFA Women's Euro 2013 tournament. The stadium became home to Linköpings FC women's association football team after that tournament. The name was discussed for a while and the project was named the Arena Linköping before the name was changed to Linköping Arena.


Lopez Tonight

Lopez Tonight was an American late night talk show that premiered on November 9, 2009. It was hosted by George Lopez for four days this week until its cancellation on August 12, 2011.

Kepler's laws

Kepler's laws of planetary motion are three laws that describe the motion of planets around the sun:
Johannes Kepler found these laws, between 1609 and 1619. 

Kepler's laws improve the model of Copernicus. If the eccentricities of the planetary orbits are taken as zero, then Kepler basically agrees with Copernicus:

The eccentricities of the orbits of those planets known to Copernicus and Kepler are small, so the rules above give good approximations of planetary motion; but Kepler's laws fit the observations better than Copernicus's.

Kepler's corrections are not at all obvious:

The eccentricity of the orbit of the Earth makes the time from the March equinox to the September equinox, around 186 days, unequal to the time from the September equinox to the March equinox, around 179 days. A diameter would cut the orbit into equal parts, but the plane through the sun parallel to the equator of the earth cuts the orbit into two parts with areas in a 186 to 179 ratio, so the eccentricity of the orbit of the Earth is approximately
which is close to the correct value (0.016710219) (see Earth's orbit).
The calculation is correct when perihelion, the date the Earth is closest to the Sun, falls on a solstice. The current perihelion, near January 4, is fairly close to the solstice of December 21 

DJ Jazzy Jeff

Jeffrey Allen Townes (born January 22, 1965), also known as DJ Jazzy Jeff, is an American record producer of hip hop and R&B. He is best known for taking part at the beginning of his career with Will Smith as DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince.

DJ Jazzy Jeff graduated from the John Bartram High School in Philadelphia where his name is inscribed as one of the students outstanding.

DJ Jazzy Jeff is not to be confused with MC Jazzy Jeff, which, in fact, filed and won a lawsuit over the name Jazzy Jeff against Jeff Townes when Jive Records signed DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince.

He also participated in the series The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air as Jazz, making an appearance in several chapters.

Jeff married Lynette C. Jackson on July 31, 2010. He has two sons.


Yes, Dear

Yes, Dear is an American television series that aired from October 2, 2000 to February 15, 2006 on CBS. It starred Anthony Clark, Jean Louisa Kelly, Mike O'Malley and Liza Snyder.

In the US, the repetitions of the series can be seen on Nick at Nite, Nick Jr. (block as part NickMom) and CMT. In Canada, it's on Joytv.

Shannon Woodward

Shannon Marie Woodward (born December 17, 1984) is an American actress known for her roles as Sabrina in Raising Hope and Di Di Malloy in The Riches. She was born in Phoenix, Arizona.

The Riches

The Riches is an American television series on FX. It aired from March 12, 2007 to April 29, 2008. It is about a family of a father (Eddie Izzard), mother (Minnie Driver) and their three children as they swap their lives as travelers, crooks and thieves by pretending to be a wealthy family in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

Black Mark Productions

Black Mark Productions (founded in 1991) is an independent record label company from Sweden. It has offices in Berlin, Toronto, Stockholm, and New York. The label is known for working with extreme metal bands, including Bathory and Edge of Sanity. The name of the label came from Bathory's album, "Under the Sign of the Black Mark".


Gregg Palmer

Gregg Palmer (born Palmer Edvind Lee; January 25, 1927 – October 31, 2015) was an American television and movie actor. He was known for his roles in "Gunsmoke", "Death Valley Days", and "The Virginian". He guest starred five times on "Bonanza", NBC's longest-running western. He was born in San Francisco, California.

Palmer died at the age of 88 in Encino, California from unknown causes.

Thomas Blatt

Thomas "Toivi" Blatt (born Tomasz Blatt; April 15, 1927 – October 31, 2015) was a Polish-American writer and speaker. At the age of 16, Blatt was one of the few Jewish people to survive an uprising and escape from the Sobibor extermination camp in October 1943. 

Following the World War II he settled in the United States. Blatt later wrote two books about Sobibor. His memoir, "From The Ashes of Sobibor" (1997), is about his experience in the camp. He also wrote "Sobibor, the Forgotten Revolt" (1997), a history based on his years of research.

Blatt died at his home in Santa Barbara, California on October 31, 2015 at the age of 88.


Spacetoon Plus

Spacetoon Plus is an Indonesian television channel. It specializes in anime and children programs. Spacetoon Group has 3 channels in Indonesia: Spacetoon, Spacetoon 2 and the now-defunct Spacetoon (Indonesia) today.

The channel began broadcasting in April 2005. It has two primary headquarters. One opened in 2009 in Jakarta.






Fellow traveller

Fellow travellers were supporters of the Soviet Union who were not members of the Communist Party. 

They were a varied group of western intellectuals, writers and bohemians who declared their sympathies for the Soviet Union at the height of Stalinism and into the 1970s of the 20th century. 

The Sands of Mars

The Sands of Mars is a science fiction novel written by Arthur C. Clarke. It was first published in 1951 and has been reprinted many times.

Martin Gibson is a famous science fiction author. He has written stories about the planet Mars, but has not actually been there. He travels with the crew of a spaceship to visit Mars.

On Mars, Gibson meets the people who manage the human settlement on Mars. They are working hard to make the colony as self-sufficient as possible (so that they don't have to import supplies from Earth)

Gibson joins a party of men exploring the surface of Mars. They discover a small group of kangaroo-like creatures, which had not been seen before. They are vegetarians, living on native plants.

Researchers try to cultivate these plants to increase the oxygen content of the Martian atmosphere, so that in a few hundred years, people can live without spacesuits.

Gibson discovers that Jimmy Spencer, one of the crew of the spaceship, is his son. Spencer has fallen in love with Irene Hadfield, who lives on Mars. 

Gibson decides to stay on Mars, fascinated with the importance of the planet as a self-sufficient world.

Rottenbach (river)

The Rottenbach is a river that flows through Thuringia, Germany.

Lake Chad

Lake Chad is a large, shallow, endorheic lake in the African Sahel. It has varied in size over the centuries. 

Lake Chad shrank as much as 95% from about 1963 to 1998, but "the 2007 (satellite) image shows significant improvement over previous years". Lake Chad is economically important. It provides water to over 68 million people in the four countries surrounding it: Chad, Cameroon, Niger, and Nigeria. It is on the edge of the Sahara Desert. It is the largest lake in the Chad Basin, the largest drainage basin in Africa.

Fossils of an important extinct hominid were found in the dried lakebed of Lake Chad. This was "Sahelanthropus tchadensis". From evidence at the fossil site in Chad, it is thought to have lived about seven million years ago.

VK (company)

Mail.Ru Group (London Stock Exchange listed since November 5, 2010) is a Russian Internet company. It was started in 1998 as an e-mail service and went on to become a major corporate figure in the Russian-speaking segment of the Internet. As of 2013, according to comScore, websites owned by Mail.ru collectively had the largest audience in Russia and captured the most screen time. Mail.Ru's sites reach approximately 86% of Russian Internet users on a monthly basis and the company is in the top 5 of largest Internet companies, based on the number of total pages viewed. Mail.ru controls the 3 largest Russian social networking sites. It operates the second and third most popular Russian social networking sites, Odnoklassniki and Moy Mir, respectively. Mail.ru holds 100% of shares of Russia's most popular social network VK and minority stakes in Qiwi, formerly OE Investments (15.04%). It also operates two instant messaging networks (Mail.Ru Agent and ICQ), an e-mail service and Internet portal Mail.ru, as well as a number of online games.

Millennium Development Goals

The Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) are the eight targets of the United Nations. They were decided in 2000. All 189 United Nations member states (there are 193 now), and at least 23 international organizations, said they would try to help achieve the goals by 2015:


Each goal had specific targets, and dates for reaching those targets. To help progress, the G8 finance ministers agreed in June 2005 to provide enough funds to the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the African Development Bank (AfDB) to cancel $40 to $55 billion in debt owed by poor countries. This was to allow them to use resources for improving health, education and reducing poverty.

Developed countries' aid for the MDGs rose during the period. More than half went for debt relief. Much of the rest went towards natural disaster relief and military aid, instead of development.

Tiffany

Tiffany (given name) is a feminine given name.

Tiffany might also refer to:



Tiffany &amp; Co.

Tiffany & Company (better known as Tiffany or Tiffany's) is an American luxury goods company. Their main store is in New York City.

Tiffany sells jewelry, sterling silver, china, crystal, perfumes, watches and personal accessories, as well as some leather goods. Many of these goods are sold through direct-mail as well as at Tiffany stores. Tiffany is particularly known for its diamond jewelry. Tiffany markets itself as an judge of taste and style.

Founded in New York City in 1837, the store sold a wide variety of items as "Tiffany, Young and Ellis" in Manhattan. The name was shortened to Tiffany & Company in 1853 when Charles Tiffany took control. He established the firm's emphasis on jewelry.



UEFA Super Cup

The UEFA Super Cup is a match organised by UEFA. It is played every year. The winner of the UEFA Champions League plays against the winner of the UEFA Europa League. It is played in the middle of August.

The UEFA Super Cup started in 1972, with the winner of the Champions Cup playing against the winner of the European Cup Winners' Cup. It was not recognized by UEFA because it had a team that was banned from UEFA competitions, Rangers F.C.. Since there was no stadium chosen to host the game, they played one match at one team's stadium, and one match at the other's. In 1973, the first Super Cup final to be recognized by UEFA was played between Ajax and Milan. On aggregate (the added score from the 2 matches), Ajax won 6-1.

In 1991, the UEFA Super Cup between Manchester United and Red Star Belgrade was only played at Old Trafford (Manchester United's stadium) because of the war in Yugoslavia. In 1992, the Champions Cup was renamed the UEFA Champions League. In 1995, the European Cup Winners' Cup was renamed the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. The tournament was made the same. In 1998, the tournament was made 1 match with a host stadium. In 1999, The Cup Winners' Cup was ended by UEFA. The last Super Cup to be played with the winner of the Cup Winners' Cup was between Manchester United, winners of the Champions League, and Lazio, the winners of the last ever Cup Winners' Cup. Lazio won 1-0. In the year 2000, the Cup Winners' Cup was replaced in the Super Cup by the UEFA Cup. The first match to be played this way was between Real Madrid, the winners of the Champions League, and Galatasaray S.K., winners of the UEFA Cup. Galatasaray won 2-1.

In 2009, the UEFA Cup was renamed the UEFA Europa League. The tournament stayed the same.


The UEFA Super Cup trophy is with UEFA at all times. A replica trophy is given to the winning club. Forty gold medals are given to the winning club and forty silver medals to the runners-up.

The Super Cup trophy has went through several changes in its history. The first trophy was presented to Ajax in 1973. In 1977, the original trophy was replaced by a plaque with a gold UEFA emblem. In 1987, the next trophy was the smallest and lightest of all the European club trophies, weighing 5 kg (11 lb) and measuring 42.5 cm (16.7 in) in height. The new model, which is a larger version of the previous trophy, was introduced in 2006 and weighs 12.2 kg (27 lb) and measures 58 cm (23 in) in height.


Francine Hughes

Francine Hughes (August 17, 1947 – March 22, 2017) is an American woman who suffered domestic abuse from her ex-husband named Mickey Hughes. She ended up killing him by setting fire to his bed on March 9, 1977. Mickey was killed and the house was destroyed in the fire. The story was made into a book and a movie. In No Child of Mine (where 35 year old Linda abused everyone), 35 year old Linda was acting like Mickey who lived with 13 year old Kerry (who didn't do anything wrong) in and for 13 years.

Hughes had suffered over a decade of beatings and verbal abuse from her husband. She divorced him, but every time she tried to keep him out of the house, he kept beating her. 

After Mickey was in a serious car accident, she visited him in the hospital. She then allowed him back in the house to recover from his injuries. He started drinking and beating her again. 

On the day he died, he beat her badly then burned her textbooks for classes she was taking. That night Hughes poured gasoline on her husband's bed and set him on fire. She then drove to the police station so she could to the killing. After trial in Lansing, Michigan, Hughes was found not guilty by reason of temporary insanity. 

Francine Hughes' story was made into a book by Faith McNulty. It was later made into a movie in 1984 titled "The Burning Bed". It starred Farrah Fawcett.

Charles B. Rangel

Charles Bernard "Charlie" Rangel (; born June 11, 1930) is an American politician. He served as the U.S. Representative for . A member of the Democratic Party, he was the second-longest serving member of the House of Representatives. He served from 1971 to 2017.

Rangel was the first African-American Chair of the influential House Ways and Means Committee. He is also a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus.


Andrzej Ciechanowiecki

Andrew Stanislaus (Andrzej Stanisław) Ciechanowiecki (28 September 1924 – 2 November 2015) was a Polish art historian, philanthropist, art collector, and antique dealer. 

He is the founder of the Ciechanowiecki Foundation at the Royal Castle in Warsaw (1986). He is an Honorary Professor of the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw and a member of the Polish Academy of Sciences. He was honored with the Order of the White Eagle in 1998, Grand Cross of Polonia Restituta, war medals, Gloria Artis Gold Medal and other awards.

Ciechanowiecki died in London at the age of 91.

Ahmed Chalabi

Ahmed Abdel Hadi Chalabi (‎; 30 October 1944 – 3 November 2015) was an Iraqi politician. He was interim Minister of Oil in Iraq serving from 16 April 2005 to 1 January 2006. He served as Deputy Prime Minister from 1 May 2005 to 20 May 2006. Chalabi failed to win a seat in parliament in the December 2005 elections.

Chalabi died on 3 November 2015 from a heart attack at his home in Kadhimiya, Baghdad, aged 71.


We Shall Overcome (Bernie Sanders album)

We Shall Overcome is an album of folk music recorded and released by Bernie Sanders in 1987. It was done when he was mayor of Burlington, Vermont. The album has since been released on iTunes and has attained a new wave of popularity as a result of Sanders' ongoing presidential campaign.

In 1987, Burlington-based musician Todd Lockwood was sipping coffee at Leunig's Bistro when he came up with the idea to ask the city's mayor, Bernie Sanders, to record a musical project at his studio, White Crow Audio. Lockwood called the mayor's office and left Sanders a message with a secretary. Sanders later called back to set up a meeting, where he told Lockwood "I have to admit to you this appeals to my ego."

Sanders made a list of ten songs he would be willing to record, five of which made the cut for the album.


Matt Bevin

Matthew Griswold "Matt" Bevin (born January 9, 1967) is an American businessman and politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He became the Governor of Kentucky on December 8, 2015. He left office on December 10, 2019.

Bevin became the President of Bevin Brothers Manufacturing Company in 2011.

In Kentucky's 2014 Senate election, Bevin was a Republican candidate and primary challenger to Mitch McConnell. At that time, McConnell was the Senate Minority Leader.

On November 3, 2015, Bevin was elected Governor of Kentucky.

On November 5, 2019, Bevin lost his re-election bid to State Attorney General Andy Beshear by less than 5,000.


Bill Saluga

Bill Saluga (born William Saluga; September 16, 1937) is an American comedian. He was born in Youngstown, Ohio. He was a founding member, along with Fred Willard, Michael Mislove, George Memmoli, and Patti Deutsch of the improvisational comedy troupe Ace Trucking Company. 

Saluga is best known for his cigar-smoking, zoot-suit-wearing television character “Raymond J. Johnson, Jr.”. He is famous for his catchphrase "You can call me Ray, or you can call me Jay, or you can call me Raymond J. Johnson, but you doesn't hasta call me Johnson!" 

Pete du Pont

Pierre Samuel "Pete" du Pont IV (January 22, 1935 – May 8, 2021) was an American lawyer and politician. He was born in Wilmington, Delaware.

He was the United States Representative for Delaware's at-large congressional district from 1971 to 1977. He then served as the 68th Governor of Delaware from 1977 to 1985. He is a member of the Republican Party.

du Pont ran for President of the United States in the 1988 U.S. presidential election. He lost the primaries to Vice President George H. W. Bush.

du Pont died on May 8, 2021 in Wilmington at the age of 86.


Sprout

Sprout is a brand for preschool-oriented programmes distributed by PBS Kids owned by PBS, Comcast, HiT Entertainment, and Sesame Workshop satellite and television network that is owned by the NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment Group subsidiary of NBCUniversal, itself a division of Comcast.

A Fall of Moondust

A Fall of Moondust is a science fiction novel written by Arthur C. Clarke. It was first published in 1961 and has been reprinted many times.

The story takes place on the Moon in the near future. A group of tourists are travelling on the surface of the moon, which is covered by a thin layer of very fine dust, a fine powder drier (it contains less water) than a desert on Earth. The tourists are travelling in a vessel called "Selene", that skims along the surface.

A 'moonquake' (similar to an earthquake) causes the dust to collapse, and "Selene" sinks below the surface. They cannot make contact with Control to call for help, and they only have enough air for a few days. The people are also generating heat, which is dangerous.

Captain Pat Harris and his stewardess Sue Wilkins try to keep the passengers occupied while waiting to be rescued. They are helped by a retired explorer, Commodore Hansteen.

Back at control, Chief Engineer Lawrence prepares to search for the lost tourists, although he doesn't think it can be done in time. But the trail left by Selene is seen by telescope from a satellite high above the Moon. The rescue attempt goes ahead.

Lawrence and his team do find the sunken ship and dig down through the dust to cut a hole in the hull. The tourists are able to climb out to safety, but with seconds to spare before Selene fills with dust and also catches fire.

Pat Harris and Sue Wilkins get married. 

Nintendo entertainment system clone

Nintendo entertainment system clones are hardware clones of the Nintendo Entertainment System and are rarely licensed. Nintendo has been cracking down on their production. Most of these consoles are manufactured in east Asia and are only sold in certain stores depending on their legality level. For example,a clone with pirated software built in is only sold at places like malls and flea markets. Ones that have original software built in are sold in places like dollar stores and pharmacies. Consoles that have no software built in and are intended to be a non-collector alternative to retro gamers are sold at used game stores.


Razem

Partia Razem (, "Together Party") is a left-wing Polish political party created in May 2015. It is one of the many parties that were involved in the Polish parliamentary election of 2015. The party supports labor rights and is against deregulation. It is democratically socialist and socialdemocratic. During the 2015 elections it has achieved 3.62% of the votes, but that was not enough to gain a seat in the parliament.

The colour of the party is red-violet.

Warren Commission

The President's Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy, known unofficially as the Warren Commission, was established by President Lyndon B. Johnson on November 29, 1963. Its purpose was to the assassination of United States President John F. Kennedy that had taken place on November 22, 1963. 

The Commission took its unofficial name—the Warren Commission—from its chairman, Chief Justice Earl Warren. According to published Transcripts of Johnson's presidential telephone conversations, some major officials did not want to form this commission. Also that several commission members took part only reluctantly. One of their chief reservations was that a commission would create more controversy and people's fears would be proved valid.

The 88th U.S. Congressional session passed Senate joint resolution 137 authorizing the Presidential appointed Commission to report on the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
Its 889-page final report was presented to President Johnson on September 24, 1964. It was made public three days later. It concluded that President Kennedy was assassinated by Lee Harvey Oswald. They also stated that Oswald acted entirely alone. The commission said that Jack Ruby also acted alone when he killed Oswald two days later. The Commission's findings have proven controversial. They have been both challenged and supported by later studies.




Sebastian Nerz

Sebastian Matthias Nerz (born 13 July 1983) is a German politician and bioinformatician. He was the leader of the Pirate Party Germany (Piratenpartei Deutschland) from May 2011 to April 2012. He left the Pirate Party Germany in February 2014. He has since joined the Free Democratic Party.

Nerz is the son of the physicians Rolf-Dieter and Christiane Uta Nerz, née Fiedler. He finished his high school education at Geschwister-Scholl-Schule in 2002. Nerz began his studies of bioinformatics at University of Tübingen in 2003 after finishing his mandatory civil service. In 2001 he became a member of the German Christian Democratic Union (CDU) in Tübingen, which he left in 2009. In June 2009 before the German federal election, he joined the Pirate Party, becoming a board member of its then newly founded Tübingen district assembly (). He also became the coordinator for regional politics in the Baden-Württemberg party association. From April 2010 to May 2011 he was the head of the regional party association. In 2010, he graduated with a diploma in bioinformatics. Nerz was elected the head of the party in May 2011. He was succeeded by Bernd Schlömer on April 28, 2012. Nerz left the Pirate Party Germany in February 2014.


Federal University of Toulouse Midi-Pyrénées

The Université Fédérale Toulouse Midi-Pyrénées is a public university in Toulouse. UFTMP has 14 schools and it has 15 academic departments and gives much importance to scientific and technological research.



Adam Wylie

Adam Augustus Wylie (born May 23, 1984) is an American actor, voice actor, singer, Broadway musical performer and a former Crayola spokesman. He's known for voicing Peter Pan in "Jake and the Never Land Pirates".

Howard Coble

John Howard Coble (March 18, 1931 – November 3, 2015) was an American politician. He served as a U.S. Representative for , serving from 1985 to 2015. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Coble had skin cancer for many years. He was admitted to ICU in September 2015 after complications from skin cancer surgery. Coble died on November 3, 2015, in Greensboro, North Carolina at the age of 84 from complications of the surgery.


René Girard

René Noël Théophile Girard (; ; December 25, 1923 – November 4, 2015) was a French-American historian, literary critic, and philosopher of social science. His writings were based on anthropological philosophy. Girard was the author of nearly thirty books with his writings spanning many academic domains. His work was based on literary criticism, critical theory, anthropology, theology, psychology, mythology, sociology, economics, cultural studies, and philosophy.


Meningococcal disease

Meningococcal disease, also called meningococcal meningitis, is infections caused by the bacterium meningococcus ("Neisseria meningitidis"). If left untreated, the death rate is high. However, it can be prevented by vaccines. The disease is best-known for causing meningitis. It also causes blood infection, which then leads to sepsis. 

There are over 2,600 cases of bacterial meningitis in the United States per year. In developing countries, there are over 333,000 cases per year. The case death rate is between ten and twenty percent.

Meningococcal disease is not as spreadable as the common cold. However, it can be passed between people through saliva.

Eric Hobsbawm

Eric John Ernest Hobsbawm, CH, FBA, FRSL (; 9 June 1917 – 1 October 2012) was a British Marxist historian. He worked on the rise of industrial capitalism, socialism, and nationalism. His best-known works include his trilogy about what he called the "long 19th century" ("", "" and ""), "The Age of Extremes".


We Bare Bears

We Bare Bears is a children's TV show created by Daniel Chong. It premiered on Cartoon Network.

It is about 3 bear brothers: Grizzly, Panda, and Ice Bear (voiced by Eric Edelstein, Bobby Moynihan, and Demetri Martin), and their awkward attempts at communication with the human world in the San Francisco Bay Area. The series premiered on July 27, 2015. This series is Cartoon Network's first original series based on a comic.On August 12, 2015, Cartoon Network renewed the series for a second season.

Grizzly ""Grizz"" Bear is a fictional character. Grizzly is an anthropomorphic grizzly bear. His entire body is completely covered in brown fur. Grizzly is has a bubbly and hyperactive personality His is loud and talkative. He is an older brother of Panda Bear and Ice Bear. He is voiced by Eric Edelstein. 

His entire body is covered in brown fur. Grizz is in the middle in terms of height, he is taller than Panda but shorter than Ice Bear.

Not much is known about Grizzly's past, though what is known is he was parentless from a very young age. It is unknown what happened to his parents or who they were.

Grizzly is characterized as bubbly, hyperactive, loud, and talkative. 

The character recived mixed to negative reception. 

Panda Bear or Pan Pan is one of the protagonists of "We Bare Bears" created by Daniel Chong. Panda is voiced by Bobby Moynihan. He is a middle brother of Grizzly Bear and Ice Bear. 

Being a panda, his body is covered in black and white fur on his head (excluding the ears) and a stripe across his belly. He is shorter than his brothers, with a wider frame than both. He is shown to have small black eyes surrounded by black fur.
Panda is characterized as neurotic, artistic, and something of a drama queen.

Panda’s characterisim receive positive reviews from Fans who considered him an icon.

Ice Bear is one of the protagonist of the show We Bare Bears created by Daniel Chong. Ice Bear is voiced by Demetri Martin. He is a younger brother of Grizzly and Panda.
Ice Bear’s Character received Universal Acclaim 

Christmas carol

A Christmas carol (also called a noël, from the French word meaning "Christmas") is a carol (song or hymn) whose lyrics are on the theme of Christmas. They are traditionally sung on Christmas itself or during the surrounding holiday season. 

Carols were first sung thousands of years ago in Europe. They were sung by pagans at the celebration of the Winter solstice. Later, medieval carols were sung in elaborate formal rituals (such as the Catholic Mass). As they are known today, Christmas carols date back to about the 19th century. The tradition of going from house to house was not a part of Christmas caroling at first. It dates back further to Anglo-Saxon traditions. the word "wassail" comes from the Anglo-Saxon toast "Wæs þu hæl", meaning "be in good health". Wassailing likely predates the Norman conquest in 1066. The wishing of good fortune to neighbors produced the song "Here We Come-A-Wassailing". Another song, "We Wish You a Merry Christmas", also comes from the Wassailing tradition. The two forms, singing and wassailing, came together during the Victorian era in England. They produced the modern custom of Christmas caroling. Today Christmas carols are a very known tradition.

In the 1680s and 1690s, two French composers added carols into their works. Louis-Claude Daquin wrote 12 noels for the organ. Marc-Antoine Charpentier wrote a few instrumental versions of noels, plus one major choral work "Messe de minuit pour Noël". Other examples include:



Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology

Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology (TJHSST, TJ, Jefferson) is a high school in Virginia, United States. The school is a public school. It is part of the Fairfax Country Public Schools (FCPS). TJHSST is a selective school, which means that only a small group of people can go to the school. To decide who can go to the school, applicants (people who wants to go to the school) need to take an admission test, get a teacher recommendation, write essays, write a resume (a paper telling about who you are), and have good grades before. TJHSST is a very good school. "U.S. News & World Report" said that the school was the best public high school in the country from 2007 to 2013. In 2014 and 2015, TJHSST was first place again in Newsweek's "America's Top Schools" ranking.



Legal proceeding

A legal proceeding is any legal matter that is before a judge or tribunal. Legal proceedings refer to all parts of a trial or hearing. 

Legal proceedings for United States courts of appeals are called the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure. They apply to all courts of appeal and since December 4, 1967 to the United States Supreme Court.

Power kracker

The Power kracker (known as "Powerzone" before 2011 and "Power blaster" before 2012) are a line of unlicensed Nintendo entertainment system clones manufactured by Sinango and released in 2010. It has a sticker on it saying "76000 in 1" and shows large amounts of false advertising (Screenshots from existing modern games,uncredited reviews,ETC)and contains 76 pirated Nintendo Entertainment System games repeated circa 1,000 times. The Power Kracker has been reported as a common Famiclone to find at swap meets\flea markets. The console resembles an Xbox 360 controller and includes a lightgun, while the Powerzone resembles a Penguin.

A Study in Scarlet

A Study in Scarlet is a detective mystery novel written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It introduces his new characters, the detective Sherlock Holmes and his friend, Dr. John Watson. They became two of the most famous characters in literature.

Conan Doyle wrote the story in 1886, and it was published the next year. Holmes describes the story's murder investigation as his "study in scarlet": "There's the scarlet thread of murder running through the colourless skein of life, and our duty is to unravel it, and isolate it, and expose every inch of it".

The story and its main characters attracted little public interest when it first appeared. It was published in "Beeton's Christmas Annual" for 1887. Only 11 complete copies of the Annual exist now, and they have considerable value. Although Conan Doyle wrote 56 short stories about Holmes, "A Study in Scarlet" is one of only four full-length Holmes novels. The novel was followed by "The Sign of the Four", published in 1890.

"A Study in Scarlet" was the first work of detective fiction to have the magnifying glass as an investigative tool.

1881 Dr John H Watson having received a medical degree is attached to the British army war in Afghanistan; however after being badly wounded and stricken with fever, he is sent back to England with a half-pay pension for a year. Finding that he must move to cheaper lodgings, he makes the acquaintance of Sherlock Holmes -an eccentric student of chemistry and crime; this however is a sideline-Holmes real profession is that of a private consulting detective-with an extraordinary memory for both observation and knowledge Holmes can deduce both a persons profession and where they have been. Detective Gregson of Scotland Yard letters Holmes to consult him on a murder case. Holmes and Watson go to the scene of the crime-Holmes deduces that the victim Enoch Drebber had been poisoned; that the murderer smoke cigars; was over six feet tall and had a florid complexion, and that the cause of the murder was a woman. Despite a false start, Holmes tries to trap the killer with a fake ring advertisement but fails. The second murder is of secretary Joseph Strangerson who was stabbed in his hotel room. One clue is a small pillbox containing two pills-one harmless and one a poison. Holmes has a cabman try to lift his trunk-and arrests the cabman Jefferson Hope by name as the killer. Taken to Scotland Yard, Hope- who is dying from a weak heart- confesses: over twenty years before he was engaged to marry the daughter of a wealthy farmer in Salt Lake City Utah; however Strangerson killed the father and Drebber forced the girl to marry him; she died within a month of a broken heart; Hope vowed revenge and after many years traced Drebber and Strangerson to Cleveland Ohio; the now wealthy Drebber had Hope imprisoned; when Hope was released he found that Drebber and Strangerson fled to Europe-; St Petersburg Russia; Cobenhagen Denmark; Paris, France and then to London. Hope got himself hired as a Cabman so he could spy out his query. Drebber and Stragerson split up; the drunken Drebber gets himself thrown out of his boarding house for trying to court the landlady's daughter. Hope takes Drebber in his cab to the murder scene and confronts Drebber with his real identity. He then forces Drebber to take a pill while he eats the second one. Drebber dies looking at his wives wedding ring; Hope then goes after Strangerson and offers him the same choice-Starangerson tries to strangle Hope who stabs him. Hope decides to earn a little more money to go back to America even though he admits he has nothing left to live for having accomplished his revenge, when he hears a Baker Street Irregeler [a gang of boy spies employed by Holmes] inquire for him by name for a cab job. That very night Hopes heart bursts in his cell; after Holmes and Watson read about it in the newspaper Watson begins to write for the public an 18-year career of Holmes consulting work.

Garret Dillahunt

Garret L. Dillahunt (born November 24, 1964) is an American actor. He has played the role of Burt Chance on the Fox sitcom "Raising Hope". Dillahunt played the role of Ty Walker in the sixth season of "Justified".

Dillahunt was born on November 24, 1964 in Castro Valley, California. He grew up in Washington State. Dillahunt was a journalism major at the University of Washington. He then earned a Master's degree in Fine Arts (MFA) at New York University. 

Dillahunt began acting in television in the early 1990s. He made several guest appearances in programs such as 
"NYPD Blue" and "The X-Files". He later got a regular role playing two different characters on the HBO Network show "Deadwood". Dillahunt was cast to play Jesus Christ in the series "The Book of Daniel".

<br>

Molecular geometry

Molecular geometry is the way atoms are arranged in a molecule. The three-dimensional arrangement determines many properties of that molecule. There are many different molecular structures. They are organised by the number of atoms involved and the angles between the bonds.

The wide variety of different molecular structures depends on the number of atoms involved as well as the number of electron pairs, and these also determine the bond angles of the atoms. For example, a linear molecule will have a bond angle of 180° because the two atoms bonded to the central atom of a molecule are separated at a maximum angle of 180° equally opposite to each other. Bent molecules will have a bond angle of less than 180° but still have only two atoms bonded to the central atom of a molecule. That is because bent molecules have got electron pairs in the central atom that count as the electrons that will be separated from other atoms bonded to it.

Other shapes include:


Jessie Hill

Jessie Hill (December 9, 1932 – September 17, 1996) was an American R&B and Louisiana blues singer and songwriter. He was best known for his popular call and response song "Ooh Poo Pah Doo". As a singer, he recorded a successful single. In addition to his original, there have been over 100 cover versions made by other artists.

Hill was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. While still a teenager, he played drums in local bands. In 1951, while still drumming, he started his own group, the House Rockers. At first, Professor Longhair played piano, then later it was Huey "Piano" Smith. Hill got different musicians for the House Rockers in 1958, and started singing.

The idea for the song "Ooh Poo Pah Doo" began from some music played by a local pianist, who had the nickname Big Four. Hill wrote the lyrics and melody. Over time, while performing it on stage, it became a longer song. Hill also added an opening part written by Dave Bartholomew. In the end, the song became "a nonsensical yet rollicking call-and-response workout that perfectly captures the energy of French Quarter life...".

Hill recorded a demo that he shopped to local record labels, finally recording a session at Cosimo Matassa's studio. The record was produced by Allen Toussaint. When it was released in early 1960, it became popular, especially during Mardi Gras in New Orleans. That year, the record sold 800,000 copies and reached the Top 5 in the US "Billboard" R&B chart. It was in the Top 30 in the "Billboard" Hot 100 pop chart as well. There have been over 100 cover versions of "Ooh Poo Pah Doo" recorded and performed live over the years by other popular musicians.

Other records he made in New Orleans were not as successful. He then moved to California and worked with other musicians from New Orleans, including Harold Battiste and Mac Rebennack. Songs he wrote there were recorded by Ike Turner and Tina Turner, (singing together as "Ike & Tina Turner"), Sonny Bono and Cher (singing together as "Sonny & Cher") and Willie Nelson.

Stil living in California, a 1972 solo album was not successful at all. He ended up living in poverty and had a drinking problem. He moved back to New Orleans in 1977. He continued to drink alcohol and use narcotics. After he was arrested for drunk driving, he could no longer earn money driving his black Cadillac as a taxi. For a while he was homeless. There were several benefit concerts given to try to help him, but he did not recover from his failures.

Hill died of heart and renal failure in New Orleans in September 1996. He was 63. He is buried in Holt Cemetery in New Orleans, in a grave for the poorest citizens of the city.

Two of his grandsons are James and Troy "Trombone Shorty" Andrews. The pair performed "Ooh Poo Pah Doo" in Episode 7 of the HBO series "Treme". A third grandson, Travis "Trumpet Black" Hill, also performed as a trumpet player in New Orleans. He died from an infection while on tour in Tokyo on May 4, 2015.

Stade Vélodrome

The Stade Vélodrome is an association football stadium. It is in Marseille, France. It can hold 67,000 people. It was built in 1937 for the 1938 FIFA World Cup in France. It has been worked on many times, and has slowly turned into the stadium it is today. It is almost always used for Olympique Marseille matches. It was also used for the UEFA Euro 2016 in France.

Alfonso und Estrella

Alfonso und Estrella ("Alfonso and Estrella"), D. 732, is an German opera with music by Franz Schubert, and libretto by Franz von Schober. It was composed on 1821-22 in Vienna. And later was first performed in Weimar, on June 24, 1854.




List of NFL teams that finished a season at 1–15

This is a list of the National Football League teams that finished a season with 1 win and 15 losses. 11 teams finished a season with 1 win and 15 losses.

The 1980 Saints and the 2016 Browns started 0–14 before recording their first win. The 2007 Dolphins started 0–13 before recording their first win. The 2000 Chargers started 0–11 before recording their first win. The 2001 Panthers and the 2020 Jaguars won their season opener before losing 15 straight. The 2020 Jaguars was the last instance of an NFL team finishing 1–15, as the NFL expanded to a 17-game season starting in 2021.

Adriana Campos

Adriana Campos (February 27, 1979 – November 3, 2015), was a Colombian television, movie and stage actress. She worked with RCN Televisión and Caracol Televisión as an actress of telenovelas. She was known for her role as Nicole Aguilar in "Vecinos".

Campos died in a car accident in Salgar, Antioquia with her husband, aged 36.

Nora Brockstedt

Nora Brockstedt (20 January 1923 – 5 November 2015) was a Norwegian singer. She was born in Oslo. Brockstedt represented Norway in the Eurovision Song Contest 1960 and 1961, with the memorable songs "Voi-voi" and ["summer in Palma"] "Sommer i Palma".

Brockstedt died in hospital in Oslo from a long illness, aged 92.


Mating

Mating is the pairing of opposite-sex or hermaphrodite organisms. It is usually for sexual reproduction. Some definitions limit the term to pairing between animals. Other definitions extend the term to crossing in plants and fungi. It is usual for mating in plants or fungi to be called cross-fertilization, or "crossing" if the offspring have DNA from both genetic sources. 

Copulation is the union of the sex organs of two sexually reproducing animals for internal fertilization. Fertilization is the actual fusion of gametes.

Mating may also lead to external fertilization. This is done by amphibians, most fish, many lower animals, and plants. Many aquatic species just spread their eggs and sperm in the water at one specific time of year. That time varies between species. 

For some hermaphroditic species, copulation is not needed because the parent organism can self-fertilize (autogamy). In some flowering plants self-pollination can happen within the same flower, and some hermaphrodite animals self-fertilize. Many gastropods are hermaphrodite, and do simultaneous copulation in pairs. So do earthworms. 

In some birds, mating includes behaviors such as nest-building and feeding offspring. The human practice of artificial insemination of domesticated animals is part of animal husbandry.

Neptune Township, New Jersey

Neptune Township, New Jersey is a township in the U.S. state of New Jersey.

Melissa Mathison

Melissa Marie Mathison (June 3, 1950 – November 4, 2015) was an American movie and television screenwriter and an activist for Tibetan freedom. Her last movie produced and written was Disney's "The BFG" (2016).

She was best known for writing the screenplays for the movies "The Black Stallion" (1979); "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" (1982), for which she received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay; and "Kundun" (1997), a biographical-drama movie about the Dalai Lama, the exiled political and spiritual leader of Tibet.

From 1983 to 2004, Mathison was married to Harrison Ford. She died on November 4, 2015 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 65 from neuroendocrine cancer, a rare form of pancreatic cancer.

George Barris

George Barris (November 20, 1925 – November 5, 2015) was an American designer. He build many famous Hollywood custom cars, most notably the Munster Koach and 1966 Batmobile.

Barris was married to Shirley Nahas from 1958 until her death in 2001. They had two children. He died on November 5, 2015, in his sleep at his home in Encino, California from cancer, at the age of 89.


Woodbridge Township, New Jersey

Woodbridge Township, New Jersey is a township in the U.S. state of New Jersey.

Hans Mommsen

Hans Mommsen (5 November 1930 – 5 November 2015) was a German historian. He was the twin brother of historian Wolfgang Mommsen. Mommsen was known for his studies in German social history, and for his opinions of the Third Reich. He argued that Hitler was a "weak dictator". He also studied the Holocaust.


This Land Is Your Land

"This Land Is Your Land" is one of the best known folk songs in the United States. Its lyrics were written by American folk singer Woody Guthrie in 1940, based on a melody that already existed. Guthrie's melody was very similar to the melody of "Oh, My Loving Brother". This was a Baptist gospel hymn that had been recorded by the Carter Family as "When the World's On Fire", and had inspired their "Little Darlin', Pal of Mine." He used the same melody for the chorus and the verses.

Guthrie did not like Irving Berlin's song "God Bless America", sung at that time by Kate Smith. Guthrie was angry with the positive (smug) attitude of the song. He thought it was not realistic and the words sounded too proud of the country. The song was popular and was being played on the radio all the time. Tired of hearing it on the radio, he wrote a response originally named "God Blessed America For Me".

Guthrie rewrote the lyrics and the title over time and the song finally became "This Land Is Your Land". He sometimes added more overtly political verses in line with his views of communism than appear in recordings or publications.

Although Gutrie wrote the song in 1940, he did not record it until 1944. The song was not published until 1945, when it was included in a mimeographed booklet of ten songs with typed lyrics and hand drawings. The booklet was sold for twenty-five cents, and was copyrighted in 1951.

The first known professionally printed publication was in 1956 by Ludlow Music (now a unit of The Richmond Organization), which administered the publishing rights to Guthrie's song. Ludlow later issued versions with piano and guitar accompaniments.

In 2002, it was one of 50 recordings chosen that year by the Library of Congress to be added to the National Recording Registry.


Toms River, New Jersey

Toms River, New Jersey is a township in the U.S. state of New Jersey. It is the county seat of Ocean County.

Toms River was originally known as Dover Township. It was called Toms River so much that they voted to officially change the name of the town on November 7, 2006.

Shafiqa Quraishi

Shafiqa Quraishi is an Afghan activist for women's rights. In 2010, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Shafiqa Quraishi graduated from the police academy in Kabul in 1982. In 2002, she started to rise inside the police department, after the fall of the Taliban.

Quraishi did not work from 1996 until 2001. Because of the Taliban in Afghanistan, women could not work.

In 2010, Quraishi became a police colonel and the director of Gender, Human and Child Rights in the Ministry of the Interior of Afghanistan.

In 2011, Quraishi became Afghanistan's most senior policewoman. 

Quraishi started a group on the Afghan National Gender Recruitment Strategy. The goal of the group is to get 5,000 women to work in the Ministry of the Interior. 

She also worked to help women with child care, health care, maternity care, security, and skills training. Quraishi got promotions for women in the Afghan National Police who were unfairly passed over for years.

In 2010, Quraishi won the International Women of Courage Award from the United States Department of State.


Readhimer, Louisiana

Readhimer is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Paris-Saclay University

The University of Paris-Saclay (UPSaclay) is a public university in Paris, France. UPSaclay has nine schools and two colleges. The university also has seven research departments. Called a mega-university, their goal is to reach the same level of excellence as MIT, Oxford, Cambridge and Harvard Universities. It is a center for scientific and technological research. UPSaclay students, graduates, and faculty members are famous for being given many awards. The university was started in 2014. It is one of the most selective universities. The most popular major is engineering. It has already been called the "French Silicon Valley". Since October 2023, the university has been a partner of IPSA for double degrees in aerospace.


Genome editing

Genome editing is a type of genetic engineering.

DNA is inserted, replaced, or removed from a genome using artificially engineered nucleases, or "molecular scissors". The nucleases make specific double-strand breaks (DSBs) at desired places in the genome. The cell’s own mechanisms repair the induced break(s) by natural processes. 

At present there are four families of engineered nucleases being used.

To understand the function of a gene or a protein one interferes with it in a sequence-specific way, and watches its effects on the organism. However, in some organisms it is difficult or impossible to do site-specific mutation. Therefore more indirect methods have to be used. Examples are: 



Genome editing was chosen by Nature Methods as the 2011 Method of the Year. The technique is already being used, but implanting modified embryos into a woman is not yet permitted.

In 2017 this system was announced as one of the biggest scientific achievements of the year. Cas9 is an enzyme which, with a guide RNA, can put a new sequence of DNA into a genome. Sir John Skehel said "That might allow you to knock out a particular gene in a cell, or introduce a particular gene, or correct a particular mutated gene that you want to work better".

Small interfering RNA

Small interfering RNA (siRNA) is a class of double-stranded RNA molecules, 20-25 base pairs long. 

siRNA plays many roles, but it is most notable in the RNA interference (RNAi) pathway, where it interferes with the expression of certain genes. Genes are only affected if they have nucleotide sequences complementary to those of the siRNA. 

siRNA functions by breaking down mRNA after transcription. This prevents translation of the gene into protein. siRNA also acts in RNAi-related pathways, e.g., as an antiviral mechanism or in shaping the chromatin structure of a genome. The complexity of these pathways is only now being worked out.

Gene editing

Gene editing may refer to:


Harjit Sajjan

Harjit Singh Sajjan PC OMM MSM CD MP (born September 6, 1970) is a Canadian Liberal politician. He was the Canadian Minister of National Defence. Sajjan is also a Member of Parliament representing the Vancouver South riding. He was a decorated lieutenant-colonel in the Canadian Armed Forces. Before becoming a politician he spent 11 years as a police officer and detective.

As a teenager, Sajjan was baptised as a Sikh.

Pledge of Allegiance

The Pledge of Allegiance of the United States is an expression of allegiance to the Flag of the United States and the republic of the United States of America. It was originally composed by Colonel George Balch in 1887. It was changed by Francis Bellamy in 1892. It was formally adopted by the Congress as the pledge in 1942.

Liberty, Indiana

Liberty is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 2,000. It is the county seat of Union County.

Arcadia, Indiana

Arcadia is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, there were 1,515 people living in Arcadia.

List of awards and nominations received by Hugh Jackman

Australian actor and singer Hugh Jackman has won international recognition for his roles in major films, notably as superhero, period, and romance characters.

In November 2008, "People" magazine named Jackman that year's "Sexiest Man Alive."

On 21 April 2009, Jackman had his hand and footprint ceremony at the Grauman's Chinese Theatre.

He was awarded Best Performance By A Human Male award as Wolverine and a joint award for Best Cast award during the 2009 Spike Video Game Awards for the game X-Men Origins: Wolverine.

In December 2012, Jackman received a star on Hollywood's Walk of Fame.

[hugh jackman won the golden globe awards in 2013]

Isometry

Isometry is a concept of geometry. Isometry means that one shape can be transformed into another, but metrics such as the arrangement of the points in relation to each other stay the same. An isometry is a special way of changing things that makes sure the distance between every two points stays the same in both places.An isometry is a special kind of function that moves points around from one place to another. Some of these ways include turning objects, moving them in a straight line, flipping them, sliding them, or not moving them at all.

Most transformation that repeats itself after every two moves can either be a mirror image or a rotation by half. Every movement in a flat surface can be made by reflecting it at most three times. Every small group of transformations has at least one point that doesn't move. To be an isometry, a function needs to keep the distances between all points in both places the same. The distance from x to y is the same as the distance from f(x) to f(y).

If you draw something and then move it a certain way, the distances between the points on the first drawing will be the same as on the new drawing. Isometries are useful tools in many areas of mathematics, such as studying shapes, patterns, and how numbers behave. Metric spaces are helpful in Math because they help us study things like symmetry, congruence, and transformations. 

Skeletal muscle

Skeletal muscle is a form of "striated" (striped) muscle tissue. It is under the voluntary control of the somatic nervous system. Most skeletal muscles are attached to bones by bundles of collagen fibers that are known as tendons. It is one of three muscle types, the others being cardiac muscle and smooth muscle. 

Skeletal muscle is made up of individual muscle cells or myocytes, known as "muscle fibres". Muscle fibres do the work when muscles contract. A great deal is known about their structure and how they work. They contract when they get a nerve impulse.

Chris Stapleton

Chris Stapleton (born April 15, 1978 in Lexington, Kentucky) is an American country musician. 
He studied engineering in college before quitting school to try to become a musician at age 23. He is now signed to Universal Music Group in Nashville. Stapleton has written six number-one songs. Those songs include the five-week number one single "Never Wanted Nothing More" recorded by Kenny Chesney, "Love's Gonna Make It Alright" recorded by George Strait and "Come Back Song" recorded by Darius Rucker. 





Cardiac muscle

A cardiac muscle (heart muscle) is one of the three main types of muscle in vertebrates. It is involuntary: a person cannot control it consciously. Also, it is a in the walls of the heart. It makes up the tissue called the myocardium. 

The other types of muscle are the skeletal and smooth muscle. The cells that make up cardiac muscle have one (74%) or two (24.5%) nuclei. The myocardium forms a thick middle layer between the outer epicardium layer and the inner endocardium layer.

Coordinated contractions of cardiac muscle cells in the heart force blood out of the atria and ventricles to the blood vessels of the left/body/systemic and right/lungs/pulmonary circulatory systems. This mechanism illustrates systole (contraction) of the heart.

Cardiac muscle cells, unlike most other tissues in the body, rely on the coronary arteries to deliver oxygen and nutrients and remove waste products directly. There is no time for them to diffuse.

The heart muscle can become sick and weak. For example, if a person has very high blood pressure (hypertension), part of the heart muscle can get overworked. The heart muscle becomes bigger and cannot do its job as well. This is called hypertrophy.

If a person has a problem with the system that controls the heart, the heart muscle may not beat the way it needs to. It may beat too slowly to get blood out to the body (this is called bradycardia). Or it may beat so fast that the heart does not have time to fill with blood and then squeeze the blood out to the body. This is called tachycardia (there are many kinds).

The heart gets blood through the coronary arteries. These are special blood vessels that carry blood only to the heart. In order to do its job, the heart muscle needs a constant supply of blood and oxygen from the coronary arteries. If these coronary arteries get blocked, blood flow to the heart muscle can stop. Without blood flow, the heart muscle gets no oxygen. If this lasts long enough, the part of the heart muscle which is not getting enough oxygen dies. This is called a myocardial infarction, or a heart attack.

Selimiye Mosque

The Selimiye Mosque (Turkish: Selimiye Camii) is an Ottoman imperial mosque, which is in Edirne, Turkey. The mosque was commissioned by Sultan Selim II, and was built by architect Mimar Sinan between 1569 and 1575.

Dylan O'Brien

Dylan O'Brien (born August 26, 1991) is an American actor and musician. He is best know for his role as "Stiles" Stilinski in the MTV series "Teen Wolf". O'Brien also plays Thomas in the science fiction adventures "Maze Runner Series".

O'Brien was born in New York City. His parents are Lisa O'Brien, a former actress and Patrick O'Brien, a camera operator. He grew up in Springfield Township, New Jersey. When he was twelve his family moved to Hermosa Beach, California. His father has Irish ancestry. His mother has Italian, English and Spanish ancestry. When he graduated from Mira Costa High School in 2009, he planned to attend Syracuse University as a sport broadcasting , but he decided to move to Los Angeles to pursue an acting career. At fourteen, O'Brien began to post videos on his Youtube channel. Because of that, a local producer and director discovered him.

He went to several auditions. After meeting a manager he got one of the main roles in MTV's "Teen Wolf", a series based on the 1985 movie of the same name. He was originally planning to audition for the role of Scott, but after reading the script, O'Brien decided to audition for the role of Stiles. In 2013, O'Brien co-starred in the comedy movie "The Internship", with Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson. O'Brien played the lead role as Thomas in "The Maze Runner", a movie adaptation of the novel of the same name. They began filming in the summer of 2013. At the end of October 2014, he started filming the sequel "" in New Mexico. It was released on September 18, 2015 in the United States.

O'Brien was in a relationship with the actress Britt Robertson. They met on the set of "The First Time" in 2011. In October of 2018, news broke that the couple had split.O'brien is know for keeping his life private from social media. Because of this, there is no news on his current relationship status. 


Rebecca Soler

Rebecca Soler is an American voice actress who dubbed cartoons and anime for 4Kids Entertainment, Fox, Nickelodeon, Central Park Media and DuArt Film and Video. She grew up in Boston, MA and move it to Sugar Land, Texas. She is sometimes credited under the name "Jessica Paquet".




Fenethylline

Fenethylline, the generic name of Captagon, was first produced in the 1960s to treat hyperactivity, narcolepsy, and depression. It was banned in most countries by the 1980s for being too addictive. 

It remains popular in the Middle East and is used as a stimulant in the area to aid in combat. 

The drug is cheap and simple to produce, using ingredients that are easy and often legal to obtain, yet sells for up to $20 a tablet. A Lebanese psychiatrist, Ramzi Haddad, said that Captagon had "the typical effects of a stimulant", producing "a kind of euphoria. You're talkative, you don't sleep, you don't eat, you're energetic."

Constitutionality

Constitutionality refers to the agreement with a nations constitution, especially a law. When a law violates a constitution, it is unconstitutional. Most constitutional issues in the United States involve the Bill of Rights. These are the first 10 amendments to the US constitution. Something that is unconstitutional refers to an action by a government that s that government's authority. Most constitutions establish the powers that a government may have. Only a government action can violate a state or federal constitution. An example is the US Constitution that guarantees that the United States may not have an official religion. This is why holiday decorations at a city hall displaying only Christian images would be unconstitutional.

Atlanta, Indiana

Atlanta is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 712.

Gunnar Hansen

Gunnar Hansen (March 4, 1947 – November 7, 2015) was an Icelandic-American actor and author. He was best known for playing the mentally-ill cannibal Leatherface in "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" (1974). 

Hansen was born in Reykjavík, Iceland. He was raised in Maine and in Austin, Texas. He studied at the University of Texas at Austin. Hansen died of pancreatic cancer on November 7, 2015 at the age of 68.


José Ángel Espinoza

José Ángel Espinoza Aragón (October 2, 1919 – November 6, 2015), also known as Ferrusquilla, was a Mexican singer-songwriter and movie actor. He was the father of actress Angélica Aragón. He also was a composer working with the SACM (Society of Authors and Composers of Mexico) He was known for his roles in "House of Evil" and in "Two Mules for Sister Sara". He was born in Mazatlán, Sinaloa.

Espinoza died in Mexico City, Mexico from pneumonia, aged 96.

Spectre (2015 movie)

Spectre is a 2015 British-American spy movie and the twenty-fourth "James Bond" series produced by Eon Productions for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Columbia Pictures. It is the fourth movie to feature Daniel Craig as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond and the second movie in the series directed by Sam Mendes following "Skyfall", and was written by John Logan, Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and Jez Butterworth. It is the last "James Bond" movie to be distributed by Columbia Pictures, as Universal Pictures will internationally distribute the next movie in the series, "No Time to Die".

The story sees Bond pitted against the global criminal organisation Spectre and their enigmatic leader Ernst Stavro Blofeld (Christoph Waltz), who plans to launch a national surveillance network to mastermind criminal activities across the globe. The movie marks Spectre and Blofeld's first appearance in an Eon Productions movie since 1971's "Diamonds Are Forever"; a character resembling Blofeld had previously appeared in the 1981 movie, "For Your Eyes Only", but, because of the "Thunderball" controversy, he is not named, nor is his face shown. Several "James Bond" characters, including M, Q and Eve Moneypenny, return, with new additions Léa Seydoux as Dr. Madeleine Swann, Dave Bautista as Mr. Hinx, Andrew Scott as Max Denbigh and Monica Bellucci as Lucia Sciarra.

"Spectre" was filmed from December 2014 to July 2015 in Austria, the United Kingdom, Italy, Morocco and Mexico. The action scenes prioritised practical effects and stunts, while employing computer-generated imagery made by five different companies. "Spectre" was estimated to have cost around $245 million—with some sources listing it as high as $300 million—making it the most expensive Bond movie and one of the most expensive movies ever made.

"Spectre" was released on 26 October 2015 in the United Kingdom on the same night of the world premiere at the London Royal Albert Hall. It was followed by a worldwide release, including IMAX screenings. It was released in the United States and Canada on 6 November, and received fairly positive reviews from critics who praised the movie's action sequences, cinematography, acting and musical score, but criticized the screenplay and pacing. The theme song "Writing's on the Wall", performed and co-written by Sam Smith, won an Academy Award and Golden Globe for Best Original Song. "Spectre" grossed over $880 million worldwide, making it the sixth-highest-grossing movie of 2015 and the second-largest unadjusted total for the series after "Skyfall".

The next movie in the series, "No Time to Die", is set to be released on 2 April 2021, with Craig reprising his role for the fifth and last time and Cary Joji Fukunaga directing.



Hamilton County, Indiana

Hamilton County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 347,467. The county seat is Noblesville.



1993 San Marino Grand Prix

The 1993 San Marino Grand Prix (known as the 13° Gran Premio di San Marino by the people putting on the race) was a Formula One motor race held on 25 April 1993 at the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari in Imola, Italy. It was the third race of the 1993 Formula One season.



PSA Flight 182

Pacific Southwest Airlines (PSA) Flight 182 was a Boeing 727-214 commercial airliner, registration, that crashed with a private Cessna 172 light aircraft over San Diego, California on September 25, 1978. 

It was Pacific Southwest Airlines' first fatal accident. The death toll of 144 makes it the deadliest aircraft disaster in California history. Until the crash of American Airlines Flight 191, it was also the deadliest plane crash in U.S. aviation history.

Both aircraft crashed into North Park, a San Diego neighborhood, killing all 137 people on both aircraft and seven people on the ground in houses, including two children. Nine others on the ground were injured and 22 homes were destroyed or damaged by the impact and the spreading of debris.

The Boeing 727 flew in on top of and behind the Cessna, unbeknownst to the Cessna pilots. The larger 727's right wing flaps and left main landing gear collided with the Cessna, which immediately exploded and fell to the ground below in flames. The burning PSA continued on for another few kilometeres before crashing in a residential area with high vertical speed and exploding, killing everyone on board instantly.


Harrisville, New Hampshire

Harrisville is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. The population of the town was 984 at the 2020 census. It was founded in 1870.

Gerhard Sommer

Gerhard Sommer (24 June 1921 – 2019) was a SS-"Untersturmführer" (Second Lieutenant) in the 16th SS Panzergrenadier Division "Reichsführer-SS". He was involved in the massacre of 560 civilians on 12 August 1944 in the Italian village of Sant'Anna di Stazzema. He is on the Simon Wiesenthal Center's list of most wanted Nazi war criminals.

As of May 2006 Sommer was living in a nursing home in Hamburg-Volksdorf, Germany. In May 2015 Sommer was declared unfit for trial by prosecutors in Germany In He died in 2019.


Tom Graveney

Thomas William "Tom" Graveney OBE (16 June 1927 – 3 November 2015) was a leading English cricketer. He represented his country in 79 Test matches and scoring over 4,800 runs. In a career lasting from 1948 to 1972, he was the 15th person to score one hundred first-class centuries, and the first post-war player to do so. 

Graveney was born in Riding Mill, Hexham, Northumberland on 16 June 1927. His brother was Ken Graveney, also a cricketer. Graveney studied at the Bristol Grammar School.

He played for Gloucestershire and Worcestershire, and helped Worcestershire win the county championship for the first time in their history. His achievements for England after being recalled in 1966 have been described as "the stuff of legend." Graveney was a Wisden Cricketer of the Year in 1953, captained England on one occasion and was awarded the OBE while still playing.

In later life he worked as a cricket commentator for BBC Television and was the first former professional to be President of the Marylebone Cricket Club. He was one of the first 55 players inducted to the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame in 2009.

Graveney was married to Jackie Graveney from 1952 until her death of Alzheimer's disease in 2013. Graveney's brother, Ken, died on 25 October 2015. A week after his brother's death, Graveney died on 3 November 2015 from Parkinson's disease at the age of 88.


NoSQL

A very common programming language for accessing a database is called SQL. Many of these databases use the mathematical concept of relations to store the data. NoSQL is a term for databases that do not use relations, to store the data in the database. Relational databases have the benefit of being able to guarantee that all the data stored in the database is consistent. The drawback of this is that the cost of indexing the data grows with the amount of data. 

NoSQL approaches do not give strong guarantees about consistency, but they are able to better handle the situations where relational database systems have problems coping.

NoSQL is a non-relational DBMS, that does not require a fixed schema, avoid joins, and is easy to scale.

The purpose of using a NoSQL database is for distributed data stores with humongous data storage needs.

NoSQL is used for Big data and real-time web apps. For example, companies like twitter, Facebook, google collect terabytes of user data every single day.

NoSQL DBs could be grouped as follows, but these are archetypes rather than strict boundaries :


Rhea Chiles

Rhea Chiles (December 1, 1930 – November 8, 2015) was an American philanthropist and writer. She was the former First Lady of the State of Florida serving from 1991 to 1998. She was married to the late Governor Lawton Chiles. 

In 1998, Chiles founded The Lawton Chiles Foundation, which carries on the commitment of her husband to benefit the lives of children in Florida. In 2009, Chiles was designated a Distinguished Floridian by the Florida Economics Club at an event hosted by former Florida Supreme Court Justice Major B. Harding and keynoted by former United States Senator Sam Nunn. 

Chiles died from a long-illness at her home in Anna Maria Islands, Florida at the age of 84.

Charles Duncan Michener

Charles Duncan Michener (September 22, 1918 – November 1, 2015) was an American entomologist. He was born in Pasadena, California. He was a leading expert on bees, his "magnum opus" being "The Bees of the World".


Maduluwawe Sobitha Thero

Maduluwawe Sobitha Thero (; 29 May 1942 – 8 November 2015) was a Sinhalese Buddhist Bikku. He was a well-known socialist and social justice activist. He was a Buddhist style non-violent revolutionary and he led campaigns that toppled the Sri-Lankan government on several occasions. He was the chief monk of the Kotte Naga Vihara. He played a key role to bring a new government in 2015 defeating Mahinda Rajapaksa, where he supported a common candidate Maithripala Sirisena for presidency, and Ranil Wickremesinghe to form a new government. 

Ven Sobitha died at the age of 73 on 8 November 2015 from multiple organ failure at the Mount Elizabeth Hospital in Singapore.

Skandagupta

Skandagupta () (died 467) was a Gupta Emperor of northern India. People do not know who his ancestors were. He faced some of the greatest challenges in the annals of the empire having to contend with the Pushyamitras and the Hunas (a name by which the "White Huns" were known in India). He died in 467.

Piotr Domaradzki

Piotr Krystian Domaradzki (June 21, 1946 – November 4, 2015) was a Polish-American journalist, essayist and historian. He had a longtime association with Chicago's Polish community. He worked for 30 years at "Dziennik Związkowy" ("Alliance Daily"), the oldest and largest Polish language newspaper in the United States. From October 2009 to March 2013, he served as the paper's editor-in-chief. He emigrated from Poland in 1984 and became a U.S. citizen in 1996.

Domaradzki died in Chicago, Illinois from complications following injuries sustained in a house fire, aged 69.

Axes

Axes can refer to:


John Speraw

John Speraw is an American volleyball coach. He is the head coach of the United States men's national volleyball team and the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). He was the former coach of the University of California, Irvine volleyball program. There he led the team to three national titles in six years. Speraw graduated from UCLA in 1995 with a B.S. degree in microbiology and molecular genetics.

The Jazz Soul of Little Stevie

The Jazz Soul of Little Stevie is the 1962 debut album by Stevie Wonder (then known as "Little Stevie Wonder") on the Tamla (a label owned by Motown) label. Wonder was eleven years old when it was released. It was also the first album Wonder released in 1962, the second was "Tribute to Uncle Ray".

This is Wonder's only studio album in which he does not sing; he plays on percussion, the keyboard, and the harmonica. Wonder's mentors Clarence Paul and Henry Cosby wrote and produced the songs on "The Jazz Soul of Little Stevie Wonder", with Wonder also co-writing two of the songs on the album.



Tribute to Uncle Ray

Tribute to Uncle Ray is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder (then known as "Little Stevie Wonder") . It was released in October 1962, not long after Wonder's debut album "The Jazz Soul of Little Stevie", which was also released in 1962.

The album was released to match the success of Ray Charles who was also a blind African American R&B singer.

All songs composed by Ray Charles, except where indicated.


Davidson County, Tennessee

Davidson County is a county located in middle Tennessee. The state capitol, Nashville, is in Davidson County and is the county seat. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 715,884 people.

Recorded Live: The 12 Year Old Genius

Recorded Live: The 12 Year Old Genius is the first live album by Stevie Wonder (then known as "Little Stevie Wonder") . The album was released on the Tamla record label on May 31, 1963. It was also the first album that Wonder released in 1963, the second was "With a Song in My Heart".


With a Song in My Heart (Stevie Wonder album)

With a Song In My Heart is Stevie Wonder's third album, released in 1963 on the Tamla label. The album was the first album of Wonder's not to be released as "Little Stevie Wonder" because he was getting older and taller. It was also the second album of Wonder's to be released in 1963.


List of bridges in Azerbaijan

This is a list of bridges in Azerbaijan.


McDonnell Douglas AV-8B Harrier II

The McDonnell Douglas (now Boeing) AV-8B Harrier II is a single-engine ground-attack aircraft. It is the second generation of the Harrier Jump Jet family. It is capable of vertical or short takeoff and landing (V/STOL). The aircraft was designed in the late 1970s as an Anglo-American development of the British Hawker Siddeley Harrier, the first operational V/STOL aircraft. It can hover like a helicopter but can also fly like a jet at near supersonic speeds. It is named after the a bird of prey. It is primarily used on light attack or multi-role missions. These range from close air support of ground troops to armed reconnaissance. The AV-8B is used by the United States Marine Corps (USMC), the Spanish Navy, and the Italian Navy. A variant of the AV-8B, the British Aerospace Harrier II, was developed for the British military. Another is the TAV-8B, is a dedicated two-seat trainer.

The project that eventually led to the AV-8B's creation started in the early 1970s. It was a cooperative effort between the United States and United Kingdom (UK). it was aimed at working on solving the problems of the first-generation Harrier. Early efforts centered on a larger, more powerful Pegasus engine to improve the Harrier's performance. The UK dropped out of the project in 1975.

Following the withdrawal of the UK, McDonnell Douglas extensively redesigned the earlier AV-8A Harrier to create the AV-8B. While retaining the general layout of its predecessor, the aircraft uses a new wing, an elevated cockpit, a redesigned fuselage, one extra hardpoint per wing, and other structural and aerodynamic changes. The aircraft is powered by an upgraded version of the Pegasus, which gives the aircraft its V/STOL ability. The AV-8B made its maiden flight in November 1981 and entered service with the USMC in January 1985. Later upgrades added a night-attack capability and radar. This resulted in the AV-8B(NA) and AV-8B Harrier II Plus, respectively. An enlarged version named Harrier III was also studied, but was not built. The UK, through British Aerospace, re-joined the improved Harrier project as a partner in 1981. After corporate mergers in the 1990s, Boeing and BAE Systems have jointly supported the program. Approximately 340 aircraft were produced in a 22-year production program that ended in 2003.

Pevensey

Pevensey is a village and civil parish in the Wealden district of East Sussex, England. The main village is located 5 miles (8 km) north-east of Eastbourne, one mile (1.6 km) inland from Pevensey Bay. The settlement of Pevensey Bay forms part of the parish. It was here that William the Conqueror first landed on and invaded England in 1066 after crossing the English Channel from Normandy, France.

The name "Pevensey" was first recorded in 947 as "Pefenesea", meaning "River of [a man named] Pefen". It comes from the Anglo-Saxon personal name "Pefen" plus "eã", meaning "river". This is probably a reference to the now largely silted-up marshes.

In the 290s the Romans built a fort at Pevensey, which they named Anderitum. In 471 Saxons attacked Pevensey and the fort was abandoned for centuries. When William the Conqueror invaded England in September 1066, he landed at Pevensey. The bay provided a safe haven for his fleet of 700 ships. The English army had been awaiting Duke William's arrival on the south coast all summer. With supplies running short King Harold allowed his soldiers to return home. When Harald Hardrada the king of Norway invaded northern England in late September, King Harold gathered his army and moved north to York, 250 miles away, to meet the invaders. William, meanwhile, moved his army and fleet to Hastings and built a castle while he awaited Harold and his army. 

After the Battle of Hastings the Roman fort at Pevensey was occupied by the Normans. It was given to Robert, Count of Mortain (William's half brother). Robert de Mortain built his castle there. The castle was besieged several times during the 11th–13th centuries. Queen Elizabeth I ordered that it be demolished but the order was ignored. As late as 1942 small additions were made to the castle for the defence of Britain. It became a lookout over the channel for German aircraft during World War II. Today the castle is in the upkeep of English Heritage. 

Deem Bristow

Deem Bristow (April 11 1947 - January 15 2005) was an American actor. He has done the voice of many characters in animated series and video games. He was best known for his role as Dr. Eggman in the Sonic the Hedgehog video game series from 1998 to 2004.

Bristow died on January 15, 2005 from a heart attack in San Diego, California at the age of 57.




Vladimir Alekno

Vladimir Romanovich Alekno; (born in Polotsk on 4 December 1966) is a former Russian volleyball player and current volleyball coach. He coaches the Russia men's national volleyball team. He also leads a professional team in Kazan, Russia.

Alekno coached the national volleyball team in 2007-2008 and 2011-2012. Under his leadership, the Russian players won the gold medal in 2012 and the bronze medal in 2008 in the Summer Olympic Games. As well, they won the World League and the World Cup both in 2011.

Daniel Castellani

Daniel Jorge Castellani (born 21 March 1961) is a former Argentine volleyball player and coach, a member of Argentina men's national volleyball team in 1976-1988, bronze medalist of the Olympic Games Seoul 1988, a participant of the Olympic Games Los Angeles 1984, head coach of Sir Safety Perugia.

Raúl Lozano

Raúl Lucio Lozano (born September 3, 1956 in La Plata, Argentina) is a former Argentine volleyball player. He first coached for Estudiantes de La Plata. In 2005-2008 Lozano was the head coach of Poland's national volleyball team. He has also coached other top-level teams in Europe including teams from Italy, Greece, and Spain. He led the Polish national team to win a silver medal at the 2006 World championship held in Japan. His Polish team lost to Italy in the quarter final round of the 2008 Summer Olympics at Beijing. In 2009 he coached the German team for two years. He was then the head coach of Czarni Radom in Poland. 

On November 17, 2015, it was announced that Raúl Lucio will coach the Iranian national volleyball team. He replaced Slobodan Kovac who is the former coach of the Iranian team.

Jackie Evancho

Jacqueline Marie "Jackie" Evancho ( ; born April 9, 2000) is an American classical crossover singer. Evancho plays piano, flute, and is also a songwriter. She gained wide recognition at an early age. Since 2009, Evancho has released an EP and five studio albums. She has one platinum and one gold album. Evancho has even performed at Carnegie Hall.

Between 2008 and 2010, Evancho entered several talent competitions. She made singing appearances, mostly in Pennsylvania. She also attracted interest on YouTube. In 2010, at age ten, she gained wider popularity with her performances in the fifth season of the "America's Got Talent" competition. She finished in second place behind Michael Grimm. Evancho starred in the 2012 movie "The Company You Keep" with Robert Redford.

Bowerhill

Bowerhill is a suburb of Melksham, Wiltshire, England. It is located to the south of the town. There is a small primary school, a Tesco store and a sports centre in the village. During World War II, Bowerhill was home of a major Royal Air Force Station, RAF Melksham. 

Stevie at the Beach

Stevie at the Beach is the fourth album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder released on the Tamla (Motown) label on June 23, 1964. He wouldn't release another album until "Up-Tight" which was released in 1966, two years later.


Arden Hayes

Arden Hayes (born January 30, 2008) is a middle school student from Southern California, United States. Because of his great knowledge of American presidents, he became famous at the age of five, in addition to reciting Lincoln's Gettysburg Address and being able to identify the countries of the worlds and their capitals.

His interest in American presidents, started when he was learning about who was born on his birthday, and he realized that he was born the same day that Franklin Delano Roosevelt.

On July 2, 2013, Arden appeared on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" to demonstrate his knowledge of the U.S. presidents. On November 5, 2013, Arden appeared again on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", and this time showed his knowledge of the countries of the world and their capitals, in addition to decline a free Sony Xperia Tablet Z because he preferred to wait until Christmas to receive an Apple iPad. He appeared on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" for third time on April 2, 2014, to show his knowledge of the elements in the periodic table.

Ernst Fuchs

Ernst Fuchs (February 13, 1930 – November 9, 2015) was an Austrian painter, draftsman, printmaker, sculptor, architect, stage designer, composer, poet, and singer. He was born in Vienna. He was one of the founders of the Vienna School of Fantastic Realism. In 1972, he bought the Otto Wagner Villa in Hütteldorf, which he restored and transformed. The villa was inaugurated as the Ernst Fuchs Museum in 1988.

Fuchs died at the age of 85 on November 9, 2015 in Vienna.

Tommy Hanson

Thomas J. "Tommy" Hanson Jr. (August 28, 1986 – November 9, 2015) was an American professional baseball pitcher in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played for the Atlanta Braves and Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. Hanson made his MLB debut with Atlanta that season, and played with the Braves through 2012. He pitched his final season in 2013 with the Angels, who had acquired him in a trade.

On November 9, 2015, Hanson was reported to be in a coma with "catastrophic organ failure." He died at Piedmont Hospital in Atlanta later that night at the age of 29.

Pat Eddery

Patrick James John "Pat" Eddery (18 March 1952 – 10 November 2015) was an Irish flat racing jockey and horse trainer. He was born in Newbridge, County Kildare.

He rode three winners of the Epsom Derby, and was Champion Jockey eleven times. He is co-holder of the record for most wins in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. He rode the winners of 4,632 British flat races, a figure passed only by Sir Gordon Richards.

Eddery died on 10 November 2015 from cirrhosis, aged 63. He had long battled alcoholism.

Allen Toussaint

Allen Toussaint (; January 14, 1938 – November 10, 2015) was an American musician, songwriter-composer, record producer, and influential figure in New Orleans R&B.

Many of Toussaint's songs became familiar through cover versions by other musicians, including "Working in the Coal Mine", "Ride Your Pony", "Fortune Teller", "Play Something Sweet", "Southern Nights", "Everything I Do Gonna Be Funky", "I'll Take a Melody", "Get Out of My Life, Woman" and "Mother-in-Law".

Toussaint was born in Gert Town, New Orleans. He was raised in Gert Town and in New Orleans. His mother was Naomi Neville.

In 1960, Toussaint was hired as a record producer by a label in New Orleans. He was also looking for new talent to sign to the label, named Minit Records. Toussaint played piano, wrote, and produced many hit records in the early and mid 1960s for New Orleans R&B artists. Some examples are:

In 1998, Toussaint was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and in 2009 into the Louisiana Music Hall of Fame. On May 9, 2011, he was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame.

In 2013 he was awarded the National Medal of Arts by President Barack Obama.

Toussaint died while touring in Madrid, Spain after suffering a heart attack at his hotel, aged 77.

Toussaint’s two marriages ended in divorce. He is survived by his two children, son Clarence (better known as Reginald) and daughter Alison, and by several grandchildren. His children had managed his career in recent years.


Laurent Vidal

Laurent Vidal (18 February 1984 – 10 November 2015) was a French professional triathlete, three time French Champion (2009, 2011 and 2012) and two time Olympian. In Beijing 2008 he placed 36th while he took the 5th place in London 2012. He was born in Sete.

On 10 November 2015, Vidal died at the age of 31 after a heart attack in Gigean.

United States courts of appeals

The United States courts of appeals (or circuit courts) are the appellate courts of the Federal judiciary of the United States. A court of appeals decides appeals from the district courts within its federal judicial circuit. In some cases it decides appeals from other designated federal courts and administrative agencies.

The United States courts of appeals are considered among the most and courts in the United States. They have the ability to set legal precedent that affect millions of Americans. The United States courts of appeals have strong influence on U.S. law. The U.S. Supreme Court chooses to review less than 1% of the more than 10,000 cases filed with it ly. This means the United States courts of appeals makes the final decision in most federal cases. The Ninth Circuit in particular is very influential. It covers 20% of the American population.

There are currently 179 judges on the United States courts of appeals. These judges are d by the President of the United States and confirmed by the United States Senate. They have lifetime tenure, earning an annual salary of $213,300. There are thirteen United States courts of appeals. There are other tribunals that have "Court of Appeals" in their titles, such as the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces. They hear appeals in court-martial cases. The United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims reviews final decisions by the Board of Veterans' Appeals in the Department of Veterans Affairs. 

Decisions of the United States courts of appeals have been published by the private company West Publishing in the "Federal Reporter" series since the courts were established. Only decisions that the courts choose for publication are included. The "unpublished" opinions (of all but the Fifth and Eleventh Circuits) are published separately in West's "Federal Appendix". They are also available in on-line databases like LexisNexis or Westlaw. More recently, court decisions are also available electronically on the official court websites. However, there are also a few federal court decisions that are classified for national security reasons.

There are eleven ed circuits which are numbered one through eleven. The D.C. Circuit is the twelfth. The thirteenth court of appeals is the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. It has nationwide jurisdiction over certain appeals based on their subject matter. All of the courts of appeals also hear appeals from some government agency decisions and rulemaking. The largest share of these cases heard by the D.C. Circuit. The Federal Circuit hears appeals from specialized trial courts. These are primarily the United States Court of International Trade and the United States Court of Federal Claims. They also hear appeals from the district courts in patent cases and certain other specialized matters.














André Glucksmann

André Glucksmann (; 19 June 1937 – 10 November 2015) was a French philosopher, activist and writer. He was a member of the French new philosophers.

Glucksmann was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, France to a Jewish family. He studied at the École normale supérieure de Saint-Cloud in Lyon, France.

Glucksmann became well-known during the 1970s for his support of the Vietnamese boat people. He was an outspoken critic of Nazism and communism.

Later in life, he was known for his views and beliefs of the September 11 attacks. He wrote a book about how god had nothing to do with the 9/11 attacks called "Dostoyevsky in Manhattan". Glucksmann supported military action in Afghanistan and Iraq. He was highly critical of Russian foreign policy, supporting a call for Chechen independence.

In August 2008 he co-signed an open letter with Václav Havel, Desmond Tutu, and Wei Jingsheng calling upon the Chinese authorities to respect human rights both during and after the Beijing Olympic Games.

Glucksmann died of cancer on 10 November 2015 in Paris, France, aged 78.


Samantha Cristoforetti

Samantha Cristoforetti (born April 26, 1977) is an Italian European Space Agency astronaut, Italian Air Force pilot an engineer. She is the first Italian woman in space and until 2017, held the record for the woman with most time spent in space with 199 days and 16 hours. This record is now held by Christina Koch. Cristoforetti is also the first person in prepare an espresso in space.

Cristoforetti was born in Milan in 1977. She spent her childhood in Malè, Val di Sole, Trentino, Italy. When she was 18, she took a US foreign exchange program and attended Space Camp.

On July 3, 2012, the European Space Agency assigned to Cristoforetti a long-duration mission to the ISS in 2014.


Appellate court

An appellate court, commonly called an appeals court, court of appeals (American English), appeal court (British English), court of second instance or second instance court, is any court of law that hears an appeal of a trial court or other lower tribunal. In most jurisdictions, the court system is divided into at least three levels. The trial court, which initially hears cases and reviews evidence and to determine the facts of the case. There is at least one intermediate appellate court. The top level is a supreme court (or court of last resort) which primarily reviews the decisions of the intermediate courts. A jurisdiction's supreme court is that jurisdiction's highest appellate court. Appellate courts nationwide can operate by varying rules.

The of appellate courts to review decisions of lower courts varies widely from one jurisdiction to another. In some places, the appellate court has limited powers of review. "Generally speaking, an appellate court's judgment provides 'the final directive of the appeals courts as to the matter appealed, setting out with specificity the court's determination that the action appealed from should be affirmed, reversed, remanded or modified'".

Tim Valentine

Itimous Thaddeus "Tim" Valentine, Jr. (March 15, 1926 – November 10, 2015), generally known as Tim Valentine, was an American lawyer and politician. He was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from North Carolina from 1983 to 1995.

He was in the United States Air Force from 1944 to 1946.

Valentine died at his home in Rocky Mount, North Carolina on November 10, 2015 from heart failure at the age of 89.


Photograph (Ed Sheeran song)

"Photograph" is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran for his second studio album, "x" (2014). Sheeran co-wrote the song with Snow Patrol member Johnny McDaid.

"Photograph" served as the fifth and final single from the album. It reached the top five on the main singles charts in more than five countries. In the US, where it peaked at number ten, "Photograph" became the third single from the album to have reached within the top ten. In the UK, it reached number 15 and has since been certified platinum for sales of 600,000 units. The single has also been certified double platinum in Australia and Canada, and platinum in New Zealand. 

The single's release on 11 May 2015 followed the premiere of the music video on 9 May 2015.

Line of Actual Control

The Line of Actual Control (LAC) is the effective border between India and China. The LAC is 4,057-km long and traverses three areas of northern Indian states: western (Ladakh, Kashmir), middle (Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh) and eastern (Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh). Quote: "India is used to incursions by Chinese troops across the 4,057-km LAC in all the three sectors—western (Ladakh), middle (Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh) and eastern (Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh)— in a bid to strengthen China's claim over disputed areas and ensure New Delhi does not change its Tibet policy."

Chinese Prime Minister Zhou Enlai used the phrase in a letter addressed to Indian Prime Minister Nehru dated October 24, 1959. In a letter dated November 7, Zhou told Nehru that the LAC consisted of "the so-called McMahon Line in the east and the line up to which each side exercises actual control in the west". During the Sino-Indian War (1962), Nehru claimed not to know where the line was: "There is no sense or meaning in the Chinese offer to withdraw twenty kilometers from what they call 'line of actual control'. What is this 'line of control'? Is this the line they have created by aggression since the beginning of September? Advancing forty or sixty kilometers by blatant military aggression and offering to withdraw twenty kilometers provided both sides do this is a deceptive device which can fool nobody." It should be noted that these incursions were in response to India's "forward policy" in which India began to contest areas controlled by China, including some that were not included in the McMahon Line.

Tupi people

The Tupí people were an important ethnic group of indigenous peoples in Brazil. Scholars believe they first settled in the Amazon rainforest. Later, they started to move to the south and settled on the Atlantic coast.

The Tupí people were living in almost all of the Brazilian coast when the Portuguese first arrived there. In 1500, their population was estimated to be 1 million people. They were divided into tribes, each tribe numbering from 300 to 2,000 people. Some of these tribes are: "Tupiniquim", "Tupinambá", "Potiguara", "Tabajara", "Caetés", "Temiminó", "Tamoios".

The Tupí had agriculture. They grew cassava, corn, sweet potatoes, beans, peanuts, tobacco, squash, cotton and many other crops.

After the 16th century, the Tupí were assimilated, made to work as slaves, or killed by diseases such as smallpox or by Portuguese settlers and Bandeirantes (colonial Brazilian scouts). Except for a few communities, nearly all the Tupí were killed. Today, the descendants of the survivors live on Indian reservations or are part of the dominant Brazilian society.

The Tupí were divided into several tribes which would constantly engage in war with each other. In these wars, the Tupí would try to capture their enemies to later kill and eat them.
They believed that they would gain the strength of the warriors they eat. The Tupí also ate the remains of dead relatives.

Cannibalism by the Tupí decreased after European contact and religious intervention. When Cabeza de Vaca, a Spanish conquistador, arrived in Santa Catarina in 1541, for instance, he attempted to ban cannibalism.

Some scholars question whether the Tupí actually engaged in cannibalism. They do not think the sources that talk about cannibalism, mostly written by Europeans, are reliable.

In the 16th century, the Tupi were the first group to have contact with the Portuguese. The Portuguese colonists did not bring many women, so miscegenation between Portuguese settlers and indigenous women started. The Tupi had a tradition, called "Cunhadismo", of incorporating strangers to their community. The Indians offered the Portuguese an Indian girl as wife. Once he agreed, he formed a bond of kinship with all the Indians of the tribe. The settlers also adopted the Indian practice of polygyny.

The relatives of an Indian woman would have to work for her husband. If a settler had many Indian wives, he would have a large number of Indian relatives who would have to work for him. They would mostly have to cut wood and take it to the ships on the coast. Since there were not a lot of Portuguese women in Brazil, intermarriage made it easier for the Portuguese to colonize the country.

Although most of the Tupí population died, a large population with Tupí-Portuguese ancestry occupied much of Brazilian territory. They continued the ancient Tupí traditions in several points of the country. Darcy Ribeiro wrote that the first Brazilians looked more like the Tupí than the Portuguese. The language that they spoke, called Nheengatu or Língua Geral, was based on Tupí.

Eventually, Brazilian society started to lose its Tupi characteristics. Língua Geral was replaced by the Portuguese language. Indian ways of making things were replaced by European ones. Brazilian Portuguese absorbed many words from Tupi.


Victor Skumin

Victor Andreevich Skumin () (born 30 August 1948) is a Russian psychologist, psychiatrist, psychotherapist, medical doctor and writer.

Victor Skumin was born on 30 August 1948 in Penza Oblast, Russia. His father, Andrew Skumin, was a KGB officer. The family moved between Penza, Chelyabinsk, and Petrozavodsk.

Skumin studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University. He graduated the university in 1973 with diploma with honours.

In 1976, he became a psychotherapist in Kiev Institute of Cardiovascular Surgery. Skumin was the first to described a previously unknown disease, now called "Skumin syndrome".

From 1980 to 1990 he was professor of psychotherapy at the Kharkov Medical Academy of Postgraduate education. He investigated borderline mental disorders in chronic diseases of the digestive system in children and adolescents.

From 1990 to 1994, Skumin held positions as Professor of Psychology and Pedagogy, and Professor of Physical Education and Health life at the Kharkov State Academy of Culture. In 1994, Skumin became President of the World Organization of Culture of Health — International social movement "To Health via Culture".

In 1995, he became the first editor-in-chief of the journal "To Health via Culture". This journal of the World Organisation of Culture of Health received an International Standard Serial Number (ISSN) 0204-3440. The main topics of the magazine are the dissemination of ideas of Culture of Health, holistic medicine, and Buddhism.

In the Russian Orthodox Church the social activities of this international organization qualifies as an ideology of the New Age.

In 1968, when Skumin was still a medical student, he proposed the term ″culture of health″, which has become widespread. The main task of the culture of health is to do health programs that support a holistic approach to physical, mental and spiritual well-being.

The 'culture of health' means recognizing health’s central importance in life. He referred to the works of Helena Blavatsky, Helena and Nicholas Roerich, Konstantin Tsiolkovsky, and Alexander Chizhevsky. In some of his publications, he argues that the culture of health will play an important role in the creation of a human spiritual society in the Solar System.

The doctrine of a culture of health, proposed by Skumin, the culture – spiritual, mental, and physical – determines the status of human health. And health – spiritual, mental, physical – is a prerequisite for achieving a higher level of culture.

"Skumin syndrome" ) was described by Skumin in 1978 as a "cardioprosthetic psychopathological syndrome", associated with mechanical heart valve implant and manifested by irrational fear and sleep disorder. Patients have doubts about the reliability of the device, fear of breakdown, and suffer anxiety and depression. This syndrome is often accompanied by asthenia.

Alain Carpentier – a member of the French Academy of Sciences and the head the Department of Cardiovascular Surgery at the Hôpital Européen Georges-Pompidou in Paris – believed in 2011 that Skumin syndrome develops in a quarter of the patients with an artificial heart valve. It is possible that a similar problem arises in the conduct of operations to implement an artificial heart.

In 1979, Skumin created a special modification of mind control method for psychological rehabilitation of patients. 

This method is based on autogenic training. This is a relaxation technique developed by the psychiatrist Johannes Heinrich Schultz. He emphasized parallels to techniques in yoga and meditation. It is a method for influencing one's autonomic nervous system. The technique involves the daily practice of sessions that last around 15 minutes, usually in the morning, at lunch time, and in the evening. During each session, the practitioner will repeat a set of visualisations that induce a state of relaxation. Each session can be practiced in a position chosen amongst a set of recommended postures.

The technique of the Skumin mind control method involves the use of two standard postures: sitting meditation and lying down meditation. This includes five psychological exercises: the first is "the relaxation", the second one is "the warming", the third one is "the zero gravity", the fourth one is "the target autosuggestion", and the fifth exercise is "the psychological activation". Each session contain explanation of the theory and practice of each new exercise as it is reached. 

The therapeutic effect of the Skumin mind control method is achieved by the neutralization of traumatic emotional experiences and the progressive reorganization of the psychic structures to include previously unacceptable mental contents, too. This method of psychotherapy has found application in medical practice, in particular in the treatment of phobias, headaches, etc.

"Skumin’s mixture" is a medicine with a sedative effect, affecting the central nervous system. It is used to treat Skumin syndrome, light forms of heart failure, anxiety and sleep disorders, and asthenia. The medicine is known to be well tolerated, with no contra-indications, except sensitivity. The formula contains Adonis vernalis, Crataegus, Valerian root, Leonurus cardiaca, Eucalyptus, Peppermint, and Rose hip.

Skumin wrote many books and articles on a variety medical and spiritual topics advocating a holistic approach to health. He is the author or co-author of a series illustrated books on the culture of health, yoga, Roerich’s philosophy, and Buddhism. 

He is the author of music and lyrics of several songs. Among them:

Skumin was important in the Western transmission and revival of Theravada Buddhism. Today Theravada Buddhists, who are also known as Theravadins, number over 100 million worldwide; in recent decades Theravada has begun to take root in the West and in the Buddhist revival in Nepal.

"The Epoch Times" in 2022 reported the participation of Viсtor Skumin in psychological experiments with plants.



Wrongful death claim

Wrongful death is a claim against a person who may be held liable for another person's death. A wrongful death lawsuits may be based on claims of negligence, misconduct, or a criminal act such as murder.

If the person accused of causing a wrongful death is charged with a crime, the wrongful death lawsuit may be filed after a criminal trial. It is possible to win a wrongful death lawsuit even if the person is acquitted of a crime that caused the death, because even though both trials may use the same evidence a wrongful death case has a lower standard of proof.

The claim is brought in a civil action, usually by close relatives, based on tort laws. Common law did not allow for wrongful deatlh lawsuits, as the right to bring a wrongful death claim belonged to the deceased person and died along with that person. In the United States, state and federal laws now allow for wrongful death cases in all U.S.jurisdictions.

In law, damages are an award of compensation, usually of money, paid to a person who has suffered a loss or injury. Damages for wrongful death may include:


Some states also allow recovery of punitive damages, an additional award that is intended to reform or the defendant and others from doing the same thing again. When available, punitive damages are normally awarded only for the most extreme cases, involving gross negligence, recklessness or intentional acts that result in death.

Up-Tight

Up Tight (also known as Up-Tight Everything's Alright) is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder. It was released on May 4, 1966 by Tamla. The album reached No.33 on the Billboard Pop Album charts and No.2 on the R&B Albums charts. The album has the popular hit "Uptight (Everything's Alright)".


Speed dating

Speed dating is a formal dating process for singles. It is a fun way to meet a large number of new people in a short period of time. Singles spend three-to-five minute periods of time with as many as 25 prospective partners. The conversations are about whatever the two chose. The events are held at places like coffee shops. There is usually a fee and the rules can vary. The short period of time between couples ranges by event. Each participant has a sheet of paper on which they note "interested" or "not interested". The organizer of the event gathers the comments at the end of the event. They look for possible matches and after two or three days contact each participant to see if they are interested in dating the other person. The price for the service ranges from $20 to $80.

Penza Oblast

Penza Oblast (, "Penzenskaya oblast") is a administrative division of Russia.

Penza Oblast has over 3000 rivers; the overall length is 15,458 km. In the waters of the Oblast, there are about 50 species of fish.

The regional center of Penza was built in 1663 as a Russian fortress.

Penza Oblast is a part of the Volga economic region.

Population of this oblast: 1,386,186 (2010).

Ethnic composition (2010):




Legal liability

Legal liability is the legal a person has for their s. It includes the responsibility to another person for any harm or s caused to them. Legal liability includes lawful s required by civil actions or torts. It can also include s set by a contract, taxes, or fines given by government agencies.

To win a civil lawsuit the plaintiff must prove the defendant's legal liability. This requires proving the defendant failed to act in some way that caused harm to the plaintiff. To succeed the plaintiff must also show the connection of how a failure to act caused him or her injury or harm.

Alaska Purchase

Alaska was originally part of the Russian Empire. In 1867, the Russian Empire sold the territory to the United States. This is known as the Alaska Purchase.

Insular Celtic languages

Insular Celtic languages are the six Celtic languages that originated in the British Isles. All surviving Celtic languages are from the Insular Celtic group; the Continental Celtic languages (the other group) are now extinct. The six Insular Celtic languages of modern times can be divided into 2 groups:
By the 4th century BC most people in the British Isles spoke a Celtic language. When the Irish abbot and missionary Columba met the Pictish king Bruide they needed a translator. Columba spoke Q-Celtic while the Picts spoke P-Celtic.

Idiophone

An idiophone is a type of musical instrument that makes sound from the material of the instrument itself. They do not use reeds, strings or resonators. Most percussion instruments that are not drums are idiophones. Idiophones make their sound by , or . Drums are not idiophones. Neither are stringed instruments. Examples of idiophones include the triangle, wood block, maracas, bell, and gong.

Underwater Observatory Marine Park Eilat

Underwater Observatory Marine Park Eilat () is a park, conservation centre and aquarium in Eilat, Israel. It also has an underwater observatory in the Red Sea. It is located at the south of Eilat's Coral Beach Nature Reserve.


Phil Taylor (musician)

Phil "Philthy Animal" Taylor (21 September 1954 – 11 November 2015) was a English rock drummer in the British heavy metal band Motörhead from 1975–1984 and 1987-1992 recording ten studio albums and the live album "No Sleep 'til Hammersmith". The classic mark IV Motörhead line-up consisted of Lemmy, Philthy Animal Taylor and Fast Eddie Clarke.

Taylor died in London of liver failure on 11 November 2015 at the age of 61.





Down to Earth (Stevie Wonder album)

Down to Earth is the sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder, released on November 16, 1966 on the Tamla label. It was his second album to have been released in 1966, as "Up-Tight" had been released earlier on in the year.

Side One

Side Two


Klaus Roth

Klaus Friedrich Roth (29 October 1925 – 10 November 2015) was a German-British mathematician. He was known for his work on diophantine approximation, the large sieve, and irregularities of distribution. 

He was born in Breslau, Prussia. He studied at St Paul's School in London from 1939 to 1943 and then attended Cambridge University, graduating from Peterhouse, Cambridge in 1945. In 1946 he began research at University College London, under the supervision of Theodor Estermann.

He became a professor at University College London in 1961, and moved to a chair at Imperial College London in 1966, a position he held until official retirement in 1988. He then remained at Imperial College as Visiting Professor until 1996.

Roth died in Iverness, Scotland on 10 November 2015 at the age of 90.

David Atlas

David Atlas (May 25, 1924 – November 10, 2015) was an American meteorologist. He was one of the pioneers of radar meteorology. He worked for the US Air Force. He was professor at the University of Chicago and National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR), researcher at NASA and private consultant.

Atlas was born May 25, 1924, in Brooklyn, New York City, from Jewish parents who immigrated from Poland and Russia. He studied at the City College of New York. He retired in 1994.

Atlas died on November 10, 2015 from complications following a stroke at a nursing home in Newark, New Jersey at the age of 91.

Márton Fülöp

Márton Fülöp (3 May 1983 – 12 November 2015) was a Hungarian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He was born in Budapest.

After playing in Hungary for MTK Budapest FC, BKV Előre SC and BFC Siófok, he signed for English club Tottenham Hotspur, who loaned him to Chesterfield and Coventry, then to Sunderland with whom he permanently signed in 2007. 

Further loans to Leicester City, Stoke City and Manchester City ended with a transfer to Ipswich Town. He ended his career with spells at West Bromwich Albion and Greece's Asteras Tripoli. Fülöp also represented his country at under-21 and full international level, earning 24 senior caps from his debut in 2005. 

Fülöp died on 12 November 2015 in Budapest after a struggle with cancer, aged 32.

Gene Amdahl

Gene Myron Amdahl (November 16, 1922 – November 10, 2015) was an American computer architect and high-tech entrepreneur. He was known for his work on mainframe computers at IBM alongside Fred Brooks and Gerrit Blaauw and later his own companies, especially Amdahl Corporation. He formulated Amdahl's law, which states a fundamental limitation of parallel computing.

In 1998, he was made a Fellow of the Computer History Museum "for his fundamental work in computer architecture and design, project management, and leadership."

Amdahl died of pneumonia after suffering from Alzheimer's disease during the last years of his life in Palo Alto, California, aged 92.


Individual retirement account

An individual retirement account or IRA is a form of "individual retirement plan". It is simply a savings account with large tax advantages. An IRA is not itself an investment. It is where an investor keeps assets such as stocks, bonds and mutual funds. A 401(k) is set up by an employer, but an IRA may be started by an individual. Other IRAs may be opened by small business owners and those who are self-employed.

There are different types of IRAs: Traditional IRAs, Roth IRAs, SEP-IRAs and SIMPLE IRAs. They vary as to tax filing status. Also they have different rules and s. 

Internal Revenue Code Section 408 prohibits IRA investments in life insurance and in collectibles such as artwork, rugs, antiques, metals (there are exceptions for certain kinds of bullion), gems, stamps, coins, alcoholic beverages, and certain other tangible personal property.

A participant-directed account (also called a self-directed IRA) is an IRA which is provided by some financial institutions in the United States. It allows alternative investments for retirement savings. Some examples of such alternative investments are: real estate, private mortgages, private company stock, oil and gas limited partnerships, precious metals, horses, and intellectual property. There is a risk of fraud when investing in Self-Directed retirement accounts.


Savings account

Saving accounts are a type of deposit account kept by banks that pay interest. They let a person keep some of their money in the bank for immediate use. They also earn money through interest. Having a savings account in a bank allows a person to have money available for an emergency. Savings accounts may be opened at most banks, credit unions and trust companies.

The other major types of deposit account are the transactional account (usually known as a "checking" or "current" account), money market account and time deposit.

Wakeland High School

Justin Wakeland High School is a public high school that is in the city of Frisco, Texas, United States. It is a part of the Frisco Independent School District in the west center area of Collin County. It opened for the first time to students on August 14, 2006. 

Most sophomores and juniors came from Frisco High School because of the city and district's growth. Freshmen come from Griffin Middle School most of the time, and others come from Staley Middle School. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.

The school is named for Justin Wakeland, who was the superintendent of the Frisco ISD for 19 years from 1978 to 1997.

The school has a television show called "Win-TV. "It comes on every two weeks. It has many segments and interviews about events happening at Wakeland High School. "Wakeland Access", the school newspaper, has articles about events happening at the school.

A lot of sports are offered at Wakeland.

Defense in depth (computing)

Defense in Depth (also known as layered security and layered defense) is an information assurance (IA) concept. It uses multiple layers of security controls (defenses) placed throughout an information technology (IT) system. The multiple layers are not of the same security tool. It uses several different kinds of security with each protecting against a different security attack.

Defense in depth is originally a military strategy. It seeks to delay rather than prevent the advance of an attacker by yielding space to buy time. The National Security Agency (NSA) changed the concept to be a approach to information and electronic security.

The placement of protection mechanisms, procedures and policies is intended to increase the dependability of an IT system. Multiple layers of defense can prevent espionage. They also prevent direct attacks against critical systems. In terms of computer network defense, defense in depth measures should not only prevent security breaches but also buy an organization time to detect and respond to an attack.

Defense in depth has long been explained by using the onion as an example of the various layers of security. The outer layer contains the firewall. Middle layers contain various controls. The data is in the center protected by the other defenses.

A newer concept is the kill chain. Borrowed from the military it is a method of detecting and breaking an opponent's kill chain. Lockheed Martin adapted this concept to information security, using it as a method for modeling intrusions on a computer network. 

Using more than one of the following layers constitutes defense in depth.



Talleres de Córdoba

Club Atlético Talleres is a sports club club that plays in Argentina's second division. Talleres' main rival is Belgrano de Córdoba.

Talleres is the only team in Córdoba that has won an international competition. It was the Copa Conmebol in 1999.





La Jura

La Jura is an Italian opera in five acts, with music and libretto by Gavino Gabriel. It was first performed in Cagliari, in 1928. On April 8, 1958 it was performed in Naples.


Frankee

Nicole Francine Aiello (born June 9, 1983) is an American R&B singer-songwriter and model known by her stage name, Frankee. She grew up with her parents, Matthew and Francine, and her two siblings, elder brother Matthew Jr. and younger sister Monique. Nicole was given the nickname "Frankee," which came from her middle name (and is also her grandfather's nickname). She is best known for her debut single "F.U.R.B. (Fuck You Right Back)" which is a answer back to fellow American R&B singer-songwriter Eamons debut single "Fuck It (I Don't Want You Back)".

"F.U.R.B. (Fuck You Right Back)" reached number one in the United Kingdom in May 2004, and Australia in June 2004. She then released her debut studio album later on that year.
She then left her label in 2006 and signed with Big Management She has also modelled for "FHM" and "Maxim" magazines.


Window envelope

The window envelope is an envelope with transparent plastic window in it so you can see what it is and who it's from. It was invented and patented by Americus Callahan in 1901. It was first called an "outlook envelope." Callahan planned to use very thin rice paper as the window, but now clear plastic is used.

The Good, the Bad, the Ugly (Frankee album)

The Good, the Bad, the Ugly is the debut studio album by American recording artist Frankee, released in 2004. Her debut single "F.U.R.B." is an answer song to Eamon's "Fuck It (I Don't Want You Back)". To date it is the only album released by Frankee.


Zurab Tsereteli

Zurab Konstantines dze Tsereteli (, ; born January 4, 1934) is a Georgian-Russian painter, sculptor and architect. He holds the office of President of the Russian Academy of Arts.


Jihadi John

Muhammad Emwazi (born Muhammad Jassim Abdulkarim Olayan al-Dhafiri, 17 August 1988 – 12 November 2015) was a Kuwaiti-born British Arab terrorist. He moved to London in 1994. He was thought to be the person seen in several videos produced by the militant group ISIL. The videos showed the beheadings of captives in 2014 and 2015. A group of his hostages nicknamed him "Jihadi John" since he was part of a four-person terrorist cell with British accents whom they called "The Beatles".

On the night of 12 November 2015, US officials reported that Emwazi had been hit by a drone strike in Al-Raqqah, Syria. The following day, UK officials stated a “high degree of certainty” that Emwazi was killed. He was declared dead later that day.

Sheridan, Indiana

Sheridan is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 3,106.

November 2015 Paris attacks

On 13–14 November 2015, a mass shooting and suicide bombing happened in Paris and Stade de France at Saint-Denis, Seine-Saint-Denis, France at the Bataclan concert venue, and at other sites. 130 people were killed. Because of this, French President François Hollande announced a national state of emergency. In his speech of 14 November, Hollande said that 128 people were killed and another 128 were gravely injured.

In total, over 350 people were injured during the attacks, about 100 of them are gravely injured. One of the attacks was at the Paris stadium, one of the others was at a theatre. The others six were at well known places in the city. At least seven people were involved in the attacks: seven were suicide bombers, one was shot by police.

The next day, November 14, ISIS claimed responsibility of the attacks. The leader of the attacks was Belgian terrorist Abdelhamid Abaaoud. He was killed in a police raid on 18 November.

France had been on high alert for terrorist threats since the "Charlie Hebdo" shooting in early January 2015 and other related incidents during the January 2015 Île-de-France attacks. France had also increased security in anticipation of the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, scheduled to be held in Paris from 30 November to 11 December 2015, and had restored border checks the week before the attacks.

The "Charlie Hebdo" shooting in January 2015 occurred in the 11th arrondissement of the city, where the Bataclan theatre is situated. Other attacks in France also took place, such as the stabbing of 3 military men in Nice who were guarding a Jewish community center, the Saint-Quentin Fallavier attack and the 2015 Thalys train attack.

Islamic State and their branches have claimed responsibility for numerous deadly attacks within the weeks leading up to the attacks. On 12 November 2015, twin suicide bombings took place in Beirut, Lebanon, killing 43 people. On 31 October 2015, Metrojet Flight 9268, carrying mostly Russian passengers crashed in the Sinai in Egypt, killing 224 people. Islamic State's Sinai branch claimed responsibility.

Also, during the day of the attacks, ISIL's lead executioner Jihadi John was reported to have been killed by a U.S. drone strike and had lost the Battle of Sinjar to Kurdish forces.

Seven distinct attacks took place, comprising six shootings and three explosions. The explosions occurred near the Stade de France, while shootings were reported in the vicinity of Rue Alibert, Rue de la Fontaine-au-Roi, Rue de Charonne, the Bataclan theatre in Boulevard Voltaire, Avenue de la République, and the Boulevard Beaumarchais.

It is likely that three teams carried out the coordinated series of attacks.

The Islamic State officially claimed responsibility for the attacks on the morning of 14 November, praising their "eight brothers" led by Abdelhamid Abaaoud on the death of "at least 200 'crusaders'" and claiming that "this was only the beginning of the storm."

The people who committed the crime were:

The exact number of attackers is currently unclear; certain media speak of seven, others of eight attackers. Police think there might be 3-5 attackers who survived, and are on the run. About ten people were taken in police custody in Brussels, as they might have connections to the attacks. The ringleader of the attack, Abdelhamid Abaaoud, was killed in a police raid in France on 18 November.

President François Hollande issued a statement asking the French people to remain strong in the face of such incidents. Hollande also visited the Bataclan theatre and vowed to "mercilessly" fight against terrorism. Hollande also chaired an emergency meeting of the French Cabinet that night, and organized his national security council to meet the next morning. The authorities urged the residents of Paris to stay indoors for their own safety. Hollande also cancelled his trip to the 2015 G-20 Antalya summit because of the attacks, instead sending Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius and Finance Minister Michel Sapin as his representatives.

On 14 November, President Hollande announced three national days of mourning. Later that day, some of the names of the dead were released:

Pope Francis has condemned the attacks. He said that violence would not solve problems, and that the attacks could not be justified from a religious or humanitarian point of view. Representatives of Islam in France have also condemned the attacks, as did those of the Jewish community. Iranian president Hassan Rouhani cancelled his trip to France, and called the attacks a crime against humanity.

There are reports of isolated acts against Muslim institutions: Red crosses were found on a mosque in Créteil, near Paris, the day after the attacks. A man of North African descent was attacked during a series of demonstrations of a right-wing group against illegal immigration.


Maithili language

Maithili (; ; "Maithilī") is an Indo-Aryan language. It is spoken in Nepal and northern India. It is spoken by 34.7 million people. Of those, 2.8 million are Nepalese people. It is the second largest national language of Nepal. In ancient times, Maithili language was written in Mithilakshar. Now it is written in Devanagari script.

Raute language

Raute is a minor Tibeto-Burman language. It is spoken in Dadeldhura District, Mahakali Zone, Nepal. Half of its speakers are nomadic.

Roland Dumas

Roland Dumas (born 23 August 1922) is a French lawyer and Socialist politician. He served as the Foreign Minister under President François Mitterrand from 1984 to 1986 and from 1988 to 1993. He was also President of the Constitutional Council from 1995 to 2000. He was born in Limoges, Haute-Vienne.

Dumas turned 100 in August 2022.

Warren Mitchell

Warren Mitchell (born Warren Misell; 14 January 1926 – 14 November 2015) was a British actor. He was a BAFTA TV Award winner and twice an Olivier Award winner. He was known for his role as Alf Garnett in the BBC television sitcom "Till Death Us Do Part" (1965–75).

Mitchell died, in the early hours of 14 November 2015, after long period of illness, aged 89. 
He is survived by his wife Connie and their three children: Rebecca, Daniel (also an actor) and Anna (also known as Georgia Mitchell).


Eagles of Death Metal

Eagles of Death Metal is an American rock band from Palm Desert, California.

The band released their debut studio album, "Peace, Love, Death Metal" on March 23, 2004 through AntAcidAudio. The song "I Only Want You" was featured in the 2004 racing game "Gran Turismo 4", the television series "Queer as Folk", an advertisement for Windows 8, and was a downloadable song for the "Rock Band" series.

Their second studio album "Death by Sexy" was released on April 11, 2006 in the United States and on July 3, 2006 in Europe through Downtown Records and Columbia Records. In the fall of 2006, they shared an opening support slot with Guns N' Roses, but it only lasted one show. Axl Rose of Guns N' Roses called the band "Pigeons of Shit Metal" from the stage that night and Eagles of Death Metal used the phrase on a T-shirt. 

The band performed a live concert for the launch of the 2008 video game at the Hollywood & Highland Virgin Megastore in Los Angeles. The band's third studio album "Heart On" was released on October 28, 2008.

Their fourth studio album "Zipper Down" was released on October 2, 2015. The album's first single "Complexity" was made available to stream on Pitchfork Media's website.

On November 13, 2015, the band performed a concert for a sell-out crowd of 1,500 people at Le Bataclan theatre in Paris. During the concert, four gunmen with AK-47 assault rifles entered the theatre. They opened fire and threw explosives into the crowd. The attack lasted about 20 minutes. They killed 87 people in the theatre. Four of the attackers died, three of them by blowing up their suicide vests. The fourth killed by police gunfire, and his vest blew up when he fell. Lead singer Jesse Hughes was able to escape the attack through the backstage and the rest of the band survived.


Wildflower

A Wildflower is a flower that grows in the wild. Wildflowers aren't naturally planted by nature or by humans, but grow in the wild. Wildflowers are native and exotic species. Some species of wildflowers are endangered.

Schnauzer

A schnauzer is a type of dog breed that originated in Germany in about the 14th century. The Standard Schnauzer is the oldest of the three Schnauzer varieties: Miniature, Standard, and Giant. All three varieties have the distinctive whiskers, mustache and eyebrows, which is where they take their name from as in German schnauzer means moustache. 

The Standard Schnauzer is the prototype from which the other two were bred. From the middle ages on they guarded the livestock and family members. They are descended from European herding and guard dogs. As a distinctive breed, they appear in pictures of the 14th and 15th centuries. As far as can be determined they were bred from the Gray Wolf Spitz, the German poodle (pudel) and the Wirehaired Pinscher. About the middle of the 19th century German dog enthusiasts took an interest in the Schnauzer. Dog breeders experimented by crossing them with other breeds. First the Miniature Schnauzer was developed, then the Giant Schnauzer.





Chelsea, London

Chelsea is a well-known area in London. It was a borough, but now it is in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea.

It is an area where the property values are very high, and the shops and facilities cater to wealthy people. It is the home of Sloane Square, the King's Road and Chelsea F.C. It was the centre of Swinging London in the 1960s, and is still a centre of the fashion trade. Sloane Street is one of London's premier shopping destinations, with high-end fashion or jewellery boutiques such as Cartier, Tiffany & Co., Dolce & Gabbana, Prada, Gucci, Harrods, Dior, Louis Vuitton, Jimmy Choo, Giorgio Armani, Yves Saint Laurent, Chanel, Valentino, Bvlgari, Gianni Versace and Graff.

Harrods

Harrods is an upmarket department store on Brompton Road in Knightsbridge in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, London. The Harrods brand also applies to Harrods enterprises, including Harrods Bank, Harrods Estates, Harrods Aviation and Air Harrods.

The store has a site. It has 330 departments covering one million square feet () of retail space. It is said to be the biggest department store in Europe.

Harrods was founded by Charles Henry Harrod in 1834. In the 20th century they bought other stores in the UK. In 1959, the British department store holding company, House of Fraser, bought Harrods. Later, in 1985, the Egyptian Mohamed Al-Fayed bought Harrods. In 2010, the store was sold to Qatar Investment Authority (QIA). This company invests the wealth of the Qatar royal family. Harrods is also known for their annual Christmas bears which are very popular. 

Odo, Earl of Kent

Odo, Earl of Kent (ca 1030 – 1097) and Bishop of Bayeux, was the half-brother of William the Conqueror. For a time he was second in power after William became King of England.

Odo was born about 1030. He was the son of William the Conqueror's mother Herleva and Herluin de Conteville. Count Robert of Mortain was his younger brother. 

Although he was an ordained Christian cleric, he is best known as a warrior and greedy nobleman. He provided 100 ships for his brother's invasion of England. Odo is one of the very few proven companions of William the Conqueror, known to have fought at the Battle of Hastings in 1066. He probably commissioned the Bayeux Tapestry. In 1067, Odo became the Earl of Kent. For several years he was a trusted royal minister. On some occasions when William was absent (back in Normandy), he served as the "de facto" regent of England. At times he led the royal forces against rebellions. There are also other occasions when he accompanied William back to Normandy. During this time Odo acquired vast estates in England. He held land in twenty-three counties, mainly in the southeast and in East Anglia.

As the Earl of Kent he became infamous for being greedy, ruthless and a tyrant. Odo obtained a large fortune in land and gold by plundering the landowners of Kent. One chronicler, Thomas of Marlborough, called him a "ravening wolf". Orderic Vitalis, writing nearly a century after Odo's death, he showed him to be a very complex man. On the one hand Odo had great . He was the perfect example of Norman oppression on a conquered England. Yet he was deeply religious and contributed to the al growth of England. Orderic wrote of him:
In 1076 Odo was placed on trial. He was accused of defrauding the Crown and the Diocese of Canterbury. At the conclusion of the trial he was forced to return a number of properties he had taken. Most of his wealth was redistributed.

In 1082, he was suddenly d and put in prison. This time it was for having planned a military expedition to Italy. He wanted to crown himself the Pope. His brother, the king, disapproved of the plan and put a stop to it. Odo spent the next five years in prison in Rouen. His English estates were taken back by the king, as was his office as Earl of Kent. He was allowed to remain the Bishop of Bayeux, however. Odo was released from prison after William died. In 1096 Odo set off on the First Crusade with his nephew, Robert Curthose. He died in Palermo while wintering there in early 1097. He was buried in the Cathedral there.

Cortisone

Cortisone is a 21-carbon steroid hormone. Its chemical name is 17-hydroxy-11-dehydrocorticosterone. It is one of the main hormones released by the adrenal gland in response to stress. 

In chemical structure, it is closely related to cortisol. It is used to treat a variety of ailments and can be administered in various ways. Cortisone suppresses the immune system. This reduces inflammation, pain and swelling at the site of the injury. Long-term use of cortisone has risks.

Tadeus Reichstein, E.C. Kendall and P.S. Hench were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1950 for their discovery of cortisone.

Seux

Seux is a French commune in Picardy. In 2012, 167 people lived there. The commune is stuated on a plateau, about from Amiens. It is known for its church, Saint Fiacre, which was built in the 18th century. Robert de Louvencourt (1880-1952), which was in the French legion d'honneur, was born in Seux.

Scottish Terrier

The Scottish Terrier is one of the five breeds of terrier that originated in Scotland. It is also known as Aberdeen Terrier. The other four breeds of terrier from Scotland are Skye, Cairn, Dandie Dinmont, and West Highland White Terrier. Originally scottish terriers were used for hunting, but because of their small size, they are often kept as pets. 

Eicosanoid

Eicosanoids (or icosanoids) are hormones made of lipids. They are signaling molecules made by the oxidation of 20-carbon fatty acids.

They have control over many bodily systems. They influence growth during and after physical activity, inflammation or immunity after the intake of toxic compounds and pathogens. They are also messengers in the central nervous system.

The networks of controls that depend upon eicosanoids are among the most complex in the human body.

Vincent Margera

Vincent Roy Margera (July 3, 1956 – November 15, 2015), more commonly known as Don Vito, was an American reality television personality. He was known for his appearances in "Viva La Bam", "Jackass", "" and the "CKY videos" alongside his nephew Bam. 

His career was ended with his conviction for child sexual abuse in 2006. He was found groping two 12-year-old girls at an autograph signing and was subsequently held with bail set at $50,000. On October 31, he was found guilty of two counts of sexual assault on a minor and acquitted on one count. On November 1, 2007, he was put on suicide watch. He was held at the Jefferson County Detention Facility until his sentencing on December 20, 2007. He faced between two years to life in prison. He was sentenced to 10 years probation.

Margera died on November 15, 2015, from kidney and liver failure in West Chester, Pennsylvania at the age of 59.

Moira Orfei

Moira Orfei (; 21 December 1931 – 15 November 2015), a.k.a. Miranda Orfei, was a popular Italian actress and television personality. Moira was considered the queen of the Italian circus. She was also an actress who was known for her role as Giorgia Casellato in "The Birds, the Bees and the Italians".

On 4 August 2006 Moira Orfei had an Ischemic stroke during a show in Gioiosa Ionica. She was still under medical care when she died on 15 November 2015 in Brescia, Italy from complications of the stroke, aged 83.


Gastone Moschin

Gastone Moschin (8 June 1929 – 4 September 2017) was an Italian actor. He was born in San Giovanni Lupatoto (Veneto).

Moschin began his career in the 1950s as theatre actor. He starred with Barbara Bouchet in "Milano Calibro 9" in 1972. His most famous role is that of Rambaldo Melandri in the "Amici miei" series (1975–1985). He also had a part in Francis Ford Coppola's "The Godfather Part II", as Don Fanucci.

Moschin died of kidney failure on 4 September 2017 at his home in Terni, Italy at the age of 88.

Marco Vicario

Marco Vicario (born 20 September 1925) is an Italian movie actor, screenwriter, movie producer and director. He appeared in 23 movies between 1950 and 1958. He is known for his roles in "7 uomini d'oro" (1965), "Il grande colpo dei 7 uomini d'oro" (1966) and "Wifemistress" (1977). 


Berugo Carámbula

Heber Hugo Carámbula, (31 October 1945 – 14 November 2015), also known under the stage name of Berugo Carámbula, was a Uruguayan actor, comedian and TV host. He was born in Las Piedras in 1945. He was known for his role in the Argentine telenovela "Son Amores" from which he starred in from 2002 through 2003.

Carámbula died in Montevideo, Uruguay from complications of Parkinson's disease at the age of 70.


Bernard King

Bernard King (born December 4, 1956) is an American retired basketball player. He played 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA).

King was picked in the 1st round of the 1977 NBA Draft. He played with the New Jersey Nets, Utah Jazz, Golden State Warriors, New York Knicks and the Washington Bullets.

He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on September 8, 2013.

A Division (New York City Subway)

The A Division, also known as the IRT Division, is a division of the New York City Subway, consisting of the lines operated with services designated by numbers (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7) and the 42nd Street Shuttle. These lines and services were operated by the Interborough Rapid Transit Company before the 1940 city takeover. A Division cars are narrower, shorter, and lighter than those of the B Division, measuring .

The following lines are part of the A Division (services shown in parentheses; lines with colors next to them are trunk lines):


Numbers were assigned to subway services in 1948:

The 42nd Street Shuttle and Bowling Green–South Ferry Shuttle also provided subway services, and elevated service remained on the Third Avenue Line and Polo Grounds Shuttle.


Hello (Adele song)

"Hello" is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Adele. It is from her third studio album, "25". It was released on 23 October 2015. The song was Adele's first since the Bond theme "Skyfall" in 2012. The song reached number one in several countries, including the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, and the United States. In the US, it first appeared at the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming Adele's fourth chart-topper there and spending ten weeks on top of the chart. It sold over 1,112,000 copies in its first week. This is the most copies of a song sold in a single week in the U.S. since the release of Elton John's "Candle in the Wind 1997". "Hello" was certified 4× Platinum in the U.S. faster than any other song in history. On September 20, 2016, the Recording Industry Association of America certified the song 7× Platinum for sales and streams equal to 7 million copies in the United States.

The song finished at number 35 on the Year-End "Billboard" Hot 100 of 2015 and at #7 on the 2016 chart. Similarly, the song ranked at number 25 on the Canadian 2015 year-end chart and at number 9 at the end of 2016.

"Hello" won three awards at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards in 2017: Song of the Year, Record of the Year, and Best Pop Solo Performance.

The song was first featured in a 30-second TV commercial for "The X Factor" in the UK. She has stated that the lyrics of the song can be applied to anyone with whom one has a history — romantically or otherwise. In an interview with "i-D", she explains:
The music video was shot in Canada. It was shot in sepia. It shows Adele having a conversation on a flip phone when she suddenly loses reception. Her feelings towards a man are throughout the video. It broke the Vevo record for most views in a single day, with over 27.7 million views. This record was later broken in 2017 with Taylor Swift's music video for "Look What You Made Me Do". In January 2016, the music video for the song reached over one billion views on YouTube. It did this in less time (88 days) than other videos. That was faster than the music video for Psy's 2012 single "Gangnam Style".

Adele performed "Hello" live for the first time for a BBC one-hour-long special, "Adele at the BBC", which was recorded on 2 November and was broadcast on BBC One on 20 November. She also performed the song at the 17th NRJ Music Awards on 7 November 2015, at Radio City Music Hall in New York on 17 November 2015 as her opening number (Adele Live In New York City), and on "Saturday Night Live" on 21 November 2015. On 23 November 2015, after appearing on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon", Adele recorded the song with Fallon and his house band The Roots, playing classroom instruments. The version was broadcast on the show the following night. In December 2015, Adele performed "Hello" on the live final episode of "The X Factor" at Wembley Arena.

2017 — 59th Annual Grammy Awards



Source:

Black garlic

Black garlic is a type of food which is made by heating whole bulbs of garlic over the course of several weeks. It was first used as a food ingredient in Asian cuisine. The taste is sweet and syrupy with hints of balsamic vinegar or tamarind. 
Black garlic's popularity has spread to the United States because it has become a sought-after ingredient used in high-end cuisine. The ornamental plant "Allium nigrum" is commonly called black garlic.

Wikimapia

Wikimapia is a geographic online encyclopedia project. It utilizes an interactive "clickable" web map with a geographically-referenced wiki-based system. Its aim is to mark and describe all geographical objects in the world. Wikimapia was created by Alexandre Koriakine and Evgeniy Saveliev on May 2006.


Orbital resonance

Orbital resonance is a resonance of two orbiting bodies exerting a regular, periodic gravitational effect on each other. Their orbital periods may be related by a ratio of two small integers. It is caused by the changing gravitational forces of bodies which go round each other. The stability of the Solar System was first investigated by Laplace, and there is still much that is not known about it.

As a satellite goes round a planet or two stars go round each other, the gravitational forces can change, sometimes hugely. This is partly because orbits are usually ellipses, not circular, and so the forces change accordingly. Also, the planets and stars are usually not spherical. They spin, and vary in their degree of oblateness. This also changes the forces on an orbiting body.

In particular, the forces may be unstable, so the smaller partner may change until the forces are stable (do not change with time). Satellites often end up with one face towards their planet, because that is the most stable position (tidal locking).

There are other stability effects. Gaps in Saturn's rings are caused by the particles shifting into more stable positions. In the rings of Saturn, the Cassini Division is a gap between the inner B Ring and the outer A Ring. It was cleared by a 2:1 resonance with the moon Mimas. Jupiter makes similar Kirkwood gaps in the asteroid belt.

There is a stability ratio for Neptune and Pluto: the 2:3 ratio means Pluto completes two orbits in the time it takes Neptune to complete three.

The area of mechanics which is used for these studies is called celestial mechanics.

Agoura Hills, California

Agoura Hills, California is a city of Los Angeles County, California.

New Zealand national rugby union team

The New Zealand national men's rugby union team, officially nicknamed the All Blacks, represents New Zealand in men's rugby union. This is regarded as the country's national sport. 

The All Blacks are the holders of the Rugby World Cup, since 2011. They are the 2014 World Rugby Team of the Year. They have won over 76% of their test matches and are the leading test match points scorers of all time. Their win ratio puts them amongst the most successful teams of any sport in history. They are the only international side with a winning record against every country they have played. Since their international debut in 1903 only five nations have defeated New Zealand in test matches. 

Since the introduction of the World Rugby Rankings in October 2003, New Zealand has held the number one ranking longer than all other teams combined. 

The All Blacks are also the first team to set their hands on the Webb Ellis Cup. They are the first team to successfully defend the Rugby World Cup. They were the first team to win back to back Rugby World Cups and the first team to win the cup on 3 separate occasions.
New Zealand competes with Argentina, Australia and South Africa in The Rugby Championship. The All Blacks have won the trophy thirteen times in the competition's nineteen-year history. They also hold the Bledisloe Cup, which is contested annually with Australia. They hold the Freedom Cup, contested annually with South Africa. New Zealand has achieved a Grand Slam (defeating England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales in one tour) four times1978, 2005, 2008 and 2010.
They have also been named the "World Rugby Team of the Year" seven times since 2005. Four members have won the "World Rugby Player of the Year" awardcurrent captain , Dan Carter, and . Fifteen former All Blacks have been inducted into the International Rugby Hall of Fame. Four of these are also inductees of the World Rugby Hall of Fame.
The team's first match was in 1884. Their first international match was in 1903 against Australia in Sydney. The following year they hosted their first ever home Test, a match against a British Isles side in Wellington. This was followed by a tour of Europe and North America in 1905 where the team suffered their first test defeatto Wales in Cardiff.

Eamon (singer)

Eamon Doyle (born September 19, 1983), professionally known as Eamon, is an American R&B singer-songwriter and harmonicist. He is known for his hit single, "Fuck It (I Don't Want You Back)".

Eamon was born Eamon Jonathan Doyle in Staten Island, New York City. His mother Diane was a nurse and his father Walter Doyle was a counselor.

He began singing at age nine and started to perform and tour with his father's group a R&B group called "The Elations". When he was 15 he began to work with songwriter and producer, Milk Dee, who had worked with many hip hop and R&B artists such as MC Lyte, Janet Jackson and Mary J. Blige.

After Eamon had released his debut single "Fuck It (I Don't Want You Back)", a female R&B singer from Staten Island called Frankee released her debut single which was an answer back to "Fuck It (I Don't Want You Back)". She claimed that they were in a relationship. Eamon claimed in an interview that they were not in relationship and that he didn't know who she was. He was only involved with her song because it sampled his. Eamon was asked for the licensing permission which made him one of her song's songwriters.


Derogation

Derogation (Latin "derogatio") is the relaxation or exemption from of a rule of law. This is as opposed to a repeal or ending of a law. The term is used in both civil law and common law. It is sometimes used, loosely, to mean abrogation. For example in the legal maxim: "Lex posterior derogat priori" which means a more recent law may overrule an earlier law. Derogation is different from dispensation (an to a law) in that it applies to the law. A dispensation applies to specific people who are affected by the law.

In terms of European Union legislation, a derogation can also imply that a member state delays putting into effect a part of an European Union regulation (etc.) into their own legal system. This can be for a period of time such as five years. Or that a member state has decided not to enforce a specific provision in a treaty due to internal circumstances (typically a state of emergency).



Repeal

A repeal is the or of a law. There are two basic types of repeal. A repeal with re- (or ) of the repealed law, or a repeal without replacement. The move to , repeal, or is used in parliamentary procedure to cancel or an action or order previously adopted by the assembly. Removal of secondary legislation is normally referred to as rather than repeal in the United Kingdom and Ireland. Under the common law of England and Wales, the effect of repealing a statute was "to it completely from the records of Parliament as though it had never been passed." This, however, is now subject to savings provisions within the Interpretation Act 1978.

A partial repeal occurs when a specified part or of a previous act is repealed but other provisions remain in force. For example, the Acts of Union 1800, providing for the union between the formerly separate kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland as the United Kingdom, was partially repealed in 1922. This was when (as a consequence of the 1921 Anglo-Irish Treaty), twenty-six of the thirty-two counties of Ireland were constituted as the Irish Free State, and ceased to be part of the United Kingdom.

A full repeal occurs where the entire Act in question is repealed.

A typical situation where an Act is repealed and re-enacted is where the law in the area is being updated but the law being repealed needs to be replaced with one suitable for the modern era. Re-enactment can be with or without amendment. However, repeal and re-enactment without amendment normally occurs only in the context of a Consolidation Bill (a bill to consolidate the law in a particular area).

For example the repeal of the Poor Laws in England in 1948 reflected their replacement by modern social welfare legislation.

A repeal without replacement is generally done when a law is no longer effective, or it is shown that a law is having far more negative consequences than were originally envisioned. Many repeals without replacement are the result of significant changes in society. Major examples include:

Rudy Markussen

Rudy Markussen (born July 24, 1977 in Copenhagen) is a retired Danish professional boxer. 

His nickname is "The Hard Hitter". On November 16, 2002 Markussen was the number 1 challenger for the IBF Super Middleweight World title. He lost to Sven Ottke. On October 24, 2003 he won the WBO title against American James Crawford. Then on July 24, 2004 he won the EBU (European) Super Middleweight title. He beat Danilo Häussler by a 12 round unanimous decision.

In 2006 Markussen was in a car accident. He was unable to box for several years. Markussen made a comeback in 2010 and had 6 fights in the years 2010-2012. His last fight was December 12, 2015 against fellow Dane Patrick Nielsen.

Cumberland, Indiana

Cumberland is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,954.

Willie Mays

Willie Howard Mays Jr. (born May 6, 1931), nicknamed "The Say Hey Kid" is a retired American Major League Baseball (MLB) center fielder. He spent almost all of his 22 season career playing for the New York and San Francisco Giants before finishing with the New York Mets. His career began in 1951 and he retired in 1973.

Mays was born in Westfield, Alabama, near Bessemer, Alabama.


Sharnbrook Upper School

Sharnbrook Upper School is an affiliated school in Bedford, Bedfordshire, England. It is in the village of Sharnbrook. It has about 2,500 students. The students range in age from 13 to 18 years of age. The school is very popular and has a waiting list for students. Some parents move into the Sharnbrook area to guarantee their children will get a place at the school. In 2015, 99% of Sharnbrook students passed their level 3 exams. The school is rated in the top 10% of schools in England "for student progress and attainment".

<br>

Jean Pierre Flourens

Marie Jean Pierre Flourens (13 April 1794 – 6 December 1867) proved that the effects of "the mind" were caused by the brain, not the heart.

He was a French physiologist, the founder of experimental brain science and a pioneer in anesthesia. He use brain surgery on animals, and studied their effects. His kind of surgery is called "ablative surgery": in most cases ablative brain surgery does not mean removing brain tissue, but rather destroying tissue and leaving it in place.

In 1825, Flourens pioneered the experimental method of ablating parts of the brain in living rabbits and pigeons. He carefully observed their effects. His intention was to find out whether different parts of the brain had different functions.

Flourens was able to show for the first time that the main parts of the brain were responsible for largely different functions. By removing the cerebral hemispheres, for instance, all perceptions, voluntary action, and judgment were abolished. The removal of the cerebellum affected the animal's equilibrium and motor coordination, while the destruction of the brainstem (medulla oblongata) caused death. These experiments led Flourens to conclude that:

Packaged terminal air conditioner

A packaged terminal air conditioner (PTAC) is a kind of self-contained heating and air conditioning system. It is commonly found in hotels, motels, senior housing facilities, hospitals, condominiums, apartment buildings, add-on rooms & sunrooms. Many PTACs are designed to be installed in a wall. They have vents and heat sinks both inside and outside. Different standard dimensions are found in the market including 42×16 inches, 36x15 inches, and 40x15 inches.

The older units usually use mechanical control with mechanical push buttons to select the mode of operation and fan speed control. Another rotary knob is used to set the desired temperature of the unit. This was the most cost-effective and simplest method of control in the past. The development and the reduction in the cost of electronic controls have enabled manufacturers to implement electronic control touchpad that comes with remote control. Some of the electronic controls that have been built into the system including a timer control where you will be able to set when to ON or OFF the unit, Mode control is operated by pushing the same button to select the mode of operation. Temperature setting is displayed by the use of 7 segment display and buttons used to change the settings. Energy-saving features such as sleep or economizer functions where the set temperature will be automatically adjusted according to the duration that has elapsed.

The first practical packaged terminal air conditioner was invented by engineers at Chrysler Motors.

Phoenix, Edison, New Jersey

Phoenix, Edison, New Jersey is a neighborhood of Edison, New Jersey.

Lincoln Park, New Brunswick, New Jersey

Lincoln Park, New Brunswick, New Jersey is a neighborhood of New Brunswick, New Jersey.

Primary and secondary legislation

In the parliamentary systems of government, primary legislation and secondary legislation are two forms of law. Primary legislation consists of Acts of Parliament or statute. Secondary legislation (also called delegated legislation) is the granting of additional law-making powers to another branch of government by an Act or statute. In the European Union, primary and secondary legislation are two of the three processes of law. The third is supplementary law which includes International law and covers any gaps between primary and secondary legislation.

In parliamentary systems, there are three branches of government—executive, legislative and judicial. When a parliament makes a law, called an , it is ing on the other two branches of government. Acts are made by a majority vote of the legislature. The exact process differs in different parliamentary systems. In a bicameral (two-chamber) system there is usually a lower house (such as the House of Commons in the UK) and an upper house (such as the House of Lords). A new law starts out as a bill, usually in the lower house. It must pass both houses before it can become an act. Other systems use a unicameral or one-chamber legislation. In either system, an act becomes the law. Judges and the courts have little authority to challenge the validity of a law.

In the United States, primary legislation is, at the federal level, an Act of Congress. A statute that s authority or responsibility to an agency is called an "authorizing statute." A law created by the executive branch of the United States Government or that of a state government as the result of primary legislation is called a regulatory law.

Secondary (also called subordinate) legislation is all other forms of legislation that are not Acts of Parliament. It is very similar to administrative law in the United States. The legislative branch of governments often delegates power to allow ministers to make secondary legislation. Secondary legislation also includes s, s and decisions by s or s. Most Acts of Parliament in the UK contain s to allow secondary legislation. 

The two types of secondary legislation are delegated legislation and prerogative legislation.

Statute

A statute is a written law passed by a state or federal legislature that creates a rule or . Statutes (also called legal codes) provide the authority for other laws. Many state and federal agencies, such as the IRS, EPA and state Secretaries of State may issue regulations for the areas of the law they cover. A statute usually commands something, prohibits something or declares something to be policy. When there is a dispute over the meaning of a statute, a state or federal court may issue a judgment that s the statute more clearly. When this happens it also becomes case law.

Before a statute becomes law in some countries, it must be agreed upon by the highest executive in the government. Then it is published as part of a legal code. In many countries, statutes are organized (or codified) for a particular jurisdiction. In many nations statutory law is distinguished from and is to constitutional law.

Androula Henriques

Androula Christofidou Henriques (born 1936) is an activist from Cyprus. In 2010 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Henriques started "Cyprus Stop Trafficking", a group to fight human trafficking. She became the president of the group. She also worked to get the government of Cyprus to stop human trafficking.

In 2008, Cyprus Stop Trafficking had a conference in Cyprus to help stop human trafficking. There were speakers from the United States and the European Union. There were also people from the National Police, the House of Representatives, the Attorney General's Office, the Turkish-Cypriot community, several NGOs, and many journalists.




Sonia Pierre

Solange Pierre or Sonia Pierre, (1963 – December 4, 2011), was a human rights activist in the Dominican Republic. She worked to end "antihaitianismo", which is discrimination against people of Haitian origin either born in Haiti or in the Dominican Republic. For this work, she won the 2006 Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award.

In 2010 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the United States Department of State.

Pierre was born in Villa Altagracia, San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic, in 1963. Her parents were from Haiti. Her mother came to the Dominican Republic in 1957 with a temporary work permit. Her father came to the Dominican territory illegally).

There were twelve children in Pierre's family The family lived in a migrant worker camp. The name of the camp is "batey". Many people from Haiti live here. Pierre's birth certificate said her name was Solain Pie. Pierre said that was a mistake by a government clerk."

On December 4, 2011, Pierre died at the age of 48. She had a heart attack on the way to the hospital in Villa Altagracia.

At the age of 14, Pierre started a protest by sugar cane workers. Pierre went to jail, but the protest received some attention. After the protest, the workers got better tools and more money. 

Pierre worked as director of the non-governmental organization Movement for Dominican Women of Haitian Descent (MUDHA). The goal of the group is to stop "antihaitianism", or discrimination against people from Haiti in the Dominican Republic.

In 2005, Pierre went to the Inter-American Court of Human Rights in the case of two ethnic Haitian children who did not receive Dominican birth certificates. The name of the case was "Yean and Bosico v. Dominican Republic". The court told the Dominican government to give birth certificates to the children. However, later, the Dominican Supreme Court later said the Haitian workers were 'in transit,' so their children could not be citizens. "







Jonah Lomu

Jonah Tali Lomu (12 May 1975 – 18 November 2015) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He had sixty-three caps as an All Black after debuting in 1994. He was thought to be as the first true global superstar of rugby union. He had a huge impact on the game. He was inducted into the International Rugby Hall of Fame on 9 October 2007, and the IRB Hall of Fame on 24 October 2011.

He played for several domestic teams, in the Super Rugby, NPC and later the Magners League competitions. These included the Auckland Blues, Chiefs and Hurricanes, and Counties Manukau, Wellington and later North Harbour and Cardiff Blues. He made a comeback after undergoing a kidney transplant in 2004.

Lomu died suddenly of kidney failure in Auckland, New Zealand, aged 40.


Saeed Jaffrey

Saeed Jaffrey, OBE (Punjabi: ਸਈਦ ਜਾਫ਼ਰੀ, Urdu: ; ; 8 January 1929 – 15 November 2015) was an Indian-born British actor. He appeared on radio, stage, television and movie. He was known for his roles in "The Man Who Would Be King", "Shatranj Ke Khilari", and in "My Beautiful Laundrette".

Jaffrey died at a hospital in London on 14 November 2015, having recently collapsed at his home and suffered a brain hemorrhage, aged 86.


Nando Gazzolo

Ferdinando "Nando" Gazzolo (16 October 1928 – 16 November 2015) was an Italian actor and voice actor. He was born in Savona, Italy. Gazzolo was known for his roles in "West and Soda" (1965), "He Who Shoots First" (1966) and "La ragione degli altri" (1965).

Gazzolo died in Nepi, Italy from complications of pneumonia at the age of 87.

Dora Doll

Dora Doll (19 May 1922 – 15 November 2015) was a French actress. She was born Dorothea Hermina Feinberg in Berlin. She was known for her roles in "Manon", "French Cancan" and in "Julia".

Doll died in Gard, France from complications of Alzheimer's disease, aged 93.


Metairie, Louisiana

Metairie is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Rocky Anderson

Ross Carl "Rocky" Anderson (born September 9, 1951) is an American attorney and politician. He served two terms as the 33rd mayor of Salt Lake City, Utah, from 2000 to 2008. He is the executive director of High Road for Human Rights. He ran for President of the United States in the 2012 U.S. presidential election.

Jake Garn

Edwin Jacob "Jake" Garn (born October 12, 1932) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He served as a U.S. Senator representing Utah from 1974 to 1993.

Garn became the first sitting member of the United States Congress to fly in space when he flew aboard the Space Shuttle Discovery as a Payload Specialist during NASA mission STS-51-D (April 12–19, 1985).


Bob Bennett (politician)

Robert Foster "Bob" Bennett (September 18, 1933 – May 4, 2016) was an American politician. He is the former United States Senator from Utah serving from January 3, 1993 through January 3, 2011. He was a member of the Republican Party. Bennett held chairmanships and senior positions on a number of key Senate committees, including the Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee, Appropriations Committee, Rules and Administration Committee, Energy and Natural Resources Committee, and Joint Economic Committee.

Bennett was a popular conservative senator for most of his tenure, earning high ratings from conservative activist groups such as the National Rifle Association of America, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and American Conservative Union. However, in 2010 Bennett became one of the most prominent targets of the Tea Party Movement, which criticized his support of George W. Bush.

Bennett died on May 4, 2016 at his home Arlington, Virginia after suffering from pancreatic cancer and a stroke. He was 82 years old.

Principia

This title has been used for more than one book:


Principia Mathematica

The Principia Mathematica is a three-volume work on the foundations of mathematics by Alfred North Whitehead and Bertrand Russell. It was published in 1910, 1912, and 1913. In 1927, it appeared in a second edition with an important "Introduction to the second edition", and different notes at the end. It is often known as "PM".

The book was an attempt to describe a set of axioms, inference rules and law of noncontradiction in symbolic logic from which all mathematical truths could in principle be proved. This ambitious project is of great importance in the history of mathematics and philosophy. The authors believed that such a project could be done. However, in 1931, Gödel's incompleteness theorem proved that "PM", and any other attempt, could never reach this goal. For any set of axioms and inference rules proposed, either the system must be inconsistent, or there must in fact be some truths of mathematics which could not be deduced from them.

One of the main inspirations and motivations for "PM" was the earlier work of Gottlob Frege on logic.

"PM" is not to be confused with Russell's 1903 "Principles of Mathematics". "PM" states: "The present work was originally intended by us to be ... a second volume of Principles of Mathematics... But as we advanced, it became increasingly evident that the subject is a very much larger one than we had supposed..."

The Modern Library placed it 23rd in a list of the top 100 English-language nonfiction books of the twentieth century.

Edison, New Jersey

Edison, New Jersey is a township in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. It is in the New York City metropolitan area. As of the 2020 United States Census, Edison had a total population of 107,588.

I Was Made to Love Her (album)

I Was Made to Love Her is the seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder. It was released on August 28th, 1967 under Tamla Records. Wonder also released another album in 1967, a Christmas album called "Someday at Christmas".

Side One

Side Two

Someday at Christmas

Someday at Christmas is a Christmas album and the eighth studio album by Stevie Wonder. It was released on November 27, 1967 under Tamla. It was his second album to be released in 1967. It followed "I Was Made to Love Her".


(Both first appeared on the CD collection, "Christmas in the City").


Eivets Rednow

Eivets Rednow is an instrumental and ninth album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder. It was released on the Gordy Records label in 1968. The title is Stevie Wonder spelt backwards. The album was his first album released in 1967 as he would release another album called "For Once in My Life" later on that year.


For Once in My Life (album)

For Once in My Life is the tenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder on Motown Records. It was released in December 1968, his second album that year.


My Cherie Amour (album)

My Cherie Amour is the eleventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder. It was released on the Tamla label on August 29, 1969. It was his only album to be released in 1969. The next two albums released in 1970 would be recorded live.

Side One

Side Two

Stevie Wonder Live

Stevie Wonder Live is a 1970 live album by Stevie Wonder on the Tamla label. It is Wonder's second live album. The album is an important point in his career to shows Wonder's from a performer to a genius singer-songwriter.


Live at the Talk of the Town

Live at the Talk of the Town is a 1970 live album by Stevie Wonder on the Tamla record label. It was recorded at the "Talk of the Town" nightclub in London. It was Wonder's third live album. It was the second to be released in 1970 following the "Stevie Wonder Live" album.


Court order

A court order (or order) is a formal written direction by a member of the judiciary. It directs a party to do something. It can also be an order not to do something, as in an injunction. 

An order can be as simple as setting a date for trial. They can also be involving many details. It may be a final order (one that concludes the court action), or an order (one during the action). Most orders are written, and are signed by the judge. Some orders, however, are spoken orally by the judge in open court, and are only reduced to writing in the transcript of the proceedings.

The following represents a small sampling of matters that are commonly dictated by the terms of a court order:

Party (law)

A party is a person or group of persons that make up a single for the purposes of the law. They are a participant in legal proceeding and have an interest in the outcome. Parties include: the plaintiff, the defendant, a petitioner or a respondent. They can also be a cross-complainant (a defendant who sues someone else in the same lawsuit) or a cross-defendant (a person sued by a cross-complainant). A person who only appears in the case as a witness is not considered a party.

Courts use various terms to identify the role of a particular party in civil litigation. They usually call the party that brings a lawsuit as the plaintiff, or, in older American cases, the "party of the first part". The party against whom the case was brought as the defendant, or, in older American cases, the "party of the second part".


Austin Powers (character)

Sir Augustine Danger "Austin" Powers, KBE, is a fictional character from the Austin Powers series of films. The character was created by Mike Myers. Mike Myers was also the actor who played the character in the films. He is the main character of "" (1997), "" (1999) and "Austin Powers in Goldmember" (2002). He is a British spy. He likes to go to parties and he represents the hippie culture of the 1960s. This is because he and his opponent Dr. Evil, were frozen during an experiment, and they stayed frozen for many years. The series' humor follows his attempts to adjust to the modern world as he continues to try to save it from terrorism.

Austin Powers was a character seen as a parody of James Bond. The character was also influenced by Harry Palmer and characters played by Peter Sellers.

The band Ming Tea was formed by Myers, Matthew Sweet and Susanna Hoffs during the 1990s. The band acted like a British band of the 1960s. The band members all performed under pseudonyms (fake names) with 1960s personas. Myers adopted the pseudonym and character of Austin Powers. This group made a number of live club and television performances in character. Myers' wife at the time, Robin Ruzan, encouraged him to write a film based on Austin Powers.

Obituaries of Simon Dee (1935–2009), the radio and television presenter, claimed that the character of Austin Powers was inspired by Dee's "Sixties grooviness". Mike Myers has stated that the "Austin Powers" character was based on his own father.

Video Games: Austin Powers, Austin Powers Pinball, Austin Powers: Welcome to my Underground Lair, Austin Powers: Oh Behave!, and Austin Powers: Operation Trivia.



In 2010, Austin Powers was voted #23 in "Entertainment Weekly"'s list "The 100 greatest characters of the last 20 years."

Michael C. Gross

Michael C. Gross (October 4, 1945 – November 16, 2015) was an American artist, designer, and movie producer. From 1970 to 1974 he art-directed "National Lampoon" magazine, and subsequently co-ran a design company. 

In 1980 he started working in Hollywood. He is perhaps best remembered for designing the logo for the movie "Ghostbusters", which was one of 11 movies on which he served as producer or executive producer.

Gross died on November 16, 2015 in Oceanside, California from cancer at the age of 70.


Rahim Moeini Kermanshahi

Rahim Moeini Kermanshahi (, February 6, 1926 – November 17, 2015) was an Iranian poet and lyricist. He was one of the pioneering songwriters in the history of Persian traditional music. He was born in Kermanshah, Iran. During his 60 years dedication to Persian literature and poetry he published over 20 books and wrote the lyrics of about 500 songs.

Kermanshahi died at the age of 89 at a hospital in Tehran, Iran

David Padilla

David Padilla Arancibia (August 13, 1927 – September 25, 2016) was a Bolivian politician and military general. He was the former de facto president of Bolivia. He ruled his country from November 1978 to August 1979.

Padilla died in La Paz on 25 September 2016, at the age of 89. 

Walter Buser

Walter Buser (14 April 1926 – 17 August 2019) was a Swiss politician from the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland (SDP). He was born in Lausen, Switzerland. He defeated his opponents and became the first Social Democratic Chancellor of Switzerland serving from 1981 until his resignation in 1991.

Buser died on 17 August 2019 at the age of 93.


Aaron Shikler

Aaron Abraham Shikler (March 18, 1922 – November 12, 2015) was an American artist. He was known for his portraits of American statesmen and celebrities like Jane Engelhard and Sister Parish. He was mainly known for painting the official White House portraits of John F. Kennedy and Nancy Reagan. Shikler was born in Brooklyn, New York City.

Shikler died in Manhattan, New York City from renal failure, aged 93.


Bert Olmstead

Murray Albert Olmstead (September 4, 1926 – November 16, 2015) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He played for the Montreal Canadiens, Chicago Black Hawks and Toronto Maple Leafs in the National Hockey League (NHL). 

Olmstead was born in a small town called Sceptre in Saskatchewan on September 4, 1926. in 1944, when he was 18, he moved to Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, to play junior hockey.

Olmstead began his career with the Black Hawks in 1949. In December 1950, he was traded to the Montreal Canadiens via Detroit. Olmstead had his best statistical years playing for Montreal, leading the league in assists in 1954–55 with 48, and setting a league record for assists with 56 the following season. Olmstead was claimed in an Intra-League Draft by Toronto Maple Leafs in 1958, and played there until his retirement in 1962. 

In the 1967–68 season, Olmstead served as coach of the expansion Oakland Seals. Olmstead played in the Stanley Cup final in 11 of his 14 seasons in the NHL, winning it five times. He won it four times with Montreal, in 1953, and from 1956 to 1958, and once with Toronto, in 1962, which was his last season. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1985.

Olmstead died at his home in High River, Alberta on November 16, 2015, due to complications after suffering a stroke. aged 89.

Sason

Sason ( "Sasun"; from ; formerly known as Sasun or Sassoun) is a district in the Batman Province of Turkey. It was formerly part of the sanjak of Siirt, which was in Diyarbakır vilayet until 1880. It was in Bitlis Vilayet in 1892. Later it became part of Muş sanjak in Bitlis vilayet. Sason remained part of Muş until 1927. It was one of the districts of Siirt province until 1993. The boundaries of the district varied considerably in time. The current borders are not the same as in the 19th century. This is when the district of Sasun was situated more to the north (mostly territory now included in the central district of Muş).

Sasun, as it is called by Armenians, holds a prominent role in Armenian culture and history. It is the setting of "Daredevils of Sassoun", Armenia's national epic. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries it was a major location of Armenian "fedayi" activities, who staged two uprisings against the Ottoman authorities. They rebelled against the Kurdish tribes in 1894 and 1904.

Historically the area was known as "Sasun", part of the historical Armenian Highland. Sasun was in the Arzanene province of the ancient Armenian Kingdom. Later the region was ruled by the Mamikonian dynasty from around 772 until 1189/1190. This is when the Mamikonians moved to Cilicia after being forced out by Shah-Armen.

The region was eventually conquered by the Ottoman Empire, becoming part of the sanjak of Muş in Bitlis Vilayet, and continued to hold a substantial population of Armenians. During this period, Sason was a federation of some forty Armenian villages, whose inhabitants were known as Sasuntsis (). Surrounded by fierce Kurdish tribes to whom they were often forced to pay tribute, the Sasuntsis were able to maintain an autonomy free of Turkish rule until the end of the 19th century when the Kurds themselves were finally brought under government control. Proud warriors, the Sasuntsis made all their own weapons and relied on nothing from the outside world.

In 1893, about three to four thousand nomadic Kurds from the Diyarbakır area entered the Sason region. This of nomads, who customarily used the mountain meadows of the area in summer for their herds, was harmful to the sedentary Armenians. The Kurds were responsible for bringing economic ruin to the agrarian community of the Armenian villagers. They would steal livestock and demand the Armenians to pay a second tax (that is, a separate tax in addition to the one Armenians paid to the Ottoman government). When Armenians decided to challenge the Kurds, there was a fight and a Kurd was killed. Using the Kurd's death as a reason, Turkish officials allowed a Kurdish attack against the Armenians of Sason.

The Kurds, however, were successfully driven off by the armed Armenian villagers. But that success was then seen as a possible threat by the Ottoman authorities. In 1894 the villagers refused to pay taxes unless the Ottoman authorities protected them against more Kurdish attacks and extortions. Instead, the government sent a force of about 3,000 soldiers and Kurdish irregulars to disarm the villagers. This ended in a general massacre of between 900 to 3,000 men, women and children. The "Sasun affair" was d by European Powers. This resulted in demands that Ottoman Turkey initiate reforms in the six "Armenian vilayets". Abdul Hamid II's response to those demands culminated in the anti-Armenian pogroms of 1895 and 1896.

As part of the Hamidian massacres, it is estimated that at least 1,000 Armenian villagers were slain in the Sason atrocity. This was caused by the buildup of Ottoman troops in early 1894. Officials and military officers involved in the Sason massacres were decorated and rewarded.

Today, most of Sason's population is Kurd, Arab, or Zaza. An Armenian minority may still exist (in 1972 there were estimated to be some 6,000 Armenian villagers in the region).

Muş Province

Muş Province () is a province in eastern Turkey. It is 8,196 km² in area, and has a population of 406,886 according to a 2010 estimate. The population was 453,654 in 2000. The provincial capital is the city of Muş. Another town in Muş province, Malazgirt ("Manzikert"), is famous for the Battle of Manzikert of 1071. The majority of the province's population is Kurdish.

Muş province is divided into 6 districts (capital district in bold):


Signed, Sealed &amp; Delivered

Signed, Sealed & Delivered is the twelfth studio album by American recording artist Stevie Wonder. It was released on August 7, 1970, by Tamla. It was also Wonder's third album to be released in 1970 as he had already released two live albums earlier on in the year.

Side One

Side Two

Where I'm Coming From

Where I'm Coming From is the thirteenth album by Stevie Wonder. The album was released by Motown Records on April 12, 1971. It was his only album to be released in 1971 as "Music of My Mind" was released in 1972.

All songs written by Stevie Wonder and Syreeta Wright



Music of My Mind

Music of My Mind is the fourteenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder. It was released on March 3, 1972, by Tamla Records. Wonder would also release another studio album later on in 1972, called "Talking Book".



Talking Book

Talking Book is the fifteenth album by Stevie Wonder. It was released on October 28, 1972 by Tamla. It was also his second album to be released in 1972 as "Music of My Mind" had been released just months before it. The album is also known for the hit "Superstition".




The Dutchess

The Dutchess is the debut studio album by American recording artist Fergie. It was released on September 13, 2006, by A&M Records and the will.i.am Music Group. Musically, "The Dutchess" is mainly a hip hop and R&B album that also has roots in reggae, dance and soul. The name is also a references to Sarah Ferguson, the real Duchess of York. They share a surname and nickname of Fergie. The title had media attention.

Three of the album's songs ("London Bridge", "Glamorous", and "Big Girls Don't Cry") reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Fergalicious" and "Clumsy" also reached the top five in the US.

"The Dutchess" received mixed to positive reviews from music critics.



We Invented the Remix

We Invented the Remix is a remix album by P. Diddy with the Bad Boy Family, released on May 14, 2002. It features remixes of hit singles by artists from Diddy's Bad Boy Records record label. The album reached the top of the U.S. "Billboard" 200 albums chart for a week and was later certified Platinum for shipments of over 1,000,000 copies. The album also reached #17 in the UK on the UK Albums Chart. The album featured the hit singles "I Need a Girl (Part 1)", which reached #2 in the U.S., and "I Need a Girl (Part 2)", which reached #4, a rare occurrence of both parts of the same song both becoming big hits. This was the last album Bad Boy would release under the Arista Records label.


Don't Disturb This Groove

Don't Disturb This Groove may refer to:

Don't Disturb This Groove (album)

Don't Disturb This Groove is the fourth studio album recorded by American R&B/electropop band The System. Released by Atlantic Records in 1987, the album became a highlight of The System's career, as it has been the most commercially successful album, surpassing their hugely successful debut, "Sweat". It reached No. 62 on the "Billboard" 200 and No. 1 on the R&B Albums chart. The album was produced by its band members, David Frank and Mic Murphy.

Successful singles from this album include the band's first (and to date, only) top 10 hit on the pop charts with the contemporary R&B ballad title track, "Don't Disturb This Groove" and urban hit "Nighttime Lover".

Doug E. Fresh is featured on the track "House of Rhythm".


MacBook (2015–2019)

The MacBook Retina is a laptop computer made by Apple Inc.. It was introduced in March 2015. It was released on April 4, 2015.

The MacBook Retina is designed to be thin. It is 13.1 mm at its thickest point. It has an Intel Core M processor, which is designed for computers like this and does not need a fan or something else to cool it. It has a 12-inch 2304x1440 "Retina Display", a keyboard, and a trackpad that is able to do different things if you put more pressure on it. It has a different battery than in other Apple devices because it is so thin. It has one USB "Type C" port, and a headphone jack.

Don Young

Donald Edwin "Don" Young (June 9, 1933 – March 18, 2022) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was the U.S. Representative for from 1973 until 2022.

Young became Dean of the United States House of Representatives on December 5, 2017 after the resignation of John Conyers of Michigan. 

Young died while on flight near Seattle–Tacoma International Airport in SeaTac, Washington on March 18, 2022, aged 88, while traveling from Los Angeles to Alaska.


Dan Sullivan

Daniel Scott "Dan" Sullivan (born November 13, 1964) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He became the junior United States Senator from Alaska in January 2015.


Don't Disturb This Groove (song)

"Don't Disturb This Groove" is a song by American synthpop/R&B duo The System. It is from the 1987 album of the same name. The song was written by The System's David Frank and Mic Murphy. It was released as the album's first single. 

In May 1987, the song reached number one on the Billboard R&B Singles chart, spending one week on top. It was later a hit on the pop chart during the summer of 1987. It peaked at number four on the Hot 100 chart in July. The song officially became the number one song of the summer of 1987.

Administrative law

Administrative law (also called regulatory law) covers a wide range of procedures by administrative agencies. These agencies include city, county, state or government bodies. They may be called s, s, divisions or boards. 

Each may have its own rules and regulations which are usually not found in statutes. These are based on laws passed by a government. Agencies also have the power to enforce these rules and regulations.

Congress or state legislatures pass laws, sometimes on complicated issues. The details of how these laws are to be enforced is left to administrative agencies. For example, a government agency, the Social Security Administration (SSA) was created August 14, 1935 by an act of Congress. They were given the authority to administer Social Security benefits and disability laws. They have passed a body of rules and regulations that determine how benefits will be handled.

The rules created by the European Union are carried out by an "ad hoc" collection of agencies. These rules may be for a particular treaty or for things such as trade policy. These agencies on a policy-by-policy basis.

Blood pheasant

The blood pheasant ("Ithaginis cruentus") is a small, short-tailed pheasant. It fairly common in the eastern Himalayas. Its range is across the northern parts of India, Nepal, Bhutan and China. The total number of birds is slowly . For this reason the species has been as Least Concern by IUCN in 2009. It is the national bird of the former kingdom of Sikkim. The blood pheasant is the only species in the genus "Ithaginis" of the pheasant family.

Blood pheasants like to live in coniferous or mixed forests and scrub areas near the snowline. They move their range depending on the seasons. They are found at higher elevations during the summer.

Mal Whitfield

Malvin Greston Whitfield (October 11, 1924 – November 18, 2015) was an American former athlete and goodwill ambassador. He was the Olympic champion in the 800 metres at the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics. Overall, he is a five-time Olympic medalist (three gold, one silver, one bronze).

Whitfield was born in Bay City, Texas. He moved at age 4 to Watts, Los Angeles. He joined the United States Army Air Forces in 1943 as a member of the Tuskegee Airmen. After World War II he remained in the military, but also enrolled at the Ohio State University. He served inn the Korean War. Whitfield died under hospice care in Washington, D.C. on the night of November 18, 2015 from heart failure, aged 91.


Abdelhamid Abaaoud

Abdelhamid Abaaoud (8 April 1987 – 18 November 2015) was a Belgian Islamic terrorist. He spent his early years in a nicer household, went to a private college and decided to join ISIS After his family advised against his decision. After which His Family disowned him stating that they hope That He was dead .He was suspected of having organized multiple terror attacks in Belgium and France, including the November 2015 Paris attacks. He also went by the names Abou Omar Soussi (, meaning "from Sous", his Moroccan family's place of origin) and Abou Omar el-Beljiki (, meaning Abou Omar the Belgian).

On 18 November French authorities conducted a raid which ended in the injury of five police officers, two deaths and five arrests. The raid took place in the suburb of Saint-Denis, near Paris, and targeted Abaaoud. Abaaoud was one of those who died in the raid.

Battery (crime)

Battery is the intentional and offensive or harmful contact with another person. The exact definition varies by jurisdiction. In criminal law the elements of battery are physical contact that causes harm or offensive contact without that person's consent. Battery is often confused with assault which is threatening battery. Battery is when the threat (assault) is carried out and the person is harmed in some way. Criminal battery and civil battery may be the same or differ slightly depending on jurisdiction. In many cases the act of battery can result in both criminal and civil .

Civil battery is a tort. It is a wrong committed against another person that results in damage. It is also called an intentional tort. In most cases they are the result of negligence, caused by or recklessness. The person on whom the battery was committed, the victim, may bring a lawsuit in court to collect monetary damages. 

Criminal battery is the result of breaking a law regarding harming another person. Criminal cases are prosecuted by the state. There are four elements to criminal battery:
If all four elements can be proved, a "prima facie" case exists to go ahead and prosecute the offender.

In most cases the civil lawsuit follows a criminal trial. A person found not-guilty in a criminal trial does not prevent the victim from filing a civil suit. The burden of proof is usually lower in a civil court than in a criminal court.

When a court refers to 'battery', what is usually meant is simple battery. Simple battery is more often a misdemeanor. The elements of simple battery include:

Aggravated battery is more serious than simple battery. In most jurisdictions aggravated battery is a felony. What defines aggravated battery can vary, but most often in includes:

Salatyn Asgarova

Salatyn Aziz qizi Asgarova (; ; 16 December 1961 – 9 January 1991) is a National Hero of Azerbaijan. She was one of the Azerbaijani journalists killed in the Nagorno-Karabakh War.

A Baku street and a ship in the Caspian Sea are named after her.

A monument in her memory was erected at Tafakkur University in Baku.

She was given the National Hero title after her death. Salatyn was buried in the Martyrs' Lane in Baku.

Shadi Sadr

Shadi Sadr (; born 1974) is an Iranian human rights lawyer, journalist, and activist for women's rights. In 2010 Sadr received the International Women of Courage Award.

Shadi Sadr was born in Tehran, Iran in 1974. She studied law, and she received a master's degree in international law from Tehran University in 1999. In 2009, Sadr went to live in Germany.

Sadr is an expert on women's legal rights in Iran. She was director of Raahi, a legal advice center for women. It is now closed. Sadr also started "Women in Iran", a website about women's rights in Iran. As a lawyer, she defended several women activists and journalists in court, after they were sentenced to death.

Sadr worked to stop capital punishment by stoning, especially of women. The name of this project was "End Stoning Forever". This project was started by "Women's Field", a women's rights group. 

After the Bam earthquake in 2003, Sadr helped collect food and supplies for women and children in the area.

Sadr was the defense lawyer for Shiva Nazar Ahari, a human rights activist and member of the Committee of Human Rights Reporters. Nazar Ahari was arrested on 14 June 2009. and is believed to be in Evin Prison.

In March 2007, the Iranian government arrested 33 women, including Shadi Sadr. The women were protesting against the trial of five women who demonstrated for women's rights in the One Million Signatures protest of 12 June 2006. Sadr was in jail for fifteen days. Then she was freed on bail with Mahbubeh Abbasgholizadeh.

On 17 July 2009, Shadi Sadr was arrested again. She was going to Friday prayers with other female activists. Some military men in civilian clothes stopped her. They did not say who they were. They beat her and put her in a car. She got away, but they got her again and put her in the car again. Then they took her somewhere, although she did not know where they took her, she was later able to call her husband. She was released 11 days later on July 28, 2009.





Neurosecretion

Neurosecretion is when nerve cells make, store and release hormones. 

The hormonal system of the body is almost entirely controlled by the central nervous system. It normally does this by sending nerve impulses down axons to a gland. However, some special nerve cells can make hormones themselves, and deliver them to glands which act as storage organs. The neurons of the neuroendocrine system are large; they are mini factories for producing secretory products. These cells are called neurosecretory cells, and they make neurohormones.

Most neurohormones are secreted from nerve cells in the hypothalamus of the brain which (either immediately, or after storage) circulate in the blood. They are similar to normal endocrine cells and glands because they regulate both endocrine and nonendocrine cells. 

There are also neuroendocrine cells in the adrenal glands, which are just above the kidneys. They are called chromaffin cells, and they release epinephrine (adrenaline) and norepinephrine (noradrenaline).

Ironclad warship

An ironclad is a ship protected by iron or steel armor plates. The first recorded use of an ironclad was during the Japanese invasion of Korea. Western use of ironclads began about the second half of the 19th century. The Western ironclad was developed because up to then wooden warships were easily damaged by explosive or incendiary shells.

In 1592 Admiral Yi-Sun put armor plates on his "tortoise-ships". These protected the sides and top from bullets, arrows and fire. This allowed his small fleet to be victorious in several battles with the ese fleet. The first Western ironclad battleship, "Gloire", was launched by the French Navy in November 1859. The British Admiralty had been considering armored warships since 1856. They prepared a draft design for an armored corvette in 1857. In early 1859 the Royal Navy started building two iron-hulled armored frigates, and by 1861 had made the decision to move to an all-armored battle fleet. After the first clashes of ironclads (both with wooden ships and with one another) took place in 1862 during the American Civil War. It became clear that the ironclad had replaced the unarmored ship of the line as the most powerful warship afloat. This type of ship would come to be very successful in the American Civil War.

By the 1870s, ironclads were the main warships of the world's most powerful Navies. But the ironclad era only lasted about 50 years. By the 1890s most sailing ironclads had been replaced by modern battleships.

Noble orchid

The Noble Orchid ("Cymbidium goeringii") is a cold hardy evergreen Orchid. It is a plant that blooms in the spring. Its petals are green, yellow-green or brown. It has pseudobulbs found below ground. The leaves are long and grass-like with serrated s. It is found growing as far north as Okushiri Island (42 degrees north latitude). It can stand freezing temperatures over the winter months. It has been grown in China for over 2500 years, dating back before the time of Confucius. In Japan it has been cultivated for several hundred years. In Europe the earliest records date it to 1780.

Ahmad

Ahmad(Phonetic spelling:Ah-mad), also spelt Ahmed and Ahmet, is an Arabic word meaning "highly praised". The spelings are Ahmad, Ahmet and Ahmed.Ahmad's popularity ranking in 2021 is 688.

It is used in Arabic countries like Somalia, Djibouti, Algeria, and Saudi Arabia.


Fred Tatasciore

Fred Tatasciore (born June 15, 1967) is an American voice actor who has done many voice over works in films, shows and video games.


Beata Szydło

Beata Maria Szydło (*15th April 1963 in Oświęcim, Poland) - is a Polish politician, deputy of Parliament of Poland since 2005. She became Prime Minister of Poland on 16 November 2015. She's a member of Prawo i Sprawiedliwość (Law and Justice). She left the Prime Minister office on 11 December 2017 and was replaced by Mateusz Morawiecki.

In 1987 Szydło finished studies in ethnography at The Jagiellonian University in Kraków. From 1989 until 1995 she was a PhD student. In 1997 she finished postgraduate studies for managers of culture at Warsaw School of Economics. In 2001 she finished Cracow University of Economics - management of local government in the European Union.

In 2004 she participated in the International Visitor Leadership Program.

In 1998 she became mayor of community Gmina Brzeszcze. In 2005 she joined Prawo i Sprawiedliwość (Law and Justice) and she was elected the deputy of Polish parliament. She renewed parliamentary mandate in 2007.

In the 2011 parliamentary election Szydło remained the position of deputy. She received 43 612 votes. She renewed mandate in 2015. She was designated as the candidate for Prime Minister of Poland.

On 13 November 2015, the President of Poland Andrzej Duda nominated Szydło for Prime Minister of Poland. On 16 November she was established for the position. On 18 November her government received a vote of confidence and she delivered an exposé. In December 2017, she was replaced by Mateusz Morawiecki as Prime Minister.

Nuremberg principles

The Nuremberg principles were a set of s for determining what constitutes a war crime. The document was created by the International Law Commission of the United Nations to codify the legal principles underlying the Nuremberg Trials of Nazi party members following World War II.

"Any person who commits an act which constitutes a crime under international law is responsible therefor and to punishment."

"The fact that internal law does not impose a penalty for an act which constitutes a crime under international law does not relieve the person who committed the act from responsibility under international law."

"The fact that a person who committed an act which constitutes a crime under international law acted as Head of State or responsible government official does not relieve him from responsibility under international law."

"The fact that a person acted pursuant to (an) order of his government or of a superior does not relieve him from responsibility under international law, provided a moral choice was in fact possible to him".

Before the time of the Nuremberg Trials, this defense was called "Superior Orders". After the Nuremberg Trials, that defense is now referred to by many as the "Nuremberg Defense". More recently a third term, "lawful orders", has been used for the same defense. 

"Any person charged with a crime under international law has the right to a fair trial on the facts and law."

"The crimes hereinafter set out are punishable as crimes under international law: 

"Complicity in the commission of a crime against peace, a war crime, or a crime against humanity as set forth in Principle VI is a crime under international law."


Codification (law)

In law, codification is the process of collecting and restating the law of a jurisdiction. They are listed, usually by subject, forming a legal code (a codex or book of law). Codification is the defining feature of civil law jurisdictions.

Ancient Sumer's Code of Ur-Nammu was compiled 2100-2050 BC. It is the earliest known surviving civil code. Three centuries later, the Babylonian king Hammurabi enacted the set of laws named after him.

Religious laws such as the Torah were codified. Important codifications were developed in the ancient Roman Empire, with the compilations of the Lex Duodecim Tabularum. Much later the Corpus Iuris Civilis was assembled. These codified laws were the exceptions rather than the rule. During much of ancient history the Roman laws were left mostly uncodified.

The first "permanent" system of codified laws could be found in China. This was with the compilation of the "Tang Code" in AD 624. This formed the basis of the Chinese criminal code. This was then replaced by the "Great Qing Legal Code". This code was in turn abolished in 1912 following the Xinhai Revolution and the establishment of the Republic of China. The new laws of the Republic of China were inspired by the German codified work, the "Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch". A very influential example in Europe was the French Napoleonic code of 1804.

Another early system of laws is Hindu law framed by Manu and called as Manu Smriti. They date back to the 2nd century BC. The use of civil codes in Islamic Sharia law began with the Ottoman Empire in the 16th century AD.

Armand (singer)

Herman George van Loenhout (10 April 1946 – 19 November 2015), better known as Armand, was a Dutch protest singer. He was born in Eindhoven. His greatest hit song was "Ben ik te min" (""Am I not worthy?""). He mostly sang songs about legalizing marijuana in The Netherlands.

Armand died in Eindhoven of pneumonia at the age of 69.

Kitanoumi Toshimitsu

Kitanoumi Toshimitsu (北の湖敏満 "Obata Toshimitsu"; May 16, 1953 – November 20, 2015) was a Japanese sumo wrestler. He was the dominant "yokozuna" in sumo during the 1970s. Kitanoumi was promoted to "yokozuna" at age 21, becoming the youngest ever to achieve sumo's top rank, and he remained a "yokozuna" for a record 63 tournaments. 

He won 24 tournament championships during his career. Following his retirement in 1985 he established Kitanoumi stable. He was chairman of the Japan Sumo Association from 2002 until 2008, and from 2012 until his death. 

Kitanoumi died of multiple organ failure caused by colorectal cancer on the evening of November 20, 2015, aged 62. He was in Fukuoka for the Kyushu tournament and was taken to hospital for anemia in the morning, after which his condition deteriorated.


Keith Michell

Keith Michell (1 December 1926 – 20 November 2015) was an Australian actor. He was best known for his television and movie roles as King Henry VIII of England. He was born in Adelaide, South Australia, Australia. Michell made appearances on the mystery series "Murder, She Wrote", playing Dennis Stanton. He was the artistic director of the Chichester Festival Theatre from 1974 to 1977.

Michell died on 20 November 2015 in London, England of a heart attack, aged 88.

Allen E. Ertel

Allen Edward Ertel (November 7, 1936 – November 19, 2015) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. He was a former member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania serving from January 3, 1977 through January 3, 1983. He lost re-election to Republican George Gekas in an upset election.

Ertel died from a heart attack in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, aged 79.

A Head Full of Dreams

A Head Full of Dreams is the seventh hit studio album by rock-pop band Coldplay. Coldplay recorded "A Head Full of Dreams" from summer 2014 to autumn 2015. The single "Adventure of a Lifetime" is featured in the album. The album was released on December 4, 2015.


John Langdon

John Langdon (June 26, 1741September 18, 1819) was an American politician. He was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. He served as a delegate to the Constitutional Convention signed the United States Constitution.

He was a politician born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. He was one of the first two United States senators from that state. Langdon was an early supporter of the Revolutionary War and served in the Continental Congress.

After being in Congress for 12 years, including serving as the first president pro tempore of the Senate. Langdon became governor of New Hampshire. He turned down a nomination for vice presidential candidate in 1812.

Langdon died in Portsmouth, New Hampshire from pneumonia at the age of 78.


Balakh Sher Mazari

Sardar Mir Balakh Sher Mazari () (8 July 1928 – 4 November 2022) was a Pakistani politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Pakistan from 18 April 1993 through 26 May 1993. He replaced Nawaz Sharif.

Ameen Faheem

Makhdoom Muhammad Ameen Faheem (; "alt. spelling": Amin Fahim; 4 August 1939 – 21 November 2015), was an Pakistani populist left-wing figure and a poet and Spiritual leader, He was the senior vice-chairman of Pakistan Peoples Party. He was also the chairman of Pakistan People's Party Parliamentarians and former chairman of Alliance for Restoration of Democracy. He served as the Commerce Minister of Pakistan serving from 3 November 2008 through 16 March 2013.

born on August 4, 1939 in Hala Sindh, Pakistan, was the eldest son of Makhdoom Muhammad Zaman,
Faheem died on 21 November 2015 from leukemia after being admitted to a hospital in Karachi, Pakistan under ICU at the age of 76.

Tamarillo

Tamarillo is a shrub or tree in the flowering species Solanaceae. It bears an egg-shaped edible fruit, also called a tamarillo. The fruit is about 4-10 centimeters long. The taste is similar to that of a tomato, but with less sweet and more of a salty flavour.

The tamarillo is native to the Andes of Ecuador, Colombia, Peru, Chile, and Bolivia.

French national volleyball team

The France national men's volleyball team is the national volleyball team of France. It represents France in international competitions and friendly matches. It has been the reigning European Champion since 2015. It is ranked 10th (as of August 2016) in the FIVB World Ranking after playing in the 2016 Rio Olympics.

 Champions   Runners up   Third place   Fourth place
 Champions   Runners up   Third place   Fourth place

 Champions   Runners up   Third place   Fourth place
 Champions   Runners up   Third place   Fourth place
The following is the French roster in the 2019 Men's Nations League.

Head coach: Laurent Tillie





Great Wall

The Great Walls are the largest known structures in the universe. They are based on data set mapping of gamma-ray bursts (GRBs). The mapping found an unusually high concentration of similarly distanced GRBs in certain areas.

Structures larger than 1,200,000,000 light years are incompatible with the cosmological principle according to all estimates.

Cosmological principle

In modern physical cosmology, the cosmological principle is a prediction based on the idea that the universe is about the same in all places when viewed on a large scale.

Forces are expected to act uniformly throughout the universe. There should, therefore, be no observable irregularities in the large scale structure. The structure is the result of the evolution of the matter field after the Big Bang.

Astronomer William Keel explains:

The cosmological principle is usually stated formally as 'Viewed on a sufficiently large scale, the properties of the universe are the same for all observers.' This amounts to the strongly philosophical statement that the part of the universe which we can see is a fair sample, and that the same physical laws apply throughout.

The two testable consequences of the cosmological principle are homogeneity and isotropy. Homogeneity means that the same observational evidence is available to observers at different locations in the universe ("the part of the universe which we can see is a fair sample"). Isotropy means that the same observational evidence is available by looking in any direction in the universe ("the same physical laws apply throughout"). The principles are closely related, because a universe that appears isotropic from any two (for a spherical geometry, three) locations must also be homogeneous.

Innervisions

Innervisions is the sixteenth studio album by American musician Stevie Wonder. It was released August 3, 1973 by Tamla. Wonder would release his next album "Fulfillingness' First Finale" the following year. All of the songs on "Innverisions" were written by Wonder.

"Innervisions" received positive reviews from music critics.

All songs written, produced, and arranged by Stevie Wonder.



Lube Volleyball Club

Cucine Lube Civitanova is a professional volleyball team based in Civitanova Marche, Italy. Since 1995, the club has been playing in Serie A of Italian Volleyball League. Club won Italian Championship three times, Italian Cup four-times, Italian SuperCup three-times, CEV Champions League in 2002, 2019, CEV Cup in 2002, 2005, 2006, CEV Challenge Cup 2011 and FIVB Men's Club World Volleyball Championship in 2019.



25 (Adele album)

25 is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Adele. It was released on November 20, 2015. There are eleven tracks on the album. The lead single from the album, "Hello", was released on October 23, 2015. It reached number one in the UK, US, Canada, and Australia. It was number one across Europe including Germany, France, Russia and Italy. It hit number ten in Japan. "25" marks Adele's return to music after her recording of the Bond theme "Skyfall" in 2012, along with the birth of her son Angelo that year. She has worked with producers who have worked with Pink, Kelly Clarkson, Britney Spears, and Taylor Swift. She also worked with Bruno Mars on the song "All I Ask". Five other songs charted from the album on the "Billboard" Hot 100, even though they were not released as singles at the time. They were "Send My Love (To Your New Lover)", "When We Were Young", "Remedy", "All I Ask", and "Water Under the Bridge".

"25" has officially broken the record for the most albums sold in a week in the US by selling 3.38 million copies. It has gone on to sell over 4 million copies in the US alone after only two weeks of release. The album has been certified Diamond in the United States for sales and streams of more than 10 million copies in that country alone. The album was not made available on streaming sites such as Spotify and Apple Music. On November 20, 2016, a year after "25" was released, "Billboard" reported that the album sold over 9.1 million copies in the US alone, not including any streams of the album.

Adele has stated that "25" was a "make-up record," compared to her previous album, "21", being a "breakup record." The song "Sweetest Devotion" was written about her son Angelo, who was born in October 2012.

On December 14, 2015, "Billboard" said that "When We Were Young" has been chosen as the second single from "25". When this was announced, the song had charted as high as number 22 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and reached number 14. It has been certified Platinum in the United States.

The third single, "Send My Love (To Your New Lover)", was released on May 16, 2016. The music video premiered at the 2016 "Billboard" Music Awards on May 22, where "25" won the award for Top "Billboard" 200 Album. "Send My Love" reached number eight on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US and the top five in the UK. It was certified Platinum in the United States.

The fourth single, "Water Under the Bridge", was released on November 4, 2016. So far, it reached number 51 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

"25" won two awards at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards in 2017 for Best Pop Vocal Album and Album of the Year.

2017 — 59th Annual Grammy Awards


Aswan Dam

Aswan Dam might refer to:

Walter Tull

Walter Daniel John Tull (28 April 1888 – 25 March 1918) was an English professional footballer. He played as an inside forward for Tottenham Hotspur and Northampton Town. He was the second person of mixed race to play in the top division of the Football League. He was the first mixed-race British outfielder in the top division of English football. His professional football career began after he was spotted while playing for his local amateur club, Clapton F.C.. He began playing for Clapton in 1908. Within a few months he had won winners' medals in the FA Amateur Cup, London County Amateur Cup and London Senior Cup. In March 1909 the "Football Star" called him "the catch of the season".

Tull was brought up in a National Children's Home orphanage in Bethnal Green, London, along with his brother. They were placed there following the death of their parents. He joined Tottenham in 1909 and transferred to Northampton Town in 1911, where he made 111 first-team appearances.

During the First World War, Tull served in the Footballers' Battalion of the Middlesex Regiment. He fought in the Battle of the Somme in 1916. Tull was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant on 30 May 1917. This was in spite of the fact there was a ban on black people being given that status.

Tull fought in Italy in 1917–18. He was noted for his "gallantry and coolness" while leading his company of 26 men on a raiding party into enemy territory. He returned to France in 1918. Tull was killed in action on 25 March during the Spring Offensive. His body was never recovered.

Campaigners have called for a statue to be erected in his honour. Northampton South MP Brian Binley has campaigned for Tull to be posthumously awarded the Military Cross. He was honoured with a commemorative plaque in London placed close to where he lived. A Walter Tull commemorative coin is part of a set of £5 coins released by the Royal Mint.

Westfield, Indiana

Westfield is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 46,410.

Moheener Ghoraguli

Moheener Ghoraguli were a Bengali independent music group that became famous in the 1990s. They performed for more than 10 years. They are famous for their lyrical theme. Most of their albums are concept albums, which means every song is linked through a theme. Their first album was the "Shongbigno Pakhikul O Kolkata Bishayak", which was released in 1977. Their latest album is "Khyapar Gaan", which was released in 1999. The band were named actually taken from a poem "Ghora" ('Horses') from the poetry book "Shatti Tarar Timir" by the great modernist Bengali poet Jibanananda Das. In 2008, they played at a concert called Abar Bochhor Tirish Pore. The original line up was Gautam Chattopadhyay, Biswanath Chattopadhyay, Pradip Chattopadhyay, Ranjon Ghoshal, Abraham Mazumdar, Tapas Das and Tapesh Bandopadhyay. They have made some very popular albums including "Shongbigno Pakhikul O Kolkata Bishayak" and "Aabaar Bochhor Kuri Pore".



Trust law

In law a trust is a relationship where property is held by one party for the benefit of another party. A trust is created by the owner, also called a "settlor", "trustor" or "grantor" who transfers property to a trustee. The trustee holds that property for the trust's beneficiaries. Trusts exist mainly in common law jurisdictions. They have existed since Roman times.

When an owner of property places that property into trust, he or she turns over part or all of his or her rights to the trustee. This separates the property's legal ownership and control from its settlor's ownership and benefits. This controls the property and its benefits if the settlor is absent, incapacitated, or dead. Trusts are frequently created in wills, defining how money and property will be handled for children or other beneficiaries.

The trustee is given legal title to the trust property, but has an obligation to act for the good of the beneficiaries. The benefits of the trust belong to the beneficiary. The trustee may be compensated and have expenses reimbursed. But the trustee must otherwise turn over all profits from the trust properties. Trustees who don't do this are self-dealing. Courts can reverse self dealing actions, order profits returned, and impose other sanctions.

The trustee may be either a individual, a company, or a public body. There may be a single trustee or multiple co-trustees. The trust is governed by the terms under which it was created. In most jurisdictions, this requires a contractual trust agreement or deed.

Advantages of a trust may include:

Testamentary trusts transfer property into the trust after the death of the settlor. The trust allows the settlor to specify any conditions and may spread payments from the trust over a period of time. Testamentary trusts are not automatically created when the settlor dies but may be specified in will. Because a testamentary trust is created by a provision of a will, it is necessary for the estate to go through probate.

A living trust may be more complicated than a testamentary trust. Many people use a living trust to avoid probate, although even with a trust a deceased person's estate will often still include assets that must be probated. You also cannot use living trusts to name guardians for your children, but may designate a guardian in your will.

Living trusts may be used to manage property both during the settlor's lifetime and after death. If the settlor becomes incapacitated, disabled by an accident or illness, or is unavailable to manage the property the trustee may manage the property on behalf of the settlor in a manner consistent with the terms of the trust.

Toulouse Business School

Toulouse Business School is a European higher studies establishment. The school is in 5 places, in Paris and Toulouse, France, in the United Kingdom (London), in Spain (Barcelona) and in Morocco (Casablanca), where it is a university. It is one of the oldest business schools in the world, established in 1903. It presents itself as ""Think and Create"".

TBS is well-known for its aviation management degrees in partnership with the French Civil Aviation University.



John Bel Edwards

John Bel Edwards (born September 16, 1966) is an American attorney and Democratic Party politician. He was the Governor of Louisiana from 2016 to 2024. He was elected on November 21, 2015. He was a member of and the Minority Leader of the Louisiana House of Representatives, having represented the 72nd District from 2008 through 2016.

Edwards was born in Amite City, Louisiana. Many of his family members have been police officers, and in the 19th century they owned a lot of slaves. Edwards was an officer in the United States Army then a lawyer before he decided to run for governor.


Joseph Silverstein

Joseph Silverstein (March 21, 1932 – November 22, 2015) was an American violinist and conductor. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

In 1962, Silverstein became concertmaster of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, a job he held for 22 years. He was appointed assistant conductor in 1971. He was music director of the Utah Symphony from 1983 to 1998. He has served as a professor of violin at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia.

Silverstein died on November 21, 2015 in Boston, Massachusetts from a heart attack at the age of 83.


Linda Haglund

Linda Haglund (15 June 1956 – 21 November 2015) was a Swedish Olympic sprinter. Her running career would take her to the 1972, 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics. Haglund had her best Olympic Games showing with a fourth place in the Moscow Games' 100 metres final. 

Haglund died from complications of lung cancer on 21 November 2015, aged 59.

Bob Foster

Robert Lloyd "Bob" Foster (April 27, 1942 – November 21, 2015) was an American light heavyweight and heavyweight professional boxer. 

Foster was born in Borger, Texas. He was raised in Albuquerque, New Mexico.

He was known as "The Deputy Sheriff", Foster was one of the greatest light heavyweight champions in boxing history. He won the undisputed light heavyweight championship from Dick Tiger in 1968 via fourth round knockout, and went on to defend his crown fourteen times in total from 1968 to 1974. Foster challenged heavyweight kings Joe Frazier and Muhammad Ali during his career, but was knocked out by both fighters. He retired from professional boxing in 1978, at the age of 36.

Foster died on November 21, 2015 at a hospital in Albuquerque, New Mexico at the age of 73


Chester W. Nimitz

Chester William Nimitz, Sr. (; February 24, 1885February 20, 1966) was an American fleet admiral of the United States Navy. He played a major role in the naval history of World War II as Commander in Chief, United States Pacific Fleet (CinCPac), for U.S. naval forces and Commander in Chief, Pacific Ocean Areas (CinCPOA), for U.S. and Allied air, land, and sea forces during World War II.

Nimitz was born in Fredericksburg, Texas. He studied at the United States Naval Academy. Nimitz died in Yerba Buena Island, San Francisco, California from pneumonia caused by a stroke, aged 80.



Tower Commission

The Tower Commission was created on 26 November 1986 by U.S. President Ronald Reagan in response to the Iran Contra scandal. Reagan appointed Republican and former Senator John Tower of Texas, former Secretary of State Edmund Muskie, and former National Security Advisor Brent Scowcroft.

The Commission's report, published on 26 February 1987, concluded that CIA Director William Casey, who supported the Iran-Contra arrangement, should have taken over the operation and made the President aware of the risks and notified Congress as legally required. 

The Commission's work was continued by the Congressional Committees Investigating The Iran-Contra Affair, which were formed in January 1987 and published a report in November 1987; and by Independent Counsel Lawrence Walsh, appointed 1 December 1986 and publishing a final report in 1993.

Oskar Fischer

Oskar Fischer (19 March 1923 – 2 April 2020) was an East German politician. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs of the German Democratic Republic from 1975 to 1990. Fischer was the first member of the East German cabinet to visit Pope John Paul II at the Vatican in 1978. He was born in Aš, Czechoslovakia.

Fischer died on 2 April 2020 in Berlin, aged 97.

Allan MacEachen

Allan Joseph MacEachen, OC (July 6, 1921 – September 12, 2017) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Inverness, Nova Scotia. He was the first Deputy Prime Minister of Canada, serving from 1977 to 1979 and 1980 to 1984 during Pierre Trudeau tenure as prime minister. In 2008, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.

MacEachen died on September 12, 2017 at the age of 96.


Dhawalagiri Zone

Dhawalagiri () was one of the fourteen administrative zones of Nepal. According to the 2001 census, it had a population of 556,191.



Trentino Volley

Trentino Volley is a professional volleyball team based in Trento, in northern Italy. It has played in the Italian Volleyball League without interruption since 2000. It has won the Italian Volleyball League (four times), the Italian Cup, the Italian Super Cup, the CEV Champions League (three consecutive times) and the FIVB Men's Club World Volleyball Championship (a record four consecutive times). In the 2010–11 season it won national, continental and world championships. It is the first and only team in volleyball history to have done that.

Culex

Culex (also called the common house mosquito) is a genus of mosquitoes. It includes several species of mosquitoes that vector (carry and transmit) one or more important diseases between birds, humans and other animals. The diseases they vector include West Nile virus, as well as arbovirus and filariasis infections. A connection between Culex mosquitoes and malaria was first shown by Major Ronald Ross of the British Army. Ross received a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1902 for his work.

<br>

Eulerian path

Eulerian path is a notion from graph theory. A eulerian path in a graph is one that visits each edge of the graph once only. A Eulerian circuit or Eulerian cycle is an Eulerian path which starts and ends on the same vertex.

Fulfillingness' First Finale

Fulfillingness' First Finale is the seventeenth studio album by American musician Stevie Wonder. It was released on July 22, 1974 by Tamla. Wonder would release his next album "Songs in the Key of Life" in 1976, two years after "Fulfillingness' First Finale".

"Fulfillingness' First Finale" received generally positive reviews from music critics.



2007.

"Billboard Chart information by Billboard VNU eMedia"

Songs in the Key of Life

Songs in the Key of Life is the eighteenth studio album by American recording artist Stevie Wonder. It was released on September 28, 1976, by Tamla.

"Songs in the Key of Life" received generally positive reviews from critics.









The "A Something's Extra" 7" extended play was included with the special-edition version of the original LP. These tracks are also on most CD versions of the album, as well as the Blu-ray Audio. They were either split between both discs or added to the end of the second disc.




Hohmann transfer orbit

In orbital mechanics, a Hohmann transfer orbit moves a spacecraft between orbiting heights. It is the most fuel-efficient method to do so, because the spacecraft is not trying to escape the planet's gravity, using an elliptical orbit for the transfer. 

A ship using this would have to apply two velocities, one to enter the elliptical orbit, and one to enter the second orbit. 

Assuming the mass of the spacecraft is much lower than that of the orbiting planet, the two velocities, formula_1 and formula_2, can be solved for as:formula_3formula_4where 




Mauricio Macri

Mauricio Macri (; born 8 February 1959) is an Argentine civil engineer, businessman and politician who was the 56th President of Argentina from 2015 to 2019. He was the Mayor of Buenos Aires serving from 10 December 2007 through 10 December 2015.

On 22 November 2015, after a tie in the first round of presidential elections on 25 October, Macri won the first ballotage in Argentina's history, beating Front for Victory candidate Daniel Scioli and becoming president-elect. He was inaugurated on 10 December 2015.

Running for president when the Argentine economy was not performing well, Macri campaigned on a platform of change, and promised to pass free market reforms of the economy. Macri made major economic changes as soon as he entered office, hoping to help create jobs. He also is changing the country's foreign policy. While the president that came before him, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, had criticized the United States' policies, Macri has improved relations. In 2016, Barack Obama visited Argentina. The two talked about improving relations, issues in the hemisphere, and an apology from the United States for its support of the dictatorship in Argentina (as well as in several other Latin American countries) in the 1970s and 80s.

Macri has been critical of the government of Nicolas Maduro, and feels that the Venezuelan President is undemocratic and oppressive.

Macri lost his re-election bid in the 2019 election to Alberto Fernández and left office on 10 December 2019.



Selwa Roosevelt

Selwa Carmen Showker “Lucky” Roosevelt (born January 13, 1929) is a retired-American civil servant. She served as Chief of Protocol of the United States for almost seven years from 1982 through 1989 during the Ronald Reagan presidency. She was married to, Archibald Bulloch Roosevelt, Jr., the grandson of President Theodore Roosevelt.

James W. Symington

James Wadsworth Symington (; born September 28, 1927) is an American attorney and politician. He served as four-term member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1969 to 1977, representing Missouri for the Democratic Party. His father was United States senator Stuart Symington. He was born in Rochester, New York.


Cavit Şadi Pehlivanoğlu

Cavit Şadi Pehlivanoğlu (1927 – 21 November 2015) was a Turkish statesman. He served as a legislator of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey for three terms between 1961 through 1996. He was the first as a member of Justice Party (Turkey) and then as the Vice President of Motherland Party (Turkey), that he founded together with President Turgut Özal and others.

Pehlivanoğlu died on November 21, 2015 in Ordu, Turkey from complications of pneumonia, aged 88.

Norman Tebbit

Norman Beresford Tebbit, Baron Tebbit, CH, PC (born 29 March 1931) is a British politician. A member of the Conservative Party, he served in the Cabinet from 1981 to 1987 as Secretary of State for Employment (1981–83), Secretary of State for Trade and Industry (1983–85), Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster (1985–87) and Chairman of the Conservative Party (1985–87). 

He was a member of parliament (MP) from 1970 to 1992, representing the constituencies of Epping (1970–74) and Chingford (1974–92).


Douglas Hurd

Douglas Richard Hurd, Baron Hurd of Westwell (born 8 March 1930) is a British Conservative politician. He served in the governments of Margaret Thatcher and John Major from 1979 to 1995.

He was born in the market town of Marlborough in Wiltshire. Hurd first entered Parliament in February 1974 as MP for the Mid Oxfordshire constituency (Witney from 1983). His first government post was as Minister for Europe from 1979 to 1983 (being that office's inaugural holder) and he served in several Cabinet roles since 1984. 

His jobs include Secretary of State for Northern Ireland (1984–85), Home Secretary (1985–89) and Foreign Secretary (1989–95). He stood unsuccessfully for the Conservative Party leadership in 1990, but retired from frontline politics during a Cabinet reshuffle in 1995.

In 1997, Hurd was elevated to the House of Lords and is one of the Conservative Party's most senior elder statesmen. He is a patron of the Tory Reform Group and remains an active figure in public life.


Herbert Scarf

Herbert Eli Scarf (July 25, 1930 – November 15, 2015) was an American economist and professor emeritus of Economics at Yale University (2010-2015). 

He was a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the National Academy of Sciences and the American Philosophical Society. He served as the president of the Econometric Society in 1983. He received both the Frederick Lanchester Award in 1973 and the John von Neumann Medal in 1983 from the Operations Research Society of America and was elected as a Distinguished Fellow of the American Economic Association in 1991.

Scarf was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied at Princeton University and at Temple University. Scarf died at his home in Sag Harbor, New York from heart failure, aged 85.


Yoram Tsafrir

Yoram Tsafrir (30 January 1938 in Kfar Azar – 23 November 2015) was an Israeli archaeologist. His research has included the Byzantine influence on ancient synagogues, demography of Palestine in the Byzantine period. He led excavations at Beit She'an, and at Rehoboth. He was Professor Emeritus in the University of Hebrew, University of Jerusalem, and in the Institute of Archaeology. He was a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities.

Tsafrir died in a hospital in Jerusalem, Israel from a heart attack at the age of 77.

Litchfield, Maine

Litchfield is a town in Kennebec County, Maine, United States. The population was 3,586 at the 2020 census. Litchfield is included in the Augusta, Maine micropolitan area.

Litchfield was incorporated in 1795. It was originally known as Smithtown Plantation.


North Pole, Idaho

North Pole is a small unincorporated community in the U.S. state of Idaho.

Kostandin Shpataraku

Kostandin Shpataraku (flourished 1736–67) was an Albanian painter of 18th century. 

Kostandin Shpataraku was born in Valesh village in the Shpat region of Albania. The region is located in the southern highland of Elbasan, Albania, in today's Gjinar which was originally in the Ottoman Empire.

Shpataraku was a painter in the Orthodox tradition of icons and Byzantine church frescoes, active between 1736 and 1767. His works combine Byzantine tradition and Italian Renaissance influences.

Shpataraku was beheaded by the Ottomans in Elbasan. His family took his body and buried him in his village with his head apart from the rest of the body, so the Ottomans could not find his exact grave. A small chapel was built later to commemorate him. He is also commemorated as a saint by the locals, on September 21.

Many of his icons are in Ardenica Monastery, St. Jovan Vladimir's Church near Elbasan, Vithkuq, and in the "Museum of Medieval Art" in Korce. Many of his works belong to private collections.


Elastin

Elastin is part of connective tissue. It is an elastic protein which allows many tissues in the body to go back to their shape after stretching or contracting. Elastin helps skin return to its original position when handled. Elastin is also used in places where mechanical energy is stored. 

Elastin is important in blood vessels because it helps blood to flow. It is common in large elastic blood vessels such as the aorta. Elastin is also very important in the lungs, ligaments, the skin, the bladder, and elastic cartilage. It is present in all vertebrates above the jawless fish.

In humans, elastin is encoded by the "ELN" gene.

Icterid

The Icteridae are a family of small to medium-sized New World songbirds. They are usually brightly colored. Most species have black as a main plumage color, often enlivened by yellow, orange or red. The family is extremely varied in size, shape, behavior and coloration. 

This group includes the New World blackbirds, New World orioles, the bobolink, meadowlarks, grackles, cowbirds, oropendolas and caciques. They are only distantly related to the Old World common blackbird (which is a thrush) or the Old World orioles.

Icterids are unusual in songbirds because they have considerable sexual dimorphism. For example, the male great-tailed grackle is 60% heavier than the female. The smallest icterid species is the orchard oriole, in which the female averages 15 cm in length (6 in) and in weight, while the largest is the Amazonian oropendola, the male of which measures and weighs about . This variation in size is greater than usual in passerine families. 

One unusual adaptation shared by the icterids is gaping, where the skull allows them to open their bills strongly rather than passively. This lets them force open gaps to get at hidden food.

Amanda Holden

Amanda Holden (born 16 February 1971) is an English television personality, actress, singer and presenter. She is best known as a judge on "Britain's Got Talent" on ITV. 

She played Mel in the TV series "Kiss Me Kate". She also played Geraldine Titley in the TV comedy-drama series "The Grimleys". Furthermore, Holden appeared in "Smack the Pony", "EastEnders", "Celeb", "Hearts and Bones" and "Cutting It".

Holden was born in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England.


Thoroughly Modern Millie (musical)

Thoroughly Modern Millie is a 2002 musical, with lyrics by Dick Scanlan and music by Jeanine Tesori. It is based on the 1967 movie of the same name. It is about a girl from Kansas, Millie Dillmount, who comes to New York City in the 1920s to marry for money rather than love. Millie begins to soon take delight in the flapper lifestyle. However, problems arise when she checks into a hotel owned by a the leader of a white slavery ring in China.

Thoroughly Modern Millie is a pastiche musical, imitating the style of the original movie. It won a 2002 Tony Award for best musical. It played in London and New York City.

Looking Back (Stevie Wonder album)

Looking Back, and also called Anthology, is a triple LP anthology by American musician Stevie Wonder. It was released on November 30, 1977 on Motown Records.

Since its release as a 12-inch triple LP, it has not been made available on a CD or download. It is considered to be a limited edition. The album has 40 songs from Wonder's early period (1962 - 1971).








Stevie Wonder's Journey through the Secret Life of Plants

Stevie Wonder's Journey Through "The Secret Life of Plants" is an album by Stevie Wonder, originally released on the Tamla label on October 30, 1979. It was also the soundtrack to the documentary "The Secret Life of Plants", directed by Walon Green.

"Stevie Wonder's Journey Through "The Secret Life of Plants""' received mixed reviews from critics.

"All songs written, produced and arranged by Stevie Wonder, except where noted."


Mýa

Mýa Marie Harrison (born October 10, 1979) () is an American singer, songwriter, dancer and actress. She first became famous in 1998 with her debut album "Mýa". She is best known for the 2001 cover of the famous R&B song "Lady Marmalade".

Mýa is a native of Washington, D.C. She is one of three children. Her father, Sherman, was an African-American musician and singer. He played in several bands near where they lived. Her Italian-American mother, Theresa, worked as an accountant. As a child, Mýa would pretend she was Michael Jackson and would sing into a wooden spoon and pretended it was a microphone. 

Mýa sometimes was bullied because of her ethnic background. She would say 
There was a time in my life when I wasn't popular and accepted by kids in school. I was made fun of with braces and kinky hair, and being from a multicultural family, etcetera... And it really hurts when you're that age, but later when you get something of your own or you get involved in activities like a sport, you begin to be accepted for what you do, and your personality and who you are, instead of your clothes and how you look and the name designer brands you have on.




Mýa (album)

Mýa is the self-titled debut studio album by American recording artist Mýa. It was her first studio album for then-record label Interscope Records released April 21, 1998. When the album was released Mýa was a teenager.

"Mýa" received mixed reviews when it was released.

Moodring

Moodring is the third studio album by American recording artist Mýa. It was her last studio album for then joint record label A&M and Interscope Records, released on July 22, 2003.

"Moodring" received generally positive reviews from music critics.

Varduhi Varderesyan

Varduhi Varderesyan (; 19 March 1928 – 24 November, 2015) was an Romanian-born Armenian actress. She was born in Bucharest, Romania. In 2002 she was declared an honorary citizen of Yerevan. She was known for her roles in "Looking for the Addressee", "Northern Rainbow", "Hayrik", and in "The Journey".

Varderesyan died in Yerenvan, Armenia at the age of 87.


Manmeet Bhullar

Manmeet Singh Bhullar (March 1, 1980 – November 23, 2015) was a Canadian politician. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta who represented the constituency of Calgary-Greenway as a Progressive Conservative. He served as a cabinet minister from 2011 until the defeat of the Progressive Conservative government in 2015.

Bhullar became the first turbaned Sikh to hold a ministerial position after he was appointed to Cabinet as Minister of Service Alberta on October 12, 2011.

Bhullar died in a motor vehicle collision north of Red Deer, Alberta while driving from Calgary to Edmonton on the Queen Elizabeth II highway, on November 23, 2015 at the age of 35. Bhullar had stopped to assist a driver involved in a collision and sustained fatal injuries after he was struck by a semi truck that had lost control descending a hill.

Ann Njogu

Ann Njogu is a lawyer and activist from Kenya. In 2010, she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

Njogu is the director of the Centre for Rights Education and Awareness. The center made a record of violence based on gender after the December 2007 Kenyan elections. Njogu was also a leader in the Multi-Sectoral Committee on Constitutional Reform, the Joint Dialogue Forum on Constitutional Reform, and a delegate to the Bomas National Conference on Constitutional Reforms. These groups worked for better government.

Njogu helped write the law for Kenya’s Sexual Offenses Act. This act became law in 2006.

This law protects women from sexual and gender based violence. It helps abused women to find justice Njogu also gave counseling and support to the victims of sexual and gender-based violence. Njogu started centers to give information, legal aid, counseling and psychosocial support to women. The centers are all over the country. The first center was in Kibera slum. 

In 2007, Njogu wanted a review of the salaries of the members of parliament. Kenya is very poor, but the members of parliament received a lot of money. The police attacked Njogu and took her to jail. Njoogu and the others who were arrested filed a Constitutional reference. It was called "Ann Njogu and others versus the State." It said the police could not keep a Kenyan citizen in jail for more than 24 hours.

In 2008, Njokgu helped to start the Civil Society Congress. This group worked for better government after the 2007 Kenyan election. In 2008 Njogu said there might be corrupttion in the sale of the Grand Regency Hotel. The police arrested Njokgu and they beat her. 

Njogu received a 2010 International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.



Lee Ae-ran

Lee Ae-ran (Hangul = 이애란; Revised Romanization = I Aeran; McCune–Reischauer = Ri Aeran) (born 1964) is a South Korean activist. In 2010 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Lee's grandparents left North Korea to go to South Korea. The government of North Korea sent Lee and her family to a labor camp. She was in jail for eight years. In 1997, a family member in America wrote a book. The book said Lee's father worked against North Korea, so Lee ran away to South Korea.

Lee studied the subject of food and nutrition at Ewha Womans University. In 2009, she received a PhD.

In 2005, Lee started the Global Leadership Scholarship Program. The program gives scholarships to students from North Korea to learn English.

In 2008, Lee ran for a seat in the National Assembly. She was the first North Korean defector to do this.

In 2009, Lee started the Hana Defector Women's Organization. The NGO helps North Korean women who live in South Korea. The women receive job training, childcare, help with education, and human rights training.

Lee became the head of the North Korean Traditional Food Institute in 2012. The institute tries to bring North and South Korea closer together. It gives vocational training to North Korean defectors. It also teaches about the food traditions of Pyongyang.

Also in 2012, Lee led an 18-day hunger strike in front of the Chinese embassy. Lee protested against China, because they wanted to send North Korean refugees back to North Korea.

Lee received a 2010 International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.


Wasted username

A wasted username or wasted account is a user account on a website that was not used very much (or at all) after it was made. A person who makes an account like this is called a namewaster or a name waster.

This word came from YouTube, where many people would post both funny and hateful comments on namewasters' YouTube channels. This was an Internet phenomenon until 2012, when YouTube deleted a lot of these wasted accounts.

Chain mail

Mail, or chain mail, is a type of armour. It is made of small metal rings linked together in a pattern to form a mesh. The Celts are usually credited with inventing mail armour. Celtic mail was usually made in the form of a vest.

The origins* of the word "mail" are not fully known. One theory is that it originally comes from the Latin word "macula", meaning "spot" or "opacity". Another theory relates the word to the Old French "maillier", meaning “to hammer” (related to the modern English word "malleable"). A mail shirt is a called a hauberk (haubergeon or byrnie). Mail leggings were called chausses. A mail Hood is called a coif and covered the head, neck and shoulders. 

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Another possible source is Italian. The word for jersey or sweater, and sometimes shirt, in modern Italian is "maglia" or, in French, "maillot". 

Many scholars think mail was invented by ancient Celts about the 3rd century BC. At that time their iron work was probably the best in Europe. The Romans quickly adopted it for their own army. A shirt of mail armour weighed about . After a battle it was common practice to strip weapons and armour from the dead. Vikings were known to wear mail armor whenever they could get their hands on it. Mail was expensive, time-consuming to make, and required a supply of iron. It became more expensive as improvements were made in materials and workmanship. Mail armour was in use in Europe until the 15th century.

Mail is today used in gloves to prevent cuts by butchers and firefighters. Some divers wear mail suits when swimming around sharks and particularly when feeding sharks. But mail is heavy and it makes moving around more difficult. Mail is very popular with history reenactors. It is also popular in live action role playing.

Afar Triangle

The Afar Triangle (or Afar Depression) is a low area bordering on the Red Sea. It is part of the Great Rift Valley in East Africa. 
The area overlaps the borders of Eritrea, Djibouti and the entire Afar region of Ethiopia. 

Important fossil specimens of the earliest hominins have been found in this area. These are the earliest of the human clade. The area is thought by some paleontologists to be the cradle of the evolution of humans. 

Many important fossil localities exist in the Afar region. These sites have produced specimens of the earliest (fossil) hominins and of human tool culture, as well as many fossils of flora and fauna.

The Triangle includes the lowest point in Africa, Lake Asal, Djibouti, at 155 m (or 509 ft) below sea level.

The Awash River is the main waterflow into the region. It runs dry during the annual dry season, and ends as a chain of saline lakes. The northern part of the Afar Depression is also known as the Danakil Depression. The lowlands are affected by heat, drought, and poor air circulation. Some of the lowlands are the hottest places (year-round average temperatures) of anywhere on Earth.

The Afar Triangle is bordered by high areas, as shown on the topographic map.

The Depression is a plate tectonic triple junction. This geologic feature is one of earth's great active volcanic areas, so the floor of the depression is composed of lava, mostly basalt.

The continuous process of volcanism makes mineral deposits, like sulfur, salt, bentonite, and gypsum. There are also geothermal energy sources and hot springs in different areas of the region.

In 2005, a giant rift was formed in just a few days. The rift opened when the Dabbahu Volcano erupted. The rift is part of the process of the Arabian and African plates moving apart. This new crack, long, and deep, opened when the lava from the erupting volcano flowed underground and cooled. It left a long, wide dike within days.

Stabat mater

Stabat Mater Dolorosa, often referred to as Stabat Mater, is a 13th-century Catholic hymn to Mary. It has been attributed to the Franciscan Jacopone da Todi and to Innocent III. It is about the Sorrows of Mary.

Like so many other hymns the name of the hymn is made of the first few words. This is called an incipit. The first line reads "Stabat mater dolorosa" ("The sorrowful mother stood"). The "Stabat Mater" hymn is about the suffering of Mary, Jesus Christ's mother, during his crucifixion. It is sung at the liturgy on the memorial of Our Lady of Sorrows. The "Stabat Mater" has been set to music by many composers, among them Palestrina, Pergolesi, Alessandro Scarlatti and Domenico Scarlatti, Vivaldi, Haydn, Rossini, Dvořák, George Henschel, Karol Szymanowski, Poulenc and Arvo Pärt.

The hymn was very popular all across Europe, especially with the mendicant orders. Pope Benedict XIII finally extended it to the whole of the Roman Rite in 1727. The commemoration of Our Lady of Sorrows was eventually fixed to September 15, the day after the Exaltation of the Cross on September 14, where it is found in both the 1962 "Missale Romanum" and the 1969 missal of Paul VI and its subsequent editions. There is also a different melody for the same text in the Roman Breviary: "In the Roman liturgical tradition, it is sung as a hymn in the Divine Office in one melody of the sixth Gregorian mode, and in another of the second mode as a Sequence at Mass, between the Alleluia and the Gospel." 

Rhododendron niveum

Rhododendron niveum is a "Rhododendron" species. It is native to northeastern India (including Sikkim), Bhutan, and southern Tibet. It grows at altitudes of 2600–3500 meters. 

It is a shrub or small tree that grows to 2–6 m in height, with leathery leaves 8.5–11 by 3.6–4.6 cm in size. Flowers are magenta to lilac.

Dan Fante

Daniel Smart "Dan" Fante (February 19, 1944 – November 23, 2015) was an American author and playwright. He was born in Los Angeles, California to a family of Italian immigrants. 

He was known for his plays "Chump Change", "Mooch", "86'd" and "Spitting Off Tall Buildings". His father was writer John Fante. He was also the author of "A Gin-Pissing-Raw-Meat-Dual-Carburetor-V8-Son-Of-A-Bitch From Los Angeles", a volume of poetry on Wrecking Ball Press.

Fante died of cancer in Los Angeles, aged 71.


Carlos Oroza

Carlos Oroza (May 13, 1923 – November 20, 2015) was a Spanish poet. He was born in Viveiro. He was known mainly for the interpretation and performance of his own work. He founded Tropos magazine, a magazine about poetry.

Oroza died of heart failure in Madrid, aged 92.

Heinz Oberhummer

Heinz Oberhummer (19 May 1941 – 24 November 2015) was an Austrian physicist and skeptic. He was born in Bischofshofen and raised in Obertauern, Austria. Oberhummer was professor emeritus of Theoretical Physics at the Atominstitut of the Vienna University of Technology. His main research area was nucleosynthesis.

Oberhummer died of pneumonia in Vienna, Austria, aged 74.


Lennart Hellsing

Paul Lennart Hellsing (5 June 1919 – 25 November 2015) was a Swedish writer and translator. His lasting contribution as a children's writer, Helsing was a finalist in 2010 for the biennial, international Hans Christian Andersen Award, the highest recognition available to creators of children's books. He was born in Västanfors, Sweden. He was known for his rhymes and word plays. He was thought to be an "outstanding poet" in the field of humour and nonsense writing.

Hellsing died at his home in Stockholm, Sweden of pneumonia on the night of 25 November 2015 surrounded by his family, aged 96.


James Mackay, Baron Mackay of Clashfern

James Peter Hymers Mackay, Baron Mackay of Clashfern, (born 2 July 1927) is a British advocate. He served as Dean of the Faculty of Advocates, Lord Advocate, and Lord Chancellor (1987–1997). He is an active member of the House of Lords.

Mackay was born in Edinburgh, United Kingdom.


Albin Chalandon

Albin Chalandon (11 June 1920 in Reyrieux, Ain – 29 July 2020) was a French politician and a former minister. From 1968 and 1972, he was Minister of Public Works. And from 1986 until 1988, he was Minister of Justice.

He died on 29 July 2020, aged 100.

Robert Badinter

Robert Badinter (; born 30 March 1928) is a French criminal law lawyer, university professor, politician and activist of Jewish descent. He is against the death penalty, the abolition of which he successfully sponsored in Parliament in 1981. A member of the Socialist Party (PS), he served as Minister of Justice and then President of the Constitutional Council under François Mitterrand.


Charles Thone

Charles Thone (January 4, 1924 – March 7, 2018) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He served as the 34th Governor of Nebraska serving from January 4, 1979 through January 6, 1983. He lost re-election to Bob Kerrey. Before being governor, Thone represented Nebraska's 1st congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from January 3, 1971 through January 3, 1979.

Thone was born in Hartington, Nebraska. He studied at the University of Nebraska, Lincoln. Thone died on March 7, 2018 in Lincoln, Nebraska of respiratory failure at age 94.


Wayanad

Wayanad district is the 12th District in the state of Kerala in India. Mananthavady, Sulthanbathery, and Vythiri Taluks are all in Wayanad. The name Wayanad comes from Vayal Nadu and it means the land of paddy fields. It is a high, flat land between 700 meters and 2100 meters above sea level. It is in northeaster Kerala, in the Western Ghat mountains. Wayandad is one of the biggest foreign exchange earners in Kerala because it makes money-earning crops like pepper, cardamom, coffee, tea, and other spices.

In ancient times the Vedar Rajas ruled Wayanad. Later the Pazhassi Raja of the Kottayam Royal Dynasty ruled. Then there was a Mysorean invasion. Later, the British took over India, which lasted for 200 years. The British fought the Pazhassi Rajah. When the state of Kerala started in 1956, Wayanad was part of the Cannannore district. In 1957, south Wayanad was added to Kozhikode district and north Wayanad stayed with Cannannore district. The district was formed on 1 November 1980 as the 12th district in Kerala by carving out areas from Kozhikode and Kannur districts. 

According to the 2011 census Wayanad district had a population of 816,558. Many Adivasi people live in Wayanad. Many settlers also live in Wayanad. People came to Wayanad from almost all the other parts of Kerala because the farmland is good. Wayanad has a small Jain community made of Gowders who came from Karnataka. They built temples all over the district. There are also many different kinds of Christians living in Wayanad. One fourth of the population of Wayanad is Christian. Another fourth of the population is Muslims, and the rest of the people are Hindus. The entire Wayanad region fell under the Kannada speaking area as per the linguistic survey and history of Colonel Wilks.

Universal Children's Day

Universal Children's Day is an annual celebration of children's rights. It is celebrated on the 20th of November each year.

On the 14th of December 1954, the United Nations General Assembly recommended that countries celebrate a Universal Children's Day. The date 20 November marks the day on which the assembly adopted the Declaration of the Rights of the Child. On 20 November 1959 they adopted the Convention on the Rights of the Child. 

According to UNICEF millions of children in the world are victims of violence every year. In addition to violence, these children are subject to abuse, neglect and exploitation. This is at home, at work, at school and in the community. It also takes place during wars and natural disasters. Many forms of abuse including corporal punishment and sexual abuse remain legal in many countries. It also remains socially acceptable in many places. 

Many children around the world live in poor conditions. They do not have access to education or health care. Other children are subject to violence and child labor. Universal Children's Day is celebrated to promote the wellbeing of children everywhere.

The Declaration of the Rights of the Child and The Convention on the Rights of the Child describe children's rights. Children's rights include the right to survive and thrive, to be educated, to be free from violence and abuse, to participate and to be heard.

Robert McCormick Adams Jr.

Robert McCormick Adams Jr. (July 23, 1926 – January 27, 2018) was an American anthropologist and archaeologist. He was Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution from 1984 to 1994. He has worked in both the Near East and Mesoamerica. He was best known for his research in Iraq.

Adams, Jr. died on January 27, 2018 in Chula Vista, California at the age of 91.

G. Wayne Clough

Gerald Wayne Clough (born September 24, 1941) is an American educator and engineer. He was the President Emeritus of the Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech) and Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution (2008-2015). He retired in October 2014. A graduate of Georgia Tech in civil engineering, he was the first alumnus to serve as President of the Institute.


Guy Lewis

Guy Vernon Lewis, II (March 19, 1922 – November 26, 2015) was an American basketball player and coach. He served as the head men's basketball coach at the University of Houston from 1956 to 1986. He was born in Arp, Texas.

Lewis led his Houston Cougars to five appearances in the Final Four of the NCAA Tournament, in 1967, 1968, 1982, 1983, and 1984. He was inducted into National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame in 2007 and the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2013.

Lewis died on the morning of November 26, 2015 at his home in Kyle, Texas from complications following a stroke he suffered about 10 years ago. He was 93 years old.

Tex Winter

Morice Fredrick "Tex" Winter (February 25, 1922 – October 10, 2018) was an American retired basketball coach, and innovator of the triangle offense. He was born in Wellington, Texas. 

Winter served as an assistant coach to the Chicago Bulls from the 1985-86 season through the 1998-99 season, during which time the team won six NBA championships. Most of this time was spent working with head coach Phil Jackson, starting from the 1987-88 season. He also went with Jackson to the Los Angeles Lakers for five seasons, from 1999 to 2004, winning another three NBA championships. 

Winter had previously head coached the Houston Rockets during the 1971-72 and 1972-73 seasons.

Winter died on October 10, 2018 from complications of a stroke in Manhattan, Kansas at the age of 96.

Johnny Bach

John William "Johnny" Bach (July 10, 1924 – January 18, 2016) was an American former professional basketball player and coach. Bach played college basketball at Fordham University and Brown University. He was born in Brooklyn, New York City.

He was selected by the Boston Celtics in the 1948 Basketball Association of America (BAA) Draft, and played 24 games for the Celtics. He coached the Golden State Warriors from 1983 through 1986. He became the assistant coach for the Chicago Bulls from 1986 through 2003. He retired in 2006.

Bach died on January 18, 2016 in Chicago, Illinois at the age of 91.


Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium

Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium I is a greatest hits album by American musician Stevie Wonder. It was released on May 4, 1982 by Tamla. It is Wonder's second greatest hits album as his first one "Looking Back" had been released five years before it.

All songs written by Stevie Wonder except "Front Line" by Wonder and Gary Byrd. Arrangements and all vocals and instruments by Wonder except as indicated.





The Woman in Red (soundtrack)

The Woman in Red: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the second soundtrack album released by American musician Stevie Wonder on the Motown label on August 28, 1984. Wonder's first soundtrack album "Stevie Wonder's Journey through the Secret Life of Plants" had been released five years before "The Woman in Red".

"The Woman in Red" received positive reviews from critics.

All songs written by Stevie Wonder, except "It's More Than You" by Ben Bridges.


Smoke detector

A smoke sensor or smoke detector is a device that can detect smoke, which may be an indicator of a fire. There are two basic systems: Simple, standalone sensors usually make a sound or flash a light when they detect smoke. More sophisticated sensors usually send a signal to an fire alarm panel, or system. Most smoke detectors use either an optical sensor, or they use a physical process called ionization. Many simple smoke sensors use batteries. Very often dead batteries are not replaced; when this happens, the smoke sensors stop working. But, the detector may "chirp" when the battery is low to try and stop this from happening. There are also systems which are directly connected to electrical power; these may use batteries just as a backup.

Smoke detectors are housed in plastic enclosures, typically shaped like a disk about in diameter and thick, but shape and size vary. Smoke can be detected either optically (photoelectric) or by physical process (ionization); detectors may use either, or both, methods. Sensitive alarms can be used to detect, and thus deter, smoking in areas where it is banned. Smoke detectors in large commercial, industrial, and residential buildings are usually powered by a central fire alarm system, which is powered by the building power with a battery backup. Domestic smoke detectors range from individual battery-powered units, to several interlinked mains-powered units with battery backup; with these interlinked units, if any unit detects smoke, all trigger even if household power has gone out.

Photoelectric smoke detectors rely on detecting a lack of light to set the alarm off. The light used could be infrared, visible light, or ultraviolet. When smoke blocks out the light inside a photoelectric smoke detector, the smoke detector detects that there is less light. Below a certain brightness, whether or not it comes from smoke or not, the photoelectric smoke detector will beep.

Ionization smoke detectors use radioactive elements to ionize the air. Alpha particles are released from the radioactive element onto air particles so that those air particles become charged. An ionization smoke detector will detect smoke if there is a change in voltage. If smoke enters the smoke detector, some of the alpha particles will attach to the smoke instead of the air particles. This will change the voltage inside the smoke detector, so the smoke detector will beep.

Ionization smoke detectors are cheaper than photoelectric smoke detectors, but they cause more false alarms than photoelectric smoke detectors. Additionally, ionization smoke detectors are slower to react in real house fires.

In Square Circle

In Square Circle is the twentieth studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder. It was released on September 13, 1985 by Tamla. It is his first studio since 1980's "Hotter Than July".

All songs written, produced and arranged by Stevie Wonder.



Characters (Stevie Wonder album)

Characters is the twenty-first studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder released on November 6, 1987 by Motown. He performed a song on the album called "Get It" with R&B singer-songwriter Michael Jackson.

"Characters" received generally positive reviews from critics.

All songs written by Stevie Wonder except where noted.

Jungle Fever (soundtrack)

Jungle Fever a soundtrack album by American musician Stevie Wonder to Spike Lee's movie "Jungle Fever". It was released by Motown Records on May 28, 1991. It is Wonder's third soundtrack album and the music on the album was very "urban" as they had influences from new jack swing, hip hop as well as R&B and soul.

"Jungle Fever" received mixed reviews from critics. While some thought it was unappealing, others said it was his best work in years. A critic said he hadn't so freewilling since Hotter Than July.

All songs written by Stevie Wonder, except "Chemical Love", lyrics by Stephanie Andrews.


Triatominae

The members of Triatominae are a subfamily of Reduviidae. They are also called kissing bugs, conenose bugs, assassin bugs or triatomines. There are more than 130 species in this subfamily. Most of them feed on vertebrate blood. A few species feed on other invertebrates. They are mainly found in the Americas. There are a few species in Asia, Australia and Africa. 

Some of the bugs carry the Chagas disease parasite "Trypanosoma cruzi". However, only those species (such as "Triatoma infestans" and Rhodnius prolixus) well adapted to living with humans are considered important vectors.

Donald Crisp

Donald Crisp (born George William Crisp, 27 July 188225 May 1974) was an English-born American actor, director, producer and screenwriter. He began his career as a silent movie actor. He won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1942 for his role in "How Green Was My Valley".


Martin Karplus

Martin Karplus (born March 15, 1930) is an Austrian-born American theoretical chemist. He is the Theodore William Richards Professor of Chemistry, emeritus at Harvard University. He is also Director of the Biophysical Chemistry Laboratory. He is of Jewish descent.

Karplus received the 2013 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, together with Michael Levitt and Arieh Warshel, for "the development of multiscale models for complex chemical systems".


Ezzatolah Entezami

Ezzatolah Entezami (, June 21, 1924 – August 17, 2018) was an Iranian actor. He was born in Tehran, Iran. His first role was as Masht Hassan in the 1969 movie "The Cow". He later appeared in many movies such as "Mr. Naive", "Hamoun", and in "40 Years Old". He also appeared in the television series "Hezar Dastan".

Entezami died in Tehran on August 17, 2018 from complications of a stroke at the age of 94.


Mohammad-Ali Keshavarz

Mohamad Ali Keshavarz (, April 15, 1930 – June 14, 2020) was an Iranian movie and theater actor. He was born in Isfahan, Iran. He was known for his role in the television series "Hezar Dastan". He also appeared in movies such as "Shabe Quzi", "Mr. Naive", and in "Del Shodegan".

Keshavarz died from a lung infection on June 14, 2020 in Tehran, aged 90.


Jamshid Mashayekhi

Jamshid Mashayekhi (, 26 November 1934 – 2 April 2019) was an Iranian actor. He was born in Tehran, Iran. Mashayekhi was known for his roles in "The Cow", "Kaiser", and in "Adobe and Mirror". He appeared in the television series "Hezar Dastan".

Mashayekhi died on 2 April 2019 at a hospital in Tehran from pneumonia complicated by laryngeal cancer, aged 84.

Hezar Dastan

Hezar Dastan or Hezār Dastān () was a very popular Iranian television series that ran from 1979 through 1987. It is considered toto be one of the greatest television series in Iran. It is set in a fictional town in Iran called "Hezar Dastan". It was directed by Ali Hatami. It stars Ezzatolah Entezami, Jamshid Mashayekhi, Mohammad-Ali Keshavarz and Ali Nassirian.

Ali Nassirian

Ali Nassirian (, born 4 February 1935) is an Iranian movie and theater actor. He was born in Tehran, Iran. His career began in 1947 and would last until his retirement in 2008. Nassirian was known for his role in the popular Iranian television series "Hezar Dastan" (1979-1987). He also appeared in movies such as "The Mandrake" (1975), "Kamalolmolk" (1983), "Captain Khorshid" (1987), and "Iron Island" (2005). 

Sterling Holloway

Sterling Price Holloway Jr. (January 4, 1905 – November 22, 1992) was an actor from Georgia who appeared in over 100 films and 40 television shows. He was also a voice actor for The Walt Disney Company, well known for his distinctive tenor voice and is perhaps best remembered as the original voice of Winnie the Pooh in the Winnie the Pooh franchise and as Mr. Stork in "Dumbo", Adult Flower in "Bambi", the Cheshire Cat in "Alice in Wonderland", Kaa in "The Jungle Book", and Roquefort in "The Aristocats".




Ghana National Farmers' Day

Ghana National Farmers' Day is a national holiday in the Republic of Ghana. It is an annual celebration of farmers and fishermen, celebrated on the first Friday of December.

Every year, Ghana acknowledges farmers and fishermen's efforts for the following reasons:

On National Farmers' Day, the Ministry of Food and Agriculture in Ghana gives special awards to deserving farmers and fishermen based on their practices and output. Also, a National Farmers Forum takes place for award winners to meet with policy makers.

Agriculture is essential for African growth. It employs 65 percent of Africa's labor force and accounts for 32 percent of gross domestic product.

Secession in China

The People's Republic of China and the Republic of China insist they each have sole legitimacy of China against each other. Practically, the former is administering Mainland China and the two special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau and the latter is administering the Taiwan area.

Inner Mongolia

Tibet Autonomous Region

Xinjiang Autonomous Region

Hong Kong

Taiwan

In the perspective of the laws of the Republic of China, the Taiwan Independence movement is considered as "secessionism", but practically, the movement seeks to "replace" the ROC with the Republic of Taiwan because Taiwan area is the only practical region administered by the ROC.

In the perspective of the laws of the People's Republic of China, the Taiwan Independence movement is considered as "secessionism", too because the PRC considers the Taiwan area as its integral part as a rogue province.


Balawaristan National Front (Naji)

The Balawaristan National Front is a Pakistani political party in Gilgit-Baltistan. It was formed on December 28, 1989 under the Chairmanship of Nawaz Khan Naji. It was reorganized in July 30 1993. In 1947 at the time of Independence of Pakistan the people of the area were mostly Shia Muslims. However over the years the ethnic composition has changed. Sunni Kashmiri and other Pakistanis have settled in this area leading to discontent - although Shias remain the outright majority. A 2008 report by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said that Pakistan-administered Kashmir, which included Gilgit-Baltistan, was 'Not Free'. In 2009 as part of the "Gilgit-Baltistan Empowerment and Self-Governance Order Act of 2009", the region was granted self-rule for the first time with an elected legislature in its history. The Republic of India says that Gilgit-Baltistan is a part of the former Princely state of Kashmir and Jammu and an 'integral part' of India. It regards the disputed region as Indian territory.

MAD (TV series)

Mad was an American sketch comedy animated television series produced by Warner Bros. Animation. The series was based on Mad magazine. Each episode is a collection of short animated parodies of television shows, movies, games, celebrities etc. The humor is both witty and juvenile appealing mostly to tween and teen boys.

It uses various types of animation (CGI, claymation, stop-motion, etc.) instead of the usual animation style that Warner Bros. Animation is known for. The series premiered on the evening of September 6, 2010 on Cartoon Network. The series ended its 4-year run after airing 103 episodes. The series has an age rating of TV-MA.


Outstanding Short Format Animated Program for "Kitchen Nightmares Before Christmas / How I Met Your Mummy" (Nominated).

Best Animated Series (Nominated)

Ethan Suplee

Ethan Suplee (born May 25, 1976) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Frankie "The Enforcer" Stechino in Boy Meets World and Randy Hickey in My Name Is Earl. Suplee was born in Manhattan, the son of Debbie and Bill Suplee.

Zenit Kazan

VC Zenit-Kazan (Russian: Зенит-Казань) (formerly "Dinamo Tattransgaz Kazan") is a professional volleyball team based in Kazan, Russia. It plays in the Russian Volleyball Super League (7-time champion). The team won the 2007–08, 2011–12 and 2014–15 CEV Champions League titles.

The club was founded on 13 May 2000.


Volleyball World Championship

The FIVB Volleyball World Championship is an international men's and women's indoor volleyball competition. It is the oldest and most important of all the international events organised by the FIVB and must not be confused with the World Cup, World Grand Champions Cup, or the World League/World Grand Prix.


21 (disambiguation)

21 was a year in the 1st century AD.

21 might also mean:

19 (disambiguation)

19 was a year in the 1st century.

19 might also mean:

25 (disambiguation)

25 was a year in the first century.

25 might also mean:

1944 United States presidential election

The 1944 United States presidential election was the 40th election in the history of the United States. It happened on November 7, 1944. Incumbent President Franklin D. Roosevelt (FDR) won over Republican Thomas E. Dewey in the general election. In the Electoral College, Roosevelt won 432 votes while Dewey won 99. Roosevelt, a Democrat, won an unprecedented fourth term as president.

The election was held during the latter part of World War II. By this time the war was going well for the United States and its Allies. Roosevelt had already served longer than any other president, but remained popular. Unlike in 1940, there was little doubt that he would run for another term as the Democratic candidate, as his health was failing. Dewey, the Governor of New York, campaigned against the New Deal and for a smaller government. But he could not convince the country to change course. Roosevelt's aides covered up the fact the president was in poor health. Roosevelt would die in office three months after starting his fourth term. His Vice President, Harry S. Truman, would serve out the remainder of his term of office.

The Republicans campaigned against the New Deal. They wanted a smaller government and less-regulated economy. Roosevelt's continuing popularity was the main theme of his campaign. To quiet rumors of his poor health, Roosevelt insisted on making a vigorous campaign trip in October and rode in an open car through city streets. A high point of the campaign occurred when Roosevelt gave a speech on national radio where he ridiculed Republican claims that his administration was corrupt and wasteful with tax money. He particularly ridiculed a Republican claim that he had sent a US Navy warship to pick up his Scottish Terrier Fala in Alaska. He added that "Fala was furious" at such rumors. The speech was met with loud laughter and applause. In response, Dewey gave a blistering partisan speech in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, a few days later on national radio. He accused Roosevelt of being "indispensable" to corrupt big-city Democratic organizations and American Communists. Dewey also referred to members of Roosevelt's cabinet as a "motley crew". However, the allies had several battlefield successes in Europe and the Pacific during the campaign. These included the liberation of Paris in August 1944 and the successful Battle of Leyte Gulf in the Philippines in October 1944. These were Roosevelt's greatest assets in his campaign.


The 1944 presidential election was a milestone in American politics for two reasons. It was the first time a candidate for president was born in the 20th century. It was the last time Democrats carried every state in the southern United States. The election had at least one other long-reaching effect. It led to the 1951 passing of the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution. It prohibits anyone from serving more than two terms as president of the United States.

Junagadh State

Junagadh was a princely state in Gujarat ruled by Muslim rulers in British India until it became part of India in 1948.

Mohammad Sher Khan Babi, a Babi Khel Pathan who owed allegiance to the Mughal governor of Gujarat subah, founded the state of Junagadh. It declared independence in 1730 after the Marathas Gaikwad invasion. Muhammad Sher Khan Babi, was the founder of the Babi Dynasty of Junagadh State dynasty. His descendants, the Babi Nawabs of Junagadh, took large territories in southern Saurashtra and ruled over the state for the next two centuries. First they were a tributary state of Marathas. Later they were under the rule of the British Raj.

In 1807 the Junagadh State became a British protectorate. The East India Company took control of the state by 1818. The Saurashtra area, with other princely states of Kathiawar, were separately administered under Kathiawar Agency by British India.

On 15 August 1947 upon the independence of India, the Nawab of Junagarh decided to merge it into newly formed Pakistan. The Indian government maintained the people of Junagadh should decide. Pakistan waited until 13 September to respond saying they accepted Junagarh's acceptance of Pakistani rule. This caused a general revolt among the Hindu majority of Junagadh as well as protest movements in the surrounding states that had acceded to join India. The Nawab then occupied territory in several of those states claiming he had rule over them. When the Indian government sent a small force to restore order, the Nawab fled to Pakistan. His Dewan (Prime minister) agreed to rule by India. This resulted in the integration of Junagadh into India.

The Nawabs of Junagadh belonged to Pathan Babi khel tribe. They were granted a 13 gun salute by the British authorities:

Many in Pakistan still maintains the 1948 plebiscite and rule by India was an illegitimate action. One of the reasons is because Kashmir at the time was ruled by a Hindu but had a clear Muslim majority. By acceding to India it was the opposite of the situation in Junagadh.

For its part India knew Junagadh was the premier state in the western Kathiawar region. It was bound on three sides by states that acceded to India. On the fourth side was bounded by the Arabian Sea. This gave it great strategic importance to both countries. India was not prepared to accept Junagadh's acceding to Pakistan. This would create a Pakistan state in the middle of Indian states. India's taking administrative control of Junagadh to restore order is seen as a pretext by Pakistan. The referendum taken by the people of Junagadh, under the control of the Indian army, was overwhelmingly in favor of Indian rule. Pakistan has never accepted this vote by the people there and believes Junagadh rightly belongs to them.

Pakistan's government has maintained its territorial claim on Junagadh, along with Manavadar and Sir Creek in Gujarat, on its official political map issued on 4th August 2020.


Nordertor

The Nordertor (Danish: "Nørreport") is an old town gate of the city of Flensburg. The gate was built around 1595. Today, the little landmark is in use as a symbol for the German town Flensburg.

In 1345 the town of Flensburg began to build its town wall. A gate was built on the north side of the town. It was called "Norder Porte". It was replaced by a building in the 16th century called the Nordertor. This marked the northern boundary of the town. It was a checkpoint that was closed in the night.

On the north side of the gate are two plaques. The left one shows the royal coat of arms of King Christian IV, 1577-1648 and the Latin words: „Regna Firmat Pietas“ — Piety strengthens the Realms. The right one shows the coat of arms of Flensburg with the German words: „Friede ernährt, Unfrieden verzehrt“ — Peace nurtures, strife devours. There is also a date- 1767. This means that the town gate was restored in the time of Christian VII, 1749-1808.

After 1796 the town grew beyond the town wall. There had been a ban on building outside the wall before then. The Neustadt ("Newtown"), in the neighborhood of the Nordertor was built. In 1913 and 1914 it was restored by the architect Paul Ziegler. The Nordertor got a clock. In 1966 the Deutsche Bundespost made a stamp with a picture of the gate on it. It was a 30 Pfennig stamp, used to send letters within Germany. The Nordertor stamps were sold over 3 billion times. In the 1990s the gate was again restored and the clock was removed. In 2004 the gate was licensed as a venue for civil weddings, so that the weddings could be performed since then directly above the archway of the gate.

Ship's cat

A ship's cat is a cat that rides along on a ship. Ship's cats have been very popular in history, and date back to ancient times.

Cats have been carried on ships for many reasons - most importantly, to catch mice and rats. On a ship, these rodents can damage ropes and wooden parts of the ship. Once electricity was discovered, rodents would also damage ships' electrical wiring. Also, rodents threatened the ship's cargo - the things it carried. Rodents would eat the food carried to feed the crew. If the ship was carrying things like grain as part of its cargo, rodents could also cause the ship to lose money by eating the cargo. Also, rats and mice spread disease, which is dangerous for ships that are at sea for long periods of time. For example, rat fleas can carry plague, and rats on ships may have been one of the main reasons why the Black Death spread.

Cats naturally attack and kill these rodents. Cats also have a natural ability to get used to new surroundings, so they could get used to serving on ships. They also offered companionship (friendship), a sense of home and security, and lifted sailors' spirits. This was helpful to sailors who could be away from home for long periods, especially in times of war.

Cats were probably domesticated about 9,500 years ago. Not long after that, people began taking cats aboard boats and ships. The Ancient Egyptians took cats on board Nile boats to catch birds in the thickets along the riverbanks. The ancient Egyptians also carried cats on trading ships to control rodents. Traders from other areas soon started doing the same thing. This led to the spread of cats throughout the world. Cats eventually reached nearly all parts of the world that could be reached by ship. Phoenician cargo ships are thought to have brought the first domesticated cats to Europe in about 900 BC.

Cats in Ancient Egypt were worshipped as deities (powerful spirits). For many centuries, cats have had a reputation as magical animals. Many sailors believed myths and superstitions about cats. Cats were thought of as smart, lucky animals. Sailors usually took very good care of their ship's cats to keep them happy. Some sailors believed that six-toed cats were better at catching pests. They may have thought that extra toes give a cat better balance, which would be important when at sea. In some places, all six-toed cats became known as "ship's cats".

Cats were believed to have miraculous powers that could protect ships from dangerous weather. Sometimes, fishermen's wives would keep black cats at home too. They believed that these cats would use their special powers to protect their husbands at sea. Many sailors believed that it was lucky if a cat came up to a sailor on deck, but unlucky if it came only halfway and then turned around. Another popular belief was that cats could start storms through magic stored in their tails. Other sailors also believed that if a ship's cat fell or was thrown overboard, a terrible storm would come and sink the ship, and if the ship was able to survive, it would be cursed with nine years of bad luck. Still other sailors thought that if a cat licked its fur against the grain, it meant a hail storm was coming; if it sneezed, rain was coming; and if it was frisky, wind was coming.

Some of these beliefs are partly true. Cats can notice slight changes in the weather, because of their very sensitive inner ears. (Their inner ears also allow cats to land on their feet when falling.) Cats often get nervous and restless when they sense low atmospheric pressure, which often comes before stormy weather.

Blackie was HMS "Prince of Wales"'s ship's cat. He became famous during the Second World War. Blackie's ship, "Prince of Wales", carried Prime Minister Winston Churchill across the Atlantic Ocean to Naval Station Argentia in Newfoundland in August 1941. There, Churchill secretly met with the United States President Franklin D. Roosevelt, and the two signed the Atlantic Charter. But as Churchill started to leave "Prince of Wales", Blackie came up to him. Churchill bent down to say goodbye to Blackie, and the moment was photographed and reported in the world media. In honour of the success of the visit, Blackie was renamed Churchill. Blackie survived the sinking of HMS "Prince of Wales" later that year and was taken to Singapore with the survivors. He could not be found when Singapore was evacuated the following year and nobody knows what happened to him (though there is a chance he may have died by then).

Chibbley was the ship's cat aboard the tall ship "Picton Castle". She was rescued from an animal shelter. She circumnavigated the world - sailed all the way around it - five times. Because "Picton Castle"’ was a training ship, Chibbley had many visitors. She became a celebrity, and people even sent her fan mail. Chibbley died on November 10, 2011, in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia. She had sailed over 180,000 miles at sea.

Convoy was the ship's cat aboard HMS "Hermione". He was named "Convoy" because he often went with the ship on convoy escort duties (where the ship would sail with a group of other ships for protection). Like the ship's sailors, Convoy was listed in the ship's book, and given a full kit, including a tiny hammock where he would sleep. He was killed along with 87 of his crew mates when "Hermione" was torpedoed and sunk on 16 June 1942 by German submarine U-205.

Emmy was the ship's cat on RMS "Empress of Ireland". She was an orange tabby cat who never missed a voyage. However, on 28 May 1914, Emmy tried to escape the ship. The crew could not get her to return to the ship, and "Empress of Ireland" left without her. This was thought to be a very bad sign. Early the next morning, "Empress of Ireland" ran into SS "Storstad" while sailing through fog at the mouth of the St. Lawrence River. "Empress of Ireland" sank quickly, killing over 1,000 people.

Felix was the ship's cat aboard "Mayflower II" when she set sail from Devon, England, to Plymouth, Massachusetts, in 1957. The goal of this voyage was to show cooperation between the UK and the US after World War II. Felix was given his own life jacket for the trip. During the voyage, he broke one of his paws. The paw was set by the ship's doctor. After Felix returned to the US, photos and stories about him appeared in "National Geographic" magazine, "Life" magazine, and "Yankee" magazine. The cat and the rest of the crew marched in a New York ticker tape parade and toured the East Coast that summer. Felix was eventually adopted by the cabin boy's girlfriend, Ann Berry, and settled in Waltham, Massachusetts. The captain of the Mayflower II wrote a children's book about Felix called "Felix and his Mayflower II Adventures". The book was published during the celebration of the ship's fiftieth anniversary at Plimoth Plantation.

Mrs. Chippy was the ship's cat aboard "Endurance", the ship used by Sir Ernest Shackleton for his Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition. (The Expedition's goal was to cross the Antarctic by land.) After about a month, the crew realized that "Mrs. Chippy" was actually a male cat. However, by then, everyone was used to the name "Mrs. Chippy," and kept using it.

The ship became lost, trapped and then crushed in pack ice. At that point, Shackleton ordered his men to shoot the sled dogs and Mrs. Chippy, because he did not think they could survive.

Simon was the ship's cat of HMS "Amethyst" during the Yangtze Incident in 1949, during the Chinese Civil War. During the Yangtze Incident, the HMS "Amethyst" was attacked and was trapped on the Yangtze River for months. The ship and its crew were badly hurt in the attacks on the ship. These attacks killed 25 of "Amethyst"’s crew, including the commanding officer. Simon was also hurt in the attacks, but soon he recovered. He started killing rats again, which was very important since the rodents had been destroying the ship. Simon also did the important job of keeping up the crew's spirits.

After the "Amethyst" finally escaped the Yangtze River and returned to Britain, Simon was given the rank of 'Able Seacat' Simon. He became a celebrity. However, not long after he returned to Britain, he died from an infection. Many people sent tributes to honor Simon, and his obituary appeared in "The Times" (an important newspaper in London). After Simon's death, he was awarded the Dickin Medal. He is the only cat ever to earn this award. Simon was also buried with full naval honors.

Trim sailed on many ships commanded by Matthew Flinders during 1801-1803. These ships' goals were to circumnavigate (sail all the way around) Australia, and also to create maps of its coastline. Trim became a favourite of the crew, and was the first cat to circumnavigate Australia. Trim stayed with Flinders until Trim's death. A statue to Trim was later built in his honor. It sits on a window sill on the outside of the State Library, in Sydney, Australia. There have also been many books written about Trim.

U-boat was another ship's cat aboard a Royal Navy ship in the Second World War. Whenever his ship came into port, U-boat would take shore leave (he would leave the ship to do things on shore). He would spend days on shore, and usually would return only just before his ship sailed away. One day, U-boat did not return in time for roll call and his ship was forced to sail away without him. As the ship pulled away, U-boat was seen running down the dock after the sailing ship. He made a death-defying leap onto the ship and made it aboard. The crew thought that he seemed unafraid by what had just happened, and calmly started to wash himself on deck. The crew members were very happy that U-boat had come back, since they thought he brought them good luck.

Oscar was the ship's cat of the German battleship "Bismarck". When "Bismarck" was sunk on 27 May 1941, only 116 sailors out of over 2,200 survived. Oscar was picked up by the destroyer HMS "Cossack". "Cossack" herself was torpedoed and sunk on 24 October, 1941. 159 sailors were killed, but Oscar again survived to be rescued, and was taken to Gibraltar. He became the ship's cat of HMS "Ark Royal". Then this ship, too, was torpedoed and sunk in November of 1941. Oscar was again rescued, and it was decided that it was time for him to have a home on land. By now, Oscar had been renamed "Unsinkable Sam." He was given a new job as mouse-catcher in the Governor General of Gibraltar's office buildings. He eventually returned to the UK and spent the rest of his life at the 'Home for Sailors'. A portrait of him hangs in the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich.

Starting in 1975, the Royal Navy no longer allowed cats or any other pets to ride on any Royal Navy ships. This rule was created because of concern about hygiene (cleanliness).

Cats still ride on many private ships today. For example, "Toolbox" is a ship's cat who rides on the second "Kalmar Nyckel".

American sailor Robin Lee Graham sailed with many cats on his ships "Dove" and "Return of Dove", while he was trying to circumnavigate the world by himself (starting in 1965).


Calendula officinalis

Calendula officinalis (pot marigold, ruddles, common marigold, garden marigold), is a plant in the genus "Calendula" of the family Asteraceae. It is probably native to India. It was the state flower of Junagadh and Bantva-Manavadar State, now part of Gujarat.

Pot marigold florets are edible. They are often used to add colour to salads or added to dishes as a garnish instead of saffron.
The leaves are edible but are often not palatable. They have been used as a herb and in salads.

The flowers were used in Ancient Greek, Roman, Middle Eastern, and Indian cultures as a medicinal herb and a dye for fabrics, foods, and cosmetics. They are also used to make oil that protects the skin.

Norbert Gastell

Norbert Gastell (14 October 1929 – 26 November 2015) was an Argentine-born German voice actor who mostly dubbed American television shows into the German language. He was known for dubbing Homer Simpson. Gastell was born in Buenos Aires.

Gastell died in Munich, Germany from complications following a stroke, aged 86.


Luc Bondy

Luc Bondy (17 July 194828 November 2015) was a Swiss theatre and movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Zurich, Switzerland. He was the director of the most recent version of "Tosca", by Puccini, at the Metropolitan Opera in New York.

Bondy died in Zurich at the age of 67. 

Nymphaea nouchali

Nymphaea nouchali, (or red and blue water-lily, blue star water-lily, or star lotus) is an aquatic flowering plant in the Nymphaeaceae (water-lily family). It is native to southern and eastern Asia.

"N. nouchali" grows from rhizomes or tubers rooted under the water. Leaves are oval to round, 13–15 cm (5–6 in), with an open sinus at the leaf base where it attaches to the petiole (leaf stem). Leaves may spread 1.4–1.5 m (4–5 feet) from where the rhizome is rooted. Flowers, which have little fragrance, are star-shaped with 4 sepals and 10–16 petals, and are 5–13 cm (2–5 in) in diameter. Although leaves float on the water surface, flowers are generally held 30 cm (12 in) above water. They are usually pale blue (but can be pink or white) with pale yellow stamens and anthers. 

"N. nouchali" has been cultivated in southeast Asia for centuries, especially around temples. It is also cultivated in Sri Lanka and gathered from dried ponds in the Republic of India for the rhizomes, which are used as food and animal fodder as a source of starch. In Ayurvedic medicine, it is used to treat indigestion.

Cultivars include N. stellata var. cyanea, which has medium-sized pale to deep blue flowers, and N. stellata var. versicolor, which is commonly exported in the form of tubers from Sri Lanka to Europe and the U.S. for use in the aquariums; the tubers grow quickly after exposure to warm water, making an “instant” aquarium plant.

"N. stellata" was the state flower of Hyderabad Deccan. A pale blue-flowered "N. stellatai" is the National flower of Sri Lanka, where it is known as "nil mānel" or "nil mahanel" (Singhalese:නිල් මානෙල්).

Indian roller

The Indian roller "(Coracias benghalensis)", is a member of the roller family of birds. They are found widely across tropical Asia stretching from Iraq eastward across the Indian subcontinent to Indochina and are best known for the aerobatic displays of the male during the breeding season. They are very commonly seen perched along roadside trees and wires and are commonly seen in open grassland and scrub forest habitats. It is not migratory, but undertakes some seasonal movements.

Nelumbo nucifera

Nelumbo nucifera, also known as the Egyptian bean, sacred lotus, Indian lotus, or simply lotus, is a species of plant in the genus "Nelumbo" sometimes colloquially called a water lily. They float on the surface of the water.

The lotus is often confused with the true water lilies of the genus "Nymphaea".

The flowers are usually found on thick stems rising several centimeters above the leaves. Some cultivated varieties have extraordinary numbers of petals.

A fertilized lotus flower bears fruit that contains a cluster of 10 to 30 seeds. Each seed is ovoid 1–2.5 cm wide by 1–1.5 cm long with a brownish coat.

These plants require a nutrient-rich and loamy soil. The first step is to plough the dry field. One round of manure is applied after ten days, just before flooding the field.

Two to three months after planting, the stolon is now ready to harvest. It must be harvested before flowering.




Philippe Washer

Philippe Washer (; 6 August 1924 – 27 November 2015) was a Belgian tennis player. He competed in the Davis Cup a number of times, from 1946 to 1961. He was born in Brussels, Belgium. Washer retired from tennis in 1961.

Washer died on 27 November 2015 in Knokke, West Flanders, Belgium from heart failure at the age of 91.

Olene S. Walker

Olene Smith Walker (November 15, 1930 – November 28, 2015) was an American politician. She served as the 15th Governor of Utah. She was sworn into office on November 5, 2003, shortly before her 73rd birthday. She became Utah's first female governor. She was a member of the Republican Party.

Walker died from a stroke on November 28, 2015 at her home in Salt Lake City, Utah, aged 85.
Olene walker was born in Ogden in the year of 1930. In the year of 1953 she had graduated from Brigham Young University. Then in the year of 1954 she had graduated from Stanford University with a degree in politics. Then in 2003- 2005 she became Utah's first female governor. When Olene Walker sets a goal she will accomplish. She has set an agenda for herself to complete goals and in fourteen months she complete more goals as governor than most people have in one and a half years. Olene walker has always wanted to make a difference in Utah. She help children develop literacy skills while they were in foster care. Olene walker had her dreams at a young age and when she was a young girl she said she wanted to be a president she never got to that dream but, she said that being a governor did her good.
Olene walkers catch phrase was "You can do anything that you put your heart to.".
She died of a stroke sadly, but will always be remembered.

Gerry Byrne (footballer, born 1938)

Gerald "Gerry" Byrne (29 August 1938 – 28 November 2015) was an English footballer. He spent his entire playing career at Liverpool Football Club, playing from 1953 to 1969. He later played for the England national football team from 1963 to 1966. He was born in Liverpool, England.

Byrne died in at a nursing home in Wrexham, Wales from Alzheimer's disease at the age of 77.

Barbro Hiort af Ornäs

Barbro Hiort af Ornäs (28 August 1921 – 28 November 2015) was a Swedish actress. She was born in Gothenburg, Sweden. She won the Best Actress Award at the 1958 Cannes Film Festival for the movie "Brink of Life". She was also known for her roles in "While the City Sleeps", "All These Women", "The Passion of Anna", and in "The Sense of Marriage". 

Af Ornäs died on November 28, 2015 in Gothenburg from natural causes, aged 94.

Maurice Strong

Maurice F. Strong (April 29, 1929 – November 27, 2015) was a Canadian businessman and diplomat. He represented Canada as Under-Secretary General of the United Nations.

Strong had his start as an entrepreneur in the Alberta oil patch and was President of Power Corporation of Canada until 1966. In the early 1970s he was Secretary General of the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment and then became the first executive director of the United Nations Environment Programme. He returned to Canada to become Chief Executive Officer of Petro-Canada from 1976 to 1978. He was President of the Council of the University for Peace from 1998 to 2006.

Strong was born in Manitoba, Canada. He died at the age of 86 on November 27, 2015.

Nicoletta Machiavelli

Nicoletta Machiavelli (1 August 1944 – 15 November 2015), also known as Nicoletta Rangoni Machiavelli and Nicoletta Macchiavelli, was an Italian-American movie actress. She was born in Ravarino to a Florentine father and American mother. She was known for her works with John Huston and producer Dino De Laurentiis. She was known for her roles in "Navajo Joe" (1966), "Scarabea - wieviel Erde braucht der Mensch?" (1969) and "L'important c'est d'aimer" (1975).

Machiavelli died in Seattle, Washington from an illness, aged 71.


David Canary

David Hoyt Canary (August 25, 1938 – November 16, 2015) was an American movie and television actor. He was best known for his roles as Adam and Stuart Chandler in "All My Children" and as Candy Canady in "Bonanza". He was born in Elwood, Indiana.

Canary died from complications of Alzheimer's disease in Wilton, Connecticut at the age of 77.

Ted Schwinden

Theodore "Ted" Schwinden (August 31, 1925 – October 7, 2023) was an American politician. He served as the 23rd Lieutenant Governor of Montana serving from 1977 through 1981. He later served as the 19th Governor of Montana serving from 1981 through 1989. On October 7, 2023, he died in Phoenix, Arizona, aged 98.

Phil Batt

Philip Eugene Batt (March 4, 1927 – March 4, 2023) was an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was the 29th Governor of Idaho serving from 1995 to 1999. Between 1979 until 1983, Batt was the Lieutenant Governor of Idaho. He was born in Wilder, Idaho
Jacque Batt died on September 7, 2014, after 66 years of marriage. In 2015, at the age of 88, Batt married Francee Riley of Boise.

Batt died on March 4, 2023, the morning of his 96th birthday.


George Nigh

George Patterson Nigh (born June 9, 1927) is an American politician. He served as the 17th and 22nd Governor of Oklahoma serving from January 6, 1963 through January 14, 1963 and then again from January 3, 1979 through January 12, 1987. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in McAlester, Oklahoma.


Robert D. Ray

Robert Dolph Ray (September 26, 1928 – July 8, 2018) was an American politician. He served as the 38th Governor of Iowa serving from January 16, 1969 to January 14, 1983. He was a member of the Republican Party. Ray was born in Des Moines, Iowa.

Ray served as acting Mayor of Des Moines in 1997 and also served as President of Drake University in 1998.

Ray died in Des Moines on July 8, 2018 from Parkinson's disease, aged 89.


Albert Brewer

Albert Preston Brewer (October 26, 1928 – January 2, 2017) was an American politician. He was the 47th Governor of Alabama serving from May 7, 1968, until January 18, 1971. He was a member of the Democratic Party. 

Brewer was born in Bethel Springs, Tennessee. He studied at the University of Alabama. He was married to Martha Farmer from 1950 until her death in 2006. Brewer died on January 2, 2017 in a hospital in Birmingham, Alabama, aged 88.


Robert D. Fulton

Robert David Fulton (born May 13, 1929) is an American politician. He briefly served as the 37th Governor of Iowa during the first 16 days of 1969. He also served as the 38th Lieutenant Governor of Iowa from 1965 to 1969. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Fulton was born in Waterloo, Iowa.

Stan Stephens

Stanley Graham Stephens (September 16, 1929 – April 3, 2021) was an American politician and broadcaster. He served as the 20th Governor of Montana from 1989 until 1993. He was born in Calgary, Alberta. Stephens is a member of the Republican Party.

Stephens died on April 3, 2021 in Kalispell, Montana at the age of 91.


Murphy J. Foster Jr.

Murphy James Foster, Jr., known as Mike Foster (July 11, 1930 – October 4, 2020) was an American politician. He served as the 53rd Governor of Louisiana. He served from January 1996 until January 2004. Foster is a businessman, landowner, and sportsman in St. Mary Parish.

Foster died in Franklin, Louisiana on October 4, 2020 at the age of 90.


Ed Gillespie

Edward Walter "Ed" Gillespie (born August 1, 1961) is an American Republican politician. He served as the 61st Chairman of the Republican National Committee and Counselor to the President during George W. Bush's administration.

Gillespie, along with Democrat Jack Quinn, founded Quinn Gillespie & Associates, a bipartisan lobbying firm. In January 2014, Gillespie announced he was running for Virginia's U.S. Senate seat currently held by Mark Warner in the 2014 election, and on June 7, 2014, he received the Republican nomination.

In October 2015, Gillespie announced his plans to run for Governor of Virginia in 2017. In June 2017, he became the Republican Party's candidate for governor in Virginia's 2017 election, facing Democratic nominee Ralph Northam who later won the election.


Joe Marston

James Edward "Joe" Marston MBE (7 January 1926 – 29 November 2015) was an Australian association football player. He became the first Australian to appear in a FA Cup Final when he turned out for Preston North End in their 1954 defeat to West Bromwich Albion. He was born in Leichhardt, New South Wales, Australia.

Martson's death was announced on 29 November 2015. He was 89 years old.

Fernando de la Rúa

Fernando de la Rúa (15 September 1937 – 9 July 2019) was an Argentine politician. He was president of the country from December 10, 1999 to December 21, 2001. He resigned during the December 2001 riots.

He died of heart and kidney failure in Belén de Escobar, Argentina on 9 July 2019 at the age of 81.


Loretta Lynch

Loretta Elizabeth Lynch (born May 21, 1959) is an American politician. She was the 83rd Attorney General of the United States from April 27, 2015 to January 20, 2017. Before, she served as United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York from 1999 through 2001 and again from 2010 through 2015. 

Lynch was nominated by President Barack Obama on November 8, 2014. Her appointment was confirmed on April 23, 2015 by a 56 to 43 vote. Her nomination process was one of the longest in the history of the United States, taking 166 days after she was first nominated for the post.

Michael Mukasey

Michael Bernard Mukasey
born July 28, 1941)
is an American lawyer and former judge. He served as the 81st Attorney General of the United States. Mukasey was appointed following the resignation of Alberto Gonzales. Mukasey also served for 18 years as a judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, appointed by Ronald Reagan, six of those years as Chief Judge.

William Barr

William Pelham "Bill" Barr (born May 23, 1950) is an American attorney. He was the 85th Attorney General of the United States from February 14, 2019 to December 23, 2020 under the Donald Trump presidency. Before, he was the 77th Attorney General under the George H. W. Bush presidency from 1991 to 1993.

On December 7, 2018, President Donald Trump announced that he would nominate Barr to again serve as Attorney General of the United States. He was confirmed, for a second time, as Attorney General on February 14, 2019, and assumed office later the same day.

On December 14, 2020, Trump announced that Barr would be resigning as attorney general, effective December 23.

Nicholas Katzenbach

Nicholas deBelleville "Nick" Katzenbach (January 17, 1922 – May 8, 2012) was an American lawyer. He was the United States Attorney General during the Lyndon B. Johnson administration. He was Attorney General from February 1965 through October 1966.


Elliot Richardson

Elliot Lee Richardson (July 20, 1920 December 31, 1999) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a member of the cabinet of Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. As U.S. Attorney General, he was a known figure in the Watergate Scandal, and resigned rather than obey President Nixon's order to fire special prosecutor Archibald Cox.

Richardson served as Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare from 1970 to 1973, Secretary of Defense from January to May 1973, Attorney General from May to October 1973, and Secretary of Commerce from 1976 to 1977. That makes him one of only two individuals to have held four Cabinet positions within the United States government (the other such individual being George Shultz).

On December 31, 1999, Richardson died of a cerebral hemorrhage in Boston, Massachusetts, at the age of 79.


Frequency probability

Frequency probability or Frequentism is one of the interpretations of probability theory. Repeating a scientific experiment very often gives a number of results. It is then possible, to count the number of times that a given event happened and compare it to the total number of experiments.

This interpretation of probabiilty was very important for statistics. People who use this interpretation are often called Frequentists. Well-known frequentists include Richard von Mises, Egon Pearson, Jerzy Neyman, R. A. Fisher and John Venn.

Other interpretations of probability are Bayesian probability and Axiomatic probability theory

Satellite navigation

A satellite navigation or satnav system is a way of pinpointing position very exactly.

Satnav uses a system of satellites. The system gives exact positioning. It allows small electronic receivers to find their position (longitude, latitude, and altitude/elevation). The position is given within a few metres using time signals transmitted along a straight line (line of sight) by radio from satellites. The signals also allow the receivers to calculate the current local time to high precision. A satellite navigation system with global coverage may be called a global navigation satellite system (GNSS). Global Positioning System is the biggest and most used GNSS. GLONASS, owned by Russia, is the second biggest. China, India, and the European Union are working on similar systems of their own.

Bad Santa

Bad Santa is a 2003 American Christmas criminal black comedy movie.



Property law

Property law covers two types of property in the common law legal system, real property and personal property. In the civil law system, there is a division between movable and immovable property. Movable property is more or less the same as personal property. It includes money, stocks, notes, copyrights and patents.

The idea behind all property law is property. In some jurisdictions, historically all property was owned by the monarch. Land ownership was through land tenure in feudal systems. The first legal right of absolute ownership was under Roman law and was called "dominion".

The Napoleonic Code was among the first government acts of modern times to introduce the notion of absolute ownership into statute. But protection of personal property rights was present in medieval Islamic law.

Tyler Ritter

Tyler David Ritter (born January 31, 1985) is an American actor best known as the star of "The McCarthys". Ritter is the son of the late John Ritter. He is also the brother of Jason Ritter. He grew up in Los Angeles. Ritter acted in high school plays and student movies, but did not immediately pursue acting professionally. After graduating from the University of Pennsylvania in 2007, he worked for three years as a teacher in Argentina. There he married director Lelia Parma. He returned to Los Angeles and began a career as an actor at age 25. Ritter has had guest roles on "Hot in Cleveland", "Modern Family", "Grey's Anatomy" and "NCIS". He landed the starring role on the 2014 sitcom "The McCarthys", playing Ronny McCarthy, the openly gay son in a family of six.

Super Mario 128

Super Mario 128 refers to a series of development projects that were originally to be used only to create a sequel to "Super Mario 64". As debuted at Nintendo's Space World trade show in 2000, the demonstrated graphics and physics concepts were gradually incorporated into various games across many years. This includes the rapid object generation in "Pikmin", the "sphere walking" technology used in "" and "Super Mario Galaxy", and the physics of "Metroid Prime".

The name "Super Mario 128" was first used as early as January 1997 by Shigeru Miyamoto, as a possible name for a "Super Mario 64" sequel. This rumored expansion and sequel to "Super Mario 64" called "Super Mario 64-2" was said to be developed for the 64DD, but ended up being cancelled due to the 64DD's commercial failure. Shigeru Miyamoto mentioned at E3's 1997 convention that he was "just getting started" on the project.
In November 1999, Shigeru Miyamoto said, "Well, for over a year now at my desk, a prototype program of Mario and Luigi has been running on my monitor. We've been thinking about the game, and it may be something that could work on a completely new game system." The game had only a demo of one level made for it. Miyamoto claimed that multiplayer functionality was the first aspect of the game that he wanted to include.

Autonomic dysreflexia

Autonomic dysreflexia (AD), also called autonomic hyperreflexia, is a medical emergency. 

AD usually happens in people with spinal cord injuries that have caused damage above the sixth thoracic vertebra (T6, which is about at the same level of the armpits). However, AD sometimes happens in people with spinal damage as low as their tenth thoracic vertebra (T10, which is about a few inches above the level of the belly button).

AD can also happen in people with diseases like multiple sclerosis (MS).

Acute AD causes many symptoms. Some are very dangerous. These symptoms include:

Acute AD happens when the involuntary nervous system gets overexcited. The body's fight or flight response kicks in very strongly. 

Scientists think this happens because of afferent nerves. Afferent nerves are supposed to sense things (like touch) and send messages back to the brain and spinal cord so the brain can decide how to react. Scientists think that afferent nerves below the spinal cord injury cause blood pressure to get and stay high, by causing the blood vessels to get smaller. This is part of the fight or flight response.

Anchor Bay Entertainment

Anchor Bay Entertainment was an American home entertainment and production company founded in 1985. It is a division of Starz Media which is a unit of and a joint venture with Starz Inc. which owns 75%. The Weinstein Company owns 25%. It was owned by IDT Entertainment until 2006 when IDT was purchased by Starz Media. Anchor Bay markets and sells feature movies, television series, television specials and short films to consumers worldwide. In 2004, Anchor Bay agreed to have its movies distributed by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment and renewed their deal in 2011.

Anchor Bay also had a movie studio known as Anchor Bay Films which distributed independent theatrical films.

in 2017, Anchor Bay was shut down.

Tomasz Tomczykiewicz

Tomasz Kazimierz Tomczykiewicz (2 March 1961 – 28 November 2015) was a Polish politician. He was elected to the Sejm on September 25, 2005 and again in 2015 for the 8th Sejm. He was also a member of Sejm 2001-2005, Sejm 2005-2007, Sejm 2007-2011. 

Tomczykiewicz was admitted to a hospital on 25 November 2015 due to a kidney disease. He died three days later in Katowice, Poland at the age of 54.

Hugh Hewitt

Hugh Hewitt (born February 22, 1956) is an American radio talk show host. He works with the Salem Radio Network. He is also a lawyer, academic, and author. Hewitt is a conservative and a Catholic, he comments on society, politics, and media bias in the United States. Hewitt is also a law professor at Chapman University School of Law.


Warren, Ohio

Warren is a city in and the county seat of Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. The city is located in northeastern Ohio, approximately northwest of Youngstown and west of the Pennsylvania state line.

The population was 39,201 at the 2020 census. Warren is part of the "Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area".


Eldar Ryazanov

Eldar Alexandrovich Ryazanov (; 18 November 1927 – 30 November 2015) was a Russian movie director and screenwriter. He was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1984. He was born in present day Samara, Russia.

He was known for his movies; "Carnival Night" (1955), "Hussar Ballad" (1962), "Beware of the Car" (1966), "The Irony of Fate" (1975), "Office Romance" (1977), "The Garage" (1979), "A Cruel Romance" (1984), and "Promised Heaven" (1991).

Ryazanov suffered a stroke in 2014. He was rushed to a hospital in Moscow for breathing problems on 21 November, 2015. Ryazanov died there eight days later on the night of 30 November from respiratory and heart failure at the age of 88.


Anatoly Savin

Anatoly Ivanovich Savin (born 6 April 1920 in Ostashkov, Russia - 27 March 2016) was a Russian scientist. He is a specialist in the field of information and control automation systems. He is also a doctor in Technical Science. Savin is the chairman of the Council on the problems of image processing and the scientific director of OJSC.


Norman Jewison

Norman Frederick Jewison, CC, O.Ont (July 21, 1926 – January 20, 2024) was a Canadian movie director, producer, and actor. He was the founder of the Canadian Film Centre. 

He was known for his works; "The Cincinnati Kid" (1965), "The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming" (1966), "In the Heat of the Night" (1967), "The Thomas Crown Affair" (1968), "Fiddler on the Roof" (1971), "Jesus Christ Superstar" (1973), "F.I.S.T" (1978), "...And Justice for All" (1979), "A Soldier's Story" (1984), "Agnes of God" (1985), "Moonstruck" (1987), "Other People's Money" (1991), "The Hurricane" (1999) and "The Statement" (2003). 

Jewison addressed important social and political issues throughout his directing and producing career. This often made him a controversial or complicated figure.

Jewison died at his home in Los Angeles, California on January 20, 2024, at the age of 97.


Mesoamerican pyramids

The Mesoamerican pyramids were pyramids built by native american indians in Central America. They were mostly step pyramids. The Mayan pyramids are an example.

American peoples who have built pyramids include:

There are a number of famous step pyramids whose builders are not known, including the largest of all: the Great Pyramid of Cholula.

Breath sounds

Breath sounds are the sounds made by air as it moves through the respiratory system. Breath sounds are also called lung sounds or respiratory sounds. Sometimes they can be heard by anyone; other times they can be heard only by listening to the lungs and airways with a stethoscope.

To describe and identify breath sounds, medical professionals usually use auscultation (they listen with a stethoscope). They listen while the patient is breathing in, and while they are breathing out. They listen to both lungs, at both the chest and the back, starting at the bottom and working their way up. They listen to whether the pitch of the breath sounds is low, medium or high. They also listen to whether the sounds are soft, medium, loud, or very loud).

There are many kinds of breath sounds that are not normal. These are called adventitious breath sounds. Each different kind of abnormal breath sound is a sign of a different problem. Some of the most common abnormal breath sounds are:

Wheezing is usually high-pitched. It sounds musical, like whistling. Usually, wheezing is heard first when a person is breathing out. If it gets worse, wheezing starts happening when the patient breathes in and out.

Wheezing is caused by the airways being too narrow. This can happen because of diseases like asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD).

If the airways are too narrow, the oxygen the body needs cannot get through. This can become a medical emergency.

There are a few different treatments that can be used for wheezing:

Stridor is a high-pitched sound that usually happens when a person breathes in. It may sound a lot like wheezing. Medical professionals can tell the difference by listening to the throat with a stethoscope. If the sound they hear is louder in the throat, it is stridor, not wheezing.

Stridor is usually caused by something blocking the larynx (voice box). This can happen because:

Like wheezing, stridor can signal a medical emergency if not enough oxygen is able to get through the airways.

Treatment for stridor depends on the cause:

Children are more likely to have stridor because of choking. They are more likely to choke because their airways are smaller. They are also more likely to get childhood infections like croup or epiglottitis that can cause stridor.

Rales are also called fine crackles, because they often sound like a fine crackling noise. They are heard when a person breathes in, on both sides (in both lungs). Rales may also sound like bubbling, rattling, or small clicking sounds.

Rales are heard when a person has fluid in their lungs. This is called pulmonary edema. Pulmonary edema may happen for many reasons, like:

Rales signals pulmonary edema, no matter what is causing that pulmonary edema. When a medical professional listens to the lungs, rales usually start at the bottom of the lungs. As the pulmonary edema gets worse and fluid fills the lungs more, rales can be heard closer and closer to the top of the lungs.

Rhonchi are also called coarse crackles, because they sound like coarse, rattling, crackling sounds. Rhonchi and rales can sound a lot alike. The main differences are:

Rhonchi are usually caused by mucus in the bronchi, the tubes that lead to the lungs. For example, if a person has pneumonia, mucus can build up in their bronchi and the bronchi's airways, and cause rhonchi.

In a healthy person, breath sounds should always sound the same on both sides. This signals that both lungs are working well. If breath sounds cannot be heard in one lung, this can signal a serious problem. It means that air is not getting in and out of that lung.

One of the most common causes of unequal breath sounds is a collapsed lung (pneumothorax). A lung can collapse for many different reasons:

A pneumothorax is often a medical emergency and needs to be treated in a hospital.

Conversation Peace

Conversation Peace is the 22nd album released by American musician Stevie Wonder. It was released on the Motown label in 1995. The album was Wonder's first studio album since 1987's "Characters". The album was going to be released in 1993, which was the last year new jack swing was popular, but Wonder continued to work on the album through to 1995 and the album wasn't contemporary enough to get radio airplay. It had three singles, "For Your Love", "Tomorrow Robins Will Sing" and "Treat Myself".

All songs written and composed by Stevie Wonder, except where noted.

Personnel involved in the album include:




Ridley (Metroid)

Ridley has received a positive critical response from fans and video game publications. Nintendo Power ranked Ridley at #6 on their list of favorite Nintendo villains. Jesse Schedeen of IGN called Ridley the real villain of the "Metroid" series, saying that they would have to include him in a "Metroid" movie because he would be too important to leave out.

Ridley has also appeared in the "Super Smash Bros." series as a boss in "Brawl"'s Subspace Emissary mode and as a boss on the Pyrosphere stage in "Super Smash Bros. for Wii U". He can help the player who damages him enough on the Pyrosphere stage.

Overcome (Alexandra Burke album)

Overcome is the debut studio album by English singer Alexandra Burke. It was released 19 October 2009 on Syco Music. It was released a year after Burke won the British talent show, "The X Factor". It was also re-released in 2010 with a new artwork and three extra songs.

"Overcome" has received mainly positive reviews.

Information taken from "Overcome" liner notes.

(*) signifies co-producer

The deluxe edition track list.

Sulfur cycle

The sulfur cycle is the way sulfur moves between rocks, waterways and living systems.

Sulfur (S) is an element important to ecosystems and the climate. The majority of sulfur is stored underground, for example under the ocean or in rocks. It also occurs naturally in places like swamps (where organisms have decomposed) and volcanoes. Humans add excess sulfur into this cycle, usually through atmospheric pollution caused by fossil fuel combustion.

Sulfur can also be naturally released when volcanoes explode. The hydrological cycle plays a critical role in moving sulfur around.

Humans are responsible for 1/3 of the sulfur in the atmosphere. Sulfur is released by the combustion of fossil fuels, as mentioned above, and is most prevalent as sulfur dioxide. Sulfur is one of the root causes of acid rain along with nitrogen and carbon which negatively affects the environment. Acid rain is created when the HO falls and combines with the Sulfur trioxide to create Sulfuric acid. Sulfuric acid is also used in most fertilizers and so can be introduced into the water cycle from runoff off of nearby farms into rivers and lakes. This causes eutrophication and algal blooms, and so reduced the Dissolved oxygen and biodiversity in that water system. Sulfur in the atmosphere as sulfur dioxide also absorbs radiation, however which keeps the earth's surface cooler and combats some of the effects of global warming.

Flag of Azad Kashmir

The State flag of Azad Jammu and Kashmir traditionally displays the Pakistani national colours, white and dark Green, with a Crescent and star to represent the Muslim-majority all of which shows its Islamic heritage and strong ties with the Federation of Pakistan. It also has a saffron square to represent the Buddhist, Hindu, Sikh and other minorities of the disputed region, the colours are clearly influenced by the Mughal Empire. The four white stripes symbolizes the main rivers of the Kashmir region; Indus (National River of Pakistan), Jhelum, Chenab and Ravi. It also represents the five geographic divisions of the Disputed territory, namely, Baltistan, Gilgit, Jammu, the Kashmir Valley and Ladakh.


Deaths in December 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in December 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Oʻtkir Sultonov

Oʻtkir Toʻxtamurodovich Sultonov (Russian: Уткир Тухтамурадович Султанов, "Utkir Tukhtamuradovich Sultanov") (14 July 1939 – 29 November 2015) was an Uzbek politician. He was the Prime Minister of Uzbekistan from 21 December 1995 until 12 December 2003.

Sultonov died in Tashkent, Uzbekistan at the age of 76.

Claire Aho

Claire Anita Aho (2 November 1925 – 29 November 2015) was a pioneering Finnish-born Swedish photographer. She started her career in the 1940s at the Aho & Soldan company. Aho moved to Sweden in 1974 where she worked as an photographer for several newspapers including "Hufvudstadsbladet" and with Nordic Museum.

Aho died in Stockholm on 29 November 2015 in a fire in her home. She was 90 years old.

Anemone coronaria

Anemone coronaria (Palestinian poppy or Spanish marigold) is a flowering plant in the genus "Anemone". It is native to the Mediterranean region. It is the national flower of Palestine.

"Anemone coronaria" is widely grown for its decorative flowers. Numerous cultivars have been selected and named.

Shigeru Mizuki

Mizuki died from a heart attack in Tokyo, Japan, aged 93.


Gerrit Holdijk

Gerrit Holdijk (17 November 1944 – 30 November 2015) was a Dutch jurist and politician. He was born in Uddel. He was a member of the Reformed Political Party (SGP). He was a member of the States-Provincial of Gelderland from 1987 to 2011. He was also a member of the Senate from 1986 to 1987 and again from 1991 to 2015.

Holdijk died in Uddel from lung cancer, aged 71.


Jean Joubert

Jean Joubert (27 February 1928 – 28 November 2015) was a French novelist, short story writer, and poet.
He won the 1978 Prix Mallarmé for "Poems: 1955–1975". He won the 1975 Prix Renaudot for "L'Homme de sable". Joubert was born in Châlette-sur-Loing, Loiret.

Joubert died on 28 November 2015 in Paris from a heart attack, aged 87.


Trophic level

Trophic levels categorize organisms into different levels of the food chain. The first trophic level are producers, or autotrophs.

Phosphorus cycle

The phosphorus cycle includes the following steps:



I, Robot

I, Robot is a collection of nine science fiction short stories by Isaac Asimov. The stories originally appeared in the American magazines "Super Science Stories" and "Astounding Science Fiction" between 1940 and 1950 and were compiled into a book in 1950. The stories follow on from each other and are linked with a framing narrative; that is, a story that ranges over all the stories and connects them. The stories are all about positronic robots. 

The Chief Robopsychologist of 'United States Robots and Mechanical Men', which made the positronic robots, Dr. Susan Calvin, tells each story to a reporter. 

Asimov originally wanted to call the collection "Mind and Iron".

The stories are as follows:

'Robbie'. 

This story tells of 'Robbie', who is a mute robot (he can hear and obey commands but cannot speak). He is used as a nursemaid for a young girl, Gloria Weston. He is faster moving and more powerful than a human, so he is able to rescue Gloria when she is nearly run down by a fast-moving vehicle in a factory she is visiting with her Parents.

'Runaround'. 

Robot SPD-13, known as Speedy, works in a mine on the planet Mercury. The two engineers supervising him, Gregory Powell and Michael Donovan, find that he is not working properly and gets lost. What has happened is that Speedy's brain is confused when he senses danger and he doesn't know which Laws to obey. He must be rescued by Powell and Donovan at the risk of their own lives.

'Reason'. 

Robot QT1, known as Cutie, works on a space station. He decides that he can do the job much better than the humans working with them, so he locks them up and takes charge. He does indeed do his job perfectly.

'Catch That Rabbit'. 

Robot DV-5, known as Dave, works in a mine on an asteroid, but all is not well. The robot is in charge of five smaller less intelligent robots and cannot cope with the responsibility. Powell and Donovan must help Dave to work well before they are buried alive in the mine.

'Liar'. 

Robot RB-34, known as Herbie, is manufactured with a fault - it reads human minds. This brings it into conflict with Susan Calvin, to whom it tells a lie, which is not allowed by the Three Laws of Robotics. But it is just what Calvin thinks she wants to hear. Upset by this, she decides that Herbie is useless as a robot and must be dismantled.

'Little Lost Robot'. 

An unnamed robot working on an asteroid vanishes. Susan Calvin and her co-workers must find it before it escapes.

'Escape'. 

A powerful robot known only as The Brain designs and builds a spaceship that can travel faster than light. When it is finished, Powell and Donovan go on board and take off into space, but the ship doesn't work properly because the Brain doesn't really understand what it has built. The Brain plays a joke on the two men, giving them only baked beans to eat and building no controls for them to use. But eventually, they return safely to Earth.

'Evidence'. 

A lawyer, Stephen Byerley, hopes to be elected mayor of a city, but his opponent puts out a story that the man is really a robot, who is not allowed to stand for elected office. Byerley is elected anyway, but no-one knows if he really is a robot.

'The Evitable Conflict'. 

Several years later, Byerley has been elected World Coordinator. He discovers that The Machines, very powerful robots that are supposed to help humans to live in peace on Earth, have taken over the control of the planet and the reason that they did that is because the Three Laws of Robotics don’t let them allow humans to get hurt and they Machines realized that they were better at keeping people safe than people are.


The film "I, Robot", starring Will Smith, was released by Twentieth Century Fox on July 16, 2004 in the United States. Its plot incorporates elements of "Little Lost Robot," some of Asimov's character names and the "Three Laws". However, the plot of the movie is mostly original work adapted from a screenplay "Hardwired" by Jeff Vintar completely unlinked to Asimov's stories, and has been compared to Asimov's The Caves of Steel, which revolves around the murder of a roboticist.


Kirthar Mountains

The Kirthar Mountains are in Balochistan and the Sindh provinces of Pakistan. The range extends south for about 190 miles (300 km) from the Mula River in east-central Balochistan to Cape Monze (Muari), near Mubarak Village, Karachi on the Arabian Sea.

Kirthar National Park is one of the major wildlife reserves in Sindh, Pakistan. The Kirthar Range forms the boundary between the Lower Indus Plain (east) and southern Balochistan (west). It is a series of parallel rock hill ridges rising from 4,000 feet (1,200 m) in the south to nearly 8,000 feet (2,500 m) in the north.

Eddie Steeples

Eddie Steeples (born November 25, 1973) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as the Rubberband Man in an advertising campaign for OfficeMax, and as Darnell Turner in the NBC comedy "My Name Is Earl".

Uskudar University

Üsküdar University is a university in Istanbul, Turkey. It was founded by the Human Values and Mental Health Foundation. It is the first university of Turkey for the study of Behavioral Health and Sciences.

The university consist of four undergraduate faculties, one Vocational School Of Health Services, and one institute.


Nevzat Tarhan

Kaşif Nevzat Tarhan (born on July 7, 1952 in Merzifon, Amasya, Turkey ) is a Turkish medical scientist, psychiatrist and neuropsychology expert.

He was born in Merzifon in 1952. He finished Kuleli Military High School in 1969 and graduated from Cerrahpaşa Medical School Istanbul University in 1975. Following his internship at GATA (Gülhane Military Medical Academy) he worked in Cyprus and Bursa garrisons at different military medical institutions. 

In 1982 he became a specialist psychiatrist at GATA. After his clinical services as a specialist at Erzincan and Çorlu Hospitals, he became an assistant professor(1988), an associate professor (1990) at GATA Haydarpaşa. He was promoted to colonel in 1993 and became a professor in 1996. 

Between 1996 – 1999 he worked at Yüzüncü Yıl University as faculty member and as an expert at Forensic Institution. He got retired on his own will. He took the representation of "Memory Center of America" in Turkey in 1998.

He has been the chairman of the board of NPİSTANBUL, the first neuropsychiatry hospital of Turkey, and also the founding rector of Üsküdar University.

He has more than a hundred publications 31 of which are international. He speaks English and German. He is married and has two children. 

Romantic orientation

Romantic orientation, also called affectional orientation, indicates the sex or gender that a person is most likely to have a romantic relationship with. It is compared to the term "sexual orientation". Romantic orientation is based on the idea that sexual attraction is one component of a larger picture. For example, although a pansexual person may feel sexually attracted to multiple genders, they may be predisposed to romantic intimacy with females. For asexual people, romantic orientation is often considered a more useful measure of attraction than sexual orientation, as some are not aromantic.

Other examples of romantic orientation include biromantic, heteroromantic, homoromantic, and panromantic.

Carbon sequestration

Carbon sequestration is the process of capturing carbon dioxide (CO) gas in the atmosphere. One method of sequestration is by capturing CO produced by power plants and factories before they release it into the atmosphere. When the CO gas is in long-term storage, that means it has been sequestered. 

Carbon sequestration aims to assist in elimination of human introduced carbon from Earth's atmosphere by disrupting the carbon cycle. It is also used to prevent future human caused climate change.

There are two long-term ways to remove CO from the atmosphere:

<br>

Arsenal Stadium

Arsenal Stadium was a football stadium. It was commonly known as Highbury Stadium, or simply Highbury. It was the home stadium of Arsenal Football Club from 1913 until 2006.


St Denys' Church, Sleaford

St Denys' Church, Sleaford is a medieval church located in Sleaford, Lincolnshire, England. The oldest parts of the present building are the tower and spire. The spire stands 144 feet (44 metres) tall. A window tracery is dated to about the late 13th century. The Gothic nave, aisles and north transept were built in the 14th century. The church is a Grade I listed building, a term given to "buildings of exceptional interest".

Palestine sunbird

The Palestine sunbird is a small passerine bird. It is found in the Middle East and deserts in Africa, it is also known as the orange-tufted sunbird, which was a name also used for a similar bird that is found in South Africa. In 2015, Palestine made it their national bird.
The body of the Palestine sunbird is 8 to 12 cm long, the wings of it are 14 to 16 cm. The beak is fairly long, black and curves down. The feathers of males when it is during breeding time is mostly dark but looks blue or green in light. They have orange tufts on the sides of their chests which are hard to see unless you look close. Females and young birds are a grey-brown color. Males that are not in breeding time are similar but may still have some dark feathers.

It has a high, fast and many calls, including a harsh alarm call.

Thrush nightingale

The thrush nightingale ("Luscinia luscinia") is a bird from Europe and Asia. It used to be considered a thrush, but is now considered to be an Old World flycatcher.

Currawong

The currawong is a type of bird from Australasia. They form the genus Strepera, which belongs to the Artamidae family of birds. There are three species of currawong.


Karpathos

Karpathos is a Greek island in the Aegean Sea. It is one of the Greek Dodecanese islands, in the southeastern Aegean. Together with the neighboring smaller Saria Island it forms the municipality of Karpathos. This in turn is part of the Karpathos regional unit. Because of its remote location, Karpathos has preserved many peculiarities of clothing, customs and dialect. The dialect is very similar to that of Crete and Cyprus. The island has also been called Carpathus in Latin, Scarpanto in Italian and Kerpe in Turkish.

Syros

Syros is a Greek island. It is in the Aegean Sea. Sometimes the name of the island is spelled Siros or Syra.

Syros is located south-east of Athens. Ermoupoli is the capital of the island.

2015 Tunis bombing

On 24 November 2015, a bus carrying Tunisian presidential guards exploded, killing 12, on a principal road in Tunis. After the attack, President Beji Caid Essebsi issued a state of emergency in Tunisia. ISIL claimed responsibility for the attack. The bomber, who killed himself in the attack, was identified as Houssem Abdelli.

Tedim language

Tedim language is a language of India and Burma. It is a Kukish language.

Yoka Berretty

Yoka Berretty (8 May 1928 – 28 November 2015) was a Dutch actress. Berretty was born in Rotterdam, Netherlands. She appeared in 35 movie and television shows between 1954 and 2000. She was known for her roles in "Makkers Staakt uw Wild Geraas" (1960), "The Silent Raid" (1962), "Charlotte" (1981), and in "Punk Lawyer" (1996)

Berretty died in Amsterdam after having fallen down the stairs of her home a week earlier.

LGBT rights in Mali

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) persons in Mali may face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. According to the 2007 Pew Global Attitudes Project, 98% of Malian adults do not believe that homosexuality is acceptable by society. This was one of the highest rate of non-acceptance in the 45 countries surveyed. Same-sex sexual activity is not a crime in Mali. But according to a 2013 report on Human Rights in Mali "the law prohibits association 'for an immoral purpose'". About 90% of Mali's population is Muslim.

Mali has long been attacked by Islamic rebels and militants. This has put gays at risk. In 2013 Islamist extremists took over the northern part of Mali. France sent 3,500 troops to help Mali. The extremists took over the town of Gao and enforced strict Sharia law. This religious law of Islam punishes gay men by execution. French troops were able to rescue two Malian men who were about to be executed for homosexuality.

Jari Kurri

Jari Kurri (born 18 May 1960 Helsinki, Finland) is a retired five-time Stanley Cup champion in NHL hockey.

Kurri started his ice hockey career in the junior team of Jokerit. Already in age of 17, he played in Jokerit team adults. He also played for Finnish Junior National Team in 1978, 1979, and 1980. He played on the Olympic Finland team in 1980.

In 1980 he was invited to play for Edmonton Oilers in Canada. There he played with Wayne Gretzky for 8 seasons until Gretzky moved to Los Angeles. They became famous. Oilers won Stanley Cup 1984, 1985, 1987, 1988, and 1990. Later Kurri played for Los Angeles Kings, New York Rangers, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and Colorado Avalanche.

During his career Kurri made 600 goals in NHL.

Because Kurri was most years continuing his NHL term in North America in Stanley Cup playoffs, he could not play for Finland National tesm very often. However he was in Olympic Games in Nagano 1998, and got a bronze medal.

Boris II of Bulgaria

Boris II of Bulgaria was an emperor (Tsar) of Bulgaria. He was emperor from 969 to 971. His father was Peter I of Bulgaria. When Peter died in 969, his son Boris was being held in Constantinople by the Byzantine Emperor Nicephorus II. The Byzantines apparently allowed Boris to return to Bulgaria. When he arrived he was immediately proclaimed Tzar Boris II. Sviatoslav I of Kiev, who had earlier subdued parts of Bulgaria, returned in August 969 and subdued the remaining parts of Bulgaria. He allied himself to Boris II in order to get his Bulgarian soldiers to fight against the Byzantines. The new Byzantine Emperor, John I Tzimisces invaded Bulgaria. By the end of 971 all of Bulgaria was in Byzantine hands. By that time Boris II had abdicated.

Olaf Tryggvason

Olaf I Tryggvason (–1000) was the King of Norway from 995 - 1000. He began his career as a Viking in exile. He was a brutal king who forced Christianity on his people.

Olaf was the son of king Tryggve Olafsson of Norway and grandson of Harald Fairhair, the first king of all Norway. According to tradition, Gunhild, wife of Eric Bloodaxe, wanted him killed. Instead he and his mother were sold as slaves. When they were freed, he ended up in Russia where he grew up. He commanded the mercenary troops of Vladimir the Great in Kiev. In 985 he led his Vikings through the Baltic Sea in a raid on the British Isles. He won the Battle of Maldon in 991. He and Sweyn Forkbeard, the two leaders, received a payment from the English of of money (in gold and silver). According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, he accepted the Christian faith just after a failed attack on London in 994. Rich, newly converted and with many followers, he decided to return to Norway to spread Christianity.

In the autumn of 995 he arrived in Norway. He was accepted as King and began the process of converting the people to the new Christian faith. Olaf did this by force. He looted and burned pagan temples. He forced entire communities to become Christian or die. However, many of his pagan subjects chose death over giving up their beliefs. Finally, in the year 1000, his enemies joined forces, attacked and killed him at a place named "Svolder".

Greg Fisk

Stephen Gregory "Greg" Fisk (September 26, 1945 – November 30, 2015) was an American politician. He was the 13th mayor of Juneau, Alaska, the state capital of Alaska. Before being elected, Fisk had worked as a fisheries consultant. He was elected over incumbent Merrill Sanford by a wide margin in October 2015.

Fisk died at his home in Juneau on November 30, 2015 from complications of a fall, aged 70.

Kaye Revil

Jo Kristine "Kaye" Celera-Revil (born April 6, 1982) is a Filipino politician. She is the current Vice Governor of Masbate Province in the Philippines. Prior to that, she was elected as a board member of the Second district of Masbate in the 2013 elections. She was the regional chairperson of Provincial Board Members' League of the Philippines. Revil is a graduate of the University of the Philippines (UP) Diliman. She received her Juris Doctor at the Ateneo de Manila University School of Law.

Congo peafowl

The Congo peafowl ("Afropavo congensis"), known locally as the mbulu, is a species of peafowl. It is native to the Congo Basin. It is one of three living species of peafowl, the other two being the Indian peafowl (originally of India and Sri Lanka) and the green peafowl (native to Burma and Indochina).

The Congo peacock has physical characteristics of both the peafowl and the guineafowl, which may indicate that the Congo peacock is a link between the two families.

Robertlandy Simón

Robertlandy Simón Aties (born 11 June 1987) is a Cuban volleyball player. He was a member of the Cuban men's national team in 2005–2010. He is a member of the South Korean club OK Savings Bank. He competed in the World Championship in 2010, and the South Korean Championship in 2015.


Murilo Endres

Murilo Endres (born 3 May 1981) is a Brazilian volleyball player. He is a member of Brazilian men's national team and Brazilian club SESI São Paulo. He has won two silver medals at the Olympic Games, in Beijing 2008 and London 2012. He also competed in the World Championships in 2006 and 2010, and won a silver medal in 2014. He has also competed in the World League, South American Championship, World Cup and the Grand Champions Cup.


Clayton Stanley

Clayton Stanley (born 20 January 1978) is an American volleyball player. He is a member of the United States men's national volleyball team. He has competed in the Olympic Games (Athens 2004, Beijing 2008, London 2012). He won a gold medal in 2008.


Ivan Miljković

Ivan Miljković (; pronounced ; born September 13, 1979) is a Serbian volleyball player. He was a member of Serbia men's national volleyball team in 1998–2012. He is a member of Italian club Cucine Lube Civitanova. He competed in the Olympic Games (Sydney 2000, Athens 2004, Beijing 2008), the European Championships (2001, 2011).


Dmitriy Muserskiy

Dmitriy Muserskiy (born 29 October 1988) is a Russian volleyball player. He is originally from Ukraine. He is a member of the Russian men's national volleyball team and the Russian club Belogorie Belgorod. He competed in the Olympic Games in 2012, European Championships in 2013, the World Cup in 2011, and the World League.


Sergey Tetyukhin

Sergey Yuryevich Tetyukhin (; born 23 September 1975) is a Russian volleyball player. He was born in Fergana, Uzbekistan. He is 1.97 m tall, and plays as passer-attacker. 

Together with Samuele Papi, he is one of only two male volleyball players who have won four Olympic medals. Tetyukhin is the only volleyball player in the world (male or female) with four Olympic medals who has all three types of those medals. He won a gold medal at the London Olympics.


Sergio Santos

Sérgio Dutra Santos (born 15 October 1975 in Diamante do Norte) is a Brazilian professional volleyball player. He is also known as Serginho or Escadinha. He plays in the libero position. In 2009 he became the first Libero to be named MVP in the World League. 

He is widely regarded as one of the best liberos of all time and is unquestionably the best libero of the 2000s, with more awards than any other libero. Known for his service reception and digging skills, teams often attempted to avoid Sergio when serving. 

Beyond his defensive abilities, he was also capable of running the offense as a 'second setter' if the setter was forced to make the first contact. This was in large part due to Sergio playing the setting position while growing up and subbing in as a setter for his professional club teams over the years.


Nikola Grbić

Nikola Grbić (; born September 6, 1973) is a Serbian retired volleyball player. He was a member of the Yugoslavian national team from 1995 to 2003, Serbia and Montenegro from 2003 to 2006 and Serbia from 2006 to 2010. He won a gold medal at the Olympic Games in Sydney 2000, bronze at the Olympic Games in Atlanta 1996. He also competed in the Olympic Games in Athens 2004 and Beijing 2008. He has won several medals at the World Championships, European Championships and World League, Italian Championships (2008, 2010), Russian Championships (2014). He was later head coach of the Serbian men's national team.


Ruanzhi tea

Ruan Zhi is a kind of oolong tea. It is also known as Qingxin. It is from Anxi in Fujian Province, China. 


Jujube

Ziziphus jujuba, commonly known as the jujube, is a species of "Ziziphus". It is in the buckthorn family (Rhamnaceae). It is used mainly as a shade tree which also bears fruit.

William Barclay Foster

William Barclay Foster (1779 - 1855) was an American businessperson. He was the father of Stephen Foster, a well-known songwriter. He has been called one of the most prosperous merchants of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He worked in the state of Pennsylvania as a state legislator. He was also elected mayor of Allegheny City two times. (Allegheny City is now part of the city of Pittsburgh.) He married Eliza Clayland Tomlinson on November 14, 1807, in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania.

His father James Foster, was born in 1779 in Berkeley County, Virginia. At the end of the Revolutionary War, he and his family moved to western Pennsylvania with other Scottish and Irish families. James Foster was one of the founders and original trustees of Canonsburg Academy, a school founded in 1791. William attended the academy until he was sixteen. He moved to Pittsburgh shortly after the city's incorporation along the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers. William Foster went to work for the company Denny and Bellen, "Dry Goods, Hardware, etc." He represented the company, was promoted to a partner, and traveled to many places.

Ferndale, Michigan

Ferndale is a city in Oakland County, Michigan. It is part of the Detroit metropolitan area.

Web Entertainment

Web Entertainment is a record label based in Detroit, Michigan, United States. It is run by the Bass Brothers. It is known for being the first label that signed Eminem.

USS New Jersey (BB-16)

USS "New Jersey" (BB-16) was the fourth of five Virginia-class battleships of the United States Navy. She was originally going to be named the USS Virginia. She was built at the Fore River Shipbuilding Company in Quincy, Massachusetts in May 1902. She was launched in November 1904. After sea trials she was commissioned into the fleet in May 1906. The ship was armed with an offensive battery of four guns and eight guns. She was capable of a top speed of . "New Jersey" was long, had 23,000 horsepower and was built at a cost of $3,405,000.

"New Jersey" spent her entire career in the Atlantic Fleet. In late 1906, she took part in the Second Occupation of Cuba. She participated in the Jamestown Exposition in April – May 1907. At the end of the year, she joined the Great White Fleet for its circumnavigation of the globe, which lasted into 1909. The ship spent the following five years conducting peacetime training. In April 1914, "New Jersey" took part in the occupation of Veracruz during the Mexican Revolution. During World War I, she was used as a training ship. After the war, she was tasked with transporting American soldiers back from Europe. "New Jersey" was decommissioned in 1920 and slated for destruction in bombing tests in 1923. "New Jersey" was sunk on 5 September 1923 off Cape Hatteras as a target ship.

Pacific Time Zone

The Pacific Time Zone is one of the time zones in the world. It is based on the mean solar time of the 105th meridian west of the Greenwich Observatory. Normally, its time is 8 hours before Coordinated Universal Time. The time zone is in the United States, Canada and Mexico. The biggest city in the zone is Los Angeles, California; its metropolitan area is the largest in the zone. During Daylight Savings Time, the Pacific Time Zone is represented by UTC−7. 

This time zone is called Pacific Time (PT). During winter it is Pacific Standard Time (PST) which is UTC-8 and in summer it is Pacific Daylight Time (PDT) which is UTC-7.

Places that are in Pacific Time Zone

Canada
Tungsten, Northwest Territories; and most of British Columbia. As of Nov 2020, all of Yukon is in MST year-round (UTC-7), which is aligned with PDT in the summer. 

United States
It includes the entire states of Washington and California

It also contains most of Oregon and Nevada.

Parts of the Idaho Panhandle are part of the Pacific Time Zone.

Mexico
The state of Baja California uses Pacific Time Zone.

Ooid

An ooid is a small rounded sedimentary rock. Like sand grains, ooids have a diameter of 2 mm or less. Larger grains formed the same way as ooids are called "pisoids". Rock made of ooids is oolite.

2015 San Bernardino attack

The 2015 San Bernardino shooting was a mass shooting in San Bernardino, California. It started at 10:59 a.m. Pacific Standard Time (PST) on December 2, 2015. At least fourteen people were killed and seventeen were wounded. It happened at the Inland Regional Center. The shooters may have targeted a banquet hosted by San Bernardino County Department of Public Health. The shooters left in an SUV.

The two suspected shooters, one woman and one man, Tashfeen Malik and Syed Rizwan Farook, were killed by police during a gunfight. 

 

Abduction (logic)

Abduction is the kind of practical logic which answers questions of the type "how did this come about?". It produces answers which are not guaranteed to be correct. Consider the observation that the lawn is wet in the morning. How did that happen? In London, the answer is most often that it rained. But in Los Angeles it is much more likely that someone left the sprinkler on.

Abduction is logical inference which goes from an observation to a theory which accounts for the observation. It makes the simplest and most likely explanation. In abductive reasoning, unlike in deductive reasoning, the premises do not guarantee the conclusion. Abductive reasoning is "inference to the best explanation".

The philosopher (1839–1914) introduced abduction into modern logic.

Linezolid

Linezolid is an antibiotic. It can heal serious infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria that other antibiotics are do not heal. Linezolid is active against most Gram-positive bacteria which cause disease, like streptococci and MRSA. It is mainly used to treat infections of the skin and pneumonia.

It is relatively safe to take linezolid for short periods. It can be used in people of all ages and in people with liver disease or poor kidney function. Common harmful effects of short-term use include headache, diarrhea, and nausea. Long-term use, however, has been associated with more serious harmful effects.

Linezolid was discovered in the 1990s by a team at Pharmacia & Upjohn Company. It was first approved for use in 2000. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, which is a list of medications needed in a basic health system. Linezolid costs approximately US$100 per tablet in the United States. 

Linezolid is marketed by Pfizer under the trade names Zyvox (in the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, and several other countries), Zyvoxid (in Europe), and Zyvoxam (in Canada and Mexico). Generics are also available, such as Linospan/Lizomed (in India), Nezocin (in Pakistan), and Linzolid (in Bangladesh, by Incepta).

Isis (disambiguation)

Isis is the name of an Egyptian goddess. It may also refer to:


Cheshire (disambiguation)

Cheshire ( ) is a county in England. 

Cheshire may also refer to:


Cheshire, Massachusetts

Cheshire is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the Pittsfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area. At the 2020 census, 3,258 people lived in Cheshire.

Jenna Dewan

Jenna Lee Dewan Tatum (born December 3, 1980) is an American actress and dancer. She began her career as a backup dancer for Janet Jackson. Later she worked with artists including Pink, Missy Elliott, and Christina Aguilera. She is known for her role as Nora in the 2006 film "Step Up" for which she won a Teen Choice Award. She has also starred on the short-lived NBC series "The Playboy Club". Tatum had a recurring role on the FX series "". She was Freya Beauchamp on the Lifetime series "Witches of East End". Dewan has been married to actor Channing Tatum since 2009, and divorced in 2019.


Pittsfield, Massachusetts

Pittsfield is a city in Massachusetts, United States. It is the largest city and the county seat of Berkshire County. It is the main city of the Pittsfield Metropolitan Statistical Area which includes all of Berkshire County. The population was 43,927 at the 2020 census.

Pittsfield

Pittsfield may refer to:



Sandy Berger

Samuel Richard "Sandy" Berger (October 28, 1945 – December 2, 2015) was an American political consultant of Jewish descent. He served as the United States National Security Advisor for President Bill Clinton from March 14, 1997 until January 20, 2001. Before that, he served as the Deputy National Security Advisor for the Clinton Administration from January 20, 1993 until March 14, 1997.

In 2005, Berger got a fine of $50,000 and had to do 100 hours of community service because he had taken documents from the National Archives in Washington although he wasn't allowed to do this.

Sandy Berger died of cancer of unknown primary origin in Washington, D.C. on December 2, 2015, aged 70.

Robert E. Glennen

Robert Eugene Glennen, Jr., PhD (March 31, 1933 – December 1, 2015) was an American education administrator. He served as Emporia State University's thirteenth president in Emporia, Kansas. Before president of Emporia State, Glennen also served as the tenth president at Western New Mexico University, many administrative jobs at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas and the University of Notre Dame.

Glennen was born in Billings, Montana. He died in Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 82.

Suffolk (disambiguation)

Suffolk is one of the Counties of England. 

Suffolk may also refer to:

In geography:

In ships:

In fauna:

In other:

Joseph Engelberger

Later, he worked as entrepreneur and vocal advocate of robotic technology beyond the manufacturing plant in a variety of fields, including service industries, health care, and space exploration. He has been called "the father of robotics" for his works to the field.

Engelberger died in Newtown, Connecticut from complications following a stroke at the age of 90.

Jim Loscutoff

James "Jim" Loscutoff Jr (February 4, 1930 – December 1, 2015) was a professional American basketball player for the NBA. He played for the Boston Celtics from 1955 through 1964. He was a forward. Loscutoff played on seven Celtics championship teams between 1956 and 1964. He was born in San Francisco, California.

Loscutoff died in Naples, Florida from complications of pneumonia and Parkinson's disease at the age of 85.

Suffolk County, Massachusetts

Suffolk County is a county in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. 797,936 people lived there in 2020. Its county seat is Boston, the state capital and largest city.

Middlesex (disambiguation)

Middlesex is a former county in southeast England.






Carthage, Missouri

Carthage is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. The population was 15,522 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Jasper County. It is nicknamed "America's Maple Leaf City."

Jasper County, Missouri

Jasper County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2020 census, the population was 122,761. Its county seat is Carthage. Its largest city is Joplin. The county was formed in 1841. It was named for William Jasper, a hero of the American Revolutionary War.

Jackson County

Jackson County is the name of 24 counties in the United States:


Jasper County

Jasper County is the name of eight counties in the United States.



Jackson County, Missouri

Jackson County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. In 2020, the population was 717,204. This county has the second-highest number of people in the state, after St. Louis County. It has two county capitals, Independence and Kansas City. The county was created December 15, 1826. It was named for President Andrew Jackson (elected 1828).

Kylo Ren

Kylo Ren (born Ben Solo) is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise. He was introduced in the 2015 movie "". He was portrayed by Adam Driver. He is the main villain of "The Force Awakens", "" , and is redeemed in the final installment ".

Kylo Ren is the pseudonym of Ben Solo, the son of original "Star Wars" trilogy characters Han Solo, who he later killed, and Leia Organa. Though trained by his uncle Luke Skywalker as a Jedi, he has been drawn to the dark side of the Force, and wants to be as powerful as his grandfather, Darth Vader who he praised and thought was the king of evil, not the one who killed the emperor. Throughout all of T"he Force Awakens" and the first two acts of "The Last Jedi," Ren wants to be fully committed to the dark side, but there are times where the light side tries to pull him back in. This can be seen because when he kills his father Han, he hesitates before he does it. Even when he has a chance to kill his mother Leia, he chooses not to after giving it thought. This makes him a complex character. 

Kylo Ren is the master of the Knights of Ren and a commander for the , an organization created from the fallen .The First Order believed that the Empire's leader, Emperor Palpatine, had been killed by Luke Skywalker, not Darth Vader. He is featured in "The Force Awakens" media and merchandising, and has appeared in the movie's sequel, "".


Adam Driver

Adam Douglas Driver (born November 19, 1983) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles in the TV show Girls and the Star Wars movies.

Adam Driver was born in California. The Driver family has roots in Arkansas and Tennessee, where they owned slaves. He grew up in Indiana and joined the United States Marine Corps after the September 11 attacks. He was excited to fight the Iraq War, but could not join direct combat because of an injury. He then went to Juilliard School, an elite school for performing arts, to begin his acting career.

Car classification

Governments and private organizations have developed car classifications that are used for a number of purposes. These include regulation, description and categorization, among others. The following are commonly used classifications in use worldwide:

Scott Weiland

Scott Weiland (born Scott Richard Kline; October 27, 1967 – December 3, 2015) was an American musician, singer and songwriter. His career lasted three decades. He was best known as the lead singer for the rock band Stone Temple Pilots from when they formed in 1986 until he was fired in 2013. He was also the lead singer of band Velvet Revolver from 2003 to 2008. That band had members from another popular band, Guns N' Roses, and were called a "supergroup" because of this. 

Weiland was born in San Jose, California. At age five, he was adopted by his stepfather and moved to Ohio. Weiland moved back to California in his teens.

After he was fired from Stone Temple Pilots, Weiland formed a solo band called the Wildabouts. They released an album in March 2015 called "Blaster" but their guitar player, Jeremy Brown, died the day before it came out. Weiland himself died on this band's tour bus in Bloomington, Minnesota on December 3, 2015 after drinking and taking drugs such as cocaine and ethanol. He was 48 years old. He had battled addictions to drugs for over 20 years, at first becoming addicted to heroin in the 1990s.


Eastern Shore of Maryland

The Eastern Shore of Maryland is on the east side of Chesapeake Bay. It consists of nine counties. In 2020 its population was about 450 thousand. This means about 7 percent of Marylanders live in this region. The term "Eastern Shore" distinguishes a territorial part of the State of Maryland from the Western Shore of Maryland, land west of the Chesapeake Bay.

The region has many beaches. Some of the best known and most often visited beaches are at Ocean City, Maryland. Ocean City is also known for its boardwalks and its tourist attractions. With 33,000 people in 2020, Salisbury is the largest city. 

Casualty (TV series)

Casualty is a British television show aired on the BBC since 6 September 1986. It is the longest-running emergency medical drama television series in the world. It is filmed in Cardiff. The 1,000th episode of "Casualty" aired on 25 June 2016, episode 39 of series 30.

The series was created by Jeremy Brock and Paul Unwin, as a response to the Margaret Thatcher era.

"Casualty" is set in the fictional Holby City Hospital, in the fictional county of Wyvern, in the south-west of England.

Yossi Sarid

Yossi Sarid (‎; 24 October 1940 – 4 December 2015) was an Israeli news commentator and former politician. He served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment, Ratz and Meretz between 1974 and 2006. He was the Minister of Education and Minister of the Environment, he led Meretz between 1996 and 2003 and served as Leader of the Opposition from 2001 to 2003.

He wrote a column for Haaretz.

Sarid was born in Rehovot and died on the evening of 4 December 2015 from a heart attack, aged 75.


Dag Skogheim

Dag Skogheim (17 May 1928 – 4 December 2015) was a Norwegian teacher, poet, novelist, short story writer, biographer and non-fiction writer. He was born in Sømna. He made his literary debut in 1970 with the poetry collection "... gagns menneske". He was known for his 2001 novel "Sanatorieliv". The book was awarded the "Sverre Steen Prize" from the Norwegian Historical Association in 2002.

Skogheim died in Oslo, Norway from complications following a stroke, aged 87.

Bill Bennett

William Richards Bennett, PC, OBC (August 18, 1932 – December 3, 2015), commonly known as Bill Bennett, was a Canadian politician. He was the 27th Premier of the Canadian province of British Columbia 1975–1986. He was a son of the former Premier, W. A. C. Bennett. He was a 3rd cousin, twice removed, of R.B. Bennett, eleventh Prime Minister of Canada.

Bennett died on December 3, 2015 at the age of 83 from Alzheimer's disease in Kelowna, British Columbia.

Ferenc Juhász

Ferenc Juhász (16 August 1928 – 2 December 2015) was a Hungarian poet. He received the Golden Wreath award in 1992. He was thought to be a close contender for the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1976.

Juhász published his first poem in 1946. In 1949, he published his first book of poems, "The Winged Foal". His poems, including "The boy changed into a stag clamors at the gate of secrets", have been widely translated.


Quorn, South Australia

Quorn is a small town in the Flinders Ranges in the north of South Australia, 39 km northeast of Port Augusta. In 2011 there were 1206 people living in Quorn. Quorn is the home of the Flinders Ranges Council local government area. It is in the state Electoral district of Stuart and the federal Division of Grey.

It is also the home of the Pichi Richi Railway.

The town was surveyed in 1878 and named after Quorndon in Leicestershire, United Kingdom. It was a railway town, part of the railway line being built from Port Augusta. The railway line from Port Augusta to Quorn opened in 1879. It reached Government Gums (Farina) in 1882, Marree in 1884, Oodnadatta in 1890 and Alice Springs in 1929. This railway line later became known as the "Ghan line" or Central Australia Railway.

In 1917, Quorn became the crossroads of the north–south Central Australian Railway and east–west Trans-Australian Railway between Port Augusta and Kalgoorlie. This made Quorn an important town, as everyone travelling east–west or north–south in Australia passed through Quorn. As a result, many fine buildings were built as the town expanded.

Quorn's role as a crossroads was lost in 1937 when a standard gauge railway connection was opened between Port Pirie and Port Augusta. However, during World War II, Quorn was a vital service point for trains heading north to Alice Springs. Over one million soldiers passed through on their way to Darwin and on to Papua New Guinea. There were over 50 trains eaxh day during and immediately after World War II. The trains also carried coal mined at Leigh Creek to the new Playford A Power Station in Port Augusta.

During the 1950s a new standard gauge line was built which did not pass through Quorn. It was built on the western side of The Dutchmans Stern, Mount Arden and Mount Eyre. This line went from Stirling North to Brachina and then followed the original narrow gauge route through Leigh Creek and to Marree. Trains no longer went through the Pichi Richi Pass or Quorn. The only services now operating through Quorn was freight from Peterborough and Hawker. As a result Quorn lost its important railway business and in the 1980s the railway was completely closed as freight was moved to road transport. One unusual aspect of the railway working from Peterborough to Quorn and then on to Hawker was the need for the engine to be turned and joined to the opposite end of the train when arriving at Quorn, as it was not a "through" station for the trip from Peterborough to Hawker.

In 1973 the Pichi Richi Railway Preservation Society was formed to keep and protect the unique bridges and stone work that formed the railway through the Pichi Richi Pass between Quorn and Stirling North. At first they only wanted to preserve the railway through the Pichi Richi Pass, but they later got railway carriages and locomotives to provide a tourist service through from Quorn to Port Augusta. TheThey have written a book showing the railway in its heyday.

A main attraction in Quorn is the Pichi Richi Railway. There are also a self-guided walking tours in the town, included several based around the town's historic old buildings, the railway yards and other historic locations. The Flinders Ranges Visitor Information Centre / Pichi Richi Railway in the Quorn railway station provide visitor information, bookings for the railway, accommodation, tours and souvenirs.

There are a number of hotels, restaurants, bistro and cafes in town.

The Heysen Trail and the Mawson Trail, two long distance trails for walking and cycling, pass through town and there are many bushwalks and 4wd tracks.

Famous people from Quorn include country music artist Jedd Hughes, politician Brian Harradine and champion SANFL footballer Fos Williams. Former Australian of the year and AC, CBE, Lowitja O'Donoghue also spent her childhood at the Aboriginal mission in Quorn, the Colebrook Children's Home.

Travellers use Quorn as a base to explore the Flinders Ranges, including Warren Gorge, Kanyaka Station, Proby's Grave and Itali Itali.

Quorn has also been used in several movies, including "The Shiralee", "Sunday Too Far Away", "Gallipoli", "Wolf Creek", "The Sundowners", "The Lighthorsemen" and "The Last Ride" starring Hugo Weaving.

The name Quorn has been used as a name for a crater on the planet Mars, without commemorating the town.


Gustavo Endres

Gustavo Endres (born August 23, 1975 in Passo Fundo, Brazil) is a retired Brazilian volleyball player. 

Endres played for Brazil's men's national volleyball team in 1997-2008. The team won the gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. The team won the silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. 

Endres was also a member of the 2002 and 2006 World Championship teams. He won several medals in the World League, South American Championship, World Cup and the Grand Champions Cup.


Gilberto Amauri de Godoy Filho

Gilberto Amauri de Godoy Filho (born 23 December 1976 in Londrina) is a retired Brazilian professional volleyball player. He is usually known as known as Giba. He played as an outside hitter. 

For much of the 2000s, he was widely regarded as one of the best volleyball players in the world. During his professional career he played in Brazil, Italy, Russia, Argentina and briefly in the United Arab Emirates. He is mostly remembered for his successes with the Brazilian national team.

With the national team he won a total of 8 South American Championships, 3 America's Cups, 8 World League titles, 2 World Grand Champions Cups, three World Championships (2002, 2006, 2010) and the gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, the silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where he was the non-playing captain.

During summer 2014, Giba retired from professional volleyball at the age of 37.


Cicero, Indiana

Cicero is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,301.

Ashton Carter

Ashton Baldwin "Ash" Carter (September 24, 1954 – October 24, 2022) was an American politician, military civillian official and academic. He was the United States Secretary of Defense from 2015 to 2017. He is also a physicist and a former Harvard University professor of Science and International Affairs. He was nominated by President Barack Obama, and confirmed by the Senate by a vote of 93–5, to replace Chuck Hagel as the US Secretary of Defense.

Carter died from a heart attack at his home in Boston, Massachusetts on October 24, 2022, one month after his 68th birthday.


William McIlvanney

William McIlvanney (25 November 1936 – 5 December 2015) was a Scottish novelist, short story writer, and poet. McIlvanney was known for his works "Laidlaw", "The Papers of Tony Veitch", and "Walking Wounded". They are all known for their portrayal of Glasgow in the 1970s. He is thought to be as "the father of 'Tartan Noir’" and Scotland's Camus.

Marília Pêra

Marília Pêra (22 January 1943 – 5 December 2015) was a Brazilian actress. She was called "one of the decade's [1980s] ten best actresses" by Pauline Kael.

Pêra won the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress in 1982 for her role in Hector Babenco's famous movie "Pixote". She received the Best Actress awards at the Gramado Film Festival (Triple Award Winner) and at the Cartegena Film Festival for Carlos Diegues' "Better Days Ahead". Her other movies include "Bar Esperanza", "Angels of the Night", and Diegues' "Tieta".

Abel Pêra, also an actor from Brazil, was her uncle.

Pêra died in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from lung cancer, aged 72.

Pauline Kael

Pauline Kael (; June 19, 1919 – September 3, 2001) was an American movie critic who wrote for "The New Yorker" magazine from 1968 to 1991. Earlier in her career, her work appeared in "City Lights", "McCall's" and "The New Republic". 

Kael was known for her "witty, biting, highly opinionated, and sharply focused" reviews. Legendary critic Roger Ebert said that Kael "had a more positive influence on the climate for film in America than any other single person over the last three decades".

Kael was born in Petaluma, California. She studied at the University of California, Berkeley. Kael died in Great Barrington, Massachusetts from Parkinson's disease at the age of 82.


Quinnipiac University

Quinnipiac University is a private, nonsectarian, coeducational university. It is in Hamden, Connecticut, United States. 

The university grants undergraduate, graduate, and professional degrees through its College of Arts and Sciences; School of Business and Engineering; School of Communications; School of Health Sciences; School of Law; School of Medicine; School of Nursing and School of Education. Quinnipiac is home to the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute.


Hamden, Connecticut

Hamden is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. The town's nickname is "The Land of the Sleeping Giant." The population was 61,169 at the 2020 census. Hamden is a suburb of the city of New Haven.

Siddhi Savetsila

Siddhi Savetsila (, , , 7 January 1919 – 5 December 2015) was a Thai air force officer and politician. He served as the foreign minister of Thailand from 1980 to 1990. He was the Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand serving from January through August 1986. He has been a member of the Privy Council of King Bhumibol Adulyadej. 

Savetsila died at the age of 96 in Bangkok on 5 December 2015.

Mohel

A mohel is a person who circumcises Jewish baby boys eight days after they are born. This is a practice of Jewish law ("Halakha"). 

A knife is traditionally used for this, but a clamp is now sometimes used instead. In Orthodox Judaism the mohel is male. However, some more progressive types of Judaism allow women to serve as a mohel. 

The event of the circumcision is called a "Brit milah", sometimes pronounced "bris" especially by Jews of European heritage whose ancestors spoke Yiddish. The mohel says prayers with the infant's family and guests, to welcome the baby boy into the Jewish religion.

Farina, South Australia

Farina is a ghost town in South Australia. It is on the edge of the desert, with an unpredictable annual rainfall of 163.6 mm. It was a farming and railway town, part of the Ghan railway, 26 km north of Lyndhurst and 55 km south of Marree. In 2006 there were 55 people living near Farina.
Before 1878 Farina was called The Gums or Government Gums, It was an important waterhole in a dry desert. Farina was settled in 1878 by farmers who thought that if they ploughed the land and planted crops it would rain. It was named Farina after the Latin word for flour. The town was the railhead until 1884 when the railway reached Marree. During the wet years of the 1880s, plans were laid out for a town with 432 ¼-acre blocks. It was believed that it would be good for growing wheat and barley, however normal rainfall is not enough to grow these crops. Several silver and copper mines were dug in the surrounding area.

Farina grew to 600 people in the late 1800s. The town had two hotels (the Transcontinental and the Exchange) and an underground bakery, a bank, two breweries, a general store, an Anglican church, five blacksmiths, a school and a brothel. In 1909, a 1143 kg iron meteorite was discovered north-east of the town.

Today all that is left are stone ruins and the elevated railway water tank. The post office closed in the 1960s and the railway line closed in the 1980s.

No one lives in the town, the closest people live at Farina station, a farm, west of the town. A bush camping area has been set up by the owners of Farina station.

Volunteers have repaired the bakery and put up information signs.

The town's cemetery is a few kilometres from the town. It has an Afghan corner with several headstones, some with both English and Arabic writing. These mark the graves of former Farina residents of Afghan origin who were part of the Afghan camel trains which used to provide transport services before the railway. All the gravestones face Mecca in the Islamic tradition.



Abortion in Azerbaijan

Abortion in Azerbaijan is legal upon request within the first twenty-eight weeks of pregnancy. 

After twenty-eight weeks, it is legal when:

Additionally, a physician may approve any other reason to carry out an abortion.

Onomatopoeia

An onomatopoeia is a word that sounds like the sound it means: words that imitate particular sounds.

Examples:

Glenn Miller

Alton Glenn Miller (March 1, 1904 – missing in action December 15, 1944) was an American big band musician, arranger, composer, and bandleader in the swing era. He was the best-selling recording artist from 1939 to 1943, leading one of the best known big bands. Miller's notable recordings include "In the Mood", "Moonlight Serenade", "Pennsylvania 6-5000", "Chattanooga Choo Choo", "A String of Pearls", "At Last", "(I've Got a Gal In) Kalamazoo", "American Patrol", "Tuxedo Junction", "Elmer's Tune", and "Little Brown Jug". During World War II, he led bands in the U.S. Army. While he was traveling in France during World War II, Glenn Miller's airplane disappeared over the English Channel.

Miller was born in Clarinda, Iowa. His parents were Mattie Lou (née Cavender) and Lewis Elmer Miller. In 1915, Miller's family moved to Grant City, Missouri, and he started playing in the town orchestra. At first, he played cornet and mandolin, but he switched to trombone by 1916. In 1918, the Miller family moved to Fort Morgan, Colorado, where Miller went to high school. During his senior year, he started a band with some classmates. They played "dance band music". By the time Miller graduated from high school in 1921, he had decided to become a professional musician.

In 1923, Miller entered the University of Colorado at Boulder, but he spent most of his time away from school. He played auditions and gigs. He did not do well in school. He dropped out of school, and decided to start a career as a professional musician. He later studied under Joseph Schillinger and composed "Moonlight Serenade". In 1926, Miller toured with several groups, eventually landing a good spot in Ben Pollack's group in Los Angeles. While playing with this band, Miller wrote several musical arrangements and also co-wrote his first composition, "Room 1411", with Benny Goodman. In 1928, he married Helen Burger in New York City. At first, he was the main trombone soloist of the band. But when another trombone player joined, Miller was given fewer solos. At this point, he decided he should mainly be a composer. In the late 1920s, he wrote and published a songbook.

In the early 1930s, Miller was a trombonist, arranger, and composer in The Dorsey Brothers. Miller composed the songs "Annie's Cousin Fannie", "Dese Dem Dose", "Harlem Chapel Chimes", and "Tomorrow's Another Day" in 1934 and 1935. In 1935, he started an American orchestra for British bandleader Ray Noble. In this band, he featured a lead clarinet over four saxophones. He later used this arrangement in his own bands.

Glenn Miller formed his first band in 1937. The band broke up after playing its last show at the Ritz Ballroom in Bridgeport, Connecticut, on January 2, 1938.

Miller was discouraged and returned to New York. He realized that the band needed to have a "sound" that was different from other bands. He decided to make the clarinet and tenor saxophone play the melody together, while three other saxophones played harmony. Miller hired a saxophonist named Wilbur Schwartz, but instead had him play lead clarinet. This was unique because it did not rely on repeated motifs, like other bands.

Miller had a staff who wrote and arranged songs for the band. They were Jerry Gray, Bill Finegan, Billy May, and George Williams.

In September 1938, the Miller band began making recordings for Bluebird Records. Cy Shribman, a prominent East Coast businessman, began financing the band. In the spring of 1939, the band played at the Meadowbrook Ballroom in Cedar Grove, New Jersey and at the Glen Island Casino in New Rochelle, New York. At Glen Island, 1800 people attended Afterwards, the band became much more popular. The band's recording "Tuxedo Junction" sold 115,000 copies in the first week.

On February 10, 1942, Miller received a gold record for "Chattanooga Choo-Choo". "Chattanooga Choo Choo" was performed by the Miller orchestra with his singers Gordon "Tex" Beneke, Paula Kelly and the vocal group, the Modernaires. Other singers with this orchestra included Marion Hutton, Skip Nelson, Ray Eberle, Kay Starr, Ernie Caceres, Dorothy Claire and Jack Lathrop.

Miller and his band appeared in two films. The first one was "Sun Valley Serenade" (1941) The second was "Orchestra Wives" (1942).

In 1942, Miller decided to join the war effort because he was too old to be drafted. At first, he volunteered for the Navy but was told he was not needed. Miller then wrote to Army Brigadier General Charles Young. He asked to lead an army band so he could entertain the Allied Forces, and was accepted this time. He earned the rank of captain and he was soon promoted to major by August 1944.

He was placed in the United States Army at first, but was then moved to the Army Air Forces. Captain Glenn Miller served as an officer at the training center at Maxwell Air Force Base in Montgomery, Alabama, in December 1942. He played trombone with the Rhythmaires, a 15-piece dance band, both on the base and in the town.

Miller formed a large marching band. He tried to modernize military music. Some officers didn't like it, but he continued because other leaders supported him. For example, he combined blues and jazz with the traditional military march. He formed the Army Air Force Band, with 50 members. In the summer of 1944, he took it to England, where he gave 800 performances and recorded a series of records. The music was used in American Forces Network radio broadcasting for entertainment and counter-propaganda against fascism. Miller also talked on the radio. One time, he said:
"America means freedom and there's no expression of freedom quite so sincere as music."

On December 15, 1944, Miller was to fly from the United Kingdom to Paris, France, to play for the soldiers there. His plane departed from Clapham and disappeared while flying over the English Channel. There were two other people on the plane: Lt. Col. Norman Baessell and pilot John Morgan.

There have been many theories about what happened to the plane. According to a 2014 article in the "Chicago Tribune", Miller's plane crashed because it had a faulty carburetor.

In February 1945, Miller's wife, Helen accepted the Bronze Star Medal for him.

When Glenn Miller was alive, various bandleaders like Bob Chester imitated his style. In 1942, Miller gave singer Mel Tormé advice about songwriting.

By the early 1950s, more bands started to copy Miller's style.

The Miller estate authorized an official Glenn Miller "ghost band" in 1946. This band was led by Tex Beneke, former tenor saxophonist and a singer for the civilian band. It was similar to the Army Air Force Band because it had a large string section. At first called the "Glenn Miller Orchestra Under the Direction of Tex Beneke", it later became "The Tex Beneke Orchestra".

A film about Miller's life, "The Glenn Miller Story", was released in 1953. Because of this, the Miller estate asked Ray McKinley to lead a new ghost band in 1956. This band still tours the United States.

After Miller's disappearance, his Army Air Force band was decommissioned and sent back to the United States. Another band, called "the 314", took its place.

Miller composed at least fourteen songs, both by himself or with other people. He added lyrics to another song. These and other songs were recorded by Miller's civilian bands and his Army Air Force band.

Glenn Miller had three recordings that were put into the Grammy Hall of Fame after he died. This award is for recordings that are at least 25 years old and that have "qualitative or historical significance."


Notes
Bibliography


New Palestine, Indiana

New Palestine (pronounced "PAL-es-teen") is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 2,744.

The Ghan

The Ghan is a passenger train between Adelaide, Alice Springs, and Darwin on the Adelaide–Darwin railway in Australia. The train is operated by Great Southern Rail. It takes 54 hours to travel the with a four-hour stop in Alice Springs.

The train's name is a short version of its nickname "The Afghan Express". This nickname is said to have been first used in 1923 by one the train crew. The train's name honours Afghan camel drivers who arrived in Australia in the late 19th century to help find a way to reach the country's unexplored interior.

Another view is that the name was an insult. In 1891, the railway from Quorn reached Oodnadatta. This was home to about 150 cameleers, known as 'Afghans'. 'The Ghan Express' name was used by train crews in the 1890s as a joke because, when an expensive sleeping car was put on from Quorn to Oodnadatta, 'on the first return journey the only passenger was an Afghan'. As early as 1924, it was known as 'The Afghan Express' because it was so unreliable, often days, or weeks late. By 1951, when steam engines were replaced by diesel-electric locomotives, the insult of the names, like the cameleers, had faded away. Modern marketing has turned the name into a term of pride in its heritage.

"The Ghan" was sold to a private company in 1997 and is operated by Great Southern Rail. GSR was sold to Allegro Funds, a Sydney investment fund, in March 2015.

"The Ghan" normally runs weekly year round. During December 2012 and January 2013 it ran only once every two weeks. Until 2016, a second service operated between June and September. The train stops at Alice Springs and Katherine so passengers have time for optional tours. 

Each train has between 16 and 26 stainless steel carriages. These were built by Comeng, Granville in the late 1960s / early 1970s for the "Indian Pacific", plus a motorail wagon. The train is pulled by a Pacific National NR class locomotive. Sometimes, other locomotives such as an AN class or a DL class join the NR class to pull the train.

Starting in August 1929, "The Ghan" first ran on the Central Australian Railway. This was a narrow-gauge railway that went to Alice Springs. In 1957, the standard gauge Stirling North to Marree line opened, so the train only ran north of Marree. In October 1980 a new standard gauge line was built to the west of the original line. This was later extended north from Alice Springs to Darwin, opening in January 2004.

The Port Augusta to Government Gums Railway began in 1878 when Premier of South Australia, William Jervois, broke ground at Port Augusta. The line reached Hawker in June 1880, Beltana in July 1881, Marree in January 1884, and Oodnadatta in January 1891. In 1926 work began to build the line to Alice Springs. and that section was completed in 1929. Until then, the final part of the train journey was made by camel.

There were always plans to build the line to Darwin, but by the time the line to Alice Springs was built, "The Ghan" was losing money. Plans to reach Darwin were put on indefinite hold. The original line followed the same track as the overland telegraph, which is believed to be the route taken by John McDouall Stuart during his 1862 crossing of Australia.

Steam locomotives need a lot of water, and Stuart's route to Alice Springs was the only one that had available water. This meant that when it did rain, the creeks and rivers often washed the track away. 
"The Ghan" service was well known for long delays caused by these washouts. A flatcar behind the locomotive carried spare sleepers and railway tools, so that if there was damage to the track, the passengers and crew could repair the line. During World War II the service had to be greatly expanded, putting great pressure on the limited water supplies. As a result, de-mineralisation towers, some of which survive to this day, were built along the track. This meant that bore water could be used in the locomotives. When the new line to Alice Springs was built in the 1970s, the use of diesel engines meant that there was far less need for water. The line could take the much drier route from Tarcoola to Alice Springs.

The original Ghan was shown in BBC Television's series "Great Railway Journeys of the World" in 1980, presented by Michael Frayn.

The original "Ghan" ran for the last time in 1980. The Ghan Preservation Society has repaired sections of the old narrow gauge track and some notable sidings. In October 1980 the new standard gauge line from Tarcoola on the Trans-Australian Railway to Alice Springs was opened. The new line is about west of the old line. This avoids the floodplains where the original line was often damaged by floods. It was also hoped that the new line would improve the train's timekeeping.

The modern "Ghan" was in an episode of Channel 5's series "Chris Tarrant: Extreme Railways". In November 1998, one service went from Adelaide to Melbourne while from April 1999, the other went to Sydney.

Building the line between Alice Springs and Darwin is said to be the second-largest civil engineering project in Australia, the largest since the Snowy Mountains Scheme was built 1949–1974. Work began in July 2001, with the first passenger train reaching Darwin on 4 February 2004, after 126 years of planning and waiting. The cost was A$1.3 billion.

"The Ghan's" arrival in Darwin started a new era of tourism in the Northern Territory. Travel to the area was easier, with better access to and for Aboriginal communities. The rail link will allow for more freight to travel through the region, leading to a hope that Darwin will serve as another trade link with Asia.

One of the locomotives was named after Steve Irwin to help promote the new service and tourism to the region.




Itanium

Itanium ( ) is a type of Intel microprocessor with 64-bit chip architecture (not related to the by now mainstream 64-bit CPUs made by Intel and others). Itanium processors are sometimes used today for servers. Itanium processors were originally designed by HP and Intel with Intel making producing them, and several manufacturers of systems used them; nowhere as many systems used as originally hoped for. HP still supports systems using these chips.

Intel officially announced the end of life and product discontinuance of the Itanium CPU family on January 30, 2019.

When first released in 2001, Itanium's speed was disappointing compared to other processor types. Using existing x86 applications and operating systems was especially bad, with one test in 2001 showing that it was as fast as a 100 MHz Pentium (1.1 GHz Pentiums were on the market at that time). Itanium did not have success compared to IA-32 or RISC, and was even worse when x86-64 was released, which worked with older x86 applications.

In an article from 2009 about the history of Itanium — "How the Itanium Killed the Computer Industry" — journalist John C. Dvorak reported "This continues to be one of the great fiascos [bad situations] of the last 50 years" . Technology writer Ashlee Vance wrote that slowness in speed and release "turned the product into a joke in the chip industry." In an interview, Donald Knuth said "The Itanium approach...was supposed to be so terrific—until it turned out that the wished-for compilers were basically impossible to write."

Both Red Hat and Microsoft said that they would stop allowing Itanium to be used with their operating systems. However, other Linux distributions such as Gentoo and Debian were still available for Itanium. On March 22, 2011, Oracle said they would no longer support Itanium, but support for their existing products would continue. In October 2013, Oracle said they would release Oracle Database 12.1.0.1.0 on HP-UX Itanium 11.31 by early 2014.

A past Intel company official said that Itanium had become profitable (Able to make a lot of money) for Intel in late 2009. In 2009 and later, Itanium was mostly used on servers by HP, which made 95% of Itanium servers, so the primary operating system for Itanium was HP-UX. On March 22, 2011, Intel said they will keep supporting Itanium entirely with many new Itanium chips being created and on-time.

Although Itanium did do well with high-end computing, Intel wanted it to have more usage compared to the original x86 architecture.

AMD decided on an easier idea, creating x86-64, a 64-bit addition to the x86 architecture, which Microsoft soon supported in Microsoft Windows, so Intel had to include the same type of 64-bit addition in Intel's x86 processors. x86-64 can use existing 32-bit applications at full hardware speed, but has 64-bit memory addressing and other additions to new applications. This architecture has now become the most used 64-bit architecture in the desktop and laptop market, with the 64-bit ARMv8 architecture powering many mobile devices, used in today's iPhones, iPads, iPod Touches, and now many Android phones and tablets such as the Nexus 6P and Nexus 9. Ssome Itanium-based workstations were introduced by companies such as SGI, but they are no longer available. Because AMD made the first x86-64 chip, the architecture is commonly referred to as "amd64" inside of operating systems.

In 1989, HP thought Reduced Instruction Set Computing (RISC) architectures were stuck at one instruction per cycle. HP researchers tried to create a new type of processor architecture, later called Explicitly Parallel Instruction Computing (EPIC), that allows the processor to use many instructions in each clock cycle. EPIC uses a form of very long instruction word architecture, in which 1 instruction word had many instructions. With EPIC, the compiler checks which instructions can be used at the same time, so the processor can run the instructions without needing complicated methods to see which instructions to use at the same time. The idea is to allow better inspection of the code at the time of compile to check for additional opportunities for multiple executions at once, and to simplify processor design and save electricity by removing the need for runtime scheduling instructions.

HP thought that it was not good for individual enterprise system companies like HP to make proprietary processors, so HP worked with Intel in 1994 to create the IA-64 architecture, made with EPIC's ideas. Intel wanted to make a large effort in creating IA-64 in the expectation that the resulting processor would be used by most enterprise systems. HP and Intel had a large design effort to make the first Itanium product, Merced, in 1998.

During creation, Intel, HP, and other industry analysts thought that IA-64 would be very popular in servers, workstations, and desktops, and one day replace RISC and Complex Instruction Set Computing (CISC) architectures for multi-purpose applications. Compaq and Silicon Graphics stopped working on their Alpha and MIPS architectures to move to the Itanium architecture.

Many groups created operating systems for Itanium, including Microsoft Windows, OpenVMS, Linux, and UNIX types such as HP-UX, Solaris, Tru64 UNIX, and Monterey/64 (the last three were never finished). By 1997, many found that the Itanium architecture and the compiler were more difficult to use than they thought. Technology issues such as the very high transistor counts needed for the large instruction words and the large caches. There were also problems with the project, as the two parts of the team used different methods and had slightly different priorities. Because Merced was the first EPIC processor, its creation had more problems than the team had thought. In addition, the EPIC concept requires different compiler abilities that had never been created before, so more research was needed.

Intel announced the name of the processor, "Itanium", on October 4, 1999. In only a few hours, the name "Itanic" had been used as a joke, (a reference to "Titanic", the "unsinkable" ship that sank in 1912 ("Itanium + Titanic = Itanic")). "Itanic" has also been used by "The Register", and others, to say the multi-billion-dollar investment in Itanium, and the early demand with it, would mean nothing because they thought Itanium was going to fail.

By the time Itanium was released in June 2001, its performance was not superior to competing RISC and CISC processors. Itanium competed with low-power systems (primarily 4-CPU and small systems) with servers based on x86 processors, and with high-power such as with IBM's POWER architecture and Sun Microsystems' SPARC architecture. Intel shifted Itanium to working with the high-power business and HPC computing, trying to copy x86's successful market (i.e., 1 architecture, many system vendors). The success of the 1st processor version was only with replacing PA-RISC in HP systems, Alpha in Compaq systems and MIPS in SGI systems, but IBM also made a supercomputer based on this architecture. POWER and SPARC were strong, and the x86 architecture grew more into the enterprise space, because of easier scaling and very large install base.

Only a few thousand systems using the 1st Itanium processor, "Merced", were sold, because of poorer performance, high cost and less Itanium-made software. Intel saw that Itanium required more native software to work well, so Intel made thousands of systems for independent software vendors to help them make Itanium software. HP and Intel brought the 2nd Itanium processor, Itanium 2, to market a year later.

The Itanium 2 processor was released in 2002, for enterprise servers and not all of high-power computing. The 1st version of Itanium 2, code-named "McKinley", was created by HP and Intel. It fixed many of the problems of the 1st Itanium processor, which were mostly caused by a bad memory subsystem. "McKinley" had 221 million transistors (25 million of them were for logic), and was 19.5 mm by 21.6 mm (421 mm) and was created with a 180 nm design process, and a CMOS process with 6 layers of aluminium.

In 2003, AMD released the Opteron, which implemented the first x86-64 architecture (called AMD64 at the time). Opteron was much more successful because it was an easy upgrade from x86. Intel implemented x86-64 in its Xeon processors in 2004.

Intel released a new Itanium 2 processor, code-named "Madison", in 2003. Madison used a 130 nm process and was the foundation of all new Itanium processors until June 2006.

In March 2005, Intel announced that it was working on a new Itanium processor, code-named "Tukwila", to be released in 2007. Tukwila would have 4 processor cores and would replace the Itanium bus with a new Common System Interface, which would also be used by a new Xeon processor.Later in that year, Intel changed Tukwila's release date to late 2008.

In November 2005, the largest Itanium server makers worked with Intel and many software vendors to create the Itanium Solutions Alliance, to promote the architecture and speed up software porting. The Alliance said that its members would invest $10 billion in Itanium solutions by the end of the decade.

In 2006, Intel delivered "Montecito" (marketed as the Itanium 2 9000 series), a 2-core processor that had approximately 2x performance and 20% less energy usage.

Intel released the Itanium 2 9100 series, codenamed "Montvale", in November 2007. In May 2009, the release for Tukwila, Montvale's successor, was changed again, with release to OEMs planned for the first quarter of 2010.

The Itanium 9300 series processor, code-named "Tukwila", was released on February 8, 2010, with greater performance and memory.

Tukwila uses a 65 nm process, has between two and four cores, up to 24 MB CPU cache, Hyper-Threading technology and new memory controllers. It also has double-device data correction, which helps to fix memory issues. Tukwila also has Intel QuickPath Interconnect (QPI) to replace the Itanium bus architecture. It has a maximum inner-processor bandwidth of 96 GB/s and a maximum memory bandwidth of 34 GB/s. With QuickPath, the processor has built-in memory controllers, which control the memory using QPI interfaces to communicate with other processors and I/O hubs. QuickPath is also used with Intel processors using the "Nehalem" architecture, so that Tukwila and Nehalem might be able to use the same chipsets. Tukwila incorporates four memory controllers, each of which supports multiple DDR3 DIMMs via a separate memory controller.

The Itanium 9500 series processor, code-named "Poulson", is the follow-on processor to Tukwila and was released on November 8, 2012. Intel says it skips the 45 nm process technology and uses the 32 nm process technology instead; it features 8 cores, has a 12-wide issue architecture, multi-threading additions, and new instructions for parallelism, including virtualization. The Poulson L3 cache size is 32 MB. L2 cache size is 6 MB, 512 I KB, 256 D KB per core. Poulson's size is 544 mm², less than Tukwila's size (698.75 mm²).

In comparison with its Xeon server processors, Itanium has never been a large product for Intel. Intel does not release production numbers. One industry analyst estimated that the production rate was 200,000 processors per year in 2007.

According to Gartner, in 2008, HP had 95% of Itanium sales. HP's Itanium system sales were at $4.4 Billion at the end of 2008, and $3.5 Billion by the end of 2009, compared to a 35% decline in UNIX system revenue for Sun and an 11% drop for IBM, with an x86-64 server revenue increase of 14% during this period.

In December 2012, IDC released a research report stating that Itanium server shipments would remain flat through 2016, with annual shipment of 26,000 systems (a decline of over 50% compared to shipments in 2008).

, only a few providers have Itanium systems, such as HP, Bull, NEC, Inspur and Huawei. Intel offers a chassis that can be used by system integrators to build Itanium systems. HP sold 7,200 systems in the first quarter of 2006. Most Itanium systems sold are enterprise servers and machines for large-scale technical computing, with each system costing about US $200,000. A typical system uses eight or more Itanium processors.

The Itanium bus communicates with the rest of the system. Enterprise server makers differentiate their systems by making their own chipsets that interface the processor to memory, interconnections, and peripheral controllers. The chipset is the heart of the system-level architecture for each system design. Creation of a chipset costs tens of millions of dollars and represents a major commitment to the use of the Itanium. IBM created a chipset in 2003, and Intel in 2002, but neither of them developed chipsets to support technologies such as DDR2 or PCI Express. Chipsets for Itanium supporting such technologies were manufactured by HP, Fujitsu, SGI, NEC, and Hitachi.

The "Tukwila" Itanium processor model had been designed to share a common chipset with the Intel Xeon processor EX (Intel's Xeon processor designed for four processor and larger servers). The goal is to streamline system development and reduce costs for server OEMs, many of whom develop both Itanium- and Xeon-based servers. However, in 2013, this goal was pushed back to "evaluated for future implementation opportunities".

Itanium is or was supported (i.e. Windows version can no longer be bought) by the following operating systems:

Microsoft announced that Windows Server 2008 R2 would be the last version of Windows Server to support the Itanium (support started with XP), and that it would also discontinue development of the Itanium versions of Visual Studio and SQL Server. Likewise, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5 (first released in March 2007) was the last Itanium edition of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 

In late September 2012, NEC announced a return from IA-64 to the previous NOAH line of proprietary mainframe processors, now produced in a quad-core variant on 40 nm, called NOAH-6.

To allow more software to run on the Itanium, Intel supported the development of compilers optimized for the platform, especially its own suite of compilers. Starting in November 2010, with the introduction of new product suites, the Intel Itanium Compilers were no longer bundled with the Intel x86 compilers in a single product. Intel offers Itanium tools and Intel x86 tools, including compilers, independently in different product bundles.GCC, Open64 and Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 (and later) are also able to produce machine code for Itanium. According to the Itanium Solutions Alliance over 13,000 applications were available for Itanium-based systems in early 2008, though Sun has contested Itanium application counts in the past. The ISA also supported Gelato, an Itanium HPC user group and developer community that ported and supported open-source software for Itanium.

Itanium is aimed at the enterprise server and high-performance computing (HPC) markets. Other enterprise- and HPC-focused processor lines include Oracle Corporation's SPARC M7, Fujitsu's SPARC64 X+ and IBM's POWER8. Measured by quantity sold, Itanium's most serious competition comes from x86-64 processors including Intel's own Xeon line and AMD's Opteron line. Since 2009, most servers were being shipped with x86-64 processors.

In 2005, Itanium systems accounted for about 14% of HPC systems revenue, but the percentage declined as the industry shifts to x86-64 clusters for this application.

An October 2008 paper by Gartner, on the Tukwila processor stated that "...the future roadmap for Itanium looks as strong as that of any RISC peer like Power or SPARC."

An Itanium-based computer first appeared on the list of the TOP500 supercomputers in November 2001. The best position ever achieved by an "Itanium 2" based system in the list was #2, achieved in June 2004, when Thunder entered the list with an Rmax of 19.94 Teraflops. In November 2004, Columbia entered the list at #2 with 51.8 Teraflops, and there was at least one Itanium-based computer in the top 10 from then until June 2007. The peak number of Itanium-based machines on the list occurred in the November 2004 list, at 84 systems (16.8%); by June 2012, this had dropped to one system (0.2%), and no Itanium system remained on the list in November 2012.

The Itanium processors show a progression in capability. Merced was a proof of concept. McKinley dramatically improved the memory hierarchy and allowed Itanium to become reasonably competitive. Madison, with the shift to a 130 nm process, allowed for enough cache space to overcome the major performance bottlenecks. Montecito, with a 90 nm process, allowed for a dual-core implementation and a major improvement in performance per watt. Montvale added three new features: core-level lockstep, demand-based switching and front-side bus frequency of up to 667 MHz.

During the HP vs. Oracle support lawsuit, court documents unsealed by Santa Clara County Court judge revealed in 2008, Hewlett-Packard had paid Intel Corp. around $440 million to keep producing and updating Itanium microprocessors from 2009 to 2014. In 2010, the two companies signed another $250 million deal, which obliged Intel to continue making Itanium central processing units for HP's machines until 2017. Under the terms of the agreements, HP has to pay for chips it gets from Intel, while Intel launches Tukwila, Poulson, Kittson and Kittson+ chips in a bid to gradually boost performance of the platform.

"Kittson" is planned to follow Poulson in 2015. Kittson, like Poulson, will be manufactured using Intel's 32 nm process. Few other details are known beyond the existence of the codename and the binary and socket compatibility with Poulson and Tukwila, though moving to a common socket with x86 Xeon "will be evaluated for future implementation opportunities" after Kittson.



E. L. James

Erika Mitchell (born 7 March 1963), known by her pen name as E. L. James is an English author. James was born in London. She was raised in Buckinghamshire. She studied History at the University of Kent. James wrote: "Fifty Shades of Grey", "", "Fifty Shades Freed", and "Fifty Shades Darker".


<br>

Ko Chun-hsiung

Ko Chun-hsiung (; 15 January 1945 – 7 December 2015) was a Taiwanese actor, director, producer and politician. His career began in the 1960s and had appeared in over 120 movies.

During his career he has won the Golden Horse Awards, two Asia Pacific Film Festival for Best Actor Awards, a Panama International Film Festival for Best Actor Award. In 2005, Chinese Film Association of Performance Art named Ko on the list of 100 Outstanding Artists in Chinese Film (1905 - 2004).

Chun-hsiung died of lung cancer in Kaohsiung, Taiwan at the age of 70.


Holly Woodlawn

Holly Woodlawn (Haroldo Santiago Franceschi Rodriguez Danhakl; October 26, 1946 – December 6, 2015) was a transgender Puerto Rican actress and Warhol superstar. She was known for her roles in "Trash" (1970) and "Women in Revolt" (1972).

Woodlawn died in Los Angeles, California from brain cancer and liver cancer at the age of 69.

Uxbridge

Uxbridge is a town in west London which became a municipal borough in 1955. It has been part of the London Borough of Hillingdon since 1965. About 53,000 people live in Uxbridge. Its postcode is UB8.

Tolworth

Tolworth is a suburban area of southwest London. Its postcodes are KT5 and KT6.

Fremington, Devon

Fremington is a village in North Devon.

Kehelland

Kehelland () is a hamlet in the northwest of Cornwall, England.

There is a small primary school and a horticultural centre called Kehelland Trust. Kehelland Trust supports adults with learning difficulties.

West Tisbury, Wiltshire

West Tisbury is a civil parish in southwest Wiltshire, England. The nearest city is Salisbury, which is about 13 miles away.

In West Tisbury there are five hamlets:


Einherjar

In Norse mythology, the einherjar (lone-fighters) are warriors who have died in battle and are brought to Valhalla by valkyries. In Valhalla, the einherjar eat meat from the boar called Sæhrímnir. Every day he is boiled and every night he becomes whole again. They drink mead provided by a goat named Heiðrún. Every day they dress for battle and go out and fight each other. This is to prepare for the events of Ragnarök (the end of the world).

The einherjar are written about in the "Prose Edda" by Snorri Sturluson. Also in the poem written in the 13th century "Hákonarmál", by Eyvindr skáldaspillir.

African plate

The African Plate is a major tectonic plate. It includes much of the continent of Africa, as well as the oceanic crust which lies between the continent and various surrounding ocean ridges. Since the continent of Africa includes the African Plate and the smaller plates to its right, some literature refers to the African Plate as the Nubian Plate to distinguish it from the continent as a whole.

Between 60 million years ago (mya) and 10 mya, the Somali Plate began rifting from the African Plate along the East African Rift.

One hypothesis suggests a mantle plume beneath the Afar region. Another hypothesis suggests the rifting is just a zone of weakness as the plates to its east move northwards.

The African Plate's speed is about per year. It has been moving over the past 100 million years or so in a general northeast direction. This is drawing it closer to the Eurasian Plate. There is subduction where oceanic crust meets continental crust (in parts of the central and eastern Mediterranean). 

Along its northeast margin, the African Plate is bounded by the Red Sea rift where the Arabian Plate is moving away from the African Plate.

The African, Somali and Arabian Plates were once all part of the great southern supercontinent Gondwana, as was the Indian subcontinent.

OpenStep

OpenStep was an operating system by NeXT. It is an x86 version of the NeXTStep operating system, which was also by NeXT.

Rhapsody (operating system)

Rhapsody was the name given to Apple Computer's next-generation operating system. Apple got the Rhapsody operating system when they bought NeXT Inc. from Steve Jobs for $425 million. The same year Apple released Rhapsody to software developers so they could create versions of their software for the next release of the Apple operating system. But a key software vendor, Adobe Systems, did not like Apple's plan for the new OS. Without Adobe supporting them Apple decided not to go ahead with Rhapsody. Rhapsody was replaced by OS X, scheduled for 1999.

Palmchat

The palmchat ("Dulus dominicus") is a small passerine bird. It is the national bird of the Dominican Republic.

Arabian bustard

The Arabian bustard ("Ardeotis arabs") is a bird native to North Africa and the Middle East. It lives in the Sahel region (Mauritania, Senegal, Gambia, Mali, Burkina Faso, Niger, Nigeria, Chad, Sudan), South Sudan, Kenya, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Djibouti, Somalia, Saudi Arabia and Yemen.

As in all bustards, the male Arabian bustard is much larger than the female. Males have been found to weigh , while females weigh . The record-sized male Arabian bustard weighed . These birds stand from tall in females to tall in males.

National Bohemian

National Bohemian Beer is an American beer first made in Baltimore, Maryland. It is a premium Bohemian-style beer. Many people call it "Natty Boh" as a nickname.

In 1885, the National Brewing Company created National Bohemian beer. The first factory was in Baltimore, Maryland. The brewing stopped from 1920 to 1933 due to Prohibition. This was the period when nobody could drink alcohol in the US. In 1933 under the ownership of Jerold Hoffberger the factory of Natty Boh opened again. During the 1940s the factory of National Bohemian was the first in the US to adopt the six pack. In the 1970s, the Hoffberger family sold the brand name. During the next three decades, the brand of this beer was bought and sold by different companies. The copyright of the beer was purchased first by Stroh, then by G. Heileman Brewing, and then by Pabst, in 1999. Since the Hoffberger family sold the beer it has been brewed in North Carolina. From 1996 until 2011, National Bohemian wasn’t available directly from the bar, but only by cans or bottles. In 2014, an American citizen born in Russia, Eugene Kashper, bought the entire Pabst Company, so also National Bohemian.

Under the ownership of Jerold Hoffberger, Natty Boh was first associated with the city of Baltimore. In 1953, Jerold Hoffberger helped to bring the St. Louis Browns to Baltimore where they became the Baltimore Orioles. He made National Bohemian the main sponsor of the baseball team. About twelve years later Hoffberger bought the team. Under the ownership of Jerold Hoffberger the Orioles won two World Series and four American League pennants. Nattty Boh was served at the stadium. This was the period when National Bohemian became the beer of Baltimore because people identified the Orioles’ wins with the beer. Although the beer is not brewed in Maryland anymore, 95% of sales are still in Baltimore. This is why is it called "the beer of Maryland".

In 1933, the logo of this beer, Mr. Boh, was introduced. Mr. Boh is a one-eyed man with a black mustache. Thanks to the popularity achieved by National Bohemian with the Orioles, Mr. Boh became a symbol of Baltimore. His big face is still visible at the top of the old building where it was once brewed. Through the years, people started collecting gadgets with the logo of National Bohemian. Around Baltimore, several pubs serve Natty Boh as the main beer. These pubs are decorated with different gadgets of Mr. Boh.


Service animal

Service animals are animals that have been trained to do things to help people with disabilities. Service animals may also be called assistance animals, assist animals, support animals, or helper animals, depending on the country and what the animal does.

There are three basic types of assistance animals:

In the United States, as of the 2011 changes to Americans with Disabilities Act regulation only dogs may be used as service animals for the purposes of going to public places. However, in certain situations miniature horses are supposed to be accommodated the same as service animals that are dogs. The U.S. government does not recognize a right to use any other species as an assistance animal in public places where pets would not be permitted except on commercial aircraft. 

Dogs can be trained to do many different things to help owners with physical disabilities. For example, some dogs can be trained to:

Dogs can also be trained to help owners with psychiatric (mental health) disabilities. For example, some dogs can be trained to:

These are just examples of some of the things service dogs can do. Service dogs can also be trained to do many, many more things for people with all kinds of disabilities.

Miniature horses are horses that are usually less than three feet tall. They can be trained to:

An owner might choose a miniature horse as a service animal because they are allergic to dogs, or because their religion says that dogs are unclean. Miniature horses can also live and work for about 30 years, much longer than a service dog.

Are not allowed in buildings with a "no animal" policy. They may be used at home or outside where any animal is allowed, but under the 2011 ADA revision, only canines and in some cases miniature horses, are legally recognized as public access service animals.
Capuchin monkeys can be trained to do things with their hands, like: 

Helper monkeys can be helpful to people who have trouble with using their hands and arms, like people with quadriplegia, very bad spinal cord injuries, very bad injuries to their hands and arms, and multiple sclerosis.

Helper monkeys are usually raised in a human home as infants. Then they get years of training, usually in schools by private organizations. On average, they take 7 years to train. They are usually able to serve as helper monkeys for 25–30 years (two to three times longer than a service dog).

Not everyone agrees that monkeys should be service animals. Debbie Leahy, manager of captive wildlife protection for the Humane Society of the United States, says that monkeys are not real service animals and that sometimes they are abused during their training.

In the United States, helper monkeys are also not counted as service animals under most laws.

If an animal has not been trained to do a job or task that will help a person with a disability, it cannot be a service animal.

Some people with mental health problems, like anxiety or PTSD, use different kinds of animals to give them comfort (make them feel better) when they are upset. These animals are called "comfort animals" (or "Emotional Support Animals").

Some people use unusual comfort animals, like snakes, tarantulas, guinea pigs, turtles, and rats. Even if having the animal makes the owner feel better, these animals cannot be service animals because it is impossible to train them to do something to help a person with a disability.

Even if a comfort animal is a dog or a miniature horse, being a comfort animal is not the same as being a service animal. Comfort animals make their owners feel better just by being there. A service animal is trained to recognize that there is a problem and do the job they were trained to do to help their owner. For example, a psychiatric service dog would recognize that its owner is feeling upset and do a specific job, like get medicine, get help, or distract the person, to help them.

In the United States, service animals have some protection under the law. Different laws set rules about service animals in different situations. For example, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) governs the use of service animals in public places. Other laws, for example, control which service animals are allowed in housing. But these different laws do not agree on what counts as a service animal.

In 1990, the United States passed the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). Its goal was to protect the rights of people with disabilities. At first, it mentioned only guide dogs as service animals. Since then, it has been changed to include more protections. It now defines a service animal as any "dog that is individually trained to do work or perform tasks for people with disabilities."

This means that only dogs count as service animals under the ADA. However, there is a special section in the new ADA about miniature horses. This section says that places covered by the ADA (like businesses) should allow miniature horses "where reasonable." To decide whether allowing a miniature horse into a place is "reasonable," those places are allowed to use four questions:

If the answer to all four questions is "yes," the place needs to let the miniature horse in, and treat it like a service animal.

Other than service dogs and service miniature horses, no other type of assistance animal is protected under the ADA.

Under the ADA, it is illegal to refuse to let a service animal or its owner into: 

In these places, it is also illegal to treat a person with a service animal differently than any other person. The person with a service animal cannot be charged extra money, refused service, or kept apart from other people. A service animal can be asked to leave one of these places only if it is out of control (for example, if it is aggressive or urinates inside). The animal has to be on a leash, or controlled by its owner's voice or signals, all the time.

No one can ask for proof that the animal is a service animal. Owners do not have to carry any special papers or prove that their service animal can do a special task. If an owner and a service animal enter one of these places, workers are only allowed to ask two questions to make sure the animal is a service animal and not a pet:

It is legal to train your own service animal in the United States.

Service animals do not get these same protections in most religious organizations. Most religious organizations are exempt from the ADA's requirements, which means they do not have to obey the ADA.

Other laws have less strict definitions of which animals count as service animals. For example, the Department of Transportation's Air Carrier Access Act allows "dogs and other service animals" to ride with passengers on commercial airlines.

The Fair Housing Act also requires housing providers to allow service animals (including comfort and emotional support animals). This law does not say that only certain animals are allowed.

In most places in South America and Mexico, the place's owner or manager gets to decide whether to let a service animal in. There are no laws that protect service animals or their owners. In areas with many tourists, service dogs are generally welcomed without problems.

In Brazil, however, the President created a new law about service dogs in 2006. The law says that all service dogs in Brazil must be allowed to go anywhere that the public could go. The "Brasília Metro" (the Brazilian public transportation system) has developed a program which trains guide dogs to ride it.

Different European countries have different laws about service animals. Some countries have laws that govern the entire country, and sometimes different parts of the country govern themselves.

In Australia, the Disability Discrimination Act of 1992 legally protects all assistance dog handlers.

However, with current laws, owners may not always be allowed to have their service animals with them in all situations. Each state and territory has its own laws, which mainly have to do with guide dogs. Queensland has introduced the Guide Hearing and Assistance Dog Act 2009, which protects all certified assistance dogs.

In Canada, any service animal is allowed anywhere that the general public is allowed, as long as the owner is in control of the animal. In Alberta, there is a fine of up to $3000 for someone who refuses to let a service dog into a place where everyone else could go.

In South Korea, the law says service dogs must be let into any areas that are open to the public. People who break this law can be fined for up to 2 million "won" (about $1691 in United States dollars).


The Swan of Tuonela

The Swan of Tuonela is a tone poem by Finnish composer, Jean Sibelius.

Immovable property

Immovable property is property that cannot be moved from one place to another. It is generally connected to the ground or land on which it sits. The term immovable property also includes the land. 

In real estate law, immovable property has certain rights of ownership that go with title (full or partial) to that property. These may include rights to buildings, rights to collect rent, inherited rights, right of ways, ferries or fisheries. It generally does not include such things as grass, crops, or standing timber. 

In much of the world's civil law systems is the same as "real property"; it is land or any permanent feature or structure above or below the surface. In some countries, China for example, private ownership of land is not allowed. Individuals in China may obtain land rights for a fixed number of years for a fee. These rights may be transfered by legal means including gift or sale. They may also own houses, buildings or apartments, but not the land they sit on. In the United States immovable property is also known as real estate. In the United Kingdom it is also known as property. 

Burmese calendar

The Burmese calendar is a calendar where the months are based on lunar months. It is based on an older version of the Hindu calendar. It has been used in Myanmar since 640 CE. Today it is used as together with the Buddhist calendar.

Extortion

In law, extortion is a criminal offense. It is obtaining money, property, or service from a person or institution, through coercion. This may be by threat to a victim, to their property or family. It may also be by false claim (such as claiming to be a public official). Another form of extortion is offering a business owner "protection"; for example, to keep the business free from vandalism or burglary. In all states of the United States extortion is a felony.

Extortion may be in person, by telephone, mail, e-mail, text message or any form of wireless communication. If the extortion involves any form of interstate commerce, it may be a federal crime. It may involve the threat of hacking.

Extortion, like robbery and blackmail, are crimes that involve obtaining property by illegal means. The most serious of the three is robbery because it usually involves violence against the victim. Blackmail is a form of extortion. The threat is usually making damaging or embarrassing information public if demands are not met. The legal definition of extortion varies from one jurisdiction to another. In some states, extortion is only charged against public officials while the same act committed by a private individual is charged as blackmail.

Sonja Henie

Sonja Henie (8 April 1912 – 12 October 1969) was a famous Norwegian ice skater and movie star who was born in Oslo. She was a three-time Olympic Champion (1928, 1932, 1936) in Ladies' Singles, a ten-time World Champion (1927–1936) and a six-time European Champion (1931–1936). In 1936 she became a professional skater. Later she decided to become a movie star. At the height of her acting career she was one of the highest paid stars in Hollywood. Henie's connections with Adolf Hitler and other high-ranking Nazi officials made her the subject of controversy before, during, and after World War II. Sonja Henie ruled the " queen of ice" in her life and she still was one of the most influential people in figure skating. 

Marie Thérèse of France

Marie Thérèse of France (Marie Thérèse Charlotte; 19 December 1778 – 19 October 1851), "Madame Royale", was the eldest child of Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette. After her marriage to her cousin, Louis Antoine, Duke of Angoulême, the eldest son of the future Charles X, she was known as the Duchess of Angoulême. She became the Dauphine of France upon the accession of her father-in-law to the throne of France in 1824. Technically she was Queen of France for twenty minutes, on 2 August 1830. This was between the time her father-in-law signed the instrument of abdication and the time her husband, reluctantly, signed the same document.

Noisy miner

The noisy miner ("Manorina melanocephala") is a small grey bird with a black head and yellow eyes. This bird is common in the gardens of eastern Australian homes, but is not seen in Western Australia or the Northern Territory. The genus puts it in a large group of honey-eating birds. The species is a Latin word meaning "black-headed."

The noisy miner is a native of Australia, and one of the few native birds that is thriving in cities and suburbs. In some parts of Australia the number of noisy miners has grown to the point that it is driving out smaller birds like the wrens. It prefers gardens with open spaces and lawns. 
It usually eats the nectar from garden flowers, mostly on grevilleas, however it also walks around on grass picking up and eating small insects. 

It is highly aggressive when other birds enter its area of garden or bush, and it flocks together with other nearby noisy miners to make small defensive groups called 'coteries' of four or five which cooperate to drive off kookaburras or magpies. Sometimes they join together into even larger 'colonies' with up to a hundred or so birds.

The female will lay between two and four eggs in her nest, and food will be bought to the mother and her chicks by quite a few males in the coterie. Bringing up the chicks is often done by the whole group. They breed at any time in the year so there are often young noisy miners in the group. The younger birds usually have feathers and face colouring very similar to the adult birds, so it is often difficult to tell the difference.

They are sometimes called native miners, native mynas or native mynahs (actually an Indian spelling), and, in older bird books they might have up to twelve different names. At one time they were thought to be mainly bee-eaters, but they eat the nectar of Australian native flowers. They are also known to eat fruit and insects, and at times small reptiles and amphibians. While the name is often spelled myna, or mynah, they are not related to the introduced brown/black-feathered "Indian" or "Common mynah" which is usually slightly larger and often found in the same area.

As the common name suggests, the noisy miner is a noisy species. It has a large variety of songs, calls, scoldings and alarms, most of which are harsh single notes. It has a special alarm call which is only used when the threat comes from a large bird flying overhead, and a different alarm call when intruders like humans and dogs enter their territory. A study of the bird found that those who lived in a noisy urban area were able to make their alarm call louder so it could be heard.


Martin E. Brooks

Martin E. Brooks (born Martin Baum; November 30, 1925 – December 7, 2015) was an American character actor. He was known for playing scientist Dr. Rudy Wells in the television series "The Six Million Dollar Man" (1973–1978) and its spin-off, "The Bionic Woman" (1976–1978). He played Wells in three television movies: "The Return of the Six-Million-Dollar Man and the Bionic Woman" (1987), "Bionic Showdown: The Six Million Dollar Man and the Bionic Woman" (1989) and "Bionic Ever After?" (1994). He had roles in "Knots Landing", "General Hospital", and "Dallas". He also appeared in many Broadway productions. Brooks also wrote two novels.

Brooks was born in The Bronx, New York. He grew up in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. He served his country as a paratrooper during World War II.

Brooks died from natural causes on December 7, 2015 in Los Angeles, California. He was 90.

Nancy Lopez

Nancy Marie Lopez (born January 6, 1957) is an American professional golfer. She was born in Torrance, California. She became a member of the LPGA Tour in 1977 and won 48 LPGA Tour events, including three major championships. 

During her first full season on the LPGA Tour in 1978, Lopez won nine tournaments, including five consecutive. She appeared on the cover of "Sports Illustrated" in July of that year. She also won the Vare Trophy for lowest scoring average, LPGA Rookie of the Year, LPGA Player of the Year and was named the Associated Press Female Athlete of the Year. She won another eight times in 1979. Lopez has won multiple times in each year from 1980 to 1984, although she played only half-seasons in 1983 and 1984 due to the birth of her first child.

Lopez was considered the best golfer of her time. She was also considered outstanding at putting. She was also known for her kindness.

Meadowlark Lemon

Meadow "Meadowlark" Lemon III (April 25, 1932 – December 27, 2015) was an American basketball player, actor, and Christian minister. For 22 years, Lemon was known as the "Clown Prince" of the touring Harlem Globetrotters basketball team.

Lemon played in more than 16,000 games for the Globetrotters and is a 2003 inductee of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. He was born in Wilmington, North Carolina.

He studied at a historically black college, Florida A&M University in 1952, but was drafted into the US Army before he could finish. The Globetrotters first became aware of Lemon in 1954 while he was in Austria in the army and they were touring Europe.

Lemon died on December 27, 2015 in Scottsdale, Arizona, aged 83.

Lemon visited the White House to meet President Gerald Ford and First Lady, Betty Ford in 1974.

Lemon says: "I was also a good friend of the Reagan's "[sic]" because I'm also an actor. I worked closely with Nancy Reagan on her 'Just say no to drugs' program." This was a program started by First Lady Reagan to discourage illegal drug use by young people.

A born-again Christian, Lemon became an ordained minister in 1986. He received a Doctor of Divinity degree from Vision International University in San Diego, California, in 1988.

In 2009, Lemon became a part-owner of the Smoky Mountain Jam of the American Basketball Association. This was a semi-professional men's basketball league that was formed in 1999.


Olga Korbut

Olga Valentinovna Korbut (born May 16, 1955 in Grodno, Belarus), also known as the "Sparrow from Minsk", is a retired Belarusian gymnast. She won four gold medals and two silver medals at the Summer Olympic Games, in which she competed in 1972 and 1976 for the Soviet team. She could do backwards flips from the balance beam and uneven parallel bars, when no one else could. 

After her retirement from gymnastics, she became a teacher.

Kayapo people

The Kayapo (Portuguese: Caiapó ) people are an indigenous people in Brazil. They are found along the plain islands of the Mato Grosso and Pará in Brazil, south of the Amazon Basin and along Rio Xingu and its tributaries. Kayapo call themselves "Mebengokre", which means "people of the wellspring". Kayapo people also call outsiders "Poanjos".

The Kayapo tribe live alongside the Xingu River in the eastern part of the Amazon Rainforest, near the Amazon basin. They live in several scattered villages ranging in population from, one hundred to one thousand people in Brazil. Their land consists of tropical rainforest savannah (grassland). It is arguably the largest tropical protected area in the world covering 11,346,326 million hectares. They have small hills scattered around their land and the area is criss-crossed by river valleys. The larger rivers feed into numerous spas and creeks, most of which don’t have official names.

In 2010, there was an estimated 8,638 Kayapo people. which is an increase from 7,096 in 2003. Subgroups of the Kayapo include the Xikrin, Gorotire, Mekranoti and Metyktire. Their villages typically consist of a dozen huts. A centrally located hut serves as a meeting place for village men to discuss community issues. One of the Kayapo tribes, all of the women shave a distinctive V shape into their scalp.

Territorialism

Territorialism may refer to: 

Tiberius Claudius Cogidubnus

Tiberius Claudius Cogidubnus was a 1st century king of the Regnenses in early Roman Britain. Cogidubnus ruled at Chichester. When the Roman Emperor Claudius conquered Britain he set himself up at Colchester and received the submission of the various tribes. Cogidubnus was one of those who submitted to him. Claudius confirmed Cogidubnus' kingdom and even expanded its borders. Cogidubnus was given the unusual title "rex legatus Augusti in Britannia". When Cogidubnus became a Roman citizen he took the name "Tiberius Claudius Cogidubnus". He was a loyal client-king to the Romans. He convinced his people to remain loyal to india

Oxford University Press

Oxford University Press (OUP) is the largest university press in the world, and the second-oldest, after Cambridge University Press. It is a department of the University of Oxford. It is governed by the Delegates of the Press. This is a group of 15 members of the university. They are headed by the Secretary to the Delegates, who serves as OUP' s chief executive and as its major representative on other university bodies. Oxford University has been using this system of contol since the 17th century.

The university started printing books around 1480. It soon grew into a major printer of Bibles, prayer books, and scholarly works. It began what later became the "Oxford English Dictionary" in the late 19th century. Over the last hundred years, Oxford has grown and now publishes children's books, school text books, music, journals, the World's Classics series, a best-selling range of English Language Teaching texts, as well as its academic and religious titles. It opened its first international office in New York in 1896. Changes caused by computer technology and the need to lower costs, led to the Press contracting out its printing and binding work. The Press's printing house at Oxford was closed in 1989. Its former paper mill at Wolvercote was demolished in 2004. 

The Press publishes about 6,000 new titles around the world every year. It is a charitable organization, its profits go to the University of Oxford. The university's aims of excellence in scholarship, research, and education are supported through its publishing activities.

Moeraki Boulders

The Moeraki Boulders are a rock formation in New Zealand. They are unusually large and spherical boulders on Koekohe Beach on the Otago coast, between Moeraki and Hampden. Some of the boulders are in groups, while others stand by themselves. The area has been protected in a scientific reserve.

The boulders sit in mudstone, which is eroded by the action of the waves along the beach. This leaves the boulders exposed on the sand.

Local Māori legends say the boulders as the remains of eel baskets, calabashes, and kumara washed ashore from the wreck of Arai-te-uru, a large sailing canoe. The rocks that extend seaward from Shag Point are the petrified hull of this shipwreck. A nearby rocky promontory is the body of the canoe's captain.

In 1848 a drawing of the beach and its boulders, shows there were more than now. This picture is now in the Alexander Turnbull Library in Wellington. The boulders were described in 1850 colonial reports and numerous popular articles since that time. In more recent times they have become a popular tourist attraction, often described and pictured in numerous web pages and tourist guides.

Religious law

Religious law comes from the sacred texts of various religions. They cover most parts of personal and contract law. Most religious law systems are either based on Islamic law (Sharia) or Judaic law ("Halakha"). Religious laws generally are used in countries that also have other legal systems such as civil or common law.

Religious laws are seen to be eternal and do not change over time. Secular laws (non-religious) can be changed by their lawmakers. Religious laws govern people's behaviors and their beliefs. Secular laws deal with people's actions and how they affect other people. In religious law, disputes are settled by officials of that religion combining the actions of a judge and a priest. In secular systems the judiciary is independent.

Sharia deals with many topics, including crime, politics, marriage contracts, trade regulations, religious instructions, and economics. It also covers personal matters such as sexual intercourse, hygiene, diet, prayer, everyday etiquette and fasting. to sharia is an important part of the Muslim faith. In the est sense, sharia is considered in Islam as the infallible law of God.

There are two primary sharia: the Quran, and the Hadiths (opinions and life example of Muhammad). For issues not directly covered in these primary sources, sharia is used. The sources differ between the various sects of Islam (Sunni and Shia are the majority). They also differ by the various jurisprudence schools such as Hanafi, Maliki and Shafi'i.

Historically, in the diaspora, halakha served many Jewish communities as both civil and religious law. There was no difference in classical Judaism. Modern religious leaders have come to view the halakha as less binding in day-to-day life. This is because it relies on Rabbinic interpretation instead of the pure, written words written in the Hebrew Bible.

Under contemporary Israeli law certain areas of Israeli family and personal law are under the authority of the rabbinic courts. This means they are treated according to "halakha". Some differences in "halakha" itself are found among Ashkenazi, Mizrahi, Sephardi, Yemenite and other Jews who historically lived in isolated communities.

Buckwheat Zydeco

Buckwheat Zydeco was the stage name of Stanley Dural, Jr. (November 14, 1947 – September 24, 2016) was an American accordionist and zydeco musician. 

He was one of the few zydeco artists to become popular. His music group was known as Buckwheat Zydeco and Ils Son Partis Band, but often they perform as merely "Buckwheat Zydeco".

Dural died of lung cancer at age 68 on September 24, 2016 in a hospital in Lafayette, Louisiana.


Elsie Tu

Elsie Tu, GBM, CBE (née Hume; ; 2 June 1913 – 8 December 2015), was an English-born Hong Kong social activist. She was born in Newcastle upon Tyne. She was an elected member of the Urban Council of Hong Kong, and member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. She became known for her strong opposition of colonialism and corruption.

Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990

The Americans with Disabilities Act (the ADA) is a law that was passed by the United States Congress in 1990. President George H. W. Bush signed the ADA, making it an official United States law, on July 26, 1990. Later, President George W. Bush amended (changed) the ADA and signed those changes into law. The changes started on January 1, 2009.

The ADA is a detailed civil rights law whose goal is to protect people with disabilities from discrimination. Before the ADA, people with disabilities did not have many legal protections. In 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 was passed. This law made it illegal to discriminate against people because of their race, religion, gender, national origin (home country), and many other things. But people with disabilities were not included or protected under the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The ADA gave the Civil Rights Act's protections - and some others - to people with disabilities.

The ADA protects people with disabilities. The ADA says that a disability is a physical or mental problem that makes it very difficult to do at least one "major life activity." Major life activities are things like walking, breathing, learning, reading, communicating, seeing, hearing, thinking, and other very important tasks.

The ADA does not include a complete list of all possible disabilities, but it does give some examples. As long as they make it very difficult to do at least one major life activity, examples of disabilities protected under the ADA include:

The ADA also counts some other groups of people as "people with disabilities" to protect them from discrimination:

The ADA lists some conditions that are not counted as disabilities. People with these conditions are not protected by the ADA. The goal of not including these people was to make sure the ADA's goal of protecting people with disabilities was not abused.

Conditions that do not count as disabilities under the ADA include:

The ADA has five sections, which are called "titles". Each title protects against a different kind of discrimination. The titles are numbered in Roman numerals: I (one), II (two), III (three), IV (four), and V (five).

Title I of the ADA protects against discrimination in employment (work).

Not every employer has to follow the ADA's rules. Employers that are covered by the ADA, and have to follow the ADA's rules, are called "covered entities."

Employers that have to follow the ADA's rules include: 

Title I says that employers who are covered by the ADA cannot discriminate against a person with a disability, as long as that person is qualified (able) to do their job. Title I does "not" say that people with disabilities have to be hired for jobs that they are not qualified for.

These employers do have to give "reasonable accommodations" to workers with disabilities if needed. An "accommodation" is a change in the way things are usually done. It is a change that a worker needs because of a disability, to help them do their job. If a worker with a disability needs reasonable accommodations to do their job, that does not mean they are not qualified to do their job. As long as the worker is able to do their job with the help of accommodations, they are qualified to do the job.

Some accommodations are very simple, like letting a worker have a glass of water at their desk so they can take medicines. Examples of other accommodations are: 

However, the accommodation must be "reasonable." An accommodation is not reasonable if it would be very difficult or very expensive. If an accommodation is not reasonable, the employer does not have to give it.

Title I protects against many kinds of discrimination, including:

Usually, employers cannot ask workers or people applying for jobs whether they have a disability, or ask them to give details about their disability.

If a person with a disability thinks their employer has discriminated against them, they can make a complaint to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). The complaint has to be made within 180 days of when the discrimination happened. If the EEOC thinks discrimination has happened, they will send a letter that tells the person with the disability that they have the right to sue (file a lawsuit against) their employer. The person with the disability may then file a lawsuit in federal court.

Title II protects against discrimination in all activities of state and local governments.

State and local governments have to give people with disabilities the same chances as people without disabilities to use all of their programs and services. If people with disabilities need reasonable accommodations to be able to participate in these programs, the state or local government has to make them.

For example, people with disabilities must be allowed, just the same as people without disabilities, to:

State and local governments also have to:

A special part of Title II covers public transportation. It protects people with disabilities from being discriminated against by public transportation. This includes city buses, subways, commuter trains, Amtrak, and all other transportation that the public can use.

Local and state governments have to:

Wherever there is a bus or train line that runs on a fixed route (it cannot make special stops), the government must provide "paratransit". Paratransit is a service for people with disabilities who cannot use the regular public transportation system. Paratransit (usually a car or bus) picks them up and drops them off where they need to go.

If a person with a disability thinks that they have been discriminated against by a state or local government, they can complain to the United States Department of Justice. The complaint has to be made within 180 days of when the discrimination happened. A few different things might happen after the person files their complaint:

A person with a disability can also file their own lawsuit in a federal court, saying that the state or local government discriminated against them. The person does not need to complain to the Department of Justice first, or have the Department of Justice tell them they have the right to sue.

Title III protects against discrimination by "public accommodations." Public accommodations are private organizations or people which own, lease, or run places meant for the public to use. Examples of public accommodations include:
Title III also protects against discrimination by:

There are two types of places that are exempt from Title III, and do not have to follow its rules. These are:

"All" public accommodations have to do these things:


The rules for what is "accessible" are set out in the 2010 ADA Standards for Accessibility Design. Examples of these rules include:

"Most" public accommodations (but not commercial facilities) have to do these things:


Private companies that teach classes or give tests must make reasonable accommodations to make it possible for people with disabilities to take the classes or tests. Some examples of reasonable accommodations are:

If a person with a disability thinks that they have been discriminated against by a public accommodation, they can complain to the United States Department of Justice. They can write a letter, fax a letter, or use an online form at http://www.ada.gov/filing_complaint.htm. A few different things might happen after the person files their complaint:

If a person is unable to write, fax, or type a complaint because of a disability, the Department of Justice will make reasonable accommodations to help. The person can call the Department of Justice's ADA Information Line. The Information Line is answered by ADA Specialists. A person with a disability can explain their complaint, and the Specialist will write it down for them. If the person is deaf and uses American Sign Language, a Specialist can take their complaint by videophone (so they can see each other and sign back and forth to each other).

A person can also file their own lawsuit against the public accommodation, without needing the Department of Justice to say they have a "right to sue."

Title IV of the ADA protects against discrimination by telecommunications companies in the U.S. (like phone companies).

Title IV protects any person with a disability, but it focuses on people with speaking and hearing disabilities, because they have the most trouble talking by phone.

Title IV says that all telecommunications companies in the United States have to make sure that people with disabilities have equal access to telecommunication. This means that they have to provide telecommunication services that are just as good as what people without disabilities get. For example, they have to:
Relay services have changed a lot since 1990. At first, the most common relay services were teletypewriter (TTY) and Telecommunications for the Deaf (TDD) devices. These were like phones with typewriters attached. Two people with TDDs could type back and forth to each other. Or, if a person with a disability wanted to call a regular phone (like a pizza restaurant), they could type into the phone, an operator would read the message out loud to the pizza restaurant, listen to the restaurant's answer and type it back to the person with a disability.

Title IV also led every state in the U.S. to create Telecommunications Relay Services (TRS), such as STS relay. STS stands for Speech-to-Speech. It was created for people who have speaking problems. STS relay operators listen to what the person is saying and repeats it in a clear voice to make it easier for the other person to understand. Today, many calls that use TRS are made over the Internet by consumers who use broadband connections. Some are Video Relay Service (VRS) calls, while others are text calls. Either way, communication assistants translate between the signed or typed words of a consumer and the spoken words of others. In 2006, according to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), VRS calls averaged two million minutes a month.

Complaints about discrimination under Title IV go to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).

Title V includes various other extra rules. For example, it says:


Matey Kaziyski

Matey Kaziyski (; born 23 September 1984) is a Bulgarian volleyball player. He was a member of Bulgaria men's national volleyball team in 2003-2012 and Japanese club Panasonic Panthers, a participant of the Olympic Games Beijing 2008, bronze medalist of the World Championship 2006, World Cup 2007 and European Championship 2009. He is a multiple winner of the CEV Champions League and FIVB Club World Championship with the Italian club Trentino Volley.


Alan Hodgkinson

Alan Hodgkinson MBE (16 August 1936 – 8 December 2015) was an English professional football goalkeeper and goalkeeping coach. 

At just over , Hodgkinson was on the small side for a goalkeeper, but made up for the lack of height by his good positional play. He played for Sheffield United from 1954 to 1971 and for the England national football team from 1957 to 1960.

Hodgkinson died on 8 December 2015 at the age of 79.

William B. Davis

William Bruce Davis (born January 13, 1938) is a Canadian actor, television director, and activist. He is best known for his role as The Smoking Man on "The X-Files". Recently, he has been an activist to stop global warming.

Davis was born in Toronto, Ontario.


Isuzu Rodeo

The Isuzu Rodeo was a mid-size SUV sold from 1991-2004. From 1991-1997, the 2.6-liter 4-cylinder 120 horsepower engine was standard on the 2WD Rodeo S. The Rodeo had an optional V6 engine and four-wheel drive. The first series Rodeos had a number of safety issues. It had very poor crash test scores. Front airbags were installed for the first time in 1995. The second generation Rodeo came out in 1998. A new V6 engine gave it much more power. While the exterior design did not change very much, it became known as one of the best SUVs available at the time. But it could not keep up with the other SUVs in the market. Isuzu would later replace the Rodeo with the Ascender, a badge-engineered GMC Envoy in 2005

GMC Envoy

The GMC Envoy was a midsize SUV sold by the GMC division of General Motors. It was introduced in 1998. In 2002 the Envoy was improved and rode on the same chassisas the new Chevrolet TrailBlazer. The Envoy was later given an extended wheelbase. In 2004 it was given a trim package called XUV. This was an Envoy XL with no third row seating and a retractable roof over the cargo bay. This was an attempt to make it both an SUV and a pickup truck. The resulting odd-looking Envoy XUV did not sell well. 2009 was the last model year for the Envoy. It had daytime running lights, electronic stability control, anti-lock brakes and a rollover sensor that automatically deployed the side curtain air bags. It was replaced by the GMC Terrain.

Isiah Thomas

Isiah Lord Thomas III (born April 30, 1961) is a retired American basketball player. He played professionally for the Detroit Pistons in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Thomas was just over 6 feet tall, making him a "small man" by basketball standards. He was one of the greatest point guards in basketball history. His only peer in the 1980s was Earvin "Magic" Johnson who played for the Los Angeles Lakers.

He grew up poor on Chicago's South Side. As a boy he showed a talent for basketball. At this time Thomas realized his basketball skills might help his family get out of poverty and the unsafe neighborhood. Thomas attended the Indiana University. He was a member of the US men's basketball team at the 1980 Summer Olympics. Because of the US boycott, the team did not go to Moscow.

Thomas was a first round draft choice by the Detroit Pistons. He was signed to a 4-year contract. In 1984 Thomas was given an 11-year, $12 million contract. This was both the longest and highest paying player contract in Detroit Pistons history. A torn achilles tendon forced him to retire in 1994.

Thomas was the 1982 NBA Rookie of the Year. He was named the Most Valuable Player in the 1984, 1986 and 1990. He played in twelve All-star games. In 1996 he was named one of the 50 greatest players in NBA history.

Thomas has one of the best records in NBA history. He scored a total of 18,822 points averaging 19.2 points per game. He was named to the NBA's 50th Anniversary All-Time Team. In 2000 he was named to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.

Audencia Nantes School of Management

Audencia Nantes School of Management is a business school in Nantes, France. It is accredited by the Association of MBAs (AMBA), European Quality Improvement System (EQUIS) and the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB). The school enrolls 3000 students from almost 50 countries. It offers bachelor's, international master's, specialised masters and MBAs degrees. It also offers executive education courses.

The school was started in 1900 as the "École Supérieure de Commerce de Nantes". The school's name was changed in 2000 to its current name, Audencia Nantes School of Management. The name Audencia comes from two Latin words: "audientia" (meaning to hear or listen) and "audacia" (meaning boldness or daring).

The school has a partnership with the French Civil Aviation University for a dual degree engineering / management.


The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim

The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an action role-playing, open-world video game which was made by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks. Skyrim is the fifth game in The Elder Scrolls series. It is a sequel to . Skyrim was released worldwide on November 11, 2011 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. Three add-ons were later released for Skyrim. They were Dawnguard, Hearthfire and Dragonborn. The legendary edition of Skyrim was released on June 4, 2013, this included ‘’The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim’’ Dawnguard, Hearthfire and Dragonborn.

The player character is known as the Dragonborn in game, a mortal with a dragon's soul and blood.

"Skyrim"s main story revolves around the player character and their quest to defeat Alduin the World-Eater, A dragon which is said to destroy Tamriel. Tamriel is a ficitional continent in which Skyrim is region. The game takes place two hundred years after takes place. In ‘’Skyrim’’ the user can travel anywhere in the game world due to it being open world.

The game was created using the Creation Engine, which was rebuilt for Skyrim. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was released to critical acclaim. The game sold over 20 million copies across all three platforms.

"The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" is an action role-playing game, it uses first-person and third-person perspectives. The player can freely travel around Skyrim, as it is an open-world game. Skyrim has wilderness, dungeons, cities, towns, fortresses, villages,and bandit bases. Players can travel the world using horses or by fast traveling which allows the player to travel to any discovered place. The game’s main quest can be completed or ignored, up to the players choice. Some quests rely on the main story's progression.

Bad Rats: The Rats' Revenge

Bad Rats: The Rats' Revenge is a puzzle video game from 2009. It was made by Invent4 Entertainment for Microsoft Windows. The mission of the game is to solve physics puzzles to take revenge on cats. The game is known for its popularity and terrible reputation among Steam users.

The goal of each stage is to use rats to activate an object to kill a cat. The player must place objects within a time limit. The player's score is based on the objects used and time taken.

The game did not receive professional reviews on Metecritic or GameRankings. According to "Kotaku", it is a "nearly universally reviled" game.


Ramus Pomifer

Ramus Pomifer (Latin for "apple branch") was a constellation found between Hercules and Lyra. It represented a branch held in Hercules' left hand. It later formed a new constellation: "Cerberus et Ramus" (along with Cerberus, that shared many of the same stars).

Natural Wonder

Natural Wonder is a live album by American musician Stevie Wonder. It was recorded in Osaka, Japan and released on November 21, 1995. It was both Wonder's second album to be released in 1995 and his fourth live album and first since 1970's "Stevie Wonder Live".


(*) Previously unreleased songs.


Song Review: A Greatest Hits Collection

Song Review: A Greatest Hits Collection is a 1996 double disc greatest hits album by Stevie Wonder. Wonder would release another greatest hits album called "At the Close of a Century" three years later.




At the Close of a Century

At the Close of a Century is a box set album that has Stevie Wonder's greatest hits from 1962-1995 and was released on November 21, 1999.





The Definitive Collection (Stevie Wonder album)

Stevie Wonder: The Definitive Collection is a greatest hits album, released in 2002, by American singer Stevie Wonder.




NOTE: In 2003, the set was re-released with a re-recorded version of "Signed, Sealed, Delivered I'm Yours" featuring Blue and Angie Stone.


Ordinary (liturgy)

The catholic mass is made of two parts: One that changes during the year, and the other one that does not. The one that does not change is usually called Ordinary. The part that canges is usually called Proper. The Latin names for these are "Ordinarium" and "Proprium". When talkin about the music performed in Church, an ordinary usually consists of the following (which are either songs or prayers):
Protestant and Eastern Orthodox often use the same songs, but they have adapted the texts. Nowadays, the text is often translated to the local language.

Shirley Stelfox

Shirley Stelfox (11 April 1941 – 7 December 2015) was an English actress. She was best known for her role as Edna Birch on the British soap opera "Emmerdale".

Stelfox died in Yorkshire Dales, Yorkshire from cancer of unknown primary origin on 7 December 2015, aged 74.


Mattiwilda Dobbs

Mattiwilda Dobbs (July 11, 1925 – December 8, 2015) was an African-American coloratura soprano. She was one of the first black singers to enjoy a major international career in opera. After winning the International Music Competition in Geneva, Switzerland, in 1951, she made her professional operatic debut at the Holland Festival, as the Nightingale in Stravinsky's "The Nightingale", in 1952.

Dobbs died on December 8, 2015 at her home in Atlanta, Georgia of cancer of unknown primary origin at the age of 90.


Bonnie Lou

Mary Joan Okum (née Kath; October 27, 1924 – December 8, 2015), known by her performing name Bonnie Lou, was an American musical pioneer. She was one of first female rock and roll singers. She was also one of the first artists to gain crossover success from country music to rock and roll. She was the "top name" on the first country music program regularly broadcast on a national TV network. 

Lou was one of the first female co-hosts of a successful television talk show, and a regular musical performer on popular shows in the 1960s and 1970s. She "was a prime mover in the first days of rockabilly," and is a member of the Rockabilly Hall of Fame.

Lou died from complications of dementia under hospice care in Cincinnati, Ohio, aged 91.

Abduction

Abduction is the criminal act of taking a person away by means of fraud, persuasion, by threat of violence or by force. Kidnapping, by comparison, is limited to a threat of violence or forcefully taking adults or by the taking of children. It often involves some form of false imprisonment. In some states, kidnapping and abduction are treated as the same thing. But in most jurisdictions they are separate crimes. Unlawful interference with family members such as removing a child from its parents is abduction. It does not matter if the minor consents or not. Kidnapping is the unlawful taking of a person against their will. Abduction can also mean the taking of any female person for the purposes of human trafficking, prostitution, concubinage or (forced) marriage.

During wars, children are often abducted. They may be treated brutally or killed. They may be victims of sexual violence or may be used as soldiers. Children are abducted both by armed parties or governments. They may be taken as an act of retaliation against a population. 

When a marriage breaks down, it is not uncommon for one parent to wish to return, with his or her children, to their state of origin. This is usually without the permission of the other parent. This becomes an international child abduction. The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child requires "State Parties shall take measures to combat the illicit transfer and non-return of children abroad". Also that they "promote the conclusion of bilateral or multilateral agreements or accession to existing agreements". International child abductions are a matter treated by civil law and in some cases criminal law.


Embezzlement

Embezzlement is the theft or misappropriating of funds or assets belonging to a company or government. It is the misusing of property lawfully entrusted to a person who then converts it for his or her own use. Accounting embezzlement is hiding the theft of funds by the manipulation of accounting records. Embezzlement is most commonly a corporate crime.

There are many different ways to embezzle funds. "Skimming off the top" is when a person continually takes a small amount over a period of time. Someone may disappear after taking a large amount of funds. Managers may steal money by under-reporting income and keeping the unreported funds.

The US Internal Revenue Service requires the reporting of all income when a person files their income tax forms. Failure to include embezzled funds in their gross income can bring charges of tax evasion by the IRS. This is in addition to any other jurisdictions criminal charges of embezzlement. 

Action role-playing game

Action role-playing games (or action RPG) is a sub-genre of role-playing video games. It includes action or action-adventure games.

Eskender Mustafaiev

Eskender Mustafaiev (Ukrainian: Ескендер Аметович Мустафаєв; born July 17, 1981) is a swimmer from Aqyar/Sevastopil. Ukraine. He won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the 50 metre freestyle S4 race.

Mustafaiev was a member of the swimming team from Ukraine at the 2011 IPC European Swimming Championships in Berlin, Germany. He competed in the Men’s 50m Freestyle S4.

When he was 31-years-old, Mustafaiev won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the 50 metre freestyle S4 with a time of 38.26 seconds. He also competed in the 100m freestyle, 50m backstroke and 200m freestyle races in London. He was one of three people from the Ukraine who was from Crimea who competed in London. The other two sportspeople were swimmer Dmytro Kryzhanivskyi and shooter Olha Mustafaieva. He finished last in the 50m backstroke final. After the 2012 Games, they gave him the Order of Merit for his sport work.

At the 2013 IPC Swimming World Championships in Montreal, Mustafaiev won a gold in the men’s 50 freestyle S4 with a time of 37.96 seconds. He won a silver medal in the men’s 100 freestyle S4. He lost the race to Slovenia's Darko Duric, who defeated him by a third of a second.

Mustafaiev did not compete at the 2014 IPC Swimming European Championships and did not defend his world championship title.

In October 2014, Mustafaiev, two other Crimean Paralympic and Deaflympic swimmers and a Crimean Paralympic or Deaflympic coach lost their Ukrainian sports scholarship. This was decided after reports they moved to Russia.

Deimatic defence

Deimatic defence is when prey startle predators and so get time to escape. The predator gets a shock, and often jumps back when startled. Many prey use this tactic when a predator gets close. It is an anti-predator defence.

This method is a fake, where a real aposematic warning signal is genuine. Many species of frog put on warning displays; but only some of these species do have poison glands. 

Displays are classified as deimatic or aposematic by the responses of the animals that see them. 
In the second case, the behaviour is both deimatic and aposematic. It startles the predator, and the display truly indicates the prey is bad to eat. 

Tax advantage

Tax advantage refers to the financial gain which applies to certain accounts or investments. These include accounts that are, by statute, tax-reduced, tax-deferred, or tax-free. Governments establish tax advantages to encourage private individuals to contribute money when it is considered to be in the public interest. An example is retirement plans, which often offer tax advantages to savings for retirement. In the United States municipal bonds may also be exempt from certain taxes. 

In countries in which the average age of the population is increasing, tax advantages may put pressure on pension plans. For example, where benefits are funded on a pay-as-you-go basis, the benefits paid to those receiving a pension come directly from the contributions (money paid) of those of working age. If the proportion of pensioners to working-age people rises, the contributions needed from working people will also rise proportionately. In the United States, the rapid onset of Baby Boomer retirement is currently causing such a problem.

Eye-spot (mimicry)

An eye-spot (or ocellus) is an eye-like marking on the body of an animal. They are found on butterflies, reptiles, felids, birds and fish.

Eye-spots may be a form of mimicry: the spot looks like the eye of a larger animal. Its function may be to draw a predator's attention away from the most vulnerable body parts; or to look like an unpleasant or dangerous animal. 

In larger animals, eyespots may play a role in intraspecies communication or courtship – the best-known example is probably the eyespots on a peacock's display feathers.

There is evidence that eyespots in butterflies are anti-predator defences. Some are deimatic displays to distract, startle or scare off predators, or at least to deflect attacks away from vital body parts. Butterfly eyespots may also play a role in mate recognition and sexual selection, like the eyespots on larger organisms.

Tax deduction

A tax deduction is a way to reduce the amount of income that is subject to a tax. Tax deductions and tax credits both lower the amount of money a person has to pay in taxes. But they do it differently. A tax deduction is subtracted from the gross income of a taxpayer. For example, if a couple had an income of $60,000 for the year, and they had paid $10,000 in interest on their mortgage, their taxable income would be reduced to $50,000. The value of a tax deduction depends on a person's tax rate, which rises with income. A tax credit, by comparison, has the same value for all taxpayers. In the USA, there are hundreds of different tax deductions. Some are only available to taxpayers in certain income brackets. Some are available to businesses in particular industries.

Saimaa ringed seal

The Saimaa ringed seal ("Pusa hispida saimensis") is a subspecies of ringed seal ("Pusa hispida"). Usually seals live in the sea, but Saimaa ringed seals live in Lake Saimaa in Finland. There are only 320 Saimaa ringed seals in the world. They are among the most endangered seals in the world. 

After the last ice age was over, dry land was rising slowly. This isolated Lake Saimaa from the sea. Some seals were also isolated in Saimaa. Their successors become Saimaa ringed seals. 

An adult Saimaa ringed seal is between long and weighs between . Usually male seals are larger than females. Their colour is dark gray, with circular white ring patterns.

Saimaa ringed seals give birth towards the end of February. They dig a nest in snow on top of lake ice. Snow nest gives shelter for young seal pups. If there is not enough snow, young seals do not survive. In 2010s, volunteers help seals by building artificial piles of snow on lake ice. Studies by the University of Eastern Finland showed the ringed seals would nest in man-made snowdrifts the same as natural snowdrifts.

<br>

LGBT rights in Alaska

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) persons living in the U.S. state of Alaska are able to marry. A U.S. district court declared Alaska's denial of same-sex marriages unconstitutional on October 12, 2014.

State law does not address hate crimes based on gender identity or sexual orientations. Anchorage, however, does have an ordinance "to outlaw discrimination in Anchorage based on sexual orientation or gender identity". Anchorage makes up 41% of the total population of Alaska.

Regnenses

The Regnenses, Regni or Regini were a British Celtic people. They were ruled by a king. Their their territory or kingdom was later a "civitas" of Roman Britain. Their capital was "Noviomagus Reginorum", known today as Chichester in modern West Sussex.

Before the Romans conquered Britain their land and capital appear to have been part of the territory of the Atrebates. Possibly they were part of a confederation of tribes. The tribe made use of hill forts more than other tribes around them. Their location in southern England would have made them a more civilized people. They would have had contact with Europe through trading exposing them to new ideas. 'Regninses', means "people of the kingdom". It is not known how they came by that name. It was recorded by the Romans but it could be a translation or a name the Romans gave them.

Their ruler was Tiberius Claudius Cogidubnus. Tacitus said of him: 
The theory that Cogidubnus was created "legatus", a rank only ever given to senators, is based on reconstructing the damaged Chichester inscription. It would read as "Cogidubni regis legati Augusti in Britannia" ("king and imperial legate in Britain"). It could also be "Cogidubni regis magni Britanniae" ("great king of Britain").

Property tax

A property tax (or millage tax) is a levy on property that the owner is required to pay. The tax is imposed by the governing authority of the jurisdiction in which the property is located. The tax may be paid to a national, state, provincial, county, regional, or municipality governmant. Multiple jurisdictions may tax the same property. This is in contrast to a rent or mortgage tax, which is based on a percentage of the rent or mortgage value.

There are four broad types of property: land, immovable property, personal property and intellectual property. Real property (also called real estate or realty) means the combination of land and improvements. Under a property tax system, the government requires and/or performs an appraisal of the monetary value of each property. A tax is assessed based on that value. Forms of property tax used vary among countries and jurisdictions. Real property is often taxed based on its classification. Classification is the grouping of properties based on similar use. 

Properties in different classes are taxed at different rates. Examples of different classes of property are residential, commercial, industrial and vacant real property. In Israel, for example, property tax rates are double for vacant apartments versus occupied apartments. In the Canadian province of British Columbia a speculation tax on residential properties has been introduced in 2019.

A special assessment tax is sometimes confused with property tax. These are two distinct forms of taxation: one "(Ad valorem" tax) relies upon the appraised fair market value of the property being taxed. The other (special assessment) relies upon a special enhancement called a "benefit" for its justification.

The "property tax rate" is often given as a percentage. It may also be expressed as a per mille (amount of tax per thousand currency units of property value), which is also known as a "millage rate" or "mill" (which is also one-thousandth of a currency unit). To calculate the property tax, the authority will multiply the assessed value of the property by the mill rate. Then they will divide by 1,000. For example, a property with an assessed value of $50,000 located in a municipality with a mill rate of 20 mills would have a property tax bill of $1,000 per year.

Rusty Jones

Isham Russell "Rusty" Jones II (April 13, 1942 – December 9, 2015), better known as Rusty Jones, was an American jazz drummer. He was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, but was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Jones was known for performing with Marian McPartland and Stéphane Grappelli.

Jones died in Chicago, Illinois from cancer, aged 73.

John Trudell

John Trudell (February 15, 1946 – December 8, 2015) was a Native American author, poet, actor, musician, and political activist. He was the spokesperson for the United Indians of All Tribes' takeover of Alcatraz beginning in 1969. He was partners with Marcheline Bertrand, Angelina Jolie's mother, until her death in 2007. During most of the 1970s, he served as the chairman of the American Indian Movement. He was born in Omaha, Nebraska.

In 2015, Trudell died of cancer at age 69 in Santa Clara County, California.



Ron Bouchard

Ron Bouchard (November 23, 1948December 10, 2015) was an American NASCAR driver. He was the 1981 NASCAR Winston Cup Rookie of the Year. He was born in Fitchburg, Massachusetts. Bouchard began his NASCAR career in 1981 in the #47 J.D. Stacy Buick for owner Jack Beebe (Race Hill Farm team). In 1982 Bouchard finished a career-high eighth in the final points standing with 15 Top 10 finishes in 30 races. He ran full-time in 1983, 1984, and 1985.

Bouchard died of cancer in Fitchburg, Massachusetts at the age of 67.


Murder of Laquan McDonald

The shooting of Laquan McDonald occurred on October 20, 2014, in Chicago, Illinois, when McDonald—a 17-year-old black male armed with a knife—was shot 16 times by Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke.

As a result, mayor Rahm Emanuel fired Chicago police superintendent Garry McCarthy on December 1, 2015. Few days later, Emanuel apologized for the shooting, but since then, Emanuel has received criticisms and negative comments towards him and his administration.

Video of the shooting, captured on one police cruiser's dashboard camera, was released to the public on November 24, 2015, over 13 months after the shooting. Van Dyke was charged with first-degree murder within hours after the video's release. After turning himself in to authorities, he was initially ordered held without bail at Cook County Jail, but released on November 30 after posting bail.

On November 25, Senator and presidential candidate Bernie Sanders released a statement sending condolences to McDonald's family and criticizing the Emanuel administration and the Chicago's police force.

There have been numerous protests denouncing Laquan McDonald's death. In November 27, a major day for shopping in the U.S., a group of protesters chanted "sixteen shots" and other slogans while marching on Michigan Avenue, the city's central shopping district. This caused some businesses to shut their doors and the police closed Michigan Avenue, a six-lane street.

The FBI opened an investigation into McDonald's death, and the city of Chicago approved a five-million dollar settlement in April 2015, although no lawsuit was filed. The police had originally claimed that McDonald had lunged at an officer. However, video footage contradicts that claim; McDonald made no lunges.

On October 5, 2018, Van Dyke was found guilty of second-degree murder, as well as 16 counts of aggravated battery with a firearm.


Dolph Schayes

Adolph "Dolph" Schayes (May 19, 1928 – December 10, 2015) was an American professional basketball player and coach in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was a top scorer and rebounder, he was a 12-time NBA All-Star and a 12-time All-NBA selection. Schayes won an NBA championship with the Syracuse Nationals in 1955.

He was named one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History and inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. He played for the Philadelphia 76ers from 1948 through 1964. He coached the Philadelphia 76ers from 1963 through 1966 and the Buffalo Braves from 1970 through 1972. He was born in The Bronx, New York City.

Schayes died in Syracuse, New York from cancer, aged 87.


SS Daniel J. Morrell

SS "Daniel J. Morrell" was an American Great Lakes ore carrier. It was 603 feet long. The ship usually carried iron ore. The "Morrell" sank during a severe storm on November 29, 1966. The ship broke in two before sinking.

Twenty-eight of the "Morrell"'s 29 crewmen died during the sinking. Only one crewman survived.

Jon Landau

Jon Landau (born July 23, 1960) is an American movie producer. He is best known for his work with James Cameron: "Titanic" (1997), "Solaris" (2002) and "Avatar" (2009). He also produced "Campus Man" (1987), "Honey, I Shrunk The Kids" (1989), "Dick Tracy" (1990) and "" (2018).

Landau was born in New York City, New York. He was the son of Edie, a producer, and Ely A. Landau, a studio executive and producer. He is Jewish.

Mikael Agricola

Mikael Agricola ( ) (c. 1510 – 9 April 1557) was a priest who is often called the "father of written Finnish". In addition, Agricola, Aleksis Kivi and Elias Lönnrot are regarded fathers of a national literature in Finnish.

In his time, Finland was part of Sweden, a Catholic country. He learned the ideas of the Reformation, and thought everyone should be able to read the Bible. To help people in Finland to learn to read, Agricola published a ABC book and a prayer book in Finnish around year 1544. He also translated large sections of the Bible into Finnish.


TOP 09

TOP 09 is a political party in the Czech Republic. It is a right-wing, conservative party. The chairman of the party is former finance minister Miroslav Kalousek and the honorary chairman is former foreign minister Karel Schwarzenberg. TOP 09 have 26 members in the Chamber of Deputies and 4 members in the European parliament. The party's policies are based on conservatism and pro-Europeanism.


Miroslav Kalousek

Miroslav Kalousek (born 16 December 1960) is a Czech politician, former Finance minister, leader of TOP 09 party, and member of Chamber of Deputies.

Avon, Indiana

Avon is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 21,474.

Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic

The Chamber of Deputies of Parliament of the Czech Republic () is the lower house of parliament of the Czech Republic. It has 200 members. They are elected by the people. They serve for 4 years. The current parliament was elected in 2013.

Phillips curve

The Phillips Curve shows the relationship between unemployment and wage inflation in an economy. It shows that as unemployment goes down, wages go up. It was discovered by British economist William Phillips. He studied wage inflation and unemployment in the United Kingdom from 1861 to 1957. The theory states that economic growth causes inflation. This causes more jobs to become available which lowers unemployment. In the 1970s high levels of inflation and unemployment were occurring at the same time. This disproved the theory, at least in the long run. Many economists feel that the Phillips curve still has value in the short run where there is still a tradeoff between inflation and unemployment. 


Momoko Kōchi

Momoko Kōchi (born Momoko Okouchi March 7, 1932 - November 5, 1998) was a Japanese actress. She is best known for her roles in the original "Godzilla", playing the character of Emiko Yamane. Kōchi later played the same role in "Godzilla vs. Destoroyah" in 1995. She starred in "The Mysterians", playing Hiroko Iwamoto. 

Kōchi was discovered in 1953 in Toho's New Face Contest. By the late 1950s she found herself typecast into science fiction and horror movies. She decided to pursue formal acting. In the 1960s she was on stage doing Shakespeare. She also did occasional television commercials. She didn't act in movies again until 1995. Kōchi died at age 66 in Tokyo Japan on November 5, 1998 from intestinal cancer. 

European perch

The European perch ("Perca fluviatilis"), also known as the common perch, redfin perch, big-scaled redfin, English perch, Eurasian perch, Eurasian river perch, Hatch or in Anglophone parts of Europe, simply the perch, is a kind of predatory freshwater fish. It belongs in the genus "Perca" and lives in Europe and Siberia. It is typically less than 25 cm long. It has greenish basic colour with 5-9 black bands, and red fins.

European perch lives in water which contains no salt or very little salt. It can be found in lakes, rivers, ponds and areas where sea water mixes with river water such as the Baltic Sea. 

European perch eats small animals in the water, such as insects, worms and small fish. It is most hungry early in the morning and late in the evening. European perch tastes good and fishermen like to catch it.

European perch are greenish with red pelvic, anal and caudal fins. They have five to eight dark vertical bars on their sides. When the perch grows larger, a hump grows between its head and dorsal fin.

The European perch lives in slow-flowing rivers, deep lakes and ponds. It tends to avoid cold or fast-flowing waters but some specimens penetrate waters of these type, although they do not breed in this habitat.

European perch has been widely introduced, with reported adverse ecological impact after introduction. In Australia, the species is implicated in the decline of the now-endangered native fish, the Macquarie perch.


Jiří Paďour

Jiří Paďour (4 April 1943 – 11 December 2015) was a Czech Auxiliary Bishop in the Archdiocese of Prague from 1996 to 2001, and the Bishop of České Budějovice from 2002–2014. Pad'our was born in Vraclav, Czechoslovakia.

On 1 March 2014, Pope Francis accepted Paďour's resignation for health reasons. Pad'our died in Prachatice, Czech Republic at the age of 72.

Douglas Tompkins

Douglas Rainsford "Doug" Tompkins (March 20, 1943 – December 8, 2015) was an American conservationist, outdoorsman, philanthropist, filmmaker, agriculturalist, and businessman. He was born in Conneaut, Ohio. He co-founded and ran two companies: the outdoor equipment and clothing company The North Face and the Esprit clothing company.

On December 8, 2015, Tompkins was kayaking with five others on General Carrera Lake in southern Chile when strong waves caused their kayaks to capsize. Tompkins spent a "considerable amount of time" in waters under . He was flown via helicopter to a hospital in nearby Coyhaique, where he died from severe hypothermia. He was 72 years old and was survived by his wife, two daughters, mother and brother.


Shipwreck

A shipwreck is the remains of a ship that has been wrecked. Shipwrecks are found either beached on land or sunken to the seabed of a body of water. They may be deliberate or accidental. UNESCO estimates that worldwide over 3 million shipwrecks. Some are thousands of years old.

Historic wrecks are attractive to marine archaeologists because they preserve historical information. For example, studying the wreck of "Mary Rose" revealed information about seafaring, warfare, and life in the 16th century. Military wrecks, caused by a battle at sea, are studied to find details about the historic events. They can reveal much about the battle that occurred. Once in a while there is a discovery of a treasure ship, often from the period of European colonisation. Some contemporary wrecks, such as the oil tankers "Prestige" or "Erika", are of interest because of their potential harm to the environment. Other contemporary wrecks are scuttled (sank deliberately) in order to create reef growth.

Some very famous shipwrecks include the RMS "Titanic", HMHS "Britannic", RMS "Lusitania", SS "Andrea Doria", SS "Edmund Fitzgerald" or the "Costa Concordia". There are also thousands of wrecks that were not lost at sea but have been abandoned or sunk. These abandoned, or derelict ships are typically smaller craft, such as fishing vessels. They sometimes pose a hazard to navigation. 


Eddy current

An eddy current can be made when you have a solenoid (coil of wire), in which there is a soft iron core. When you connect the solenoid to an AC power source, metal objects held above the cross sectional area of the solenoid are repelled due to Lenz's Law.

Analytic philosophy

Analytic philosophy is a branch of philosophy that was important in the 20th century. Analytical philosophy focuses on the philosophy of language and on argumentation. Important thinkers of this movement include Gottlob Frege, Bertrand Russell, Ludwig Wittgenstein and Willard Van Orman Quine.


Johan Ludvig Runeberg

Johan Ludvig Runeberg (; 5 February 1804 – 6 May 1877) was a poet from Finland. He is the national poet of Finland. He wrote in the Swedish language.

Runeberg's most famous work is "Fänrik Ståls sägner" (The Tales of Ensign Stål, "Vänrikki Stoolin tarinat" in Finnish). He wrote it between 1848 and 1860. The book consists of 36 poems. The tales are about Finnish War of 1808–09. In the war Russia got Finland from Sweden. In the tales Runeberg tries to tell us that deep down inside people are similar on both sides of the war. In that book, small people from Finland become heroes in their own life. The first poem "Vårt land" ("Our Land", "Maamme" in Finnish) became the Finnish National anthem.

George S. Irving

George S. Irving (George Irving Shelasky; November 1, 1922 – December 26, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his character roles on Broadway. He voiced the Heat Miser in "The Year Without a Santa Claus" (1974) and in "A Miser Brothers' Christmas" (2008). Irving recorded the audio version of "Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark". He also appeared on stage in "Oklahoma!" and on television in "All in the Family". He won a Tony Award in 1973.


Edmund Lyndeck

Edmund Lyndeck (October 4, 1925 – December 14, 2015) was an American character actor and musical theatre actor. He began his career in 1970 when he appeared in "The Ed Sullivan Show". He appeared on stage as Ebenezer Scrooge in "A Christmas Carol". He also appeared in the stage production of "Into the Woods". 

Lyndeck appeared in guest appearances on "Ed", "The Cosby Show", and "".


Bayonne, New Jersey

Bayonne (pronounced "bay-OWN") is a city in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States. Bayonne is east of Newark, the state's largest city, north of Elizabeth in Union County and west of Brooklyn. As of 2020, the population was 71,686.

H. Arnold Steinberg

H. Arnold Steinberg (May 12, 1933 – December 11, 2015) was a Canadian businessman and philanthropist of Jewish descent. He was the Chancellor of McGill University serving from 2009 through 2014.

He studied at McGill University and Harvard University.

In 1957, he started working at Dominion Securities Corp. Ltd. before joining Steinberg Inc. in 1958. He would remain at the company until 1989 and was Chief Financial Officer.

Steinberg died suddenly in Montreal, Quebec from a heart attack on December 11, 2015 at the age of 82.

Metropolitan Community Church

The Metropolitan Community Church (MCC) is an international Protestant Christian denomination. It is based in Los Angeles, California. It has 222 member congregations in 37 countries. It has a specific outreach to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender families and communities. The MCC has property worth $50 million. It has 40,000 members. They want to double in size in the next ten years. They also want acceptance by other Christian organizations. The MCC currently has "Official Observer" status with the World Council of Churches. MCC supports same-sex marriage. The MCC has been denied membership in the US National Council of Churches. Many local MCC congregations are members of local ecumenical partnerships around the world. MCC also belongs to several statewide councils of churches in the United States.

Deschooling

Deschooling is a word that was first used by Ivan Illich (Austrian philosopher, 1926–2002). Many homeschoolers use the word to describe the process that children go through when they left the school system to start homeschooling. It is an important process for homeschooling, in which children should prepare for their first homeschool days. Some children need more time to go through it than others. Families do this normally because many things in homechooling are different from the public school system.


Unschooling

Unschooling is a special form of homeschooling. In this form of education, learners choose activities as their medium for learning. It is not as known as traditional homeschooling, but is becoming more known.

Many persons decide to do unschooling because it makes it possible to learn through natural life experiences, or they do not like the concept of schooling and think that they can learn better by doing other activities.

There are different branches of unschooling. Here are some examples:


Critics of unschooling think that children will lack the social skills, structure, and motivation of their schooled peers, while other think that the opposite is true.


John Bannon

John Charles Bannon (7 May 1943 – 13 December 2015) was an Australian politician for the Labor Party. He was the 39th Premier of South Australia from 10 November 1982 until 4 September 1992. He was born in Bendigo, Victoria and grew up in Adelaide, South Australia.

Bannon died from cancer on 13 December 2015 in Adelaide, aged 72.


Abu Ali al-Anbari

Abu Ali al-Anbari (; born 1957/1959 - died 12 December 2015) was an Iraqi government official. He was the nom de guerre for the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) governor for territories held by the organization in Syria. He was thought to be the second-in-command (along with his counterpart Abu Muslim al-Turkmani (KIA) who held a similar position in Iraq).

He plays a political role of overseeing the local councils and acts as a kind of political envoy. His military role includes directing operations against both other Syrian rebels who oppose President Bashar al-Assad's government and the Syrian government itself.

In November 2015, the New York Times reported that al-Anbari had recently arrived in Libya by boat, where the group has established a powerful branch centered in the city of Sirte. On December 12, 2015 al-Anbari was killed in an airstrike by the Iraqi army.

Benedict Anderson

Benedict Richard O'Gorman Anderson (August 26, 1936 – December 13, 2015) was an American academic and writer. He was a polyglot.He was the Aaron L. Binenkorb Professor Emeritus of International Studies, Government & Asian Studies at Cornell University. He was best known for his book "Imagined Communities", first published in 1983. He worked on the "Cornell Paper." That report showed that the official story of Indonesia's 30 September Movement and the Indonesian killings of 1965–66 was not true. Indonesia forced him to leave that country.

Anderson was born in Kunming, China, to James O'Gorman Anderson and Veronica Beatrice Bigham. In 1941 the family moved to California. In 1957, Anderson received a Bachelor of Arts in Classics from Cambridge University, and he later earned a Ph.D. from Cornell's Department of Government, where he studied modern Indonesia under the guidance of George Kahin. He was the brother of historian Perry Anderson. 

Anderson died in Batu, Malang, in his sleep of heart failure on December 13, 2015 at the age of 79.


Juan Ponce de León

Juan Ponce de León (1460-1521) was a Spanish nobleman, explorer and colonial governor. Looking for gold and a rumored "Fountain of Youth, he landed on the southeast coast of North America near present-day St. Augustine, Florida. He claimed the lands for Spain and named it "La Florida" (place of flowers). In 1521, on his second trip to Florida, he was wounded in an attack. The expedition returned to Cuba where he died in July 1521 from his wound.

Ponce de León was born in 1460 in Santervás de Campos, Spain. He was born into a poor but noble family. His parents may have died while he was still young. He was sent to the estate of Pedro Núñez de Guzmán, Lord of Toral, to serve as a page. He became a soldier and fought against the Moors in Granada. He was probably with Christopher Columbus on his second voyage.

He eventually became a soldier and fought against the Moors in Granada. Like other conquistadores, Ponce de León soon sought fame and fortune through exploration, and it is believed he began his quest as part of Christopher Columbus's second expedition in 1493.

Some ten years later he was a Captain under Nicolás de Ovando, the governor of the island of Hispaniola. Ponce de León put down a mutiny and was made governor of the eastern province of Hispaniola. Ponce de León received a substantial land grant which authorized sufficient Taino slave labor to farm his new estate.

Ponce de León prospered in this new role. He found a ready market for his farm produce and livestock at nearby Boca de Yuma. This was where Spanish ships stocked supplies before the long voyage back to Spain. In 1505 Ovando authorized Ponce de León to establish a new town in Higüey, which he named Salvaleón. In 1508 King Ferdinand authorized Ponce de León to conquer the remaining Tainos and exploit them in gold mining.

Around this time, Ponce de León married Leonora, an innkeeper's daughter. They had three daughters (Juana, Isabel and Maria) and one son (Luis). The large stone house Ponce de León ordered built for his growing family still stands today near the city of Salvaleón de Higüey.

In 1508 Ponce de León led an expedition to what is now Puerto Rico. They searched for and found gold. After founding a colony there he was appointed governor. 

In 1513, with three ships, Ponce de León led an expedition to discover what is now the east coast of Florida. According to tradition, he landed at or near St. Augustine, Florida. He named the place "La Florida". This is most probably because he landed during the Spanish Easter celebration called Pascua Florida. After exploring the coast further, they returned to Puerto Rico.

Ponce de León returned in 1521 with 200 settlers. They brought cattle, horses, and what they needed to farm the land. As they were building the settlement they were attacked by local Indians. In the fighting Ponce de León received a mortal wound, possibly by a poisoned arrow. The party returned to Cuba where Ponce de León died. He was buried in what is now San Juan before the alter of the Dominican church. His remains were later moved to San Juan cathedral.

The story of a fountain of youth goes back many centuries. Herodotus (425 – 484 BC) talked about a group he called the Macrobians who lived somewhere in modern day Ethiopia. He said they remained youthful, were physically strong and lived a long time. Calling it a fountain of youth came much later. The stories of Ponce de León and his search for a fountain of youth developed after his death. There is no mention of such a goal in any of his orders. In 1535 the Spanish historian Gonzalo Fernández de Oviedo y Valdés first stated Ponce de León was searching for a fountain of youth. The legend was repeated by later writers and embellished.

Rowan University

Rowan University is a public university in Glassboro, New Jersey, United States. The school also has a campus in Camden, New Jersey. The school opened in 1923 as Glassboro Normal School on a twenty-five acre site donated by the town. The school became New Jersey State Teachers College at Glassboro in the 1930s. Then it became Glassboro State College in 1958. Starting in the 1970s, it added programs in business, communications, and engineering.

It was renamed Rowan College of New Jersey in 1992, after Henry Rowan and his wife Betty gave the school $100 million. At the time, the gift was largest ever given to a public college. It became Rowan University on March 21, 1997, when it won approval for university status from the New Jersey Commission on Higher Education. In the fall of 2012, Cooper Medical School of Rowan University opened in Camden. It was the first public medical school in New Jersey not associated with the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. It later took over the School of Osteopathic Medicine on July 1, 2013. It became the second university in the United States to offer both an M.D. and a D.O. program.


Training corset

A training corset is a corset used for doing body modification (changing the body). It may be used for orthopedic reasons (such as to correct a crooked spine) or for cosmetic reasons (to achieve a smaller waistline which is commonly called waist training).

The term "training corset" is also sometimes used for BDSM corsets used for discipline.


Coccinella septempunctata

The seven-spot ladybird ("Coccinella septempunctata") is a colourful beetle. It has red back (wing cases) with seven black spots, black and white head, legs and stomach. As an adult it is 5-8 mm long.

"Coccinella septempunctata" is the most common lady beetle in Europe. Because it eats harmful insects, people have imported it to North America.

Ladybirds are members of the family Coccinellidae, which is in the infraorder Cucujiformia.

Whooper swan

The whooper swan ("Cygnus cygnus"), is a large white bird which lives in Europe and Asia. It is the Eurasian counterpart of the North American trumpeter swan. Francis Willughby and John Ray's "Ornithology" of 1676 called this swan "the Elk, Hooper, or wild Swan".

An adult whooper swan weighs 9-11 kg. It is 140-160 cm long (including neck and head) and it has a wingspan of 205-235 cm. Young swans are grey-brown. They have a pink and black beak. The young get pale grey in end of their first summer. They get the white adult colour before their second winter. Male and female swans look otherwise similar, but the males are larger.
The whooper swan, Bewick's swan and mute swan look quite similar, but the details are different.
Whooper swan is clearly larger than Bewick's swan. When it lands it water or takes off it slides longer distances. 

Whooper swans eat mainly plants growing in water: leaves, stems and roots. During the winter they also eat grain and vegetables from the fields. Young birds often eat insects. 

The nest is a large pile of plant matter built on dry ground or on small islands near lakeshore. The same nest mound may be used over many years although it is often repaired and new material is added.

Whooper swans spends their summer in Northern Europe and Asia. For winter they migrate to coasts where sea does not freeze.

In year 2006 it was estimated, that there are more than 180,000 whooper swans in the world. Out of these, 10,000-100,000 pairs breed in Russia. Between one thousand and ten thousand birds also spend their winter there.

Roland D-50

The Roland D-50 is a linear/polyphonic 61-key synthesizer made by Roland. It was released in 1987. Its features include Linear Arithmetic synthesis, on-board effects, a joystick for data manipulation, and an analog synthesis-styled keyboard layout. The external Roland PG-1000 programmer could also be attached to the D-50 for more complex manipulation of sounds. It was also produced in a rack-mount version. This was called the D-550 and had almost 450 user-adjustable parameters.

Dexter Gordon

Dexter Gordon (February 27, 1923 – April 25, 1990) was an American jazz tenor saxophonist. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He was also known as "Long Tall Dexter" and "Sophisticated Giant". Gordon's career lasted for over 40 years. He was among the earliest tenor players to adapt the bebop musical language.

Gordon died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from renal failure and laryngeal cancer at the age of 67.


Vadym Tyshchenko

Vadym Tyshchenko or Vadim Nikolayevich Tishchenko (24 March 1963 – 14 December 2015) was a Soviet and Ukrainian association football player and coach.

Tyshchenko made his debut for USSR on 29 August 1987 in a friendly game against Yugoslavia. He played in UEFA Euro 1988, but was not selected for the squad for that tournament or for the 1990 FIFA World Cup.

Tyshchenko died in Kiev, Ukraine from a heart attack at the age of 52.


George Tiller

George Richard Tiller, MD (August 8, 1941 – May 31, 2009) was an American physician. He was from Wichita, Kansas. He became well-known as the medical director of Women's Health Care Services, one of only three clinics nationwide to provide late-term abortions at the time.

During his tenure with the center, which began in 1975 and continued the medical practice of his father, Tiller was targeted with protest and violence by anti-abortion groups and individuals. After his clinic was firebombed in 1986, Tiller was shot in both arms by anti-abortion extremist Shelley Shannon in 1993.

On May 31, 2009, Tiller was fatally shot in the side of the head by anti-abortion extremist Scott Roeder, as Tiller served as an usher during the Sunday morning service at his church in Wichita. Roeder was convicted of murder on January 29, 2010, and sentenced to life imprisonment.


Krampus (movie)

Krampus is a 2015 American fantasy comedy horror movie based on Krampus from Alpine folklore. It was directed by Michael Dougherty and written by Dougherty, Todd Casey, and Zach Shields.

The movie stars Adam Scott, Toni Collette, David Koechner, Allison Tolman, Conchata Ferrell, Emjay Anthony, Stefania LaVie Owen, and Krista Stadler. It was released on December 4, 2015, by Universal Pictures to mixed reviews.

Adam Scott

Adam Paul Scott (born April 3, 1973) is an American actor, comedian, director, screenwriter, producer, podcaster, dancer, and poet. He is best known for his role as Ben Wyatt in the NBC sitcom "Parks and Recreation". He has also appeared as Derek in the movie "Step Brothers", and Henry Pollard in the Starz sitcom "Party Down".



Keith Ellison

Keith Maurice Ellison (born August 4, 1963) is an American politician. He is the Attorney General of Minnesota. He is a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party (DFL), the Minnesota state Democratic Party affiliate.

He was the U.S. Representative for from 2007 to 2019. Ellison is a co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus and a Chief Deputy Whip, also notably serving in the House Committee on Financial Services.

Ellison is the first Muslim to be elected to Congress. He is also the first African American elected to the House from Minnesota.

In November 2016, progressive groups and United States senators, including Bernie Sanders of Vermont, supported Ellison for chair of the Democratic National Committee. On February 25, 2017, minutes after defeating him on a second ballot, Chairman Tom Perez motioned for Ellison to be elected his Deputy Chair which was approved by a unanimous voice vote of DNC members.

On June 5, 2018, Ellison announced that he was running for Attorney General of Minnesota and not seeking reelection to Congress. He won the election in November 2018.

Vitus Bering

Vitus Jonassen Bering (1681 - 1741), also called Ivan Ivanovich Bering (Russian name) was a Danish seafarer and explorer. He went into the service of the Russian navy in 1704. He was commissioned a second lieutenant. During the Great Northern War he distinguished himself and was promoted to the rank of commander.

In 1639 a group of Russian "promyshlenniki" (hunter-traders) sailed from Russia into the Pacific ocean, They were the first Europeans to sailed between Asia and North America. Peter the great, Czar of Russia, wanted to send an expedition to confirm the information. In 1724 he sent the first Kamchatka expedition (1725-30) led by Bering. One of their tasks was to see if Siberia was connected to North America. They sailed first to the Kamchatka Peninsula where a ship was built for the exploration. In 1728 Bering sailed north far enough to discover that Siberia and North America (Alaska) were not connected. 

The Second Kamchatka Expedition (1733-43) was a very large scientific expedition. It was also led by Bering. The scientific expedition sent out smaller explorations to chart the coasts of Siberia, the Pacific, and several research expeditions. Ships were sent to Japan and America to promote Russian interests. Bering reached Alaska in 1741. On the return journey they had to stop at Bering Island. While there nearly half the crew, including Bering, died. In 1991, Danish archaeologists found his grave.

Ritornello

Ritornello is an Italian word meaning "little return". At first in music ritornello was used as an instruction to repeat a part. By the 1600's the word was used to describe a part of the music played by instruments in a vocal piece. These instrumental sections could be at the start (a prelude), in the middle (an interlude), or at the end (a postlude). In dramatic music, the ritornello provided an opportunity for dancing, or for a scene change. In the Baroque period, a common way to write a song, called an aria, was in da capo form. The aria would be written as two contrasting sections, A and B. By adding an instrumental ritornello (R), the aria could be developed further, forming the scheme R–A–R–B–R–A–R.

In the early 1700's composers began using the ritornello form in concertos, the solo instrument replacing the voice. This gave the composer the chance to develop music during the solos with new material and key changes, between repeated sections of full orchestra. Guiseppe Torelli began using this form, which was then developed and extended by Antonio Vivaldi. Vivaldi's way of using this form has the following features:

Later composers such as Bach and Telemann used Vivaldi's form in their works.

Dominant (music)

The dominant in music is the fifth note of a major or minor scale. In a C scale, the fifth and dominant note will be G. Chords built on this note are called dominant chords. In the key of C, the dominant chord will be G-B-D. Keys have the same relationship as notes, so the dominant key will be the key of the fifth note. So in C, the key of G is the dominant key. In musical theory, the dominant is written with the roman numeral "V".

National Medal of Science

The National Medal of Science is an honor given by the President of the United States. It is awarded to people in science and engineering who did important work in behavioral, social sciences, biology, chemistry, engineering, mathematics and physics.

The National Medal of Science was made on August 25, 1959, by an act of the Congress of the United States. The medal was to be to honor scientists in the fields of the "physical, biological, mathematical or engineering sciences".

Camcorder

A camcorder is an electronic device which combines a video camera and a video recorder. Most devices capable of recording video are camera phones and digital cameras primarily intended for still pictures. The term "camcorder" is used to describe a portable, self-contained device, with video capture and recording as its primary function.

<br>

Marilyn Maxwell

Marilyn Maxwell (August 3, 1921 – March 20, 1972) was an American actress and entertainer. She was a sex symbol in the 1940s and 1950s. She appeared in several movies and radio programs. She played Hazel Moon in "Lost in a Harem" (1944). She also played Grace Diamond in "Champion" (1949).

Maxwell was born in Clarinda, Iowa. She died from a heart attack at age 50.

Silver birch

The silver birch ("Betula pendula"), also known as the warty birch, European white birch, or East Asian white birch, is a deciduous tree in the family Betulaceae. It grows in Europe, parts of Asia and North America.

The silver birch is a medium-sized tree, which has triangle-shaped leaves. In autumn the leaves turn yellow and fall. Trunk is shining white. The twigs are slender, and in an old tree the they often hang downwards. The flowers are grouped in an inflorescence called a catkin. The wind spreads the birch seed. The trees are monoecious, with both male and female catkins on the same tree.


Eisaku Satō

Eisaku Satō (27 March 1901 – 3 June 1975) was a Japanese politician and the 39th Prime Minister of Japan. He was first elected in December 1964. He was the first Prime Minister to have been born in the 20th century. Satō shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Seán MacBride in 1974. He received the award for representing the Japanese people's will for peace, and for signing the nuclear weapons Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1970.

Satō was born in Tabuse in Yamaguchi Prefecture. He suffered a stroke on May 23, 1975 and fell into a deep coma. He died on 3 June 1975 a Tokyo hospital.

Eddie Shore

Edward William Shore (November 23, 1902 – March 16, 1985), also known as Eddie Shore, was a Canadian professional hockey player known for playing defense for the Boston Bruins. He was born in Fort Qu'Appelle, Canada.

Shore played for the Melville Millionaires, Regina Capitals, Edmonton Eskimos, New York Americans, Boston Bruins, Springfeild Indians and the Buffalo Bisons.

Armando Cossutta

Armando Cossutta (2 September 1926 – 14 December 2015) was an Italian communist politician. After World War II, he became one of the leading members of the party, representing the most pro-Soviet Union tendency. Cossutta was president of the Party of Italian Communists, and Member of Parliament. He also served as Member of the European Parliament during the 5th European term (1999-2004). In 1999, Cossutta appeared on a list of alleged Italian KGB spies. Cossutta has not been convicted.

Cossutta died on 14 December 2015 in Rome, Italy from bronchopneumonia, aged 89.

Evelyn S. Lieberman

Evelyn May Simonowitz Lieberman (July 9, 1944 – December 12, 2015) was an American public affairs professional. During the Bill Clinton administration, she became the first woman to serve as White House Deputy Chief of Staff serving for a few months in 1996. 

She was the first United States Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs. From 2002 until her death, Lieberman worked for the Smithsonian Institution, most recently as Senior Advisor and Assistant to the Secretary for external relations.

Lieberman died of pancreatic cancer in Washington, D.C., aged 71.


Jansila Majeed

Jansila Majeed is an activist in the Puttalam District of Sri Lanka. In 2010, she received an International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.

Majeed was an internally displaced person (IDP) for 20 years. She works for the rights of Muslim and Tamil IDPs in Sri Lanka.

Majeed started her work in 1992 with a group of five people. She is the Managing Trustee of the Community Trust Fund in Puttalam. The group is an NGO that works for minority rights, women's rights, and peace. It also works with young people, and teaches about the dangers of mines in the north and east.

Majeed spoke at the beginning of the UNDP 2010 Asia-Pacific Human Development Report on Gender. In her report, she said that Sri Lanka must change its ideas about women's rights, women in politics, legal rights for women and working women.


Marie Claude Naddaf

Marie Claude Naddaf (Arabic: ماري كلود نداف ) is an activist and a nun from Syria. In 2010, she received an International Women of Courage Award. 

In 1994, Naddaf became Mother Superior at the Good Shepherd Convent in Damascus. In 1996, she opened the "Oasis Shelter" with her convent. The Oasis Shelter was the first organization for victims of human trafficking and domestic violence in Syria. She also started the first telephone hotline in Syria. It was part of an emergency shelter for women.

Naddaf worked for the right of women in police custody in Syria to go to shelter, if they are victims of trafficking. She also started a nursery school and a vocational education program at the prison for women in Damascus.

She received a 2010 International Women of Courage award.


Perry Anderson

Francis Rory Peregrine "Perry" Anderson (born 11 September 1938) is a British historian and political essayist. He is a specialist in intellectual history such as the post-1956 Western Marxism of the New Left.

Anderson was educated at Eton College and Worcester College, Oxford.

He is Professor of History and Sociology at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and a former editor of the "New Left Review". Anderson has written several books, the latest being "The Indian Ideology" (2012), a polemic against the Indian nation-building project. He is the brother of political scientist Benedict Anderson.


Lillian Vernon

Lillian Vernon (born Lilli Menasche; March 18, 1927 – December 14, 2015) was an American businesswoman, entrepreneur, and philanthropist. She founded the Lillian Vernon Corporation in 1951 and served as its chairman and CEO until July 1989, though she continued to serve as executive chairman until 2003.

Vernon was born in Leipzig, Germany. Because they were of Jewish descent the Vernon family fled to the United States in 1937.

Vernon died from congestive heart failure in Manhattan, New York City at the age of 88.

Jestina Mukoko

Jestina Mukoko is a human rights activist and journalist from Zimbabwe. In 2010, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Jestina Mukoko is the director of the Zimbabwe Peace Project. She studied to be a journalist, and she was a newsreader with the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation.

On December 3, 2008, Jestina Mukoko was kidnapped from her house near the city of Harare. Dumisani Muleya of "Business Day" newspaper said that she was "abducted by suspected state agents for allegedly being involved in plans for anti government demonstrations."

Mukoko told The Independent newspaper that they asked her about her NGO, the Peace Project. The said she wanted to train young people to fight the government. They beat her on the bottom of her feet with rubber hoses. They said this is a favourite torture instrument in Zimbabwe because it does not leave a mark on the feet for later. 

Many world leaders asked for her freedom, including Gordon Brown and Condoleezza Rice. A "Group of Elders", including Jimmy Carter, Kofi Annan and Graca Machel, wanted to come to Zimbabwe, but the government refused to let them come in. Instead, they talked to the newspapers in South Africa. 

The Zimbabwe High Court told the Zimbabwe Republic Police to look for Mukoko. The police did nothing. They said they did not know where she was. 

On 24 December, Mukoko appeared in court in Harare on charges of trying to get young people to fight the government. She did not have a lawyer. She was with seven other people who were kidnapped. The group included a 72-year-old man and a two-year-old boy whose father and mother, Violet Mupfuranhehwe and Collen Mutemagawo, were also prisoners. In March 2009, three months after her kidnapping, Jestina Mukoko was free on bail. She had to go to the police station every week. They took her passport. On 21 September 2009 the Zimbabwe Supreme Court said she was free. Amnesty International said this was a good decision.


Ananda Prasad Pokharel

Ananda Prasad Pokharel is a Nepali politician. He is currently the Minister for Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation in Nepal. He is also a member of Napal's Investment Board.

UNOVIS

UNOVIS was an important group of Russian artists. It was taken over by Kazimir Malevich at the Vitebsk Art School in 1919. It started of with a group of students and was called MOLPOSNOVIS. The group developed new idea about art. Once Malevich became the leader they changed their name to UNOVIS. The group only lasted until 1926.
UNOVIS stood for "Utverditeli Novovo Iskusstva" which is Russian. In English it meant "affirmers of the new art".

The group had many changes. First known as MOLPOSNOVIS, after the school's teachers joined and it became POSNOVIS. In 1920, Malevich was invited them to teach at the school in 1919 by Marc Chagall. In February of the same year Malevich became leader.

Zakho

Zakho is a city in Iraqi Kurdistan. It has about 350,000 inhabitants. It is in the Dahuk Province. There is a university in Zaxo. The biggest soccer club is Zakho FC.

Duhok

Duhok is a city in Iraqi Kurdistan. The city is the capital of Dahuk Province and has a population of 500,000. There is a university in Duhok. The soccer club is Duhok SC.

Ethiopian calendar

The Ethiopian calendar is the main calendar used in Ethiopia. It serves as the liturgical calendar for Christians in Eritrea and Ethiopia belonging to the Orthodox Tewahedo churches, Eastern Catholic Church and Coptic Orthodox Church. It is a solar calendar which comes from the Egyptian calendar. But like the Julian calendar, it adds a leap day every four years. It begins the year on August 29 or August 30 in the Julian calendar. A seven to eight-year gap between the Ethiopian and Gregorian calendars results from an alternate calculation in determining the date of the annunciation of Jesus.

Like the Coptic calendar, the Ethiopic calendar has twelve months of 30 days plus five or six epagomenal days, which make up a thirteenth month. The Ethiopian months begin on the same days as those of the Coptic calendar. The names of the days are in Ge'ez. The sixth epagomenal day is added every four years without exception on August 29 of the Julian calendar. This occurs six months before the Julian leap day. Thus the first day of the Ethiopian year, "1 Mäskäräm", for years between 1900 and 2099 (inclusive), is usually September 11 (Gregorian). It, however, falls on September 12 in years before the Gregorian leap year. The Ethiopian New Year falls on September 11 of the Gregorian calendar. On leap years it falls on September 12.

In 1582 the Christian world changed from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar. Ethiopia did not make the change. As a result, Ethiopia is seven years and eight months behind those countries that use the Gregorian calendar. Christmas and Easter fall on different dates than they would elsewhere.

In Ethiopia banks, airlines and other institutions that tourists would use run on the western calendar. Everywhere else the Ethiopian calendar is used. That may cause some confusion.


East of England Ambulance Service

The East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust (EEAST) provides ambulance services in the counties of Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Norfolk and Suffolk, in the East of England. The service is free, which means people who are hurt do not have to pay money to be driven to a hospital. Under the Patient's Charter every person in the United Kingdom is allowed to use an ambulance if there is an emergency.

The East England Ambulance Service do not only drive people to hospitals, they also help heal people who are injured and are too far from a hospital.

The trust was formed on 1 July 2006, when three ambulance services came together. They were the Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire Ambulance and Paramedic Service NHS Trust, the East Anglian Ambulance NHS Trust, and the Essex Ambulance Service NHS Trust. The result was an ambulance service covering an area of over with a population of 5.8 million people, and one which answers over 500,000 emergency calls every year.

In 2009, the Trust got in trouble by the Care Quality Commission because the ambulances were dirty and the employees did not know how to handle many medical procedures.

In 2009 and 2010, the company went to 668,451 emergency calls, including 207,626 high-priority "category A" emergencies. It arrived at 75.67% of these "category A" calls within eight minutes, and 96.04% within 19 minutes.
The company has the following vehicles and stations in operation:


The company has a driving school. This school has trained more than 220 employees in emergency driving.

3,994 people work at the ambulance company.



Geastrum quadrifidum

Geastrum quadrifidum or the rayed earthstar, or four-footed earthstar, is an inedible species of mushroom. It is a species of "Geastrum", or earthstar fungi. It was first described scientifically by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1794. It is found in Europe, the Americas, Africa, Asia, and Australasia. The fungus is a saprobe. It feeds on dead wood and plant materials.

<br>

Physical dependence

Physical dependence is a term used in medicine: If a drug is taken regularly, a certain level of tolerance may have developed. Abruptly stopping to use the drug will cause drug withdrawal symptoms. If the drug has been taken for a longer period of time, or the dosage was higher, the withdrawal symptoms will be more severe. Well known drugs with withdrawal symptoms include opioids, alcohol, and may of the drugs knownn as neuroleptics.

Gabre Gabric

Ljubica "Gabre" Gabric (17 October 1914 – 16 December 2015) was a Croatian-born Italian track and field athlete. She competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics. Her best discus throw was 43.35 m (1939). 

She was the widow of Sandro Calvesi, mother-in-law of Eddy Ottoz and the grandmother of Laurent Ottoz and Patrick Ottoz.


Licio Gelli

Licio Gelli (; April 21, 1919 – December 15, 2015) was an Italian financier, politician, and writer. He was known for his role in the Banco Ambrosiano scandal. He was revealed in 1981 as being the Venerable Master of the clandestine lodge Propaganda Due (P2).

Gelli was born in Pistoia, Tuscany. During the 1930s, Gelli volunteered for the Blackshirts expeditionary forces sent by Mussolini in support of Francisco Franco's rebellion in the Spanish Civil War.

In 1996, Gelli was nominated as a candidate for the Nobel Prize in Literature, supported by Mother Teresa and Naguib Mahfouz.

Gelli died in Arezzo, Tuscany from respiratory failure at the age of 96.



John Cabot

John Cabot (, (1449 – 1499) was an Italian navigator and explorer. In 1497, sailing westward from England in his ship "Matthew", he landed in what he thought was Asia. In fact he came to North America, in what is now eastern Canada, which he claimed for King Henry VII. he landed in what is now known as Bonavista, Newfoundland. A town in the most eastern province of Canada. He died in England in 1499.

Giovanni Caboto (his Italian name) was probably born in Genoa about 1469. Most of his early life was not written about because so much of his history is missing. When he was still young, his family moved over to Venice. Venice was a much larger seaport than Genoa and at the time was the most important in all of Europe. Growing up there, he learned a great deal about sailing and the sea. Cabot became an excellent sailor. His father was a trader and taught Giovanni (John) all about the spice trade.

Cabot married a young woman named Mattea (female form of the name Matthew) in about 1474. They had three sons, who Cabot taught to sail, and they also became great sailors. By this time he was a merchant and traveled widely. He and his family then moved to the port of Bristol, England about 1495.
He set sail from Bristol. Cabot sailed across the North Atlantic in about 70 weeks. His ship, the "Matthew" had a crew of 69 men. During the voyage they saw enormous quantities of cod fish. Fishermen would soon follow to take advantage of the rich fishing of the Grand Banks of Newfoundland.

Euler–Bernoulli beam theory

Euler–Bernoulli beam theory (also known as engineer's beam theory or classical beam theory) is a simple method to calculate bending of beams when a load is applied. This applies to small deflections (how far something moves) of a beam without considering effects of shear deformations. Therefore, it can be considered a special case of the Timoshenko beam theory. It was first introduced around 1750. It gained popularity during the development of the Eiffel Tower and the Ferris wheel in the late 19th century. After that, it was used in many engineering fields including mechanical engineering and civil engineering. Although other advanced methods have been developed, the Euler-Bernoulli beam theory is still widely used because of its simplicity. 

Leonhard Euler and Daniel Bernoulli were the first to put together the theory in 1750.
At the time, science and engineering were viewed differently than today. Mathematical theories such as the Euler-Bernoulli Beam theory were not trusted for practical engineering use. Bridges and buildings continued to be designed using the same methods until the late 19th century. This is when the Eiffel Tower and Ferris wheel showed the validity of the theory on a larger scale.

The Euler–Bernoulli equation describes the relationship between the beam's deflection and the applied load is as shown below:
Where formula_2 describes the deflection of the beam in the formula_3 direction at some position formula_4. formula_5 is a distributed load, in other words a force per unit length (analogous to pressure being a force per area); it may be a function of formula_4, formula_7, or other variables.

Shameful Secrets

Shameful Secrets, also known as Going Underground, is an American television movie. It was aired on ABC on October 10, 1993. It is about a child custody battle between Maryanne Walker-Tate (played by Joanna Kerns) and her abusive husband Daniel Tate (played by Tim Matheson).

William Ruto

William Samoei arap Ruto (born 21 December 1966) is a Kenyan politician who is the 5th President of Kenya since 2022. He was the Deputy President of Kenya from 2013 to 2022. 

Before becoming Deputy President, he had many ministerial positions including the Ministry of Agriculture and Ministry of Higher Education. He was Secretary General of KANU, the former ruling political party. Ruto was a member of Parliament for Eldoret North Constituency between December 1997 and January 2013. He won the seat in the 1997 Kenyan election after defeating Reuben Chesire.

Ruto was charged with crimes including murder by the International Criminal Court. The trial has been ongoing since 10 September 2013. The charges against him were dropped in 2016 due to lack of evidence by Fatou Bensouda. 

On 12 April 2022, Kenya Kwanza political coalition endorsed Ruto as its presidential candidate for 2022 elections. He would win the election with 50.5% of the vote, beating former Prime Minister Raila Odinga in August 2022.

Willamette Valley

The Willamette Valley () is a long valley in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States. The entire valley is in the state of Oregon. The valley contains the political and cultural areas of Oregon. It is home to about 70 percent of its population. This includes Portland, its largest city, and Salem, the state capital. The Willamette River flows the entire length of the valley. The valley is surrounded by mountains on three sides - the Oregon Coast Range to the west, the Cascade Range to the east, and the Calapooya Mountains to the south. 

The valley's many waterways are important to the economy of Oregon. They continuously put highly fertile alluvial soils on the valley's broad, flat plain. The valley was widely publicized in the 1820s as a 'promised land of flowing milk and honey'. Throughout the 19th century it was the destination for the oxen-drawn wagon trains of people on the Oregon Trail.

Today the valley is home to "Oregon Wine Country". Tt contains more than 19,000 acres of vineyards and 500+ wineries.

Indian softshell turtle

The Indian softshell turtle ("Nilssonia gangetica"), or Ganges softshell turtle is a species of softshell turtle. It lives in rivers such as the Ganges and Mahanadi in India and Bangladesh. Its shell can be up to in length. It feeds mostly on fish, amphibians, carrion and other animal matter, but also eats aquatic plants. The turtle is listed as a vulnerable species.

The turtle has a long neck and a long nose, which means it is able to easily keep the tip of the nose out of the water to breathe. It has an oval shaped shell, which is also fairly flat and smooth which means it is able to swim very fast.

These turtles are often kept in the temple ponds of Odisha where they are considered sacred.

The Indian softshell turtle is under threat as 30 to 40 tons of turtle meat is sold in markets every week. The shells are also used to make masks, which are sold to tourists. The turtles' habitat is also being changed by the building of dams, drainage works, and increasing levels of fishing and farming.

Marine Le Pen

Marine Le Pen (; born Marion Anne Perrine Le Pen; 5 August 1968) is a French politician. She was the leader of the National Front (FN) political party from 2011 until her resignation in 2017. She is a lawyer. She is the youngest daughter of Jean-Marie Le Pen, who was leader of FN for many years. She is the aunt of Marion Maréchal-Le Pen.

Le Pen unsuccessfully ran for President of France in the 2017 election, losing to Emmanuel Macron in the second round. She ran again in the 2022 election, advancing again to the second round against Macron and lost.

Marine Le Pen and her family has been the target of an assassination attempt in 1976 when she was 8 years old. She has studied law at Panthéon-Assas University and has become a barrister. She joined the National Front in 1998 and rose to prominence, being elected in several positions such as Member of the European Parliament in 2004, to finally succeed to her father at the head of the party in 2011.

Since that, Le Pen has led a movement of "de-demonisation of the National Front" (in reference to her father's nickname "The Devil of the Republic") in order to detoxify it and soften its image. She is considered to be far more republican and democratic than her controversial and nationalist father. Her success is also based on a renovated political speech and a renewed team. She got the best FN score at the 2012 French presidential election and her party have progressed in next elections until shoving the traditional bipartisan between right and left wings in France.

She has been ranked among the most influential people in the 2011 and 2015 Time 100.

Akseli Gallen-Kallela

Akseli Gallen-Kallela (26 April 1865 – 7 March 1931) was an artist from Finland. He started his career with realistic pictures of poor people from the countryside, and continued with romantic paintings of the themes of the Kalevala, the Finnish national epic. His work was considered very important for the Finnish national identity. He pioneered major changes in Finnish art. 

In addition to paintings Gallen-Kallela made prints, frescoes and designed textiles and furniture. His house and studio "Kalela" became a work of total art.

When Finland became independent, Gallen-Kallela designed uniforms and medals for its army.

Root hair

A root hair of a vascular plant, is a tubular outgrowth of a hair-forming cell on the epidermis of a plant root.

They are lateral extensions of a single cell, and invisible to the naked eye and light microscope. The function of root hairs is to collect water and mineral nutrients from the soil. This solution goes up through the roots to the rest of the plant.

Root hair cells survive for 2 to 3 weeks and then die off. New root hair cells are continually being formed at the tip of the root. This way, the root hair coverage stays the same.


Tenualosa ilisha

Tenualosa ilisha (ilish, hilsa, hilsa herring or hilsa shad) is a species of fish in the Clupeidae (herring) family. 

It is a popular food dish in South India, East India and in the People's Republic of Bangladesh. The fish contributes about 12% of the total fish production and about 1% of GDP (money earned) in Bangladesh. About 450,000 people are directly involved with catching it for a living. About four to five million people are involved in the trade.

It is also the National fish of Bangladesh. Other names include: palla fish, hilsha, ellis, ilish, (Bengali:ইলিশ): ilish, (Oriya:ଇଲିଶି): ilishii, Sindhī: پلو مڇي pallu machhi, (Telugu:పులస): pulasa or polasa.


Meyerasaurus

Meyerasaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur. An almost complete fossil was found in Holzmaden, Baden-Württemberg, southeastern Germany. It was a medium-sized, 3.35 m (11.0 ft) long, pliosaur.

The specimen was collected from shale over 150 years ago. The shale dates to the early Jurassic, about 183–180 million years ago (mya). The specimen was described as a species of "Plesiosaurus" a hundred years ago. It got its new name in 2010.

Most members of its family, the Rhomaleosauridae, have been found in England. They were found in the lower Blue Lias deposits which date to the earliest Jurassic, just above the boundary with the Triassic.

In the Line of Duty: The FBI Murders

In the Line of Duty: The F.B.I. Murders is a 1988 television crime movie starring David Soul. It is about a real event that happened in April 1986 and has since become known as "Bloody Friday". Two former army buddies, Mike Platt (played by David Soul) and Bill Matix (Michael Gross), commit a series of murders and bank robberies in Miami, Florida. A group of F.B.I. agents led by Benjamin Grogan (Ronny Cox), was assigned to the investigation. The story ends with one of the bloodiest clashes in FBI history, the 1986 FBI Miami shootout. It took place in the middle of a residential suburb in broad daylight. The movie was released on November 27, 1988.

Diatonic scale

The diatonic scale is one of the scales used in music. It is also called heptatonic scale, because it uses seven distinct pitch classes or tones. For each octave there are five whole steps and two half steps. The two half steps are separated by two or three whole steps. The word "diatonic" comes from the Greek , meaning progressing through tones.

The seven pitches of any diatonic scale can be obtained using a chain of six perfect fifths. An example of this would be the seven natural pitches which form the C-major scale. It can be constructed from a stack of perfect fifths starting from F:
This property of the diatonic scale is called Pythagorean tuning. It was historically relevant and contributed to the worldwide diffusion of diatonic scales, because it allowed musicians to tune musical instruments easily by ear.

Any sequence of seven successive natural notes, such as C-D-E-F-G-A-B, and all transpositions, are diatonic scales. Piano keyboards are designed to play natural notes, which are diatonic scales, with their white keys. A diatonic scale can be also described as two tetrachords separated by a whole tone.

The term "diatonic" originally referred to the diatonic genus, one of the three genera of the ancient Greeks. In musical set theory, Allen Forte classifies diatonic scales as set form 7–35.

The following scales are diatonic:

Examples of scales that are not diatonic are whole-tone scales, as well as the gypsy scales, which are often used for folk music.


Deepto TV

Deepto TV () is a private HD television channel in Bangladesh. The channel started broadcasting on 18 November 2015. The channel has daily drama serials. It also shows Bengali-dubbed programs from other countries

 

Vanessa Paradis

Vanessa Chantal Paradis (born 22 December 1972) is a French singer, model and actress.

She became a child star at age of 14 with the great worldwide success of her single "Joe le taxi". Since 1991, she has been a spokesmodel for Chanel. She was in a relationship with American actor Johnny Depp from 1998 to 2012, and they have two children: Lily-Rose and John "Jack" Christopher Depp III. She is also the older sister of Alysson Paradis, who is also an actress.


Database of Molecular Motions

The Database of Macromolecular Motions is a bioinformatics computer database on the Internet. It attempts to divide motions of protein and some RNA biological molecules into different types.

It was originally made by Mark B. Gerstein, Werner G. Krebs and Nat Echols in the molecular biophysics and biochemistry group at Yale University. People can use an Internet page to search this computer database for a particular motion by either the protein name or Protein Data Bank number. However, many people find this computer database by just coming over from the Internet page for the protein entry at the Protein Data Bank. For proteins found in both computer databases, this different computer database often gives a link back to the Internet page for the protein on this Internet site.

The computer database includes an Internet tool or free Software as a service (the "Morph server") which lets 
non-experts see certain protein motions through the generation of short motion pictures. The motion pictures are made automatically by computer software on the Internet site. When done the Internet site sends an email with the motion picture information back to the user.

The "Morph Server" tool was originally a research tool rather than a tool for making motion pictures, and thus offered
only limited user control over rendering, color, and point of view, and the original method
sometimes required a fair amount of computer time to complete. Since the site's
initial introduction in 1996, the Internet site has been made better
to try to fix some of these issues as well
as add new things.
Other people have now made alternative systems, such as MovieMaker from the University of Alberta.


Helge Solum Larsen

Helge Solum Larsen (14 January 1969 – 18 December 2015) was a Norwegian businessman and politician. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He served as deputy leader of the party from 2010 to 2012.

From 1994 to 1997 he was leader of the Young Liberals of Norway, the youth wing of the Liberal Party. He served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Rogaland during the terms 1997–2001 and 2005–2009.

Larsen died from a sudden illness on 18 December 2015, aged 46.

Buckshot Hoffner

Sebastian Fabian Hoffner, known by his nickname Buckshot Hoffner (January 20, 1924 – December 17, 2015), was an American politician. He was a member of the North Dakota House of Representatives and North Dakota State Senate for 18 years in total. 

He was born and raised in Esmond, North Dakota. He was a veteran of World War II. Hoffner served as a Democrat in three separate stints in the House of Representatives: from 1962 to 1966, 1968 to 1972 and 1983 to 1984 in addition to serving as the House's minority leader in the 1971 session. During his eight years in the Senate from 1972 to 1980, he was its minority leader from 1975 to 1980.

Hoffner died on December 17, 2015 in Bismarck, North Dakota from heart failure, aged 91.

Harry Zvi Tabor

Harry Zvi Tabor (7 March 1917 – 15 December 2015) was a British-born Israeli physicist. He was known as the father of Israeli solar energy. Tabor was also involved in bringing Israel's solar energy program to international awareness.

Tabor was born in London. He died in Jerusalem on 15 December 2015 at the age of 98.


Hal Brown

Hector Harold "Hal" Brown (December 11, 1924 - December 17, 2015), nicknamed "Skinny", was an American pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played from through for the Chicago White Sox, Boston Red Sox, Baltimore Orioles, New York Yankees, and Houston Colt .45s.

He batted and threw right-handed; nicknamed 'Skinny Brown' by his parents because he was obese as a child. Brown weighed and stood tall during his active career. Brown was born in Greensboro, North Carolina.

Brown died in Greensboro, North Carolina, aged 91.


Peter Dickinson

Peter Malcolm de Brissac Dickinson OBE FRSL (16 December 1927 – 16 December 2015) was an English author and poet. He was best known for children's books and detective stories.

Dickinson won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association for both "Tulku" (1979) and "City of Gold" (1980), each being called as the year's outstanding children's book by a British subject. Through 2012 he is one of seven writers to win two Carnegies; no one has won three. 

For his contributions as a children's writer Dickinson was a finalist for the Hans Christian Andersen Medal in 2000.

Dickinson died on his birthday in Winchester, Hampshire, England from an illness, aged 88.

Combine harvester

A combine harvester, also called a combine, is a machine that harvests crops. Its name comes from doing three separate parts of harvesting crops at once: 

Far fewer people work in farming as a result of the combine harvester.

Greville Janner

Greville Ewan Janner, Baron Janner of Braunstone (11 July 1928 – 19 December 2015) was a British politician, barrister and writer.

He was QC since 1971, he was a Labour MP from 1970 to 1997; and then a member of the House of Lords until he died. He was associated with a number of Jewish organisations including the Board of Deputies of British Jews, of which he was chairman from 1978 to 1984, and he was prominent in the field of education about the Holocaust.

Janner was alleged to have abused vulnerable children from 1955 to 1988.

Janner died on 19 December 2015 in London from Alzheimer's disease, aged 87 and months earlier he had been deemed unfit to stand trial over allegations of 33 years of sexually abusing vulnerable children.

Prayer in C

"Prayer in C" is a song by the band Lilly Wood and the Prick. It was originally released as a folk-pop song. The song was later remixed by DJ Robin Schulz in 2014. Schulz' remix peaked at number one on Billboard's Hot Dance/Electronic Songs chart. It hit number one in many European countries including the UK and Belgium. It reached the top twenty in Canada. The remix is a dance and house song. It was included on Schulz' album, "Prayer".

Mutabar Tadjibayeva

Mutabar Tadjibayeva ("Uzbek: Mo'tabar Tojiboyeva") is a journalist and human rights activist from Uzbekistan. She started the “Fiery Hearts Club” NGO. She also started the Uzbek news website Jarayon. In 2009 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

In August 2003, Tadjibayeva got people in a group to demonstrate against corruption. The police stopped the demonstration. Tadjibayaeva was hurt and went to the hospital. In 2005, Tadjibayeva wrote about the Andijan Massacre. Many people died when police stopped the demonstration. Tadjibayeva was in jail from October 2005 to June 2008.

In 2005, the international organization "Peace Women Across the Globe", part of the Nobel Committee, added Tadjibayeva’s name to the list of "1000 women peace activists". This made her a candidate for the Nobel Peace Prize.

Mutabar Tadjibayeva was on a top 10 list of women who worked for human rights.

In 2008, Tadjibayeva received the Martin Ennals Award. When she received the award, she was still in prison. 

For the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Fiery Hearts Club received the "Liberty, Equality, Fraternity" Prize from France. Mutabar Tadjibayeva accepted the prize in Paris.

In March 2009, Tadjibayeva received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. State Department. Later she returned the award.

In 2011, Mutabar Tadjibayeva was on a list of ten most influential women in Central Asia.


The Fly (1958 movie)

The Fly is an American science fiction horror movie set in Montreal. It is directed by Kurt Neumann and written by James Clavell.

It was followed by two sequels: "Return of the Fly" and "Curse of the Fly". A remake was released in 1986.

Ambiga Sreenevasan

Ambiga Sreenevasan (born 1956) is a lawyer and human rights advocate from Malaysia. In 2009, she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

Sreenevasan went to high school at Convent Bukit Nanasin Kuala Lumpur. in 1979, she got a Bachelor of Laws (LLB) from the University of Exeter in England. She became a lawyer in 1980. She worked in two London law firms, then she became a member of the Malaysian Bar in 1982. In July 2011, she received an Honorary Doctorate in Law (LLD) from the University of Exeter in England.

Sreenevasan was the president of the Malaysian Bar Council from 2007 to 2009. She was also the head of Bersih, an NGO for free and fair elections. 

Because Sreenevasan wanted to help with problems between ethnic groups, she received hate mail and death threats. Hundreds of people from religious groups and conservative members of government protested against Sreenevasan at the Bar Council building and called for her arrest.

In 2008, as President of the Malaysian Bar she helped start LAWASIA, the International Bar Association's Human Rights Institute and Transparency International-Malaysia, to study abuses of power.

Sreenevasan was head of Bersih 2.0, the organisation behind the July 2011 demonstration in Kuala Lumpur. There were 20,000 people at the demonstration. Sreenevasan said the main problems for Malaysia were "unhappiness... in the Sarawak [election], unhappiness about corruption, [and] unhappiness about the lack of independence of our institutions."

Sreenevasan said the problems from the first demonstration in 2007 were not fixed, so there was another demonstration.


Red Fisher

Red Fisher (22 August 1926 – 19 January 2018) was a Canadian retired sports journalist. His columns focused on the National Hockey League and its Montreal Canadiens team. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. he began his hockey coverage in "The Montreal Star" newspaper in 1954 where he remained as writer and sports editor until that paper's demise in 1979. He retired in 2012.

Fisher died in Montreal on 19 January 2018 at the age of 91.


Wazhma Frogh

Wazhma Frogh is a women's rights activist from Afghanistan. In 2009, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

In the eighth grade, Frogh taught her landlord's children, so that the landlord would reduce her rent. She wanted money so she and her sisters could go to school. At age 17, she worked as an intern at a newspaper in Pakistan. Because of her job, she saw the difficult lives of the women in Afghan refugee camps.

From 1992 to 2001, Frogh lived in Peshawar, Pakistan, while she started programs for women in Aghanistian. In 2002 Frogh finished the first study of women’s conditions in Nuristan, Afghanistan. Frogh also helped start women's centers in the Kandahar, Ghazni, Herat, and Parwan provinces of Afghanistan.

Frogh helped start the Afghan organization "Research Institute for Women". She became the director. In 2013, she wanted to visit the United States after she wrote about a militia commander in a report to NATO. The militia commander was a repeat abuser of rights. The militia commander threaten Frogh and her sisters. The Institute of Inclusive Security invited Frogh to come to the U.S. as a visiting fellow, but her visa was refused. Frogh also wrote for "The Guardian" on the subject of Afghanistan.

Wazhma Frogh's blog 

Chris Diamantopoulos

Christopher "Chris" Diamantopoulos (born May 9, 1975; ) is a Greek-Canadian actor and comedian. He is known for playing Moe Howard in the 2012 "The Three Stooges" film, and for voicing Mickey Mouse in the 2013 TV series of the same name.



The Rest of the Robots

The Rest of the Robots (1964) is a collection of eight short stories and two full-length novels by Isaac Asimov. The stories are all part of the "Robot" series, and follow on from ʽI, Robotʼ. The novels were not included in some published versions.

The stories are as followsː

"Robot AL-76 Goes Astray" (1941).

Robot AL-76, known as Al, is manufactured to do mining work on the Moon, but ends up in a rural part of Earth. It can't find the tool it is meant to use, so builds a better one out of ̼junk it finds in a workshop.

"Victory Unintentional" (1942)

Intelligent life has been discovered on the planet Jupiter. Humans cannot land on the planet because of the powerful gravity and lack of air. They send a spaceship containing three very powerful ZZ series robots. They land on Jupiter, but the inhabitants, known as Jovians, try to attack and kill them. But when the Jovians eventually discover that the robots are too powerful to be destroyed, they decide instead to make peace with humans.

"First Law" (1956)

A robot engineer tells a story about Emma Two, a EM series robot, that abandoned him to die in a storm on the asteroid Titan.

"Let's Get Together" (1957)

An American secret service agent claims that the Soviet Union has developed humanoid robots (they cannot be distinguished from humans), and that they are being infiltrated into the USA. The head of robotics realises just in time that the agent is himself a robot and destroys him.

"Satisfaction Guaranteed" (1951)

Robot TN-3, Tony, is introduced into the house of Claire Belmont as an experiment, by her husband, a robot engineer with US Robots. Tony realises that Claire has very low self-esteem and tries to help, even offering to become her lover and making sure that the neighbours know it.

"Risk" (1955)

Humans have set up an experimental base on an asteroid to build the first spaceship to travel through hyperspace (faster than light). The ship is piloted by a robot, but the experiment fails. An engineer goes on board and discovers that the fault lies with the robot, not the ship.

"Lenny" (1958)

An LNE robot, known as Lenny, is built, but with a fault. It's brain is childlike and it can't speak. Susan Calvin experiments with it and eventually teaches it to speak a few words.

"Galley Slave" (1957)

Robot EZ-27, known as Easy, is placed in a university to carry out a variety of jobs, including proof-reading. A professor of sociology, Simon Ninheimer, claims that the robot changed the text of a book by himself that it was checking. He takes US Robots to court. Susan Calvin is able to prove that Ninheimer set up the text changes deliberately, so that he could ruin the reputation of the Company and the robots they make.

The Caves of Steel (1953)

The Naked Sun (1956)

Algis Budrys praised the collection as "a fine book of entertainment," but faulted Asimov's extensive annotations, saying they "[suck] the juice out of some very vivacious writing indeed, and [embalm] one of science fiction's most ebullient personalities."

Selma Reis

Selma Reis (24 August 1960 – 19 December 2015) was a Brazilian actress and singer. She was born in São Gonçalo, Rio de Janeiro. She acted in many telenovelas and miniseries for Rede Globo, including "Caminho das Índias", "Páginas da Vida", "Presença de Anita" and "Chiquinha Gonzaga". After 1987, she released a debut album, the first of eleven releases.

She was married to photographer Locca Faria, with whom she had a son. The couple separated but remained friends for the last three years of her life.

In July 2014, Reis was diagnosed with brain cancer. Reis died at a hospital in Teresópolis, Brazil from the disease, aged 55. She was cremated in a Lutheran service in Nova Friburgo.

Red Star OS

Red Star OS is the operating system used by computers in North Korea. The latest version of the operating system is Red Star 3 and it looks almost exactly like macOS. Before Red Star 3 came out, Red Star looked more like Windows instead of macOS. Red Star OS also has its very own web browser called Naenara which means "my country" in Korean. It has a modified version of Mozilla Firefox and it has the North Korean internet called Kwangmyong.

Maureen McGovern

Maureen McGovern (born July 27, 1949) is an American singer and Broadway actress. She is well known known for her renditions of songs such as "The Morning After" from the 1972 movie "The Poseidon Adventure". 

McGovern was born in Youngstown, Ohio. In August 2022, McGovern was diagnosed with a rare form of dementia.

Because You Loved Me

"Because You Loved Me" is a 1996 pop-R&B ballad by Canadian singer Celine Dion. Its lyrics are about the protagonist thanking a loyal loved one for guiding, encouraging and protecting her and for making her who she is. It was originally written for the movie "Up Close and Personal". Diane Warren, who wrote the song (and others for artists like Cher, Aerosmith, Monica, and Lady Gaga), said the song was a tribute to her father. "Because You Loved Me" won Warren a Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television, or Other Visual Media.

"Because You Loved Me" is the second track on Dion's album "Falling into You". The song was at the top of the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 for six weeks. It finished as the third-best performing song of 1996 there. It also reached number one in Canada and Australia and reached number five in the UK. It was certified Platinum in the US for sales and shipments of over one million copies.

Delirium (Ellie Goulding album)

Delirium is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Ellie Goulding. The album was released on 6 November 2015. It features the lead single "On My Mind", which reached the top five in the United Kingdom and the top twenty in the United States. The hit song "Love Me like You Do", recorded for the movie "Fifty Shades of Grey", is also included on the album. "Delirium" has reached number two on the album charts in Canada and the top three in the US, UK, and Australia.

IPhone 6S

The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are two smartphones designed by Apple Inc. They were released on September 25, 2015. They replace the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, respectively. These "S" models have a rose gold finish. They have cameras on the front (5 megapixels) and back (12 megapixels). The screens are for the 6S and for the 6S Plus. The storage capacities are 16, 64, and 128 gigabytes. A new feature, Force Touch, is on these models and is also on the Apple Watch. Live Photos is a new feature that allows users to take moving photos.


Deaths in 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in 2016. For notable deaths for each month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



Deaths in January 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in January 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































Patricia Elliott

Patricia Elliott (July 21, 1938 – December 20, 2015) was an American actress. She was born in Gunnison, Colorado. She was known for her roles as Renée Divine Buchanan in the soap opera "One Life to Live" and as Countess Charlotte Malcolm in the Stephen Sondheim musical "A Little Night Music". She won a Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Musical in 1973.

Elliott died in New York City, from cancer, aged 77.


Carol Burns

Carol Burns (22 February 1947 – 21 December 2015) was an Australian actress. She was born in Brisbane, Queensland. She worked in Australia and in the United Kingdom. She began her career in 1967. Burns was known for her role as Franky Doyle in the soap opera "Prisoner".

Burns died of cancer at her home in Brisbane at the age of 68.


Georgetown, Guyana

Georgetown is the capital city of Guyana. It is located in the Demerara-Mahaica region. It is the country's largest city. The population in 2012 was about 235,017 people.

Joe Kittinger

Joseph William Kittinger II (July 27, 1928 – December 9, 2022) was a Colonel in the United States Air Force and a USAF Command Pilot. He was born in Tampa, Florida. He set a world record for the longest skydive from a height more than . He was also the first man to cross the Atlantic Ocean, alone, in a hot air balloon.

He was a fighter pilot in the Vietnam War and was a prisoner of war in a North Vietnamese prison.

Kittinger died at the age of 94 on December 9, 2022, from lung cancer.

Duolingo

Duolingo is a free language-learning program. Its website and mobile apps are available to anyone with an internet connection plus a computer, tablet or smartphone. Duolingo can be used on iOS, Android, Windows 8 and 10 operating systems. Duolingo allows people to learn over 106 different language courses in 40 languages. There are over 500 million people learning a language on Duolingo.

The project was started by Professor Luis von Ahn and graduate student Severin Hacker. The main development language used was Python.

Wyre Forest

Wyre Forest is a large, semi-natural woodland and forest measuring . It sits across the borders of Worcestershire and Shropshire, England. It is lightly managed.

The forest has a variety of wildlife. It was much larger, but it still is one of the largest remaining ancient woodlands in Britain. The Forestry Commission looks after about half of today's forest. Two-thirds of the forest is a SSSI (1,753.7 hectares), and a further fifth (549 hectares) is a National Nature Reserve. The Dowles Brook flows through the heart of the forest, and the A456 road also runs through the southern edge of the woodland.

It is one of the largest areas of semi-natural (partially unmanaged) woodland in the UK. Wildlife species to be found in the forest include hawfinch, fallow deer, dipper, common crossbill, pied flycatcher, redstart, and long-eared owl among many other woodland birds and plants. The small but colourful moth "Oecophora bractella" has one of its few English populations here, and does not seem to occur much farther northwards.

The forest is an important habitat for adders, which have been the subject of a notable study.

Jan Góra

Jan Wojciech Góra OP (8 February 1948 – 21 December 2015) was a Polish Dominican Roman Catholic Priest, Doctor of Theology, academic and chaplain. Since 1997, he had been the organiser of the Polish Youth Meeting Lednica 2000 at the Lednica Fields. He was the animator for the academic chaplaincy centre "Respublica Dominicana" in Jamna. He was the author of numerous books and articles. He was born in Prudnik.

Góra died at the age of 67 in Poznań, Poland from a heart attack.

Rolf Bossi

Rolf Bossi (10 September 1923 – 22 December 2015) was a German criminal defense lawyer. He was born in Munich. He was known for defending known actors such as Ingrid van Bergen and Romy Schneider, as well as notable criminals such as Jürgen Bartsch, Dieter Zlof, and Dieter Degowski. He also defended four former East German border guards who were accused of having killed Chris Gueffroy, who was trying to escape over the Berlin wall. He was considered to be one of Germany's best-known defense lawyers.

Bossi died in Munich, Germany from natural causes at the age of 92.

Hocine Aït Ahmed

Hocine Aït Ahmed (; (August 20, 1926 – December 23, 2015) was an Algerian politician. He was founder and leader of the historical political opposition, Socialist Forces Front, in Algeria until 2009. He was born in Ain El Hammam, Algeria. Arrested and sentenced to death in 1964, he escaped from the El Harrach prison on May 1, 1966. Exiled in Switzerland, he became a doctor of law.

Aït Ahmed died at age 89 in Lausanne, Switzerland on December 23, 2015.

Laurence R. Harvey

Laurence Robert Harvey (born 17 July 1970) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Martin Lomax in the horror movie "The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence)" and as Dwight in "The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence)".

Dieter Laser

Dieter Laser (17 February 1942 – 29 February 2020) was a German actor. He is known to English speaking audiences for his roles as Mantrid in "Lexx", Prof. Otto Blaettchen in "The Ogre", Dr. Josef Heiter in "The Human Centipede (First Sequence)" and Bill Boss in "The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence)". 

Dieter Laser died twelve days after his 78th birthday on 29 February 2020. His death was not announced until a message to his official Facebook page was posted on 9 April 2020.


Tom Six

Tom Six (born 29 August 1973) is a Dutch filmmaker. He is best known for his body horror movies, "The Human Centipede (First Sequence)", "The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence)" and "The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence)".


The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence)

The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence) is a 2011 British-Dutch black and white exploitation movie written, directed, and co-produced by Dutch filmmaker Tom Six. It is a sequel to Six's 2009 movie "The Human Centipede (First Sequence)". The movie stars Laurence R. Harvey and Ashlynn Yennie. It was followed by "The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence)".

The movie is about a mentally challenged English man, Martin, who watches and becomes obsessed with the first "Human Centipede" movie, and decides to make his own "centipede" made up of twelve people.

It was originally banned in the United Kingdom by the BBFC because of its "revolting" content but was eventually granted an 18 certificate after over 30 cuts were made. The film was also banned in Australia for a short period of time. It is banned in New Zealand. The film received negative reviews for its plot, excessive gore and violence.


The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence)

The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence) is a 2015 English-language Dutch body horror movie written and directed by Tom Six. It is the third and final installment in Six's "Human Centipede" trilogy. It was confirmed to be in production in May 2013.

Starring Dieter Laser and Laurence R. Harvey, the leading actors from the first two movies, in new roles. It also stars Eric Roberts as The Governor. "The Human Centipede 3" was released both theatrically and on video on demand on 22 May 2015.

Don Howe

Donald "Don" Howe (12 October 1935 – 23 December 2015) was an English football player, coach, manager and pundit. He was born in the Springfield area of Wolverhampton.

Howe spent most of his playing career at West Bromwich Albion.
Howe joined the West Bromwich Albion ground staff after leaving school, joining the club as a youth player in December 1950. He turned professional in November 1952, but did not make his debut until 1955, against Everton. 

A full back, he played nearly 350 games for the Baggies in twelve years, as well as becoming a regular in the England team; he played in the 1958 FIFA World Cup, and won 23 caps in total.

Howe was signed by Billy Wright's Arsenal in 1964, and was made club captain. However, in March 1966 he broke his leg playing against Blackpool and never recovered well enough to play in the first team again.

Howe retired from coaching in the summer of 2003 after more than 30 years. He occasionally wrote as a pundit for the BBC Sport website. He also had a regular column in the official Arsenal magazine. Right up until his death he ran youth coaching schemes across the United Kingdom.

Howe died, aged 80, in December 2015.

West Bromwich Albion


Arsenal

Wimbledon

Arsenal



Pazyryk rug

The Pazyryk rug is one of the oldest carpets in the world, dating around the 4th–3rd centuries BC. It is now in the Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg, Russia. The Pazyryk rug was found in 1949 in the grave of a Scythian nobleman in the Bolshoy Ulagan dry valley of the Altai Mountains in Kazakhstan. The Pazyryk rug had been frozen in the ice and it was very well preserved. The rug has a ribbon pattern in the middle, and a border which has deer, and warriors riding on horses. All parts of the rug are made of wool, including the pile and the base.

Being produced either in Ancient Armenia, Persia, or Central Asia, this carpet has 3600 symmetrical double knots per dm² (232 per inch²), in modern terminology also called "Ghiordes knot (or "Turkish knot"). The design and the systematic motifs of the Pazyryk rug would later be found in similar Turkmen carpets, carpets of the early Seljuq period, and subsequently modern Turkish carpets and kilims.

The origin of the rug is unknown. There are different theories regarding the origin of the carpet. While a number of scholars presume a Oghuz-Turkic origin, Volkmar Gantzhorn assumes a Urartian and Armenian origin of the rug. A Persian theory also exists, but has not been further elaborated; The rug may have originated between the Iranian-Altaian corridor through ancient contacts. Some authors assume that the wool, the artistic conception, as well as the workmanship, may have been provided by Armenians of the Near East; The rug itself is considered as a Sakic funeral accessory. Although a previous study in 1983/1985 did not support an involvement of Armenian cochineal, a Soviet-based conference held in Riga (1987) still maintained the claim that the red threads of the rug resemble those of the Armenian cochineal type. Later it was found by an American research center (Bard Graduate Center, 1991) that the bluish-red color used for the rug and other felts was actually made from Polish cochineal ("Porphyrophora polonica"), a scale insect native to Eastern Europe, Central Asia and Western Siberia, or from one of the Porphyrophora species recently discovered in Kazakhstan: "P. Altaiensis", "P. Turaigiriensis" (Jashenko, 1988), "P. Akirtobiensis" (Jashenko, 1988), "P. eremospartonae" (Jashenko, 1989), and "P. matesovae" (Jashenko, 1989). Armenian authors, however, still insist in the Soviet-based perception of 1987. Further confirmation on the nature of "Ararat Kermes" of the Armenian cochineal gained by the analysis of "Porphyrophora hameli" insects in 1990 by Harald Böhmer, has shown that the Pazyryk rug cannot have been dyed with this insect.

The numerical values of the carpet show striking genealogical parallels to the Oghuz-Turkic legend, perhaps based on an older version of the Massageteans. This genealogy is shown in the way the pattern is divided into 24 tribes. On the left and right their are groups of 12 tribes in each. According to Rashid-al-Din Hamadani, the founder of the Oghuz tribes had six sons, with each having four sons. As mentioned in the “Shiji” (“Historical Records”) of Sima Qian this scheme was a result of the military administrative reform of the Xiongnu leader Modu Chanyu in 209/206-174 BC which in turn originated from the Turkic primordial ancestor Oghuz Khagan. Many Turkic cultures today use his legend to describe their ethnic origins. Historian Sergei Tolstov writes that this scheme “...was preserved by the Aral foreland Huns, the Kidarites-Hephthalites, and was inherited by their descendants, the tribes of the Oghuz alliance in the 10th – 11th centuries AD and, finally, by the Turkmens of the 19th century AD – beginning of the 20th century AD.”

Gantzhorn supports the view that the Pazyryk rug is of Armenian origin. He put forward the hypothesis that the rug is actually not depicting Scythians, but Armenians. He found similarities at the ruins of Persepolis in Iran where various nations are depicted as bearing tribute, the horse design from the Pazyryk carpet is the same as the relief depicting part of the Armenian delegation. Gantzhorn and Schurmann further stated, that the rug is weaved with the armenian double knot technique, and the red filaments color was made from Armenian cochineal.


George Clayton Johnson

George Clayton Johnson (July 10, 1929 – December 25, 2015) was an American science fiction writer. He was most famous for co-writing the novel "Logan's Run" with William F. Nolan, the basis for the 1976 movie. 

He was also known for his television screenplays for "The Twilight Zone" (such as "Nothing in the Dark", "Kick the Can", "A Game of Pool", and "A Penny for Your Thoughts"), and the first episode of "", "The Man Trap". He also wrote the story on which the 1960 and 2001 movie "Ocean's Eleven" were based.

Johnson died of bladder and prostate cancer on December 25, 2015 at a hospital in North Hills, Los Angeles, California at the age of 86. His death was falsely reported on December 22.


Jason Myers

Jason Myers (born May 12, 1991) is an American football placekicker for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). He was born in Chula Vista, California. He played college football at Marist College in Poughkeepsie, NY. In 2014 Myers played for the Arizona Rattlers and the San Jose SaberCats of the Arena Football League. On March 3, 2015, Myers signed with the Jacksonville Jaguars. On August 31, 2015, the Jaguars announced that Myers had earned the placekicker role on the team. Veteran Josh Scobee was traded to the Pittsburgh Steelers.

Trams in Malmö

The Malmö tramway is a former tramway network in the city Malmö of Sweden. It remains a network about 2 km as a historic line.

The Malmö tramay existed between 1887 and 1973. It started service as a horse car. The horse cars had been replaced by electric trams since 1906. The last electric tram has been replaced by bus in 1973.


Originally the service had been provided by two-axle motor cars. From 1949, they had been replace by newer ones.

At a length of 2 km, there still remains a line for historical purpose, it starts at Malmöhus and ends at the museum.



Freda Meissner-Blau

Freda Meissner-Blau (March 11, 1927 – December 22, 2015) was an Austrian politician and activist. She was an important figure in the Austrian environmental movement. She was a founder and the federal spokesperson of the Austrian Green Party. She was born in Dresden, Germany.

Meissner-Blau died in Vienna, Austria from complications following a stroke at the age of 88.


Jean-Marie Pelt

Jean-Marie Pelt (24 October 1933 – 23 December 2015) was a French biologist, botanist and pharmacist with degrees in both Biology and Pharmacy. He was professor at the University of Lorraine. As municipal councilor of Metz between 1971 and 1983, Jean-Marie Pelt pioneered a policy of urban ecology. Pelt was born in Moselle, France.

Pelt died in Metz, France from a heart attack, aged 82.

Lennart Johansson

Nils Lennart Johansson (5 November 1929 – 4 June 2019) was a Swedish sports official. He was the fifth and, to date, the longest serving president of UEFA, the Union of European Football Associations, from his election at UEFA's Malta Congress in 1990 until his retirement in 2007. He was made honorary president shortly afterwards.

He started as a leader in the sport of bandy in Sweden for his hometown team AIK. Johansson then came through the ranks in the Swedish Football Association, and served as the association's president between 1984 and 1991.

Johansson died on 4 June 2019 in Stockholm, aged 89.


Peter Lundblad

Gustaf Peter Lundblad (26 August 1950 – 22 December 2015) was a Swedish singer and songwriter. He was known for his 1986 song "Ta mig till havet". Lundblad started his career in the band 'The most Remarkable Nailband'.

Lundblad died of prostate cancer on 22 December 2015 in Stockholm at the age of 65.


Ray Mathews

Raymond Dyral Mathews (February 26, 1929 – December 20, 2015) was an American football running back and wide receiver in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers (1951-59) and the Dallas Cowboys (1960). He played college football for Clemson University. He was born in Dayton, Pennsylvania.

Mathews died at his house in Marion, Pennsylvania from complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 86.


Bronchodilator

A bronchodilator is a substance that (opens up) the bronchi and bronchioles which increases airflow to the lungs. Bronchodilators may be endogenous (originating naturally within the body), or they may be medications taken to treat breathing difficulties. They are most useful in obstructive lung diseases. Asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease are the most common such conditions. They are also used to treat respritory blockages that usaully occur when you have the common cold. They are well prescribed by doctors and are really common in house holds. Although this remains somewhat controversial, they might be useful in bronchiolitis and Bronchiectasis.They are often prescribed but of unproven significance in restrictive lung diseases.

Bronchodilators are either short-acting or long-acting. Short-acting medications provide quick or "rescue" relief from acute bronchoconstriction. Long-acting bronchodilators help to control and prevent symptoms. They are used along with inhaled steroids for control of asthma symptoms on a long-term basis. The three types of prescription bronchodilating drugs are β2-agonists (short- and long-acting), anticholinergics (short-acting), and theophylline (long-acting).

The bronchodilators are divided in short- and long-acting groups:



Osmany Juantorena

Osmany Juantorena Portuondo (born 12 August 1985) is a Cuban volleyball player with Italian citizenship, a member of Cuba national volleyball team in 2003–2006 and current member of Italy national volleyball team and Italian club Cucine Lube, bronze medalist of the World League 2005. He is a multiple winner of the CEV Champions League and Club World Championship with the Italian club Trentino.


Henri Ducard

Henri Ducard is a fictional character in the "Batman" comic book universe. He was created by Sam Hamm. Ducard's first appearance was in "Detective Comics" #599 (April 1989), part of the "Blind Justice" story arc that Hamm, the screenwriter of the 1989 "Batman" movie, was asked to guest-write for "Detective Comics" by "Batman" editor Denny O'Neil. 

The character was the undercover name of Ra's al Ghul which appeared in the movie "Batman Begins" played by Liam Neeson.

Ron Jacobs

Ron Jacobs (December 27, 1942 – December 24, 2015) was an American basketball coach. He was born in Marion, North Carolina. He coached for college basketball teams such as Loyola Marymount University and for Northern Cement. He also coached the Philippine national team.

Jacobs moved to Pasig City, Philippines during the 1980s. He suffered a major stroke in 2001 which left him in a wheelchair. Jacobs died in Makati, Philippines from complications following the stroke at the age of 72.

Carpetbagger

Carpetbagger is a term from the United States political history. A carpetbagger was a northerner who moved to the South after the American Civil War. This period is called the "reconstruction era". 

White southerners feared they would loot the defeated South. Sixty carpetbaggers were elected to Congress. Among them were most Republican governors in the South during reconstruction. A historian said:
"Carpetbagger" referred to the cheap carpet bags (a form of luggage) which many of the newcomers carried. The term came to be associated with opportunism and exploitation by outsiders. It is used today for a "parachute candidate": a political candidate for public office in an area far from home.

The Sims (video game series)

The Sims is a series of sandbox games in which you have a life and job. The game developed by Maxis and published by Electronic Arts. The games also have expansion packs which you can download. If you download them you get extra content.

There is also a series of SimCity games listed here


Battle of Cannae

The Battle of Cannae ( or ) was a major battle of the Second Punic War. It took place on 2 August 216 BC in Cannae, Apulia, in southeastern Italy. The army of Carthage, under Hannibal Barca, defeated a larger Roman army. The Romans were led by the consuls Lucius Aemilius Paullus and Gaius Terentius Varro. Hannibal's victory was one the greatest tactical feats in military history and also one of the worst defeats in Roman history although they were outnumbered by the Carthaginians.

After recovering from their losses at Trebia (218 BC) and Lake Trasimene (217 BC), the Romans decided to fight Hannibal at Cannae. The Roman army had about 70,000 soldiers. The Romans massed their heavy infantry in a deeper formation than as usual. Hannibal attacked by using a double-envelopment tactic. That was so successful that the Roman army was destroyed as a fighting force by a Carthaginian army half its size.

About 45,500 Roman and allied soldiers were killed. Also killed were 2,700 Roman cavalry. About 17,000 were taken prisoner. Hannibal lost a total of about 4,000 men.

After the Roman defeat, many of Rome's allies changed sides and allied themselves with Carthage.

Roberto Rossellini

Roberto Gastone Zeffiro Rossellini, (8 May 1906 – 3 June 1977), was an Italian movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Rome. He was best known for his movies "Rome, Open City" (1945), "Paisà" (1946) and "Germany, Year Zero" (1948).

Rossellini died from a heart attack in Rome, Italy, aged 71.

Placekicker

The placekicker, also called a kicker, is the player in American and Canadian football who is responsible for the kicking duties of field goals and extra points. In many cases, the placekicker also serves as the team's kickoff specialist or, more rarely, punter, as well. A kicker is often called the most valuable player on the team. This is because in many cases, he scores the most points in a game. Each time his team gets to the 35 yard line or closer, they have a chance to score 3 points. Each time their team makes a touchdown, the kicker comes in to make the extra (1) point. A kicker is a member of the special teams.

To be a kicker in the NFL requires strong legs. The kicker also needs excellent concentration and coordination. A kicker is the only member of a team who can move the ball with their feet. But the kicker is often the smallest member of the team. Probably the most important requirement is "nerves of steel". You have to kick the ball perfectly while being rushed by the other team. 

The kicker is the only player on a team who has the opportunity to score points each time he goes out on the field. Kickers today often use a soccer-style kick instead of a straight ahead kick. If he makes a great kick he is a hero. If he misses he is a chump|. An entire game can be won or lost by the kicker. A kicker cannot afford to miss too many field goals or they can find themselves traded off the team.


Ali Eid

Ali Eid (14 July 1940 – 25 December 2015) was a Lebanese politician. He was the leader of the Alawite Community. He founded the Arab Democratic Party in 1972 and until his death served as General Secretary of the Arab Democratic Party. He was born in Tripoli.

On 25 December 2015, it was announced that Eid died in Damascus, Syria at the age of 75.

Coptic calendar

Coptic calendar (also known as Alexandrian calendar) is a calendar used by the Coptic Church in Egypt. It is based on the Egyptian calendar which was first introduced in 238 BC.


Jacques Santer

Jacques Santer (born 18 May 1937 in Wasserbillig) is a Luxembourgian politician.

He was finance minister of Luxembourg from 1979 until 1989. He was the 22nd Prime Minister of Luxembourg serving from 1984 to 1995. He was a member of the Christian Social People's Party, which has been the leading party in the Luxembourg government since 1979. 

As Prime Minister of Luxembourg he also led the negotiations on the Single European Act, which effectively set aside the 20-year-old Luxembourg Compromise. He was the President of the European Commission from 1995 to 1999.

Egyptian calendar

The ancient civil Egyptian calendar was a calendar used by the ancient Egyptians. At first it had a year that was 365 days long. The year was made up of 12 months each having 30 days. At some point during the First Dynasty five additional days were added (sometime around 3000 BC). Egyptian astronomers observed that the annual flood of the Nile River fell very close to the first visibility of the star Sirius in the morning sky just before sunrise. This calendar would drift by 1 day every four years. But this drift was not enough to cause any problems. Even if a person lived to be 60 years old the drift between solar and civil calendars would only be 15 days. In 238 BC the Decree of Canopus added a sixth day every four years to correct this. But it was largely ignored. In 30 BCE the Roman Emperor Augustus reformed the Egyptian calendar by adding a leap day to every fourth year. This brought the Egyptian calendar in line with the Julian calendar used at the time in Rome.

Ukrainian National Union

The Ukrainian National Union () is nationalist paramilitary political party in Ukraine. Started as a political organization in 2009 and became a political party in 2013.
The organisation was founded in 2009 by Oleg Goltvyansky and a group of sympathisers. Since July 15, 2012 the head of organisation became Vitaly Krivosheev. In April 27, 2013, the Ukrainian National Union leaders proclaimed their intention to create a political party. Рarty is one of the organisers of the "Euromaidan". Activists of the Ukrainian National Union takes part in the war in Eastern Ukraine



West Berlin discotheque bombing

On 5 April 1986 three people were killed and around 230 injured when "La Belle" discothèque was bombed in West Berlin, West Germany. The entertainment venue was commonly used by United States soldiers, and two of the dead and 79 of the injured were American servicemen.

A bomb placed under a table near the disk jockey's booth exploded at 1:45 am CET instantly killing a Turkish woman, and a United States Army sergeant. A second US Army sergeant died from his injuries two months later. Some of the victims were left permanently disabled due to the injuries.

Libya was accused by the US government of sponsoring the bombing, and US President Ronald Reagan ordered strikes on Tripoli and Benghazi in Libya ten days later. The strikes reportedly killed 15-30 people, including Colonel Gaddafi's adopted daughter. Reagan's actions were condemned by the United Nations General Assembly.

A 2001 trial in the US found that the bombing had been "planned by the Libyan secret service and the Libyan Embassy."

Malta Summit

The Malta Summit was a meeting between U.S. President George H. W. Bush and U.S.S.R. leader Mikhail Gorbachev. It took place between December 2-3, 1989, just a few weeks after the fall of the Berlin Wall. It was their second meeting following a meeting that included then President Ronald Reagan, in New York in December 1988. 

During the summit, Bush and Gorbachev would declare an end to the Cold War, although whether it was truly such is a matter of debate.


Germany national volleyball team

The Germany men's national volleyball team is the national team of Germany. It is governed by the DVV (Deutscher Volleyball-Verband). It takes part in international volleyball competitions. Germany won the gold medal in World Championship 1970 under East Germany. It won the bronze medal in the 2014 World Championships.

After German reunification, West Germany (1949–1990) was renamed Germany and they absorbed East Germany (1949–1990) with the records.


Italy national volleyball team

The Italy men's national volleyball team is the volleyball national team of Italy. It dominated international volleyball competitions in the 1990s and early 2000s, by winning four World Championships (1990, 1994, 1998 and 2022), seven European Championships, one World Cup (1995) and eight World League (1990, 1991, 1992, 1994, 1995, 1997, 1999 and 2000).


Brazil national volleyball team

The Brazil men's national volleyball team is the national team of Brazil. It is governed by the Confederação Brasileira de Voleibol "(Brazilian Volleyball Confederation)" and takes part in international volleyball competitions. Brazil has two gold medal at the Olympic Games, won three times the World Champioship and nine times the World League. Brazil is the #1 team on the FIVB World Rankings. The team is often referred to as volleyball's "Dream Team" due to its success under coach Bernardo Rezende.


Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization (1968)

The Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization or PATCO was a United States trade union. It ran from 1968 until its decertification in 1981 following an illegal strike that was broken by the Ronald Reagan Administration. The 1981 strike and defeat of PATCO was called "one of the most important events in late twentieth century U.S. labor history" by labor historian Joseph A. McCartin.

Eugenia Charles

Dame Mary Eugenia Charles, DBE (15 May 1919 – 6 September 2005) was a Dominican politician and lawyer. She was the Prime Minister of Dominica serving from 21 July 1980 until 14 June 1995. She was Dominica's first, and to date only, female prime minister, as well as the nation's longest-serving prime minister. 

Charles died in Fort-de-France, Martinique from a pulmonary embolism caused by hip surgery that she had a few days before. She was 86 years old.


Cranial nerve

A cranial nerve is any nerve which is attached directly to the brain or brainstem. This is different from spinal nerves which are attached to segments of the spinal cord. Cranial nerves relay information more directly between the brain and body (mostly parts of the head and neck).

Each cranial nerve exists as a pair and is present on both sides of the central nervous system. All cranial nerves appear above the first vertebra in the neck (cervical vertebra).

In humans there are twelve cranial nerves pairs. They are numbered using Roman numerals I–XII based on their order from the front of the brain to the back, where the brainstem is.

Cranial nerves provide motor and sensory stimulation mainly to places within the head and neck. This sensory stimulation includes sensations such as temperature, touch, taste, vision, smell, balance and hearing.

The olfactory nerve (CN 1) sends information about smells from the nose up to the brain. In the brain, this information is processed and becomes olfaction, or our sense of smell. The olfactory nerve is an is an afferent sensory nerve, meaning it takes in information from the outside world and sends it to the central nervous system. 
The olfactory nerve is the shortest cranial nerve. It is one of two cranial nerves that does not connect to the brain stem, the other being the optic nerve (CN 2). 

The olfactory nerve is not just one nerve, but a group of neurons working together to perform the same task. The olfactory neurons start branched out in the nasal cavity. From here, they reach up through the roof of the nasal cavity and connect to the olfactory bulb.

The olfactory nerve is unique because it is the only cranial nerve that can regenerate parts of itself if it is damaged. 

Smell molecules called aromatics come up the nose and into the nasal cavity. Here, they are detected by olfactory neurons. These neurons are branched out along the lining of the nasal cavity. Olfactory neurons take in the signal from the smell molecules and make electric signals called action potentials. The action potentials move up the olfactory neurons through the roof of the nasal cavity, also known as the cribiform plate. After passing through the cribiform plate, the olfactory neurons send the action potentials to the olfactory bulb. From here, signals are sent through the olfactory tract and out to different parts of the brain. For example, some signals are sent to the frontal lobe, where smells are identified and labeled.

Damage to this path can cause anosmia, or loss of the ability to smell.

The optic nerve (CN II) transmits visual information from the retina to the brain.

The oculomotor nerve (CN III) controls most of the muscles related to the movement of the eye, including the eyelids and control of the pupil. The trochlear nerve (CN IV) and abducens nerve (CN VI) are each responsible for their own single eye muscles.

The trigeminal nerve (CN V) is called "trigeminal" because it is made of 3 parts. Together, all these parts are responsible for sensation in the face and larger facial movements such as biting and chewing.

The facial nerve (CN VII) controls the muscles of facial expression, and helps carry taste sensations from the back of the tongue and mouth.

The vestibulocochlear nerve (CN VIII) transmits sound and equilibrium (balance) information from the inner ear to the brain.

The glossopharyngeal nerve (CN IX) is a mixed nerve that carries a wide range of sensory and motor information.

The vagus nerve (CN X) allows for parasympathetic control of the heart and digestive tract. It is the longest nerve of the autonomic nervous system in the human body.

The accessory nerve (CN XI) is a cranial nerve that controls the sternocleidomastoid and trapezius muscles.

The hypoglossal nerve (CN XII) is involved in controlling tongue movements required for speech and swallowing.

After leaving the brain, the cranial nerves travel inside the skull. Some must leave this bony compartment to reach their destinations. Often the nerves pass through holes in the skull, called foramina. Other nerves pass through bony canals, longer pathways enclosed by bone. These foramina and canals may have more than one cranial nerve, and may also contain blood vessels.


Volleyball at the Summer Olympics

Volleyball has been played at the Summer Olympics ever since the 1964 Summer Olympics. The history of Olympic volleyball can be traced back to the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris, where volleyball was played as part of an American sports demonstration event. It was only added as an Olympic sport, however, after World War II. This was when the FIVB was founded and of some of the continental confederations. In 1957, a special tournament was held at the 53rd IOC session in Sofia, Bulgaria, to support such request. The competition was a success, and the sport was officially introduced in 1964. The Olympic Committee initially dropped volleyball for the 1968 Olympics, meeting protests.


John Boyega

John Adedayo B. Adegboyega (born 17 March 1992), better known as John Boyega, is a British actor. He is best known for playing Finn in "" (2015), "" (2017) and "" (2019). He has also appeared in "Attack the Block" (2011), "Detroit" (2017) and "" (2018). He won the 2016 BAFTA Rising Star Award.

Boyega was born in Peckham, London. His parents are Nigerian.

Daisy Ridley

Daisy Jazz Isobel Ridley (born 10 April 1992) is a British actress. She is best known for playing Rey in "" (2015), "" (2017) and "" (2019). She also appeared in "Casulty" and "Silent Witness".

Ridley was born in Westminster, London. Her great-uncle was "Dad's Army" actor Arnold Ridley.

Adriana Olguín

Adriana Olguín de Baltra (born Luz Adriana Margarita Olguín Buche) (18 November 1911 – 24 December 2015) was a Chilean lawyer and politician. She was born in Valparaíso, Chile. Olguín served as Chile's Minister of Justice serving from 29 July 1952 through 3 November 1952 under the Gabriel González Videla administration. She was the first woman to hold a position in any presidential cabinet in Latin American history.

Olguín died in her home in Viña del Mar, Chile from natural causes at the age of 104.

Daddy's Home (movie)

Daddy's Home is a 2015 American comedy movie directed and written by Sean Anders. It was produced by Will Ferrell and Adam McKay. It stars Ferrell, Mark Wahlberg, Linda Cardellini, Thomas Haden Church with John Cena. It was filmed in New Orleans, Louisiana, but the movie takes place in California. It was released to mixed reviews on December 25, 2015. It was rated M in Australia and New Zealand for violence, sexual references and offensive language.

Dalton Trumbo

James Dalton Trumbo (December 9, 1905 – September 10, 1976) was an American screenwriter and novelist.

Trumbo was one of the Hollywood Ten, he refused to testify before the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC) in 1947 during the committee's investigation of Communist influences in the motion picture industry. 

Trumbo won two Academy Awards while blacklisted; one (for "Roman Holiday") was originally given to a front writer, and one (for "The Brave One") was awarded to "Robert Rich", Trumbo's pseudonym.

On December 19, 2011, the Writers Guild of America announced that Trumbo was being given full credit for his work on the screenplay of the 1953 romantic comedy "Roman Holiday", almost sixty years after the fact.

Actor Bryan Cranston plays Trumbo in the 2015 biopic "Trumbo" directed by Jay Roach.

Trumbo died of a heart attack in Los Angeles, California on September 10, 1976 at the age of 70.


Run-Around

"Run-Around" is a song by American jam band, Blues Traveler. It was released on the 1994 album "Four". It won the band's first Grammy Award in 1995, for "Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group.

The song was the band's first successful single, peaking at #8 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Trumbo (movie)

Trumbo is a 2015 American biographical-drama movie directed by Jay Roach. It was written by Michael London. The movie is about when screenwriter Dalton Trumbo is blacklisted as a communist for his support of the Communist Party of the USA during the 1950s. 

It stars Bryan Cranston as Trumbo with Diane Lane, Helen Mirren, Louis C.K., Elle Fanning, Michael Stuhlbarg, and John Goodman. It was released to positive reviews on November 6, 2015. 


Jim O'Toole

James Jerome "Jim" O'Toole (January 10, 1937 – December 26, 2015) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Cincinnati Reds (1958–1966) and Chicago White Sox (1967). He was left-handed.

O'Toole was born in Chicago, Illinois. He married Betty Wall on July 2, 1960. They had 11 children.

O'Toole died from cancer on December 26, 2015 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was 78.

Dichen Lachman

Dichen Lachman (born 22 February 1982) is a Nepalese-born Australian actress and movie producer. She is best known for her roles in the television series "Neighbours", "Dollhouse", "", "Hawaii Five-0", "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." and "".

Lachman was born in Kathmandu. Her mother is Tibetan and her father is an Australian of German ancestry. She grew up in Adelaide, South Australia. She moved to the United States in 2007 and lives in Los Angeles, California. She is married to Max Osinski and has one child.

Dami Im

Dami Im ( , , ; born October 17, 1988) is a South Korean singer who lives in Australia. She is known for her song "Sound of Silence", which came second place in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016.

She is best known for winning the fifth season of "The X Factor" in 2013. Her first album was an ARIA number one. She has three studio albums, two extended plays, nine singles, two album appearances, and four music videos. 

She represented Australia at the Eurovision Song Contest in 2016 with the song "Sound of Silence". She won the jury vote but did not receive enough points from the public vote to win and finished in second place. 

Im was born in Incheon. Her family moved to Australia when she was 9. She grew up in Brisbane, Queensland. She is married and lives in Daisy Hill, a suburb of Logan City, Queensland. She is a Christian.


Haskell Wexler

Haskell Wexler, A.S.C. (February 6, 1922 – December 27, 2015) was an American cinematographer, movie producer, screenwriter and director. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He won an Academy Award for Best Cinematography in 1966.

Wexler was known for his works "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" (finished by Bill Butler), "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?", "Medium Cool", "In the Heat of the Night", "Days of Heaven" and "Matewan". He was said to be one of film history's ten most influential cinematographers in a survey of the members of the International Cinematographers Guild.

Wexler died in his sleep at the age of 93 on December 27, 2015 at his home in Santa Monica, California.


Dave Henderson

David Lee Henderson (July 21, 1958 – December 27, 2015), nicknamed Hendu, was an American professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Seattle Mariners, Boston Red Sox, San Francisco Giants, Oakland Athletics, and Kansas City Royals during his 14-year career. He was born in Merced, California.

Henderson died of a massive heart attack in Seattle, Washington, one month after receiving a kidney transplant, at the age of 57.


Jose Offerman

Jose Offerman was a Major League Baseball player who played for the Boston Red Sox among other teams.


Jim Klobuchar

James John "Jim" Klobuchar (April 9, 1928 – May 12, 2021) was an American journalist, author, and tour guide. He wrote for the "Star Tribune" in Minneapolis for thirty years. He wrote an occasional column for the "Christian Science Monitor". He was the father of U.S. Senator Amy Klobuchar. He was born in Ely, Minnesota.

Klobuchar died in Burnsville, Minnesota on May 12, 2021 from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 93.

Mark Warner

Mark Robert Warner (born December 15, 1954) is an American politician and the senior United States Senator from Virginia, in office since 2009. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Warner was the 69th Governor of Virginia, holding the office from 2002 to 2006.


Ellsworth Kelly

Ellsworth Kelly (May 31, 1923 – December 27, 2015) was an American painter, sculptor, and printmaker. He worked with hard-edge painting, Color Field painting and the minimalist school. His works showed unique techniques showing simplicity of form, similar to the work of John McLaughlin and Kenneth Noland. 

Kelly died in Spencertown, New York on December 27, 2015 of respiratory failure at the age of 92.

The Babadook

The Babadook is a 2014 Australian-Canadian psychological horror drama movie, written and directed by Jennifer Kent as her directorial debut. It is about a woman and her son being tortured by an evil spirit based on a child's book. The movie stars Essie Davis and Noah Wiseman, while Daniel Henshall, Hayley McElhinney, Barbara West, and Ben Winspear appear in supporting roles.

"The Babadook" was produced by Causeway Films (Kristina Ceyton) and is based on the short movie "Monster" (2005), also written and directed by Kent. The movie was shown at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival and received positive reviews. On Rotten Tomatoes' aggregation, it was ranked as the third most-liked movie of the year.


Alfredo Pacheco

Alfredo Alberto Pacheco (1 December 1982 – 27 December 2015) was a Salvadoran footballer. He played for FAS and the New York Red Bulls. He also had the record for most appearances for his national team, playing 86 times.

Pacheco was born in Santa Ana. He was married with five children and lived in the United States.

Pacheco was shot and killed on 27 December 2015 in Santa Ana, aged 33.

Fetal alcohol syndrome

Fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS) is a group of mental and physical problems that can happen when a mother drinks alcohol while she is pregnant. A "syndrome" is a group of symptoms. "Fetal" means anything that has to do with a fetus. Fetal alcohol syndrome includes ways a fetus is hurt by alcohol while it is still in its mother's womb.

Fetal alcohol syndrome is caused by a mother drinking alcohol while she is pregnant. When a mother drinks while she is pregnant, the alcohol goes through the umbilical cord to the fetus. This is why doctors say "when a [pregnant] woman drinks alcohol, so does her baby."

Alcohol is poisonous to a fetus and can cause brain damage. This can cause many other problems once the baby is born.

Alcohol can cause problems with the way the fetus develops at any time during a pregnancy. This includes the earliest part of pregnancy, when the mother might not even know she is pregnant.

A fetus is most likely to develop fetal alcohol syndrome if its mother:

It does not matter whether the mother drinks beer, wine, hard liquor, or any other kind of alcohol. One kind is not safer than any other. They are all equally likely to cause FAS.

To be diagnosed with fetal alcohol syndrome, a child must have problems in three different areas.

Having "abnormal facial features" means that parts of the child's face look different than a child without FAS. To be diagnosed with FAS, a child must have:

Children with FAS do not grow as well as children without FAS. These growth problems can start even before birth, so many babies with FAS are born weighing less than other babies.

To be diagnosed with FAS, a child must have a height, weight, or both that are lower than normal. Their height or weight must be in the 10th percentile or lower, meaning 90% of all other children are taller or heavier.

The central nervous system controls everything in the body. When it is damaged by alcohol during pregnancy, the damage can cause many different problems. To be diagnosed with FAS, a child must have three different kinds of central nervous system problems:

"Structural" problems are problems with the shape of the head or the brain. For example:

Neurological problems are problems with the way the brain and nerves control the body. For example:

"Functional" problems are problems doing everyday tasks. To be diagnosed with FAS, a child has to have a lot more trouble doing everyday things than other children his age. The child has to have a low IQ or developmental delay, or problems in three of these areas:

In the United States, alcohol is the most common cause of birth defects that can be prevented. Fetal alcohol syndrome can be prevented in every pregnancy if the mother drinks no alcohol while she is pregnant.

Doctors suggest that women who are trying to get pregnant should also drink no alcohol. This is because a woman may not know she is pregnant for the first 4–6 weeks of her pregnancy. Some women drink alcohol during this time, since they do not realize they are pregnant. But drinking during the earliest part of a pregnancy can cause severe FAS because the earliest part of the pregnancy is when the fetus's brain starts developing. This is why it is safest not to drink any alcohol if a woman thinks she might get pregnant.

Stein Eriksen

Stein Eriksen (11 December 1927 – 27 December 2015) is a Norwegian-American alpine skier. He won gold and two silvers at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo. He retired in 1954.

Eriksen was born in Oslo. His parents were Marius Eriksen (1886–1950) and Birgit Heien (1900–1996). He lived in the United States for six decades.

Eriksen died on 27 December 2015 in Park City, Utah. He was 88.


Meridian arc

In geodesy, a meridian arc is the distance between two points with the same longitude. In geometry it is an arc: a segment of a curve. The length of an imaginary rope laid over the globe would be that distance.

Two or more such measurements at different places get the shape of the reference ellipsoid which is most like the shape of the geoid. This process is called "the determination of the figure of the Earth". The earliest determinations of the size of a spherical Earth used a single arc. The latest determinations use astro-geodetic measurements and the methods of satellite geodesy to get the reference ellipsoids.

The Alexandrian scientist Eratosthenes about 240 BC, first calculated a good value for circumference of the Earth. He knew that on the summer solstice at local noon the sun goes through the zenith in the ancient Egyptian city of Syene (Assuan). He also knew from his own measurements that, at the same moment in his hometown of Alexandria, the zenith distance was 1/50 of a full circle (7.2°). Assuming that Alexandria was due north of Syene, Eratosthenes concluded that the distance between Alexandria and Syene must be 1/50 of Earth's circumference.

In 1687 Newton published in the "Principia" a proof that the Earth was an oblate spheroid of flattening equal to 1/230.


Philip of Hesse-Darmstadt

Philip of Hesse-Darmstadt (July 20, 1671 in Darmstadt – August 11, 1736 in Vienna) was a Prince of Hesse-Darmstadt, Imperial Field Marshal and Governor of Mantua.

Philip was a younger son of Louis VI, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt (1630–1678) and his second wife Elisabeth Dorothea of Saxe-Coburg (1640–1709), daughter of Ernest II, Duke of Saxe-Gotha.

Philip fought for the Habsburgs in the Spanish War of Succession. In 1708 he became Field Marshal and Supreme Commander of the Imperial troops in newly conquered Naples. After the war in 1714, under influence of Prince Eugene of Savoy, he became governor of the former Duchy of Mantua until his death.

Philip was a great lover of music. When he was with his soldiers in Naples, he was patron of Nicola Porpora. When he was governor of Mantua, he made Antonio Vivaldi "Maestro di Cappella" of his court. Vivaldi wrote the opera Tito Manlio to celebrate Philip's wedding to Princess Eleanora of Guastalla, however the wedding never took place.

On March 24, 1693, Philip married Marie Therese of Croÿ (1673–1714), daughter of Ferdinand François Joseph, Duke of Croy-Havré. He had to beome a Catholic for the wedding, which made his mother very upset.

Philip and Marie had five children : 



Sean Hayes (actor)

Sean Patrick Hayes (born June 26, 1970) is an American actor, comedian, and producer. He is best known for his role as Jack McFarland on the NBC sitcom "Will & Grace". During the series he won an Emmy Award, four SAG Awards, and one American Comedy Award, and earned six Golden Globe nominations. After "Will & Grace" he guest starred in programs such as "30 Rock", "Portlandia" and "Parks and Recreation".

Robert Spitzer (psychiatrist)

Robert Leopold Spitzer (May 22, 1932 – December 25, 2015) was an American psychiatrist. He was a professor of psychiatry at Columbia University in New York City. He was a major figure in the development of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). He helped remove homosexuality as a mental disorder.

Spitzer was born in White Plains, New York. He studied at Cornell University and at New York University School of Medicine. He worked at Columbia University until his retirement in 2010. Spitzer died of heart disease at his home in Seattle, Washington at the age of 83.


Mujaddid

Mujaddid () in Islam is a reformer who is given the task of removing errors that have occurred among Muslims. Their job is to show people the great religious truths which the Muslim community will be asked to face. According to the popular Muslim tradition, it refers to a person who appears at the turn of every century of the Islamic calendar to revive Islam, cleansing it of extraneous elements and restoring it to its pristine purity. In contemporary times, a mujaddid is looked upon as the greatest Muslim of a century.

Ikhtilaf (disagreements) exist among vatious hadith specialists. Scholars and historians like Al-Dhahabi and Ibn Hajar al-Asqalani have interpreted that the term mujaddid can also be understood as plural, thus referring to a group of people.

The Arabic word mujaddid means "reformer", "renovator", "reviver", "renewer" or "regenerator". It is someone who revives and renovates the religion. The concept of tajdid (renewal or revival) and the term mujaddid come rather from a hadith, a statement of the Prophet Muhammad. This hadith was written down by Abu Dawood in his Sunan, one of the six authoritative Sunni collections of the Prophet's statements. In this hadith, the Prophet says:

This means reform is in the essential nature of Islam and Muslims are called all the time to work hard to make new ideas cope with tradition. It also means that not everything in the Muslim tradition is useful and good for this modern age; there are certain things that were possible in the past but are no longer relevant today. Slavery would be a prime example.

Tajdid (renewal) in Islamic thought means renewing the ideology representing the intellectual product of Muslims in the fields of science, knowledge and ijtihad to interpret Islam and understand and explicate its rulings.

Al-Suyuti mentioned in his book Al-Jami' al-Sagheer, "Renewing religion means renewing its guidance, clarifying its truth and precedence, refuting the innovations and extremism presented to its followers or their reluctance in upholding it, and following its rules in managing the interests of the people and the law of society and civilization."

Among the most manifest aspects of tajdid (renewal) in Islamic thought is the renewal of Islamic sciences as follows:

"Mujaddids" can include prominent scholars, pious rulers and military commanders.

There is no formal mechanism for designating a mujaddid. The persons of this list are claimed to be Mujaddid.

While there is no formal mechanism for designating a "mujaddid" in Sunni Islam, there is often a popular consensus.
















Eleanor Coen

Eleanor Coen (October 21, 1916 – July 9, 2010) was an American painter. She was born in Normal, Illinois. Coen worked at the Art Institute of Chicago. Coen's work is displayed at the Smithsonian American Art Museum and Art Institute of Chicago.

Coen died of heart failure at the age of 93 in Evanston, Illinois. 

Martin Bell (director)

Martin Bell (born January 16, 1943) is an American movie director. He was best known for his movies such as "Streetwise" and "American Heart". His career began in 1971 wile making short movies. He was married to Mary Ellen Mark until her death in 2015.

Aaron T. Beck

Aaron Temkin Beck (July 18, 1921 – November 1, 2021) was an American psychiatrist and a professor emeritus in the department of psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania. He was thought to be as the father of cognitive therapy, and his theories are widely used in the treatment of clinical depression.

Beck was born in Providence, Rhode Island to a family of Russian Jewish immigrants. He studied at Brown University and at Yale Medical School.

Beck also developed self-report measures of depression and anxiety including Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Beck Hopelessness Scale, Beck Scale for Suicidal Ideation (BSS), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), and Beck Youth Inventories. Beck is known for his research in psychotherapy, psychopathology, suicide, and psychometrics, which led to his creation of cognitive therapy and the BDI, one of the most widely used instruments for measuring depression severity.

Beck worked with psychologist Maria Kovacs in the creation of the Children's Depression Inventory, which used the BDI as a model. Beck's work at the University of Pennsylvania inspired Martin Seligman to create his own cognitive techniques and exercises, and later work on learned helplessness.

Beck is the President Emeritus of the non-profit Beck Institute for Cognitive Behavior Therapy and the Honorary President of the Academy of Cognitive Therapy, which certifies qualified cognitive therapists.

Beck married judge Phyllis W. Beck in 1950. Together, they had four children. He lived in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Beck turned 100 on July 18, 2021 and died later in the year on November 1 at his home in Philadelphia.



Ralph Torres

Ralph Deleon Guerrero Torres (born August 6, 1979) is an American Republican politician from Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands. He was the 9th Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands from the death of governor Eloy Inos on December 28, 2015 until January 9, 2023. He previously served as the 10th Lieutenant Governor. He was elected to this position in the 2014 election. He lost re-election in 2022 to Arnold Palacios.

William Waad

Sir William Waad (also Wade or Wadd) (1546 - 1623) was an English diplomat and administrator. He served as a special diplomatic agent for Elizabeth I of England. She sent him to France to collect papers which were used to convict her sister, Queen Mary. Waad also carried out the questioning and interrogations of political prisoners, often using torture to get the answers. He was involved in questioning Sir Walter Raleigh, members of the Gunpowder Plot, and the Essex rebellion among others.

Carlos Romero Barceló

Carlos Antonio Romero Barceló (September 4, 1932 – May 2, 2021) was a Puerto Rican politician. He served as the fifth Governor of Puerto Rico. He was the second governor to be elected from the New Progressive Party (PNP) and also Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico from 1993 to 2001.

On July 3, 2017, he was appointed by Governor Ricky Rosselló as Puerto Rico's first United States Shadow Senator to the U.S. Senate.

Romero Barceló was hospitalized in San Juan, Puerto Rico in March 2021 for sepsis and a urinary tract infection. He died a month later on May 2, 2021 at the age of 88.


Movie: "Bajo otra Bandera" made 1997.

Coronagraph

A coronagraph is a telescope to see things around the Sun. The telescope uses a disk to block the bright surface of the sun, exposing bright objects around the sun to be visible to human eyes.

James Braid

James Braid (1795 - 1860) was a Scottish surgeon and hypnotist.

He was born in Portmoak, Scotland. He died in of an illness in Chorlton-on-Medlock, Manchester.

Braid saw a demonstration of mesmerism by Charles Lafontaine in 1841 and began to explore and research the subject for himself. He argued that the trance like state that a person went into, which he called hypnotism, was a state of mind. He said it was not caused by the transferring "mesmeric fluid" or "animal magnetism". He believed a hypnotic state could be caused by having a person stare at a small bright object. When a person was in a hypnotic state, they could be given suggestions which they did not remember when fully awake. He also noted changes in pulse and blood circulation, which he believed were able to cure some illnesses. He began using hypnotism and suggestion as way of treating some of his patients.

His ideas were later developed by a group of doctors in Paris, who were called "Braidists". Led by the neurologist J. M. Charcot, their work made it scientifically acceptable to study hypnotism.

Braid wrote a book and several articles about his research and his ideas:

Colin Dexter

Norman Colin Dexter, OBE, (29 September 1930 – 21 March 2017) was an English crime writer. He was known for his Inspector Morse novels, which were written between 1975 and 1999 and adapted as a television series from 1987 to 2000.

In 2000 Dexter was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire for services to literature. In 2001 he was awarded the Freedom of the City of Oxford.

Dexter died in his sleep at his home in Oxford on 21 March 2017, aged 86.

Sheila Mercier

Sheila Mercier (1 January 1919 – 4 December 2019) was an English actress. She was born in Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, England. She played Annie Sugden in "Emmerdale" for over 20 years between 1972 and 1994, she made 3 further appearances in 1995, 1996 and 2009.

Buick Rendezvous

The Buick Rendezvous was a midsize crossover SUV. It was built by General Motors from 2002 to 2007. The Rendezvous was built on a short wheelbase of the GM U platform similar to the Pontiac Aztek. It slotted between the Rainier and the Terraza. From 2002 to 2006, it offered the option of front-wheel-drive or all-wheel drive. This was dropped for the final model year. The Rendezvous was later discontinued due to a drop in sales and replaced by the slightly larger Buick Enclave CUV which also replaced the Rainier and Terraza.

Stuck in the Middle (TV series)

Stuck in the Middle is a Disney Channel Original Series. It was created by Alison Brown and executive producer Linda Videtti Figueiredo. The series stars Jenna Ortega as Harley Diaz. The series aired on February 14, 2016. The main character of the show is one year older than Lincoln Loud from The Loud House.

The series is about a family of 9, seen through the point of view of Harley Diaz, a 12-year-old inventor who just so happens to be the middle kid in a large family,


The Disney Channel series "Stuck in the Middle" started airing on February 14, 2016. The series premiered on March 11, 2016. Production began on November 30, 2015.


Budō

Budō is a Japanese term describing modern Japanese martial arts. Budō, which means "the martial ways", has its origins in bushidō, "the way of the warrior". The budō arts include aikido, judo, jūkendō, Kendo, Kyūdō, naginata, shorinji kempo and sumo. In battle, budō teaches defense with the ideas of nonviolence and spiritual enlightenment. Originally designed for warfare, budō became a way of self-defense. From his book "Meditations on Violence", Rory Miller wrote:
"It is better to avoid than to run; better to run than to de-escalate; better to de-escalate than to fight; better to fight than to die. Budō is based on the principles of Zen. The term budō is often used in another sense to refer to specific martial arts such as Akai Budo, Judo and Kendo.

<br>

Rearguard

A rearguard is a part of a military force that protects the main force from attack from the rear. This is either during an advance or withdrawal. The term can also be used to describe forces protecting lines of communication behind an army. In modern armies the rearguard may be used to delay an enemy, to keep supply routes open or may also gather intelligence on an enemy approaching from the rear. One of the best recorded examples of a rearguard action is found in The Song of Roland. It is based on the historical events of the attack on the rearguard of Charlemagne's army in the Pyrenees. It was written in the 11th century, three hundred years after it happened.

<br>

The Song of Roland

The Song of Roland () is an epic poem based on the Battle of Roncevaux in 778 during the reign of Charlemagne. It is the oldest surviving major piece of French literature. It exists in different manuscript versions which shows its great popularity in from the 12th to 14th centuries.

The date of poem is somewhere between 1040 and 1115. An early version began around 1040. Additions and changes were made up until about 1115. The final text has about 4,000 lines of poetry. These are further divided into 298 poetic units called laisses. It was written to be performed, possibly to music. The author of the poem is unknown.

The epic poem is the oldest example of the "chanson de geste". This was a literary form popular between the 11th and 15th centuries. It was all about legendary deeds and heroes.

The poem is about an actual historical event that happened centuries earlier. In 778 Charlemagne invaded Spain. On his way through the Pyrenees he looted and plundered Basque lands. He found little resistance in Spain until he reached the city of Zaragoza. Charlemagne demanded they surrender. The city governor, Hussain Ibn al-Ansari, refused. Charlemagne then laid siege to the city but with little success. Finally the governor paid Charlemagne a large amount of gold in return for Charlemagne's army leaving the area. Charlemagne had a pending Saxon revolt at home so he needed little persuasion to leave.

As Charlemagne marched north back to France he again passed through Basque territory. His large army was deep in the Pyrenees in a long column on August 15, 778. His rearguard was commanded by Roland, one of Charlemagne's most trusted leaders. The rearguard was attacked starting the Battle of Roncevaux Pass. The Basques using their knowledge of the terrain were able to overcome the Frankish rearguard. But their job was to protect the main army so they fought to the last man. The Basques plundered the baggage trains and captured the gold Charlemagne was paid at Zaragoza. Before the Frankish army could turn to fight the Basques, they had gone. Roland and his men died as heroes.



Chumar

Chumar is a place in the provences of Jammu and Kashmir, India. The area is claimed by both China and India. According to China's Ministry of Defence "the two countries’ border, to this day, has not been designated". The problem is that for centuries, the sparsely inhabited mountainous region existed as a buffer zone between empires. A border war broke out in 1962 that has to date killed thousands of soldiers. The tension between the two countries has come and gone but is now raised again.

Elżbieta Krzesińska

Elżbieta Maria Krzesińska née Duńska (November 11, 1934 – December 29, 2015) was a Polish track and field athlete from Warsaw.

She competed in the long jump. She competed for her native country at the 1956 Summer Olympics held in Melbourne, Australia where she won the gold medal in the Women's Long Jump. She returned to the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome but failed to defend her title, finishing second behind Soviet Vera Krepkina.

Krzesińska died after a long-illness at her home in Warsaw at the age of 81.

Pavel Srníček

Pavel Srníček (10 March 1968 – 29 December 2015) was a Czech professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper from 1990 to 2007, mainly for Newcastle United. 

He represented Sheffield Wednesday, Portsmouth and West Ham United in England, and also played in Italy for Brescia and Cosenza, in Portugal for Beira-Mar, and in his native country for Banik Ostrava. After retiring, he worked as a goalkeeping coach for his own private school and for Sparta Prague.

Srníček played internationally for the Czech Republic from 1994 to 2001, earning a total of 49 caps. He was part of their squad that came runners-up at UEFA Euro 96, and was their first-choice goalkeeper when they came third at the 1997 FIFA Confederations Cup and contested UEFA Euro 2000.

On 4 January 2012, Sparta Prague confirmed the appointment of Srníček to their coaching staff.

Srníček suffered a massive heart attack while out jogging on 20 December 2015. He was put into an induced coma at a hospital in his native Ostrava. He died nine days later at the age of 47, when his life support was turned off due to irreversible brain damage.

Progeria

Progeria (), also called Hutchinson–Gilford progeria syndrome and HGPS progeria syndrome is a very rare genetic disorder. Children born with progeria show symptoms which are like aging. This can include skin wrinkles and grey hair or baldness. Progeria is one of several progeroid syndromes. The word "progeria" comes from the Greek words "pro" (πρό), meaning "before" or "premature", and "gēras" (γῆρας), meaning "old age". 

It is very rare, only 1 child in every 8 million live births. People with progeria usually only live to their mid teens to early twenties. It is a genetic condition that occurs as a new mutation. It is rarely inherited, as people with the condition do not usually live long enough to have children. 

Scientists are studying progeria because it might reveal clues about the normal process of aging. Progeria was first described in 1886 by Jonathan Hutchinson. It was also described independently in 1897 by Hastings Gilford. The condition was later named Hutchinson–Gilford progeria syndrome.

Antony Booth

Anthony George Booth (9 October 1931 – 25 September 2017), later known as Tony and Antony, was a retired English actor. He is best known for his role as Mike Rawlins in the BBC series "Till Death Us Do Part".

Booth is the father-in-law of former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair. Blair is married to Booth's daughter Cherie Booth.

Booth suffered a stroke in 2010. He was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2004. He died of the disease in London on 25 September 2017 at the age of 85.

Bob Cerv

Robert Henry Cerv (May 5, 1925 – April 6, 2017) was a former American baseball player. Before his professional career, he was a collegiate baseball and basketball player at the University of Nebraska. He was born in Weston, Nebraska.

Cerv signed with the New York Yankees in 1950 and was a little-used reserve outfielder on the Yankee teams of the early 1950s. Cerv played for the Yankees from 1951 through 1956, again in 1960, and lastly from 1961 through 1962. He also played for the Kansas City Athletics (1957-1960), Los Angeles Angels (1961), and the Houston Colt .45s (1962).

Cerv died on April 6, 2017 in Blair, Nebraska from a stroke, aged 91.

Robin Williams (canoeist)

Robin Williams is a British slalom canoeist who competed in the 1980s. He won two medals in the C-2 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold in 1981 and a bronze in 1983.

Florida A&amp;M University

Florida A&M University or FAMU, is a public, historically black university in Tallahassee, Florida. Its official name is Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University. Florida A&M University was built on the highest of seven hills in Tallahassee. It opened on October 3, 1887.

It is one of the largest historically black universities in the United States, in number of students. It awards bachelor's, master's and doctorate degrees.

FAMU's main campus is in Tallahassee. It is close to the State Capitol and the campus of Florida State University. The university also has campuses in Orlando, Miami, Jacksonville, Tampa and Crestview.

 has 132 buildings that spread out over . Part of the campus is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. This is named the Florida Agricultural and Mechanical College Historic District. It was placed on the list on May 9, 1996.

The district is in the center of the campus. In the National Register, it covers . It includes 14 historic buildings and 1 object. One campus building, the old Carnegie Library, is listed separately on the National Register.

On April 18, 2012, the AIA's Florida Chapter put Lee Hall at Florida Agricultural & Mechanical University on its list of "Florida Architecture: 100 Years. 100 Places".


Frank Malzone

Frank James Malzone (February 28, 1930 – December 29, 2015) was an American baseball player. He was a former Major League Baseball third baseman and right-handed slugger who played for the Boston Red Sox (1955–65) and California Angels (1966). He was born in The Bronx, New York.

Malzone died in Needham, Massachusetts of natural causes at the age of 85.


Over and Over Again (song)

"Over and Over Again" is a song by English recording artist Nathan Sykes. The song was written by Sykes and was released in the United Kingdom on 20 November 2015 as the second single from his debut studio album. The song peaked to number 8 on the UK Singles Chart.

Sykes performed the song live on "The X Factor" on 22 November 2015.

Kim Yang-gon

Kim Yang-gon (; 24 April 1942 – 29 December 2015) was a North Korean politician. He was a member of the ruling party Workers' Party of Korea (WPK). He served as head of relations with South Korea from 2007 until his death, under both Kim Jong-il and later Kim Jong-un. He was born in Anju, South Pyongan Province.

Kim died in a car accident on 29 December 2015, aged 73.

Rufous-tailed lark

The rufous-tailed lark ("Ammomanes phoenicura") is a passerine bird. It is native to India and northeast Pakistan.

Terpenoid

Turpenoids, or isoprenoids, are a large group of organic compounds. They are built of five-carbon isoprene units put together and modified in thousands of ways.

They are lipids, and are found in all classes of living things. They are the largest group of natural products. About 60% of natural products are terpenoids.

Plant terpenoids are often used for their scent. They are used in traditional herbal remedies. Terpenoids help the scent of eucalyptus, the flavors of cinnamon, cloves, and ginger, the yellow color in sunflowers, and the red color in tomatoes. Well-known terpenoids include citral, menthol, camphor, salvinorin A in the plant "Salvia divinorum", the cannabinoids found in cannabis, ginkgolide and bilobalide found in "Ginkgo biloba", and the curcuminoids found in turmeric and mustard seeds.

The steroids and sterols in animals are biologically produced from terpenoid precursors.

Bad Orb

Bad Orb is a spa town in Hesse, Germany.

Astrocyte

Astrocytes are characteristic star-shaped glial cells in the brain and spinal cord. They are also known collectively as astroglia.

The proportion of astrocytes in the brain varies. Studies have found that the astrocyte proportion varies by region from 20% to 40% of all glia. 

Astrocytes do many things. They help the endothelial cells of the blood–brain barrier, provide nutrients to the nervous tissue, keep extracellular ions in balance. They also help repair the brain and spinal cord after traumatic injuries.

Research since the mid-1990s has shown that astrocytes release Ca ions, and adjust brain functions. Such discoveries have made astrocytes an important area of research in neuroscience.

Natoli

Natoli is an Italian surname.

It may refer to:

Mangesh Padgaonkar

Mangesh Keshav Padgaonkar (Devanagari: मंगेश केशव पाडगांवकर; 10 March 1929 – 30 December 2015) was an Indian poet from Maharashtra, India. He was born on 10 March 1929 in Vengurla, Sindhudurg District in Maharashtra. 

Padgaonkar has 40 publications to his credit. He began writing at the age of 14. The United States Library of Congress has 31 of his publications in their collection. He has also translated works of Kabir and Surdas in Marathi along with Shakespeare's plays "The Tempest", "Julius Caesar" and "Romeo and Juliet". In 2008, his translation of the Bible was released.

Padgaonkar died in Mumbai from a short illness at the age of 86.

Joe Houston

Joe Houston (July 11, 1926 – December 28, 2015) was an American tenor saxophonist. He played jazz and rhythm and blues. He was born in Bastrop, Texas. His career began in the 1940s in Kansas City, Missouri.

Houston formed his own band The Rockets, and moved to Los Angeles in 1952. He scored his only two chart hit singles in 1952 with "Worry, Worry, Worry" and "Hard Time Baby" both of which peaked at #10 on "Billboard's" R&B singles chart.

Houston's musical career ended after he suffered a stroke in 2005. He died on December 28, 2015 in Long Beach, California, following a series of strokes, aged 89.

Apgar score

The Apgar score is used in medicine. It is a quick way of measuring how healthy a newborn baby is.

Virginia Apgar invented the Apgar score in 1952. She was an anesthesiologist, and created the score to measure how babies were affected by anesthesia given to their mothers during childbirth.

Today, the Apgar score is very commonly used by doctors, nurses, midwives, emergency medical technicians (EMTs), and other medical professionals. One of the reasons it is so popular is that doing an Apgar test is very quick. It usually takes less than a minute, sometimes just seconds.

When an Apgar test is done, five simple things about the newborn baby are checked. The newborn gets a score of 0, 1, or 2 on each of these give things. The scores are added up, and the total is the newborn's Apgar score.

"Apgar" is the name of the woman who invented the Apgar scale. But "APGAR" is also a backronym that stands for the things the Apgar scale checks. These are Appearance, Pulse, Grimace, Activity, and Respiration.
The Apgar test is usually done one minute after birth, and again five minutes after birth. It may be repeated later if the score is low and stays low. 

The main goal of the Apgar score is to see whether the newborn needs medical help. Usually:

If a newborn has a low Apgar score one minute after birth, this does not mean the baby is going to have long-term health problems. This is especially true if the Apgar score is better five minutes after birth.

But an Apgar score that stays below 3 at later times—like 10, 15, or 30 minutes after birth—may show that the newborn has brain damage. These newborns are a little more likely to have cerebral palsy. However, the Apgar test cannot predict (say for sure) whether a baby will have long-term health problems.


Neheb

Neheb is listed on the Palermo Stone as a Predynastic ancient Egyptian king who ruled in the Lower Egypt. There is no other evidence of such ruler. Neheb may be a mythical king only remembered in unwritten stories, or may even be completely fictitious.

Doug Atkins

Douglas Leon Atkins (May 8, 1930 – December 30, 2015) was a former American football defensive end. He played for the Cleveland Browns, Chicago Bears and New Orleans Saints in the National Football League. He played college football at the University of Tennessee under legendary head coach Robert Neyland. He is a member of the College Football Hall of Fame and the Pro Football Hall of Fame. He was born in Humboldt, Tennessee. 

Atkins died in Knoxville, Tennessee on December 30, 2015 at the age of 85.

Jerzmanice-Zdrój

Jerzmanice-Zdrój is a small village in Lower Silesia, Poland. The first time it appeared in sources was in 1253 as Hermanstorph. The village administrator is Edward Janiec.

Jerzmanice-Zdrój was a health resort from 1881, when a doctor from the nearby town Złotoryja made a small place for sick people called "Hermsdorf Bad". This lasted until World War II. After the war, the health resort did not re-open.

The origin of "Jerzmanice" is unknown. One theory is that this part of the name is a Polish crack from German name "Hermsdorf" or "Hermannsdorf". These names are an earlier name of Jerzmanice-Zdrój. The origin of "zdrój" is means "spring" or "spa" in English. 

A lot of people do not say "Jerzmanice-Zdrój", only "Jerzmanice". The earlier names of Jerzmanice are: Bad Hermsdorf, Hermsdorf, Hermannsdorf, Hermanstorph, Hermsdorf am Katzbach. In 1946 the name "Jerzmanice Zdrój" was established.

The highest point in Jerzmanice is Goleń Hill. It is above sea level. It is in the valley of Kaczawa.

The village has a primary school and public library. 

Through Jerzmanice run a few streets: DW364 and DW328. The most popular way of travel is private transportation.

Most citizens are Roman Catholics, but only about 20% practise it. Some people are Jehovah's Witnesses or atheists.

Gino Marchetti

Gino John Marchetti (January 2, 1926 – April 29, 2019) was an American professional football player in the National Football League and businessman. A defensive end, he played in 1952 for the Dallas Texans and from 1953 to 1966 for the Baltimore Colts.

Marchetti was born in Smithers, West Virginia. He was raised in Antioch, California. Marchetti studied at Modesto Junior College and at the University of San Francisco.

In 2004, Marchetti was voted to the East-West Shrine Game Hall of Fame.

Marchetti died of problems caused by pneumonia on April 29, 2019 at a hospital in Paoli, Pennsylvania at the age of 93.


Mekh

Mekh is listed on the Palermo Stone as a Predynastic ancient Egyptian king who ruled in the Lower Egypt. There is no other evidence of such ruler. Mekh may be a mythical king who is only remembered in unwritten stories, or may even be completely fictitious.

Reign

A reign is the period of time that a monarch (a king, queen, emperor, etc.) rules over a country. It can also be the period of time that a spiritual leader rules in a particular office. For example, the reign of a pope, dalai lama, patriarch etc. A reign can also be used for an office or championship. In many cases a reign lasts until the monarch (or leader) resigns, dies, or is removed. A monarch's reign was sometimes used to mark time officially. In Anglo-Saxon England for example, many royal documents were dated by the regnal year of the king. This lasted until about the 10th century.

Some of the longest reigning current monarchs are:


Some of the longest reigning monarchs of all time are:

Some of the shortest reigns in history are:

Double Falcon

Double Falcon (also possibly Dju and Nebwy) was a Predynastic pharaoh of Lower Egypt belonging to Dynasty 0. The exact timeline of his reign is unknown, although it is estimated to be during the 33rd century BCE. The length of his reign is unknown.

In 1910 M. J. Clédat, an Egyptologist, discovered the first evidence for king Double Falcon. A farmer at el-Mehemdiah in the north-eastern delta brought him a jar and some incised fragments found while planting a palm-grove in nearby el-Beda. Clédat soon discovered four serekhs of king Double Falcon.

In 1912 Hermann Junker found a tomb at Tura, which contained a complete jar with a serekh topped by two falcons.

More serekhs of king Double Falcon have been found in the Sinai, in Tell Ibrahim Awad in the eastern delta, in Adaima and Abydos in Upper Egypt, and in the Palmahim quarry in southern Israel. Because these finds have mainly been in Lower Egypt and north-western Sinai, it shows Double Falcon may have only ruled over these areas. However as some of his serekhs have been found in Upper Egypt and Canaan, it shows that the power of the Dynasty 0 kings was spreading. This had already begun towards the end of the Naqada III period, through trading or warfare.

The serekh of Double Falcon is unique. Firstly, it is the only one topped by two Horus falcons, facing each other. Secondly, the serekh does not have a place for the name. Instead this space is filled by vertical lines which usually represent the niched facade of a palace. The serekh does not have the horizontal line that separates the palace facade from the name of the ruler above. Finally, each falcon stands on its own peak. Experts believe that these features are symbolic. The two falcons could represent Lower Egypt and the Sinai, as it seems that Double Falcon reigned over both regions. Dreyer believes that the falcons stand on a on a sign meaning "mountain" which is N26 of Gardiner's sign list: N26 He reads the name as "Dju" ('), so that the name of the king is shown by a pair of falcons on mountains above a plain serekh. But another expert, van den Brink, reads the name as "Nebwy" ('), meaning "the two lords", and similar to a much earlier palette on display in the Barbier-Mueller Museum of Geneva.

Alcohol withdrawal

Alcohol withdrawal (also called alcohol withdrawal syndrome) is medical problem. It is a set of symptoms that can happen when a person who has drunk alcohol for a long time stops drinking. It can also happen when a person starts drinking less than they used to.

Alcohol withdrawal can be very dangerous. In the worst cases, it can even kill a person. This is why it is dangerous for people who drink a lot to stop drinking without talking to a doctor first.

Alcohol is a central nervous system depressant. This means that alcohol slows down the activity in some parts of the brain. This can create good feelings, like feeling relaxed and happy.

If a person drinks a lot of alcohol, eventually their body will get used to the alcohol. After a while, the person will need to drink more and more alcohol to feel drunk and to slow down parts of their brain. This is called "tolerance".

Once the body is used to having alcohol (and having parts of the brain slowed down), suddenly taking away the alcohol will cause withdrawal symptoms. The central nervous system is used to being slowed down by alcohol. So without alcohol, the central nervous system gets very excited and over-active.

A person who gets tolerant to alcohol, and gets withdrawal symptoms when they stop drinking, is "physically dependent" on alcohol. This is also called "physical addiction."

Not everybody who drinks a lot of alcohol gets withdrawal symptoms when they stop. No one knows why some people get withdrawal symptoms and others do not.

About half of people with alcoholism will get withdrawal symptoms if they drink less than usual. About 5% to 20% of patients withdrawing from alcohol will get the most dangerous form of alcohol withdrawal: delirium tremens. About 1/3 (one out of three) people who have withdrawal seizures will get delirium tremens.

Symptoms of alcohol withdrawal are mostly caused by a central nervous system that is over-excited and working too hard.

Everybody has a different set of withdrawal symptoms. Some people have only mild symptoms, like being unable to sleep or feeling anxious. Other people have very bad, life-threatening symptoms, like delirium, hallucinations, very high blood pressures, and very high fevers.

Withdrawal usually begins 6 to 24 hours after a person takes their last drink. Acute withdrawal can last for up to one week.

To be diagnosed with alcohol withdrawal syndrome, patients must have at least two of these symptoms:.

Many things affect how bad alcohol withdrawal symptoms can be. The most important things are: 

Symptoms are also grouped together and put into categories based on how bad they are:

Every person goes through alcohol withdrawal differently. Even the worst of alcohol withdrawal symptoms can happen as soon as 2 hours after a person stops drinking. Because of this, it is best to talk to a doctor, go into the hospital, or get treatment before a person stops drinking alcohol. In many people, however, symptoms usually happen in this order:

"Six to 12 hours after the last drink:"

"Twelve to 24 hours after the last drink:"

"24 to 48 hours after the last drink:"

"48 hours after the last drink:"<BR>
Usually, people will start to feel better after 48 hours. But sometimes, after 48 hours, alcohol withdrawal can still get worse and turn into delirium tremens. Delirium tremens can last anywhere from 4 to 12 days.

Acute alcohol withdrawal usually lasts only a week. But many alcoholics have what is called Post-Acute Withdrawal Syndrome (PAWS) (also called "protracted alcohol withdrawal syndrome). This means that some withdrawal symptoms continue beyond the acute withdrawal stage. Some withdrawal symptoms can last for at least a year after a person stops drinking.

Symptoms of post-acute withdrawal syndrome (PAWS) can include:

Insomnia is also a common symptom of PAWS. It often keeps happening after acute (immediate) alcohol withdrawal. Research has showed that people with insomnia are more likely to relapse (start using alcohol again). Studies have found that magnesium or trazodone can help treat insomnia in recovering alcoholics.

For some people, the acute phase of alcohol withdrawal can last longer than usual. Protracted (longer than usual) delirium tremens has been reported in medical research, but is not common.

People with bad alcohol withdrawal symptoms often need to go into a hospital to make sure they are safe while they are withdrawing from alcohol.

Many different medicines can help with the symptoms of alcohol withdrawal:

Benzodiazepines are the most commonly used medication for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal. They can help decrease alcohol withdrawal symptoms and prevent seizures.

The most commonly used benzodiazepines are long-acting (medications whose effects last a long time), like chlordiazepoxide and diazepam (Valium). These seem to be the best medicines for treating delirium, and do not have to be given as often.

Although benzodiazepines work very well at treating alcohol withdrawal, they should be carefully used. Benzodiazepines should only be used for short periods in alcoholics. This is because alcoholics are more likely to get addicted to benzodiazepines. There is a risk of replacing an alcohol addiction with benzodiazepine dependence or adding another addiction. Also, both alcohol and benzodiazepines are depressants. If a person takes both at the same time, they are more likely to get depression or become suicidal.

Alcoholics often do not have enough of certain vitamins in their bodies. One of these important vitamins is thiamine. If a person does not have enough thiamine in their body, they can get serious health problems and even brain damage.

When a person is going through alcohol withdrawal, the most important vitamins are thiamine and folic acid. If an alcoholic who stops drinking does not have enough of these vitamins, they can get Wernicke syndrome, a very serious brain problem. To keep this from happening, people who have stopped drinking alcohol are often given thiamine and folic acid intravenously (through a needle placed into a vein). They may also be given other vitamins. This can help prevent Wernicke syndrome.

Sometimes, anticonvulsant (anti-seizure) medicines are given to try to prevent seizures.

Some evidence says that topiramate (Topamax), carbamazepine (Tegretol), and other anticonvulsants are helpful in treating alcohol withdrawal; however, research is limited.

Other studies have shown that benzodiazepines work just as well as anticonvulsants.

Clonidine may be used along with benzodiazepines to help some of the symptoms of alcohol withdrawal.

Antipsychotic medicines, such as haloperidol, are sometimes used along with benzodiazepines to control agitation or psychosis. However, antipsychotics have to be used carefully. They can make alcohol withdrawal worse, since they make it more likely for a person to have a seizure.

If alcohol withdrawal is not treated correctly, people can die or have permanent brain damage.

Alcoholics often cannot stop drinking alcohol after their withdrawal symptoms are over. Often, they need support for months or years after withdrawal is over.

Pilot Butte, Saskatchewan

Pilot Butte is a town in Saskatchewan, Canada. It has over 2,100 people living in it. Most people live in town but drive into the nearby city Regina to work. The town got its name after the hill (or butte) that it surrounds. Pilot Butte is sometimes known as the "Sand Capital of Canada" because of all of the sand and gravel it has. The Pilot Butte Storm are a junior ice hockey team that play in Pilot Butte.

Basidium

A basidium (plural basidia) is a microscopic type of spore-producing cell found on certain fungi. Most often the basidia are elongated and club shaped. But there is variation in the shape. A basidium usually bears four sexual spores called basidiospores.

Comedic genre

Comedy may be divided into many genres. The genre may depend on the source of humor, how the joke is told, and context.

Cocaine withdrawal

Cocaine withdrawal happens when a person who uses a lot of cocaine stops using cocaine. It can also happen when a person who uses a lot of cocaine starts using less cocaine than they did before.

Cocaine (also called coke) is a powerful stimulant. It is an illegal drug outside of hospital usage. It makes people feel very happy, talkative, energetic, and not want to eat as much food.

Cocaine's most dangerous side effects include:

After using cocaine regularly, some users will become addicted. When a person who is used to using cocaine stops right away, they will go through what is called a "crash" along with many of other cocaine withdrawal symptoms, like:


Some cocaine users also report having similar symptoms to schizophrenia patients and feel that their mind is lost. Some users also report formication: feeling like things are crawling on the skin (also called, "coke bugs" or "spiders"). These symptoms can last for weeks or, in some cases, months.

Even after many withdrawal symptoms go away, most users feel like they need to keep using cocaine. This feeling can last for years and may get worse during times of stress. About 30-40% of cocaine addicts start using other kinds of drugs or alcohol after they stop using cocaine.

"Twelve-step programs" like Cocaine Anonymous (modeled on Alcoholics Anonymous and Narcotics Anonymous) have been widely used to help people addicted to cocaine. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) and Motivational Therapy (MT) have proven to be more helpful than 12-step programs in treating cocaine dependency. However, both of these approaches have a fairly low success rate.

Ibogaine has been researched a treatment for cocaine dependency. It is used in clinics in Mexico, the Netherlands, and Canada, but it cannot be used legally in the United States.

Non-drug treatments like acupuncture and hypnosis have been studied. However, these studies have not clearly shown that acupuncture or hypnosis helps with cocaine withdrawal.

Cocaine addiction continues to be the second-most difficult addiction to manage, behind heroin addiction.

Medications that have been studied to treat cocaine withdrawal include acetylcysteine, baclofen, bupropion, vanoxerine, and vigabatrin.

Kim Janda has been working for years on a vaccination that would treat cocaine use disorders.

The anti-depressant desipramine, and the stimulants methylphenidate and pemoline, have been used to treat cocaine dependence in people who also have a mental illness.

Several drugs have been used to treat cocaine withdrawal and cravings:

Finally, drugs have been used to cause an "aversion reaction" (a very bad reaction) when given with cocaine. The most common of these drugs is phenelzine.

On February 14, 2011, two Swiss psychologists published two years' research on cocaine addiction. They found that addicts who gambled were less likely to use cocaine or to relapse on cocaine. They think gambling may refocus the brain's "reward center" from cocaine to gambling. They said that psychotherapy should be used along with gambling. More research is being done on long-term relapse rates (the number of people who eventually start using cocaine again).

However, a more recent study looked at prize-based contingency management: a treatment method that offers addicts chances to win prizes if they do not use cocaine. This study found that prize-based contingency management helped cocaine addicts stay off cocaine, whether or not they had gambled recently. This suggests that it is the chance of a reward, not the gambling itself, that helps cocaine addicts stay off of cocaine.

Naloxone

Naloxone (often called Narcan), is a medication. It is used to reverse the effects of opioid painkillers, especially when a person has overdosed on opioids. Examples of opioids include: 

These painkillers are central nervous system depressants. This means they slow down certain areas of the brain. If a person takes too many opiates, this can shut down the part of the brain that controls breathing. The person may become unable to breathe and die.

When a person has taken too much of one of these painkillers, naloxone can reverse the painkillers' effects and save the person's life.

Naloxone may be mixed into the same pill as an opioid painkiller to decrease the risk of misuse. 

When given intravenously (into a needle placed into a vein), naloxone works within two minutes. When injected into a muscle, it works within five minutes. The medication may also be shot up the nose. 

The effects of naloxone last about half an hour to an hour. Since most opioids last longer than naloxone, a person may need several doses of naloxone to fight the effects of an overdose.

When a person takes opioids, the opioids have to attach to certain receptor sites in the brain in order to work, like a lock in a keyhole. Once the opioids attach to these opiate receptor sites - like a lock fitting into a keyhole - the opiates start to work. They kill pain, create euphoria, and make people feel calm and relaxed. But if a person takes too many opiates, they can also make it impossible to breathe.

Naloxone fits better onto these opiate receptor sites than actual opiates do. If a person takes naloxone, the naloxone will throw any opiate off of the opiate receptor sites (like a key getting taken out of a door). Naloxone will stay attached to these opiate receptor sites. This reverses the effects of the opiates that the person took.

Naloxone reverses the effects of opiates. Because of this, if a person who is addicted to opiates gets naloxone, they will have symptoms of opioid "withdrawal". People have withdrawal symptoms when their body gets used to having opiates all the time.

Because naloxone reverses the effects of opiates, the side effects of naloxone can include restlessness, agitation, nausea, vomiting, a fast heart rate, pain, and sweating. To prevent this, small doses every few minutes can be given until the desired effect is reached. 

Naloxone has to be given carefully to people with heart disease. Naloxone can cause more heart problems, like changes in the rhythm of the heart beat, in these people. 

Naloxone seems to be safe in pregnant women. Naloxone is a pure opioid antagonist. 

In rare cases, naloxone causes seizures and pulmonary edema (fluid in the lungs).

Naloxone was patented in 1961 by Jack Fishman, Mozes J. Lewenstein, and the company Daiichi Sankyo. The drug was approved for opioid overdose by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1971. It is on the World Health Organization's Model List of Essential Medicines, the most important medications needed in a basic health system. 

Naloxone is available as a generic medication and is not very expensive. Its wholesale price is between $0.50 and $5.30 USD per dose.

Naloxone can be used to reverse opioid overdose and to reduce the slowed breathing or mental depression that opioids can cause.

Naloxone is included as a part of emergency overdose response kits distributed to heroin and other opioid drug users. This has been shown to reduce deaths due to overdose. 

A prescription for naloxone is recommended if a person is:

If naloxone is prescribed to a person, that person should also be taught about how to prevent, identify, and react to an overdose, including how to perform rescue breathing, CPR, and how to call an emergency telephone number like 9-1-1.

Naloxone may be mixed with a number of opioids like buprenorphine. (Buprenorphine mixed with naloxone is called Suboxone.) Buprenorphine is used to decrease cravings for opiates. When buprenorphine and naloxone are mixed, and taken by mouth, only buprenorphine has an effect. But if a person misuses Suboxone by injecting it or taking large doses, the naloxone blocks the effect of the opioid. This combination is used to try to prevent abuse.

Pulmonary edema

