Pulmonary edema (pulmonary oedema in British English) is fluid in the lungs ("Pulmonary" means "lungs"; "edema" means "swelling" or "fluid"). Normally, the lungs fill with air when a person breathes in. From the alveoli in the lungs, oxygen goes into the blood. The blood then carries oxygen to the entire body. Every part of the body needs oxygen to survive.

When a person has fluid in their lungs (pulmonary edema), there is not enough space left for air to get into the lungs. The person will not be able to breathe in as much air. This means not as much oxygen will get into the blood, and the body will not get the oxygen it needs.

The most common cause of pulmonary edema is heart failure on the left side of the heart. The left side of the heart is supposed to pump blood to the entire body. If the left side of the heart is too weak to do this, blood will back up into the lungs. This is called "cardiogenic pulmonary edema". ("Cardiogenic" means "caused by the heart.")

Other, "non-cardiogenic" causes of pulmonary edema include:

Symptoms of pulmonary edema may include:

Flash pulmonary edema is a medical emergency. It is pulmonary edema that comes on very quickly. Usually pulmonary edema takes a few hours to develop. But in the worst cases of flash pulmonary edema, a person's lungs can fill completely with fluid in minutes. Flash pulmonary edema can also be caused by moving a person with pulmonary edema, or lying them down.

No matter what the cause is, pulmonary edema can be treated by:

Other treatments can focus on the cause of the pulmonary edema. For example, if a person with kidney failure has had too much salt or fluid, they can have dialysis to take away the extra fluid and salt.

Armand Hammer United World College of the American West

Armand Hammer United World College of the American West (UWC-USA) is an independent boarding school for students in high school in Montezuma, New Mexico, USA. UWC-USA was opened in 1982. Classes take place in a historic hotel and students live in buildings nearby. It is branch of an international school called United World College. UWC-USA is a high school that focuses on active learning and a worldwide community. People from all over the world study at this college. There are 200 students at the school in grades 11 and 12. 



Serekh

A serekh was an important type of heraldic crest used in Ancient Egypt.
Serekhs, particularly those found throughout Egyptian history, are typically composed of three components: a recessed or niched façade, the king’s name inscribed in a panel, and a falcon. While both the façade and name depictions are consistent in history, during a portion of Egyptian history there appears variety among the animal incarnation specified. This can be seen by the falcon being presented singularly, joined alongside a Seth chimera, completely replaced by the Seth, or absent of both. Prominent examples include the mid-Dynasty II’s ruler Peribsen whose serekh exclusively displays the Seth animal and his predecessor, Khasekhemwy, whose serekh joins both falcon and Seth animal. 

Dissecting these components, it appears each element serves a purpose in its iconography of kingship. The recessed or niched façade, which appears at the bottom of the serekh, is often considered associated with the king’s ownership of large building such as a palace or tomb. This rendition would serve both to certify the king’s authority but also to acknowledge his possession of wealth. The panel, which exists between the niched façade and the falcon, is observed as the space where the king’s name is written. It’s underlying purpose is often debated, however, some claim it to be an allusion to early architectural elements such as the in many pharaonic tombs. On top of this panel, as stated earlier, is often a falcon denoting the god Horus. Horus’s presence in the serekh suggests the name inscribed in the panel as being the king’s Horus name, but the god’s association with kingship often lends credibility to the monarch. Both the Seth and Horus animals can be shown wearing a red, white, or double crown of Egypt and in some instances, appear in control of weapons. Such personification indicates the larger role played by the serekh, and potentially the use of the animal god as a representation of the king. The king himself would often be known to contain or exemplify the ‘Ka’ of Horus, which was the internal spirit that was later removed following the kings death and transitioned to fill that of the succeeding king. This retention of a godly spirit would be then be used as the deciding testament for the kings right to the throne. This relationship between the king’s Ka and the Horus god in royal serekh’s can be traced to many of the earliest texts and coalesce with the development of early writing. Until Dynasty IV, serekhs served as the only means for royal identification and later become secondary to the cartouche. 

The name depicted in the panel is denoted as the king’s Horus name- in the case that the Horus animal is depicted- and is a tribute to the belief that kings were considered son of the god Osiris and therefore a semi-divine earthly representation of Horus. This name, which is one of five great names, is further argued to be the king’s Ka name. The characterization of the Horus falcon also provides a means of dating serekhs and further identifying their owner. For instance, Horus's represented in crouching positions is a distinguishing trademark of Dynasty 0 and First Dynasty serekhs. Additionally, the presence of a concave top below the Horus symbol, rather than straight, suggests a date no later than the reign of king Aha. After Dynasty 2, the previously broad falcon tail is also redesigned to become more narrow and straight. 

The word "serekh" comes from the Egyptian word for "facade". There are many different serekhs on different types of objects. Many different decorations and details of the facade are shown in many different examples. It seems that there were no strict rules for the design of the serekh.

A serekh was normally used as a royal crest, showing the name of the pharaoh. They have been found as far back as the predynastic Naqada II (Gerzean) period (ca. 3400 BC.). The hieroglyphs forming the king's name were placed inside a rectangular area above the serekh. From the Old Kingdom period onward, the word serekh appears in old papyri.

A serekh was not only important in validating the authority of the king during his time of rule, but it subsequently allowed fallen kings to maintain a legacy long after death. In the time of ancient Egypt this was especially important as the adoption of a name signified the beginning of one’s existence. This connection between name and existence was so well established that often it was not uncommon for the serekh of a royal to stand in his place. This is captured by the many serekhs exhibiting arms and hands attached to either the falcon animal or the panel element wielding weapons or holding captives. This personification of serekhs suggests an active participance in its surroundings and therefore its role as embodiment of the inscribed king. This anthropomorphizing of glyphs and symbolic images, such as the catfish glyph on an ivory cylinder of Narmer which epitomizes the duality of function, continues throughout Egyptian history and can be seen in a variety of contexts. It is seen most noticeably in the serekh's of king Aha where the falcon god Horus yields a weapon within the confines of the serekh.

Given the predominant usage of serekhs in the identification of kingship, especially preceding Dynasty IV, the presence of such also serve to demonstrate Egyptian presence in foreign areas. Inscribed serekhs into natural stone sites provide compelling evidence of travel or expansion of Egyptian populations into such areas. 

Serekh’s appear on a variety of surface throughout history, progressing alongside the material industry current at the time. Most noticeably appearing on statues and landmarks, they also sit on the likes of many less elaborate medium such as rock or pots. These less precious materials, however, simultaneously exhibit reduced precision and detail of incised serekhs compared to those on more esteemed material such as alabaster. Additionally, names included within serekhs are often short-handed on pottery vessels. Frequently in rock art, such as on stone massifs, serekhs are accompanied by other pictorial hieroglyphs or artistic scenes. The style of artwork placed alongside the serekhs also serves to help date illegible or damaged components. 

Dwight Gayle

Dwight Devon Boyd Gayle (born 17 October 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Sky Bet League One club Derby County.

Stansted

Crystal Palace

Newcastle United

Individual


Tuskegee syphilis experiment

The Tuskegee Syphilis Experiment (/tʌsˈkiːɡiː/) was a clinical study. The study was done between 1932 and 1972 by the United States Public Health Service. Its goal was to study how syphilis progressed (got worse) if it was not treated. The study's subjects (the people who were being studied) were poor African American sharecroppers. They were told that they were receiving free health care from the U.S. government.

This experiment is infamous because none of the men being studied were told that they had syphilis. Even after the 1940s, when doctors realized that penicillin could cure syphilis, the men were not given this cure, or any other treatment. The men were not told that they were not getting real treatment, or that a cure was available. This study raised many important questions about medical ethics.

In the 1930s, when the study started, syphilis was a very serious health problem in the United States. In fact, syphilis had been a serious health problem throughout all of history. Syphilis gets worse over time. It can be very painful. If it is not treated, it causes brain damage and death. In the 1930s, there was no cure for syphilis. The treatments that were used did not work well and some were poisonous. Doctors did not understand syphilis. Because of this they did not have any way to help people with the disease.

There had been very few studies done on how syphilis affected people. One study was done in Norway in 1928, but it studied only white men. In the 1930s, people believed that syphilis affected people of different races in different ways. Doctors thought that African Americans' cardiovascular system was more affected by syphilis than the central nervous system. The Tuskegee study group decided to study how syphilis affected African Americans. They reasoned that they could not cure or treat people with syphilis anyway, and that they would learn things that would help doctors understand syphilis better.

The Public Health Service started working on the Tuskegee syphilis experiment in 1932 during the Great Depression. Tuskegee University, a college in Alabama that was open to African-American students, also helped with the study. They helped because they thought the study would improve public health for poor people in the area.

For the study, researchers signed up a total of 600 African American men from Macon County, Alabama. A total of 399 of these men had syphilis before the study began. The remaining 201 did not have syphilis. (In research, this healthy group is called a "control group"). Researchers wanted to compare the difference between people with and without syphilis. The men were given free health care, meals, and free burial insurance for being in the study.

The researchers' original goal was to study the effects of syphilis for just six months. At first, they studied the men in the experiment for six to eight months. They were then given the only treatments that were known at the time. These included arsphenamine (which is now used as a chemotherapy), ointments made of mercury and bismuth. These treatments were all very poisonous. Some treatments helped a little while others made things worse.

The Tuskegee study received money to treat the men in the study from the Rosenwald Fund. This was a major organization from Chicago whose purpose was philanthropy. Specifically, they supported improving black education and developing communities in the South.

In 1928, the Rosenwald Fund had worked with Public Health Services in a study of over 2,000 black workers in Mississippi's Delta Pine and Land Company. The study's goal was to see how common syphilis was in this group. The Rosenwald Fund helped provide treatment for 25% of the workers who had tested positive for syphilis. However, in 1929, the Stock Market Crash happened. The Great Depression also began. The Rosenwald Fund said they could no longer pay for medicine to treat the Tuskegee men.
After funding (money) for treatment was lost, the study was continued. The study's subjects were never told that they would never get treatment. In fact, the men were told they were being treated for "bad blood." "Bad blood" was a local word that people used to describe different diseases, including syphilis, anemia, and fatigue.

Researchers started using tricks and lying to the men in the study, without caring about medical ethics or the men's rights. For example, researchers wanted to do lumbar punctures ("spinal taps") on the men to measure the effects of syphilis. These spinal taps were dangerous and very painful. To make sure that the men would come get the spinal taps, the researchers sent all 400 subjects a letter titled "Last Chance for Special Free Treatment." This was a lie; the spinal taps were not treatment.

All of the study's participants also had to have an autopsy after death in order to receive funeral benefits (money given to their families to pay for a funeral).

After penicillin was discovered as a cure in the 1940s, researchers did not give penicillin to any study participants. They also did not tell any of the participants about penicillin. Many patients were lied to and given placebo treatments so that researchers could keep studying how syphilis affected the men. The researchers did this even though they knew that without treatment, the syphilis would eventually kill the men.

During World War II, 250 of the Tuskegee men registered for the draft. These men were given medical exams by the military, and were diagnosed as having syphilis. They were ordered to get treatment for syphilis before they could be taken into the military. But the Tuskegee study's researchers tried to keep these men from getting treatment. A Public Health Service worker was quoted at the time saying: "So far, we are keeping the known positive patients [the men with syphilis] from getting treatment."

By 1947, penicillin had become the normal treatment for syphilis. It was not just a treatment, but a cure. The United States government created several public health programs to help people get the cure. The government formed "rapid treatment centers" where people could go for penicillin. The governments goal was to eradicate syphilis (to make it not exist any more). But when these programs came to Macon County, study researchers kept the Tuskegee men from participating.

The study continued until 1972, when Peter Buxton, who also worked for the Public Health Service, gave information about the experiment to a reporter. This caused the study to end, on November 16, 1972. By that time, all of the Tuskegee men with syphilis had gotten no real treatment for 40 years.

By the end of the study in 1972, only 74 of the test subjects were alive. Of the original 399 men, 28 had died of syphilis. Another 100 were dead of related complications. A total of 40 of their wives had been infected and 19 of their children were born with congenital syphilis.


2015–16 UEFA Champions League

The 2015-16 UEFA Champions League was the 61st season of Europe's premier club football tournament organised by UEFA. It is the 24th season since it was renamed from the European Champion Clubs' Cup to the UEFA Champions League.

The was played at the San Siro in Milan, Italy. Barcelona were the defending champions but Real Madrid won the tournament in penalties over Atlético Madrid.

16 goals

9 goals

8 goals
7 goals
6 goals

5 goals

4 goals

3 goals

2 goals

1 goal

Own goals

Howard Davis Jr.

Howard Edward Davis, Jr. (February 14, 1956 – December 30, 2015) was an American amateur and professional boxer. He was born in Glen Cove, New York, but raised in Long Island, New York.

After being inspired by a movie about Muhammad Ali, Davis began his amateur career in boxing. He won the 1976 Olympic gold medal one week after his mother died. He was also awarded the "Val Barker Trophy at the Olympics.

He became professional after the Olympics and went on to a professional record of 36–6–1 with 14 knockouts. He retired in 1996. After retirement he became a trainer. Eventually he worked as boxing director at American Top Team in Coconut Creek, Florida, where he trained both amateur and professional boxers and MMA fighters. He was also a motivational speaker and a musician.

Davis, Jr. died on December 30, 2015 from lung cancer in Plantation, Florida at the age of 59.

Ian Murdock

Ian Murdock (28April 1973 – 28December 2015) was a German-born American software engineer. He was known for being the founder of the Debian project and Progeny Linux Systems, a commercial Linux company. He was born in Konstanz, Germany.

Murdock died on 28 December 2015 from unknown causes in San Francisco, California at the age of 42. Details surrounding his death have not been released. The last tweets at his Twitter account described violent encounters with police. It was reported that he declared an intention to commit suicide over Twitter, but there is as of now no public record of such a tweet. It was reported that police officer found Murdock drunk and that he did not appear suicidal.


Lester Piggott

Lester Keith Piggott (5 November 1935 – 29 May 2022) was an English professional jockey. With 4,493 career wins, including nine Epsom Derby victories, he was seen as one of the greatest flat racing jockeys of all time.

He was known as "The Long Fellow". He was known for his competitive personality, keeping himself thirty pounds under his natural weight, and on occasion not sparing the whip on horses such as Nijinsky. Piggott regarded Sir Ivor as the easiest to ride of the great winners.

Piggott died in hospital in Switzerland on 29 May 2022 at the age of 86.

Murray Walker

Graeme Murray Walker (10 October 1923 – 13 March 2021), known as Murray Walker, was an English Formula One motorsport commentator and journalist. For most of his career he worked for the BBC, but when it lost the contract for Formula One coverage to ITV, he continued commentating after the change of broadcaster.

Walker was born Graeme Murray Walker in Hall Green, Birmingham, Warwickshire on 10 October 1923.

Walker was diagnosed with lymphoma in 2013. He died on 13 March 2021 in Fordingbridge, Hampshire at aged 97.


Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol

The Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (often called CIWA or CIWA-Ar (an updated version)), is a scale used to measure alcohol withdrawal symptoms. The scale lists ten common symptoms of alcohol withdrawal. Based on how bad a person's symptoms are, each of these is assigned a number. All ten numbers are added up to make one final score. The highest possible score is 67. Higher scores are a sign of more severe alcohol withdrawal:

The CIWA is used not just to measure how bad withdrawal symptoms are, but also to guide decisions about what treatments to give, like when to give benzodiazepines.

The CIWA measures ten of the most common signs and symptoms of alcohol withdrawal:

The CIWA scale is validated, which means it is proven to measure what it means to measure - alcohol withdrawal symptoms. It also has high inter-rater reliability. This means that if more than one medical professional used the CIWA on the same patient, they would get very similar results. Validation and inter-rater reliability are signs of good, accurate tests. 

Studies have shown that when the CIWA scale is used to guide treatment:



Sandy Gall

Henderson Alexander "Sandy" Gall, CMG, CBE (born 1 October 1927), is a Scottish journalist, author, and former ITN news presenter. His career as a journalist has lasted more than 50 years.

Gall was born in Penang, Malaysia. He studied at the Aberdeen University.


Doug Ellis

Sir Herbert Douglas "Doug" Ellis, OBE (3 January 1924 – 11 October 2018), was an English entrepreneur. He was known as the former chairman of Aston Villa Football Club. Ellis was knighted in the 2012 New Year Honours for charitable services.

Ellis died on 11 October 2018 at the age of 94.

Prunella Scales

Prunella Scales (born Prunella Margaret Rumney Illingworth; 22 June 1932) is an English actress. She is best known for her role as Basil Fawlty's wife Sybil in the BBC comedy "Fawlty Towers" and her BAFTA award-nominated role as Queen Elizabeth II in "A Question of Attribution" ("Screen One", BBC 1991) by Alan Bennett.

In March 2014, her husband Timothy West revealed to "The Guardian" that Scales was living with Alzheimer's disease.


John Noakes

John Noakes (6 March 1934 – 28 May 2017) was a British television presenter and personality. He was best known for co-presenting the BBC children's magazine programme "Blue Peter" in the 1960s and 1970s. He remains the show's longest-serving presenter for a total of 12 years.

Noakes was born in Halifax, West Yorkshire. He studied at the Rishworth School. 

On 30 June 2015, Noakes was reported missing from his home in Andratx, Majorca. His wife issued the alert to local police, who confirmed that Noakes had a diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease and had been living with the condition for some years. He was found the same day close to his home and taken to hospital, having fallen into some long grass "in the bottom of a storm drain".

Noakes died on 28 May 2017 at his home in Andratx, Majorca, Spain from complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 83.


Farm Sanctuary

Farm Sanctuary is an animal protection organization founded in 1986 by Gene Baur and Lorri Houston. It is the leading shelter for farm animals in the United States. Farm Sanctuary not only provides shelter to injured or endangered farm animals but also supports animal rights. The organization has a history of fighting laws that help the factory farming industry. Farm Sanctuary currently owns and operates three animal shelters in these cities: Watkins Glen, New York, Los Angeles, California and Orland, California. Combined, these locations house over 1000 farm animals, including chickens, cows, sheep, goats, pigs, ducks, rabbits, and geese. Various books about Farm Sanctuary have been written by co-founder Gene Baur. These include "Farm Sanctuary: Changing Hearts and Minds About Animals and Food" and "Living the Farm Sanctuary Life: The Ultimate Guide to Eating Mindfully, Living Longer, and Feeling Better Every Day". Both of these books reached bestseller lists and have received national attention.


Marvin Panch

Marvin Panch (May 28, 1926 – December 31, 2015) was an American stock car racing driver. Panch won the 1961 Daytona 500. He also won seventeen NASCAR Grand National - now Sprint Cup Series - events during a 17-year career. He was born in Menomonie, Wisconsin.

Panch died of natural causes after he was found in his car in Port Orange, Florida at the age of 89.


Brian Johns (businessman)

Brian Francis Johns (6 May 1936 – 1 January 2016) was an Australian company director and journalist. He was the managing director of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) from 1995 to 2000. Johns was born in Gordonvale, Queensland, Australia.

Johns died on 1 January 2016 in a hospital in Sydney, Australia after battling cancer at the age of 79.

Carolingian dynasty

The Carolingian dynasty was a Frankish noble family who ruled over a large part of western Europe from 751 to 987. They were a line of mayors, kings, and princes who succeeded the Merovingian dynasty. The most famous member of the family was Charlemagne. The dynasty was named after Charlemagne's grandfather, Charles Martel. He was a Mayor of the Palace of Austrasia and Neustria. The mayors of the palace were the real power behind the throne. 

Charles Martel (meaning "the hammer") left his wealth and power to his two sons, Pepin III and Carloman. In 771 Carloman died leaving his half to Pepin who became Mayor of the Palace. When the last of the Merovingian kings, Childeric III, was deposed by the Pope in Rome, Pepin was made king of the Franks. Pope Stephen III traveled to France and placed the crown on his head. Pepin left the kingdom to his two sons, Charles and Carloman.

Charles and his brother shared the kingdom for some time. Carloman then traveled to Rome and became a monk. Charles became the sole king. He then earned his name "Charles the Great" (Charlemagne) by defeating the Lombards, the Saxons, and the Avars. In 800 Charlemagne was crowned Holy Roman Emperor by Pope Leo III. The dynasty was passed down to his son, Louis the Pious and to his grandsons. By the time Louis inherited the kingdom the Carolingian Empire had already started to decline. By the end of the 9th century it came to an end. With the collapse of the empire the dynasty came to an end.

Pierre-Marie Rudelle

Pierre-Marie Rudelle (18 June 1932 – 28 December 2015) was a French trompe-l'œil painter. He painted First Lady of the United States Jacqueline Kennedy a pair of doors in her dressing room in the White House. He also worked for Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and Pamela Harriman. He was born in Paris.

Rudelle died on 28 December 2015 in Paris, aged 83.

Gabriel Tambon

Gabriel Tambon (23 March 1930 – 27 December 2015) was a French politician for the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP). He served as the Mayor of Le Castellet, Var from 1965 until his death. He was born in Castellet, Vaucluse.

Tambon died on 27 December 2015 at the age of 85.

Åge Nordkild

Åge Nordkild (19 September 1951 – 28 December 2015) was a Norwegian Sámi politician. He was a member of the Norwegian Sami Association. He held many places in the Sami Parliament from 2001 to 2005 and 2009 to 2013. He was born in Narvik.

Nordkild died on 28 December 2015 at the age of 64.

Fred Tuttle

Frederick Herman "Fred" Tuttle (July 18, 1919 – October 4, 2003) was an American dairy farmer, actor and 1998 candidate for the U.S. Senate from the state of Vermont for the Republican Party. He was born in Tunbridge, Vermont. He appeared in movies such as "Nosey Parker" and "Man with a Plan".

Tuttle ran against senator Patrick Leahy in the Vermont senate elections. He lost in a landslide to Leahy. Tuttle was described by Senator Leahy as "the distilled essence of Vermonthood". He was thought by many to be an example of the "everyman".

Tuttle died of a heart attack in his farm in Tunbridge, Vermont at the age of 84.

Bob Richards

Robert Eugene "Bob" Richards (February 20, 1926 – February 26, 2023), nicknamed the "Vaulting Vicar" or the "Pole Vaulting Parson" in his competitive days, was an American athlete who was known for pole vaulting in the Olympics. He competed in the 1948 (where he won a bronze medal), 1952 (gold medal), and 1956 Summer Olympics (gold medal) as a pole vaulter, and as a decathlete in 1956.

In the 1984 United States presidential election, Richards ran for President of the United States on the far-right, white nationalist Populist Party ticket.

Richards was born in Champaign, Illinois. He studied at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. Richards died on February 26, 2023, a few days after his 97th birthday.

Barbara Byrd-Bennett

Barbara Byrd–Bennett (born April 12, 1951) is an American educator. 

Byrd–Bennett was the Chief Executive officer of the Chicago Public Schools district and the Cleveland Municipal School District. Byrd–Bennett served as CEO of the Cleveland Municipal School District from 1998 to 2006. From 2009 to 2011, she was the academic and accountability officer for the Detroit Public Schools system. She was hired as the Chicago Public Schools' chief education advisor in April 2012 and then named CEO by Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel six months later. 

She resigned from CPS in 2015 amid a bribery investigation, which led to her pleading guilty to multiple charges. She could go to jail for 7 and a half years.

Forrest Claypool

Forrest Claypool (born 1958 in Vandalia, Illinois) is an American politician. He was the superintendent of the Chicago Public Schools system serving from the resignation of Barbara Byrd-Bennett in June 2015 until his own resignation in December 2017.

Before becoming superintendent, Claypool has held several positions in the governments of Chicago, Cook County, and the State of Illinois. He was the Democratic member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners, Chief of Staff to Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, and President of the Chicago Transit Authority.

In 2007–2008, Claypool served as a key member of Barack Obama campaign's media team, in his capacity as a longtime partner of David Axelrod.

David Axelrod

David M. Axelrod (born February 22, 1955) is an American political operative and analyst. He is best known as the Chief Strategist for Barack Obama's presidential campaigns. After Obama's election, Axelrod was appointed as Senior Advisor to the President. Axelrod left the White House position in early 2011 and became the Senior Strategist for Obama's successful re-election campaign in 2012.

He now serves as the director of the non-partisan Institute of Politics at the University of Chicago and is a Senior Political Commentator for CNN. In April 2014 it emerged that Axelrod had been appointed senior strategic adviser to the British Labour Party to assist party leader Ed Miliband in the run-up to the 2015 general election.


Roslyn, New York

Roslyn ( ) is a village in Nassau County, New York, on the North Shore of Long Island. As of the United States 2020 Census, the village population was 2,988. Roslyn was once called Hempstead Harbor, but its name changed to Roslyn on September 7, 1844.


Erik De Vlaeminck

Erik De Vlaeminck (23 March 1945 – 4 December 2015) was a Belgian cyclist. He was a recording-winning cyclo-cross world-champion seven times (in 1966, 1968, 1969, 1970, 1971, 1972, 1973). He was born in Eeklo. He was the brother of Roger De Vlaeminck.

Later in life, De Vlaeminck had Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease. He died in Eeklo on 4 December 2015, aged 70.


Carrier's constraint

Carrier's constraint is an observation about air-breathing vertebrates which flex their bodies sideways when moving. They find it very difficult to move and breathe at the same time. The sideways flexing expands one lung and compresses the other, shunting stale air from lung to lung instead of expelling it completely to make room for fresh air.

It was named, by English paleontologist Richard Cowen, after David R. Carrier, who wrote his observations on the problem in 1987.

Many amphibia and reptiles can and do move very fast over short distances. They do it by moving without breathing, which builds up an "oxygen debt". Humans sometimes do this when running very quickly. 100-metre sprinters do not breathe during a race. They collapse and recover afterwards. Many reptiles and amphibians are ambush predators, which fits that kind of life quite well. There is no reptile or amphibian equivalent to dogs or deer, with their huge capacity for running long distances. 

There are, however, some reptiles which get round the Carrier constraint. Snakes, for example have only one lung. And, of course, dinosaurs were bipedal to start with, and most groups stayed bipedal to the end. Lizards run in short bursts with brief pauses. Carrier was able to show that they breathed in the pauses.

2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A

The 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A (officially the Brasileirão Chevrolet 2015 for sponsorship reasons) was the 59th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top-level of professional football in Brazil. After winning twice in a row in the 2013 and 2014 seasons, Cruzeiro came in defending their title as the Brazilian football champions. Corinthians won the title.

 


-->
Islamabad United

Islamabad United () is one of the six teams which plays in the Pakistan Super League (PSL). The team represents the city of Islamabad and was founded in 2015. It is owned by Ali Naqvi and Amna Naqvi (Leonine Global Sports). Misbah-ul-Haq is the captain of Islamabad United, while the head coach is Dean Jones.

Karachi Kings

Karachi Kings (; ) is one of the six teams which plays in the Pakistan Super League (PSL). The team represents the city of Karachi and was founded in 2015. It is owned by the Salman Iqbal (ARY Group). Imad Wasim is the captain of Karachi Kings, while the head coach is Mickey Arthur.


Lahore Qalandars

Lahore Qalandars (; ; abbreviated as LQ) is one of the six teams which plays in the Pakistan Super League (PSL). The team represents the city of Lahore and was founded in 2015. It is owned by Fawad Rana (Qatar Lubricants Company Limited (QALCO)). Brendon McCullum is the captain of Lahore Qalandars, while the head coach is Aqib Javed.


Peshawar Zalmi

Peshawar Zalmi (; ) is one of the six teams which plays in the Pakistan Super League (PSL). The team represents the city of Peshawar and was founded in 2015. Zalmi in the name means Youth. It is owned by Javed Afridi (Haier Pakistan). Darren Sammy is the captain of Peshawar Zalmi, while the head coach is Mohammad Akram.


Quetta Gladiators

Quetta Gladiators () is one of the six teams which plays in the Pakistan Super League (PSL). The team represents the city of Quetta and was founded in 2015. It is owned by Nadeem Omar (Omar Associates). Sarfaraz Ahmed is the captain of Quetta Gladiators, while the head coach is Moin Khan.

Gisella Perl

Gisella Perl (10 December 1907 – 16 December 1988) was a Jewish gynecologist who lived in Romania until 1944. In 1944, World War II was happening, and the Nazis illegally invaded a part of Romania through Hungary. The Nazis deported all of the Jewish people in the area and sent them to concentration camps.

Perl was born December 10, 1907, in the town of Sighetu Marmaţiei in Romania (called Transylvania at the time). At age 16, she graduated first in her high school class; she was the only woman and the only Jew in the class. She wanted to be a doctor, but at first her father would not let her. Later she told the "New York Times":
"[My father said] 'I do not want my daughter to lose her faith and break away from Judaism.' ... Several months later, she approached him again, this time with a prayer book he had given her, and said, 'I swear on this book that wherever life will take me, under whatever circumstances, I shall always remain a good, true Jew.' Maurice Perl relented, and she enrolled in medical school. Years later, on the day she was paid a fee by her first patient, she bought another prayer book and had engraved on it her father's name. ...

Her father carried that book into the crematorium in Auschwitz."

After the Nazis invaded Romania, Dr. Perl and her family were sent to Auschwitz concentration camp. There, Dr. Perl's husband, only son, parents, and extended family were all killed by the Nazis. Dr. Perl was allowed to live because she was a doctor. She was given the job of working as a doctor in the camp. Diseases (like all kinds of infections), injuries, malnutrition, and many other problems were very common among the inmates. This was because of horrible living conditions at the camps, where inmates were beaten, not given enough food, not given clean water or toilets, were forced to work very hard, and had to live so close together that diseases spread very quickly. Dr. Perl's job was to help these inmates, but she did not have even the most basic medical supplies, like antiseptic, soap, clean cloths for wounds, medicine, or even running water.

Dr. Perl is most famous for saving the lives of hundreds of women by aborting their pregnancies. This saved the women's lives because pregnant women were often beaten and killed, or used by Dr. Josef Mengele for vivisections (which means they were cut open without any anesthesia. In 1982, Dr. Perl recalled:
"The greatest crime in Auschwitz was to be pregnant. ... Dr. Mengele told me that it was my duty to report every pregnant woman to him... He said that they would go to another camp for better nutrition, even for milk. So women began to run directly to him, telling him, 'I am pregnant.' I learned that they were all taken to the research block to be used as guinea pigs [in medical experiments], and then two lives would be thrown into the crematorium. I decided that never again would there be a pregnant woman in Auschwitz."

In January 1945, Russian soldiers were getting close to Auschwitz. The Nazis sent everyone in Auschwitz to another concentration camp called Bergen-Belsen. In April 1945, British soldiers freed the camp. As the soldiers were moving in to free the camp, Dr. Perl was delivering a baby.

After leaving Bergen-Belsen, Dr. Perl found out that both her husband and son had died. She tried to kill herself with poison, and was sent to recover in a convent in France. She stayed there until 1947.

In March 1947, Dr. Perl went to New York City and tried to become an American citizen. Instead of being treated as a victim of the Nazi concentration camps, she was treated as a suspect. She was interrogated and accused of helping the Nazi doctors at Auschwitz carry out human rights abuses. She was finally granted citizenship in 1951.

Dr. Perl began work as a gynecologist in New York's Mount Sinai Hospital, and delivered around 3,000 babies in New York alone. She became an expert in infertility treatment, helping couples who were having trouble getting pregnant.

In June 1948, Gisella Perl published her story, called "I was a Doctor in Auschwitz". In the book, she talks about the horrors she saw there as an inmate doctor. The book includes Perl's descriptions of Joseph Mengele's experiments; of how she tried to save as many inmates as possible; and how the Nazi doctors would order operations on young women's breasts without anesthetics, because the warden, Irma Grese, liked watching them suffer.

Dr. Perl was later reunited with her daughter, Gabriella Krauss Blattman, whom she managed to hide during the war. They both moved to live in Herzliya, Israel. Perl died in Israel in 1988. She was the sole author or coauthor of nine papers on vaginal infections published between 1955 and 1972.

In 2003, a film entitled "Out of the Ashes" was released. It was based upon the story of Dr. Perl's life, and starred Christine Lahti as Dr. Perl.



Dal Richards

Dallas Murray "Dal" Richards, CM, OBC (5 January 1918 - 31 December 2015) was a Canadian big band leader. 

Richards led his band for many years in a weekly CBC Radio show broadcast nationally from the Panorama Roof Ballroom of the Hotel Vancouver. , Richards also hosts a weekly one-hour show on radio station CISL. Richards is commonly thought to be the lyricist of "Roar You Lions Roar", the fight song of the BC Lions football club set to the music of "I Love the Sunshine of Your Smile".

Mike Oxley

Michael Garver "Mike" Oxley (February 11, 1944 – January 1, 2016) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican party. He served as a U.S. representative from the 4th congressional district of Ohio. He was born in Findlay, Ohio.

Oxley died of lung cancer in McLean, Virginia on January 1, 2016 at the age of 71.


Fazu Aliyeva

Fazu Aliyeva (December 5, 1932, Iasi – January 1, 2016, Makhachkala, Russia) was an Avar speaking-Soviet-born Russian poet, novelist and journalist. She has made a significant role to the development of Dagestani in Russian literature. She is also known for being a human rights activist.

She was awarded two Orders of the "Badge of Honor" and two Orders of Friendship of Peoples, the Order of St. Andrew the Apostle in 2002. She was awarded the Gold Medal of the Soviet Peace Fund and the Jubilee Medal of the World Peace Council, as well as honorary awards in several foreign countries.

Aliyeva was born in the Khunzakhsky District. She died in Makhachkala, Dagestan, Russia on January 1, 2016, from heart failure at the age of 83.


Joseph Brooks

Joseph Brooks, born Joseph Kaplan (March 11, 1938 – May 22, 2011), and also known as Joe Brooks or Joey Brooks, was an American composer, director, producer, and screenwriter. He was born in Manhattan, New York.

He was a known writer of advertising jingles and wrote the hit songs "My Ship Is Comin' In", "If Ever I See You Again", and "You Light Up My Life", he later composed the hit movie of the same name which he also wrote, directed, and produced. He won a Grammy Award, Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for it.

In his later years he became the subject of an investigation after being accused of a series of casting-couch rapes. He was indicted in 2009. On May 22, 2011, before he could be brought to trial, Brooks committed suicide in his Upper East Side, Manhattan home by placing a bag over his head with a hose from a helium tank connected to it. He was 73 years old. On May 23, 2011, the medical examiner ruled that Brooks had committed suicide, citing asphyxia by helium.


John Patrick (dramatist)

John Patrick (May 17, 1905 – November 7, 1995) was an American playwright and screenwriter. He won the Pulitzer Prize for his works in 1954. He was known for his works "The Curious Savage" (1950), "The World of Suzie Wong" (1960), and "The Teahouse of the August Moon" (1953). He was born in Louisville, Kentucky.

Patrick was found dead with a plastic bag over his head at his home in Delray Beach, Florida at the age of 90.


Horton Foote

Albert Horton Foote, Jr. (March 14, 1916 – March 4, 2009) was an American playwright and screenwriter. He was best known for his screenplays for the 1962 movei "To Kill a Mockingbird" and the 1983 movie "Tender Mercies". He was born in Wharton, Texas. He won two Academy Awards (1962, 1983), a Pulitzer Prize (1995) and an Emmy Award (1997).

Foote died of natural causes in Hartford, Connecticut at the age of 92.


When We Were Young (Adele song)

"When We Were Young" is a song by English singer-songwriter Adele from her third studio album, "25". The song is the fourth track on the album. It has reached the top fifteen on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The song reached the top ten in the UK and Canada. It is the second single from "25", after "Hello".

The song is similar to "Hello" because it is influenced by soul music, except "When We Were Young" has a slower tempo. It discusses the theme of youth and remembering the times of one's youth.


Adele first performed the song live on "Adele at the BBC", which was recorded at The London Studios on 2 November 2015 and broadcast on BBC One on 20 November. She performed the song on "Saturday Night Live" on 22 November. Adele also performed the song on "Adele Live in New York City", which was recorded at a one-night-only show at Radio City Music Hall on 17 November and broadcast on NBC on 14 December. A version of the song was filmed live at The Church Studios, where much of "25" was recorded, and released via Vevo. Adele performed "When We Were Young" as the closing song on the 2016 Brit Awards in London. At Glastonbury Festival 2016, Adele performed this song the live for over 135,000 people.

Barbara Rush

Barbara Rush (born January 4, 1927) is an American stage, movie, and television actress. She is known for her roles in "It Came from Outer Space!", "Bigger Than Life", "When Worlds Collide", "The Young Philadelphians", and "Robin and the Seven Hoods". She also appeared on television shows such as "Peyton Place", "Batman", "All My Children", "7th Heaven" and "Knight Rider". She won a Golden Globe Award in 1954.


Tension pneumothorax

A tension pneumothorax is when air builds up inside the chest. So much air builds up that one or both lungs may collapse. This causes serious breathing problems. Also, the air in the chest pushes on the heart and other important parts of the body, and causes other serious problems. If it is not treated quickly, a tension pneumothorax will kill a person.

A tension pneumothorax usually happens because of an injury to the chest. For example, a knife or gunshot wound will cause a hole in a person's chest. Air then gets sucked in through that hole. The air starts to build up. It pushes on the lungs. If the knife or gun has also caused a hole in the person's lung, air will leak out of the lung. That air will also build up in the chest. When enough air is pushing on the lung, the lung will collapse.

A tension pneumothorax can also happen because of other kinds of chest injury, like from a car accident or a fall. When a person gets injured this way, there may not be any hole in his chest. But inside the body, the person may be bleeding badly. Instead of air, blood builds up in the chest. It pushes on the lung and makes it collapse. This is called a "hemothorax".

Once a person's lung collapses, they will have trouble breathing. As air or blood keeps building up in the chest, the person's symptoms will keep getting worse.

The air or blood in the chest will push against and squeeze the heart. This can cause serious problems. If the heart is squeezed too much, it cannot fill with blood very well. This means it does not have enough blood to pump to the rest of the body. Every part of the body needs blood to survive. If the heart cannot pump enough blood to the body, other parts of the body can start to die.

Pressure in the chest can also squeeze the vena cavae, the big veins that bring blood from the body back to the heart. If the vena cavae are squeezed too tightly, blood will not be able to get into the heart. This means the heart will not have enough blood to pump to the lungs or the rest of the body.

If a person bleeds enough into their chest, they can go into shock and die from blood loss.

If enough pressure builds up in the chest, the other lung can collapse, too. If both lungs have collapsed, there will be no way for the person to breathe.

A tension pneumothorax will cause some other symptoms. For example:

A tension pneumothorax always needs emergency medical treatment. If a person may have a tension pneumothorax (or has any bad injury to the chest), 911 or another emergency telephone number should be called right away. The emergency medical dispatcher will be able to explain how to help the person until an ambulance gets there.

Emergency medical technicians (EMTs) or paramedics may give these treatments for a tension pneumothorax:

At the hospital, a patient with a tension pneumothorax will be given a chest tube. This is a tube that is placed into the chest so that air or blood can get out and does not build up inside. If the person has bled a lot into their chest, they may also get blood transfusions.


Raoul Walsh

Raoul A. Walsh (March 11, 1887December 31, 1980) was an American film director and actor. He also founded the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. He was known for playing the part of John Wilkes Booth in the movie "The Birth of a Nation" (1915). He also directed films like "The Big Trail" (1930) starring John Wayne, "High Sierra" (1941) starring Ida Lupino and Humphrey Bogart, and "White Heat" (1949) with James Cagney and Edmond O'Brien.

Walsh died on December 31,1980 and is buried in Ventura County, California.

Joanna Angel

Joanna Angel, born as "Joanna Mostov", (born December 25, 1980) is an American alternative pornographic and mainstream actress, director, writer of adult movies, and former stripper.

Angel was born in Brooklyn, New York to an Orthodox Jewish family. She was raised in River Edge, New Jersey, and studied at Rutgers University.

She became famous for creating an adult dating website called BurningAngel. Following the success of Burning Angel, Angel has been featured in numerous magazines and newspapers, including "The New York Times". She has appeared in over 150 adult movies and has directed over 50 adult movies.

Angel dated fellow porn star James Deen for six years. On December 2, 2015, Angel appeared on The Jason Ellis Show to give more details about her "violent and scary" six-year relationship with Deen. 

Angel is a Democrat. In 2015, she endorsed Bernie Sanders for President of the United States in the upcoming 2016 U.S. presidential election.


Lasse Pöysti

Lasse Erik Pöysti (24 January 1927 – 5 April 2019) was a Finnish actor, director, theatre manager and writer. He has acted both in Finnish and Swedish language.
Pöysti began his career as a child actor. He was known for his role in the movie "Suomisen Perhe" (1941). He also appeared on stage mostly on Strindberg plays "Gustav III" () and "Erik XIV".

He played his last role at theatre stage in Helsinki City Theatre at the age of 85.

From 1952 to 1984, he was married to actress Birgitta Ulfsson.


Flag of New Zealand

The flag of New Zealand was adopted in 1907. It has the Union Flag of the United Kingdom in the upper left quarter, and the Southern Cross on a blue ground. it picks up the country's position as an island in a southern ocean, and its British heritage.

There was a referendum going on to find a replacement flag in 2015. New Zealanders voted to keep the original flag and not change it.

Tove Jansson

Tove Marika Jansson (; 9 August 1914 – 27 June 2001) was a Finnish-born novelist, painter, illustrator and comic strip author. For her contribution as a children's writer she received the Hans Christian Andersen Medal in 1966.

Jansson is best known as the author of the "Moomin" books for children. The first such book, "The Moomins and the Great Flood", appeared in 1945, though it was the next two books, "Comet in Moominland" and "Finn Family Moomintroll", published in 1946 and 1948 respectively, that brought her fame.

Jansson died in Helsinki, Finland from natural causes at the age of 86.


Multiple organ dysfunction syndrome

Multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (MODS), previously known as multiple organ failure (MOF), Total organ failure(TOF) or multisystem organ failure (MSOF), is when the organ function is acutely ill and the patient is requires medical intervention to achieve homeostasis. It usually involves two or more organ systems.

The use of "multiple organ failure" or "multisystem organ failure" should be avoided since that phrase was based upon physiological parameters to determine whether or not a particular organ was failing.

The condition usually results from infection, injury (accident, surgery), hypoperfusion and hypermetabolism. The primary cause triggers an uncontrolled inflammatory response. Sepsis is the most common cause in operative and non-operative patients. Sepsis may result in septic shock.

Four clinical phases have been suggested:


Crested serpent eagle

The crested serpent eagle ("Spilornis cheela") is a medium-sized bird of prey. It is found in forested habitats across tropical Asia. It is found in a wide range across the Indian Subcontinent, Southeast Asia and East Asia. There are a number of variations and some authorities prefer to treat several of its subspecies as completely separate species. In the past, several species including the Philippine serpent eagle ("S. holospila"), Andaman serpent eagle ("S. elgini") and South Nicobar serpent eagle ("S. klossi") were treated as subspecies of the Crested serpent eagle.

All members within the species complex have a large looking head with long feathers on the back of the head giving them a crested appearance. The face is bare and yellow joining up with the beak. Its powerful feet are unfeathered and heavily scaled. They fly over the forest canopy on broad wings and their tails have wide white and black bars. They call often with a loud, piercing and familiar three or two-note call.

This raptor sits motionless from a high perch watching for prey. When prey is found it drops almost straight down to pounce. They often feed on snakes, giving them their name and are placed along with the "Circaetus" snake-eagles in the subfamily "Circaetinae". In addition to snakes it catches reptiles as well as small mammals and birds. It will take a dead snake whenever it finds one. They are often seen soaring over their territory in pairs. In Japan they are usually found very close to forest edges and wet marshlands.

Crested serpent eagles are apex predators and at the top of their food chain. They are a good indicator of the health of the ecosystem they occupy. They control snake populations and also those of other small mammals and reptiles. They are a common sight in places such as India. The species is not globally threatened. On most lists they are of least concern.

Nimr al-Nimr

Nimr Baqr al-Nimr (‎; 1959 – 2 January 2016), better known as Sheikh Nimr, was a Saudi Shia Sheikh and human rights activist. He was a Sheikh from around 2008 until his death. He was one of the best known Shia clerics in Saudi Arabia. In July 2012, he was arrested by Saudi police and shot in the leg. He was put on trial for terrorism charges and sentenced to death in October 2014.

Al-Nimr was born in Al-Awamiyah, Qatif. He studied for about ten years in Tehran, Iran and also studied in Syria.

Al-Nimr was among the prisoners killed by beheading in a mass execution on 2 January 2016. He was 56.

Scale insect

The scale insects are small bugs of the order Hemiptera. They are the superfamily Coccoidea. There are about 8,000 described species of scale insects. They are ectoparasites of plants, like most bugs. They sit on the outside of plants, stick their mouthparts inside, and suck up the plant sap.

Adult female scales usually do not move: they are permanently attached to the plant they have parasitized. They secrete a waxy coating for defence. The coating makes them look like fish scales, hence their common name.

Males and females are quite different form each other. This is sexual dimorphism. Female scale insects keep their juvenile shape even when sexually mature (a condition known as neoteny). Adult males usually have wings (depending on their species) but never feed, and die within a day or two.

The details of their reproductive systems vary greatly between species. Three types of hermaphroditism are known, and at least seven forms of parthenogenesis.

Their young, known as crawlers, lose the use of their legs if they are female, and stay put for life. Only the males keep their legs and use them in seeking females for mating.

Many scale insects are serious crop pests. The waxy covering protects them from contact insecticides. However, scales may be controlled. Horticultural oils suffocate them, and systemic pesticides poison the sap of the host plants. Biological control agents such as tiny parasitoid wasps and Coccinellid beetles also work on them. 
Insecticidal soap may also be used against scales. 

Brihadeshwara Temple

Brihadeshwara is a Hindu temple dedicated to Shiva, also called as Peruvudaiyār Kōvil temple. It is located on the south side of Kaveri river in Thanjavur in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is also known as "Periya Kovil", "amarnath RP Temple" and "Rajarajeswaram". It is one of the largest temples in India. Peruvudaiyaar Kovil is an example of Tamil architecture from the Chola period. It was built by Tamil King Raja Raja Chola I and completed in 1010 AD. The temple turned 1000 years old in 2010. The temple is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site known as the "Great Living Chola Temples", along with Brihadeeswara Temple, Gangaikonda Cholapuram and Airavatesvara temple.

The temple has fortified walls that were probably added in the 16th century. The "vimanam" (temple tower) is high and is the tallest in the world. The "Kumbam" (the apex or the bulbous structure on the top) of the temple is carved out of a single rock and weighs around 80 tons. There is a big statue of Nandi (sacred bull), carved out of a single rock measuring about long and high at the entrance. The entire temple structure is made out of granite.

The nearest sources of which are about 60 km to the west of temple. The temple is one of the most visited tourist attractions in Tamil Nadu. the temple consists of nandi mandapa, a pillared potico and an assembly hall, all interconnected.

A study in Oriental architecture or history is certainly incomplete without a mention of the Tanjore Brihadeeshwara Temple or the Tanjore Periya Kovil (Big Temple).

This imposing structure was built by Raja Raja Cholan and his sister Kundavai, both ardent devotees of Lord Shiva. It was constructed by the King at the height of the Chola reign to signify his power and strength. Here are a few facts not known about this Chola temple of Thanjavur:

a) The original name of the deity was Rajarajeshwar. It was the Marathas who gave it the name Brihadeeshwara or the Great Ishwara.

b) The main temple is entirely built of granite. More than 130,000 tons of granite is said to have been used to build it.

c) A long associated myth with this temple temple is that the shadow of the main structure does not fall on the ground. However, this has been proven wrong by scientists.

d) The statue of Nandi at the entrance of the temple is carved out of a single stone.

e) The main Vimanam, which is at about 200 feet is often called Dakshin Meru or Southern Meru.

f) The inspiration to build the temple came to Raja Raja Cholan during his visit to Sri Lanka and is a result of a dream he had.

g) The temple has a portrait of Raja Raja Cholan paying obeisance to Lord Natarajar. This is undoubtedly, the first ever instance of a royal portrait.

h) Inscriptions in the temple point towards Kunjara Mallan Raja Raja Perunthachan as the chief architect of the temple. His successors survive to this day and practice the art of Vastu or Vastu Shastra.

i) Depictions of nartakis or dancers showing eighty one of hundred and eight karanas (synchronised movements of hands and feet) in Bharata Natyam are carved here. These karanas are a part of karanas mentioned in the Natya Shastra of Bharata Muni or Sage Bharata. There is also evidence that the temple was a platform for talented dancers to showcase their talent. These depictions are first of their kind.

j) The inscriptions also mention the different kinds of jewels used in the period. Each of these jewels are mentioned in detail. A total of twenty three different types of pearls, eleven varieties of diamonds and rubies are mentioned in these inscriptions.

k)The earliest design plan of the temple date back to 921 AD indicating this took multiple generations to complete.

What astounds historians is that there was not a single granite quarry in about 100 km radius of the temple. This means that transporting these stones would have been a herculean task. But Raja Raja Cholan insisted on the use of these stones. All of these features make this Chola temple of Tanjore, a magnum opus of the Chola reign.

Brihadeeswarar temple is one of the few temples that have Ashta-dikpaalakas (Guardians of the directions) idols. Chola frescoes adorn the wall of the temple and these frescoes depict Shiva in different poses. Brihadeeswarar temple is the first complete granite temple in the world. Around 60,000 tons of granite is said to be used to build the temple.

Brihadeeswarar temple, also known as the Tanjore big temple expounds the number of alphabets in Tamil by the distance and height it is designed.

Tamil is a language that has totally 247 Tamil letters which are assorted as

Uyir Ezhuthu(Soul Letters) - 12

Mei Ezhuthu(Body Letters) - 18

Uyir-Mei Ezhuthu(Soul-Body Letters) - 216

Ayutha Ezhuthu - 1

The height of Gopuram is 216 feet = The number of letters in Uyir Mei Ezhuthu(216)

The height of Lord Shiva in the form of Lingam* inside the temple is 12 feet = The number of letters in Uyir Ezhuthu(12)

The height of Sivalinga peedam** is 18 feet = The number of letters in Mei Ezhuthu (18)

The distance between the Sivalingam and the Nandhi is 247 feet = The total number of Tamil letters present that includes Ayutha Ezhuthu(247)

Emlyon Business School

Emlyon Business School is a French business school. It was founded in Lyon, France in 1872. The school also has campuses in Saint-Étienne, France, in Shanghai, China, Bhubaneshwar and Mumbai in India. The newest campus opened in 2015 in Casablanca, Morocco. Emlyon is well-known for its entrepreneurnship academic degrees.

Emlyon is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management. The Financial Times ranked it #14 in Europe.


Aloha (movie)

Aloha is a 2015 American romantic comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Cameron Crowe and it was produced by Cameron Crowe and Scott Rudin. "Aloha" was released on May 29, 2015.
The movie got negative reviews from critics. It has a 20% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. "Aloha" was also a box office bomb and only made $26.3 million from its $37 million budget. "The Hollywood Reporter" estimated that the movies financial losses were close to $65 million by the time the movie ended its run in theatres.

The movie was criticized by Media Action Network for Asian-Americans for "whitewashing" the cast. Director Cameron Crowe said in a response: "I have heard your words and your disappointment, and I offer you a heart-felt apology to all who felt this was an odd or misguided casting choice. As far back as 2007, Captain Allison Ng was written to be a super-proud one quarter Hawaiian who was frustrated that, by all outward appearances, she looked nothing like one. A half-Chinese father was meant to show the surprising mix of cultures often prevalent in Hawaii. Extremely proud of her unlikely heritage, she feels personally compelled to over-explain every chance she gets. The character was based on a real-life, red-headed local who did just that." Emma Stone said that whitewashing was a problem in Hollywood and that she regretted being miscast.


Ardhendu Bhushan Bardhan

Ardhendu Bhushan Bardhan (25 September 1924 – 2 January 2016) was an Indian communist politician. He was the general secretary of the Communist Party of India (CPI) from 1996 until 2012.

Bardhan was born in Barisal, Bengal Presidency, British India (now in Bangladesh). His wife died in 1986. They had two children.

Bardhan had a paralytic stroke in December 2015. He died on 2 January 2016 in New Delhi, aged 91.

Thanat Khoman

Thanat Khoman (also Thanad; ; ; May 9, 1914 – March 3, 2016) was a Thai former diplomat and politician. He was Foreign Minister from 1959 to 1971, chairman of the Democrat Party from 1979 to 1982, and Deputy Prime Minister from 1980 to 1982.

He and foreign ministers of 4 other countries, were responsible for starting ASEAN.

Khoman died in Bangkok, Thailand of respiratory failure on March 3, 2016 at the age of 101.

Richard F. Gordon Jr.

Richard Francis "Dick" Gordon, Jr. (October 5, 1929 – November 6, 2017), (Capt, USN, Ret.), was an American former naval officer and aviator, chemist, test pilot, and NASA astronaut. He was one of only 24 people to have flown to the Moon, as the Command Module Pilot for the Apollo 12 mission. He was born in Seattle, Washington.

Gordon, Jr. died on November 6, 2017 at his home in San Marcos, California at the age of 88.


Alan Bean

Alan LaVern Bean (March 15, 1932 – May 26, 2018), (Capt, USN, Ret.), was an American former naval officer and aviator, aeronautical engineer, test pilot, and NASA astronaut. 

He was the fourth person to walk on the Moon. He was selected to become an astronaut by NASA in 1963 as part of Astronaut Group 3. He made his first flight into space aboard Apollo 12, the second manned mission to land on the Moon, at the age of thirty-seven years in November 1969.

Bean died at a hospital in Houston, Texas on May 26, 2018 from a short-illness at the age of 86.


Lewis Millett

Lewis Lee Millett Sr. (December 15, 1920 – November 14, 2009) was an American military person. He was a United States Army officer who received the Medal of Honor during the Korean War for leading the last major American bayonet charge. Millett was born in Mechanic Falls, Maine. He later served in the Vietnam War as well. He retired from the Army in 1973.

Millett died in Loma Linda, California from congestive heart failure at the age of 88. He was buried with full military honors in Riverside National Cemetery in Riverside, California.

Gilbert Kaplan

Gilbert Edmund Kaplan (March 3, 1941 – January 1, 2016) was an American businessman, journalist and conductor. He was born in New York City, New York. He founded the magazine "Institutional Investor" in 1967. He was publisher of the magazine until 1990, and editor-in-chief for two more years, although he sold it in 1984.

Kaplan died of cancer on January 1, 2016 at the age of 74.


Gabrielle Anwar

Gabrielle Anwar (born 4 February 1970) is an English actress. She played Margaret Tudor on "The Tudors". She also played "The Tango Girl" in "Scent of a Woman". She later played Fiona in the television series "Burn Notice".

Anwar was born in Laleham, Surrey, England.

Ian Pieris

Ian Pieris (14 March 1933 – 1 January 2016) was a Sri Lankan first-class cricketer. He was born in Colombo, Sri Lanka. He was an important figure in Sri Lankan sports. He was a former president of Sri Lanka Cricket (1989, 1990-1991).

Pieris also had a long cricket career playing as a top-order batsman for St. Thomas' College and as a right-arm opening bowler for Singhalese Sports Club, Cambridge University and All-Ceylon. He retired from sports activities in 2003 due to health problems. 

Pieris died at the age of 82 in Colombo, Sri Lanka from a long illness.


Frances Cress Welsing

Frances Cress Welsing (Frances Luella Cress; March 18, 1935 – January 2, 2016) was an American afrocentrist and psychiatrist. She was born in Chicago, Illinois. Welsing is known for her views on white supremacy. According to Welsing, White people are the result of genetic mutation and are the children of Africans. She is the author of the well-known "The Isis Papers" (1991).

Welsing suffered a stroke on January 1, 2016. She was placed under critical condition at a Washington, D.C.-area hospital. Welsing died a few hours later on the morning of January 2, 2016. She was 80 years old.


Steve Gohouri

Lohoré Steve Ulrich Gohouri (8 February 1981 – December 2015), better known as Steve Gohouri, was an Ivorian professional footballer. He played as a defender from 1998 until his death. He played for Paris Saint-Germain, Vaduz, BSC Young Boys, Borussia Mönchengladbach, Wigan Athletic, Maccabi Tel Aviv and Bologna.

Gohouri was born in Treichville, Abidjan.

Gohouri went missing in December 2015 in Germany. He was found dead on 31 December 2015 in the river Rhine. His death was announced on 2 January 2016. He was 34.


Trypophobia

Trypophobia is a fear of an irregular pattern of holes or bumps. 

Some people feel the holes are "disgusting and gross." Others feel nauseated and itchy, have panic attacks, sweat or feel their heart pound. It may be that some brain responses associate the holes with danger.

Roland Alpha Juno

Roland Alpha Juno is a series of synthesizer keyboards. They were made by the Roland Corporation from 1985 to 1986. Two main models were released: the Alpha Juno 1 (JU-1) (1985–1986) and the Alpha Juno 2 (JU-2) (1985–1986).

The JU-2 added one octave of notes and a slot for cartridges.

Decathlon

A decathlon is a sporting event. It has ten track and field events. The combined events are: 100 meters, 400 meters, 1500 meters, 110 meters hurdles, long jump, high jump, pole vault, discus throw, javelin throw and shot put.

The word "decathlon" comes from the Greek language. It has two parts; δέκα ("déka", meaning "ten") and ἄθλος ("áthlos", or ἄθλον, "áthlon", meaning "feat").

Naan

Naan bread is a type of bread made with flour. It is a flatbread that is baked in a tandoor. Naan bread often looks like a tear drop. It is often covered in herbs and spices such as garlic to change the taste.

Naan bread is made from basic bread ingredients like wheat flour, a leavening agent (either yeast, yogurt, baking powder, or all), salt, and butter or ghee. It also is made with yogurt and milk. The yogurt is what makes naan bread taste so much different than other kinds of bread.


Laundry

Laundry is the washing of clothing. Laundry is often done in a special room called a "laundry room". Some shared homes have shared laundry rooms. Businesses that wash clothes are called laundromats or launderettes.

Laundry is done by washing with soap and water or detergent and water. The clothing is stirred roughly in the soapy water, and then moved to be rinsed in clean water. Washing can be done by hand or with a washing machine. The clothing is dried in a clothes dryer or on a clothesline. Sometimes after the clothes are dry, they are ironed or pressed.

Clothes dryer

A clothes dryer or tumble dryer is a machine that is used to remove water from clothing after it is washed. A dryer has a rotating cylinder called a "drum' that holds clothes and lets hot air in to evaporate the water. Then the heated air and water vapor exit through a vent. The drum spins so that the clothing stays apart making the hot air work better. Dryers can use electricity to both operate the machine and create heat to dry the clothes. Others use natural gas to create the heat.

Ventless clothes dryers work differently since they cannot vent the hot air. The two types of ventless dryers are condensation dryers and heat pump dryers. Condensation dryers heat the air the same as a regular dryer, but use a heat exchanger. The air is cooled and the water goes down a drain. A heat pump dryer works similarly but passes the air a heat pump. The water either goes down the drain or into a collection tank.

Storyboard

A storyboard is a way of planning animated films, movies, or television shows. A storyboard shows examples of what the artist wants to make before they are animated. It also lets artists organize their stories before they start to make the animation. Storyboarding, in the form it is known today, was developed at Walt Disney Productions. It was first used in the 1928 animated short film, "Plane Crazy"." The 1939 movie "Gone with the Wind" was the first to be completely storyboarded.

<br>

Margaret Tudor

Margaret Tudor (28 November 1489 – 18 October 1541) was the wife of James IV of Scotland. She was Queen Consort of Scotland from 1503 until James IV died in 1513. After that, she was regent for their son James V. Margaret and James IV were grandparents of Mary, Queen of Scots.

Margaret was born at Westminster Palace. She was the oldest surviving daughter of Henry VII of England and Elizabeth of York.

In 1514, Margaret married Archibald Douglas, 6th Earl of Angus. Margaret and Douglas were grandparents of Lord Darnley, the second husband of Mary, Queen of Scots. Margaret's great-grandson, King James VI of Scotland, became the king of England and Ireland after Elizabeth I of England died in 1603.


Byzantine calendar

The Byzantine calendar was a calendar used by the Eastern Orthodox Church from the year 691 A.D. to 1728. It was also used by the Byzantine empire from 988 A.D. to 1453, when the empire fell, and by Russia from 988 A.D. to 1700. The Byzantine calendar is like the Julian calendar, but the year starts on 1 September instead of 1 January. Year one of the Byzantine calendar is from 1 September, 5509 B.C. to 31 August, 5508 B.C.

The Great Schism, dated to 1054, created two religions from what was formerly one. The Western part later became the Roman Catholic Church. The Eastern part is known as the Eastern Orthodox Church. At that time the Roman Catholic church used the Julian calendar. In 1453 the Byzantine Empire collapsed ending the use of their calendar. But others still used it, notably Russia. Numbering differences began to appear when the Gregorian calendar was introduced in 1582 by Pope Gregory XIII.

The Roman calendar did not include dates for Old Testament prophets. The Byzantine calendar does.

Peter the great became tsar of Russia in 1682. At the time the Russians used a form of the Julian calendar with Byzantine influence. The calendar year started on 1 September and not 1 January. The years were numbered from the date given as earth's creation and not from the birth of Christ. Peter changed the calendar to start on January 1 and numbered the years from Christ's birth. But he continued basing the calendar on the Julian system instead of the Gregorian calendar. By the early 1800s the Russian calendar was 12 days behind the Gregorian calendar used by western Europe. So dating something between the two systems became a problem. Dating notations such as 1 March O.S. (meaning Old Style, Julian or Russian) were used. Another example is 16 May 1582 N.S. (New Style or Gregorian calendar). Other notations included both: 25 October/6 November 1917, trying to show how the same day appeared in different calendars. 

On 1 January 1700, by decree of Peter the Great, the Russian/Byzantine calendar was no longer used.

Loopback

The loopback address is a computing term that is a special IP address of a computer's ethernet network. It is used to allow software on a computer to send information to the same computer using the TCP/IP stack. The special IP address is known as 127.0.0.1 (IPv4) or 0:0:0:0:0:0:0:1 (::1, IPv6).

Dryer

A dryer can be:


File allocation table

A file allocation table (FAT) is a way that computers look up stored data on a storage device. These include floppy disks, USB flash drives, SD cards and other high capacity storage devices. 

A FAT is a list of clusters that show where a computer file is stored. These clusters are not necessarily right next to each other but can be scattered over the disk or storage medium. The FAT is always located in the first few clusters of a storage device.There are always two identical copies, one being a backup of the other.

The FAT file system is a legacy file system that is both simple and robust. It works well even in lightweight uses. But it cannot deliver the same speed, reliability and scalability as some modern file systems. It is, however, supported for compatibility reasons by nearly all currently developed operating systems for personal computers. It is also supported by many mobile devices and embedded systems. That makes it a well suited format for data exchange between computers and devices of almost any type and age from 1981 up to the present.

It was originally designed in 1977 for use on floppy disks. FAT was soon adapted and used almost universally on hard disks throughout the DOS and Windows 9x eras for two decades. As disk drives improved, the capabilities of the file system have been extended accordingly. This has resulted in three major file system variants: FAT12, FAT16 and FAT32. The FAT standard has also been expanded in other ways while generally preserving backward compatibility with existing software.

With the introduction of more powerful computers and operating systems FAT is no longer the default file system for use on Microsoft Windows computers.

FAT file systems are still commonly found on floppy disks, USB sticks, flash and other solid-state memory cards. DCF uses FAT as the standard file system for digital cameras. FAT is also utilized in the boot stage of EFI-compliant computers.


Cheque

A cheque (or "check") is a paper used to give money from one person or business to another person or business. To the person getting the cheque, it is a paper that allows them to go to a bank and get money. To the person writing the cheque, it is a promise to pay the bank that is giving the money to the person who turned the cheque in.

Cheques must be written to a person or business. A cheque that is not written to anyone can be very bad because if it is lost, anyone who finds it can get the money. A cheque that is written to a person but does not have the amount of money written is a blank cheque.

Cheques have been used since over a thousand years ago. However, they became popular in the 20th century for paying money without using cash.

The four main parts of a cheque are:
When more people started to use cheques, more things were added to make them more secure and easy to track. They started to require the drawer's signature to be confirmed. The signature on a cheque is the main way to tell if a cheque is real. Cheques also started to need the amount written in words and numbers. This made it harder to make mistakes and harder to change the cheque after it was already written.

Issue dates have also been added to cheques. A cheque is invalid if a long time has passed since the issue date. A cheque with an issue date in the past is called an antedated cheque. A cheque with an issue date in the future is called a post-dated cheque. Usually, a person cannot get money from a post-dated cheque until after the issue date has passed.

Cheque numbers are also used often. Every cheque has a different cheque number. This is to make sure people can't get money twice from one cheque.

Michel Delpech

Jean-Michel Delpech (26 January 1946 – 2 January 2016), better known as Michel Delpech, was a French singer-songwriter and actor. He began his career in 1964. He released thirteen albums and over 50 singles. He appeared in the movie "The Beloved" (2011).

Delph was born in Courbevoie, Hauts-de-Seine. He was married to Chantal Simon until their divorce in 1976. He later married Geneviève Garnier-Fabre in 1985. He had three children.

Delph died from throat cancer on 2 January 2016 in Puteaux. He was 69.

Gisela Mota Ocampo

Gisela Raquel Mota Ocampo (13 March 1982 – 2 January 2016) was a Mexican politician. She was a member of the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD). She was the mayor of Temixco from 1 January 2016 until her death the next day. She was born in Temixco, Morelos.

Mota Ocampo was shot dead at her home on 2 January 2016 in Pueblo Viejo, aged 33.

City of Bones

City of Bones is the first novel of Cassandra Clare. It was first published March 27, 2007 in United States by Simon & Schuester, who publishes her other works as well. This is the first book of her main series "The Mortal Instruments."

Cassandra Clare was a fanfiction author, publishing her Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings stories online. One day, in 2004, a friend of hers took her to a tattoo shop, where she saw those footprints in the ceiling, and after that, she started developing the story of race of warriors, called Shadowhunters, who were burdened with the job to protect humans from demons. 
After some rejections, in 2007 Cassandra could get her book to be published by the name of City of Bones, by Simon & Schuester, in the US. Her books have been published and have been bestsellers throughout the years. In UK, her publisher is Walker Books.

Marcel Barbeau

Marcel Christian Barbeau (February 18, 1925 – January 2, 2016) was a Canadian artist. His best known works are "Fenêtre sur l'avenir" and "Fenêtre sur l'avenir", both in Montreal.

Barbeau was born in Montreal, Quebec. He studied with Paul-Émile Borduas. In 1995, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada. He was a member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts. He had two children. Barbeau died on January 2, 2016 at the age of 90.

Esperanto alphabet

The Esperanto alphabet is the alphabet which is used to write the Esperanto language. It has 28 (twenty-eight) letters.

The Esperanto alphabet is based on the Roman alphabet (which the English alphabet is also based on). Unlike the English alphabet, it does not have the letters "q", "w", "x" or "y", but it has 6 (six) letters that use a diacritic (a special mark above a letter): "ĉ", "ĝ", "ĥ", "ĵ", "ŝ" and "ŭ".

Because Esperanto uses letters with diacritics, there was (and sometimes still is) the need to write text in Esperanto even if the special letters are not available.

L. L. Zamenhof, the creator of Esperanto, proposed the so-called "h-system" ("h-sistemo" in Esperanto). Instead of diacritics, the letter "h" is added, with the only exception being "ŭ". For example, "ĝ" becomes "gh", "ĥ" becomes "hh" and "ŭ" becomes "u". Words which appear to have a diacritic but do not actually can be "broken" with a hyphen or an apostrophe. For example, "flughaveno" (airport) becomes "flug-haveno" or "flug'haveno".

Another system used to replace diacritics is the "x-system" ("x-sistemo" in Esperanto). The letter "x" is not used in the Esperanto alphabet, but it can be used to write diacritics. The x-system, unlike the h-system, does not treat ŭ differently from the other letters. For example, "ĝ" becomes "gx", "ĥ" becomes "hx" and "ŭ" becomes "ux". "flughaveno" remains the same, as there is no ambiguity.

The whole Esperanto alphabet is part of the Latin-3 and Unicode character sets, and it is included in WGL4. 
The code points and HTML entities for the special Esperanto characters in Unicode are:

Some people say that use of the diacritics (the letters ĉ, ĝ, ĥ, ĵ, ŝ, ŭ) makes the language less natural than it would be using only the basic letters of Latin alphabet. The letters ĉ, ĝ, ĥ, ĵ are not used in any other language in the world.

According to some people, the phonetic system of Esperanto is too similar to the Polish dialect of Białystok, home town of Zamenhof.

Several people consider using the Latin alphabet not to be neutral. In fact, many native languages on each continent (except for Antarctica) use the Latin alphabet to write: for example, German (Europe), Swahili (Africa), Vietnamese (Asia), Tahitian (Oceania), Cree (North America) and Apalaí (South America).

Bradycardia

Bradycardia (also called bradyarrhythmia) is a slow heart rate. In adults, bradycardia is defined as a heart rate that is under 60 beats per minute (bpm) while the person is resting. Bradycardia is a type of cardiac arrhythmia.

There are many types of bradycardia. Some are caused by problems with the heart. Bradycardia can also be caused by medicines, drugs, and many other things.

The symptoms of bradycardia depend on how slow the heart rate is and what kind of problem the heart is having. For most people, bradycardia is not a serious problem. But it can become a serious problem if it signals a major problem with the heart. Also, if bradycardia gets very bad, the heart will be unable to pump enough blood and oxygen to the body. Every part of the body needs blood and oxygen to survive. If bradycardia is bad enough, it can cause organ damage, brain damage, and death.


Matt Hobden

Matthew Edward "Matt" Hobden (27 March 1993 – 2 January 2016) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast-medium bowler. He played for Cardiff MCCU (2012–2013) and Sussex (2013–2016).

Hobden was born in Eastbourne, East Sussex. He was educated at Millfield School and Eastbourne College.

Hobden died after accidentally falling on 2 January 2016 in Forres, Scotland. He was 22.


Shigeji Kaneko

Shigeji Kaneko (, 13 August 1931 – 2 January 2016) was a Japanese featherweight boxer during the 1950s. He fought Gabriel "Flash" Elorde four times, winning them all. He was also a boxing promoter from the 1980s until the early 2000s. He was born in Tsubame, Niigata.

Shigeji died from progressive supranuclear palsy on 2 January 2016 in Tokyo. He was 84.


Precision (numbers)

In mathematics, precision describes the level of exactness in a number's digits. For example, the number 54.6 has precision 1 (one decimal digit). A number with end zeroes ("00") has a negative precision, such as 500 having precision -2, or 4,000 as precision -3. A whole number (not ending in "0") has precision 0.

The level of precision differs from the word "accuracy" of a number, which means the correctness or truth of a number as used to describe an item or count.

Acid2

The Acid2 test is a test of web browsers to see if they can show parts of the internet correctly. It uses CSS and HTML to put things in the right places. It uses the PNG format for the images it uses in the test. A company's web browser that works with the Acid2 test is able to show most of the internet correctly and is a modern web browser.

Folding@home

Folding@Home is a distributed computing project that helps doctors at Stanford University learn about and cure diseases. When parts of the human body do not work right, they make people sick. Folding@Home looks at the parts called proteins. When these proteins do not work right, they can make people sick with things like Alzheimer's, Mad Cow disease, and many types of cancer.

Folding@Home became more popular for a time during the COVID-19 pandemic and many personal computers had their folding@home Client set to fight the COVID disease.

The project uses the idle processing resources of thousands of personal computers around the world owned by volunteers who have installed the software on their systems. Instead of using an expensive supercomputer many user's computers can do the same work. The software was first available for the Sony PlayStation 3. It can also run in a Google Chrome window. It is now available for a wide variety of Android mobile devices.

Qualia

Qualia is a term philosophers use for bits of perception or subjective, conscious experience. It is in the field called the philosophy of psychology, or philosophy of mind.

Examples of qualia include the pain of a headache, the taste of wine, or the perceived redness of an evening sky. It is a separate bit of experience, different from thinking about propositions or stream of consciousness thought.

Daniel Dennett (b. 1942), American philosopher and cognitive scientist, says "qualia" is "an unfamiliar term for something that could not be more familiar to each of us: the ways things seem to us".

Stream of consciousness

Stream of consciousness refers to the flow of thoughts in the conscious mind. It was a term used by the American psychologist and philosopher William James in 1890. James said:

The idea (but not the term) had been noted before James, by the philosopher William Hamilton in his lectures of 1838/9. He described thought as "a series of acts all... connected".

A similar idea occurs in early Buddhist writings, and is sometimes called the mindstream.


Oscar Isaac

Oscar Isaac (born Óscar Isaac Hernández Estrada; March 9, 1979) is a Guatemalan - American actor. He is known for his lead film roles in the comedy-drama "Inside Llewyn Davis" (2013), for which he received a Golden Globe Award nomination, the crime drama "A Most Violent Year" (2014) and the science fiction thriller "Ex Machina" (2015). He had a role in the 2015 film "". He has also recorded music in Guatemala. He won a Golden Globe Award in 2016.

Vsto debuted in 1989 at the PvP (NjPW Crash) and carried on his career at NjPW.

Visto made a impact on showing up at WCW Monday Nitro in a battle royal.

Visto disappeared on WCW Monday Nitro and appeared on WCW Monday Nitro as Mincho .


Jeannie Mai

Jeannie Camtu Mai (born January 4, 1979) is an American television personality. She is a known fashion expert for the television series "How Do I Look?". She has been a presenter for the Miss Universe pageant as well. 

<br>

Alexandra Nilsson

Alexandra "Kissie" Nilsson (born Alexandra Barbara Nilsson, 18 April 1991) is a Swedish blogger and television personality. She has two siblings, who are younger than her. 

She started her blog in January 2007. In 2011, she had the most visited blog in Sweden with about 170,000 visitors. She also has a Youtube channel called Alexandra "Kissie" Nilsson. It has very many subscribers.

In late summer of 2010, Kissie tried to start a career in music by recording a song, called "Success". It was released a month later. However, the song didn't get very much attention, and most of her readers didn't buy the song. That caused the website that sold "Success" to shut down two weeks after it's publicity.

In autumn 2010, Kissie and her friend were traveling to a Swedish city called Västerås, where they were going to host DJ at a nightclub. She said on her blog that she would meet her readers at the train station, but when she got there, she was attacked by some readers who threw some eggs and flour at her.

Svetlana Alexievich

Svetlana Alexandrovna Alexievich (born 31 May 1948 in Ukraine) is a Belarusian investigative journalist and non-fiction writer who writes in the Russian language. She won a Nobel Prize in Literature in 2015.

Honda CR-V

The Honda CR-V is a compact SUV, manufactured since 1997 by Honda. It was loosely based on the Honda Civic. It debuted in Japan in 1996. 

In 1997 the five-passenger compact utility vehicle was introduced in North America. At first it was available only as a four-wheel drive model. It was powered by a 126-horsepower 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine. Honda first began producing the CR-V in Sayama, Japan, and Swindon, UK, for worldwide markets. It added North American manufacturing sites in East Liberty, Ohio, in 2007; El Salto, Jalisco, Mexico, in late 2007; and Alliston, Ontario, Canada, in 2012. 

The CR-V also is produced in Wuhan (Hubei province) for the Chinese market by the Dongfeng Honda Automobile Company. They are a joint venture with Dongfeng Motor Corporation. The CR-V is Honda's second smallest utility vehicle, slotting between the smaller HR-V and the larger Pilot. In 2015 the CR-V was named "Motor Trend" SUV of the year.

Piña colada

A piña colada is a special kind of mixed cocktail. It is usually made of rum, coconut cream, and pineapple juice. It is usually served either blended or shaken with ice. It may be garnished with either a pineapple wedge, a maraschino cherry, or both. Piña colada is the national drink of Puerto Rico. 

There are many claims to be the first to invent the piña colada. Bartender Ramon “Monchito” Marrero is claimed to be the inventor over fifty years ago by the Puerto Rican government. But there are three places in Puerto Rico that claim to be the home of the Piña Colada. There was also a version made in Cuba as early as 1922.

Griot

A griot or Jeli is a West African historian, storyteller, musician, genealogist, spokesperson, diplomat, teacher, praise-singer and more. There is really no word in the English language that fully explains what a griot does. Not every griot does all these things, but these are some examples of what their function is. 

A griot was a public servant, an artist, and a royal counselor. His fate depended on the prosperity and survival of the king or queen he served. He preserved the oral history of his tribe or people. In the Caribbean and the Americas he was the link to their African culture and history. The griot was the only person that could keep their past history in Africa alive. Troubadour and poet, diplomat and diviner only begin to describe his functions. Each clan, village, and warrior-family had a griot. They kept track of all births, marriages, deaths, battles and other tribal histories. Griots were also said to have the ability to see one's future. They could memorize the history of every member of a clan or tribe going back for centuries.

The position of a griot was traditionally passed down from father to son. A griot was born into and trained by a griot family. For those not born into griot families, sometimes there was a master griot who taught the arts associated with the position. Today there are state-sponsored and private schools that teach griot arts. But they focus on the musical aspects and not the verbal skills.



Internet Assigned Numbers Authority

The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) is a department of ICANN. IANA is a nonprofit corporation that handles many Internet-related symbols and numbers.

IANA is in charge of allocating numbers like IP addresses used in Internet protocols. These protocols are published in Request for Comments (RFC) documents. IANA works with the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) and the RFC editorial team.

Assigning IP addresses and domain names needs more administration. IANA delegates these to smaller administrations because of the many layers involved.

IANA gives IP addresses in blocks to regional internet registries (RIRs). Each RIR assigns addresses for a different part of the world. All the RIRs formed the Number Resource Organization to coordinate with each other.

RIRs split their address pools into smaller chunks and give them to Internet service providers in their region. IANA assigns addresses with a /8 prefix for IPv4. It also assigns IPv6 addresses with /23 and /12 prefixes. These IPv6 addresses come from the 2000::/3 IPv6 address block. Because IPv4 addresses have run out, IANA does not assign them any more.

IANA also manages the top layer of the Domain name system (DNS). It works with many different server operators and policy makers from ICANN.

IANA also manages .int domains for international organizations, and .arpa for reverse DNS.

IANA is also involved in Internet Engineering Task Force protocols, like uniform resource identifier (URI) schemes. It also recommends character encodings to use on the Internet. IANA has to listen to the Internet Architecture Board when doing this.

IANA also has a database containing time zone differences and rules. Computers everywhere use the information in this database to keep time correctly.

IANA has been responsible for the database since October 16, 2011. The original FTP server holding the database was shutdown because of the Astrolabe, Inc. v. Olson et al. court decision.

Roommate

A roommate is a person who shares a room, apartment (British flat) or house with others. A housemate (mainly British) is someone who shares a house with others. For students living on a university campus, having at least one roommate is a traditional arrangement. Most college and university dormitories are designed for two roommates. There is a new trend among college students to request a room to themselves. Many colleges and universities are very willing to give what is called a 'super single' to one student who wants privacy.

The reason many get one or more roommates is to save money. As rents keep increasing, they are sometimes going up faster than wages in an area.

<br>

Bernocchi

Bernocchi might mean:






Synthetic cannabis

Synthetic cannabis (synthetic marijuana) is a type of designer drug made from chemicals sprayed onto herbs. Synthetic cannabis is often called K2, Spice, or fake weed. "Synthetic" means "man-made"; "Cannabis" is the plant that marijuana is made from. 

Synthetic cannabis is not really man-made marijuana. It has no marijuana, and no chemicals from the "Cannabis" plant, in it. Instead, it is sprayed with man-made chemicals called "cannabinoids." In the brain, they act like the chemicals in real marijuana (like THC). Because of this, they can make a person feel "high" the same way real marijuana can.

Medical research has shown that synthetic cannabis is much more dangerous than regular marijuana. For example, one research study found that people who used synthetic cannabis were 30 times more likely to get emergency medical treatment than people who used regular marijuana. 

Synthetic cannabinoids can also cause much more serious symptoms and health problems than regular marijuana. These problems can include:

Research, and the experiences of people who try to stop taking synthetic cannabis, show that it causes addiction and withdrawal symptoms in some people.

Professor John W. Huffman, who first created many of the chemicals used in synthetic cannabis, has said: "People who use it are idiots. You don't know what it's going to do to you."

Synthetic cannabis has had a complicated legal history. Its makers have used many different strategies to keep their products from being illegal.

For example, synthetic cannabis is often sold in packages that call it "herbal incense." Most of the packages also have a warning label that says "Not for human consumption" (not for humans to put into their bodies). By doing these things, companies that make synthetic cannabis can say that they are not selling drugs, and it is not their fault if people ignore their warning label.

It has also been difficult for states and countries to make synthetic cannabis illegal because there are so many different cannabinoids. For example, in 2009, the United Kingdom made all the cannabinoids that existed illegal. However, scientists quickly created new versions of cannabinoids, which were not listed as illegal in the U.K.'s laws. Like many other countries, the United Kingdom has tried to ban every new cannabinoid as soon as it is created, but new ones are made all the time.

Most countries in Europe, and a few countries in Asia, have made some or all synthetic cannabinoids illegal.

Before 2010, the United States Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) had made some of the cannabinoids used in synthetic marijuana illegal in the U.S. Other cannabinoids were not illegal. Some states passed laws on their own, to make synthetic cannabis illegal in their states. However, before 2010, not all cannabinoids were illegal in the United States.

On June 6, 2010, a teenager from Iowa named David Mitchell Rozga killed himself. His friends said they and Rozga had smoked synthetic cannabis about an hour before he shot himself. Rozga's suicide, and the idea that it might have been caused by synthetic cannabis, was reported in newspapers and media all over the world.

After Rozga's suicide, the DEA used "emergency powers" to make five cannabinoids often found in synthetic marijuana illegal. Also, after the suicide, United States Senator Chuck Grassley suggested a law called the "David Mitchell Rozga Act." This law would make using or selling synthetic cannabis illegal. The law was passed by the United States Congress in June 2011. 

On July 10, 2012, President Barack Obama signed the Synthetic Drug Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 into law. It made the most common chemicals used in synthetic marijuana illegal.



Ostwald process

The Ostwald process is a chemical process for making nitric acid (HNO3). The Ostwald process provides the main raw material for the most common type of fertilizer production. It is closely associated with the Haber process. It is named after Wilhelm Ostwald, who developed the process and patented it in 1902.

Ammonia is converted to nitric acid in two stages. 

1) It is oxidized in the presence of platinium as catalyst at about 900 degrees Celsius to form nitric oxide and water.

2) Nitric oxide is oxidized again to form nitrogen dioxide and then it reacts with water to form dilute nitric acid whereas some portion of the nitrogen dioxide is reduce back to nitric oxide. 


2014 FIVB Volleyball World Championship

The 2014 Volleyball World Championship was held in Poland from 30 August to 21 September 2014. The tournament featured 24 teams to determine the world champions in men's volleyball. In addition to the host nation Poland, 23 teams qualified for the tournament by means of continental and regional competitions. The matches took place in seven venues across seven Polish cities, with the final being held at Spodek, Katowice.


Marion Maréchal

Marion Maréchal-Le Pen (born 10 December 1989) is a French politician. She is the granddaughter of Jean-Marie Le Pen and the niece of Marine Le Pen. She is a member of Reconquête and an MP for Vaucluse's 3rd constituency since 2012. Twenty-two years old at the time of her election, she became France's youngest MP in modern political history before Tematai Le Gayic's election in 2022.

Cornway College

Cornway College (or simply Cornway) is a private, day and boarding school for boys and girls in Mount Hampden, Mashonaland West, Zimbabwe, Africa. It is from the Harare central business district. Cornway College was opened on January 23, 2006. It has a preparatory school ("Cornway Junior College") and a high school ("Cornway Senior College"). The language used to communicate within the school is English.

Cornway College was ranked as one of the top 10 high schools in Zimbabwe in 2014.

Students at the Junior College are taught the primary schools curriculum developed by Cambridge International Examinations or CIE (an exam board in the United Kingdom) and ZIMSEC (an exam board in Zimbabwe). The children learn the following subjects:
In Grade Seven, children write tests for the Cambridge Primary certificate by CIE (for English, Mathematics and Science subjects) and Grade Seven exams by ZIMSEC (for English, General Paper, Mathematics and Shona subjects).

Students in Form One and Form Two (Year 8 and Year 9) are taught several subjects according to the Zimbabwe Junior Certificate curriculum.

In Form Three and Form Four (Year 10 and Year 11), students are taught according to the curriculum of CIE and ZIMSEC. In Form Four, the students then write tests for the International General Certificate of Secondary Education (given by CIE) and the GCE Ordinary Level certificate (given by ZIMSEC).

In the Sixth Form (that is, Lower Six and Upper Six, or Year 12 and Year 13), students learn a minimum of three subjects according to the Advanced Level curriculum of CIE and ZIMSEC. In Lower Six, students can choose to write tests for the Cambridge International AS Level certificate (half the content of Advanced Level is tested, the certificate is given by CIE) then write tests again in Upper Six for the full Cambridge International A Level certificate. Another option is to write the Cambridge International A Level and or the ZIMSEC GCE Advanced Level tests in Upper Six.

Sports at the Junior College include:

Sports at the Senior College include:


Orizuru

An orizuru (折鶴 "ori-" "folded," "tsuru" "crane"), or paper crane, is a classically designed paper Japanese origami. Red paper cranes is a representation of the Japanese red-crowned crane which is special in Japanese culture. The orizuru is often is used restaurant table decoration. "Senbazuru" (千羽鶴), which means "thousand cranes," are one thousand paper cranes strung together.

Out of the Woods (song)

"Out of the Woods" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It is the sixth single from her album, "1989". It was co-written and co-produced by Swift and Jack Antonoff from the American alternative band Fun. The two produced the song along with Swedish songwriter and producer Max Martin. The song is the fourth track on the album. It became her sixth top-20 hit in a row on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

"Out of the Woods" was re-released on October 27th, 2023 as "Out of the Woods (Taylor's Version)"

The music video for the song was released on December 31, 2015, live on "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest" on ABC stations in the United States.

Stephen Stanton

Stephen Walter Stanton (born August 22, 1961) is a German-born American voice actor, impressionist, visual effects artist and comedian. He has done many voice roles in television shows, movies and video games. He is best known for his work in "The 7D" and in the "Star Wars: The Clone Wars" franchise.








Point Break

Point Break is a 1991 American action crime thriller movie. It was directed by Kathryn Bigelow and it was produced by Peter Abrams and Robert L. Levy. "Point Break" was released on July 12, 1991.

In the movie, a gang of robbers called the "Ex-Presidents" wear face-masks of former Presidents of the United States (Ronald Reagan, Richard Nixon, Lyndon B. Johnson, and Jimmy Carter) to hide their true identities.

The movie got mixed and positive reviews from critics. It has a 68% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film three-and-a-half stars out of four. In his review, he wrote that "Bigelow is an interesting director for this material. She is interested in the ways her characters live dangerously for philosophical reasons. They aren't men of action, but men of thought who choose action as a way of expressing their beliefs."

A remake was released on December 25, 2015 and received negative reviews.



C. B. Forgotston

Charlton Bath Forgotston, Jr. (January 19, 1945 – January 3, 2016), known as C. B. Forgotston, was an American attorney, political pundit and state government watchdog from Newellton, Louisiana.

For seven years, he was the chief counsel of the Appropriations Committee of the Louisiana House of Representatives. He was an outspoken fiscal conservative and critic of legalized gambling, unconstitutional legislation and political corruption.

Forgotston committed suicide by firearm early in 2016, sixteen days before his 71st birthday in Hammond, Louisiana.

Bill Plager

William Ronald "Bill" Plager (July 6, 1945 – January 3, 2016) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He was born in Kirkland Lake, Ontario. Plager started his National Hockey League career with the Minnesota North Stars in 1967. He also played for the St. Louis Blues and Atlanta Flames. He left the NHL after the 1976 season.

Plager died on January 3, 2016 in Peterborough, Ontario, aged 70.

Peter Naur

Peter Naur (25 October 1928 – 3 January 2016) was a Danish computer science pioneer and Turing award winner. He helped the creation of the ALGOL 60 programming language. 

He began his career as an astronomer for which he received his PhD degree in 1957. From 1969 to 1998 Naur was a professor of computer science at University of Copenhagen. Naur won the 2005 ACM A.M. Turing Award for his work on defining the ALGOL 60 programming language.

Naur died on 3 January 2016 after a short illness in Herlev, aged 87.

Robert Stigwood

Robert Stigwood (16 April 1934 – 4 January 2016) was an English-Australian music entrepreneur and impresario. He was best known for managing Cream and the Bee Gees. He relocated to England in 1954.

In the 1960s and 1970s he was one of the most successful figures in the entertainment world, through his management of music groups like Cream and The Bee Gees, theatrical productions like "Hair" and "Jesus Christ Superstar" and movie productions including the hugely successful "Saturday Night Fever" and "Grease".

Stigwood died on 4 January 2016 in London at the age of 81.


Igor Sergun

General Igor Dmitrievich Sergun (28 March 1957 – 3 January 2016) was a Russian military officer. He was Director of the GRU, the Main Intelligence Directorate of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, since December 26, 2011.

He worked in military intelligence since 1984, and served in various positions in the Main Intelligence Directorate. He speaks several foreign languages and was awarded state awards. In 1998 as a colonel, he served as a RF Military Attaché in Tirana, Albania. In December 2011, he was appointed as Head of the Main Intelligence Directorate of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation.

Sergun died suddenly on 3 January 2016 in Moscow of a heart attack at the age of 58. However many outside of Russia believe that Sergun was killed in a secret mission in Lebanon.

Michel Galabru

Michel Louis Edmond Galabru (27 October 1922 – 4 January 2016) was a French actor. He was known for his roles in "Subway" (1985), "Belle époque" (1992) and as Abraracourcix in "Asterix & Obelix Take On Caesar" (1999).

Galabru was born in Safi, Morocco to French parents. He was raised near Paris, France. He appeared in over 250 movies mostly directed by Bertrand Blier, Jean-Luc Godard, Luc Besson and Costa-Gavras. Galabru died on 4 January 2016 in his home in Paris, France at the age of 93.

Bertrand Blier

Bertrand Blier (born 14 March 1939) is a French screenwriter and movie director. His 1978 movie "Get Out Your Handkerchiefs" won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 51st Academy Awards.

He is the son of famous French actor Bernard Blier. His 1996 movie "Mon Homme" was entered into the 46th Berlin International Film Festival. His 2005 film "How Much Do You Love Me?" was entered into the 28th Moscow International Film Festival where he won the Silver George for Best Director.

Safi

Safi (Berber: Asfi, ⴰⵙⴼⵉ; , Portuguese: "Safim") is a city in western Morocco on the Atlantic Ocean. The capital of Safi Province, it has a population of 282,227 (2004 census). Safi is the main fishing port for the country's sardine industry, and also exports phosphates, textiles and ceramics.


Shaykh al-Islām

Shaykh al-Islam () ( is a title of respect for outstanding scholars of Islam. The title may also be used for the chief expert in Islamic law of a city or kingdom. 

The title "shaykh al-Islam" was reserved for very few scholars. Usually those with the greatest merits. Al-Sakhawi defines it as follows:
There were not many scholars known as shaykh al-Islam. The title was used for the following scholars:



Alfonso Ribeiro

Alfonso Lincoln Ribeiro, Sr. (born September 21, 1971) is an American actor, television director, dancer, and game show host. He is best known for his roles as Carlton Banks on the sitcom "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" and as Alfonso Spears on the sitcom "Silver Spoons". Ribeiro is the current host of "America's Funniest Home Videos". He took over for former host Tom Bergeron who left after fifteen years.

Ribeiro took part in the nineteenth season of "Dancing with the Stars". He was paired with professional dancer Witney Carson. Ribeiro and Carson were both able to win the competition.


Kharkov National Medical University

Kharkov National Medical University (KNMU, , ) is a medical university in Kharkov, Ukraine. It was first known as Kharov State Medical University and then Kharkov Medical State Institute.

At present, over 700 professors teach at the university. Since 1951, the university has been training medical staff for countries of Eastern Europe, China, and Mongolia. Since 1961, it has been training students from other countries of Asia, Africa, and Latin America. At present, there are about 3,400 foreign students in the Kharkiv National Medical University who study at the Preparatory Department, Medical, Nursing and Dental Faculties. They do postgraduate and clinical post-graduate (residency) courses as well as professional probation at departments of the university in Dental, therapy, orthopedics, surgery, oncology, psychiatry, ophthalmology, obstetrics and gynecology, as well as other medical specialties. The University has trained over 5,000 specialists for 86 countries in Europe, Asia, Latin America and the Middle East.

The history of the higher medical school in Kharkiv is more than 200 years long. It is closely connected with the history of University of Kharkiv, because it originated from its Medical Faculty. The University was founded in 1805. A decree about its foundation was signed by the Russian Tsar Alexander I, and the first rules of the university were approved at that time.

The university ranks 481 out of 11,000 universities in the world by 4icu world university ranking. The university takes the 26th general place and the 5th place among higher medical educational establishments of Ukraine in the scientometrical database SCOPUS. It ranks 47th among Ukrainian higher educational establishments by UNESCO Top 200. In 2015, the Order of Honour and Silver Diploma by the rating "Golden Fortune" were awarded to the University. KhNMU became a laureate of the rating of higher educational establishments "Ukraine-2000".

In 2001, Silver Diploma by the VII International Rating "Golden Fortune" in the nomination "The Third Millennium Quality" was awarded to the staff of the University.

In 2010, the University won an honorary title "Leader of Modern Education" at the International Exhibition "Modern Education of Ukraine"; in 2011-2012 – "Leader of National Education" at the International Exhibitions "Education and Career - 2011" and "Education and Career - 2012".

The university has a complex of buildings for teaching. It has 5 hostels. All the students of the graduate and post-graduate stages of training are provided with beds at the hostels.

The university has 65 departments. The departments are equipped with modern classrooms and have all the opportunities for high-quality training of students.


About 40 studies in priority subjects are conducted at the university. These are working out of methods for prevention, diagnosing and treatment of diseases of the cardiovascular, reproductive and musculo-skeletal systems.

The university is a member of the International Association of Universities (an organisation overseen by UNESCO) since 1998. It is on the register of medical universities of the World Health Organization (Avicenna Directories).



Gitanjali

Gitanjali is a book of poems written by Rabindranath Tagore. There are 157 poems in the book. All the poems are in the Bengali language. It has been translated into many languages by many writers. "Gitanjali" is a book of song offerings. Rabindranath Tagore won the Nobel Prize for Literature on November 14, 1913, for his book "Gitanjali'. 'It also contains the special poem known as the"mind is without fear".

Tim Francis

Harold Huyton "Tim" Francis (1928 – 2 January 2016) was a New Zealand diplomat. He was Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 1978 to 1982. He was also Ambassador to the United States from 1988 to 1991.

Francis was born in Auckland. He was married to Sherrah and had three children.

Francis died from cancer on 2 January 2016 in Wellington. He was 87.

Sabri Yirmibeşoğlu

Sabri Yirmibeşoğlu (1 September 1928 – 2 January 2016) was a Turkish army general. He was Secretary-General of the National Security Council from 1988 to 1990. He was said to be behind a failed killing of President Turgut Özal in 1988. He was born in Foça, Izmir.

Yirmibeşoğlu died from kidney failure on 2 January 2016 in Istanbul, aged 87.

Irma Grese

Irma Ida Ilse Grese (7 October 1923 – 13 December 1945) was a member of the "Schutzstaffel (SS)", a powerful Nazi military organization, during World War II. She was a guard at the Nazi concentration camps at Ravensbrück and Auschwitz. She was also the warden of the women's part of Bergen-Belsen concentration camp.

Grese was nicknamed "the Hyena of Auschwitz" () by prisoners there because of the cruel ways she treated them. After World War II ended, Grese was put on trial for war crimes at the Nuremberg Trials. She was convicted of crimes against humanity for the things she did at Auschwitz and Bergen-Belsen. She was executed in 1945 at age 22. However, according to A. Pierrepoint (British executioner of Grese) as she was questioned by RSM O'Neil prior to the execution, she gave her age as "Twenty-one".

Irma Grese was born in Germany in 1923. In 1936, when Grese was 13, her mother killed herself by drinking hydrochloric acid, a poison, after finding out that her husband had an affair (a relationship with another woman). Grese's father probably joined the Nazi Party in 1937, and got married again in 1939.

When she was 14, Grese quit school. By then, she was a member of the League of German Girls ("Bund Deutscher Mädel"), a Nazi group for girls.

Grese volunteered to work in a concentration camp. In 1942, when she was 19 years old, she started working as a guard at Ravensbrück, a concentration camp for women. In March 1943, she was sent to work at Auschwitz-Birkenau. After a year, Grese was promoted to "Rapportführerin" - warden - at Bergen-Belsen. This was the second-highest rank that a woman could reach. In this job, she helped choose which prisoners would be killed in the concentration camp's gas chambers.

When British soldiers were getting close to Bergen-Belsen to liberate it (take it over and free its prisoners), Grese and some other people in the SS decided not to run away. They were captured by the British on 17 April 1945, and taken to prison.

In her famous memoir called "Five Chimneys", Olga Lengyel (who had been a prisoner in a camp where Grese worked) wrote about how Grese acted there. Lengyel wrote that Grese liked hurting prisoners, making them afraid of her, and choosing which ones would be killed in the gas chambers.

Grese was put on trial for war crimes at the "Belsen Trial." Instead of having one big trial with hundreds of defendants, the Nuremberg Trials were separated into smaller trials. For example, people who were accused of committing crimes at Bergen-Belsen were put on trial at the Belsen Trial. Grese was tried there with 44 other people. Her trial lasted from September to November 1945. She was given a lawyer named Major L. Cranfield.

Grese was accused of treating prisoners in ways that were illegal because of an international law called the Third Geneva Convention. People who had been prisoners in the camps Grese worked at talked about how Grese murdered and tortured prisoners. They said she especially liked to hurt women. They talked about how Grese beat prisoners, let her dogs attack them, whipped them, and shot them. They said she liked to whip women's breasts, and then make the camp doctor, Gisella Perl, do surgery on the women's breasts without anesthetic, because she liked watching them suffer.

Two other female guards were tried at the Belsen Trial. However, Grese was the only woman to get the death penalty.

On Thursday, 13 December 1945, in Hamelin Jail, Grese was executed by hanging.


Stephen W. Bosworth

Stephen Warren Bosworth (December 4, 1939 – January 3, 2016) was an American academic and diplomat. He served as U.S. Ambassador three times: Tunisia (1979–1981), Philippines (1984–1987), and South Korea (1997–2001).

Bosworth was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He was married and had four children.

Bosworth died from prostate cancer on January 3, 2016 in Boston, Massachusetts. He was 77.

Jean-Paul L'Allier

Jean-Paul L'Allier (August 12, 1938 – January 5, 2016) was a Canadian politician and journalist. He was a member of the Quebec Liberal Party. He served as the 38th Mayor of Quebec City from 1989 to 2005. He served in the National Assembly of Quebec for Deux-Montagnes from 1970 to 1976. He also worked for the Montreal newspaper "Le Devoir" in the 1980s. He was born in Hudson, Quebec.

L'Allier died after an illness on January 5, 2016 in Quebec City. He was 77.

Paul Bley

Hyman Paul Bley (November 10, 1932 – January 3, 2016) was a Canadian pianist. He was known for his work to the free jazz movement of the 1960s. He began his career in the 1950s and was active until his death in the 2010s. He worked with jazz musicians Lee Konitz, Charlie Haden, Evan Parker, Charlie Parker, Sonny Rollins, Charles Mingus, Ornette Coleman and many others.

Bley was born in Montreal, Quebec. He was adopted and Jewish. He was married to Carla Bley until their divorce.

Bley died on January 3, 2016 in Stuart, Florida. He was 83.

Grant Hill

Grant Henry Hill (born October 5, 1972) is an American retired basketball player. Hill was born in Dallas, Texas. He was part of the US basketball team who won the gold medal in the 1996 Summer Olympics. He is the son of Calvin Hill.

He was a selected third overall by the Detroit Pistons in the 1994 draft. He played six seasons, five as an All-star. He then played for the Orlando Magic from 2000-04. Hill played for 5 seasons for the Phoenix Suns. He finally retired from the Los Angeles Clippers after a 19-year career.

He was a seven time NBA All-star. Hill is a part owner of the Atlanta Hawks. He received the 2015 Candle in the Dark award. He is in the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame.


Stella Gibbons

Stella Dorothea Gibbons (5 January 1902 – 19 December 1989) was an English author and poet. She won the Prix Femina for her novel "Cold Comfort Farm".

Cold Comfort Farm (movie)

Cold Comfort Farm is a British comedy movie from 1995. It was directed by John Schlesinger. It is based on Stella Gibbons' book of the same name. The movie stars Kate Beckinsale, Joanna Lumley, Ian McKellen and Rufus Sewell. It was first shown on the BBC on 1 January 1995.

Claude Gagnière

Claude Gagnière (January 20, 1928 – September 12, 2003) was a French writer. He was born in Alès.

He died in Paris. After he died he was awarded the prize of the Bouquinistes for all his work in 2004.


Gay bar

Gay bars are drinking establishments that cater to lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender people. The term "gay" is used as an inclusive concept for LGBT communities. Gay bars once served as the centre of gay culture. They were one of the few places people with same-sex orientations and gender-variant identities could openly socialize. Other names include "boy bar", "girl bar", "lesbian bar" or "dyke bar".

The Stonewall Inn in New York City is one example of a gay/lesbian bar. The gay rights movement was born there.

Stonewall Inn

The Stonewall Inn (or just Stonewall) is a gay/lesbian tavern and recreational bar in New York City. It was also the site of the 1969 Stonewall riots. The original inn closed in 1969. In 1990, a bar named "Stonewall" opened in the western half of the original location.

In June 2015, the Stonewall received an official landmark status from New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission for its role as the catalyst of the LGBT movement. It is the first landmark in New York City that has been recognized due to its status in LGBT history.

<br>

Dow Chemical

Dow Chemical is a company which has its headquarters in the United States. It is the second-largest producer of chemicals in the world, after BASF.

German Academic Exchange Service

The German Academic Exchange Service (, or DAAD) is an organisation in Germany. It is the largest German support organisation in the field of international academic co-operation. It was founded on 1 January 1925. It closed in 1945, but was refounded in 1950.

The DAAD headquarters are in Bonn. There are 15 international regional branch offices. They provide information and advice on study and research opportunities and available grants. The German Academic Exchange Service is mainly funded by the Foreign Office of Germany and the European Union. In 2012, the DAAD received 407.4 million Euro.



Jorge Lepra

Jorge Alberto Lepra Loiodice (4 September 1942 – 4 January 2016) was a Uruguayan diplomat and politician. He was Ministry of Industry, Energy and Mining from 2005 to 2008. He was also Ambassador to France from 2008 to 2010. He was born in Montevideo.

Lepra died from heart failure on 4 January 2016 in Montevideo. He was 73.

Venice Film Festival

The Venice Film Festival is a festival held in Venice, Italy. It is held every year. It is the world's oldest movie festival. It dates back to 1932.

The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh

The Cartoons Show is an animated children's television show. It was shown on the Kideo from 1988 to 1993. In the opening theme and 1989 and 1991 ending theme (that sounds similar to the opening theme), the Fantasia patch "Fantasia" (that sounds like the Roland D-50 patch "Fantasia") was heard. This show is on Disney Channel in other countries.

Golden Bear

The Golden Bear is the highest prize given at the Berlin International Film Festival (often known as Berlinale).

International standard

International standard is a guidance made by international organizations to be considered and used around the world. The standard can be used directly or with small changes to suit the local conditions. International standard is used as one of the way to ease technical differences and barriers for international trading which caused by different regulations about technical aspects by each country.



Gandaki Zone

Gandaki zone (), was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal. It was located in the Western Development Region.

Gandaki zone was divided into 6 districts. They are

Autotransformer

An Autotransformer (sometimes called autostep down transformer) is a transformer which has only one winding. The "auto" (Greek for "self") prefix refers to the single coil acting on itself and not to any kind of automatic mechanism. The winding acts as both primary winding and secondary winding in a normal transformer. Since part of the winding does "double duty", autotransformers have the advantages of often being smaller, lighter, and cheaper than typical dual-winding transformers. The disadvantage of an autotransformer include not providing electrical isolation between the primary winding and the secondary winding. There is also a higher possibility of short circuits due to low impedance.

Autotransformers are used in power transmission, power distribution, audio, rail transport, etc. Autotransformers are often used to step up (increase) or step down (decrease) voltages in the 110–120 V range and in the 220–240 V range.

<br>

Silvana Pampanini

Silvana Pampanini (25 September 1925 – 6 January 2016) was an Italian actress. She was Miss Italy in 1946. She began her acting career in 1947. She appeared in over sixty movies, mostly comedies. Her final acting role was in 1999.

Pampanini was born in Rome. She was never married and had no children. She was the niece of Rosetta Pampanini.

Pampanini died on 6 January 2016 in Rome, aged 90.

National Archive Department of Azerbaijan

The National Archive Department of the Republic of Azerbaijan () is the national archive of Azerbaijan. It is a governmental agency within the government of Azerbaijan in charge of managing, maintaining, protecting and updating national archives of the Azerbaijani nation state. The archive houses documents, maps, stamps, audio tapes, video clips, photographs and special publications. It was established on December 2, 2002. It is in the capital city Baku.



Antonio Carrizo

Antonio Carrozzi Abasca (15 September 1926 – 1 January 2016), better known as Antonio Carrizo, was an Argentine radio host, actor and television presenter. He worked for the radio station Radio El Mundo and Radio Rivadavia. He hosted shows on many channels including Canal 7. He appeared in the movies "El barro humano" (1955), "El noveno mandamiento" (1963) and "Muchachos impacientes" (1966).

Carrizo was born in General Villegas, Buenos Aires Province. He had a stoke in 2008. He died on 1 January 2016 in Buenos Aires, aged 89.

Tommy Sale (rugby league)

Tommy Sale (21 July 1918 – 3 January 2016) was an English rugby league player. He played for Leigh Centurions and Widnes Vikings. He later coached Leigh.

Amby Fogarty

Ambrose Gerald "Amby" Fogarty (11 September 1933 – 3 January 2016) was an Irish football player and manager. He played as a midfielder from 1953 to 1975. He played for Bohemians, Glentoran, Sunderland, Hartlepool United, Cork Celtic, Cork Hibernian and the national team. He also managed Cork Hibernians, Cork Celtic, Drumcondra, Limerick and Athlone Town.

Fogarty was born in Dublin. He died on 3 January 2016 at the age of 82.

John Roberts (footballer, born 1946)

John Griffiths Roberts (11 September 1946 – 4 January 2016) was an Welsh football player and manager. He played as a defender from 1964 to 1983. He played for Swansea Town, Northampton Town, Arsenal, Birmingham City, Wrexham, Hull City and the national team. He was a player manager of Oswestry Town from 1982 to 1983.

Roberts was born in Abercynon, Rhondda Cynon Taff. He died on 4 January 2016 at the age of 69.

S. H. Kapadia

Sarosh Homi Kapadia (29 September 1947 – 4 January 2016) was an Indian politician and lawyer. He served as the 38th Chief Justice of India from 12 May 2010 until 28 September 2012. He was born in Mumbai and was Parsi.

Kapadia died from cardiac arrest on 4 January 2016 in Mumbai, aged 68.

Christy O'Connor Jnr

Christy O'Connor Jnr (19 August 1948 – 6 January 2016) was an Irish golfer. He turned professional in 1967. He played in the Ryder Cup twice.

O'Connor was born in Galway, County Galway. He was married to Ann and had three children. His uncle was golfer Christy O'Connor Snr, who died in May 2016.

O'Connor died on 6 January 2016 in Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain, aged 67.

British Rail Class 800

The Class 800 "Hitachi Super Express" is a new train built by Hitachi to replace old InterCity 125 and InterCity 225. The class 800 will use diesel fuel and electricity. The 801 trains will be electric-only. The trains can run at a speed of 125mph (200kmph). They can reduce the travel time between London, Leeds, Newcastle and Edinburgh by as much as 18 minutes. One train, a test version of the Hitachi Class 800 Super Express, has arrived from Japan. A new Manufacturing plant will produce 122 trains in the coming years. It will create 730 new jobs. In 2017 the first trains will run on the Great Western Railway main line. In 2018 they will run on the East Coast Main Line.

<br>

Masaryk University

Masaryk University (; ) is a university in Brno, Czech Republic. It was created in 1919. It is named for Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk, the first president of Czechoslovakia. He wanted to have a second Czech university (until then, the only Czech university was Charles University in Prague). The Palacký University in Olomouc had been closed. The university has nine faculties and about 35,000 students. Between 1960 and 1990, the university used the name of Jan Evangelista Purkyně, a Czech scientist. Masaryk University is member of the Compostela Group and the Utrecht Network of universities.


Nino Manfredi

Saturnino "Nino" Manfredi (; 22 March 1921 – 4 June 2004) was an Italian actor. He was born in Lazio, Italy. He was also a movie and stage director, screenwriter, playwright, comedian, singer, author, radio and television presenter.

During his career he won many awards, including six David di Donatello awards, six Nastro d'Argento awards and the Prix de la première oeuvre (Best First Work Award) at the 1971 Cannes Film Festival for "Between Miracles". He is thought to be the greatest Italian actor of all time.

Manfredi died from complications from a stroke at his home in Rome, Italy, aged 83.


Andres Rodríguez

Andres Rodríguez (11 May 1984 – 4 January 2016) was a Venezuelan businessman and an international show jumping competitor. He was born in Caracas, Venezuela. 

His achievements included the team silver medal at the 2005 Bolivarian Games, the team bronze medal at the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games, an individual silver medal at the 2015 Pan American Games of Toronto, and was qualified to the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, but died before the event. 

Rodríguez was killed in a car crash near Wellington, Florida, aged 31.

Marvin Minsky

Marvin Lee Minsky (August 9, 1927 – January 24, 2016) was an American cognitive scientist in the field of artificial intelligence (AI). He was the co-founder of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's AI laboratory, and author of several texts on AI and philosophy. He won the Turing Award in 1969.

Minskey was born in New York City, New York. He studied at Phillips Academy, Harvard University and at Princeton University. Minskey died in Boston, Massachusetts of a cerebral hemorrhage on January 24, 2016 at the age of 88. His body is chronologically frozen in Scottsdale, Arizona.


Charles Bachman

Charles William "Charlie" Bachman III (December 11, 1924 – July 13, 2017) was an American computer scientist. He spent his entire career as an industrial researcher, developer, and manager rather than in academia. He is particularly known for his work in the early development of database management systems. The Bachman diagrams are named after him. He won the Turing Award in 1973.

Bachman died on July 13, 2017 at his home in Lexington, Massachusetts of Parkinson's disease at the age of 92.

Turing Award

The ACM A.M. Turing Award is an annual prize given by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) to "an individual selected for contributions of a technical nature made to the computing community". It is named after Alan Turing and is given each year in New York City. It is the highest award that could be given to a computer scientist. and the "Nobel Prize of computing".

The first Turing Award was given in 1966 to Alan Perlis, a teacher at Carnegie Mellon University. It has been given every year since.

The first recipient, in 1966, was Alan Perlis, of Carnegie Mellon University. Frances E. Allen of IBM, in 2006, was the first female recipient in the award's forty-year history.


Niklaus Wirth

Niklaus Emil Wirth (15 February 1934 – 1 January 2024) was a Swiss computer scientist. He was best known for designing several programming languages, including Pascal, and for creating several classic topics in software engineering. 

In 1984 he won the Turing Award, which is seen as the highest award in computer science. He won the award for creating a sequence of important computer languages.

Wirth died on 1 January 2024 at the age of 89.

Richard M. Karp

Richard Manning Karp (born January 3, 1935) is an American computer scientist and computational theorist at the University of California, Berkeley. He is known for his research in the theory of algorithms, for which he received a Turing Award in 1985, The Benjamin Franklin Medal in Computer and Cognitive Science in 2004, and the Kyoto Prize in 2008. 

He work includes solving problems of combinatorial optimization (mostly network flow), asking questions about what an efficient algorithm looks like, and works about algorithmic complexity theory. 


William Kahan

William Morton Kahan (born June 5, 1933) is a Canadian mathematician and computer scientist. He received the Turing Award in 1989 for ""his fundamental contributions to numerical analysis"." He was named an ACM Fellow in 1994, and added to the National Academy of Engineering in 2005.


Fernando J. Corbató

Fernando José "Corby" Corbató (July 1, 1926 – July 12, 2019) was an American computer scientist. He was known as a pioneer in the development of time-sharing operating systems and for creating the password system for computers.

Among many awards, Corbató received the Turing Award in 1990, "for his pioneering work in organizing the concepts and leading the development of the general-purpose, large-scale, time-sharing and resource-sharing computer systems".

In 2012, he was made a Fellow of the Computer History Museum "for his pioneering work on timesharing and the Multics operating system".

Corbató died on July 12, 2019 in Newburyport, Massachusetts from problems caused by diabetes at the age of 93.


Juris Hartmanis

Juris Hartmanis (July 5, 1928 – July 29, 2022) was a Latvian-born American computer scientist and computational theorist. Hartmanis with Richard E. Stearns, received the 1993 ACM Turing Award "in recognition of their seminal paper which established the foundations for the field of computational complexity theory".

Hartmanis died on July 29, 2022 at the age of 94.


Fred Brooks

Frederick Phillips Brooks, Jr. (April 19, 1931 – November 17, 2022) was an American computer architect, software engineer, and computer scientist.

He is best known for managing the development of IBM's System/360 family of computers alongside Gerrit Blaauw and Gene Amdahl and the OS/360 software support package, then later writing candidly about the process in his seminal book "The Mythical Man-Month". Brooks has received many awards, including the National Medal of Technology in 1985 and the Turing Award in 1999.

Brooks was born in Durham, North Carolina. He studied Duke University, graduating in 1953 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics, and he received a Ph.D. in Applied Mathematics (Computer Science) from Harvard University in 1956, supervised by Howard Aiken.

Frances E. Allen

Frances Elizabeth "Fran" Allen (August 4, 1932 – August 4, 2020) was an American computer scientist and pioneer in the field of optimizing compilers. Her achievements include seminal work in compilers, code optimization, and parallelization. She also had a role in intelligence work on programming languages and security codes for the National Security Agency.

Allen was the first female IBM Fellow and in 2006 became the first woman to win the Turing Award.

Allen died on her 88th birthday on August 4, 2020 in Schenectady, New York from Alzheimer's disease-related problems.


Alexandra Daddario

Alexandra Anna Daddario (born March 16, 1986) is an American actress and model. 

She was born in New York City. She was born in the Upper East Side of Manhattan. Her brother is actor Matthew Daddario. Her sister is actress Catharine Daddario. Her paternal grandfather was politician Emilio Q. Daddario. She lives in Los Angeles.

Daddario is perhaps known best for playing the character Annabeth Chase in "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" , and Blake in the movie "San Andreas". She has also played Heather Miller in the 2013 movie "Texas Chainsaw 3D" and Summer Quinn in "Baywatch" (2017). 

Alexandra Daddario is an American actress born on March 16, 1986, in . Her parents are Christina and Richard Daddario, and she has a younger brother named Matthew Daddario, who is also an actor.

Growing up, Alexandra attended the Brearley School, a prestigious all-girls school located in . She then went on to study at the Professional Children's School, which is a school for young performers.

After graduating from high school, Alexandra attended Marymount Manhattan College, where she studied acting. While in college, she appeared in several stage productions, including "The Importance of Being Earnest" and "A Midsummer Night's Dream."

In addition to her studies, Alexandra also started to pursue a career in acting. She made her television debut in 2002 on the daytime soap opera "All My Children." Over the next few years, she appeared in a number of television shows and movies, including "Law & Order," "White Collar," and "The Squid and the Whale."

Despite her busy acting schedule, Alexandra remained dedicated to her education and graduated from Marymount Manhattan College with a degree in acting in 2008.


Tom Allin

Thomas William "Tom" Allin (27 November 1987 – 4 January 2016) was an English cricketer. He was a right-arm medium-fast pace bowler who also batted right-handed. He played for Warwickshire. He was born in Bideford, Devon.

Allin died on 4 January 2016 in Bideford, aged 28. He jumped to his death off a bridge.


Nivaria Tejera

Nivaria Tejera (30 September 1929 – 6 January 2016) was a Cuban poet and novelist. She was awarded the Seix Barral Biblioteca Breve prize in 1971 for her novel "Sonámbulo del sol". Her book, "The Ravine" (2007), is based on her early life.

Tejera was born in Cienfuegos, Cienfuegos Province. Her mother was Cuban and her father was Spanish. She grew up in Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain. She lived in Paris, France until her death.

Tejera died from pancreatic cancer on 6 January 2016 in Paris, aged 86.

Percy Freeman

Ronald Peter "Percy" Freeman (4 July 1945 – 5 January 2016) was an English footballer. He played as a forward. He played for Lincoln City, West Bromwich Albion, Reading, Stourbridge and Boston United. He was born in Newark-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire.

Freeman died after an illness on 5 January 2016, aged 70.

Sonderkommando photographs

The "Sonderkommando" photographs are four blurry pictures, taken secretly on 4 August 1944 inside the Auschwitz concentration camp during World War II. The photographs were taken by a prisoner in Auschwitz II-Birkenau. This was Auschwitz's extermination camp - a place where people were sent to be killed in gas chambers. These are some of the only known photos that show what happened around the gas chambers.

The photographer was a member of the "Sonderkommando", a group of inmates forced to work in and around the gas chambers. He took two photos from inside one of the gas chambers and two from outside. To keep from being caught, he had to aim the camera from his hip and was not able to focus the camera. The Polish resistance (a movement of Polish people fighting against the Nazis) snuck the camera film out of the camp in a toothpaste tube.

The photographs were numbered 280–283 by the Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum. Numbers 280 and 281 show the cremation of dead bodies in a fire pit. Number 283 just shows trees (since the photographer could not see where he was aiming the camera, he aimed too high for this photo). Number 282 shows a group of naked women just before they went into the gas chamber.

Nobody knows for sure who took the photographs. Many records say he was called "Alex," and was a Jewish inmate from Greece. "Alex" may have been Alberto Errera, an officer from the Greek navy; he was shot and killed after hitting an SS officer. (The SS - "Schutzstaffel" - were the Nazi military organization that ran the concentration camps.)

Other members of the "Sonderkommando" in the camp's crematorium helped get and hide the camera Alex used. They were also look-outs (they watched the SS to find the safest time for Alex to take the pictures.)

One of these men was Alter Fajnzylberg, who had worked the camp's crematoria since July 1943. He once described how the photos were taken:

The film was snuck out of the camp by the Polish resistance. It was hidden inside a tube of toothpaste by Helena Dantón, who worked in the SS canteen (camp store). Attached to the film was a note dated 4 September 1944, asking that the film be developed right away.

The "Sonderkommando" photographs were one in many acts of resistance against the Nazis and the war crimes they committed during the Holocaust.



Mustafa al-Maraghi

Muhammad Mustafa al-Maraghi (1881–1945; ) was an Egyptian modernist reformer and rector of al-Azhar in the 1930s. He was one of the students of Muhammad 'Abduh. He called for social, legal and educational changes and pursued a strong campaign - begun by Muhammad 'Abduh and finished by Mahmoud Shaltout - to include the modern sciences in al-Azhar's curriculum. To that end he organised committees to reform the university's regulations and curriculum and created a supervisory department for research whose responsibilities included publishing and translation.

Mustafa al-Maraghi was the link between the reforms of his mentor Muhammad Abduh and such subsequent leaders of al-Azhar as Mustafa Abd al-Raziq, Abdel-Halim Mahmoud and Mahmoud Shaltout. As a reformer, al-Maraghi believed in Islam's flexibility and ability to adapt to the needs of modernity. He called for the exercise of ijtihad (independent reasoning/interpretation), reinterpretation, and opposed taqlid (imitation or emulation), the blind following of tradition. And he attributed the religious, moral, intellectual, and political decline of Islamic peoples to the adherence to taqlid and the lack of ijtihad. He said that after the first three centuries, ijma' (consensus of the Muslim community or scholars for resolving legal questions) was impossible, because scholars were so scattered in the East and West that usually it was not possible to collect their opinions.

Mufti Mohammad Sayeed

Mufti Mohammad Sayeed (12 January 1936 – 7 January 2016) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the People's Democratic Party (PDP). He served as the Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir from 2 November 2002 until 2 November 2005 and, again, from 1 March 2015 until his death.

Sayeed was born in Bijbehara, Kashmir and Jammu. He was a Kashmiri Muslim. He was married and had three children.

Sayeed died from multiple organ failure on 7 January 2016 in New Delhi, aged 79.

Sergey Shustikov

Sergey Viktorovich Shustikov (; 30 September 1970 – 7 January 2016) was a Russian football player and manager. He played for Torpedo Moscow, Racing de Santander, CSKA Moscow, Osasuna and Moscow. He managed FC Solyaris Moscow from 2014 until his death.

Shustikov was born in Moscow. He is the son of Viktor Shustikov. His son Sergey (born 1989) is a footballer.

Shustikov died on 7 January 2016 at the age of 45.

Michael Purcell

Michael Peter "Mick" Purcell (6 September 1945 – 5 January 2016) was an Australian rugby union player. He played as a flanker and lock. He played three games for the Wallabies in 1966. He also played for the Queensland Reds.

Purcell was born in Brisbane, Queensland. He was married and had two children.

Purcell died on 5 January 2016 in Brisbane, aged 70.

Agathemera

Agathemera (the chinchemolle) is a phasmid insect from Chile and Argentina. It is famous for its intense odor, which is its main defence.

It is notable for its sexual dimorphism. Females are much bigger than males, at 75mm long and 16mm wide in the thorax.

This phasmid is an evolutionary isolate. It is alone in its suborder, and there are few publications about it.

Hyundai Veracruz

The Hyundai Veracruz was a mid-size CUV sold by Korean automaker Hyundai. It was introduced in South Korea on October 12, 2006. The Veracruz went on sale in March 2007 and was Hyundai's largest crossover (CUV). It replaced the mid-size SUV, the Hyundai Terracan. The Veracruz was built on a Hyundai Santa Fe platform. The revamped 2011 Veracruz was based on the same platform as the Kia Sorento.

The Veracruz offered third row seating and came with all-wheel drive. Hyundai discontinued the Veracruz internationally in 2013 and introduced a long wheelbase version of the Santa Fe.

The Veracruz was discontinued in 2015.

<br>

Thameslink and Great Northern

Thameslink and Great Northern is a train company managed by Go-Ahead and Keolis that run the Thameslink line and the Great Northern routes. The routes were previously operated by First Capital Connect.

Cubic inch

The cubic inch is a unit of measurement for volume in the Imperial units and United States customary units systems. It is the volume of a cube with each of its three dimensions (length, width, and depth) being one inch long.

The cubic inch and the cubic foot are still used as units of volume in the United States. One popular use is for engine capacity, also called cubic inch displacement. The common SI units of volume, the liter, milliliter, and cubic meter, are also used, especially in manufacturing and high technology. One cubic foot is equal to exactly 1,728 cubic inches because 12 = 1,728. One cubic inch equals 16.39 cubic centimeters.

United States Forest Service

The United States Forest Service (USFS) is an agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture that administers the nation's 154 National Forests. They also manage 20 National Grasslands, which encompass . Major divisions of the agency include the National Forest System, State and Private Forestry, Business Operations, and the Research and Development branch. Managing approximately 25% of federal lands, it is the only major national land agency that is outside the U.S. Department of Interior.

In 1876, Congress created the office of Special agent in the Department of Agriculture to find out the quality and conditions of forests in the United States. Franklin B. Hough was appointed the head of the office. In 1881, the office was expanded into the newly formed Division of Forestry. The Forest Reserve Act of 1891 authorized withdrawing land from the public domain as "forest reserves," managed by the Department of the Interior. In 1901, the Division of Forestry was renamed the Bureau of Forestry. The Transfer Act of 1905 transferred the management of forest reserves from the General Land Office of the Interior Department to the Bureau of Forestry. It was from that time on known as the United States Forest Service. Gifford Pinchot was the first United States Chief Forester in the Presidency of Theodore Roosevelt.

Significant federal legislation affecting the Forest Service includes the Weeks Act of 1911, the Multiple Use – Sustained Yield Act of 1960, P.L. 86-517; the Wilderness Act, P.L. 88-577; the National Forest Management Act, P.L. 94-588; the National Environmental Policy Act, P.L. 91-190; the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act, P.L. 95-313; and the Forest and Rangelands Renewable Resources Planning Act, P.L. 95-307.

In February 2009, the Government Accountability Office decided whether the Forest Service should be moved from the Department of Agriculture to the Department of the Interior, which already includes the National Park Service, the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Bureau of Land Management, managing some of public land.

Dodge Power Wagon

The Dodge Power Wagon was a four wheel drive light truck that was produced in various model series from 1945 to 1981 by Dodge. It was also produced as a nameplate for the Dodge Ram from 2005 to 2013, and, most recently, as an individual model marketed by Ram Trucks.

The original version was based on Dodge's 3/4 ton WC series of World War II military trucks. The civilian Power Wagon continued the production of four wheel drive trucks from the 1930s. It is a significant predecessor to the many four wheel drive trucks in modern use today.

As a version of the Dodge 3/4 ton WC series World War II military trucks, the Power Wagon was introduced in 1946 as the first civilian 4×4. It was meant to compete with military-based Ford/Marmon-Herrington and GMC trucks. The Power Wagon had an enclosed all-weather cab and an 8-foot cargo bed. It had a 126 inch (3,200 mm) up to a 147" wheelbase chassis. The Power Wagon had a 230 cubic inch flathead inline-six engine. It had a two-speed transfer case. It came with a 4-speed manual transmission with a power take off (PTO) which would send power front or rear for operating auxiliary equipment. It had 9.00/16-8 ply tires on 16×6.50 inch 5-bolt wheels. In 1961 the 230 engine was replaced with the 251 cubic-inch flat head six. 

The one-ton rated Power Wagon's gross vehicle weight rating (GVWR) was 8,700 pounds. Its maximum payload was 3,000 pounds. It was discontinued in 1968 (against the wishes of the United States Forest Service) due to the expense of new safety and emission requirements. They were, however, exported until 1978.
In 1967, Dodge released a Power Wagon pickup version better suited for the pickup truck market. It was based on Dodge's pickup truck line. A big-block 383 V8 engines became an option starting in 1967. From 1961 to 1971 the body was called the "Sweptline". It then offered a more modern body image from 1972 through 1980 with varied grilles and paint colors. In 1975, the 4-wheel drive became full-time with a 2-speed transfer case. This was changed back to part-time 4-wheel drive in 1980 due to the energy crisis. A huge boost in sales followed the 1974 release of the extended "Club Cab," popular with families and camper towing. The 4-door Crew Cab was far less common and is quite desirable for collectors. Utility and function was unmatched by few competing models, as the towing, payload, and snow plowing capacity of the Power Wagon equipped with "Dana 60" 8-lug axles was very popular with road maintenance crews.

The Power Wagon was sold through the 1980 model year. A number of engineering and styling improvements were made over the years as the truck grew in size and weight but the basic truck remained generally constant throughout its life and underwent one last major body change in 1972.
For 2005, Dodge brought back the Power Wagon name on a version of the Dodge Ram 2500. It was a special off-road version of the Ram 2500 with a 5.7L Hemi V8 as the only engine option. The truck interior remain similar to standard production Ram. As of 2010, the Power Wagon was only available as a Crew Cab Short Bed model. As of 2014, the engine was upgraded to a 6.4L Hemi. The 2014 RAM 2500 Power Wagon got coil springs at all four corners. It is available only with the six-speed automatic transmission.

Chrysler Hemi engine

The Chrysler Hemi engine, known by the trademark Hemi nickname, is a series of V6 and V8 engines built by Chrysler with a hemispherical combustion chamber. Three different types of Hemi engines have been built by Chrysler for automobiles. The first (known as the Chrysler FirePower engine) from 1951 to 1958. The second type was made from 1964 to 1971. The third beginning in 2003. Although Chrysler is most identified with the use of "Hemi" as marketing term, many other auto and truck manufacturers have used similar designs. In general the Hemi engines are smaller and more powerful than older engine designs. They are also less expensive to build. They can produce a great amount of torque and horsepower for their size.

During the 1970s and 1980s, Chrysler also used the "Hemi" name for their Australian-made Hemi-6 Engine and applied it to the 4-cylinder Mitsubishi 2.6L engine. It was installed in various North American market vehicles.

Severnaya Zemlya

Severnaya Zemlya is an group of islands of about 30 islands in the Arctic Ocean. The islands were known as "Emperor Nicholas II Land". Severnaya Zemlya was first noted in 1913 and first charted in 1930–32, making it the last group of islands on Earth to be discovered. Politically, the islands are part of Russia's Krasnoyarsk Krai region, but are uninhabited by humans except for an Arctic base. There is a meteorological station on Golomjanny island. Scientists live there for some months of the year.

Severnaya Zemlya splits the Arctic sea into an western part, called Laptev Sea, and an eastern part, called Kara Sea.

A phenomenon called Arctic sea ice decline can be shown on the islands: In the 20th century, the islands were a portion of Eurasia which was always covered by ice. Even as the ice melted in summer, some of the ice remained, and blocked what is called the Northeast Passage. If it were ice free the Northeast passage would permit to naviagate from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean easily. By the late summer of 2012, the permanent ice had reached a record low extent and open water appeared to the north of the archipelago.

Hyundai Elantra

Hyundai Elantra is a compact car sold by Korean automaker Hyundai. It has been sold since 1990. The Elantra is also sold as the Avante in other parts of the world. The car is now in its sixth generation. Beginning in 2012 it was also offered as a coupé model.

The Hyundai Elantra sedan (Lantra in some markets), created as an alternative to available Japanese cars, was launched in 1990. Then Elantra had three restyling. The biggest one was held in 1993, the front and rear bumpers, front and rear lighting have been changed and the cabin was upgraded.

The second Lantra appeared in 1995. The body was now with a smooth design and had a two-side zincing.

In 1998, during the modernization, form of optics, bumpers and hood were changed.

In 2000, the production of the Lantra model was closed, and the Elantra model appeared. It was made at factories in Ulsan and Beijing until 2006.

Hyundai offers Hyundai i30 called Elantra Touring Universal in the United States and Canada. In other countries, the car is sold as Hyundai i30 CW.

In 2012, a sedan base coupe called "Hyundai Elantra Coupe", which is sold exclusively in the United States, was introduced.

In September 2015, the sixth generation of Hyundai Elantra called "Avante" appeared in South Korea.

Sedan Hyundai Elantra (Avante in South Korea) debuted in Hollywood on March 18, 2020.


Alfredo &quot;Chocolate&quot; Armenteros

Alfredo "Chocolate" Armenteros (4 April 1928 – 6 January 2016) was a Cuban trumpeter. He has played with artists such as Arsenio Rodríguez, Generoso Jiménez, Chico O'Farrill, Orchestra Harlow, Eddie Palmieri and Cachao. He was known for making Afro-Cuban jazz, Latin jazz and salsa more popular in the United States where he lived. He was sometimes called "Cuban Louis Armstrong".

Armenteros was born in Santa Clara, Las Villas. He was married eight times, and had nine children, one son and eight daughters.

Armenteros died from prostate cancer on 6 January 2016 in New York City. He was 87.

Kitty Kallen

Kitty Kallen (born Katherine Kalinsky; May 25, 1921 – January 7, 2016) was an American popular singer whose career spanned from the 1930s to the 1960s—to include the Swing era of the Big Band years. She was best known for her 1954 solo recording '"Little Things Mean a Lot". 

Kallen died on January 7, 2016 at her home in Cuernavaca, Mexico at the age of 94.


Florence King

Florence Virginia King (January 5, 1936 – January 6, 2016) was an American novelist, essayist and columnist. She was born in Washington, D.C.. She was known for writing about the American South and worked for the "National Review". She was a conservative columnist.

King died one day after her birthday on January 6, 2016 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 80.

Pat Harrington Jr.

Daniel Patrick "Pat" Harrington, Jr. (August 13, 1929 – January 6, 2016) was an American voice, stage, and television actor. He was best known for his role as building Superintendent Schneider on the CBS sitcom "One Day at a Time". He won an Emmy Award for the role.

Harrington was born in New York City. His father, Pat Harrington, Sr., was also an actor. He was married twice. He had Alzheimer's disease.

Harrington fell in early November 2015. He had a small brain hemorrhage. He died on January 6, 2016 in Los Angeles, California, aged 86.

Lev Nikolayevich Korolyov

Lev Nikolayevich Korolyov (also Korolev, ; September 6, 1926 – January 5, 2016) was a Soviet-born Russian computer scientist. He was a corresponding member of the USSR Academy of Sciences. He was involved in the development of the first Soviet computers.

Korolyov was born in Podolsk, Russia. He studied at Moscow State University. Korolyov died at his home in Moscow, Russia at the age of 89.


Marc Alaimo

Marc Alaimo (born Michael Anthony Alaimo; May 5, 1942) is an American actor. He is known for his villainous roles. He is best known for his role as recurring villain Gul Dukat in the TV series "". He guest-starred in a "Family Guy" episode in which he played "The Dean". 

Alaimo was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley

Henry Stewart or Stuart, Duke of Albany (7 December 1545 – 10 February 1567), styled Lord Darnley before 1565, was king consort of Scotland from 1565 until his murder at Kirk o' Field in 1567. He is usually called Lord Darnley. He was the father of James VI and I. 

Darnley was the second son of Matthew Stewart, 4th Earl of Lennox, and his wife, Lady Margaret Douglas. He was their oldest surviving son. Darnley's maternal grandparents were Archibald Douglas, 6th Earl of Angus, and Margaret Tudor, widow of James IV of Scotland. It is the common belief that Henry Stewart was born on 7 December, but this is disputed. He was a first cousin and the second husband of Mary, Queen of Scots, and was the father of her son James VI of Scotland, who succeeded Elizabeth I of England as James I.

Darnley was found dead outdoors, dressed for bed, after an explosion near his bedroom. Many people thought the Queen had arranged his murder.

Klaas Bakker

Klaas Bakker (22 April 1926 – 7 January 2016) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a midfielder and striker. He played for De Volewijckers between 1943 and 1951. He later played for Ajax until 1957. He was born in Amsterdam, North Holland.

Bakker died on 7 January 2016 in Amstelveen, aged 89.

Sol Polansky

Sol Polansky (November 7, 1926 – January 6, 2016) was an American diplomat. He served as the Ambassador to Bulgaria from 1987 until 1990. He joined the United States Foreign Service in 1957. While in the Foreign Service, he was stationed in the Soviet Union, Poland, West Germany, East Germany and Austria.

Polansky was born Newark, New Jersey. He studied at the University of California, Berkeley and Columbia University.

Polansky died after a long illness on January 6, 2016, aged 89.

Valerio Zanone

Valerio Zanone (22 January 1936 – 7 January 2016) was an Italian politician. He was secretary and president of the Italian Liberal Party. He was also a senator of the Democratic Party. He was mayor of Turin from 30 July 1990 until 31 December 1991. He was born in Turin, Piedmont.

Zanone died on 7 January 2016 in Rome, aged 79.

Yves Vincent

Yves Fred Vincent (5 August 1921 – 6 January 2016) was a French movie and television actor. He appeared in "Sins of Rome" (1953), "Babette Goes to War" (1959), "Muriel" (1963), "Le gendarme se marie" (1968) and "Hibernatus" (1969). 

Vincent was born in Thônes, Haute-Savoie. He spent much time growing up in Algiers, Algeria. He was married twice and had three children.

Vincent died on 6 January 2016 at the age of 94.

Sian Blake

Sian Samantha Blake (13 September 1972 – 14 or 15 December 2015), also known as Syan Blake, was a British actress. She was best known for playing Frankie Pierre on the television show "EastEnders", appearing in 56 episodes between 1996 and 1997. She also appeared "Casualty", "The Bill" and "Skins". She voiced Yugiri in the 2015 video game "".

Blake was born in Walthamstow, London. She had two sons with her partner Arthur Simpson-Kent. She had motor neurone disease.

Blake, aged 43, went missing in December 2015 with her sons. Their dead bodies were found on 5 January 2016 in Erith, London. They all died from head and neck injuries. In February 2016, Simpson-Kent was charged with three counts of murder and was remanded in custody.

White-bellied sea eagle

The white-bellied sea eagle ("Haliaeetus leucogaster"), is also known as the white-breasted sea eagle. It is a large daytime bird of prey in the family Accipitridae. It is closely related to Sanford's sea eagle of the Solomon Islands. 

It is a distinctive bird, with a white belly, white head, breast, under-wing coverts and tail. The upper parts are grey. The black under-wing flight feathers contrast with the white coverts. The tail is short and wedge-shaped as in all "Haliaeetus" species. Like many raptors, the female is slightly larger than the male, and can be long with a wingspan of up to , and weigh . Immature birds have brown plumage, which is gradually replaced with white by the age of five or six years. Its call is a loud goose-like honking.

The bird lives in India and Sri Lanka through Southeast Asia to Australia on coasts and major waterways. It breeds and hunts near water, and fish form around half of its diet. 

Opportunistic, it eats carrion and a wide variety of animals. Although rated of "Least Concern" globally, it has declined in parts of southeast Asia. It is ranked as "Threatened" in Victoria and "Vulnerable" in South Australia and Tasmania. Human disturbance to its habitat is the main threat. The white-bellied sea eagle is revered by indigenous people in many parts of Australia, and is the subject of various folk tales throughout its range.

Off-road vehicle

An off-road vehicle is generally any type of vehicle which can be used for driving on and off paved or gravel surface. Off-road vehicles generally have large tires with deep, open treads and a flexible suspension. Off-road vehicles should not be confused with off-highway vehicles. These are not designed to be used on highways and are capable of traveling cross-country over rough land, marsh, swamps, ice or snow.

Off-road vehicles have a large following because of their many uses and versatility. Several types of motorsports involve racing off-road vehicles. The three largest "4-wheel vehicle" off-road types of competitions are mud racing, desert racing, and rockcrawling. The most common use of these vehicles is for sight seeing in areas distant from paved roads. The use of higher clearance and higher traction vehicles allows access on trails and forest roads that have rough and low traction surfaces.

Rockcrawling is an extreme form of off road driving. Drivers use vehicles anywhere from stock to highly modified to overcome obstacles (usually rocks). In rock crawling, drivers drive highly modified four-wheel drive vehicles such as trucks, Jeeps, and "buggies" over very harsh terrain. Driving locations include boulders, mountain foothills, rock piles, mountain trails, etc. Rock crawling is about slow-speed, careful driving. Rock crawlers often drive up, down and across obstacles that would appear impassable. Such vehicles to rock climb are primarily 4x4s.

Rock crawling competitions range from local events to national series. A rock crawling competition consists of obstacle courses that are about 100-200 yards long. Each obstacle is set up with gates, similar to a ski course.

In the United States and elsewhere off-road vehicles should be ridden only on roads, trails and areas open to off-road travel. At the request of the United States Forest Service, Tread Lightly! created the "RIDE ON" program reminding off-roaders to “RIDE ON Designated Routes”. This was to prevent unregulated motor vehicle travel on public lands. Most US states and other Federal government agencies have similar laws and regulations to safeguard the environment. Tread Lightly!s message of traveling only on existing roads or trails is also designed to prevent social conflicts such as having entire areas closed to off-road travel. 

RAM Rebel truck

The Ram Rebel is a full-size pickup truck made by FCA US LLC (formerly Chrysler Group LLC). The Rebel is a new model for 2015. It has a new grille and tailgate which are different than the regular Ram Trucks. The Ram 1500 Rebel is not just a decal package. It is designed for use both on-road and off-road. The Rebel has features that are standard that would otherwise have to be added by the owner for off-road performance.

The Rebel is available only in the 1500 (half-ton) truck series. It features a blacked-out grille with a large "RAM" letter badge. It stands out as being very different from the RAM truck's iconic "cross-hair" design grilles. Standard equipment includes an off-road powder coated front bumper, skid plates, tow hooks and fog lights. It has projector headlamps with LED marker lights. The aluminum sports hood is distinct to the Rebel. 

The Rebel is standard with an air suspension that rides higher than other RAM 1500s. It has new 17-inch aluminum wheels with black accents. It comes with 33-inch (LT285/70R17E) Toyo Open Country A/T all-terrain tires, Bilstein shock absorbers, and has a different steering and stability-control system than a stock RAM.

The standard engine in the Rebel is a 3.6-liter Pentastar V-6 engine that makes 310 horsepower, 269 pound-feet of torque. It is capable of getting 25 mpg on the highway. The optional V-8 engine is a 5.7-liter HEMI that produces 395 horsepower and 410 pound-feet of torque. It is rated at 15 mpg in the city, 21 mpg on the highway.

Oswald Avery

Oswald Theodore Avery Jr. FRS (October 21, 1877 – February 20, 1955) was a Canadian-born American physician and medical researcher. Most of his career was spent at the Rockefeller University Hospital in New York City.

Avery was one of the first molecular biologists and one of the first people to study immunochemistry.

He is best known for the experiment (published in 1944 with his co-workers Colin MacLeod and Maclyn McCarty) which proved that DNA is the material from which genes are made.

The Nobel laureate Arne Tiselius said that Avery was the most deserving scientist to not receive the Nobel Prize for his work, even though he was nominated for the award several times during the 1930s, 1940s, and 1950s.

Oswald Avery was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia. His father was a Baptist minister. In 1887, his father was asked to move to New York City to lead a church. Avery received his A.B. degree in 1900 from Colgate University. He earned an M.D. degree from the Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons in 1904. He practiced medicine in New York City until 1907 when he became a researcher at Hoagland Laboratory in Brooklyn, New York. As an adult, Avery had hyperthyroidism (Graves' disease) and he had thyroid surgery in 1934. He was elected a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1936.

For many years, genetic information was thought to be in cell protein. Continuing the research done by Frederick Griffith in 1927, Avery worked with MacLeod and McCarty on the mystery of inheritance. He got emeritus status from the Rockefeller Institute in 1943, but continued working for five years, though by that time he was in his late sixties.

In this early experiment dead "Streptococcus pneumoniae" of the virulent strain type III-S, was injected together with living but non-virulent type II-R pneumococci. This resulted in a deadly infection of type III-S pneumococci.

Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase took Avery's research further in 1952 with the Hershey–Chase experiment. These experiments paved the way for Watson and Crick's discovery of the helical structure of DNA, and thus the birth of modern genetics and molecular biology. Of this event, Avery wrote in a letter to his youngest brother Roy, a bacteriologist at the Vanderbilt School of Medicine: "It's lots of fun to blow bubbles but it's wiser to prick them yourself before someone else tries to".

Nobel laureate Joshua Lederberg stated that Avery and his laboratory provided "the historical platform of modern DNA research" and "betokened the molecular revolution in genetics and biomedical science generally".

The collected papers of Avery are stored in two locations: the Tennessee State Library and Archives, and the Rockefeller Archive. Many of his papers, poems, and hand written lab-notes are available at the National Library of Medicine in the Oswald T. Avery Collection, the first of their "Profiles in Science" series.

 

Ashraf Pahlavi

Ashraf Pahlavi (Persian: اشرف پهلوی / Aŝraf Pahlawi, 26 October 1919 – 7 January 2016), was the twin sister of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, the Shah of Iran (Persia) and a member of the Pahlavi dynasty. She was born in Tehran. She was thought to be the "power behind her brother" and was instrumental in the 1953 coup which led to him taking the throne. She served her brother as a palace adviser and was a strong advocate for women's rights. 

Her brother was Gholamreza Pahlavi, who also lived in exile in Paris until his death in 2017. Her half-brother was Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, the Shah of Iran.

Following the Iranian Revolution in 1979, she lived in exile in New York City, Paris and Monte Carlo and remained outspoken on her country's politics.

Pahlavi died in Monte Carlo, Monaco at the age of 96.

Judith Kaye

Judith Ann Kaye (née Smith; August 4, 1938 – January 7, 2016) was an American lawyer and jurist. She was the longtime Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals, serving in that position from March 23, 1993 until December 31, 2008. She was the first woman to serve as chief judge, the highest judicial office in the New York state, and the longest-serving chief judge in New York history.

Kaye died on January 7, 2016, at her home in Manhattan, New York from cancer, aged 77.


Mahmoud Shaltout

Mahmoud Shaltout or Mahmud Shaltut (1893–1963) () was an Egyptian Islamic jurist and scholar. He was a reformer of al-Azhar, a center of Islamic learning in Cairo. He was the highest religious authority in Egypt during the 1960s. He was received his elementary religious education in Alexandria, Egypt. He then spent many years at al-Azhar University in Cairo. There he rose to become rector of the university. Shaltut was a very active writer on the sharia and on tafsir (explaining texts). Some consider him to be the best example of the intellectual and scholarly project of Imam Muhammad Abduh.

He was born in a farming village in Lower Egypt. Shaltut distinguished himself as a student at the religious institute of Alexandria and later at al-Azhar. He became an instructor of Islamic jurisprudence (fiqh) at al-Azhar in 1927. The following year, the reform-minded Muhammad Mustafa al-Maraghi was appointed shaykh al-Azhar (rector). Shaltut was one of his best supporters. When al-Maraghi was forced out of office the following year, Shaltut continued pressing for reforms. 

Shaltut himself took many progressive stands. He wanted translating of the Quran. He was in favor of re-establishing relations with Shia Muslims. He suggested sending Azhari students to Europe for graduate studies. He wanted to admit women. He also wanted to add scientific and technical studies to al-Azhar. Yet he survived as a reformer within al-Azhar. This was unlike such former Azhari modernists as Taha Hussein, Ali Abd al-Raziq, and Mustafa Abd al-Raziq, who ended up on the outside. Out of favor with King Faruq, Shaltut helped deliver Azhari support to Nasser against the Muslim Brothers.

In an effort bring together Sunnis and Shiites worldwide, Shaltut issued a fatwa (religious injunction). It recognized (Twelver) Shiite law as a fifth school alongside the four Sunni schools. He recognized the Ja'fari school of law (called Ithna Ashariyya, or the Twelvers, the largest group in Shia Islam) as one of the five mainstream schools of thought in Islam. This was an important achievement in attempting to unite Muslims around the world. 

The term "Ja'fari" relates to Imam Ja'far al-Sadiq (d. 765). Ja'fari became increasingly used during the twentieth century in the efforts to add Shi'ism as a fifth school of law (madhhab) along with the four established Sunni schools. This led to an interview (and later a fatwa) given by the Shaikh al-Azhar Mahmud Shaltut in 1959. Shaltut went as far as declaring that Muslims are free to attach themselves to any of the five schools.

The fatwa of Mahmud Shaltut was published (in 1959) under the title "Islam: the religion of unity." It was introduced by two arguments. The historical argument about mutual respect and tolerance between different legal schools of Sunnis as well as the Shi'i school. The other was an argument about the harmful effects of prejudice between Muslim schools of fiqh. It was argued that the spirit of ijtihad had turned into antagonism and they were no longer having discussions. Shaltut feels that all schools of fiqh should be ready to accept from one another. They should accept any idea which follows Islamic principles and that ensures the welfare of family and society. As a first step the Ja'fari school of fiqh was included in the curriculum of al-'Azhar.

Shaltut is of the opinion that disbelief in Islam (kufr) is itself not a cause for killing the disbeliever. The apostate should not be killed, since the punishment for apostasy is hellfire and the apostate has no penalty in this world. Mahmud Shaltut believes this based on relevant Qur'anic evidence and concludes that apostasy carries no worldly penalty because it speaks only of punishment in the afterlife.


Troy Shondell

Troy Shondell (born Gary Wayne Schelton; May 14, 1939 – January 7, 2016) was an American singer. His career began in 1957 and he was most famous during the 1960s. He was best known for his 1961 rock and roll single "This Time (We're Really Breaking Up)". The song made the record charts in both the United States and the United Kingdom.

Shondell was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana. He was married to Trina Shondell.

Shondell had Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease. He died from problems caused by the diseases on January 7, 2016 in Picayune, Mississippi. He was 76.

Jenean Hampton

Jenean M. Hampton (born May 12, 1958) is an American politician. She is a graduate of Wayne State University in Detroit, Michigan with a degree in Industrial Engineering. Hampton was a captain in the United States Air Force and a veteran of Operation Desert Storm. After her service in the Air Force she was a manufacturing plant manager for 19 years. She entered politics in 2014 with an unsuccessful run for state representative in Kentucky. Hampton became the Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky in 2015, under Governor Matt Bevin. She is a Republican and a tea party supporter. Hampton is the first African American Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky.

Automotive lighting

The lighting system of a motor vehicle consists of lighting and signalling devices mounted on the front, rear, sides, and in some cases on the top of a motor vehicle, and lights the roadway for the driver. The lighting system also makes the vehicle more visible, especially in low light conditions. It gives warning to other drivers and pedestrians of a vehicle's presence and direction of travel. Emergency vehicles usually carry distinctive lighting equipment to alert drivers and pedestrians of their rapid movement during an emergency.

Vehicles have had lights for well over a hundred years. Candles lit Horse-drawn carriages. The first cars, then called "horseless-carriages" were lit by gas lights. By 1908 electric lighting began to be used on motor vehicles. Red tail lights and yellow brake lights were in use by 1915. Sealed beam headlights were used starting in 1936. By 1940 turn signals were used. Before 1939, headlight design was not standardised. Between 1940 and 1956, all vehicles built in the U.S. were required to have 7’’ round headlights (sealed beams). As of 1956 and up, it became possible to install 4 headlights on 1 vehicle (2 lights per 1 side). In 1960 the first halogen lights were used on European cars and the technology came to the US by 1979. Replaceable car light bulbs were in use in the US beginning in 1983.


Qui-Gon Jinn

Qui-Gon Jinn is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" saga. He is played by Liam Neeson in the 1999 movie "". Qui-Gon is an important character in the first episode of the prequel trilogy. He is a wise and powerful Jedi Master and the mentor of Obi-Wan Kenobi. Jinn is killed by Darth Maul who pierced his body with his lightsaber.


Boba Fett

Boba Fett is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" universe. In "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi", he is a bounty hunter hired by Darth Vader. He was also added briefly to the earlier movie "A New Hope" when the movie was digitally remastered.

In "Attack of the Clones", it tells his origin as an unaltered clone of the bounty hunter Jango Fett raised as his son. His aura of danger and mystery has created a cult following for the character.

Boba Fett is later seen on the Disney+ series, "The Mandalorian". The spin off series, "Boba Fett" is about his life on Tatooine after the events of "Return of the Jedi". On the two Disney+ series, he is played by New Zealand actor, Temuera Morrison.


BB-8

BB-8 is a robot character in the "Star Wars" franchise, first appearing in the 2015 movie "". It is a sphere-shaped robot with a free-moving domed head. BB-8 is portrayed by both a rod puppet and a remote-controlled robotic unit. It is similar to R2-D2. Its owner is Poe Dameron. It is voiced by Bill Hader.


Rey (Star Wars)

Rey Skywalker is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise, played by Daisy Ridley. She is the main protagonist of the "Star Wars" sequel trilogy.

She first appeared as one of the lead characters in "". Rey is a scavenger who was left behind (for protection) on the planet Jakku when she was a child, and soon becomes involved with the Resistance's conflict with the First Order after meeting Finn, a former Stormtrooper, and BB-8, the droid of ace Resistance pilot Poe Dameron.

Although her background was unknown in the first two movies and her last name was not said as a decision by J. J. Abrams, it was revealed in The Rise of Skywalker that she is the granddaughter of Emperor Palpatine. This disproved fan theories,
saying that she is the daughter of Han Solo, Princess Leia or Luke Skywalker or even Obi-Wan Kenobi's granddaughter.


Finn (Star Wars)

Finn (originally called FN-2187) is one of the main characters in the 2015 movie "". In the movie, he is a Stormtrooper for the First Order who escapes after being shocked by their cruelty in his first combat mission before joining the fight against them. He is played by English actor John Boyega.

Finn became a member of the resistance after he became friends with resistance pilot Poe Dameron. He becomes romantically attached to Rey.


Poe Dameron

Poe Dameron is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise. He was introduced in the 2015 movie "". He was played by Oscar Isaac.

Poe is an X-wing pilot for the Resistance who brings renegade stormtrooper Finn and Jakku scavenger Rey into the fight against—and eventually a victory over—the sinister First Order. He is the master of the loving android BB-8.

He is featured in "The Force Awakens" media and merchandising, and will appear in the movie's forthcoming sequel, "". Isaac and the character have received positive reviews, with Poe being compared to the characterization of Han Solo (Harrison Ford) in the original "Star Wars" movie trilogy.


Brad Fittler

Bradley Scott Fittler (born 5 February 1972), sometimes nicknamed "Freddy", is an Australian professional rugby league coach and former player. He is the current head coach of the New South Wales State of Origin team. He played mostly as a five-eighth. His career lasted from 1989 to 2004. He played for the Penrith Panthers until 1995 and later for the Sydney Roosters. He also coached the Roosters from 2007 to 2009.

Fittler was born in Auburn, New South Wales. He is of German ancestry. He has three children; two of whom with his partner Marie Liarris.


Red Simpson

Red Simpson (March 6, 1934 – January 8, 2016) was an American country singer-songwriter. He was best known for his trucker-themed songs such as the 1971 single "I'm a Truck". The song reached fourth on the U.S. and Canadian country charts. He began his career in 1966. 

Simpson was born in Higley, Arizona. He grew up in Bakersfield, California.

In December 2015, Simpson had a heart attack and was taken to hospital. He died from problems caused by the heart attack on January 8, 2016 in Bakersfield. He was 81.

Maria Garbowska-Kierczyńska

Maria Garbowska-Kierczyńska (3 December 1922 – 2 January 2016) was a Polish actress. She began her career in 1946. She appeared in movies such as "Job, czyli ostatnia szara komórka" (2006) and "Aftermath" (2012). Her television credits included "Plebania" and "Ojciec Mateusz". She was a member of the National Theatre in Warsaw from 1969 to 1979. She was born in Garbów.

Garbowska-Kierczyńska died on 2 January 2016 in Konstancin-Jeziorna, aged 93.

Achim Mentzel

Achim Mentzel (15 July 1946 – 4 January 2016) was a German musician, television presenter and actor. He was best known for hosting his show "Achims Hitparade" from 1989 to 2006. He released 23 singles and seven albums between 1978 and 2010. He was a member of the cover band, Fritzens Dampferband (), together with Nina Hagen. He appeared in the films "The Legend of Paul and Paula" (1973) and "Der Wixxer" (2004). He also appeared in the television shows "Das Amt" and "SOKO Leipzig".

Mentzel was born in Berlin. He was married four times and had eight children.

Mentzel died on 4 January 2016 in Cottbus, Brandenburg, aged 69. It is believed the cause was a heart attack or stroke.

Distributive property

Distribution is a concept from algebra: It tells how binary operations are to be handled. The most simple case is that of addition and multiplication of numbers. 
For example, in arithmetic:

In the left-hand side of the first equation, the 2 multiplies the sum of 1 and 3; on the right-hand side, it multiplies the 1 and the 3 individually, with the products added afterwards.
Because these give the same final answer (8), it is said that multiplication by 2 "distributes" over addition of 1 and 3.
Since one could have put any real numbers in place of 2, 1, and 3 above, and still have obtained a true equation, we say that multiplication of real numbers "distributes" over addition of real numbers.

Given a set formula_1 and two binary operators ∗ and + on formula_1, we say that the operation:

∗ is "left-distributive" over + if, given any elements formula_3, and formula_4 of formula_1,
∗ is "right-distributive" over + if, given any elements formula_3, and formula_4 of formula_1,
∗ is "distributive" over + if it is left- and right-distributive.
Notice that when ∗ is commutative, the three conditions above are logically equivalent.

The distributive property can also be applied to:


Antônio Pompêo

Antônio Pompêo (23 February 1953 – 5 January 2016) was a Brazilian actor. He appeared in the television shows "Balacobaco", "Rebelde", "A Casa das Sete Mulheres", "O Rei do Gado", "Mulheres de Areia" and "Pedra sobre Pedra". He also appeared in the movies "Xica" (1976), "A Samba for Sherlock" (2001) and "Que sera, sera" (2002). He was born in São José do Rio Preto or São José do Rio Pardo, São Paulo.

Pompêo was found dead on 5 January 2016 in Rio de Janeiro, aged 62.

Ioannis Petridis

Ioannis Petridis (; 18 August 1931 – 6 January 2016) was a Greek economist and politician. He was a member of the New Democracy party. He served as an MP for Pieria from 1985 to 1989. He was born in Katerini.

Petridis died on 6 January 2016 in Athens, aged 84.

Anton Srholec

Anton Srholec (12 June 1929 – 7 January 2016) was a Slovak Roman Catholic priest, Salesian and writer. He was ordained by Pope Paul VI in 1970 but was banned under communism rule in Czechoslovakia and was jailed for ten years. He was best known for his work charity work as head of the Resota Center for homeless people in Bratislava. He was born in Skalica.

Srholec died from lung cancer on 7 January 2016 in Bratislava. He was 86.

William Astbury

William Thomas Astbury FRS (Bill Astbury, 25 February 1898, Longton – 4 June 1961, Leeds) was an English physicist and molecular biologist.

Astbury made early X-ray diffraction studies of biological molecules. His work on keratin helped Linus Pauling discover the alpha helix. He also studied the structure for DNA in 1937 and made the first step in working out its structure.

In 1937 Torbjörn Caspersson of Sweden sent him well-prepared samples of DNA from calf thymus. The fact that DNA produced a diffraction pattern showed it had a regular structure. Astbury reported that DNA's structure repeated every 2.7 nanometres and that the bases lay flat, stacked, 0.34 nanometres apart. At a symposium in 1938 at Cold Spring Harbor, Astbury pointed out that the 0.34 nanometre spacing was the same as amino acids in polypeptide chains. Actually, the spacing of the bases in the B-form of DNA is 0.332 nm.

In 1946 Astbury presented a paper at a symposium in Cambridge in which he said: "Biosynthesis is supremely a question of fitting molecules or parts of molecules against another... one of the great biological developments of our time is the realisation that probably the most fundamental interaction of all is that between the proteins and the nucleic acids". He also said that the spacing between the nucleotides and the spacing of amino acids in proteins "was not an arithmetical accident".

Astbury was unable to propose the correct structure of DNA from his data. However in 1952 Linus Pauling used Astbury's insufficient data to propose a structure for DNA, which was also incorrect. Nevertheless Astbury's work encouraged Maurice Wilkins, Raymond Gosling and Rosalind Franklin at Kings College, London. Their X-ray crystallography results were used by Francis Crick and James D. Watson to identify the structure of DNA in 1953.

Karan Brar

Karan Brar "(born January 18, 1999)" is a teenage American actor. He is known from his role as "Chirag Gupta" in the movie series "Diary of a Wimpy Kid". He is also known for co-starring role as "Ravi Ross" on the Disney Channel Original Series "Jessie" and its spinoff series "Bunk'd".

Gary Johnson 2016 presidential campaign

Former Governor Gary Johnson of New Mexico declared his candidacy for the Libertarian Party (LP) nomination for President of the United States on January 6, 2016.

Johnson ran as the Libertarian presidential nominee in the 2012 election. In that race, he finished with the third highest popular vote total, nearly 1.3 million votes, and garnered nearly 1% of the popular vote.

Johnson formally announced his candidacy for the 2016 Libertarian presidential nomination in an interview with Neil Cavuto on the Fox Business Network program "Coast to Coast" on January 6, 2016.

A poll done by Monmouth University to show who people wanted to win the election showed that Johnson was at 11%.

















Otis Clay

Otis Clay (February 11, 1942 – January 8, 2016) was an American R&B and soul singer, who started in gospel music. He was known for his songs "Tryin' to Live My Life Without You" and "The Only Way Is Up". He was born in Bolivar County, Mississippi, but raised in Muncie, Indiana.

In 2013, Clay was inducted to the Blues Hall of Fame.

Clay died of a heart attack on January 8, 2016 in Chicago, Illinois at the age of 73.


Maria Teresa de Filippis

Maria Teresa de Filippis (11 November 1926 – 9 January 2016) was an Italian racing driver. She was known as being the first woman to race in Formula One. She was born in Naples. She participated in five World Championship Grands Prix, debuting on 18 May 1958, but scored no championship points. 

Though largely unsuccessful in her Formula One racing career, she won races in other series and is remembered as a pioneer in the sport.

De Filippis died in Scanzorosciate, Lombardy, in January 2016 at the age of 89.

Ed Stewart

Ed "Stewpot" Stewart (23 April 1941 – 9 January 2016) was a British broadcaster. He was known for his work as a DJ on BBC Radio 1 (particularly the Saturday morning "Junior Choice") and BBC Radio 2 and as a presenter for "Top of the Pops" and "Crackerjack" on BBC Television.

Stewart died in Bournemouth, Dorset from a stroke at the age of 74.


Theodor Morell

Theodor Gilbert Morell (22 July 1886 – 26 May 1948) was Adolf Hitler's personal doctor. For years, Morell treated Hitler with many different drugs. He helped Hitler with almost everything Hitler did. Morell escaped from Hitler's bunker just a few hours before Hitler killed himself there.

Morell was born in a small village called Trais-Münzenberg, in Upper Hesse, Germany. His family was half Jewish. Morell studied medicine in France. Then he trained in obstetrics and gynecology in Munich, Germany. He became a doctor on 23 May 1913.

Morell worked as a ship's doctor for a year. Then, in 1914, when Germany was fighting World War I, he volunteered to be a doctor for the German army. He worked as a doctor in a German army battalion until 1917. By 1918, Morell had opened his own doctor's office in Berlin. He became popular for treating his patients' illnesses in unusual ways. Both the Shah of Persia and the King of Romania asked Morell to be their personal doctors, but Morell refused.

In 1920, Morell married Hannelore Moller, a rich actress.

Morell joined the Nazi Party when Hitler became the Chancellor (leader) of Germany in 1933. In 1935, Morell treated Hitler's personal photographer, Heinrich Hoffmann. Hoffmann told Hitler that Morell had saved his life. In 1936, Hitler met Morell for the first time. Hitler was having very bad stomach pain, and also had a rash on his leg. Morell was able to cure both problems with medicines. After this, Hitler asked Morell to be his personal doctor. Soon, Hitler decided Morell was a medical genius. Morell became one of Hitler's closest friends. Morell began to treat Hitler with a drug he called "Vitamultin" when Hitler felt tired in the morning. Right after he got a shot of Vitamultin, Hitler would feel awake and have a lot of energy. Ernst-Günther Schenck, a doctor in the SS, had some Vitamultin tested. It had methamphetamine in it.

In 1938, Hitler demanded control of part of Czechoslovakia. While Hitler was meeting with the Czechoslovak president, Emil Hacha, Hitler began yelling at Hacha. Hacha became so scared of Hitler that he fainted. Morell injected stimulant drugs into Hacha to wake him up. Morell said these drugs were only vitamins, but they may have included methamphetamine. Soon after Morell gave him the drugs, Hacha agreed to do what Hitler wanted.

Morell began treating Hitler with more and more drugs. Most were medicines sold in stores, but some were Morell's own mixes. Many of the things Morell gave Hitler are toxic (poisonous). Because of this, some historians think Morell accidentally made Hitler's bad health even worse.

Morell kept a medical diary of the drugs, vitamins and other chemicals he gave Hitler. The diary lists 74 different drugs, in 28 different mixtures. These drugs include psychoactive drugs like heroin, and things sold as poisons. Some of the other drugs Morell gave Hitler were:





Many of Hitler's other close friends did not like Morell. For example, Herman Göring, the Vice-Chancellor of Germany, called Morell "Der Reichsspritzenmeister" ("Injection Master of the German Reich") and "The Master of the Imperial Needle." Both nicknames meant the same thing: that Morell used injections (shots of medicine) to fix every problem.

Morell often argued with Dr. Karl Brandt, who had been Hitler's personal doctor since 1933. Eva Braun, Hitler's girlfriend, called Morell's office a "pig sty" and refused to see him.

On 20 April 1945, during the Battle of Berlin, Hitler was hiding in his bunker in Berlin with Morell and some of his other personal workers. Hitler told Morell and some other workers to fly from Berlin to the Obersalzberg (Hitler's home in the mountains). Morell flew out of Berlin on 23 April.

Morell was soon caught by the Americans. He was interrogated on 18 May 1945. He was kept in jail in an American prison camp, in the same place that the Nazi concentration camp called Buchenwald used to be. However, he was never charged with a crime.

Morell died on 26 May 1948, in a hospital in Bavaria, Germany. He was very obese and had many health problems when he died.


Triple Nine Society

The Triple Nine Society (or just TNS) is a large and famous group for people with a high intelligence quotient. The non-profit organization only has members with high IQs. They must score at the 99.9th percentile or higher on a standard intelligence test. In many cases, people need an IQ of 146 or higher to join. There are now almost 2,000 members in 39 countries.

TNS publishes a journal named "Vidya." Members write articles and poetry. Vidya also has other official business of the society. 

TNS members communicate with one another online through an Internet Forum, Discord and Facebook groups, and have online meetings on Discord and Jitsi.

TNS has meetings in the US every Fall ("ggg999") and meetings in Europe every Spring ("egg999").

The Triple Nine Society started in 1978. It has democratic principles. TNS wants members to freely speak about their views in keeping with the Society's commitment to friendship and intellectual growth.


Lyudvig Chibirov

Lyudvig Alekseyevich Chibirov ("Cybyrty Aleksejy fyrt Ljudvig", , ; born November 19, 1932) is a Ossetian politician. He was born in Tskhinvali. He was the first elected-President of South Ossetia serving from 1993 through 2001.

Merab Chigoev

Merab Ilyich Chigoev (; 15 February 1950 – 9 January 2016) was a South Ossetian politician. He was the former Prime Minister serving from August 1998 until June 2001. He was also Minister of Justice in Yury Morozov's cabinet. He was born in Leningor district, South Ossetian Autonomous Oblast, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union.

Chigoev was killed in a car crash in Tskhinvali, South Ossetia on 9 January 2016 at the age of 65.

Bob Oatley

Robert Ian "Bob" Oatley (11 June 1928 – 10 January 2016) was an Australian businessman, winemaker and yachtsman. He was perhaps best known for owning the Sydney to Hobart-winning yacht "Wild Oats XI". He bought Hamilton Island, Queensland in 2003 for $200 million. He was also responsible for the Rosemount winery, which he founded in 1969.

Oatley was born in Mosman, Sydney, New South Wales. He was married with three children. His granddaughter is equestrian Lyndal Oatley.

Oatley died after an illness on 10 January 2016 in Sydney, aged 87.

Angus Scrimm

Lawrence Rory Guy (August 19, 1926 – January 9, 2016), better known as Angus Scrimm, was an American actor and writer. He best known for playing the Tall Man in the horror movie "Phantasm" (1979) and its sequels, "Phantasm II" (1988), "" (1994), "" (1998), and his final movie "" (2016). He also appeared in the television series "Alias". He wrote liner notes for musician such as Frank Sinatra to The Beatles. He won a Grammy Award for his liner notes. 

Scrimm was born in Kansas City, Kansas. He studied at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles, California.

Scrimm died on January 9, 2016 in Los Angeles, aged 89.

Jim Ross (ice hockey)

James "Jim" Ross (May 20, 1926 – January 1, 2016) was a Scottish-Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played as a defenceman from 1944 until 1955. He played 62 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the New York Rangers.

Ross was born in Edinburgh. He later moved to Toronto, Ontario, Canada. His wife, Margaret, died in 2008. They had four children.

Ross died on January 1, 2016 in Woodstock, Ontario, aged 89.

José María Rivas

José María Rivas (12 May 1958 – 9 January 2016) was a Salvadoran footballer. He played for Independiente, Atlético Marte, San Pedro, Huracán and Cojutepeque. He played for his national team 22 times. He was born in San Salvador.

Rivas died from leukemia on 9 January 2016, aged 57.

École de l'air et de l'espace

The École de l'air et de l'Espace is a military school and grande école training line officers in the French Air Force. It is located at Salon-de-Provence Air Base in Salon-de-Provence, France.

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees:

It trains fighter pilots, military engineers and technicians.



Peter Powell (kite maker)

Peter Trevor Powell (c. 1932 – 3 January 2016) was an English kite maker. He developed a steerable kite in 1972, using dual lines. Powell's kites had spars made of Gonystylus which were later replaced with aluminium tubing and, later still, by glass fibre spars.

Powell's kites came with a long, hollow polyethylene tail that was inflated by the wind. The tail added stability as well as looking good when performing stunts. He was born in Gloucester, Gloucestershire.

Powell died from a stroke in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire at the age of 83.

Royal Parker

Royal Pollokoff (April 8, 1929 – January 8, 2016), better known by the stage name Royal Parker, was an American television personality. He began his career in the 1940s and would last until his retirement during the 1990s. He appeared in many roles on television, becoming a staple on television screens. 

Parker was born in Baltimore, Maryland He studied at Baltimore City College. Parker began his career in radio. During his career he announced Dwight D. Eisenhower's victory in the U.S. presidential election, 1952, the assassination of John F. Kennedy, Richard Nixon's resignation, the Iran hostage crisis and the near assassination of Ronald Reagan.

After leaving broadcasting, he ran for a seat in the Maryland House of Delegates in 1994, but lost in the primary election.

Parker died of congestive heart failure in Pikesville, Maryland at the age of 86.


Dermot Mulroney

Dermot Mulroney (born October 31, 1963) is an American actor, musician and director. He has been acting since 1986. He was born in Alexandria, Virginia.

He is known for his roles in the movies "Young Guns", "Where the Day Takes You", "My Best Friend's Wedding", "The Last Outlaw", "About Schmidt", and "". Mulroney played the main villain of NBC's "Crisis", Francis Gibson.

Sam Rockwell

Sam Rockwell (born November 5, 1968) is an American actor. He won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 2018.

He is known for his leading roles in "Lawn Dogs" (1997), "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind" (2002), "Matchstick Men" (2003), "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" (2005), "Choke" (2008), "Moon" (2009) and "Seven Psychopaths" (2012), as well as for his supporting roles in "The Green Mile" (1999), "Galaxy Quest" (1999), "The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford" (2007), "Frost/Nixon" (2008), "Conviction" (2010), "Iron Man 2" (2010), "Cowboys & Aliens" (2011), "The Way, Way Back" (2013) and "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" (2017).


Ka-Bar

Ka-Bar (trademarked as KA-BAR, capitalized) is a combat knife first obtained by the United States Marine Corps in November 1942. It was then designated as the 1219C2 combat knife. Later it was called the USMC Mark 2 combat knife. When the United States Navy obtained the knife they called it the U.S. Navy utility knife, Mark 2. KA-BAR is the trademark and namesake of a related knife manufacturing company, KA-BAR Knives., Inc. (formerly Union Cutlery Co.) of Olean, New York. KA-BAR Knives is a subsidiary of the Cutco Corporation.

At the start of World War II, the US Marine Corps was still using the World War I issue Trench knife. Called the knuckle knife, it was a dagger with a studded steel hand guard. The trench knife was suited for trench warfare but it did not meet the needs of the Marines in the Pacific war. The Marine Corps purchased different designs from different knife manufacturers. The Ka-Bar, however, quickly became the marine's favorite. They were made by the Union Cutlery Company (later changed to KA-BAR Cutlery Inc.). Soon other companies were under contract to produce the Ka-Bar. The main use for the Ka-Bar combat knife was hand-to-hand combat with an enemy. However, the number of enemy soldiers killed with a Ka-Bar is thought to be very small. The knife, weighing just over , had a solid pommel (the butt end of the knife) which could be used as a hammer.The knife was used to open food cans in c-rations or k-rations. It was used for cutting wires, opening crates of ammunition and other non-combat uses. 

Although KA-BAR Knives, Inc. currently makes a wide variety of knives and cutlery, it is best known for the Ka-Bar Fighting/Utility knife. It has traditionally used a 7 inch (178 mm) long blade. It is made of 1095 carbon steel with a clip point blade and a stacked leather-washer handle. Other, more modern versions of this knife feature single or dual-edge blades. Many have synthetic handles made of Kraton (a non-slip rubber substitute). For modern outdoor survival use the Ka-Bar knives are still a proven design.


Jeanne Cordova

Jeanne Cordova (July 18, 1948 – January 10, 2016) was an American lesbian and gay rights activist and writer. She was a founder of the West Coast LGBTQ movement. She was a columnist for "Lesbian Tide", "Los Angeles Free Press" and "The Advocate". Her memoir, "When We Were Outlaws: a Memoir of Love and Revolution", won a Lammy.

Cordova was born in Bremerhaven, Germany. She grew up in California. She was of Irish and Mexican ancestry.

Cordova died from brain cancer on January 10, 2016 in Los Angeles, aged 67.

Ralph Hauenstein

Ralph Hauenstein (March 20, 1912 – January 10, 2016) was an American philanthropist and businessman. His leadership has made the Hauenstein Center for Presidential Studies at Grand Valley State University, the Hauenstein Parkinson's and Neuroscience Centers at Saint Mary's Hospital and the Grace Hauenstein Library at Aquinas College. He was also a colonel in the U.S. Army.

Hauenstein was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana. He fought for his country during World War II. He turned 100 in March 2012. His wife of 75 years, Grace Byrnes, died in 2007.

Hauenstein died from natural causes on January 10, 2016 in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He was 103.


Hernán Gamboa

Hernán Gamboa (18 June 1946 – 10 January 2016) was a Venezuelan musician, composer and singer. He began his career in 1956. He was a member of Serenata Guayanesa from 1971 to 1984. He was born in San Tomé, Anzoátegui.

Gamboa died from cancer on 10 January 2016 in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He was 69.

D. A. Pennebaker

Donn Alan "D. A." Pennebaker (, July 15, 1925 – August 1, 2019) was an American documentary filmmaker. He was one of the pioneers of Direct Cinema. Performing arts and politics are his subjects. His subjects cover events of the 1960s.

In 2012, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences recognized his body of work with an Academy Honorary Award or "lifetime Oscar".

Pennebaker died at his home in Sag Harbor, New York on August 1, 2019, aged 94.


María Lorenza Barreneche

María Lorenza Barreneche Iriarte (3 July 1926 – 5 January 2015) was an Argentine public figure. She was the wife of the late President Raúl Alfonsín from 1949 until his death in 2009. She was First Lady of Argentina from 1983 to 1989.

Barreneche was born in Chascomús, Buenos Aires. She was of Basque ancestry. She had six children with Alfonsín.

Barreneche died after years of poor health on 5 January 2016 in Buenos Aires. She was 89.

Pat Harrington, Sr.

Daniel Patrick "Pat" Harrington, Sr. (February 6, 1901 – September 2, 1965) was a Canadian actor. His Broadway credits include "Panama Hattie" (1940), "Star and Garter" (1942), "The Front Page" (1946), "Call Me Madam" (1950) and "Sunday in New York" (1961). He also appeared in the early television series "A Couple of Joes" (1949) and "The Wonderful John Acton" (1953).

Harrington was born in Montreal, Quebec. He was the father of American actor Pat Harrington, Jr. (1929–2016).


Demmus Hentze

Demmus Hentze (4 December 1923 – 3 January 2016) was a Faroese politician and lawyer. He was a member of the People's Party. He served as Finance Minister from 1975 to 1981. He was born in Sandur, Sandoy. He graduated from the University of Copenhagen.

Hentze died on 3 January 2016 in Tórshavn, aged 92.

Eddie Redmayne

Edward John David "Eddie" Redmayne, OBE (born 6 January 1982) is an English actor. 

He is known for his roles in "The Good Shepherd" (2006), "Savage Grace" (2007), "" (2007), "My Week with Marilyn" (2011), "Les Misérables" (2012), "The Theory of Everything" (2014), "Jupiter Ascending" (2015), "The Danish Girl" (2015), "Sodor's Legend of the Lost Treasure" (2015), and "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" (2016).

Redmayne received many awards for his role as Stephen Hawking in The Theory of Everything, for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor, the BAFTA Award, the Golden Globe Award, and the Screen Actors Guild Award. He has continued to perform in theatre, most notably in the play "Red" (2010), on Broadway, for which he won the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Play.


Teofil Codreanu

Teofil Codreanu (1 February 1941 – 10 January 2016) was a Romanian footballer. He played as an attacking midfielder. He played for Rapid Bucureşti and the Romania national football team.

Woman on top

Woman on top (also called cowgirl or riding position) is a group of sex positions in which the man lies back or sits. The woman straddles him facing either forward or backward. The man then inserts his erect penis into the woman's vagina or anus.

The cowgirl name comes from the image of the receiving partner "riding" the other partner the same way a cowboy rides a bucking horse. The position is often cited as one of the more popular sex positions, mostly by women.

The Walk (movie)

The Walk is a 2015 American 3D biographical drama movie directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Christopher Browne and Zemeckis. 

It is based on the story of French high-wire artist Philippe Petit's walk between the World Trade Center on August 7, 1974. 

The movie stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ben Kingsley, Charlotte Le Bon, James Badge Dale, Ben Schwartz, and Steve Valentine. The movie was released by TriStar Pictures on September 30, 2015, in the United States in IMAX 3D, and on October 9 in regular 2D and 3D. The film was dedicated to the victims of the September 11 attacks in 2001.


Richard Libertini

Richard Libertini (May 21, 1933 – January 7, 2016) was an American stage, movie and television actor.

He played character roles and could speak in many accents. Libertini acted in "Catch-22" (1970), "The In-Laws" (1979), "Popeye" (1980), "All of Me" (1984), "Fletch" (1985), "Fletch Lives" (1989), "Awakenings" (1990), "Lethal Weapon 4" (1998), and "Dolphin Tale" (2011).

Libertini died on January 7, 2016 of cancer in Venice, California, at the age of 82.


Nik Wallenda

Nikolas "Nik" Wallenda (born January 24, 1979) is an American acrobat, aerialist, daredevil, high wire artist, and author. He is known for his high-wire performances without a safety net. 

He holds nine Guinness World Records for various acrobatic feats, but is best known as the first person to walk a tightrope stretched directly over Niagara Falls. He walked across a tightrope from Leo Burnett Building to both Marina City towers in Chicago in December 2014.


Philippe Petit

Philippe Petit (; born 13 August 1949) is a French high-wire artist. He became famous for his high-wire walk between the World Trade Center in New York City, on the morning of August 7, 1974. The 2015 movie "The Walk" is based on his high-wire walk in New York.


George Jonas

George Jonas (June 15, 1935 – January 10, 2016) was a Hungarian-born Canadian writer, poet, and journalist. He wrote 16 books. His best known book was international bestseller "" (1984), the story of an Israeli operation to kill the terrorists behind the 1972 Munich massacre. This was made into the movie "Munich" (2005), directed by Steven Spielberg and starring Eric Bana. He was born in Budapest to a Jewish family.

Jonas died from Parkinson's disease on January 10, 2016, aged 69.



Villa Paul Poiret

Villa Paul Poiret in Mézy-sur-Seine, Yvelines, France, is an important example of modernist architecture. It was Cubism-inspired, and built in the early 1920s. Later Art Deco features were added. It was a private house originally designed by architect Robert Mallet-Stevens.

The house is in of parkland to the west of Paris, overlooking the Seine Valley. It is made of reinforced concrete to a geometric style.

The villa was commissioned by fashion designer Paul Poiret in 1921. It was completed in 1925. The house fell into disrepair, and was sold by Poiret in 1930 to actress Elvira Popescu, who lived there from 1938 to 1985. Popescu hired the architect Paul Boyer in 1932 to alter the original design to the contemporary Art Deco "ocean liner" style, converting windows to portholes, and rounding-off terrace corners. The house was listed as an historic landmark in 1984.

By 1999 the house had once more become dilapidated. It was bought by Laurent Brun. Under the direction of the two French committees responsible for listed buildings, both the outside and inside have been restored. 

Villa Paul Poiret is part of the "Journées de Patrimoine", (Heritage Days) scheme: public and private buildings of historic importance are open to the public on the third weekend in September.

Hamada Emam

Mohamed Yehia Emam (‎; 28 November 1943 – 9 January 2016), better known as Hamada Ema (), was an Egyptian footballer. He played as a centre forward. He played for Zamalek SC in the Egyptian Premier League.

Emam was born in Cairo. His father was goalkeeper Yehia Emam. His son Hazem Emam (born 1975) also played football.

Eman died on 9 January 2016 in Cairo, aged 72.

Fernando Barrachina

Fernando Barrachina Plo (24 February 1947 – 4 January 2016) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a central defender.

Born in Granada, Barrachina played for Granada, Valencia and Cádiz.

He made one international appearance for Spain in 1969.

He died on 4 January 2016, at the age of 68.

Zelimkhan Yaqub

Zelimkhan Yaqub (; 21 January 1950 – 9 January 2016) was an Azerbaijani poet. He served as a deputy of the National Assembly of Azerbaijan from 1995 to 2005. He was also named the national poet of Azerbaijan in 2005. He was born in Bolnisi Municipality, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union.

Yaqub died on 9 January 2016 in Baku, aged 65.

Ulrich Hahnen

Ulrich Hahnen (10 May 1952 in Krefeld – 10 January 2016) was a German politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). He served as a deputy of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia from 2010 until his death. In 1994, he became a member of the City Council of Krefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia.

Hahnen died from cancer on 10 January 2016 at the age of 63.

Kingbird

The kingbird ("Tyrannus melancholicus") is a large tyrant flycatcher. This bird breeds from southern Arizona in the United States to as far as south as central Argentina, western Peru, and Trinidad and Tobago. Birds from the northernmost and southern breeding areas migrate to warmer parts of the range after breeding.

An adult tropical kingbird is long and weighs . Both male and female are similar, but young birds have pale buff edges on the wing coverts.

The call is a high-pitched twittering trill, "tree-e-e-e-e-e-e", with a more complex version sung by the male at dawn.

Their breeding habitat is semi-open areas with trees and shrubs, including gardens and roadsides. Tropical kingbirds like to view their surroundings from an open perch, usually high in a tree. They take long flights to catch insects in mid-air, which is called hawking. They sometimes hover to pick food off of plants, which is called gleaning. They also eat some fruit.

These birds defend their territory against intruders, even much larger birds such as toucans, caracaras or hawks. 

They make a flimsy cup nest in a tree. The eggs are cream-colored with reddish-brown marks. The female incubates the typical clutch of two or three eggs for 16 days. After they hatch, it is about 18–19 more days until fledging.

The tropical kingbird is not a threatened species of the IUCN. This is because this bird is very common and they adapt well to changes in their environment.


Rūsiņš Mārtiņš Freivalds

Rūsiņš Mārtiņš Freivalds (10 November 1942 – 4 January 2016) was a Latvian computer scientist and mathematician. He was a member of Latvian Academy of Sciences from 1992. He discovered Freivalds' algorithm. He also taught at the University of Latvia with students including Daina Taimina and Andris Ambainis. He was born in Cesvaine and studied at Moscow State University (MSU).

Freivalds died from a heart attack on 4 January 2016 in Riga, aged 73.


Juan Sebastián Elcano

Juan Sebastián Elcano (1476 – 4 August 1526) was a Spanish explorer of Basque origin. He completed the first circumnavigation of the world started by Ferdinand Magellan. After Magellan's death in the Philippines, Elcano took command of the expedition and completed the voyage to Spain. The voyage proved that the Earth was round. When he returned to Spain the king gave Elcano his own Coat of arms. He also received a pension of 500 ducats.

Elcano was born in 1476 in Getaria, Gipuzkoa in the Basque Country of northern Spain. His parents were Domingo Sebastián de el Cano and Catalina de el Puerto. From his childhood he was a sailor and fisherman. He later smuggled contraband into French ports. He was part of an expedition against Algeria in 1509. In 1519 he was in Seville when Charles V of Spain was sending a major expedition to find a shortcut to the Indies.

Charles V had selected the Portuguese navigator Ferdinand Magellan to lead an expedition made up of five ships and 239 men. Their mission was to find a shortcut to the Far East by going around the tip of South America.

When the expedition wintered on the coast of Brazil the crews joined in a mutiny because they did not want to go any further. By this time Magellan and Elcano no longer trusted each other. Magellan blamed Elcano for the mutiny and placed him in chains. One of Magellan's ships was wrecked in Brazil. By the time they reached the passage between the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean, afterwards named the Strait of Magellan, one more ship had turned back. Magellan started through the strait in October 1520 taking a month to get through.

The three ships reached Guam in March 1521. Later in the month they reached Homonhon Island in the Philippines. By this time they had only 150 men. Magellan formed a friendship with the island's king and soon joined in a war between the king and a rival. On April 27, 1521 Magellan was killed in a battle. The remaining men and ships quickly escaped the Philippines arrived at the Spice Islands in November 1521. By this time Elcano commanded the last ship in the expedition. They left the Spice Islands in December. On September 8, 1522 Elcano and his crew reached Spain completing Magellan's expedition. Elcano was surprised to learn they had lost a day in circumnavigating the globe.

He spent about three years at Valladolid. He fell in love with María Vidaurreta. Together they had a daughter. He joined the expedition of Garcia Jofre de Loaísa to colonize the Spice Islands. They left with seven ships and 450 men. the expedition was scattered by bad weather near Cape Horn. The expedition lost six of its seven ships. The remaining ship continued to the Spice Islands. On July 30, 1526 Loaísa died of scurvy. Elcano took command but he died of the disease himself on August 4, 1526.

The Sailing ship "Juan Sebastián de Elcano" is named for the explorer. It is a four-masted, topsail schooner, one of the largest in the world. It had sailed around the earth six times by 1986. The ship has participated in three Operation Sail events in New York harbor. It has probably been sailed more than any other major tall ship. Her home port is Cadiz, Spain. The ship is owned by the Spanish Navy.

<br>

Contraband

The word contraband (Old French "contrebande" "a smuggling") means any item which is illegal to be possessed or sold. The term is used for goods such as:

In international law, contraband means goods sent to territories under the control of the enemy that can be used in armed conflict. Traditionally, contraband is classified into two categories, absolute contraband and conditional contraband. Absolute contraband includes arms, munitions, and various materials. These can include chemicals and certain types of machinery that may be used to wage war.

Conditional contraband includes food and livestock feed. Cargo of this kind, while presumably innocent in character, can be seized if the supplies are destined for the armed forces of the enemy. Under conditions of modern warfare almost everything can be called absolute contraband.

During the American Civil War, slaves who sought refuge in Union army military camps or who lived in territories that fell under Union control were declared contraband. This policy was first used by General Benjamin F. Butler in 1861, in what came to be known as the "Fort Monroe Doctrine," established in Hampton, Virginia. By war's end, the Union had set up 100 contraband camps in the Southern United States. The Roanoke Island Freedmen's Colony (1863–1867) was developed to be a colony. Many adult former slaves worked for wages for the Army at such camps.

Contraband (disambiguation)

Contraband refers to goods which are illegal to possess or trade. Contraband may also refer to:



Mystery shopper

Mystery shopping (or mystery customer) is a management tool used to find out how customers are being treated. Retail companies use it to get an idea about how their branches are being managed and operated. Also franchise chains use it to make sure franchisees are keeping to the agreements made with the parent company.

The idea is to get information which is otherwise hard to obtain. Quality of service, or compliance with regulations and/or agreements are what is often investigated. A company hires a person to be a customer. The company being evaluated does not know who the mystery shopper is.

Mystery shoppers perform specific tasks such as buying a product, asking questions, registering complaints or behaving in a certain way. Afterwards, they provide detailed reports or feedback about their experiences.

Dogue de Bordeaux

The Dogue de Bordeaux, Bordeaux Mastiff, French Mastiff is a dog breed that originated in France. The dogs are large, and usually grow to a shoulder height of between and . They weight between and , but the official standard does not specify a weight. The Bordeaux is a very powerful dog, with a very muscular body. The breed has been put to work in many different capacities, from pulling carts and hauling heavy objects, to guarding flocks and, historically, the castles of the European elite.

Australian Kelpie

The Australian Kelpie, or simply Kelpie, is an Australian sheepdog. The word 'Kelpie' is Gaelic and means "water sprite". They are very successful at herding and driving livestock with little or no guidance. The Kelpie is a medium-sized dog. They come in both the tan markings and solid colors. The Kelpie has been exported throughout the world and is used mainly to herd sheep, cattle and goats. 

The Kelpie can do the work of several men. They are tireless workers and can work all day in the hottest climates. Kelpies are able to travel more than in a single day. Like the Border Collie the Kelpie is an intimidator. It locks eyes with an animal to get it to move. Unlike the Border Collie, the Kelpie also nips at the heels of herd animals to get and keep them moving. 
A typical Kelpie weighs from 25 to 45 pounds. They have a life expectancy of from 10 to 14 years on average. Kelpies have natural oils in their skin that keeps their coat weather resistant. For that reason they should be bathed only when absolutely necessary to avoid drying out their skin. An occasional rubdown with a towel keeps them clean.

The breed has been separated into two distinct varieties: the Show (or Bench) Kelpie and the Working Kelpie. The Show Kelpie is seen at conformation dog shows in some countries and is selected for appearance rather than working instinct, while the Working Kelpie is bred for working ability rather than appearance.

Tajdid

Tajdid () is an Arabic word that means "renewal". It is usually put together with "din" to mean "renewal of the religion." A similar but less common expression is "ihya' al-din" (), which may be translated as "revival of the religion."

The purpose of the tajdid (renewal or revival) is to implement this ideal model in Muslims' lives, wherever and whenever Muslim society exists. This purpose implies that tajdid is a continuous effort by Muslims always to explain Islam and make it applicable in continually changing situations without violating its principles. 

The notion of tajdid in the Islamic tradition can be traced back to the Prophet Muhammad, who said that "At the start of each century there will arise in this ummah (the Muslim community) those who will call for a religious renewal". Such people (mujaddids, or renewers of Islam), are believed to always come in the time when Muslim community departs from the true path defined by the Qur'an and sunnah (example of the Prophet). The task of the mujaddid, therefore, is to return Muslims to their basic sources (the Qur'an and sunnah), to clean Islam from all un-Godly elements, to present Islam and make it flourish more or less in its original pure form and spirit.

The tradition of a renewal of the faith went back to Islam's first century, with the caliph Umar II ('Umar ibn 'Abd al-'Aziz), who came to power in the Muslim year 99 and was particularly revered for his piety, in contrast to his predecessors. He was viewed as a renewer of the faith in an age of increasingly profane rule, and later mujaddids and their movements in various parts of the Islamic world followed his precedent.


Alexander Hickman

Thomas Alexander Hickman (October 19, 1925 – January 11, 2016) was a Canadian lawyer, politician and judge. He was born in Grand Bank, Newfoundland. From 1966 to 1979, he was a member of the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly. He held many cabinet positions including Minister of Justice and Attorney General, Minister of Health, Minister Responsible for Intergovernmental Affairs, Minister of Finance, and Minister of Education.

Hickman died on January 11, 2016 at the age of 90.


Oscar Fritschi

Oscar Fritschi (25 February 1939 – 8 January 2016) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland. He was born in Winterthur, Switzerland. From 1986 to 1992 Fritschi was president of the FDP of the Canton of Zurich. From 1991 to 1992 he was a member of the Cantonal Council of the Canton of Zurich. On November 25, 1991, he was elected in the National Assembly. He resigned in 1999 after he no longer had support. 

Fritschi died at a hospital in Zurich, Switzerland from a short-illness at the age of 76.

John Harvard (politician)

John Harvard (June 4, 1938 – January 9, 2016) was a Canadian journalist and politician in Manitoba. He served as a federal Member of Parliament from 1988 to 2004, and was appointed the 23rd Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba just before Canada's federal election in 2004.

Harvard died in Manitoba at the age of 77.

Abbas Bahri

Abbas Bahri (1 January 1955 – 10 January 2016) was a Tunisian mathematician. He was the winner of the Fermat Prize and the Langevin Prize in mathematics. He was a professor of mathematics at Rutgers University.

He mainly studied the calculus of variations, partial differential equations, and differential geometry. He introduced the method of the critical points at infinity, which is a fundamental step in the calculus of variations.

On 10 January 2016, he died following a long illness at the age of 61.



Ann Z. Caracristi

Ann Zeilinger Caracristi (February 1, 1921 – January 10, 2016) was an American cryptanalyst. She was the former Deputy Director of the National Security Agency, where she served at many positions over a 40-year career. She served as a member of the Secretary of Defense Joint Security Commission and President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board. She became the first woman at NSA to be promoted to "GS-18" rank, in 1975. She was born in Bronxville, New York.

In 2002, her name was given to a Naval Intelligence Professionals' award. Caracristi died January 10, 2016, in Washington, D.C. from complications of dementia at the age of 94.

Veijo Meri

Veijo Väinö Valvo Meri (31 December 1928 – 21 June 2015) was a Finnish writer. His work was mainly about World War II and the Cold War. The work is anti-war and has dark humor. He was born in Viipuri, Finland. He wrote novels, short stories, poetry, and essays. He was known for his works; "Manila rope: A novel", "Private Jokinen’s marriage leave" and "Beneath the Polar Star: Glimpses of Finnish History". He won the Nordic Council's Literature Prize in 1973.

Meri died in Helsinki, Finland at the age of 86.

Wim Bleijenberg

Wim Bleijenberg (5 November 1930 – 10 January 2016) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a forward. He played for Wageningen, Rigtersbleek, Ajax, Blauw-Wit Amsterdam, Go Ahead Eagles, Apeldoorn and the national team. He was born in Veenendaal, Utrecht.

Bleijenberg died on 10 January 2016, aged 85.

Reginaldo Araújo

António Reginaldo Matias de Araújo (2 October 1977 – 11 January 2016) was a Brazilian footballer. He played as a defender. He played for Coritiba, São Paulo, Santos, Flamengo, Santa Cruz and Criciúma. He was born in Presidente Prudente, São Paulo.

Araújo died from a heart attack on 11 January 2016 in Cornélio Procópio, Paraná. He was 38.

Gunnel Vallquist

Gunnel Vallquist (19 June 1918 – 11 January 2016) was a Swedish writer and translator. She became a member of the Swedish Academy in 1982. She wrote over twenty books. She also translated "In Search of Lost Time" by Marcel Proust from French into Swedish. She was born in Stockholm.

Vallquist died on 11 January 2016, aged 97.

Brian Johnson (rugby league)

Brian James Johnson (26 June 1956 – 11 January 2016) was an Australian professional rugby league player and coach. He was born in Dapto, New South Wales. He played as a fullback. He played in Sydney for the St George Dragons and Eastern Suburbs. He later played in England for Warrington. 

Johnson died from Alzheimer's disease on 11 January 2016 in Wollongong, aged 59.

Darryl Cherney

Darryl Cherney (born 1950s) is an American musician and environmental activist. He is a member of the Earth First! environmental movement. He was born in New York City, New York, but raised in Eureka, California. Cherney ran for congress in the 1988 Democratic primary, but lost.

On May 24, 1990, Cherney and his friend, fellow activist Judi Bari, were injured when a pipe bomb exploded in his car. Both were severely injured by the explosion. The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), which accused Cherney of bombing themselves. He later sued the FBI and was later awarded $4.4 million. Bari died from her injuries. In 2012, Cherney's documentary movie "Who Bombed Judi Bari?" was released.

Cherney announced in 2015 that he was running for President of the United States for the Green Party nomination in the 2016 United States presidential election. He is running against Jill Stein for the nomination.


Jill Stein 2016 presidential campaign

Jill Stein, a physician from Massachusetts, is seeking the nomination of the Green Party of the United States for President in 2016. In 2012, Stein was the Green Party's nominee and received 469,501 votes for President of the United States in the 2012 general election.

On February 6, 2015, Stein announced the formation of an exploratory committee in preparation for a potential campaign for the Green Party's presidential nomination in the 2016.

She officially declared she was running for president for a second time during an appearance on Democracy Now! on June 22, 2015.

Prohibition Party

The Prohibition Party (PRO) is a political party in the United States. The party is known for its historic opposition to the sale or consumption of alcoholic beverages.

It is the oldest existing third party in the United States. The party was an important part of the temperance movement. While never one of the leading parties in the United States, it was once an important force in the Third Party System during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. This was also the case in mid century Europe. It declined dramatically after the repeal of Prohibition in 1933. 

The party earned only 519 votes in the 2012 presidential election with Jack Fellure as the candidate. James Hedges was the candidate in the 2016 presidential election winning 5,617 votes.


Doping in sport

In sport, doping is the use of a drug that athletes or competitors are not allowed to use. Certain drugs, such as steroids, are not allowed (or banned) in professional sports. This is because they can help a competitor's performance, by making them stronger or faster. This gives them an unfair advantage over other competitors. The drugs may be legal, but competitors will not be allowed to use them. Many sports make competitors take a drug test to prove that they are not using any drugs.


Gloria La Riva

Gloria Estela La Riva (born August 13, 1954, in Albuquerque, New Mexico) is an American politician. She works with the Party for Socialism and Liberation and in California with the Peace and Freedom Party, and previously with the Workers World Party. 

She was the PSL's 2008 presidential candidate, and was also vying for the nomination of the Peace and Freedom Party in California, but lost the bid to Ralph Nader. La Riva ran as the PSL's presidential candidate in the 2016 race, with Eugene Puryear as her running mate.

She is running for President in the 2020 election with Leonard Peltier as her running mate. 


Governor of New Mexico

The Governor of the State of New Mexico is the chief executive of the state of New Mexico. The governor is the head of the executive branch of New Mexico's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. They also make annual State of the State addresses to the New Mexico State Legislature, submitting the budget, and ensuring that state laws are enforced. 

The current governor is Michelle Lujan Grisham, a Democrat. Grisham won the November 2018 gubernatorial election and was sworn in as the 32nd Governor of the state of New Mexico on January 1, 2019. 

, there were four former governors of New Mexico living, the oldest being Jerry Apodaca (1975–1979, born 1934). The most recent governor of New Mexico to die and most recent to serve to die was Bill Richardson (2003–2011), who died on September 1, 2023.


Doping (semiconductor)

In electronics, doping is the process of adding certain chemical elements to a semiconductor in order to change its electric conductivity. These elements are tiny impurities. This is done to create diodes that make electricity go in one direction, or to make transistors and semiconductor switches.

When the element boron is added to silicon, the boron "dopant" is called an "acceptor" because it likes accepting electrons. When the element phosphorous is added to silicon, the phosphorous is called a "donor" because it does not like electrons.

There are two types of doping: (1) n-type(negative type) doping (2) p-type(positive type) doping

(1) n–type doping: In this, element with five valence electrons are added as impurity(pentavalent impurity or donor impurity) in the semiconductor. Semiconductor has four valence electrons, when it is doped with pentavalent impurity the four valence electron make covalent bonds and the remaining one is now free to move, this is how n-type doping increases conductivity of the semiconductor. The excess of electron (e) in the n-type semiconductor generates an overall negative charge and thus the name n-type semiconductor.

(2) p-type doping: In this, element with three valence electron are added as impurity (trivalent impurity or acceptor impurity) in the semiconductor. Three of the four electrons in the semiconductor bond with the three electrons of the dopant. The remaining electron could not make bond and thus the vacant space where electron should be there is created. This vacant space is know as holes. An electron from another atom jumps in the hole to fill it, leaving another hole where it was, and then the same thing continues. Thus, by this way conductivity is increased in p-type doping.

The impurities are added to the silicon through multiple processes, including "Spin Coating". A thin layer of phosphorus or boron, usually mixed with a liquid to help it spread out, is spun at high speeds on the silicon. The mixture spreads out the phosphorous or boron, and then is baked. 

Another process involves a scaled down particle accelerator that smashes atoms of the chosen "dopant" into the silicon, which adds the impurity, called "Ion Implantation".

Marc Allan Feldman

Marc Allan Feldman (October 10, 1959 - June 22, 2016) was an American physician, political commentator, and activist. Feldman was also a practicing physician. He had been employed at the Cleveland Clinic since August 1998. He was also the owner of a small business called Openivo, Inc. Feldman had also served as the president of the Ophthalmic Anesthesia Society.

On January 13, 2015 Feldman announced that he was running for President of the United States in the 2016 election as a Libertarian. His main goal in running was to address how much money influences the political system. He had called his campaign "Votes Not For Sale" and wouldn't take any donations over $5. On May 26, 2016, Feldman participated in a political debate at the 2016 Libertarian National Convention, alongside Gary Johnson, Austin Petersen, John McAfee, and Darryl W. Perry. Feldman would place fifth on the second nominating ballot, losing to Gary Johnson.

On June 22, 2016, Dr. Feldman was found unresponsive at the America's Best Value Inn in Brook Park, Ohio. He was pronounced dead at the scene a short time later. The cause of death was atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. 

Austin Petersen

Austin Wade Petersen (born February 19, 1981) is an American producer, writer, political activist, and commentator. He was the runner-up for the Libertarian Party's nomination for President of the United States in 2016, finishing second place to former governor Gary Johnson with 21% of the vote. 

As of 2016, Petersen is the owner and CEO of a photo and video consulting firm called Stonegait LLC and is the founder of "The Libertarian Republic" and "Liberty Viral", both libertarian news and commentary websites.

Petersen was born in Independence, Missouri, but raised on a farm in Peculiar, Missouri. He is the son of Donna and John D. Petersen. He studied at Missouri State University, where he graduated with a degree in musical theater.

Petersen was running for President of the United States in the 2016 presidential election for the presidential nomination for the Libertarian Party. 

After Gary Johnson won the nomination for President of the United States of the Libertarian Party (United States), Petersen delivered a concession speech. During the speech, Petersen said, "You have my full support, my full respect, and my gun!" and proceeded to gift Johnson with a replica of George Washington's flintlock pistol. Petersen could not, however, endorse Johnson's preferred Vice Presidential candidate, former Massachusetts Governor, William Weld. He threw his support to ballot access lawyer Alicia Dearn. Afterwards, Gary Johnson threw away the pistol that Austin Petersen had given him.

Petersen has stated his intention to return home to spend time with his family, to relax, and to recover from the strenuous months of campaigning. He looks forward to supporting Gary Johnson's presidential campaign and working to further the ideals of the Libertarian Party (United States).

A few months after losing the Libertarian Nomination for President Petersen has done Facebook Live streams where he talks about current political issues and has stated he is interested in running for President in 2020.

On July 4, 2017, Petersen announced that he is running under the Republican Party in the 2018 Missouri Senate race against current Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill.


John McAfee

John David McAfee (September 18, 1945 – June 23, 2021) was a British computer programmer. He was the developer of the first commercial anti-virus program. This bore the McAfee brand-name for years, until it was bought by Intel and given the Intel name.

McAfee was born in an U.S. Army base stationed in the United Kingdom. He was raised in Virginia and Alabama.

His wealth peaked at $100 million, before his investments suffered in the global crisis of 2007. McAfee also had interests in smartphone apps, yoga and all-natural antibiotics.

On September 8, 2015, McAfee announced that he would seek the office of President of the United States in the 2016 presidential election as the candidate of a newly formed political party called the Cyber Party. On December 24, 2015 he re-announced his candidacy bid, saying that he would instead seek the Libertarian nomination for President.

On June 4, 2018, McAfee announced his plans to run for president as a Libertarian in the 2020 presidential election.

On June 23, 2021, McAfee was found dead after committing suicide by hanging in a prison cell in Sant Esteve Sesrovires near Barcelona. Hours before his death, Spain approved for McAfee to be extradited to the United States for tax crimes.


Lionel Cranfield, 3rd Earl of Middlesex

Lionel Cranfield, 3rd Earl of Middlesex (1625 – 26 October 1674) was an English peer, named Hon. Lionel Cranfield from 1640 until 1651.

Cranfield became next Earl of Middlesex, after his brother, in 1651. Around 1655, he married Rachel, daughter of the Earl of Westmorland and widow of Henry Bourchier, 5th Earl of Bath. In May 1660, he was one of the six people selected by the Convention Parliament to ask Charles II of England to come back. He became a Gentleman of the Bedchamber to Charles II in 1673. He died the next year without children; his titles went to no one, and his property went to the son of his sister, Charles Sackville, 6th Earl of Dorset.

National Geographic (magazine)

The National Geographic, formerly The National Geographic Magazine, is the official magazine of the National Geographic Society. It has been published since the first issue in 1888. This was nine months after the Society itself was founded. It mostly contains articles about world culture, history and geography. Its famous trademark is the yellow rectangular border that goes around the cover of each issue. 

The magazine is published monthly. Additional maps are also included with subscription copies. It is available in a traditional printed format. Special and online formats are also available.

As of 2015-2016 the magazine had a worldwide circulation of 6.8 million per month. Its U.S. circulation is around 3.5 per month.

In 2008 the magazine won three National Magazine Awards. This included an award for general excellence the second year in a row.

On 9 September 2015, the National Geographic Society announced a deal with the 20th Century Fox that would move the magazine to a new partnership, National Geographic Partners, controlled by 20th Century Fox.

The magazine has had various editors since it was founded.

Berge Furre

Berge Ragnar Furre (13 April 1937 – 11 January 2016) was a Norwegian historian, theologian and politician. He was a member of the Socialist People's Party (SF) and later Socialist Left Party (SV). He was the leader of the Socialist Left Party from 1976 until 1983. He was also known for work on 1900s Norwegian history. He was born in Sjernarøy, Finnøy.

Furre died after an illness on 11 January 2016, aged 78.

Ivan Bukavshin

Ivan Aleksandrovich Bukavshin (; 3 May 1995 – 12 January 2016) was a Russian chess Grandmaster. He won the Russian Cup in 2015. He became Grandmaster in 2011. He was U12 European champion in 2006, U14 European Youth Champion in 2008 and U16 European champion in 2010. He was born in Rostov-on-Don.

Bukavshin died in Tolyatti on 12 January 2016. He was originally thought to have suffered a stroke. Now it is reported that a massive overdose (or poisoning) of Drotaverine caused his death. It is possible that the reports are consistent, because the overdose might have caused the stroke.


Rescue 911

Rescue 911 was an American reality-based television series. The show premiered on CBS on April 18, 1989 and ended on August 27, 1996. The series was hosted by William Shatner. It carried reenactments. It also included footage of real emergencies.

It was never intended as a teaching tool. However some viewers used the knowledge they got watching the show. There were two specials: "100 Lives Saved" and "200 Lives Saved". They were dedicated to viewers who wrote CBS with their stories about watching "Rescue 911".

The show carried two episodes on Hurricane Hugo. It also had episodes on the 1986 New Year's Eve fire in Puerto Rico. It covered a June 1990 tornado and a 1987 Amtrak train wreck.

A reboot of "Rescue 911" was scheduled for late 2019.

Missionaries of Charity

Missionaries of Charity (MC) is a Roman Catholic Latin rite congregation started on 7 October in 1950. It was founded by Mother Teresa. It started in the slums of Kolkata (Calcutta, India) with Mother Teresa and 12 sisters. It now has a membership of nearly 5,000 sisters worldwide. Members of the religious order show they belong to this group using the order's initials, "M.C." A sister who belongs to MC must follow their vows of chastity, poverty and obedience. There is also a fourth vow, to give "wholehearted free service to the poorest of the poor." MC members all wear the same white and blue habit that Mother Teresa wore.

In 1948 Mother Teresa changed her Sisters of Loreto habit to a simple cotton white sari with one blue stripe. Blue is the color of the Virgin Mary. The sari covered an all white habit. She (and later, her sisters of charity) wore the habit for over ten years. But parents of several Bengali sisters pointed out that the sari with one blue stripe was also worn by poor women who swept the streets of Calcutta. Mother Teresa and her sisters officially adopted the three blue stripes in 1960.

<br> 

Columba

Saint Columba (Irish "Colm Cille", "Columb of the Church"; 7 December, 521–9 June, 597) was an Irish priest and missionary. He left Ireland in 563 AD on his mission to bring Christianity to Dál Riata, now western Scotland. He built the famous monastery on the Island of Iona which became known as a "holy island'.

Columba was born on December 7, 521 A.D. in Gartan, County Donegal. His father was Fedhlimidh, a great-grandson of Niall of the Nine Hostages, 4th century High King of Ireland. His mother was Eithne of the Uí Néill clan. She was a member of the royal family of Leinster. While still young he decided on a monastic life. He was educated in Ireland at schools in Moville, Glasnevin and Clonard Abbey. He founded the Irish monasteries at Derry and at Durrow, County Offaly.

In about 563 AD, Columba and his followers left Donegal by boat and traveled to the island of Iona off the west coast of Scotland. His mission to Scotland may have been more a case of penance for a battle he may have caused. He refused to return a copy of the Gospels he had copied without permission. He upset the king of Ireland by his refusal, which led to a battle won by his clan. Columba felt remorse over the deaths this caused. Once there he and his monks began the religious conversion of most of Scotland which at that time was pagan. Their fame and influence spread to most of Europe. It became a place of pilgrimage. It also became known as a holy island where 48 kings of Scotland, 4 kings of Ireland and 8 kings of Norway are buried. In 597 Comumba died on Iona. Books on his life began being written a century later. The best known of these was written by Adomnán sometime between 697 and 700. He was proclaimed a saint before the modern process of canonization.


Jimmy Fitzmorris

James Edward "Jimmy" Fitzmorris, Jr. (November 15, 1921 – June 30, 2021) was an American businessman and civic leader. He was the Democratic Lieutenant Governor of Louisiana from 1972 to 1980. He was the first full-time lieutenant governor in state history. He was the last lieutenant governor whose duties included presiding over the Louisiana State Senate.

In 1979, he ran third in the nonpartisan blanket primary for governor. In 1983, he was unsuccessful is his effort to regain the lieutenant governor's office.

Fitzmorris died on June 30, 2021 in Slidell, Louisiana less than five months before his 100th birthday.

David Margulies

David Joseph Margulies (February 19, 1937 – January 11, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his roles as the Mayor of New York City in "Ghostbusters" and in "Ghostbusters II" and as Neil Mink in "The Sopranos". 

Margulies died in Manhattan, New York from unknown causes at the age of 78.


Bernie Worrell

George Bernard "Bernie" Worrell, Jr. (April 19, 1944 – June 24, 2016) was an American keyboardist and composer. He was best known as a founding member of Parliament-Funkadelic and for his work with Talking Heads. He was a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, inducted in 1997 with fifteen other members of Parliament-Funkadelic.

Worrell was born in Long Branch, New Jersey. He was raised in Plainfield, New Jersey. Worrell studied at Juilliard School. He lives in Hampton, New Jersey.

In January 2016, Worrell was diagnosed with stage-4 lung cancer.

Worrell died of the disease on June 24, 2016 in Everson, Washington, aged 72.




Tom Latham

Thomas Paul "Tom" Latham (born July 14, 1948) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for serving from 2013 through 2015. He is a member of the Republican Party. On December 17, 2013, Latham announced he would not seek reelection next term, becoming the third member of the House to announce his retirement on the same day (along with Rep. Frank Wolf from Virginia and Utah Rep. Jim Matheson).

Piet Steenkamp

Petrus Antonius Josephus Maria "Piet" Steenkamp (8 March 1925 – 8 January 2016) was a Dutch politician and economist. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA), which he co-founded. He was President of the Senate from 1983 to 1991. He was born in Uithoorn, North Holland.

Steenkamp died on 8 January 2016 in Eindhoven, North Brabant, aged 90.

Andrew Smith

Andrew Smith (September 9, 1990 – January 12, 2016) was an American basketball player. He was a center. He played college basketball for the Butler Bulldogs (Butler University) from 2009 to 2013. He played professionally for BC Neptūnas in Lithuania from 2013 to 2014. He was born in Washington, D.C. and grew up in Indianapolis, Indiana.

Smith died from non-Hodgkin lymphoma on January 12, 2016 in Indianapolis, at the age of 25.


Robert M. Cundick

Robert Milton Cundick, Sr. (1926 – January 7, 2016) was an American Latter-day Saint composer. He served for many years as an organist at the Salt Lake Tabernacle. At this role, he was a member of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. He also played organ solos on the weekly broadcast, "Music and the Spoken Word". He retired in 1991. After this, Cundick and his wife became Directors of Hosting at the BYU Jerusalem Center in Jerusalem, Israel. He was born in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Cundick died on January 7, 2016 at the age of 89.

Arthur S. Obermayer

Arthur S. Obermayer (July 17, 1931 – January 10, 2016) was an American entrepreneur and philanthropist. He was the founder and president of the Moleculon Research Corporation. He was a co-founder of Partners for Progressive Israel and the Obermayer German Jewish History Awards.

Obermayer was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He came from a German Jewish family. He was married to Judith Obermayer and had three children.

Obermayer died from cancer on January 10, 2016 in Dedham, Massachusetts, aged 84.

Yusuf Zuayyin

Yusuf Zuayyin (‎; 1931 – 10 January 2016) was a Syrian politician. He was a member of the Ba'ath Party. He served as Prime Minister from 1965 and, again, from 1966 to 1968. He was born in Al-Bukamal.

Zuayyin died after a long illness on 10 January 2016 in Stockholm, Sweden. He was 84.

J. F. R. Jacob

Jacob Farj Rafael Jacob (14 June 1923 – 13 January 2016) was an Indian Army Lieutenant General. He was best known for the role he played in India's victory in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 and the Liberation of Bangladesh. Jacob, then a Major General, served as the Chief of Staff of the Indian Army's Eastern Command during the war. He also served in World War II and the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965. He was the Governor of Goa and Punjab. He was also the administrator of Chandigarh between November 1999 and November 2003.

Jacob was born in Calcutta (now Kolkata), Bengal Presidency, British India. His family were Baghdadi Jews from Iraq.

Jacob died from pneumonia on 13 January 2016 in New Delhi, aged 92.

Carotenoid

Carotenoids (or tetraterpenoids) are organic pigments. They are found in the chloroplasts and chromoplasts of plants, and also some bacteria and fungi. 

The only animals known to produce carotenoids are aphids and mites, which got the genes from fungi. 

There are over 600 known carotenoids. They are of two types, xanthophylls (which contain oxygen) and carotenes (which are purely hydrocarbons with no oxygen). 

Carotenoids have two key roles in plants and algae: they absorb light energy for use in photosynthesis, and they protect chlorophyll from photodamage. Beta-carotene is the most common form in plants. 

Some carotenoids (like β-carotene) have vitamin A activity (so they can convert to retinol). These and other carotenoids can also act as antioxidants. In the eye, certain other carotenoids (lutein, astaxanthin, and zeaxanthin) apparently act directly to absorb damaging blue and near-ultraviolet light. This protects the macula of the retina, the part of the eye with the sharpest vision.

Marjorie Pizer

Marjorie Pizer (3 April 1920 – 4 January 2016) was an Australian poet. She wrote over twenty poetry books between 1947 and 2014. She created publishing group The Pinchgut Press with her husband in 1947.

Pizer was born in Melbourne, Victoria. She studied literature at the University of Melbourne. She lived most of her life in Sydney, New South Wales. Her husband was Muir Holburn, who died in 1960. They had two children.

Pizer died after a short illness 4 January 2016 in Canberra. She was 95.


Leo Rucka

Leopold Victor "Leo" Rucka (August 18, 1931 – January 4, 2016) was an American professional football player. He played as a linebacker for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL) in 1956. He was born in Wooster, Baytown, Texas.

Rucka died on January 4, 2016 in Crosby, Texas, aged 84.

János Radványi

János Radványi (4 August 1922 – 11 January 2016) was a Hungarian diplomat who became an American political scientist and academic professor. He served as Hungarian Ambassador to the United States between 1962 and 1967. He became an American citizen in 1978. He taught at Mississippi State University (MSU). He was born in Budapest.

Radványi died after a long illness on 11 January 2016, aged 93.

Cornelis Zitman

Cornelis Zitman (9 November 1926 – 10 January 2016) was a Dutch sculptor and draftsman. He was born in Leiden, Netherlands. He began teaching classes in design at Central University of Venezuela and continued drawing and painting. In 1958, he exhibited a collection of drawings and paintings at the Museum of Contemporary Art of Caracas. His works can be found in collections and museums of various countries, such as the National Art Gallery and the Museum of Contemporary Art of Caracas in Venezuela, and the Musée Maillol in Paris.

Zitman died on 10 January 2016 in Caracas at the age of 89.

Robert Black (serial killer)

Robert Black (21 April 1947 – 12 January 2016) was a Scottish serial killer convicted of the kidnapping and murder of four girls between the ages of 5 and 11, between 1981 and 1986 in the United Kingdom. He was convicted of sexually assaulting one of the girls, and of raping the other three. Black was also convicted of the kidnapping of a fifth girl, and the attempted kidnapping of a sixth. Black was born in Grangemouth, Stirlingshire.

Black was arrested on 14 July 1990, near Stow, Scotland. The following month, Black was convicted of abduction and was sentenced to life imprisonment. Black was attacked in his Wakefield prison cell in July 1995 after being ambushed by two inmates.

Black died on 12 January 2016 of natural causes in Maghaberry prison, Northern Ireland, aged 68.

Peter Gavin Hall

Peter Gavin Hall FAA FRS AO (20 November 1951 – 9 January 2016) was an Australian researcher in probability theory and mathematical statistics. The American Statistical Association described him as one of the most influential and prolific theoretical statisticians in the history of the field. Hall was an author in probability and statistics. Mathscinet lists him with more than 500 publications as of January 2008.

Hall died in Melbourne, Victoria from leukaemia at the age of 64.

Georg Nees

Georg Nees (23 June 1926 – 3 January 2016) was a German academic. He was a pioneer of computer art and generative graphics. He studied mathematics, physics and philosophy in Erlangen and Stuttgart and was scientific advisor at the SEMIOSIS, International Journal of semiotics and aesthetics. He was born in Nuremberg, Germany.

In 1977, he was appointed Honorary Professor of Applied computer science at the University of Erlangen Nees is one of the "3N" computer pioneers, an abbreviation that has become acknowledged for Frieder Nake, Georg Nees and A. Michael Noll, whose computer graphics were created with digital computers. He retired in 1985.

Nees died on 3 January 2016 in Nuremberg, Germany of heart failure at the age of 89.

Canadian Pacific Air Lines

Canadian Pacific Air Lines, also known as CP Air, was a Canadian airline. It existed from 1942 to 1987. In the 1940s, several small airlines were combined to form CP Air. Air Canada was owned by the government and CP Air could not fly the same routes that Air Canada flew. So in 1949, the airline started international flights to Australia, China, Fiji and The Netherlands. These were countries that Air Canada did not service. In 1961, it bought its first jet aircraft - a Douglas DC-8. By the 1960s CP Air flew to several cities across 5 continents—Asia, Australia, Europe, North America and South America. In the early 1980s CP Air was allowed to fly wherever it wanted. It rapidly increased the number of planes and opened several new routes. By 1987, the airline had a debt of $1 billion. In 1987 Air Canada was privatized by the National Transportation Act. The company Pacific Western Airlines then purchased Canadian Pacific Airlines. It was renamed Canadian Airlines. Canadian Airlines itself was combined with Air Canada in 2001.

Zaharije Trnavčević

Zaharije Trnavčević (; 2 January 1926 – 13 January 2016) was a Serbian journalist and politician. He was president of the political party Rich Serbia from 2011 until his death. He became a member of parliament in 2012. He was acting President of the National Assembly of Serbia from 31 May 2012 to 23 July 2012. He was born in Šabac.

Trnavčević died on 13 January 2016 in Belgrade, aged 90.

Giorgio Gomelsky

Giorgio Gomelsky (28 February 1934 – 13 January 2016) was a Georgian-British record producer, band manager, filmmaker and impresario. He owned the Crawdaddy Club in Richmond, London. He managed the rock bands The Rolling Stones and The Yardbirds. He also worked closely with Daevid Allen. In 1967, he started Marmalade Records (distributed by Polydor). He wrote songs under the name "Oscar Rasputin".

Gomelsky was born in Tiflis (now Tbilisi). His father was a doctor and his mother was from Monte Carlo. He grew up in many countries including Syria, Egypt, Italy and Switzerland. He moved to London, United Kingdom when he was a young adult in the 1950s. In the 1970s, he moved to New York City, United States.

Gomelsky died from cancer on 13 January 2016 in New York City. He was 81.


Leonid Zhabotinsky

Leonid Ivanovych Zhabotynsky (; 28 January 1938 – 14 January 2016) was a Soviet weightlifter. He set 19 world records in the super heavyweight class. He won gold medals at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics.

Zhabotinsky was born in a village in Uspenka, Sumy Oblast, Ukrainian SSR. He was born a Cossack family. He was married and had two sons. He became a Russian citizen after the dissolution of the Soviet Union.

Zhabotinsky died after a long illness on 14 January 2016 in Zaporizhia. He was 77.

Shaolin (humorist)

Francisco Jozenilton Veloso (8 May 1971 – 14 January 2016), better known by his stage name Shaolin, was a Brazilian cartoonist, caricaturist, humorist, comedian, actor and media presenter. His best known shows were "Domingão do Faustão", "A Praça É Nossa", "Show do Tom", and "Tudo è Possível".

Shaolin was born in Coremas, Paraíba. He was married to Laudiceia Veloso and had two children. In January 2011, he was badly injured in a car accident.

Shaolin died from a heart attack on 14 January 2016 in Campina Grande. He was 44.

Gender dysphoria

Gender dysphoria is a term used by psychologists and physicians. It describes people who strongly feel they are not the gender they were born with. It used to be called "gender identity disorder." It is a condition accompanied by stress, anxiety, and depression. To be diagnosed with gender dysphoria now, patients must show strong cross-gender feelings that persist over time. It is not just a desire to change sex for some advantage they might think exists. People with gender dysphoria are often transgender. They take steps to help their gender dysphoria. A step they could take is to take testosterone or estrogen (this is often called hormone replacement therapy, or "HRT"). Transgender women take estrogen. Transgender men take testosterone. For children, puberty blockers may be taken instead. They can also get surgery. One surgery for transgender men is removal (to get rid of) breasts. This makes the chest flat. The flat chest makes them happy because they look more like a man. Another surgery for both transgender men and transgender women is Genital Reconstruction Surgery. This means they can get a penis or a vulva.

Gender dysphoria may cause many to become alone but not by choice. It often leads to avoiding or dropping out of school. Feminine speech patterns and ways of acting are common in people who were born male with gender dysphoria. Teenagers in particular are at risk of suicide.

The World Health Organization (WHO) renamed Gender Identity Disorder to Gender Dysphoria in 2019. The DSM-5 renamed it in 2013. 

The American Psychiatric Association gives a diagnosis of gender dysphoria in teenagers or adults if they feel two or more of these feelings.


To be diagnosed, the person must have enough distress about their feelings.

Scientists have theories that gender dysphoria is related to genetic and hormone levels during pregnancy. At the early stages of pregnancy, all babies begin with a female brain structure. Later in pregnancy, male babies have their body and brain masculinized by hormones like testosterone. It is theorised that less or extra testosterone during important times of the pregnancy may be related to gender dysphoria 

A 2020 review of several studies reported that transwomen had female-typical digit ratios (finger lengths on the right hand) while transmen had more male-typical finger lengths. Digit ratio is related to the level of testosterone exposure while a baby is growing during pregnancy. This supports the idea that hormones in the womb are related to gender dysphoria and transgender identity.

Different studies find different numbers of people with gender dysphoria. In a New Zealand study, 1.2% of people responded "yes" to a question asking if they thought they were transgender. A study in Massachusetts found that 0.5% of adults say they are transgender. 


Sucre

Sucre is the capital city of Bolivia. It was also known as Charcas, La Plata, and Chuquisaca in the past. About 250,000 people lived there in 2006. Sucre lies at an altitude of and is the sixth largest city in Bolivia. The city is named after Antonio José de Sucre, an 18th century revolutionary leader.

Petty officer

A petty officer is a non-commissioned officer in the navies of many countries. In the United States Navy, it is a pay grade of E-4 to E-9. Petty officers who are E-7 to E-9 are called "Chief", "Senior Chief", or "Master Chief" Petty Officers. Petty officers are managers for sailors that work for them. They are managed by officers and do work that they are told to do. Petty officers are often told to manage seamen and lower ranked petty officers.

In the United States Navy, petty officers are promoted by taking a test and being evaluated every year. If they do good enough, they are promoted to the next rank.

The badge that a petty officer wears is used to show the rank of the person wearing it. In the United States, petty officers have been wearing a badge since 1841.

Aarhus City Hall

Aarhus City Hall is the city hall for Aarhus, Denmark. Aarhus City Hall was opened on 2 June 1941. The building's architects were Arne Jacobsen and Erik Møller. In 1937, a meeting was held to build the city hall. Aarhus City Hall has unique architecture and was marked for preservation in 1994. In the first drawings for the building, the city hall didn't have a tower. The tower was added later.

The city hall has a total area of 19,380 square meters including the basement. The tower is 60 meters tall and the tower clock face has a diameter of 7 meters. The building is made of concrete plated with marble from Porsgrunn in Norway.

Multinational

The word multinational can mean:

Lamborghini Huracán

The Lamborghini Huracán is a sports car built by Lamborghini. It replaced the Lamborghini Gallardo. It has been produced from 2014 to present. The name "Huracán" comes from the Spanish language. It means Hurricane. Huracán was also the name of a brave fighting bull. And the Mayan god of wind, storm and fire.

The LP610-4 is the base model of the Huracán. It is a coupe with two doors and two seats. The name "LP610-4" means that the car has a longitudinal engine with 449 kW and all-wheel drive.

The "'LP620-2" is a rear-wheel drive version of the LP610-4 coupé. It is built especially for the Lamborghini Blancpain Super Trofeo Series, a race series for Lamborghini only.

The LP610-4 Spyder is a convertible version of the LP610-4 coupé. It was first shown at the 2015 International Motor Show Germany in Frankfurt. It has the same engine as the LP610-4 coupé.

The LP580-2 is also a coupé on the basis of the LP610-4, but instead has 427 kW and rear-wheel drive. This is to decrease the cost.

The Huracán has the same mid-engine V10 as the Lamborghini Gallardo. It has 449 kW. The displacement of the engine is 5,204 cm.
The top speed of the Huracán is 325 km/h. It can accelerate to 100 km/h in 2.5 seconds. The Huracán weighs 1,422 kg, which means it has a power-to-mass ratio of 0.32 kW per kg. The maximum torque is 560 N⋅m at 6,500 rpm. The CO emissions are 290g/km.


William Needles

George William Needles CM, LL.D, (January 2, 1919 – January 12, 2016) was an American-born Canadian actor and teacher. He was born in Yonkers, New York, and raised in Kitchener, Ontario.

Needles member of the acting company of the Stratford Shakespeare Festival since its inception in 1953, he has appeared in over one hundred roles with the company, among which are Albany in "King Lear" (1964 and 1972); the Duke of Venice in "The Merchant of Venice" (1996); the White King in "Alice Through the Looking Glass" (1996); the Lord Mayor in "Richard III" (1997); the Shepherd in "Oedipus Rex" (1997); Merriman in "The Importance of Being Earnest" (2000); Mortimer in ""(2002).

Needles died in Allison, Ontario from natural causes at the age of 97.


Twin Falls County, Idaho

Twin Falls County is a county in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 Census, the county had a population of 90,046. The county seat and largest city is Twin Falls.

Butterfly effect

Methane is the second most abundant anthropogenic GHG after carbon dioxide (CO), accounting for about 20 percent of global emissions. Methane is more than 25 times as potent as carbon dioxide at trapping heat in the atmosphere. The butterfly effects helps scientists look at this problem.

The butterfly effect is an idea from chaos theory. A small change can "sometimes" make much bigger changes happen. One small incident may have a big impact on the future. The emphasis here is on the words "may" and "can". There is no general theory which tells us what is going to happen.

Weather and events are hard to forecast, but that doesn't mean when a butterfly flaps its wings in Tokyo and Arsenal lose a match in the English Premier League. That's just silly and impossible. However, what seem to be tiny changes in a planet's orbit can and do cause big changes to the weather: see Milankovich cycle.

Author Ray Bradbury wrote the short story "A Sound of Thunder" with this idea— time travelers make a very small change in the past that makes a large change in the present. However, remember that time travel is impossible, or at least has never been shown to be possible.


Extermination camp

Extermination camps (also known as death camps) were built by Nazi Germany during World War II. The goal of the death camps was to kill millions of people as quickly as possible. At the death camps, people were murdered mostly by being given poison gas in gas chambers. However, the Nazis also killed many people in other ways at the death camps. They killed some in mass executions (for example, by shooting many people at once). They killed others through "extermination through labor." This was by making prisoners do very hard forced labor without giving them the food, medical care, or other basic things they needed to survive. Many other people died at the death camps from starvation, illness, and freezing to death.

The Nazis sent many different kinds of people to the death camps. However, about 90% of the people killed in the death camps were Jewish. Nazi Germany wanted to 'exterminate' the Jewish people (they wanted to kill all of the Jews, so they would not exist any more). This plan was called the Final Solution. It is now called the Holocaust.

The fascist Ustaše government in the Independent State of Croatia also set up death camps during World War II. At death camps like Jasenovac, they murdered many Serbs, Jews, and other people. As many as 750,000 Serbs may have been killed at these death camps.

The Nazis believed that some groups of people were better than others. They thought that the Aryan race was the best of all. They believed that people who were not "Aryan" were "inferior". They also believed that non-Ayrans were the cause of Germany's problems. They thought that some groups of people did not even deserve to live. These groups included people with disabilities. The Nazis called these people "Lebensunwertes Leben" - "life unworthy of life."

In 1939, the Nazi "Schutzstaffel" (SS) started a program to kill everyone who was "unworthy of life." They called this secret program the Action T4 euthanasia program. As part of this program, they killed 70,000 people with disabilities, using carbon monoxide gas. This was the first time the Nazis had used poison gas to kill people.

Two years later, the Nazis built the first death camps. Using the things they learned by gassing people with disabilities, the Nazis had decided to start the Final Solution - killing all of the Jewish people, mostly by gassing them. Before the Nazis were ready to kill large numbers of people in gas chambers, the SS "Einsatzgruppen" started killing many people at a time by shooting them.

At the Wannsee Conference in January 1942, the Nazis made it clear that they planned to kill all the Jews in Europe. Adolf Eichmann was put in charge of this program. After this, the Nazis built more death camps, with the goal of killing millions of Jewish people with poison gas.

The Nazis used death camps and concentration camps for different things. The goal of the death camps was genocide. Their purpose was to kill people who were sent to the camps on trains, thousands at a time. At death camps like Bełżec, Sobibór, and Treblinka, people were usually killed within a few hours after they got to the camps.

Concentration camps were different from death camps. Some of the more infamous concentration camps were Buchenwald, Bergen-Belsen, Dachau, and Ravensbrück. These were prison camps which the Nazis set up before World War II started. The Nazis sent people who they did not want in their society to these concentration camps. The Nazis forced millions of people to do forced labor in the concentration camps. Prisoners in concentration camps made up about 25% of the workers in Nazi Germany. Even though the concentration camps were not designed for mass murder, over 75% of the people sent to these camps died because of starvation, illness, exhaustion, executions, and physical abuse.

In the early years of World War II, the Jews were mostly sent to concentration camps. However, from 1942 onward, they were mostly deported to the death camps. They were told they were being "resettled" - sent to other places to live. The Nazis built many of the death camps in Poland, which the Nazis controlled. They did this because most of the people they wanted to kill lived in Poland. Poland had the most Jewish people in the parts of Europe that the Nazis controlled. Also, since these death camps were not in Germany, the Nazis could hide what they were doing from the German people.

The Nazis created two types of death camps. Some were "pure extermination camps." Their only purpose was to kill people. Others were a combination of concentration camps and death camps. At these camps, the Nazis would kill some people right away. They would force others to work as slaves until they died.

The first death camps were Treblinka, Bełżec, and Sobibór. They were built during Operation Reinhard (October 1941 – November 1943), whose goal was to kill all of Poland's Jews. Trains full of people were sent to these camps, and were murdered as soon as they got there. At first, the camp's guards used carbon monoxide to kill the prisoners. They then buried their bodies in mass graves. Later, when there were too many bodies to bury, they started burning the bodies. So they could kill people and get rid of their bodies more quickly, the Nazis built gas chambers and crematoria in Treblinka and Bełżec. At Bełżec, they also started using Zyklon-B poison gas to kill people.

On December 8, 1941, the Nazis opened another death camp called Chełmno. At first, they killed prisoners at Chelmno inside vans, using carbon monoxide exhaust fumes. Later, like at the other death camps, the Nazis built gas chambers so they could kill more people at a time. Almost all of the prisoners sent to Chelmno were killed right away. However, the Nazis forced a few strong men into work units called "Sonderkommando". These prisoners were forced to help take dead bodies out of the gas chambers and burn them.

The death camps were small (only several hundred meters long and wide). They also had very little housing or other buildings. Because of this, the Nazis were able to trick the prisoners when they arrived. The Nazis told them they would only be staying at the camp for a short time, before continuing to a work camp farther east. This kept the prisoners from panicking or fighting back.

After they decided to start the "Final Solution," the Nazis built gas chambers and crematoria inside some of the concentration camps that already existed, like Auschwitz and Majdanek.

When people arrived at these camps, they would go through a process called "selection." Nazi guards would choose which prisoners would be kept to work as slaves, and which would be sent right to the gas chambers to be killed. Usually, the Nazis sent elderly people, sick people, and very young children right to the gas chambers. Healthy people were often kept for slave labor, and were forced to work until they were too sick or starved to work as fast as the Nazis wanted. Then the Nazis would "select" them for the gas chambers.

With the support of Nazi Germany and fascist Italy, the Independent State of Croatia (ISC) was created on 10 April 1941. It was ruled by the fascist Ustaše government, which agreed with the Nazis' ideas about race and politics. The Ustaše agreed with the idea that all Jews and Roma people should be killed. They also agreed with the Nazis that socialists and communists were political enemies.

The Ustaše built death camps in the Independent State of Croatia and helped with the Nazis' "Final Solution" by killing many Jews and Roma. However, their main goal was to kill all of the Serbian people in the ISC. The Ustaše treated the Serbian people so cruelly that even the Germans were shocked.

The first Ustaše camp was Jadovno concentration camp. It held thousands of Serbs and Jews from May to August 1941. Prisoners were usually killed by being pushed into deep ravines near the camp.

The Jasenovac concentration camp replaced Jadovno. Jasenovac was a very large group of many camps. Many prisoners who arrived at Jasenovac were immediately scheduled to be killed. Strong men who could work, and were sentenced to less than three years in the camp, were allowed to live. However, all prisoners sentenced to three years or more were immediately scheduled for execution.

Some prisoners at Jasenovac were killed with poison gas or in mass shootings. However, the Ustaše guards killed many prisoners using their hands, or tools like knives and hammers.

In 1941, top Nazi official Heinrich Himmler went to see a group of "Einsatzgruppen" perform a mass shooting. The group's commanding officer told him that shooting so many people was psychologically harming the soldiers doing the shootings. Himmler decided the Nazis needed to find another way of killing people. After the war, the diary of Auschwitz's Commandant, Rudolf Höss, showed that many "Einsatzkommandos" – the killers – either went mad or killed themselves. He wrote that they did this because they were psychologically "unable to endure wading through blood any longer."

The Nazis had learned from their T-4 program that they could kill people using carbon monoxide. However, they thought sending carbon monoxide to the death camps would be too expensive.

In August 1941, Höss' deputy, Karl Fritzsch, tested out an idea. At Auschwitz, clothes infected with lice were treated with crystals of prussic acid (hydrogen cyanide). The crystals' brand name was Zyklon-B. They were made to order by the IG Farben chemicals company. Once their container was opened, the Zyklon-B crystals in the air released a deadly cyanide gas. Fritzch thought this gas could be used to kill prisoners. To try out the effects, he locked some Soviet prisoners of war in the basement of a bunker and gassed them. They died.

Gassing with Zyklon-B became Auschwitz's way to exterminate people. It would also be used at Majdanek and other camps. Besides gassing, the camp guards continued to kill prisoners through mass shootings, starvation, torture, and abuse.

During the war, Nazi official Kurt Gerstein told a Swedish diplomat about life in a death camp. On 19 August 1942, Gerstein arrived at Bełżec extermination camp, which had carbon monoxide gas chamber. At the time 45 railroad cars, filled with 6,700 Jews, were being unloaded. Many of the Jews had died on the trip. The rest were marched naked to the gas chambers. There Gerstein said:

<nowiki>

To keep people from panicking and fighting back, the Nazis told the prisoners they were going to shower and get deloused (get lice removed). Prisoner "Sonderkommando" were forced to help in and around the gas chambers. They encouraged the Jews to undress without a hint of what was about to happen. (If the "Sonderkommando" warned the prisoners, they too would be killed.) The gas chambers were designed to look like shower rooms (with fake water nozzles, and tile walls). The "Sonderkommando" talked to the victims about life in the camp to keep people from getting suspicious. They also helped the elderly and the very young to undress. The "Sonderkommando" also comforted older children who might cry "because of the strangeness of being undressed in this fashion".

Once the gas chamber was full of people and the door was sealed, Nazi guards dropped Zyklon B through special holes in the roof.
As part of their training, some high-ranked Nazi Party leaders and SS officers were sent to Auschwitz–Birkenau to watch the gassings. Höss reported that "all were deeply impressed by what they saw ... [but some] ... who had previously spoken most loudly, about the [need] for this extermination, fell silent once they had actually seen the 'final solution of the Jewish problem'."

After the gassings, the "Sonderkommando" removed the corpses from the gas chambers, then took gold teeth out of the bodies. At first, the victims were buried in mass graves. Later, victims' bodies were cremated. The ashes were either buried, scattered, or dumped in a nearby river.

In his memoir, Auschwitz Commandant Höss wrote that the "Sonderkommando" had to:

Hess wrote that he was impressed by how hard the "Sonderkommando" worked, even though they knew they would also be killed eventually.

Eventually, the Nazis were killing so many people at Auschwitz-Birkenau that they had three buildings with crematoria designed by specialists from Topf und Söhne. At Auschwitz, prisoners worked every hour of the day to destroy corpses. However, people were being gassed so quickly that not every body could be destroyed in the crematoria. Some corpses were also burned in an open air fire pit.<ref name="B/G-199"></ref>

At Sobibór, Treblinka, Bełżec, and Chełmno, the corpses were burned on pyres.

Historians estimate that the Nazis murdered over three million people in these camps:
When they realized they were going to lose World War II, the Nazis tried to destroy the death camps in order to hide the evidence of what they had done. They wanted to hide evidence that so many people had been killed. This meant they needed to destroy the camps, and also hide the corpses of their many victims. The Nazis forced prisoners to destroy the camps and their records, and to dig up mass graves.

Some extermination camps were liberated (taken over and freed) by Soviet soldiers before the Nazis could destroy evidence of their war crimes. For example, Majdanek was captured nearly intact before the Nazis were able to destroy very much. This happened because the Soviet Red Army got to the camp very quickly, which prevented the SS from destroying most of the camp.


Southeast African cheetah

The Southeast African cheetah ("Acinonyx jubatus jubatus") is the nominate subspecies of cheetah native to Southern Africa. It is the most abundant subspecies estimated at more than 6,000 individuals in the wild. Since 1990 and onwards, the population was estimated at approximately 2,500 individuals in Namibia, until 2015, the cheetah population has been increased to more than 3,500 in the country.

The Southeast African Cheetah is the closest relative to the two other distinct subspecies, the Asiatic Cheetahs and the Northeast African Cheetah.

Rose Chibambo

Rose Lomathinda Chibambo (8 September 1928 – 12 January 2016) was a known British-born Malawi politician and activist. She was the Protectorate of Nyasaland in the years leading up to independence as the state of Malawi in 1964, and immediately after. 

She was imprisoned in 1959, while pregnant with her 5th child, along with other Malawians whom the Federal government felt were a threat to British rule. After Malawi gained independence, Chibambo was the first woman minister in the new cabinet. She was forced into exile for thirty years, returning after the restoration of democracy.

On 1 January 2012, she was honored by being place on Malawi’s 200 Kwacha banknote.

Chibambo died from a heart attack at a hospital in Blantyre, Malawi at the age of 87. 

Lawrence Phillips

Lawrence Lamond Phillips (May 12, 1975 – January 13, 2016) was a professional American football and Canadian football running back. He was a two-time college football national champion at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln for the Nebraska Cornhuskers. He was born in Little Rock, Arkansas. Many people consider the 1995 Nebraska Cornhuskers, on which Phillips played, to be the greatest college football team of all time.

Phillips played in the National Football League for the St. Louis Rams, Miami Dolphins, and San Francisco 49ers from 1996 through 1999, and for the Montreal Alouettes and Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League in 2002 and 2003.

He was arrested several times during the course of his life. In 2015, Phillips was charged with the murder of his former cellmate, Damion Soward. 

Phillips died January 13, 2016, at Kern Valley State Prison in Delano, California from an apparent suicide attempt, where he was serving a seven-year term for felony assault with a deadly weapon, at the age of 40.

Brian Bedford

Brian Bedford (16 February 1935 – 13 January 2016) was an English actor. He has appeared on the stage and in movies, and is known for both acting in and directing Shakespeare. In movies, Bedford is known for his role as Clyde Tolson in the 1994 movie "Nixon". He won a Tony Award in 1971 and five Drama Desk Awards during his career.

Bedford was born in Morley, West Riding of Yorkshire, England. He was openly gay. Bedford met actor Tim MacDonald in the 1980s and got married in 2013. Bedford died on 13 January 2016 in Santa Barbara, California from cancer at the age of 80.


Paul G. Kirk

Paul Grattan Kirk, Jr. (born January 18, 1938) is an American lawyer and politician. He served as a United States Senator from Massachusetts from 2009 to 2010, having been appointed to fill the seat created by the death of Ted Kennedy.

From 1985 to 1989, he served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee (DNC). On January 14, 2016, Kirk announced his endorsement in Hanover, New Hampshire in support of the presidential campaign for Bernie Sanders.

Robert Reich

Robert Bernard Reich (; born June 24, 1946) is an American political economist, professor, author, and political commentator. He served in the administrations of Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter and was the United States Secretary of Labor under President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1997.

Reich is diagnosed with multiple epiphyseal dysplasia, also known as Fairbanks disease, and stands at 4 feet 10.5 inches (1.486 m).

In January 2016, Reich announced his endorsement for Senator Bernie Sanders for President of the United States.


Franco Citti

Franco Citti (23 April 1935 – 14 January 2016) was an Italian actor. He acted in over fifty movies between the early 1960s and the late 1990s. He was best known to non-Italian audiences as Calò in "The Godfather" (1972) and "The Godfather Part III" (1990). He also appeared in the movies "Accattone" (1961) and "Oedipus Rex" (1967).

Citti was born in Fiumicino, Rome. His brother was the director and screenwriter Sergio Citti (1933–2005).

Citti died on 14 January 2016 in Rome, aged 80.

Ken Judge

Ken Judge (15 January 1958 – 15 January 2016) was an Australian rules footballer and coach. He played for East Fremantle, Hawthorn and the Brisbane Bears during the 1970s and 1980s. He also coached Hawthorn from 1996 to 1999 and the West Coast Eagles from 2000 to 2001.

Judge died from multiple myeloma on his 58th birthday (15 January 2016) in Perth, Western Australia.

Murphy, Idaho

Murphy is an unincorporated census-designated place in Owyhee County, Idaho, United States. It is the county seat of Owyhee County, It is one of the smallest county seats in the country. As of the 2020 census, its population was 96.

Murphy was formed around a railhead (end of the rail line) of the "Boise, Nampa and Owyhee Railroad" built in 1899. The town became the county seat in 1934. The railroad operated until 1947.

The town was named after Cornelius "Con" Murphy, a crew boss with the railroad. 
Murphy is located at , at an elevation of above sea level; it is south of Nampa.

Murphy's airstrip is located northeast of the town. It does not have a control tower. Its paved runway is long.


Carolyn D. Wright

Carolyn D. "C. D." Wright (January 6, 1949 – January 12, 2016) was an American poet. Se was born in Mountain Home, Arkansas. In 1977 the publishing company founded by Frank Stanford, Lost Roads, published Wright's first collection, "Room Rented by A Single Woman". In 1983 she moved to Providence, Rhode Island to teach writing at Brown University as the Israel J. Kapstein Professor of English. In 2013, Wright was elected a chancellor of the Academy of American Poets. 

Wright died on January 12, 2016 from cancer in Barrington, Rhode Island at the age of 67.



Barrington, Rhode Island

Barrington (pronounced ) is a New England town in Bristol County, Rhode Island, United States. The population was 17,153 at the 2020 census.

In July 2005, CNN/Money and "Money" magazine ranked Barrington sixth on its list of the 100 best places to live in the United States.


The Revenant (2015 movie)

The Revenant is a 2015 American semi-biographical western movie set in 1823 Montana and South Dakota.

It was directed by Alejandro G. Iñárritu. It was written by Mark L. Smith and Iñárritu. It is based in part on Michael Punke's "The Revenant: A Novel of Revenge". It stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hardy, Will Poulter, and Domhnall Gleeson.

"The Revenant" premiered at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles on December 16, 2015 and had a limited release on December 25, 2015, followed by a wide release on January 8, 2016. It got really positive reviews. It won three Golden Globe Awards and five BAFTA Awards, including Best Film at both shows. At the 88th Academy Awards, the movie received 12 nominations, including Best Picture and Best Supporting Actor (Hardy), winning Best Director (Iñárritu), Best Actor (DiCaprio), and Best Cinematography (Emmanuel Lubezki).


Jay Roach

Matthew Jay Roach (born June 14, 1957) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for directing the "Austin Powers" movies and "Meet the Parents". He also directed the comedy movie "Dinner for Schmucks" (2010), the HBO political dramas "Recount" (2008) and "Game Change" (2012), and the political comedy "The Campaign" (2012). His twelfth movie, the biographical drama "Trumbo", was released on November 6, 2015 to positive reviews. He won two Emmy Awards (2008, 2012).

Richard Linklater

Richard Stuart Linklater (; born July 30, 1960) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He is known for his movies "Dazed and Confused" (1993), "Before Sunrise" (1995), "Before Sunset" (2004), "Before Midnight" (2013), "School of Rock" (2003), "Waking Life" (2001) and "A Scanner Darkly" (2006). 

In 2002 he began filming "Boyhood" (2014), a passion project which took over twelve years to finish. The movie was premiered in 2014 to critical acclaim. Linklater won the Golden Globe, Critics' Choice Movie Awards and BAFTAs for Best Director and Best Picture. He also received his first nomination for the Academy Award for Best Director, along with nominations for Original Screenplay and Picture.


Tera Wray

Tera Lents (April 14, 1982 – January 13, 2016), better known by her stage name Tera Wray, was an American pornographic actress. She appeared in around 25 adult movies between 2007 and 2014.

Wray was born in Louisville, Kentucky. She was married to Wayne Static from 2008 until his death in 2014.

Wray died on January 13, 2016 in California, aged 33. Her death was reported as a suicide.


Ellen Meiksins Wood

Ellen Meiksins Wood (April 12, 1942 – January 13, 2016) was an American-Canadian Marxist historian and scholar. She was a publisher of the "Monthly Review" from 1997 to 2000, along with Harry Magdoff and Paul Sweezy. She wrote over ten books. Her books "The Retreat from Class" and "The Origin of Capitalism" won awards. She was a leading Marxist theorist.

Wood was born in New York City. Her parents were Latvian Jews. She was married to Neal Wood until his death in 2003. They had two children. She was later married to politician Ed Broadbent.

Wood died from cancer on January 13, 2016 in Ottawa, Ontario. She was 73.

Jade (American band)

Jade is an American hip hop-soul group. The group began in 1991. They split in 1997 and reformed in 2014. The group's members are Joi Marshall, Tonya Kelly and Myracle Holloway. The group is from Chicago.

The group had hit songs with "I Wanna Love You Down" and "Don't Walk Away" in 1992 and 1993. Their second album, "Mind, Body & Song", was released in 1994.

Dave Sime

David William "Dave" Sime (July 25, 1936 – January 12, 2016) was an American sprinter. He ranked as one of the fastest humans of all time. He held many sprint records during the late 1950s. He won a silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy. He later became an ophthalmologist (type of eye doctor) and pioneer of intraocular lens transplants.

Sime was born in Paterson, New Jersey. He grew up in Fair Lawn, New Jersey. He was married and had three children.

Sime died from cancer on January 12, 2016 in Miami, Florida. He was 79.

ASASSN-15lh

ASASSN-15lh is a supernova detected on 14 June 2015. It is the most luminous supernova ever detected. At its brightest it was 50 times brighter than the whole Milky Way.

The supernova is some 3.8 billion light-years from Earth. It was found by the All Sky Automated Survey for SuperNovae (ASAS-SN).

Francis Rossi

Sir Francis Dominic Nicholas Michael Rossi (born 29 May 1949) is an English singer, songwriter and musician. He is best known as the co-founder, lead singer and lead guitarist of the rock band Status Quo. His genres mix from early psychedelic rock, hard rock, pop rock, blues rock/rock n roll even country rock and heavy metal. 

Rossi was born in Forest Hill, London. He is of Italian and Northern Irish ancestry. He is teetotal.

Kalevi Lehtovirta

Kalevi Valdemar Lehtovirta (20 February 1928 – 10 January 2016) was a Finnish footballer. He played as a striker. He played for TuWe Turku, Pyrkivä Turku, Red Star, TPS, and the Finland national football team. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Turku.

Lehtovirta died on 10 January 2016 in Turku, aged 87.

Dime (United States coin)

The U.S. dime is a coin of the United States. It is worth ten cents. The denomination was authorized by the Coinage Act of 1792. The design of the dime has changed since the dime was introduced.

Baby Got Back

"Baby Got Back" is a 1992 hip hop song by Sir Mix-A-Lot. The song is about larger than normal buttocks. At the time of its release, some found the lyrics objectionable.

At the beginning of the song, two girls are talking. One says: "Oh my God, Becky. Look at her butt!"

The video of the song was banned by MTV for a short time.

The song was #1 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.

In late January 2013, a preview of the show "Glee" included a cover of "Baby Got Back". Jonathan Coulton claimed "Glee" copied his version of the song.

Alaric I

Alaric I, also Alaricus, (reigned 394–410 AD) was a leader of the Visigoths. He is famous as the Gothic leader who sacked the city of Rome in 410 AD. Very little about his family is known. As a young man he received much of his military training in the Roman army. He next appears as a war leader of Gothic forces fighting along with Roman troops at the Battle of the Frigidus in 394. In January 395 the emperor Theodosius I died dividing his empire between his two sons. Alaric revolted and as the leader of the Visigoths he attacked parts of the Eastern Roman Empire. He later attacked the Western Roman Empire. In 408 he attempted to attack Rome but was bribed to leave. He returned two years later, defeated and occupied the city. He died in 411.

Alaric was born on an island on the delta of the Danube River. He was a member of the noble Balti dynasty of Visigoths. He was first mentioned in 394 AD as a commander under the Roman Emperor Theodosius I in his war against Eugenius. He became the leader or king of the Visigoths in the mid 390s. Alaric rebelled against Emperor Arcadius in 395 and invaded Greece. When he came to the walls of Athens, the city paid a heavy ransom so he left them unharmed. He then defeated Corinth, Argos and Sparta. He continued to lay waste to Greece until 397 when the Roman general Stilicho surrounded Alaric's army at Arcadia. They cut off the water to the Gothic camp and thought it was impossible for Alarc to escape. But Alaric broke through their lines and marched to the north over very difficult terrain. Alaric then made a treaty with Arcadius. Stilicho returned to Italy without having defeated Alaric.

In 401-402 AD Alaric entered Italy. He tried the same tactics he used earlier but was unsuccessful against the Roman army. At the Battle of Pollentia in 402, the Roman army defeated the goths. Alaric's wife was one of those captured by the Romans. However, the Visigoth losses were very few and Alaric's army left in good order. Alaric crossed the Po River intending on attacking Rome but was met and defeated again by Stilicho at the Battle of Verona. Alaric's army attacked across the Danube and Rhine Rivers again in 405 and 406 AD. Stilicho, who was now ruling in the name of the Emperor Honorius, made a treaty with Alaric. But Stilicho was killed in 408. Alaric invaded Italy again and demanded Stilicho's promises to him be kept.

From late 408 AD, the Visigoth army camped outside Rome. Alaric demanded payment from Honorius, who was safe in Ravenna, which the emperor refused to pay.

Zosimus the historian wrote the only known account of the last negotiations before Rome was sacked:
On August 24, 410 AD, Rome's city gates were opened by slaves. Alaric's Visigoths began three days of murdering and plundering. However according to Augustine of Hippo their fury was bridled for the Christians of the city: "their furious rage for slaughter was bridled, and their eagerness to take prisoners was quenched. Thus escaped multitudes who now reproach the Christian religion, and impute to Christ the ills that have befallen their city; but the preservation of their own lives — a boon which they owe to the respect entertained for Christ by the barbarians". They damaged buildings and stole from tombs of former emperors. It was the first time in 800 years that Rome was sacked. But the Visigoths continued their destruction further south in Italy. The casualties were high on both sides. The Romans lost an estimated 15,000 men while the Visigoths lost about 17,000.

Alaric planned to move his army into Sicily and then on to Africa. But he died soon after Rome fell in 410 AD. Ataulf succeeded Alaric as king and took the army into Gaul.


Dickin Medal

The PDSA Dickin Medal is an award for animals. It was created in the United Kingdom, by Maria Dickin, in 1943. At first, the award's goal was to honor the work of animals during World War II. The award is often called "the animals' Victoria Cross."

Maria Dickin was the creator of the People's Dispensary for Sick Animals (PDSA), a British veterinary charity. She created the award for any animal who showed "conspicuous gallantry [obvious bravery]" and devotion to its job while serving with the United Kingdom's armed forces or their allies. The Medal was awarded 54 times between 1943 and 1949 – to 32 pigeons, 18 dogs, three horses, and one cat.

The PDSA started awarding the Dickin Medal again in 2000. In that year, they honored a Newfoundland dog named Gander. The award was given posthumously - after Gander's death. During the Battle of Hong Kong in World War II, Gander had saved the lives of Canadian soldiers.

In early 2002, three dogs were awarded the Dickin Medal for their work in responding to the September 11 attacks. The PDSA also awarded the Medal to two dogs serving with the British military in Bosnia-Herzegovina and Iraq. 

In December 2007, 12 animals who had received the Dickin Medal and were buried at the PDSA Animal Cemetery in Ilford, Essex, were given full military honors. This marked the end of a project to restore the cemetery, which was aided by the United Kingdom's National Lottery.

The first recipients of the Medal, in December 1943, were three pigeons. Serving with the Royal Air Force, all three helped make it possible to rescue air crew from ditched planes during the Second World War. The most recent animal to receive the Medal was Diesel, a dog who was killed while serving with the French police during the November 2015 Paris attacks. Diesel's award will be presented in a ceremony in 2016. As of December 2015, the Dickin Medal has been awarded 66 times.

Throughout history, homing pigeons have been used to carry messages over long distances. Homing pigeons can find their way home over very long distances. Because of this special ability, homing pigeons have often been used in wars to carry messages. For example, air force flyers could carry homing pigeons in their planes. If a plane started to crash, the airmen could throw the pigeon out of the plane with a message attached to its leg saying where the plane was crashing. The pigeon would find its way back "home" - to a military base - where the message would tell the military where to look for their stranded pilots.

The United Kingdom used about 250,000 homing pigeons in World War II. Of these, 32 were awarded the Dickin Medal for carrying messages that helped save lives:

Horses have been used in wars for over 5,000 years. By World War II, they were usually not used in battle. However, they were used for scout units, and also to carry soldiers and supplies.

"See also: Famous Ship's Cats: Simon"


Irma Khetsuriani

Irma Khetsuriani () is a wheelchair fencer from Georgia. She tried to help women and sportspeople with disabilities in Georgia. She is the first woman to be a member of the Georgia national wheelchair fencing team. She works for the Georgian Paralympic Committee as an office manager.

Khersuriani is from Abkhazia and lived in Ochamchire until she was 7 years old. Her family left Abkhazia during the 2008 South Ossetia war. Following the war in the region, she lived in Kutaisi and Tskhaltubo. She started the University of Kutaisi when she was 17 years old. She studied English and computers. She got spinal disease when she was 20 years old and became disabled. Because of this, she quit university to fix her health problems.

Khersuriani works for the Georgian Paralympic Committee as an office manager. A friend from Tiblisi found the job for her. Her mother did not want her to take the job and move away from them to Tiblisi.

One of Khersuriani's hobbies is dancing. Because not many people in Tiblisi do this, people stare. One of Khersuriani's best friend is another wheelchair fencer from Georgia, Temo Dadiani also from Abkhazia. The friends met at a rehabilitation center in Ukraine.

Khersuriani helps disability sport in Georgia, talking to the government and asking them to give more money for sports in 2015. She has also helped to improve the lives of people with disabilities in Georgian, including being part of a Persons With Disabilities Day in 2013, and participating in events with the United Nations.

Khersuriani is a wheelchair fencer. She is the first female wheelchair fencer in Georgia. She trains each data with five men who make up are also members of the Georgia national wheelchair fencing team. She was ranked for the first time as one of the best fencers in the world after having played the sport for eight months. She is coached by Malkhaz Meskhi ("Georgian":  მალხაზ მესხმა).

Khersuriani first tried the fencing when people at the Georgian Paralympic Committee asked her to. before this, she had only watched a few movies that had fencing in them. Her first experience with the sport was bad, and she cried during the it. It was hard for her, and she continued with the sport when she wanted to quit mostly because of her coach.

At the 2014 IWAS Wheelchair Fencing World Cup in Germany, she finished fifth. At the  2014 Montreal Grand Prix, Khersuriani won a bronze medal in the women’s foil. She won a bronze medal match after losing to Germany's Simone Briese-Baetke in the semi-final. Competing in the Category B women’s epee at the same competition, she lost to Ellen Geddes of the United States 9 - 15 in the quarterfinals. Khersuriani finished fifth. At the November 2014 Polish Wheelchair Fencing Open, she won a two medals, a bronze in the Foil, and a silver in the Sabre.

At a 2015 World Cup event in Pisa, Italy, Khersuriani finished ninth. She lost in the group stage and did not go further in the competition. One of her losses was to Hong Kong's Zhongwan Ping by a score of 15 - 7. At the 2015 IWAS World Championships in Eger, Hungary in August, she won a silver medal in the women’s sabre B. She lost to Ukraine's Tetiana Pozdniak by a score of 13-15 in the gold medal match. She made the final after beating Poland's Patrycja Hareza. After Hungary, she was ranked as the best wheelchair fencer in the world for the first time. In October 2015, she won gold at a World Cup in Paris in the Senior Women’s Sabre B event after beating Patrycja Hareza of Poland in the final by a score of 15 - 9. In making the finals, she beat wheelchair fencers from France, Greece, the United Kingdom, Poland and Ukraine. Unlike most competitors at the competition, she competed in all three wheelchair fencing disciplines: Sabre, Foil and Épée.

Boulton &amp; Watt

Boulton & Watt was an early British engineering and manufacturing firm. They were very significant in the early industrial revolution. The partners were the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton and the Scottish engineer James Watt.

The firm designed and made marine and stationary steam engines. It was founded in the English West Midlands around Birmingham in 1775, and grew to be a major producer of steam engines in the 19th century.

The Boulton and Watt steam engine was the first to use steam at above atmospheric pressure. This was a great step in the development of the steam engine. Watt's invention was a key point in the Industrial Revolution.
Their engines were used for pumping water in canals, mines, and waterworks, and for driving machines.

At first the partnership made the drawing and specifications for the engines, and supervised the work to erect it on the customers property. They produced almost none of the parts themselves. Watt did most of his work at his home in Harper’s Hill in Birmingham, while Boulton worked at the Soho Manufactory.

Gradually the partners began to actually make more and more of the parts, and by 1795 they purchased a property about a mile away from the Soho manufactory, on the banks of the Birmingham Canal. There they built a new foundry for making the engines. The Soho Foundry opened in 1796 at a time when Watt’s sons, Gregory and James Jr. were heavily involved in the management of the enterprise. In 1800, the year of Watt’s retirement, the firm made a total of forty-one engines.

Watt retired in 1800, the same year that his fundamental patent and partnership with Boulton expired. The famous partnership was transferred to the men's sons, Matthew Robinson Boulton and James Watt Jr. Longtime firm engineer William Murdoch was soon made a partner and the firm prospered.

Province of Lugo

Lugo is a province of northwestern Spain, in the northeastern part of the autonomous community of Galicia. It is bordered by the provinces of Ourense, Pontevedra, and A Coruña, the principality of Asturias, León, and in the north by the Cantabrian Sea (Bay of Biscay). 

The population is 356,595 (2006), of whom a quarter live in the capital Lugo. The capital city was an ancient Celtic settlement named in honour of the god Lugh (see Lyon), later Latinised as "Lucus Augusti", and which became one of the three main important Galician-Roman centres alongside Braccara Augusta and Asturica Augusta (modern Braga and Astorga respectively). The province has 67 municipalities.

Pareto distribution

The Pareto distribution is a probability distribution named after Vilfredo Pareto. It is continuous and follows a power law. It is a heavy tailed distribution. The Pareto distribution was first used to show how income is distributed among households (which is commonly called Income distribution). Pareto distributions are often used in the cases when many different small independent factors contribute to a result. Pareto wrote a book called "Cours d'économie politique", where he tried to show that the number of people who have an income greater than x is proportional to formula_1. The parameter formula_2 is constant, and about 1.5. This is all that is needed to describe the Pareto distribution. Insurance companies often use Pareto distributions to model damage.

P. J. Mara

Patrick James "P. J." Mara (1942 – 15 January 2016) was an Irish public affairs consultant and former senator. He was best known as a political adviser to former Taoiseach Charles Haughey. He served briefly in the Seanad on two separate occasions, in 1981 and 1982. He was nominated by the Taoiseach Charles Haughey. 

Mara served as Press Secretary to Fianna Fáil between 1983 and 1987. In 1987 he was appointed Government Press Secretary, and he held this position until February 1992, when he left the public service to move into the private sector. He later returned to serve as Fianna Fáil director of elections for the 1997, 2002, and 2007 general elections.

He was regularly lampooned on the satirical RTÉ radio sketch show "Scrap Saturday", which ran from 1989 to 1991.

Mara died on 15 January 2016 at a hospital after a long-illness in Dublin, Ireland at the age of 73. 

Wally Wingert

Wallace Eugene Wingert (born August 16, 1961) is an American actor, voice actor, singer, performer and former radio personality. He is best known as the announcer for the second incarnation of "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", and the current voice of Jon Arbuckle in "The Garfield Show". He is also known for his role as one of the Almighty Tallest in "Invader Zim" (along with Kevin McDonald), Ant-Man/Giant-Man from "", the Riddler from the "" video game series, and "Renji Abarai" from "Bleach".



In 1989, Wingert parodied the song "Wild, Wild West" on the Dr. Demento radio show as "Adam West," in response to the casting of Michael Keaton as the title character for that year's Batman movie.


George Carroll (judge)

George Carroll (January 6, 1922 – January 14, 2016) was an American lawyer. He was an important civic figure in Contra Costa County, California and the city of Richmond. He was born in Brooklyn, New York.

He was the first black lawyer in Richmond, California. In 1961 Carroll became the first African American elected to the city council (1961–1964) and later became the first black mayor of Richmond (1964–1965) or any large American city.

Carroll died in his sleep on January 14, 2015 in Richmond, California from respiratory failure at the age of 94.

Gastón Guzmán

Gastón Guzmán (August 26, 1932 – January 12, 2016) was a Mexican mycologist and anthropologist. He was an authority on the genus "Psilocybe". He was born in Xalapa, Veracruz. 

Guzmán began his career in 1955. During his early field work, he found many species which was little known at the time. This inspired him to choose fungi as the topic of his professional thesis. He was the co-founder and former president of the Mexican Mycological Society (1965), he was also president of the Latin American Mycological Association (2000–2002). He retired in 2010.

Guzmán died of a heart attack in Guadalajara, Mexico on January 12, 2016 at the age of 83. He is survived by his daughter, Laura Guzmán Dávalos, is also a mycologist.

Kiwi Travel International Airlines

Kiwi Travel International Airlines was a discount airline from New Zealand. It flew both scheduled (planned) and charters (irregular/unplanned) flights from New Zealand to Australia, Samoa and Tonga. The airline borrowed airplanes from many different companies.At different times, it flew Boeing 727, Boeing 737, Boeing 757 and Airbus A320 airplanes. The airline was among one of the first low-cost carriers. In December 1995, Air New Zealand started Freedom Air. It was another discount airline intended to compete with Kiwi. In September 1996, Kiwi Travel stopped flying due to the intense competition from Freedom Air. Ewan Wilson, the former CEO of Kiwi Travel International, is involved with starting a new airline, Kiwi Regional Airlines.

Qaisra Shahraz

Qaisra Shahraz (born 1959) is a British-Pakistani novelist and scriptwriter, college inspector, teacher and freelance journalist.

Bano Qudsia

Bano Qudsia (28 November 1928 – 4 February 2017) is a Pakistani writer. She wrote mostly in Urdu. Her most famous novel was "Raja Gidh" (published in 1981). She wrote more than forty novels and plays. She was born in Firozpur, Punjab, India.

Qudsia died on 4 February 2017 in Lahore at the age of 88.

Musa (genus)

Musa is one of two or three genera in the family Musaceae; it includes bananas and plantains. Around 70 species of "Musa" are known, with a broad variety of uses.

Many bananas and plantains grow as high as trees, but they are not woody. Their apparent "stem" is made up of the bases of the huge leaf stalks. For this reason, they are technically gigantic herbs.

"Musa" species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species, including the giant leopard moth and other "Hypercompe" species, including "H. albescens" (only recorded on "Musa"), "H. eridanus", and "H. icasia".

Breakwater

Breakwaters are structures built to protect structures along a coastline against the impact of waves. They reduce the intensity of waves, and lessen the amount of erosion.

Oleksandr Shevchenko

Oleksandr Oksentiyovych Shevchenko (; 26 June 1937 – 15 January 2016) was a Ukrainian scientist, judge, politician, and teacher. He was the deputy of the Svoboda party from 2012 to 2014. He was later a member of the Petro Poroshenko Bloc until 15 September 2015. He supported the right to bear arms and was against the death penalty. He was born in Simferopol Raion, Crimea, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Shevchenko died on 15 January 2016 at the age of 78.

Manuel Velázquez

Manuel Velázquez Villaverde (24 January 1943 – 15 January 2016) was a Spanish footballer. He played as a striker. He played for Plus Ultra, Rayo Vallecano, Málaga, Real Madrid, and Toronto Metros-Croatia. He also played for the Spain national football team. He was born in Madrid.

Velázquez died on 15 January 2016 in Madrid, aged 72.

Rajesh Vivek

Rajesh Vivek Upadhyay (31 January 1949 – 14 January 2016) was an Indian actor. He was best known for his roles in "Lagaan", "Swades", "Mahabharat", "Mujhse Shaadi Karogi", "Bharat Ek Khoj", "What's Your Raashee?" and "Bunty Aur Babli". He was born in Jaunpur, Uttar Pradesh.

Vivek died from heart attack on 14 January 2016 in Hyderabad, Telangana. He was 66.


Lycra

Lycra is a type of synthetic fabric that is very elastic. It is also called Spandex or elastane. The name "spandex" is an anagram of the word "expands".

Lycra was invented in 1958 , United States. It was invented by Joseph Shivers, a chemist. It is made from a combination of polyester and polyurethane.

Because of its elasticity and strength, lycra is often used to make clothing. It is commonly mixed with cotton to make things like tights, bras,Lycra shirt,Dr199 and underwear. Lycra is especially common in sports clothing, such as wrestling singlets. It is also often used to make swimsuits and wetsuits, because lycra dries more quickly than many other fabrics.

Types of Lycra Fabric

Aside from the varied manufacturing processes that can be used to make this fabric, there are no distinct differences between Lycra, elastane, and spandex. It is, however, important to know more about each term:

Lycra: As a registered trademark of the DuPont corporation, the "Lycra" brand is one of the most reliable and high-quality forms of elastane fabric on the market. However, elastane that has been branded as Lycra can sometimes cost more than other types of spandex

Elastane: The term "elastane" is most commonly used in Europe, and each continental European language has a slightly different version of this word. Elastane is the most technically correct term used to describe these polyether-polyurea copolymer fabrics.

Spandex: Despite the persistence of a common misconception, spandex is not a registered trademark of any company. Instead, it is the term that DuPont originally used to describe their polyurethane fabric during the development process. "Spandex" is an anagram of "expands," and the attractive simplicity of this name has made it the preferred term for referring to elastane products in the United States and elsewhere.

Where Is Lycra Fabric Produced?
Lycra is a trademark of DuPont, and it is only made by this international corporation. DuPont has manufacturing locations in more than 90 countries, which means that this fabric could be made in any number of areas around the world.

Overall, the international spandex industry has shifted eastward in the last few decades as China has risen to the fore as the dominant manufacturing power in the world. DuPont has a number of factories in China, and many other companies also manufacture spandex in this country.

The future of Lycra fabric production around the world looks bright. A ReportBuyer report from 2018 indicates that this fabric will continue to be made in greater and greater quantities until at least 2023, and all signs indicate that this production boom will continue far past this projected date.
ow

Does Lycra Fabric Impact the Environment
The production of Lycra is not considered to be inherently detrimental to the environment. While it's true that the production of elastane fabrics requires high levels of energy and the use of a variety of toxic chemicals, unlike fabrics like nylon, the raw ingredients for Lycra are not derived from non-renewable resources like petroleum oil.

Instead, these ingredients are fully synthesized in laboratory settings, and DuPont is one of the world's leaders in sustainable and safe elastane manufacturing processes. There's no getting around the fact that the production of Lycra involves carcinogenic chemicals, but scientific research has indicated that elastane factory workers in Sweden exhibit negligibly greater cancer risk, which seems to indicate that workplaces in which this material is made are not very hazardous. No studies have been done, however, to examine the impact of elastane production on workers in other countries.


Thomas Newcomen

Thomas Newcomen (February 1664 – 5 August 1729) was an English inventor. He made the first practical steam engine for pumping water, the Newcomen steam engine.

Newcomen was an ironmonger and a Baptist lay preacher. He was born in Dartmouth, Devon, England, to a merchant family and baptised at St. Saviour's Church on 24 February 1664.

Flooding in coal and tin mines was a large problem. Newcomen was trying to improve ways to pump out the water from the mines. His ironmonger's business specialised in tools for the mining industry.

His first engine was not very efficient, and used a lot of coal. The Watt steam engine, was much more fuel efficient. Watt and his partner Matthew Boulton got substantial royalties because their machines saved so much on fuel bills.

There are examples of Newcomen engines in the Science Museum (London) and the Ford Museum, Dearborn, Michigan.

Perhaps the last Newcomen-style engine to be used commercially – and the last still on its original site – is at the Elsecar Heritage Centre, near Barnsley in South Yorkshire. Newcomen engines that can be seen working are the Newcomen Memorial Engine at Dartmouth and the replica engine at the Black Country Museum in Dudley, West Midlands.

Superphylum

A superphylum is an unofficial grade in taxonomy, above the phylum and below the subregnum, used to describe a group of phyla which probably evolved from a common ancestor.

It is used especially in the animal kingdom. Examples:


Chinese name

Chinese names () are names for people in Chinese languages. They are mostly used by Chinese people, but some Korean people and Vietnamese people also use forms of Chinese names.

Modern Chinese names are made up of a surname and a personal name. The surname ("xìng" ) appears first. It is usually only one syllable. The personal name ("míng" ) appears second. It is nearly always either one or two syllables. When written, each syllable is written with one character. So a person's name will usually be written with two or three characters. For example, Wei () of the Zhang () family – currently China's most common single name – is called "Zhang Wei" and written as .

Before the 20th century, educated Chinese people also used a "courtesy name" or "style name" ("zì" ). This is the name by which they were known among those outside of their family and friends.

Lennie Bluett

Lennie Bluett (January 21, 1919 – January 1, 2016), was an American actor, pianist, dancer and singer. He was born in Los Angeles, California. Bluett played a soldier in "Gone With the Wind" in 1939. He also appeared in "Mighty Joe Young" and in "A Star Is Born".

Bluett died on January 1, 2016 in Los Angeles at the age of 96.

Conrad Phillips

Conrad Phillips (born Conrad Philip Havord; 13 April 1925 – 13 January 2016) was a British movie and television actor. He was born in London, England. He was known for playing William Tell in "The Adventures of William Tell" and for guest-star role as Mr. Lloyd in "Fawlty Towers".

Phillips died in Chippenham, Wiltshire from complications of pneumonia at the age of 90.


Household

In economics, a household is the name given to a number of people who live in the same place, and who share a number of things. Very often, this is the case with a family, but this need not be the case. People living in the same household profit, because they can share some of the expenses.

It is an important concept in social security. People in the same household are expected to support each other. Benefits for the poor are generally based on households.

Eddie Robinson (baseball)

William Edward Robinson (December 15, 1920 – October 4, 2021) was an American Major League Baseball first baseman, scout, coach and front office executive of the 1940s, 1950s, 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. He was the author of an autobiography, published in 2011, "Lucky Me: My Sixty-five Years in Baseball".

Robinson was born in Paris, Texas. He studied at Pairs Junior College. His career began in September 1942.

Robinson played for the Cleveland Indians in 1942, again from 1946 through 1948 and lastly in 1957. He also played for the Washington Senators from 1949 through 1950, for the Chicago White Sox from 1950 through 1952, the Philadelphia Athletics in 1953, the New York Yankees from 1954 through 1956, the Detroit Tigers in 1957, and for the Baltimore Orioles in 1957.

After the death of Val Heim on November 21, 2019, Robinson became the oldest living player. He turned 100 in December 2020.

Robinson died on October 4, 2021 in Bastrop, Texas at the age of 100.


TAP Portugal

TAP Portugal is the flag carrier airline of Portugal. Its headquarters and hub are at Lisbon Portela Airport. TAP operates about 2,000 flights a week to 88 destinations in 38 countries worldwide.

TAP Portugal was founded on March 14, 1945. It began flying on September 19, 1945. It's first flight was from Lisbon to Madrid. The one-millionth passenger flew on TAP on 19 June 1964, 18 years after the airline began operations. In 1969, TAP began flying New York City. Boston was added to the New York service in 1970. TAP bought Boeing 747 airplanes during the 1970s. In 1975, TAP was nationalized, becoming a state-owned corporation (Empresa Pública) and changing its name to TAP Air Portugal in March 1979. TAP became a member of Star Alliance in 2005. 

XTRA Airways

Avelo Airlines is a ultra low-cost carrier from the United States. It began in 1987. It was first known as "Casino Express Airlines" and provided a few flights per week. In 2005, it was renamed "XTRA Airways" and started flying only for hire. The airline's headquarters was in Coral Gables, Florida. In 2016, XTRA had 9 airplanes.

In 2021, XTRA announced it had rebranded to AVELO Airlines and started flying public flights once again. The rebranded airline used a low-cost business model.

Googleplex

Googleplex is the head office of Google, Inc. The office is located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway in Mountain View, Santa Clara County, California, United States, near San Jose.

The original complex has 2,000,000 square feet (190,000 m) of office space. It is the company's second largest building. The Bay View addition to the building was added in 2015. This made it part of the biggest collection of Google buildings. It has 3,100,000 square feet (290,000 m) of space.

The place was owned by Silicon Graphics in the past. The office space and corporate campus is in a bigger 26-acre (110,000 m) site. The place also includes Charleston Park and better connection to Permanente Creek, as well as roads that connect to Shoreline Park and the Bay Trail. The project was started in 1994. It was built on the site of one of the working farms in the area.The city owned it at the time.

Google got the facilities in early 2003. Clive Wilkinson Architects redesigned the inside in 2005. Google bought some of Silicon Graphics' properties in June 2006 for $319 million.

The buildings are not tall, but the complex covers a large area of land. The inside of the headquarters has items like shade lamps and giant rubber balls for decoration. The lobby has a piano and a projection of current live Google searches. There are also facilities like free laundry rooms, two small swimming pools, volleyball courts, and eighteen cafeterias with different menus. Google has also put in models of SpaceShipOne and a dinosaur skeleton.

Since 2007 the place has a set of solar panels covering the roofs of eight buildings and two solar carports. These can produce 1.6 megawatts of electricity. 30% of the peak electricity demand comes from the panels in their solar-powered buildings.

In 2013 construction started on a new 1.1 million square foot headquarters campus called "Bay View". This was next to the original campus on leased from NASA. The estimated cost of the project is $120 million with a target opening date of 2015.

NBBJ is the architect of the addition. This is also the first time Google has designed its own buildings.

The addition is close to northeast corner of the complex. Google tried to get permission from the city to build bridges over Stevens Creek before announcing its construction. Google's 2012 year-end annual report says that it can expand only of the site.

The Googleplex was featured in the 2013 film "The Internship", with the Georgia Tech campus standing in as a double. It was also the inspiration for the fictional Hooli headquarters in the HBO TV series "Silicon Valley".

Rudolf Höss

Rudolf Franz Ferdinand Höss (also Höß, Hoeß, or Hoess; 25 November 1901 – 16 April 1947) was a high-ranking member of the Nazi "Schutzstaffel" (SS) during World War II. He was in charge of Auschwitz concentration camp for about four years from 4 May 1940-18 January 1945. He was put on trial in 1947 at the Auschwitz concentration camp on 16 April 1947 at the age of 45. Höss was friends with Martin Bormann a Nazi official. 

During World War II, Nazi Germany, led by Adolf Hitler, decided to exterminate (kill all of) the Jewish people in Europe. They called this plan the "Final Solution". The Nazis also sent many other people to concentration camps and extermination camps (death camps). As Commandant (commander) at Auschwitz, Höss tested and started using different ways of killing these people more quickly. He started using Zyklon B, a pesticide with hydrogen cyanide in it, to kill prisoners in gas chambers. This allowed Nazi soldiers at Auschwitz to murder 2,000 people every hour. At Auschwitz, he created the largest place meant for the constant mass murder of human beings ever known in history.

Höss joined the Nazi Party in 1922, and joined the SS in 1934. From 4 May 1940 to November 1943, and again from 8 May 1944 to 18 January 1945, he was in charge of Auschwitz. Before Nazi Germany lost World War II, more than a million people were murdered at Auschwitz. Höss was hanged in 1947 after he was found guilty at a trial in Warsaw, Poland.

Höss was born in Baden-Baden, Germany, on 25 November 1900. His parents were Franz Xaver Höss and Lina Höss. He was the oldest of three children, and was the only son. Höss's family was very Catholic.

In his autobiography, Höss said that he was briefly kidnapped by Gypsies when he was a child.

Höss's father was a former German army officer who had served in German East Africa (a German colony that included what are now Burundi, Rwanda, and part of Tanzania). After leaving the army, he ran a tea and coffee business. He brought up his son based on strict Catholic beliefs, and with military discipline. He had decided that Höss would become a Catholic priest. During Höss's early childhood, he was constantly being told about sin, guilt, and the need to do penance.

Höss began turning against religion as a young teenager. This happened after he gave a confession to a priest (he told the priest what he had done wrong). In Catholicism, the "Seal of the Confessional" is supposed to be unbreakable. This means a priest is never supposed to tell anyone what someone has said in a confession. Höss said he started to dislike religion when the priest told Höss's father about something Höss had said in a confession. Soon after this, Höss's father died, and Höss began moving toward a military life.

When World War I started, Höss served briefly in a military hospital. Then, at age 14, he was allowed to join his father's and grandfather's old regiment, the German Army's 21st Regiment of Dragoons. At age 15, he fought with the Ottoman Sixth Army at Baghdad, at Kut-el-Amara, and in Palestine. While stationed in Turkey, he rose to the rank of " (sergeant). At age 17, he was the youngest non-commissioned officer in the German Army. While in the Army, he was injured three times and got malaria. He was awarded the Ottoman Empire's Gallipoli Star, the Iron Cross first and second class, and other decorations.

After Germany surrendered in November 1918, Höss finished high school. Soon, he joined the nationalist paramilitary groups that were forming. First, he joined the East Prussian Volunteer Corps. Then he joined the " in the countries around the Baltic Sea, Silesia, and the Ruhr. Höss participated in the armed terror attacks on Polish people during the Silesian Uprisings (when the Polish people tried to break away from German control). He also participated in terror attacks on French nationals during the Occupation of the Ruhr (when the Ruhr valley in Germany was occupied by France and Belgium).

Höss joined the Nazi Party in 1922 after hearing Adolf Hitler's speech in Munich. Höss led at least one political assassination, and spent six years in jail for it.

On 31 May 1923, in Mecklenburg, Germany, Höss and members of the "Freikorps" (German volunteer soldiers) beat to death a local schoolteacher named Walther Kadow. They did this because Martin Bormann wanted them to. Bormann later became Hitler's private secretary. Bormann thought that Kadow had told the French occupational government Nazi soldier Albert Leo Schlageter was sabotaging French supply lines. Schlageter was arrested and executed on 26 May 1923. Soon afterward, Höss and several accomplices, including Bormann, killed Kadow out of revenge. In 1923, after one of the killers confessed to a local newspaper, Höss was arrested and tried as the leader of the murder. Höss later said than another man was actually in charge, but at the time, Höss accepted the blame as the group's leader. He was convicted and sentenced (on 15 or 17 May 1924). His sentence was for 10 years in Brandenburg Penitentiary (prison). Bormann was sentenced to one year in prison.

Höss was released in July 1928 as part of a general amnesty. He joined the "" ("Artaman League"), a nationalist "back-to-the-land" movement that supported clean, farm living.

On 17 August 1929, Höss married Hedwig Hensel (3 March 1908 – 15 September 1989), whom he met in the Artaman League. Between 1930 and 1943, they had five children: two sons (Klaus and Hans-Jürgen) and three daughters (Heidetraut, Inge-brigitt and Annegret).

Höss became a member of the SS on 1 April 1934, when Heinrich Himmler encouraged all Nazi men to join the SS. Höss joined the "SS-Totenkopfverbände" (Death's Head Units) in the same year. He came to admire Himmler so much that he thought whatever Himmler said was "gospel." He even preferred to display Himmler's picture in his office instead of Hitler's.

Höss was assigned to the Dachau concentration camp in December 1934. There, he where he held the post of "Blockführer" ("Block Leader"), meaning he was in charge of one barracks of prisoners. In 1938, Höss was promoted to "SS-Hauptsturmführer" (Captain), and was made an assistant to Hermann Baranowski in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp.

Höss joined the Waffen-SS in 1939 after Nazi Germany invaded Poland. Höss was good at his job, and his bosses suggested that he should be promoted (given a better job). By the end of his tour of duty there, Höss was in charge of prisoners' belongings.

On 1 May 1940, Höss was appointed commandant of Auschwitz, which was a combination of concentration camps and an extermination camp. Höss commanded the camp for three and a half years. During this time, he changed the original camp into a huge complex (group of camps) called Auschwitz-Birkenau. Höss went to Auschwitz determined "to do things differently" and develop a more efficient camp than the camps at Dachau and Sachsenhausen where he had worked before. Höss lived at Auschwitz in a villa with his wife and five children.

The earliest inmates at Auschwitz were Soviet prisoners of war and Polish prisoners, including peasants and intellectuals. About 700 of these prisoners arrived at Auschwitz in June 1940; the Nazi guards told them they would not survive more than 3 months.

At its largest, Auschwitz included three major camps:

There were also many smaller "sub-camps" nearby. The Auschwitz complex was built on about 8,000 hectares (20,000 acres) that had been cleared of everyone who lived there.
In June 1941, Höss met with SS Commander Heinrich Himmler in Berlin. Himmler told Höss that Hitler had given the order for the "Final Solution" - to kill all of the Jewish people. Himmler had chosen Auschwitz as the place where Europe's Jews would be exterminated. He chose Auschwitz "[because] of its easy access by rail [train] and also because the extensive site offered space for measures ensuring isolation." This meant that Auschwitz was big enough that the genocide of the Jews could be kept secret. Himmler described the project as a "secret Reich matter." Höss later said that "no one was allowed to speak about these matters with any person and that everyone promised upon his life to keep the utmost secrecy."

Höss began testing and perfecting mass murder techniques on 3 September 1941. His experiments made Auschwitz the camp that would kill the most prisoners during the Holocaust. Höss later said that, during a regular day at Auschwitz, two to three trains carrying 2,000 prisoners each would arrive every day for periods of four to six weeks. The prisoners were unloaded in the Birkenau death camp. Prisoners who were strong, healthy, and able to work were marched to barracks in either Birkenau or one of the other Auschwitz camps. Prisoners who were elderly, very young, sick, or unable to do forced labor were killed in gas chambers, which were disguised as showers. At first, small gassing bunkers were located deep in the woods, to keep them secret. Later, four large gas chambers and crematoria were built in Birkenau to make it easier for the Nazis to kill more people, more quickly.

Höss experimented with different poison gases. At first, he used cotton filters soaked in sulfuric acid. Höss later started using hydrogen cyanide (prussic acid), made from the pesticide Zyklon B, after his deputy Karl Fritzsch tested it on a group of Russian prisoners in 1941. Höss said that when he used Zyklon B, it took 3–15 minutes for prisoners to die, and that "we knew when the people were dead because they stopped screaming."

On 10 November 1943, Arthur Liebehenschel became the Commandant at Auschwitz. Höss took over Liebehenschel's last job as the chairman of "Amt D I" in "Amtsgruppe D" of the "SS-Wirtschafts-Verwaltungshauptamt" (WVHA), which ran the concentration camps. Höss also was made the deputy (assistant) of Richard Glücks, the inspector of all of the concentration camps.

On 8 May 1944, Höss returned to Auschwitz to supervise operation "Aktion Höss." In "Aktion Höss," 430,000 Hungarian Jews were sent to Auschwitz and killed in 56 days. Even the huge facility that Höss had built could not handle the huge number of victims' corpses. The camp's staff had to burn thousands of bodies in open fire pits.

In the last days of the war, Himmler told Höss to disguise himself among German Navy sailors. Höss avoided arrest for nearly a year. When he was captured by British soldiers on 11 March 1946 in Gottrupel, he was disguised as a gardener and called himself Franz Lang. His wife, who feared that her son, Klaus, would be shipped off to the Soviet Union to be imprisoned or tortured, had told the British where Höss was. The British soldiers that captured Höss were led by Hanns Alexander, a young Jewish man from Berlin who was forced to flee to England with his entire family during the rise of Nazi Germany. Höss initially denied who he was, until Alexander noticed his wedding ring and demanded to see it. Höss refused to remove it, saying it was stuck on his finger. But when Alexander threatened to cut his finger off, Höss removed the ring. It had the names "Rudolf" and "Hedwig" engraved inside. After being questioned and beaten with axe handles by the British soldiers, Höss admitted who he really was.

Höss appeared at the Nuremberg Trials on 15 April 1946, where he explained his crimes in detail. Affidavits (sworn statements to the court) that Rudolf Höss made while imprisoned in Nuremberg were also used at the Pohl and IG Farben trials.

In his affidavit made at Nuremberg on 5 April 1946, Höss stated:

On 25 May 1946, Höss was handed over to Polish authorities, and the Supreme National Tribunal in Poland tried him for murder. His trial lasted from 11 to 29 March 1947. During his trial, when accused of murdering three and a half million people, Höss replied, "No. Only two and one half million—the rest died from disease and starvation." Höss was sentenced to death by hanging on 2 April 1947. He was executed on 16 April next to the crematorium of the former Auschwitz I concentration camp. He was hanged on a gallows built specifically for his execution, at the location of the camp's "Gestapo". Today, a board that marks the site reads:

Höss wrote his autobiography while awaiting execution. It was published in 1956 as "," and later as "Death Dealer: the Memoirs of the SS Kommandant at Auschwitz" (among other editions).

After discussions with Höss during the Nuremberg Trials where Höss testified, the American military psychologist Gustave Gilbert wrote:

Four days before he was executed, Höss apologized for his crimes in a message to the state prosecutor:

Shortly before his execution, Höss returned to the Catholic Church. On 10 April 1947, he received the sacrament of penance from Friar Władysław Lohn, S.J. On the next day, the same priest gave Höss Holy Communion as Viaticum (the Eucharist given to a person who is dying).

Höss's original confession, with his signature, is displayed in a glass case in the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, D.C. Behind the confession is a photo showing Hungarian Jewish women and children walking to one of the four gas chambers in the Birkenau death camp on 26 May 1944.

Notes
Bibliography

Further reading


Bloons Tower Defense

Bloons Tower Defense (also known as Bloons TD or BTD) are a series of tower-defense games that were created by Ninja Kiwi. The focus of the games is to use towers to defeat an enemy called Bloons to progress through the game. As you play the game, the Bloons become more difficult to defeat. Players are able to upgrade their towers to help defeat stronger enemies. Bloons can come with power ups, such as camouflage and regeneration. Most of the Tower Defense games can be played on computers and mobile/tablets.

On mobile, all of the Bloons Tower Defense Games (except Bloons Monkey City and Bloons TD 3, which are free on the App Store) cost $2.99 to play and download. A free game is also on their website. Some of the Bloons games have lite versions, such as Bloons TD or Bloons TD 4, which are free to play, but have limitations.

The enemies of the series are "Bloons". (The trademarked word Bloons is a spinoff of the word ""balloons"".) Once the Bloons come, a monkey will have to be placed to pop them. These monkeys pop the bloons. Red Bloons release no "children". B.A.Ds also have no "parents". Children & parents are terms determining what Bloons release when pop (children) and what Bloon releases that Bloon (parents). For example, the child of a Blue Bloon is a Red Bloon, and the parent of a Blue Bloon is a Green Bloon. A Red Bloon Equivalent (RBE) value is the number of Red Bloons it is equivalent to.

In Bloons, there are a lot of towers. All towers contain upgrades that help make them better. All towers can be upgraded four tiers. You can only upgrade one side of the tower to the fourth tier but upgrade the other side to the second tier.


The Bloons Tower Defense series has been a top seller on the Apple app store. Bloons TD 4 reached No. 6 on Apple's list of top paid iPhone and iPad games in 2010. Bloons TD 5 was able to reach No. 8 on Apple's list of top paid iPhone app downloads in 2013.

Tower defense

Tower Defense is a type of game where players use strategy to build towers to help defeat an enemy. In many tower defence games the player's towers must stop an enemy from invading a base. If the towers cannot stop the enemy, the player loses the game.

The first game that was thought to be a tower defense game was "Rampart" . Other games started to be used for tower defense by using tools in the games to change them. Those games were ones like "Starcraft" , "Age of Empires II" , and "Warcraft III" . 

Tower defense games were made by independent developers also. The first game made in Flash was "Flash Element Tower Defense" . The next game was made quickly after and was called "Desktop Tower Defense" . Desktop Tower Defense won an award from the Independent Games Festival.

Mel Tillis

Lonnie Melvin "Mel" Tillis (August 8, 1932 – November 19, 2017) was an American country music singer and songwriter. He recorded songs since the late 1950s. His biggest success occurred in the 1970s, with a long list of Top 10 hits. His biggest hits include "I Ain't Never", "Good Woman Blues", and "Coca-Cola Cowboy". 

On February 13, 2012, President Barack Obama awarded Tillis the National Medal of Arts for his contributions to country music. He also has won the CMA Awards' most coveted award, Entertainer of the Year. He was also known for his stutter, which does not affect his singing voice. His daughter is country music singer Pam Tillis.

Tillis died on November 19, 2017 of respiratory failure complicated by sepsis in Ocala, Florida at the age of 85.


Noreen Corcoran

Noreen M. Corcoran (October 20, 1943 – January 15, 2016) was an American actress, singer and dancer. Her career began in 1951. She was best known for her co-starring role as the teenager Kelly Gregg in the television sitcom "". She also appeared in movies such as "Gidget Goes to Rome" and in "The Girls on the Beach". She retired in 1965.

Corcoran was born in Quincy, Massachusetts. She studied at California State University. Corcoran died in Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California from heart and lung disease (cardiopulmonary disease) at the age of 72.


William Craig (philosopher)

William Craig (November 13, 1918 – January 13, 2016) was an German-born American professor of Philosophy at University of California, Berkeley. His interests included mathematical logic, and philosophy of science. He was mostly known for the Craig interpolation theorem. Craig received his Ph.D. at Harvard University in 1951.

Craig died in Berkeley, California at the age of 97.

Abbey Simon

Abbey Simon (January 8, 1922 – December 18, 2019) was an American concert pianist, teacher, and recording artist. He was a student of Josef Hofmann at the Curtis Institute of Music. He was the winner of the Naumburg International Piano Competition in 1940. He was called a "supervirtuoso" by the New York Times.

Simon was born in New York City, New York. He studied at Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. His career began in 1940. Simon died in Geneva on December 18, 2019 at the age of 99.


Rudolf Haag

Rudolf Haag (17 August 1922 – 5 January 2016) was a German theoretical physicist. He was born in Tübingen, Germany.
He was best known for his works to the algebraic formulation of axiomatic quantum field theory, namely the Haag-Kastler axioms
, and a central no-go theorem in QFT, Haag's theorem, which demonstrates the nonexistence of a unitary time-evolution operator in the interaction picture.

In 1965 he founded the journal Communications in Mathematical Physics, which he guided as Chief Editor for eight years.

He was awarded the Max Planck medal in 1970 and the Henri Poincaré Prize of the International Association of Mathematical Physics in 1997.

Haag died on 5 January 2016 at the age of 93.


Jean-Noël Rey

Jean-Noël Rey (23 December 1949 – 16 January 2016) was a Swiss socialist politician. He was the Secretary of the Socialist Group of the Federal Assembly of Switzerland. He was a member of the National Council of Switzerland between 2003 and 2007. He was also the CEO of the national postal service Swiss Post.

Rey was born in Sierre. He was married twice and had two children.

Rey was shot and killed by terrorists on 16 January 2016 in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. He was 66.

Francisco X. Alarcón

Francisco Xavier Alarcón (February 21, 1954 – January 15, 2016) was an American poet and educator. He was awarded the American Book Award for "Snake Poems" in 1993. He taught at University of California, Davis. He published over twenty works of poetry between 1985 and 2010. He wrote poetry in English, Spanish and Nahuatl. His works were often translated into other languages including Gaelic and Swedish.

Alarcón was born in Wilmington, Los Angeles, California. He grew up in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico. He studied at Stanford University and California State University, Long Beach. He was openly gay.

Alarcón died from cancer on January 15, 2016 in Davis, California, aged 61.


Carina Jaarnek

Eva Carina Kvistborg Jaarnek (26 December 1962 – 16 January 2016), better known as Carina Jaarnek, was a Swedish singer. She was a member of several dansbands during the 1970s and 1980s, most notably Carina Jaarneks orkester. She recorded many songs with Elvis Presley artists.

Jaarnek was born in Säbrå, Ångermanland. She was married to her manager Niels Kvist Borg and had two daughters. Her sister, Towe, is also a singer.

Jarrnek died from a brain haemorrhage on 16 January 2016 in Stockholm, aged 53.

Lawrence H. Cohn

Lawrence Harvey Cohn (March 11, 1937 – January 9, 2016) was an American heart surgeon, researcher, and medical educator. He was best known for his heart valve repair and replacement surgeries. He was on the surgical staff at Harvard Medical School from 1971 until his death. He was also Professor of Surgery at Harvard Medical School from 1980 until his death. He was awarded the Chair in Cardiac Surgery at Harvard Medical School in 2000.

Cohn was born in San Francisco, California. His family was Jewish. He was married and had two daughters.

Cohen died from a stroke on January 9, 2016 in Boston, Massachusetts. He was 78.

Batch file

A batch file is a special kind of computer file that tells a computer a list of instructions to do in order. Batch files were used a lot when DOS was used by many people. They are good for automating many small pieces of work. Some people still use batch files today.

This is an example of a batch file. It is called a "Hello World" example because it prints the text "Hello World!" to the screen.
@ECHO off
ECHO Hello World!
PAUSE
When that text is put into a file with an extension of ".bat", saved, and run, it will put this on the screen:

Demand forecasting

Demand forecasting is when a business predicts future demand for its products. A business looks at many things when they do demand forecasting. Some of these things are past sales, data from test markets, and statistics. Businesses can also use educated guesses to help predict future demand. Businesses use demand forecasting to help them come up with the amount of demand for their products so they know how much supply to make.

Calculating demand forecast accuracy is the process of determining the accuracy of forecasts made regarding customer demand for a product.

Aldebaran

Aldebaran (α Tau, α Tauri, Alpha Tauri) is an orange giant star. It is about 65 light years away in the zodiac constellation of Taurus. With an average apparent magnitude of 0.87 it is the brightest star in the constellation and is one of the brightest stars in the nighttime sky. The name "Aldebaran" is Arabic ( "") and means "the Follower", probably because it rises near and soon after the Pleiades. The diameter of Aldebaran is 61,277,920 km which is 38,076,334 miles. The planetary exploration probe "Pioneer 10" is heading in the general direction of the star. It should make its closest approach in about two million years.

In 1993 a companion body was reported. A paper recently accepted shows evidence for a planetary companion.

Tau Ceti

Tau Ceti (τ Cet, τ Ceti) is a star in the constellation Cetus. It can be seen with the unaided eye as a third-magnitude star.

It has a spectrum similar to the Sun, but is only 78% of the Sun's mass. It is just under 12 light-years from the Solar System, a relatively nearby star. It is the closest solitary G-class star. The star appears stable, and is "metal-deficient" because (like the Sun) it is mostly made of hydrogen and helium.

There is more than ten times as much dust surrounding Tau Ceti as in the Solar System. There are probably five planets orbiting Tau Ceti, two in the habitable zone. Because of its debris disk, any planet orbiting Tau Ceti would get far more impact events than Earth. Despite this, its Sun-like characteristics have led to widespread interest in the star. Tau Ceti is consistently listed as a target for the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI), and it appears in some science fiction literature.

Project Ozma searched for intelligent life (SETI) by examining selected stars for artificial radio signals. It was run by the astronomer Frank Drake, who selected Tau Ceti and Epsilon Eridani as the first targets. Both are near the Solar System and are similar to the Sun. No artificial signals were found after 200 hours of observations. Subsequent radio searches of this star system have also turned up negative.

On December 19, 2012, evidence was presented for a system of five planets orbiting Tau Ceti. The planets' estimated minimum masses are between two and six times the Earth's mass. Their orbital periods range from 14 to 640 days. One of them, Tau Ceti e, appears to orbit about half as far from Tau Ceti as Earth does from the Sun. With Tau Ceti's luminosity of 52% that of the Sun and a distance from the star of 0.552 AU, the planet would receive 1.71 times as much stellar radiation as Earth does. This is slightly less than Venus, which gets 1.91 times Earth's. Some research places it within the star's habitable zone. 

The habitable zone for a star is where liquid water could be present on an Earth-like planet. For Tau Ceti, this is at a radius of 0.55–1.16 AU, where 1 AU is the average distance from the Earth to the Sun.

The Expanse (TV): Destination of the Nauvoo, on a 100 year voyage. The ship is 500m cylinder, 2000m long. It would require a continuous acceleration of 0.05 m/s for 50 years, and an equal deceleration at the halfway point.

The Foundation book series by Isaac Asimov: The home star of the planet Aurora, first planet to be colonized by humans.

Oliver Jeffers

Oliver Jeffers (born 1977) is an artist, illustrator and writer from Belfast, Northern Ireland. He now lives and works in Brooklyn, New York. He graduated from the University of Ulster in 2001. He creates art for children and adult alike.

His picture books, including 'How to catch a star, Lost and found, Stuck have been highly acclaimed. "This Moose Belongs to Me" won the Irish Book Awards Children's Book of 
the Year, Junior category in 2012.

Originally from Belfast, Jeffers now lives and works in Brooklyn, New York.

Here is a list of books that Jeffers has illustrated:

In 2013, Jeffers illustrated the vinyl record cover for the U2 song "Ordinary Love". It is a drawing of Nelson Mandela. 


Blowfly (musician)

Clarence Henry Reid (February 14, 1939 – January 17, 2016), better known by the stage name Blowfly, was an American musician, singer, comedian, rapper and producer. He released over 25 parody albums as "Blowfly" and another three albums as "Clarence Reid". He also wrote ten songs for Gwen McCrae.

Blowfly was born in Cochran, Georgia. His daughter, Tracy Reid, was a professional basketball player.

Blowfly died from liver cancer on January 17, 2016 in Florida, aged 76.

Bob Harkey

Bob Harkey (June 23, 1930 – January 16, 2016) was an American racecar driver. He was in the USAC Championship Car series. He raced in the 1963–1979 seasons. He had 85 career starts, including the Indianapolis 500 in 1964, 1971 and 1973–1976. He finished in the top ten 23 times. His best finish in 4th position in 1964. He was born in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Harkley died on January 16, 2016 in Indianapolis, Indiana, aged 85.


Nazi eugenics

Nazi eugenics were a set of beliefs and rules that were very important to Nazi Germany during World War II. These beliefs said that the Aryan race was the master race – the best race of all – and all other races were inferior (not as good). There were also many other people who the Nazis believed were "life unworthy of life," like people with disabilities. These ideas about eugenics were at the center of the Nazis' beliefs and eventually helped lead to the Holocaust.
Because they did not want these "inferior" people in German society, the Nazis decided to get rid of them, using many different strategies. They began with people with disabilities. The Nazis forced more than 400,000 people with disabilities to be sterilized (to have surgery that would make it impossible for them to have children). They also killed over 300,000 people with disabilities in a program called Action T4. In this program, the Nazis sent people with disabilities to places like Hadamar and Hartheim Euthanasia Centres to be killed. These people were killed with lethal injections and poison gas, in vans and gas chambers at the Euthanasia Centres.

Using what they learned by killing people with disabilities, the Nazis soon built extermination camps (death camps). The Nazis' goal was to use these death camps to exterminate (kill all of) the Jewish and Roma people in Europe. The Nazis also sent many other people who they thought were inferior to the death camps and to concentration camps, where they were forced to work as slaves.

The Nazis' ideas about eugenics said that many different groups of people were "inferior" or "unworthy of life." These included:

The eugenics movement was very popular in the United States by the time it spread to Germany. California eugenicists began writing things that encouraged eugenics and sterilization, and sent them to German scientists and medical professionals. By 1933, California had forced more people to get sterilized than all of the other U.S. states combined. The Nazis got the idea for their compulsory (forced) sterilization program partly from California's program.

In 1927, The Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Anthropology (KWIA) was created in Berlin with a lot of financial support from the American philanthropic group, the Rockefeller Foundation. The KWIA's director was Eugen Fischer, a German professor of medicine, anthropology, and eugenics. Fischer said he had found scientific proof of the Nazis' eugenics ideas, and the Nazis used his work to justify their eugenics policies.

In 1934, California eugenics leader C.M. Goethe visited Germany. At that time, more than 5,000 people per month were being forcibly sterilized in Germany. Goethe bragged to a coworker:

""You will be interested to know that your work has played a powerful part in shaping the opinions of the group of intellectuals who are behind Hitler in this epoch-making program. Everywhere I sensed that their opinions have been tremendously stimulated by American thought . . . I want you, my dear friend, to carry this thought with you for the rest of your life, that you have really jolted into action a great government of 60 million people.""

Eugenics researcher Harry H. Laughlin often bragged that his Model Eugenic Sterilization laws had been put into action in Germany's Nuremberg Laws. In 1936, Laughlin was invited to an award ceremony at Heidelberg University in Germany. (The ceremony was scheduled on the anniversary of the day Hitler fired all Jews from the Heidelberg faculty two years earlier.) Laughlin was offered an honorary doctorate for his work on the "science of racial cleansing." Laughlin could not afford to attend, and had to pick his doctorate up from the Rockefeller Institute. Afterwards, he proudly shared the award with his co-workers, remarking that he felt that it showed the "common understanding of German and American scientists of the nature of eugenics."

Adolf Hitler read racial hygiene books while he was in Landsberg Prison. "Racial hygiene" was a set of ideas that said that only certain people should be allowed to have children. People who belonged to races that were seen as "inferior" would not be allowed to have children. This way, those races would eventually die out.

Hitler believed Germany had become weak, and had been poisoned by "inferior" people. He believed these "inferior" people were ruining Germany's society, and were the cause of Germany's problems.

In his "Second Book", which was never published during the Nazi era, Hitler praised the ancient Greek city of Sparta. In Sparta, all newborn infants were examined carefully. Any infant that seemed weak, sick, or had any kind of disability was killed. Only the healthy, strong children were allowed to live. This meant that they were the only people alive to have children and continue the Spartan race. Hitler praised this early model of eugenics:

The exposure of the sick, weak, deformed children, in short, their destruction [murder], was more decent and in truth a thousand times more humane than the wretched insanity of our day [in which the most disabled people are allowed to survive], and indeed at any price ... in order subsequently to breed a race of degenerates burdened with illnesses."

Basically, Hitler was saying it was better (and cheaper) to kill people with disabilities than to allow them to live and have children. He thought that if people with disabilities were allowed to have children, their children would also have disabilities. So people with disabilities should be killed to prevent them from "breeding [creating] a race of" "inferior" people.

Hitler would later apply these same ideas to other people he thought were "inferior." The Holocaust was based on the idea that all of these "inferior" people should be killed so they would no longer exist in the Third Reich, Hitler's planned Nazi empire.

In organizing their eugenics program, the Nazis were inspired by the United States' programs of forced sterilization, and especially the eugenics laws that had been enacted in California.

On July 14, 1933, the Nazis passed the Law for the Prevention of Hereditarily Diseased Offspring. ("Hereditary diseases" are genetic disorders which are passed down from parents to children. "Offspring" means "children.") This law did a few things:

In 1934, nearly 4,000 people appealed against court decisions saying they would have to be sterilized. A total of 3,559 of the appeals (89%) failed. By the end of the Nazi regime, the Nazis had created over 200 Hereditary Health Courts (). Based on their rulings, over 400,000 people were forced to be sterilized.

The Nazis made six psychiatric hospitals into "Euthanasia Centres," where people with disabilities (including children) were taken to be killed. These six hospitals were Bernburg, Brandenburg, Grafeneck, Hadamar, Hartheim, and Sonnenstein Euthanasia Centres.

At first, the Nazis killed patients in gas vans. The patients would be put into vansand exhaust gas from the vans' engines would be pumped into the vans. The carbon monoxide in the exhaust gas killed the patients. Later, gas chambers were built into the Euthanasia Centres and used pure carbon monoxide gas to kill the patients.

In July 1934, Nazi Germany passed the Law for Simplification of the Health System. This law set out rules for how the Nazis would decide whether a person was 'genetically sick.' The person would be sent to a Genetic Health Court, which would decide whether the person should be sterilized.

Doctor's offices and welfare departments had to give the Nazis information about people who might be 'genetically sick.'

The Nuremberg Laws of 1935 made anyone who wanted to get married get tested for genetic disorders. The goal of this rule was to make sure the "Aryan race" would stay "pure," without people with disabilities in it. While dating, everyone was encouraged to question their dating partner carefully about whether anyone in their family ever had a genetic disorder. Members of the "Schutzstaffel" (SS) were ordered to carefully interview possible marriage partners to make sure they had no family history of hereditary disease or insanity, but to do this carefully to avoid hurting the woman's feelings. They were told that if they had to reject the woman for eugenic reasons, they should do it politely and not upset the woman.


Bern Herbolsheimer

Bern Herbolsheimer (September 2, 1948 – January 13, 2016) was an American composer and pianist. He was born in Great Falls, Montana. Herbolsheimer served on the music faculty at Cornish College in Seattle. He performed for the National Endowment for the Arts and for the Chamber Music America. He has composed over 500 pieces of work. 

Herbolsheimer died of cancer in Seattle, Washington, aged 67.

Gottfried Honegger

Gottfried Honegger (12 June 1917 – 17 January 2016) was a Swiss artist and graphic designer. From 1955 through 1958, he was art director at Geigy. He worked at the University of Dallas until his death in 2016.

Honegger was born in Zürich, Switerland. He was married to the Swiss illustrator Warja Lavater. He studied shop-window display at the Zurich Kunstgewerbeschule and taught there from 1948. His early work was commercial graphic design. Honegger died at his home in Zürich, Switzerland from a short-illness, aged 98.


Paris School of Business

Paris School of Business (formerly the ESG Management School) is a European business school. The school has two locations, one in Paris and one in Rennes, France. It was created in 1974. PSB offers degrees in the fields of economics, social sciences, luxury markets, arts and management.


Monster Strike

Monster Strike (モンスターストライク: Monsutā Sutoraiku) is a mobile game with elements of RPGs, strategy games and cooperative multiplayer. It is developed by Mixi for the iOS and Android platforms. The game was co-created by Yoshiki Okamoto. In Japan, its name is often shortened to . As of June 30, 2015, the game has daily revenues of $4.2 million. A more traditional RPG of "Monster Strike" was released for the Nintendo 3DS in December 2015.


Tobacco mosaic virus

The tobacco mosaic virus (TMV) was the first virus to be discovered. That is to say, it was the first to be known as a virus.

It is a single stranded RNA virus which infects many plants, especially tobacco and other members of the family Solanaceae. The infection causes "mosaic"-like discolouration on the leaves. Although it was known from the late 19th century that an infectious disease was damaging tobacco crops, it was not until 1930 that the infectious agent was known to be a virus.

In 1886, Adolf Mayer first described the tobacco mosaic disease that could be transferred between plants, similar to bacterial infections. 

In 1892, Dmitri Ivanovsky gave the first concrete evidence for the existence of a non-bacterial infectious agent. He claimed that infected sap remained infectious even after filtering through finest filters. 

In 1898, Martinus Beijerinck independently replicated Ivanovsky's filtration experiments and then showed that the infectious agent was able to reproduce and multiply in the host cells of the tobacco plant. Beijerinck coined the term of "virus" to indicate that the causal agent of tobacco mosaic disease was of non-bacterial nature. 

Tobacco mosaic virus was the first virus to be crystallized. It was achieved by Wendell Meredith Stanley in 1935 who also showed that TMV remains active even after crystallization. For his work, he was awarded 1/3 of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1946, The first electron microscopical images of TMV were made in 1939. 

In 1955, Heinz Fraenkel-Conrat and Robley Williams showed that purified TMV RNA and its capsid (coat) protein assemble by themselves to functional viruses, indicating that this is the most stable structure (the one with the lowest free energy).
The crystallographer Rosalind Franklin worked for Stanley for about a month at Berkeley, and later designed and built a model of TMV for the 1958 World's Fair at Brussels. In 1958, she speculated that the virus was hollow, not solid, and hypothesized that the RNA of TMV is single-stranded. This conjecture was proved correct after her death. 

The investigations of tobacco mosaic disease and subsequent discovery of its viral nature were instrumental in the establishment of the general concepts of virology.

Business school

A business school is a university-level school that offers degrees in a variety of business-related subjects. It may often be a department or institution within a university or it can be a separate school. Instead of a general education, business schools prepare students to enter into the business world. ESCP Europe is considered to be the world's oldest business school.

A business school teaches topics that include: 


Martinair

Martinair is currently a cargo airline from The Netherlands. It started in 1958. In 1991, Martinair started flying cargo. KLM became the only shareholder of Martinair in December 2008. Originally, Martinair flew passengers. On October 30, 2011, Martinair stopped flying passengers and now only flies cargo.

Close Encounters of the Third Kind

Close Encounters of the Third Kind is an 1977 American science fiction movie written and directed by Steven Spielberg, and starring Richard Dreyfuss, Teri Garr, Melinda Dillon, Bob Balaban, Cary Guffey, and François Truffaut. The movie tells the story about Roy Neary, an everyday blue-collar worker in Indiana, whose life changes after an encounter with an undentified flying object (UFO).

Made on a production budget of $19.4 million, "Close Encounters" was released in a limited number of cities on November 16, 1977 and November 23, 1977 before expanding into wide release the following month. It was a critical and commercial success, grossing over $300 million worldwide. The movie received numerous awards and nominations at the 50th Academy Awards, 32nd British Academy Film Awards, the 35th Golden Globe Awards and the 5th Saturn Awards, and has been widely acclaimed at the American Film Institute.

Alcide De Gasperi

Alcide Amedeo Francesco De Gasperi (3 April 1881 – 19 August 1954) was an Italian politician who started the Christian Democracy party, and helped to start the Council of Europe and the European Coal and Steel Community.

He was the Prime Minister of Italy for eight years, between 1945 and 1953. That is longer than any other Italian prime minister except Benito Mussolini, who was a dictator.

De Gasperi was born in Austria-Hungary, and did not become an Italian citizen until after the First World War. In 1927, he was put in prison for one and a half years because he did not support Mussolini's Fascist government. Mussolini released him from prison because the Pope asked him to.

Water tower

A water tower is a building that is used to hold and give out water. It is almost always built on a high place. It works because a pump gives water to the tower, and gravity makes the saved water go out to the places that need water. Those places are connected to the tower by pipes. A water tower is good when there is no power because it uses gravity to send out the water.

Notary

A notary is a person who has learned some laws and has been appointed by a government to do some certain things using those laws. A notary is most often used to witness signatures on legal papers. A notary does this to help stop fraud and to help a person prove that they are who they say they are. Notaries in some locations can also perform marriage ceremonies.


Gaheris

Gaheris is a legendary character, a member of the Knights of the Round Table in Arthurian legend. He was a nephew of King Arthur. He was the third son of Arthur's sister Morgause and her husband Sir Lot. He was described as being valiant, agile, handsome, and his left arm was shorter than his right arm. He was killed by Lancelot in the "Prose Lancelot" He was Sir Gawain's brother. 

S7 Airlines

S7 Airlines is a Russian airline. It is the second largest airline. It was created in May 1992. Originally, it was named "Siberia Airlines". In 1994, the airline joined IATA. The airline's name was changed to "S7 Airlines" in 2005. In 2010, the airline joined Oneworld. S7 Airlines stopped flying Soviet planes in 2008. As of 2015, the airline has Airbus A319s, Airbus A320s, Airbus A321s, Boeing 737s and Boeing 767s.

Crispus Attucks

Crispus Attucks (circa 1723 – March 5, 1770) was the first person to die in the Boston Massacre. This made him the first American to die in the American Revolutionary War. After being killed at the Boston Massacre, Attucks became a martyr of the American Revolution. He also became a symbol for the abolitionist (anti-slavery) movement, both in the 18th century and the 19th century.

Attucks had a big impact on important historical events like the American Revolution and the abolitionist movement. However, he continues to have an impact on American culture today. Even 250 years after his death, modern songs, stories, and television shows still talk about Attucks. Children go to schools that are named after him. In 2002, Attucks was named one of the "100 Greatest African Americans" in United States History.

Aside from how he died, historians do not know much about Attucks' life. His father, Prince Yonger, was a slave who had been born in Africa; his mother, Nancy Attucks, was a Wampanoag Native American. One of Crispus Attucks' ancestors was John Attucks of Massachusetts, who was hanged during King Philip's War.

Attucks himself may have been a freeman, or may have escaped slavery. However, some evidence suggests that Attucks was born a slave in Framingham, Massachusetts, but escaped from slavery. In 1750, William Brown, a slave-owner in Framingham, put out an advertisement about a runaway slave named Crispus. In the advertisement, Brown offered a reward of 10 pounds to whoever found and returned Attucks to him. The description in the advertisement fit Crispus Attucks. This suggests that Attucks was a runaway slave. Still, people have argued for decades about whether Attucks was a free black man or a runaway slave. 

Attucks may have worked as a dockworker or a merchant seaman. He definitely became a sailor and spent most of the rest of his life at sea. He often worked on whalers, which involved long trips at sea. Many historians also believe that he went by the alias "Michael Johnson" in order to avoid being caught and sent back to slavery. He may only have been temporarily in Boston in early 1770, having recently returned from a voyage to the Bahamas. He was due to leave shortly afterwards on a ship for North Carolina.

John Adams successfully argued that most of the accused British soldiers fired their guns in self-defense. He got all but two of the soldiers acquitted of murder (found not guilty). Two of the soldiers were found guilty of manslaughter. They were punished by being branded (burned) on their thumbs. While defending the British soldiers, Adams called the crowd "a motley rabble of saucy boys, negros and molattoes, Irish teagues and outlandish Jack Tarrs." In particular, he accused Attucks of having decided "to be the hero of the night," and of having started a conflict with his "mad behavior."

The five people killed in the Massacre were buried as heroes in the Granary Burying Ground, which also contains the graves of Samuel Adams, John Hancock, and other important people.

After being killed in the Boston Massacre, Attucks was held up as the first martyr of the American Revolution. The deaths of Attucks and four other Americans enraged the American people and helped trigger the start of the American Revolution.

Attucks also became a symbol of the abolitionist (anti-slavery) movement in the 18th century. In the early 19th century, as the abolitionist movement gained strength in Boston, supporters praised Attucks as an African American who played a heroic role in the history of the United States. Because Attucks was of mixed African and Native American heritage, he also became an important figure in Native American history.



Glenn Frey

Glenn Lewis Frey () (November 6, 1948 – January 18, 2016) was an American singer, songwriter, producer and actor. He was best known as a founding member of rock band the Eagles. 

During the seventies, Frey played guitar with the band, as well as piano and keyboards. Frey was one of the primary singers of the Eagles, he sang lead vocals on songs such as "Take It Easy", "Peaceful Easy Feeling", "Tequila Sunrise", "Already Gone", "Lyin' Eyes", "New Kid in Town", and "Heartache Tonight".

On January 18, 2016, Frey died in New York City at the age of 67 from rheumatoid arthritis, acute ulcerative colitis, and pneumonia. He had been recovering from intestinal surgery. 

Michel Tournier

Michel Tournier (19 December 1924 – 18 January 2016) was a French writer. He has won awards such as the "Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française" in 1967 for "Friday, or, The Other Island" and the Prix Goncourt for "The Erl-King" in 1970. He was a member of the Académie Goncourt. His autobiography has been translated and published as "The Wind Spirit" (Beacon Press, 1988). He had been named as a contender for the Nobel Prize in Literature. He was born in Paris, France.

Tournier died on 18 January 2016 in Choisel, France at the age of 91.

Viral envelope

A viral envelope is the outermost layer of a virus. It protects the virus when it moves between host cells as part of its life-cycle. Not all viruses have envelopes.

The envelopes are made from parts of the host cell membranes (phospholipids and proteins), but include some viral glycoproteins. They may help viruses avoid the host immune system. Glycoproteins on the surface of the envelope help to identify and bind to receptor sites on the host's membrane. The viral envelope then fuses with the host's membrane, allowing virus genome to enter and infect the host.

Some enveloped viruses also have a capsid. This is another protein layer, between the envelope and the genome.

The cell from which a virus buds often dies or is weakened. The lipid bilayer envelope of these viruses is sensitive to desiccation, heat, and detergents This makes it easier to sterile these viruses than non-enveloped viruses. They can not survive for very long outside host environments, and usually need to move directly from host to host. They are very adaptable and can change in a short time in order to evade the immune system. Enveloped viruses can cause persistent infections.

There are several classes of enveloped viruses that can infect humans and cause illness:


Bulworth

Bulworth is a 1998 American political comedy movie. Warren Beatty plays the title character. Halle Berry plays Nina. Don Cheadle plays L.D.. Paul Sorvino plays Graham Crockett. Christine Baranski plays Constance Bulworth.
In the movie, California Senator Jay Bulworth is losing his bid for re-election to a fiery young populist. His socialist views, formed in the 1960s and 1970s, have lost favor with voters. He has changed to more conservative politics. He also accepts donations from big corporations. Furthermore, he and his wife have been having affairs for years, with each other's knowledge.

Bulworth is tired of politics. He is also unhappy with his life in general and planning to commit suicide. He negotiates a $10 million life insurance policy with his daughter as the beneficiary. Knowing that a suicide will void his daughter's inheritance, he plans to have himself murdered in two days' time.

Bulworth turns up in California extremely drunk. He also smokes marijuana and raps in public. His frank and offensive remarks make him an instant media darling and re-energize his campaign. Along the way he becomes romantically involved with a young black activist named Nina. Nina tags along with him on his campaign stops. As the movie progresses, he gets pursued by paparazzi, his insurance company and the public.


"Bulworth" made a great deal of controversy. However, it received a positive reception from movie critics. It has a 75% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

The movie was released on May 15, 1998. It did extremely well in limited release. It took in more than $29 million in the box office.

Paul Sorvino

Paul Sorvino (April 13, 1939 – July 25, 2022) was an American actor. He often played authority figures on both sides of the law. He played Paulie Cicero in the 1990 gangster movie "Goodfellas". He also played NYPD Sergeant Phil Cerreta in "Law & Order". He was the father of actress Mira Sorvino.

Sorvino was born in Brooklyn, New York City.

On July 25, 2022, Sorvino died of natural causes at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida at the age of 83.

Isaiah Washington

Isaiah Washington IV (born August 3, 1963) is an American actor. He has been in several movies made by Spike Lee. Between 2005 and 2007, he played Dr. Preston Burke on ABC's "Grey's Anatomy". He also played Vic in the 1994 drama movie "Crooklyn".

Washington was born in Houston, Texas.

Stock (firearm)

A stock, also known as a shoulder stock, a buttstock, or simply a butt is a part of a rifle or other firearm, to which the barrel and firing mechanism are attached. It is held firmly against the shooter's shoulder when firing the gun. Stocks are also found on crossbows, though a crossbow stock is properly called a "tiller". The stock provides a means for the shooter to firmly support the device and easily aim it. The stock also transmits recoil (the shock of firing the weapon) into the shooter's shoulder. The term stock dates to 1571 and comes from the Germanic word "stoc", meaning tree trunk. This refers to the wooden nature of the gunstock.

Law of the United States

The law of the United States is made up of many levels of codified and uncodified forms of law. The most important these is the United States Constitution. This established the federal government of the United States. The Constitution sets out the boundaries of federal law. This consists of acts of Congress, treaties ratified by the Senate, regulations promoted by the executive branch, and case law originating from the federal judiciary. The United States Code is the official compilation and codification of general and permanent federal statutory law.

Federal law and treaties, so long as they are in accordance with the Constitution, preempt conflicting state and territorial laws in the 50 U.S. states and in the territories. However, the scope of federal preemption is limited because the scope of federal power is not universal. In the dual-sovereign system of American federalism states are the plenary sovereigns. Each state has its own constitution, while the federal sovereign possesses only the limited supreme authority given by the Constitution. States may grant their citizens broader rights than the federal Constitution as long as they do not infringe on any federal constitutional rights. Most U.S. law (especially the actual "living law" of contract, tort, property, criminal, and family law) experienced by the majority of citizens on a day-to-day basis consists primarily of state law, which can and does vary greatly from one state to the next.

At both the federal and state levels, the law of the United States is largely based on the common law system of English law. This was the system of law that was in force at the time of the Revolutionary War. However, American law has changed from its English ancestor both in terms of substance and procedure. American law also borrows ideas from civil law.

Ninja Kiwi

Ninja Kiwi, which was previously known as Kaiparasoft Ltd, is a mobile and online video game developer founded in Auckland, New Zealand. It was founded in 2006 by brothers Chris and Stephen Harris. 

Ninja Kiwi's first game was a browser based game called "Cash Sprint", developed on the Adobe Flash Platform. Since then, they have produced more than 60 games across platforms including Adobe Flash, Android, iOS, PlayStation Portable, Nintendo DS, and more recently, Steam. They are most known for producing the "Bloons" and "Bloons Tower Defense" games. 

In 2012, Ninja Kiwi purchased Digital Goldfish, a Dundee, Scotland-based developer, for an undisclosed sum. After merging Digital Goldfish to Ninja Kiwi, this increased the total number of Ninja Kiwi employees to 35. By 2021, the total number of employees increased to 70.

Ninja Kiwi has a virtual currency known as NK Coins. Players make purchases of games and in-game purchases by using NK Coins. About eighteen months before Mochi Media's parent company disappeared, Mochi Media discontinued its virtual currency (Mochi Coins), and it was replaced with Ninja Kiwi's virtual currency.

Ninja Kiwi was bought by Modern Times Group on 24th March 2021.

Joe Kenda

Joseph Patrick "Joe" Kenda (born November 14, 1946) is an American television presenter and retired police detective. He is the former Colorado Springs Police Department detective who solved nearly 400 murders in his career. He is featured on the Investigation Discovery television show "Homicide Hunter", where he recounts stories of homicides he solved.

Kenda was born in Herminie, Pennsylvania. He studied at the University of Pittsburgh.


Jane O'Meara Sanders

Jane O’Meara Sanders (born January 3, 1950) is an American civil servant and educator. She is the former President of Burlington College and the wife of United States senator of Vermont and Democratic 2016 Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders. In 1996, she earned a doctorate from Union Institute & University.

Sanders was born in Brooklyn, New York. She studied at Goddard College. Sanders was married to David Driscoll until they divorced. They had three children. Sanders met Bernie in 1981 when Bernie was elected mayor of Burlington, Vermont. They were married in 1988.

Sanders was named President of Burlington College in 2004. She resigned as president in 2011.

Ilse Koch

Ilse Koch (22 September 1906 – 1 September 1967), was the wife of Karl-Otto Koch. (Before getting married, Koch's maiden name was Margarete Ilse Köhler.) During World War II, Karl-Otto Koch was the "Commandant" (commander) of the Nazi concentration camps at Sachsenhausen, Buchenwald, and finally Majdanek. In 1947, Ilse Koch became one of the first important Nazis to be tried by the United States Military.

Mass media around the world covered Ilse Koch's trial. People who had survived the Buchenwald and Majdanek camps talked about how she enjoyed abusing prisoners at the camps. For example, they said she used to like beating prisoners with her riding crop, and that she used to make prisoners do exhausting exercise because she liked watching them suffer. In Germany after the war, Koch was seen as "the concentration camp murderess." She was accused of having prisoners with interesting tattoos murdered so she could take their skin as souvenirs.

The prisoners at the concentration camps called Koch "Die Hexe von Buchenwald" ("The Witch of Buchenwald") because of she would act cruelly and sexually towards prisoners at the same time. In English, she has also been called "The Beast of Buchenwald," the "Queen of Buchenwald," the "Red Witch of Buchenwald," the "Butcher Widow," and, most often, "The Bitch of Buchenwald."

Koch was born Margarete Ilse Köhler on 22 September 1906 in Dresden, Germany. Her father was a factory foreman. In elementary school, she was known as a polite and happy child. At age 15, she started school to become an accountant. Later, she went to work as a bookkeeping clerk. Germany's economy had been ruined when Germany lost World War I, and at the time that Koch worked in bookkeeping, the economy still had not recovered.

In 1932, Ilse Koch became a member of the Nazi Party, which was getting more and more popular. Through she made some friends in the "Sturmabteilung" (SA) and "Schutzstaffel" (SS), she met Karl-Otto Koch in 1934. They got married two years later.

In 1936, Koch began working as a guard and secretary at the Sachsenhausen concentration camp near Berlin, which her fiance, Karl-Otto, commanded. They got married the same year. In 1937, Koch went to Buchenwald when Karl-Otto was made Commandant there. While at Buchenwald, Koch helped with an experiment by picking out tattooed prisoners to be murdered and skinned, so the tattooed parts of their skin could be kept. Koch later said she did this to help a prison doctor, Erich Wagner, in his study of tattooing and crime.

In 1940, Koch built an indoor sports arena, which cost over 250,000 reichsmarks (equal to about $62,500 at the time). She had stolen most of this money from prisoners at the camp. In 1941, Karl-Otto Koch was transferred to Lublin, where he helped create the Majdanek concentration and extermination camp. Ilse Koch stayed at Buchenwald until 24 August 1943. On that day, she and her husband were arrested. The Kochs were charged with embezzlement; stealing huge amounts of money and valuables from prisoners to make themselves rich; and murdering prisoners to keep them from talking about what the Kochs were doing.

Ilse Koch was put in prison until 1944, when she was found not guilty because there was not enough evidence against her. However, her husband was found guilty and sentenced to death by an SS court in Munich. He was shot to death in Buchenwald in April of 1945. 

After her husband was executed, Ilse Koch went to live with her surviving family in the town of Ludwigsburg. She was arrested there by United States officials on 30 June 1945.

Koch and 30 other Nazis were arraigned before the American military court at Dachau in 1947. She was charged with "participating in a criminal plan for aiding, abetting and participating in the murders at Buchenwald." This meant she had been part of a plan to murder people at Buchenwald, and had helped with the murders in some way.

In the courtroom, Koch said that she was pregnant. She was telling the truth; she was eight months pregnant. Koch already had a reputation for having sex with many different men. The Buchenwald Report said there were rumors that Koch was having relationships with Waldemar Hoven, the chief medical doctor at Buchenwald, and Hermann Florstedt, the Deputy Commandant, at the same time. In his book "Innocent at Dachau," the Dachau tribunal court reporter, Joseph Halow, wrote that rumors said Koch had relationships with many SS officers, and even with some of the prisoners at the Buchenwald concentration camp. Still, Koch's pregnancy surprised the court because she was 41 years old at the time. She was also being kept by herself in prison, and saw no men except the Americans who questioned her; most of them were Jewish. In his book, Halow also says he was shocked to learn that Koch may have turned to other men because her husband was a homosexual. Records at Buchenwald showed that he had been treated for syphilis.

On 19 August 1947, Koch was sentenced to life in prison for "[breaking] the laws and customs of war."

On 8 June 1948, General Lucius D. Clay, the temporary military governor of the American Zone in Germany, decreased Koch's life sentence to four years in prison. He gave the reason that "there was no convincing evidence that she had selected inmates for [murder] in order to secure tattooed skins, or that she [had anything] made of human skin."

A biography of General Clay, written by Jean Edward Smith, says that years later, the General said:

However, the General also said: 
News of the change in Koch's sentence did not become public until 16 September 1948. Many people were furious about the change, but General Clay did not change his mind.

Because people were so upset about her lighter sentence, Koch was re-arrested in 1949 and tried before a West German court. The trial started on 27 November 1950 and lasted seven weeks. During this time, 250 witnesses testified, including 50 who defended Koch. Koch collapsed and had to be carried from the court in late December 1950, and again on 11 January 1951. At least four separate witnesses for the prosecution testified either that they had seen Koch choose tattooed prisoners, who were then killed; or that they had seen or helped make human-skin lampshades from tattooed skin. However, prosecutors dropped this charge when they could not prove lampshades or any other items were actually made from human skin.

On 15 January 1951, the Court gave its verdict in a 111 page-long decision. Koch was not in court for the verdict. The Court decided that it could still try Koch, even though she had already been tried in 1944 and 1947, because it was charging her with different crimes than the other trials did. Because of this, trying Koch again would not be double jeopardy. Koch was convicted of charges of incitement (encouraging others) to murder, attempt to murder, and hurt other people badly. On 15 January 1951 , Koch was sentenced to life in prison, and her civil rights were taken away forever.

Koch appealed the Court's decision, but the appeal was denied on 22 April 1952 by the Federal Court of Justice of Germany. Koch later tried several times to get a pardon. However, the Bavarian Ministry of Justice refused all of her requests. Koch also protested her life sentence to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, but got no help from them.

Karl and Ilse Koch had a son named Artwin and two daughters named Gisele and Gudrun (Gudrun died as a baby). Their son killed himself after the war. Ilse Koch had another son, Uwe, conceived in her prison cell at Dachau by an unknown father. Uwe was born in the Aichach women's prison near Dachau where Koch was sent to serve her life sentence. Right away, he was taken away from her. At the age of 19, Uwe Köhler learned that Koch was his mother and began visiting her regularly at Aichach.

Koch killed herself at Aichach prison on 1 September 1967, at age 60, by hanging herself with her bedsheets.

SS-Obersturmfuhrer ; Lieutenant,SS-Haupsturmfuhrer ; Captain (1934)

SS-Sturmbannfuhrer ; Major,SS-Obersturmbannfuhrer ; Lieutenant-Colonel (1935-1936)

SS-Standartenfuhrer ; Colonel (1937-1945)

Per mille

A per mille is a sign which means parts per thousand. Per mil should not be confused with parts per million (ppm).

It is written ‰, which looks like a percent sign (%) with an extra zero in the divisor.

Benadryl

Benadryl is a brand name for a number of different medications sold by Johnson & Johnson to relieve allergies and coughs. It usually contains antihistamine diphenhydramine. In the United Kingdom, it contains either the antihistamine acrivastine or the long-acting antihistamine cetirizine. Benadryl products are sold in Australia and New Zealand as a cough medicine and do not contain any antihistamine.

Robert M. Carter

Robert Merlin "Bob" Carter (9 March 1942 – 19 January 2016) was a British-born Australian palaeontologist and stratigrapher. He was best known for his strong doubt about the state of climate change in Australia. He was professor and head of the School of Earth Sciences at James Cook University from 1981 to 1998.

Carter was born in England on 9 March 1942. He moved to New Zealand in 1956. He graduated at the University of Otago in 1963 and the University of Cambridge in 1968. He was married to Anne Carter.

Carter died from problems caused by a heart attack on 19 January 2016 in Townsville, Queensland. He was 73.

Gunshot

A gunshot is the discharge of a firearm. It produces a mechanical sound effect and a chemical gunshot residue. The term can also refer to a gunshot wound caused by the bullet. Multiple discharges of a firearm or firearms are referred to as gunfire. The word can mean either the sound of a gun firing, the projectiles that were fired, or both. For example, the statement "gunfire came from the next street" could either mean the sound of discharge, or it could mean the bullets themselves. It is better to be more specific while writing however. "The sound of gunfire" or "we came under gunfire" would be more descriptive and prevent confusion.

There are three things that characterize gunfire and allow a person to detect and locate gunfire and similar weapon discharges:

Gunfire can be confused with other sounds that can sound similar. These include firework explosions and cars backfiring. The sounds may be heard at greater distances in the direction of bullet travel than behind or to either side of the firearm.

Urban areas have noise patterns where background noise is higher during the daytime and lower at night. Firearm muzzle blast may be masked by background noise during daytime. But it may be detected at greater distances during the quieter hours of darkness. A popular urban gunfire locator system typically uses six to ten audio sensors per square mile for trilateration. (two or three per square kilometer)

A suppressor, sometimes called a "silencer", can be attached to the muzzle of a firearm to reduce the sound of firing the weapon. Suppressors attached to the muzzle will not reduce the sound of high velocity gas released from other locations like the gap between the cylinder and barrel of a revolver. A muzzle silencer is also ineffective in reducing the snap of a supersonic bullet, or the noise produced by the mechanical action of a self-loading firearm. Use of silencers is rare in United States crimes. A 2007 study estimated unlawful silencers were involved in only 0.05 percent (1 in 2,000) federal criminal prosecutions. Also, these include cases where the silencer was not used, but simply in the possession of the defendant for 92% of prosecutions involving a silencer.


Hartheim Killing Facility

The Hartheim Killing Facility () was a killing centre that Nazi Germany used to kill people with disabilities during World War II. The Nazis' ideas about eugenics said that people with disabilities were "life unworthy of life. Hartheim was one of six "euthanasia centres" the Nazis set up for their T4 Euthanasia Programme. Their goal was to get rid of all of Germany's people with disabilities. The killing centre was housed in Hartheim Castle in Alkoven, near Linz, Austria.

In June 1945, after the United States took over Austria, an American soldier found the "Hartheim statistics" in the Castle. This was a 39-page report written about the T-4 Euthanasia Programme ("Aktion T4"). It was meant to be seen by other Nazis in the program only. In the report were monthly counts of how many people with mental and physical disabilities were "disinfected" (gassed to death) in the Nazis' six euthanasia centres. In 1968 and 1970, an ex-employee said that he had to put together the material at the end of 1942. The Hartheim statistics included a page that said that "disinfecting [killing] 70,273 people with a life expectation of 10 years" had saved food in the value of 141,775,573.80 Reichsmarks.

According to the Hartheim statistics, between May 1940 and 1 September, 1941, a total of 18,269 people were killed in the gas chamber at Hartheim:
These statistics only cover the first extermination phase of the Nazi's euthanasia programme, "Action T4". Hitler officially ended that program because of protests, but secretly he kept killing people with disabilities. He also kept killing people he did not like right up to the end of the war.

In all it is estimated that a total of 30,000 people were executed at Hartheim. Among those killed were sick prisoners, prisoners with disabilities, and prisoners from concentration camps. The killings were carried out by carbon monoxide poisoning.

Just three days after the formal end of Action T4, a lorry arrived at Hartheim with 70 Jewish inmates from Mauthausen concentration camp. The inmates were killed at Hartheim. The Hartheim killing centre achieved a special reputation, because it was where the largest number of patients, and the most concentration prisoners, were gassed. Their numbers are estimated at 12,000.

Prisoners at Mauthausen who were no longer able to work, especially in the quarries, and "politically undesirable" prisoners were brought to Hartheim to be executed. These victims included:

From 1944 on, T4 doctors no longer picked out sick, elderly, or disabled prisoners to be killed. Instead, the Nazis' new goal was to free up space in the Mauthausen camp quickly, so they would send groups of women to Hartheim to be killed. Other transports came from the concentration camp of Gusen, and probably also from Ravensbrück, during 1944. These transports were made most of women with tuberculosis and women who had been labeled mentally ill.

Adolf Hitler's order from 1 September 1939 approving the start of the T4 Programme only mentioned doctors. Because of this, the Action T4 organisers, Viktor Brack and Karl Brandt, ordered that only medical doctors could execute sick patients. Doctors controlled the poison gas in the euthanasia centres. Many doctors used fake names in records about the people they killed.

From 1940 to 1945, Rudolf Lonauer was the head doctor at Hartheim, and Georg Renno was the Deputy head doctor.

The Action T4 Euthanasia Centres had temporary holding stations for victims. For example, many trucks carrying victims to Hartheim would stop at the Niedernhart Mental Institute in Linz, where Rudolf Lonauer was the senior doctor, as he was at Hartheim. At Niedernhart, victims were mainly killed by starvation or medical overdose (by giving deadly amounts of medicine). Patients would be put into categories. Some would be chosen and taken to Hartheim to be killed.

The Nazis thought that many different groups of people, but especially people with disabilities, were "life unworthy of life." They killed children and adults in their Euthanasia Centers. These victims included:

Almost 350 priests were killed at Hartheim. These victims included 310 Polish priests, seven Germans, six Czechs, four Luxemburgians, three Dutch, and two Belgians. Many of them were taken from the Priest's Block in Dachau concentration camp.

Dachau's chaplain, Hermann Scheipers, was also moved to the camp's invalid's block, so he could be taken to Hartheim as well. Scheipers' sister—who had kept in touch with Schiepers by mail—tracked down Dr. Bernsdorf, who was in charge of the clergy imprisoned in the Priest's Block. She told him that, in Münsterland, many people knew that imprisoned priests were sent to the gas chambers. After the conversation, Bernsdorf telephoned the commandant's office at Dachau. Scheipers reported that on that same day, 13 August 1942, he and three other German clergymen were saved from being sent to Hartheim. They were moved from the invalid's block, where the "Schutzstaffel" (SS) sent prisoners when they were going to be sent to another camp. The four clergymen were sent back to the priest's block.


Gunshot residue

Gunshot residue (GSR) is one of the results of firing a gun. When a bullet leaves the barrel of a firearm, it is accompanied by gases that include both burned and unburned particles of gunpowder. It also includes traces of metal from the firearm, the ammunition and the primer including the signature components of gunshot residue: lead, barium and antimony. GSR is usually found on the skin and clothing of the person who fired the gun. It may also be found in the entrance wound of the victim. This depends on how close the victim was to the gun when it was fired.

When a gun is fired, a plume of gas—including GSR particles—is ejected from the barrel and any other openings in the gun. The gunshot residue is deposited on objects that are close to the fired gun including the gun itself.

Crime scene specialists collect GSR from people and objects when there is reason to believe it may be there. The collected samples are then taken to a laboratory where they are examined. Forensic scientists can also use GSR residue to determine the distance between the barrel of the fired weapon and the target. The farther from the weapon the less the gunshot residue. Collection of GSR is time sensitive in many cases. After 4 to 8 hours it may wear off people's hands. It can remain for longer periods on a dead body or other objects. A number of advancements have been made in gunshot residue examinations in recent years. One improvement is in the use of scanning electron microscopes.

Recently, a test for finding GSR when the ammunition used was "green" or lead-free. In the past lead was required to be in the sample to identify it as GSR. Now a new test can identify GSR as small as a single particle.

In addition to the person who fired a weapon, finding GSR can show:

GSR may not be present for a number of reasons:


Essential medicines

The list of essential medicines is a listing of drugs compiled by the WHO. The list contains a number of drugs, which cover the basic needs of a society. The drugs on the list should be easy to get, and affordable. The list was first published in 1977. It is reviewed every two years. In 2003, 156 countries have joined the effort. As of 2016, over 300 different drugs and vaccines are on the list. About 95 percent of the drugs and substances on the list are not covered by patents, which means that generic drugs using the substance indicated can be produced easily.

There are two major problems with the list: First, there are a number of diseases which mainly occur in developing countries. Many people there cannot afford to pay high prices for drugs, which means pharmaceutical companies are not interested in developing new drugs for such diseases. Examples for such diseases are malaria or tuberculosis. The second problem is that certain drugs on the list are patented, and they are often expensive. Examples for the second kind of drugs are those used to treat AIDS.

According to a study done by the world bank, about a third of the world's population does not have access to these drugs.


Berkshire County, Massachusetts

Berkshire County is a county in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2020 Census, the county had a population of 129,026. The county seat and largest city is Pittsfield.

Rogerson, Idaho

Rogerson is an unincorporated community in Twin Falls County, Idaho, United States. Rogerson is part of the Twin Falls, Idaho Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease

Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease (pronounced ) or CJD is a neurological disease. It is degenerative (it gets worse over time); it cannot be cured, and it always causes death. CJD is sometimes called a human form of "mad cow disease" (bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or BSE). BSE is actually a cause of one rare type of Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease; the two are not the same disease.

CJD is caused by an infectious agent called a prion. Prions are proteins that are folded wrong. Prions make copies of themselves by changing correctly folded proteins into misfolded shapes. CJD causes brain tissue to become unhealthy very quickly. As the disease destroys the brain, the brain develops holes. The brain's texture changes and becomes like a kitchen sponge.

Types of CJD include:




The first symptom of CJD is dementia, which gets worse very quickly. dementia causes memory loss, personality changes, and hallucinations.

Other common mental symptoms include:

Physical symptoms of CJD often include:

Most people with CJD die within six months after their first symptoms appeared. Often, they die of pneumonia caused by trouble coughing. This is called aspiration pneumonia. About 15% of patients survive for two or more years. Some patients have lived 4–5 years with mostly mental symptoms until the disease gets worse and causes more physical symptoms. Once this happens, people usually die within a year.

The symptoms of CJD are caused by the death of more and more of the brain's nerve cells. When scientists look at brain tissue from a CJD patient under a microscope, they can see many tiny holes where whole areas of nerve cells have died.

Doctors may suspect CJD when a person has certain symptoms. For example, dementia usually gets worse slowly. Dementia that gets worse very quickly is unusual. Along with symptoms like jerky movements, these symptoms may point to possible CJD.
Tests can then be done to show whether the person has CJD. These tests include:

As of 2016, there is no treatment that cures CJD or even slows down its effects. Many experiments are being done to try to find treatments.

Today, the only treatments for CJD are medicines that treat the disease's symptoms and help patients be more comfortable. These treatments do not provide a cure. For example, patients who have seizures may be given anticonvulsant medications. Benzodiazepines can make muscle jerks happen less often.

Patients may also choose to have medical procedures to help with bad symptoms. For example, CJD may cause so much trouble swallowing that a person cannot eat. Some people with CJD choose to have a feeding tube put in when they can no longer eat. This is a tube that goes into the stomach, so that special liquid can be given right into the stomach to give the person hydration and nutrition.


Samira Khalil

Samira Khalil () is an activist from the Homs region of Syria. She was in prison for four years, from 1987 to 1991, because she opposed the Bashar al-Assad government in Syria. She disappeared in the city of Douma on December 9, 2013, with activists Razan Zeitouneh, Wael Hamada, and Nazem Hammadi. They are called the "Douma 4".

After prison, Khalil operated a publishing house. Then she worked with families of detainees. She wrote about detention in Syria. Before her kidnapping, she worked to help women in Douma to start small projects to make money. She stayed in Douma to start two centers for women.

Khalil and her husband Yassin al-Haj Saleh were in a documentary film called Baladna Alraheeb (Our Terrible Country). The film was about the period in their lives before Khalil's kidnapping in 2013.

Khalil received the Petra Kelly Prize from the Heinrich Böll Foundation in 2014. This was for her work at the Center for Documentation of Violations in Syria.


The Last Dragonlord

The Last Dragonlord is the first book in a series written by Joanne Bertin. It is a story about Linden Rathan, who is the only Dragonlord (a mythical half-human who can change into a dragon) without a "soultwin" (the other half of his dragon-human soul). The story takes place in a fictional place called Cassori.

Linden Rathan is the last Dragonlord to have been born in more than 600 years. He is sent to mediate a regency debate between Prince Peridaen and Duke Beren. He is sent along with a soultwinned pair named Kief Shaeldar and Tarlna Aurianne, both Dragonlords as well.

Before Linden gets to Cassori, he finds out that one of his friends, Bard Otter Henderson, will be there with him. Linden is teased by Otter about a person who wants to meet him, but he agrees to meet her. The person he meets is Maurynna Kyrissaean, who is also a Dragonlord, but has not Changed yet. Linden finds out that Maurynna is his soultwin after they meet and he begins to show love to her.

During the regency debate, a group called the Fraternity of Blood attacks the Dragonlords. They are trying to learn how to kill all the Dragonlords and let the Truehumans rule. Linden meets one of the members of the group named Sherrine Coltrane. She seduces him into being her lover in order to learn things about the Dragonlords. She falls in love with Linden and attacks his soultwin Maurynna. The attack makes Linden leave her and she poisons him with a farewell chalice.

After Linden is poisoned, he tries to leave. On the road, he is attacked by two people. During his attack, the poison makes him tell the two people secrets about the Dragonlords. Linden's soultwin Maurynna feels his sickness and saves him from the attackers. Linden is very depressed after the attack and refuses to leave his room.

Linden Rathan is the main character of the story. He is the last Dragonlord to have been born for 600 years. He is the target of a plot by the Fraternity of Blood to learn how to destroy the Dragonlords. His soultwin is Maurynna Kyrissaean.

Maurynna Kyrissaean is the soultwin to Linden Rathan. She starts the story as a new captain of a merchant ship that is bringing goods to Cassori. During the story, she Changes from a human into a Dragonlord. Her Change comes very close to killing her.

Otter Henderson is a bard that travels with Maurynna Kyrissaean to Cassori. He is a very old friend of Linden Rathan. He introduces Linden to Maurynna and her family. Otter also protects Maurynna from a woman named Sherrine who attacks Maurynna after Linden stops a relationship between himself and Sherrine.

Sherrine Colraine is the daughter of Anstella Colraine. She is a beautiful woman and a member of the Fraternity of Blood. Sherrine seduces Linden Rathan to learn secrets about the Dragonlords but ends up falling in love with him. After she attacks Maurynna, Linden stops being her lover. She and Linden share a poisoned farewell chalice, but she takes an antidote to be safe. Sherrine kills herself to save Linden and the prince from Kas Althume at the end of the story.

Kas Althume is the steward to Prince Peridaen. He is also a wizard for the Fraternity of Blood. Kas poisons Prince Rann to try to put Prince Peridaen on the Casori throne. He also poisons Linden Rathan using a farewell chalice and tortures him for knowledge about the Dragonlords. Kas is killed when Sherrine Coltraine stops a ritual killing of Prince Rann.

Shan is Linden Rathan's horse. He is a breed that is very smart. He can understand human speech. Shan travels very far to find Linden in Cassori after he was left behind. He helps Linden get better after Linden gets depressed.

Kief Shaeldar and Tarlna Aurianne are a soultwinned pair of Dragonlords sent with Linden Rathan to Cassori. They help Linden get better from a sickness he has after he drinks from a poisoned chalice.

Prince Peridaen is one of the two people fighting to be regent of Cassori. He is a member of the Fraternity of Blood. He tries to win by putting a counterfeit writing in a chest owned by Duke Beren.

Duke Beren is one of the two people fighting to be regent of Cassori. He is related to Prince Rann.

Respiratory tract

In humans, the respiratory tract is the parts of the body that help with respiration (getting oxygen into the body and getting rid of carbon dioxide).

The respiratory tract is divided into two sections: the upper airways and the lower airways. These two sections are separated by the vocal cords.

The upper respiratory tract starts with the nose and the nasal cavity. When a person breathes in through the nose, the air goes into the nasal cavity. The nasal cavity is lined with mucous and little hairs called cilia. These help filter things like dust out of the air a person breathes. The nasal cavity also warms the air.

Next is the pharynx. The pharynx is a common pathway for air and food. When a person breathes in, air goes through the pharynx on its way to the lungs. When a person eats, food passes through the pharynx on its way to the digestive system. There are three parts to the pharynx:

The next part of the upper airways is the larynx. The larynx is sometimes called the "voice box" because it has the vocal cords in it, making it possible to speak. The larynx also protects the trachea. Important parts of the larynx include:

The vocal cords mark the end of the upper airways.

The larynx continues in the lower airways. Important parts of the larynx that are in the lower airways include:

The trachea then splits into the two main bronchi. This split happens at a place called the carina, which is behind the middle of the sternum (breastbone). The bronchi are two tubes which carry air into the lungs. The main bronchi then split into smaller and smaller bronchi, which reach out into all the parts of the lungs like tree branches. Finally, the smallest bronchi, called bronchioles, end in the alveoli.

The airways' job is to bring air to the lungs, so it can get to the alveoli. At the alveoli, a very important process called "gas exchange" takes place. Oxygen from the air breathed into the lungs goes into the blood. The blood can then carry oxygen to every part of the body through the bloodstream. During gas exchange, carbon dioxide goes from the blood into the lungs, so it can be breathed out. If this exchange of gases did not happen, the body would not get enough oxygen to stay alive, and would also get poisoned by carbon dioxide.


Food drying

Food drying is a method of preserving food. The food is dried (either dehydrated or desiccated). Drying stops the growth of bacteria and fungi by removing water. These micro-organisms, which cause food to spoil, need water to survive.

This method of preserving food has been used since ancient times. The earliest known practice is 12,000 BC by people in the Middle East and Asia.

Water is traditionally removed through evaporation by drying the food in the air, sun or in smoke. A great variety of drying techniques are now used.

Many different foods can be preserved by drying. Meat and fish are preserved through such traditional methods as drying, smoking and salting.


Sans serif

In typography, a sans serif typeface is one that does not have the tiny feet called "serifs" at the end of strokes. 
The term comes from the French word "sans", meaning "without" and "serif" from the Dutch word "schreef" meaning "line".

Sans serif typefaces have been used since the 18th century, but became most used in the twentieth century as the modern art movement developed. Most designers of typefaces were artists. Some were outstanding in other artistic fields, and were part of the wider artistic culture of their times.

The apostle of sans serif was Jan Tschichold (2 April 1902 Leipzig, Germany – 11 August 1974 Locarno, Switzerland), a German-Swiss graphic designer. 
Tschichold not only designed typefaces, he showed how they could be used in the design of book printing. He was a chief designer for Penguin Books after the Second World War.

Sans serif faces are most used for display signs, advertising and for headings in books. Although they seem to work well for the text in books, they are much less used for that purpose.


Fez (hat)

The fez (, plural fezzes or fezes from Arabic "Fas" the main town in Morocco before 1927), as well as its equivalent, the tarboosh ( "ṭarbūsh"), is a felt hat.

There are two types: One is a cone with a flat top, made of red felt. The other is a short cylinder made of kilim fabric. Both usually have a tassel attached to the top. The tarboosh and the modern fez, which is similar, owe much of their development and popularity to the Ottoman era.

In 1925, the fez was banned in Turkey by the President, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk. Since 1925, the fez is not a part of Turkish men's clothing.

Dalkurd FF

Dalkurd FF is an association football club in the town of Borlänge in Sweden. The club was founded by Kurds in Sweden 2004, and played its first Superettan season in 2016.


Bowler hat

The bowler hat is a hard felt hat with a rounded crown.

It was originally designed to protect the head from blows. One story is that the British soldier and politician Edward Coke, the younger brother of the 2nd Earl of Leicester had it made in 1849. Its purpose was to protect his gamekeepers' heads from low-hanging branches while on horseback. The keepers had previously worn top hats, which were easily knocked off and damaged. 

The bowler hat was popular with the working class during the Victorian era, and later on with the middle and upper classes in Britain and the eastern United States. In Britain, they are worn as civilian dress by Guards officers. 

The bowler was the most popular hat in the American Old West. It was "the hat that won the West". Both cowboys and railroad workers preferred the hat because it would not blow off easily in strong wind while riding a horse, or when sticking one's head out the window of a speeding train. It was worn by both lawmen and outlaws, including Bat Masterson, Butch Cassidy, Black Bart, and Billy the Kid. In America the hat came to be commonly known as the "derby", and Wild West outlaw Marion Hedgepeth was commonly referred to as "the Derby Kid".

The bowler, called a in Spanish, has been worn by Quechua and Aymara women since the 1920s, when it was introduced to Bolivia by British railway workers. For many years, a factory in Italy manufactured the hats for the Bolivian market, but they are now made locally. Another region where the bowler hat is worn is the Niger Delta area of Nigeria.

The bowler makes regular appearances. It was part of John Steed's outfit in "The Avengers" British TV series, and Oddjob's favourite weapon in the original "Goldfinger" film. It was worn by "Charlie Chaplin" and Stan Laurel in movies.

Steady-state model

In cosmology, the Steady State theory is a theory about how the universe began. It is an alternative to the Big Bang model. This theory says that the continuous decreasing of density, makes also a continuous creation of matter.

Remote keyless system

A remote keyless system is a device used to control access to a building or car without using a traditional mechanical key.

Edmonde Charles-Roux

Edmonde Charles-Roux (17 April 1920 – 20 January 2016) was a French writer. She was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine.

In 1946, she joined the staff of a magazine being created, a women's weekly: "Elle", where she spent two years. From 1948, she worked for the French edition of "Vogue", becoming the magazine’s editor-in-chief in 1954.

Charles-Roux died on 20 January 2016, in Marseille, France, at the age of 95.


Ronald Greenwald

Ronald Greenwald (January 8, 1934 – January 20, 2016) was an American Orthodox Jewish rabbi. He was a businessman and an educator. He was born in New York City.

Greenwald made a career of spy trading, international hostage mediation, and other forms of high-stakes diplomacy. He worked with Presidents Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan to help the Jewish community. He served as a community activist, chaired various civic boards, directed a high school a summer camp and was the chairman of Magenu.

Greenwald died in his sleep while on vacation in Florida from a possible heart attack on January 20, 2016 at the age of 82.


Homayoun Behzadi

Homayoun Behzadi (‎; 20 June 1942 – 22 January 2016) was an Iranian footballer and coach. He usually played as a striker. He played for Paykan, but most notably for the Iran national football team. For a very brief time, Behzadi was the coach of the Persepolis football team in 1975.

Behzadi suffered a heart attack in April 2013. He made a full recovery. Behzadi died in Tehran on 22 January 2016 at the age of 73.


David G. Hartwell

David Geddes Hartwell (July 10, 1941 January 20, 2016) was an American critic, publisher and editor of science fiction and fantasy. He was best known for work with Signet, Pocket and Tor Books publishers. He was also known as an award-winning editor of anthologies. He was born in Salem, Massachusetts.

Hartwell died in Pleasantville, New York from complications of a fall on January 20, 2016 at the age of 74.


Kapo

A kapo or prisoner functionary was a special type of prisoner in the Nazi concentration camps during The Holocaust. Kapos were chosen by the "Schutzstaffel" (SS) camp guards to help run the camps. Some kapos were in charge of other prisoners, who had to do forced labor. Other kapos did paperwork and kept records in the camps.

The Nazis used kapos for many reasons. With kapos helping to run the camps, the camps did not need as many SS guards. The kapos helped the SS control the other prisoners. This made it possible for a small number of SS to run large concentration camps. Also, because kapos were prisoners, they were not paid for their work, so this system also saved a lot of money.

Even though they were not paid, the kapos got special treatment. They did not have to do hard labor, and they were not physically abused like the other prisoners. They sometimes got extra food, cigarettes, alcohol, regular clothes, and private rooms. However, to keep this special treatment, the kapos had to keep the SS guards happy. If they did not control the other prisoners well enough, the kapos would lose their jobs. They would become regular prisoners again.

The SS often chose kapos who were members of violent criminal gangs. These kapos often abused other prisoners badly. The SS allowed this abuse to happen.

The SS controlled the concentration camps. However, from day to day, the kapos helped keep the camps running. They made it possible for the camps to run with fewer SS guards. Sometimes, up to 10% of the prisoners at the camps were kapos. Without the kapos, the SS running the camps would not have been able to keep the camps running smoothly.

Kapos were often hated by other prisoners and were seen as Nazi henchmen. Sometimes, other prisoners would spit on the kapos. Some barracks leaders ("blockälteste") secretly helped prisoners in their barracks get extra food or easier jobs. However, other kapos did more to help the SS, partly because they thought this would help them survive the camps.

Criminal kapos were called "professional criminals" by other prisoners . These kapos were known for being cruel and brutal to other prisoners. In fact, this was why the SS had chosen them to be kapos. According to former prisoners, kapos who were criminals were more likely to be helpful to the SS. Kapos who were sent to concentration camps for disagreeing with the Nazis' politics were more likely to be helpful to other prisoners.

In his "Dictionary of the Camp", Oliver Lustig wrote:

Vicenzo and Luigi Pappalettera wrote in their book "The Brutes Have the Floor" that, every time a new transport of [prisoners] arrived at Mauthausen [concentration camp], Kapo August Adam picked out the professors, lawyers, priests and magistrates and cynically asked them: "Are you a lawyer? A professor? Good! ... I am a killer. I have five convictions on my record: one for manslaughter and four for robbery. Well, here I am in command. The world has turned upside down, did you get that? Do you need a "dolmetscher", an interpreter? Here it is!" And he was pointing to his bat, after which he struck. When he was satisfied, he formed a [work group] with those selected and sent them to clean the latrines.
The SS used domination and terror to control the many prisoners in the camps with just a few SS guards. Kapos were a very important part of this system, where prisoners were completely controlled and always had to be afraid of being hurt or murdered.

The Nazis used many different strategies to torture prisoners mentally and physically, and to keep them under control. These strategies included:

Kapos helped with all these things. Their job also included pushing the prisoners to work harder. Many kapos, especially the criminals, could be very cruel to prisoners, especially when SS guards were nearby, to show that they were doing their jobs and deserved their special treatment. They often beat prisoners, and some even killed prisoners. Some kapos sexually abused young boys and men.

One non-criminal kapo was Josef Heiden. He was an Austrian political prisoner (someone put in prison because they disagreed with the Nazis' political beliefs). Prisoners feared and hated him. He was known as a sadist - someone who liked hurting and torturing people. He killed several people while he was a kapo. He was set free from Dachau concentration camp in 1942, and joined the Waffen SS. Some kapos personally helped the SS mass murder other prisoners. Beginning in October 1944, the Nazis started transferring criminal kapos to the Dirlewanger Brigade of the Waffen SS.

Kapos had a bad reputation for helping the Nazis and often being cruel. However, a book written about Jewish kapos says that many kapos felt caught in the middle. They felt like victims of the Nazis, but at the same time they were helping the Nazis and hurting fellow prisoners. Many of them felt guilty about what they did, both at the time and after World War II ended.

In the kapo system, there were different types of kapos, who had different ranks and different jobs.

The highest, most powerful job that a prisoner could get was called "Lagerältester" ("camp leader" or "camp senior"). He (or she) answered directly to the camp's "commandant" (commander). The Lagerältester had to make sure that everything ran smoothly in the camps every day.

The second-most powerful kapos were the "Blockältester" (block or barracks leader) and the "Stubenältester" (room leader). The "Blockältester" was in charge of the prisoners in the barracks, and making sure they followed the rules. The "Stubenälteste" was in charge of a specific room within a barracks. He had to force the prisoners to make the barracks neat and clean. He was also in charge of the room's hygiene, like killing lice (which spread diseases like typhus).

The "Blockschreiber" (registrar or barrack clerk) kept records. For example, he kept track of prisoners during roll calls (where prisoners were forced to stand and be counted over and over).

Work crews outside the camp were controlled by a "Vorarbeiter" (foreman), a Kapo, or "Oberkapo" (chief kapo). These functionaries pushed their fellow prisoners to work harder and harder, hitting and beating them, even killing them.

Kapos could often help other prisoners by getting them into better barracks, or getting them assigned to easier work. Sometimes, kapos were even able to get other prisoners removed from transport lists when they were scheduled to be sent to death camps. Some kapos were also able to get prisoners new identities to protect them from persecution When kapos did these things, they usually did them only for people in their own group (for example, people from the same country or political party). Not every kapo did this, and the ones who did had to be very careful. If the kapos made the SS angry by helping other prisoners, they would lose their jobs and might even be sent to the gas chambers to be murdered. Heinrich Himmler described this in a speech:

The moment he becomes a "Kapo", he no longer sleeps with [the other prisoners]. He is held accountable for the performance of the work, that they are clean, that the beds are well-built. <nowiki>[...]</nowiki> So, he must drive his men. The moment we become dissatisfied with him, he is no longer Kapo, he's back to sleeping with his men. And he knows that he will be beaten to death by them the first night.<br>—Heinrich Himmler, June 21, 1944

A kapo who the SS liked could have a camp "career" and be promoted from "Kapo" to "Oberkapo" and eventually to "Lagerältester". However, he could also just as easily be sent to the gas chambers if he did something the SS did not like.


Bogusław Kaczyński

Bogusław Kaczyński (May 2, 1942 – January 21, 2016) was a Polish classical music journalist. He was born in Biała Podlaska, Poland.

He was the author of a classical recording series called "The Golden Collection". He also hosted musical competitions, including the Frederic Chopin Piano Competition, the Henryk Wieniawski Violin Competition, and the New Year's Concerts in Vienna.

He has been ranked among the top 10 Polish television personalities by the Polityka magazine. 

Kaczyński died in Warsaw, Poland of a stroke on January 21, 2016, aged 73.


Mrinalini Sarabhai

Mrinalini Sarabhai (; 11 May 1918 – 21 January 2016) was an Indian classical dancer, choreographer and instructor. She was the founder of the Darpana Academy of Performing Arts in the city of Ahmedabad. She received many awards and citations in recognitions of her work to art. She trained over 18,000 students in Bharatnatyam and Kathakali. She was born in Kerala, India. She was married to renowned physicist Vikram Sarabhai.

Sarabhai was hospitalized in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India for pneumonia on 20 January 2016. She died the next day of respiratory failure at the age of 97.


Germaine Damar

Germaine Damar (born August 31, 1929) is a Luxembourgian actress and dancer. She used the stage name Ria Poncelet. She was born in Petingen, Luxembourg. 

Damar started her career as an acrobat and played in nearly 30 German movies, including three movies in which she was the partner of Peter Alexander. Her best known movies are "Mädchen mit schwachem Gedächtnis" (1956), "Die Drei von der Tankstelle" (1955) and "So ein Millionär hat's schwer" (1958).

Derrick Todd Lee

Derrick Todd Lee (November 5, 1968 – January 21, 2016) was a convicted American serial killer, nicknamed the Baton Rouge Serial Killer. He was born in St. Francisville, Louisiana.

He was linked by DNA to the deaths of seven women in the Baton Rouge and Lafayette areas in Louisiana, and in 2004 was convicted, in separate trials, of the murders of Geralyn DeSoto and Charlotte Murray Pace. The Pace trial resulted in a death sentence. Newspapers have suggested Lee can be linked to other unsolved murders in the area, but the police lacked DNA evidence to prove these connections. 

Lee died on January 21, 2016 at the age of 47, of an undisclosed medical condition at the Louisiana State Penitentiary in the West Feliciana Parish, while awaiting execution.


Sudhindra Thirtha

Sudhindra Thirta (31 March 1926 – 17 January 2016), also known as Shri Sudhindra Thirtha Swamiji, was an Indian Hindu religious leader. He was the legal and spiritual head (mathadipathi) of the Kashi Math and the twentieth successive person called the swamiji of guru parampara. He was born in Ernakulam, Kerala, India.

Thirtha died in Haridwar, India from renal failure on 17 January 2016 at the age of 89.

Frank Sullivan (baseball)

Franklin Leal "Frank" Sullivan (January 23, 1930 – January 19, 2016) was an American right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Red Sox (1953-60), Philadelphia Phillies (1961-62) and the Minnesota Twins (1962-63). He was born in Hollywood, California.

Sullivan was named to the American League All-Star team in 1955 and 1956, and was elected to the Boston Red Sox Hall of Fame in 2008. 

Sullivan died in Lihue, Hawaii from pneumonia on January 19, 2016 at the age of 85.


Larry Sanders (politician)

Lawrence "Larry" Sanders (born April 25, 1935) is an American-born British academic and politician. He is a member of the Green Party. Sanders was born in Brooklyn, New York. He is the brother of United States senator and Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders.

Sanders moved to the United Kingdom in 1968. He was active in the Labour Party in Oxford in the 1980s. He left the Labour Party in 2001 because he felt that it had moved too far to the right under Tony Blair, and joined the Green Party. Sanders was a Green Party county councillor representing the East Oxford division on Oxfordshire County Council, until he retired from the Council in 2013. He was a candidate to be the Member of Parliament for Witney. He came in fourth place.

Jess Harnell

Jess Q. Harnell (born December 23, 1963) is an American voice actor and singer. He is best known for his voice roles as Wakko Warner in "Animaniacs", Jonny 2x4 in "Ed, Edd n Eddy", Ironhide in the "Transformers" movie series, Chilly in "Doc McStuffins" and Crash Bandicoot in the video game franchise of the same name. He has been the voice of Br'er Rabbit in various Disney projects since 1989. He has been the announcer on "America's Funniest Home Videos" since 1998.

Harnell and his wife Cara were married on November 19, 2019.


Umberto Raho

Umberto Raho (4 June 1922 – 9 January 2016) was an Italian stage, movie and television actor. He was born in Bari, Italy. Raho was known for his roles in "The Bird with the Crystal Plumage", "The Last Man on Earth", and "Superfantagenio".

Raho died in Anzio, Italy from complications of Alzheimer's disease on 9 January 2016 at the age of 93.

Mouthparts

Mouthparts is a general term used in animal biology (zoology). It means the various bits and pieces around the opening of the alimentary canal (mouth). These mouthparts are used by animals to help get their food organised before they swallow it.

All animals have mouthparts except those which absorb their food through their epidermis. The main variations are chewing, sucking and dissolving

Shield bug

Shield bugs are the Acanthosomatidae, a family of Hemiptera. There are 55 genera, with about 200 species.
It is one of the least varied families of bugs. The number of species is quite low for beetles, and it is not known why this is so. Individually they are fairly common.

Shield bugs, like almost all bugs, live by sucking the sap of plants, usually flowering plants. They have a "layered" defence system. From a distance they are difficult to see because they are camouflaged. Then, they have a tough armoured back. Lastly, if touched, they give off revolting scents, rather like stink bugs (which are a related group).

Totterdown

Totterdown is a residential area in Bristol, England. It is just south of the city centre. It is a short walk from Bristol's main train station, Bristol Temple Meads.

Totterdown is known for its steep residential streets and its colourful houses. It has many cafes, bistros and pubs. It is popular for the arts. It hosts The Totterdown Front Room Arts Trail each autumn. The Totterdown Music Festival takes place in the summer. It has easy access to several parks and green spaces - School Road Park, Perrett's Park, Victoria Park and Redcatch Park.

Arnos Vale Cemetery is located in Totterdown. 

Jim Bowie

James "Jim" Bowie (pronounced BOO-ee; April 1796 – March 6, 1836) was a 19th-century American pioneer. He played a prominent role in the Texas Revolution. He died at the Battle of the Alamo. Stories of him as a fighter and frontiersman, both real and fictitious, have made him a legendary figure in Texas history. He is a folk hero of American history. The Bowie knife is named after Jim Bowie.

Bowie was born in April 1796 in Logan County, Kentucky. He was the son of Reason and Elve Ap-Catesby (Jones) Bowie. Reason was a farmer and operated a Gristmill. The family moved in February 1800 to New Madrid, Missouri, then part of Spanish Louisiana. In 1801 they settled on farms in what is now Catahoula Parish, Louisiana. There Reason and his brothers swore allegiance to the Spanish government. Reason created a plantation there where he grew cotton and sugarcane. He also raised livestock and bought and sold slaves. This is where Jim and his brothers grew up.

As a teenager Bowie floated lumber to market in the Avoyelles and Rapides parishes in Louisiana. He and his brother Rezin joined the army during the War of 1812. Their regiment was on its way to join Andrew Jackson at New Orleans when the war ended. After the war he and his brothers entered into the slave-trading business. During this time he developed a reputation as a deadly knife-fighter. He then got into land speculation. He bought large parcels of land and sold them whenever he could make a profit. Many of his land claims turned out to be fraudulent. He and his brothers moved to Arkansas where they soon were involved in new land speculation schemes.

In 1830 Bowie moved to Coahuila y Tejas (now the Mexican state of Coahuila). There he swore allegiance to Mexico. He purchased land grants in Stephen F. Austin's colony. This, and the Cotton mill he bought, allowed him to become a Mexican citizen. He married Ursula de Veramendi in April 1831 and the couple settled at Saltillo, the capital of Coahuila y Tejas. In 1833 the capital changed to Monclova. When the two towns decided to fight over the issue, Bowie supported Monclova. Ursula and her parents died of choleria in Monclova in September of 1833.

While living in Texas, Bowie had a number of adventures. One was written about by his brother John in an article: "Early Life in the Southwest—The Bowies" in De Bow's Review of the Southern and Western States (1852). While looking for a silver mine north of San Antonio Bowie, his brother Rezin and 9 others were attacked by some 150 Comanches. After killing a number of Comanches during several days of fighting, he and the remaining survivors escaped at night to a nearby settlement. 
Antonio López de Santa Anna was the president of Mexico during this time. He declared himself a dictator in May 1834. He then got rid of the congress and the state legislatures. Along with several other Mexican states, Coahuila y Tejas (Texas) rebelled. At first, the Texans (Tejanos) wanted the 1824 constitution brought back. But they soon changed to demand independence from Mexico. Bowie went to San Felipe, Texas to take muskets from a Mexican armory. He fought at the Battle of Concepción in October 1835 having been made a colonel of volunteers.

In January 1836 he joined William B. Travis as co-commanders of The Alamo. There they were joined by others including Davy Crockett, who arrived in February 1836. On February 23, 1836 Santa Anna arrived with an army of up to 6,000 soldiers. About 189 Texans held off the Mexican army for 13 days. The Alamo finally fell on March 6, 1836 with nearly all the defenders killed. One of the few survivors was Sarah the wife of captain Almaron Dickinson.

The knife Bowie was famous for may actually have been designed by his brother, Rezin P. Bowie. Rezin (pronounced "reason") gave his younger brother (Jim) the knife so he would always have a backup weapon. It became history after the sandbar fight on the banks of the Mississippi River in September 1827.

According to his brother John, Jim Bowie was a large man, about tall and about . He had light colored hair, grey eyes and a fair complexion. He has been described as being mild mannered. But if insulted, he had a terrible temper that quickly came out.

There have been a number of movies about the Battle of the Alamo. Bowie has appeared as a character in many of them:




Luminator Bernocchi

Luminator Bernocchi is a type of floor lamp. It was designed by the architect Luciano Baldessari. The Italian entrepreneur Antonio Bernocchi commissioned the lamp. Bernocchi's main business was making textiles. He wanted a lamp which could light the fabrics on display without burning them. The lamp is made from metal. Its design was influenced by Futurism. The prototype was presented in 1929, first in the Bernocchi Pavilion at the Milan Fair and then in the Italian Pavilion at the International Expo in Barcelona.


Miloslav Ransdorf

Miloslav Ransdorf (15 February 1953 – 22 January 2016) was a Czech politician. He served as a Member of the European Parliament for the Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia from 1 May 2004 until his death. In December 2015, he was arrested for his apparent role in a bank scandal in Switzerland. He was born in Rakovník, Czechoslovakia.

Ransdorf died from a stroke on 22 January 2016 in Prague, aged 62.

Robert Sassone (cyclist)

Robert Sassone (23 November 1978 – 21 January 2016) was a French racing cyclist. He was a member of the Cofidis cycling team. He rode is the men's madison at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. He also won the men's madison at the 2001 Track World Championships. He was banned in 2004 for doping. He was born in Nouméa, New Caledonia.

Sassone had cancer during the final years of his life. He killed himself on 21 January 2016, aged 37.

M. K. A. D. S. Gunawardana

Munasinghe Kariyawasam Appuhamilage Don Somadasa Gunawardana (6 March 1947 – 19 January 2016) was a Sri Lankan politician. He was a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka for the Sri Lanka Freedom Party and later the United National Party. He was Minister of Land from 12 January 2015 until his death.

Gunawardana died on 19 January 2016 in Colombo from cancer, aged 68.

Nine Network

Nine Network, also known as Channel Nine or simply Nine, is an Australian commercial free-to-air television network. It is one of the three major television networks in Australia. It was launched on 16 September 1956.



A. C. Jose

Ambat Chacko Jose (; 5 February 1937 – 23 January 2016) was an Indian politician. He was Speaker of the Kerala Legislative Assembly. He also served as a Member of Parliament from Thrissur Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala three times between 1996 and 2004. He was born in Edapally, Ernakulam.

Jose died on 23 January 2016 in Kochi, aged 78.

Namaste Falls

Namaste Falls () is a waterfall located in Vedatar in Dhankuta district in Nepal. It is about high. It is popular as a tourist destination.

Dhankuta District

Dhankuta is a district in Nepal. It is in the Koshi Province. Its headquarters is Dhankuta.


Dhankuta

Dhankuta ( ) is a town in the hills of eastern Nepal. It is the headquarters of Koshi Zone. It is located in Dhankuta district. Nepali is spoken there, and English is also spoken in some offices.


Achham District

Achham District () is a district in Nepal. It is in the Sudurpashchim Province. Mangalsen is the district headquarters of this district.

Seti Zone

Seti () was a zone of Nepal. It was in the Far-Western Development region of Nepal.


Mangalsen

Mangalsen is a municipality in Nepal. It is the headquarters of the Achham District which is in the Seti Zone of western Nepal.


Lumbini Zone

Lumbini was a zone of Nepal. It was in the Western Development Region. It is the birth place of Gautama Buddha, who became the founder of Buddhism.

Lumbini is one of the holiest place of Buddhists. The original name of Gautama Buddha was Sidhhartha Gautama. Lumbini is in the Terai region of Nepal. Lumbini has been listed on the UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is also a significant pilgrimage for Buddhists.

The most sacred place to go in Lumbini is the Mayadevi Temple (Mayadevi is the name of Lord Buddha’s mother). One can also see the inscriptions on the Ashoka Pillar which say that the Buddha was born in Lumbini. Other than that, there are many other stupas built by countries like China, Japan, Myanmar, Sri Lanka, Germany and so on. There is also a museum where people can see and learn about the ancient history of Lumbini and Gautama Budhha. There are many other fascinating sites in Lumbini which makes it one of the important districts of Nepal. It is also a touristic site as many tourists come and visit there. Lumbini is most visited by Buddhists from all over the world. Many monks do their prayers everyday. 


Rapti Zone

Rapti ( ) was a zone, in the Mid-Western Development Region of Nepal. It was named after the Rapti river.


Karnali Zone

Karnali () was a zone in the Mid-Western Development Region of Nepal. Its headquarters was Jumla. It is a remote region with no roads in or out. Karnali is accessed by several airfields. It is one of the poorest regions in Nepal.


Bheri Zone

Bheri () was a zone of Nepal. It was in the Mid-Western Development Region. Its administrative headquarters was Nepalgunj.


Mahakali Zone

Mahakali (), was a zone of Nepal in the Far-Western Development Region. It had an area of .


Biratnagar

Biratnagar () is a major industrial city and the second largest city in Nepal. Its geographical location is 26°28'60"N 87°16'60"E. The city is located in the Morang District in the Koshi Province of Nepal. It is the capital of the Koshi Province.


Morang District

Morang District ( ), a district of Nepal. It is in the Koshi Province, in the Terai plain area.


Jhapa District

Jhapa District (; ) is a district of Koshi Province in eastern Nepal named after a Rajbanshi |Surjapuri language word "Jhapa" meaning "to cover" (verb). The latest official data, the 2021 Nepal Census, puts the total population of the district at 994,090. The total area of the district is 1,606 square kilometres.

The lowlands of Limbuwan (present-day terai lands of Sunsari, Morang and Jhapa) was collectively known as Morang since the time of King Mawrong of 7th century.In the beginning of 1400 AD, Morang Kingdom patriated from Kingdom of Ilam and Kingdom of Mikluk Bodhey (Choubise) and started ruling on its own.

Jhapa is the easternmost district of Nepal and lies in the fertile Terai plains. It is part of the Outer Terai. Jhapa borders with Ilam in the north, Morang in the west, the Indian state of Bihar in the south and the Indian state of West Bengal to the southeast and east. Geographically, it covers an area of and lies on 87°39’ east to 88°12’ east longitude and 26°20’ north to 26°50’ north latitude.


Lysozyme

A lysozyme is a part of the innate immune system. They are enzymes which are in mucus secretions like saliva. They protect against infection by chopping up the bacteria, viruses and fungi which infect animals.

The name 'lysozyme' was coined in 1922 by Alexander Fleming (1881–1955), the discoverer of penicillin. Fleming first observed the antibacterial action of lysozyme when he treated bacterial cultures with nasal mucus from a patient suffering from a common cold.

Lysozyme is in a number of secretions, such as tears, saliva, milk, and mucus. It is also present in cytoplasmic granules of macrophages and granulocyte neutrophils.

The enzyme works by attacking polymers in the cell walls of bacteria, especially Gram-positive bacteria like "Bacillus" and "Streptococcus".

Lysozyme was the second protein structure, and the first enzyme structure, solved by X-ray diffraction methods. It was the first enzyme to be fully sequenced that contains all twenty common amino acids.
It was also the first enzyme to have a detailed, specific mechanism suggested for its action. This work led to an explanation of how enzymes speed up a chemical reaction by their physical structures.


Stephen Hendry

Stephen Hendry (born 13 January 1969) is a Scottish former professional snooker player. He has won the World Championship seven times, a record in the modern snooker era.

Hendry started playing snooker in 1981, aged 12, and became at 16 years the youngest ever professional. He finished his professional career 27 years later after his defeat in the 2012 world championship. In his career he was between 1990 an 1998 and again 2006/2007 snooker's world number one. Actual Hendry operates as a commentator for BBC Snooker.


Steve Davis

Steve Davis (born 22 August 1957) is an English former professional snooker player. He was born in Plumstead, London. He has won the World Championship six times and dominated snooker in the eighties of the 20th century. 

Davis started his professional career in 1978. Ten years later he became the first player to complete snooker's Triple Crown by winning the UK Championship, Masters, and World Championship in the same season.


The Alamo (1960 movie)

The Alamo is a 1960 American historical-western epic movie about the 1836 Battle of the Alamo. It was produced and directed by John Wayne. The movie starred Wayne as Davy Crockett. The picture also stars Richard Widmark as Jim Bowie. The movie was filmed on location in Texas and released by United Artists. The long 3 hour and 12 minute movie (not counting intermission) was not historically accurate.


John Higgins

John Higgins (born 18 May 1975) is a Scottish professional snooker player. He has won the World Championship four times. He has also lost in the final four times.

In the modern snooker era only Stephen Hendry (7), Steve Davis (6), Ray Reardon (6) and Ronnie O'Sullivan (7) were more often world champion. 

John Higgins started his professional career in 1992. Because of a betting scandal in 2010, he was banned for six months, but successfully returned to the World Snooker Tour.


Ray Reardon

Ray Reardon (born 8 October 1932) is a former Welsh snooker player who dominated his sport in the seventies of the 20th Century. He has won the World Championship six times. The former policeman and miner started his professional snooker career in 1967, which ended in 1992. As the world's best player, he was replaced by Steve Davis.


Eileen Heckart

Eileen Heckart (March 29, 1919 – December 31, 2001) was an American movie, television and stage actress. She was born Anna Eileen Herbert. "Heckart" is the last name by which she was known for most of her life. 

On Broadway, she acted in "The Bad Seed", "Picnic", "Barefoot in the Park", "A Memory of Two Mondays" and "The Cemetery Club". In movies, she acted in "The First Wives Club". She also appeared in the Clint Eastwood movie "Heartbreak Ridge". On television, Heckart acted in "Partners in Crime", "Love Story" and "The Mary Tyler Moore Show".

Heckart was born in Columbus, Ohio. She died of lung cancer in Norwalk, Connecticut at age 82. 


December 1969 nor'easter

The December 1969 nor'easter was a strong winter storm. It affected the Northeastern United States and Quebec. It included a tornado outbreak, record snow accumulations, a damaging ice storm, and flooding rains.

Altenburg Abbey

Altenburg Abbey is a Benedictine monastery in Austria. It was founded in 1144 by Countess Hildeburg of Poigen-Rebgau. It is located in Horn, near Sankt Pölten, in Lower Austria. The site is known for its Baroque architecture today. 


The Bad Seed (movie)

The Bad Seed is a 1956 American horror movie. It has elements of film noir. This movie is based on the 1954 play of the same name.

On her piano, eight year old Rhoda Penmark (played by Patty McCormack) plays the French song "Au clair de la lune" while her father says his good-byes and goes on military duty. Rhoda is under the care of her mother Christine (Nancy Kelly). 

Rhoda begins as a well-behaved child. As the movie goes on, she becomes evil and sinister. She commits murder, steals and sets fires. 

A lightning bolt during a rainstorm kills Rhoda instantly.


This was one of Warner Bros. biggest movies of the year. It took in $4.1 million in the American box office. It was also popular in the British box office. 

The movie was nominated for four Academy Awards, including Best Actress, Best Actress in a Supporting Role and Best Cinematography.

"The Bad Seed" was remade for television in 1985.


Patty McCormack

Patty McCormack (born Patricia Ellen Russo, August 21, 1945) is an American actress. She acts in theater, television and movies. She played eight year old sociopath and killer Rhoda Penmark in "The Bad Seed". She also played Joanna Wilkes in "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn".

McCormack was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Faraday cage

A Faraday cage or Faraday shield is an enclosure made from material that conducts electricity. It is used to block electric fields. The Faraday cage is named after the English scientist Michael Faraday, who invented it in 1836.

An electrical field outside the cage causes electric charges in the cage's conducting material to move around and cancel the field's effect inside the cage. It protects sensitive electronic equipment from external radio frequency interference (RFI). 

Faraday cages are also used to enclose devices that produce RFI, such as radio transmitters, to prevent their radio waves from interfering with other nearby equipment. They are also used to protect people and equipment against actual electric currents such as lightning strikes and electrostatic discharges. The enclosing cage conducts current round the outside of the enclosed space and none passes though the inside space.

Ilam District

Ilam district () is a district in Nepal. It is in the Koshi Province. The population was 290,254 according to the census of 2011.


Ilam Municipality

Ilam ( ) is a municipality in the Ilam District of Nepal. It is in the hilly region of Mechi zone in eastern Nepal. It is the headquarters of Mechi Zone and Ilam district. Nepali is spoken there, and English is also spoken in some offices.


Panchthar District

Panchthar district ( ) is a district in Nepal. It is in the Koshi Province.


Phidim Municipality

Phidim is a municipality of Nepal. It is in the Panchthar District of the Mechi Zone. This municipality was made on 18 May 2014 by merging Phidim, Chokmagu and Siwa villages.



Arghakhanchi District



Sandhikharka

Sandhikharka () is a municipality in Nepal. It is the headquarters of Arghakhanchi District, in the Lumbini Zone of Nepal. On 18 May 2014, it was converted into a municipality by merging Sandhikharka, Bangla, Narapani, Khanchikot, Kimadada, Argha and Dibharna VDCs.


Samsung Galaxy Note

Samsung Galaxy Note is a series of smartphones and tablet computers made by Samsung Electronics. They use Android as their operating system.

The models are mainly for pen computing. All Galaxy Note models come with a stylus pen. They have a Wacom digitizer that turns handwriting into text.

Phablet

A phablet () is a type of mobile device designed to combine the format of smartphones and tablet computers. The name itself is a combination of the words "phone" and "tablet".

Phablets have screens that measure diagonally . This size allows for activities such as mobile web browsing and watching videos.

Elisabeta Polihroniade

Elisabeta Polihroniade (24 April 1935 – 23 January 2016) was a Romanian chess player and journalist. She became a Woman Grandmaster in 1982. She was also an International Arbiter. She won the Romanian Women's Championship in 1966, 1970, 1971, 1972, 1975, 1976 and 1977. She was born in Bucharest.

Polihroniade died on 23 January 2016, aged 80.


Barry Brickell

Ian Barry Brickell (26 October 1935 – 23 January 2016), better known as Barry Brickell, was a New Zealand potter and conservationist. He was the founder and builder of the Driving Creek Railway in the Coromandel Peninsula, a popular tourist attraction. He was born in New Plymouth and grew up in Auckland.

Brickell died on 23 January 2016, aged 80.

Jimmy White

James Warren "Jimmy" White (born 2 May 1962 in London) is an English professional snooker player. He is one of the most popular players 

Jimmy White is a six times World Championship finalist but lost the finale each time: 1984 against Steve Davis, 1990 against Stephen Hendry, 1991 against John Parrott and in the next three years still to Stephen Hendry.


Baglung District

Baglung District ( ) is a district in Nepal. It is in the Gandaki Province. The district headquarters is Baglung. The district covers an area of . In 2011, it had a population of 268,613.


Baitadi District

Baitadi District ( ) is a district of Nepal. It is in the Sudurpashchim Province. Baitadi is the headquarters of this district.


Khalanga, Baitadi

Baitadi Khalanga or Baitadi is a town and the headquarters of the Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. According to the 1991 Nepal census it had total population of 5,352. There were 1,011 houses in the town. It shares an international border with Uttarakhand, India. The two are separated by the Mahakali River. This part of Nepal is less developed than the eastern part of the country.


John Parrott

John Parrott (born 11 May 1964 in Liverpool) is an English former professional snooker player. He was twice in the finals of the World Snooker Championship. In 1989, he lost to Steve Davis, in 1991 he defeated Jimmy White.

Parrott started his professional career in 1989, in the 2010/11 season he lost his place in the world rankings. He is now a snooker commentator. 


Jimmy Bain

James Stewart Bain (19 December 1947 – 23 January 2016) was a Scottish musician. He was best known as a bassist for the rock bands Rainbow and Dio with Ronnie James Dio. He also works with the Scorpions, John Cale, Gary Moore and wrote for Thin Lizzy frontman Phil Lynott. He was born in Newtonmore.

Bain died on 23 January 2016 while on the Def Leppard's "Hysteria on the High Seas" cruise from pneumonia caused by lung cancer at the age of 68.

Funen

Funen () is an island in Denmark. It covers an area of . It is the third-largest island in the country. The main city is Odense which is connected to the sea by a canal which is rarely used. 

There are bridges that carry roads and railways to and from Funen. The Great Belt Bridge links Funen to the island of Zealand in the east, while the Old Little Belt Bridge and New Little Belt Bridge link Funen to Jutland in the west. 

Kiel Canal

The Kiel Canal is a waterway in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. The canal connects the North Sea from the River Elbe to the Baltic Sea at Kiel. The Canal is about long. The canal was first opened to traffic on 19 June 1895. It was then improved to allow the largest warships to pass through. The formal reopening of the improved canal was on June 24, 1914. The Kiel Canal is the busiest artificial waterway for seagoing ships worldwide. In 2014, 32,600 ships passed through the waterway.


École Centrale de Lyon

École Centrale de Lyon is a graduate school in engineering in France. It is in a campus of the Écully (East of France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Education and research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different classes at École Centrale de Lyon.

Most of the 1500 engineering graduate students at École Centrale de Lyon live in residential buildings near the research labs on campus. These are also shared with 6,000 students from EMLYON Business School. The school is member of the French aerospace network France AEROTECH.



Elections in Azerbaijan

Elections are held in Azerbaijan to elect the head of state (the president) and a legislature (the parliament).

The President of Azerbaijan is elected for a five-year term by the people; before a referendum by the people changed this in 2009, the position was limited to two terms.

The parliament of Azerbaijan, the National Assembly ("Milli Məclis"), has 125 members. Before 2005, 100 members were elected for a five-year term in single-seat constituencies and 25 members were elected by proportional representation. Since 2005 all 125 members are elected in single-seat constituencies. 

Azerbaijan is a one party dominant state. Opposition political parties beside the New Azerbaijan Party are allowed but are widely considered to have no real chance of gaining power.

On Sunday, 1 November 2015, the most recent parliamentary elections were held. On Wednesday, 9 October 2013, the most recent presidential election was held.

!Party
!Votes
!Seats






















Baltimore (disambiguation)

Baltimore is a city in the state of Maryland in the United States.

Baltimore may also refer to:








Hei Hei

Hei Hei is a suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand. It is located in the west of Christchurch from the centre of the city. State Highway 1 runs through it. The area was subdivided for poultry farming after World War I for the men returning from war, but the plan failed due to the poor soil conditions. The place name is a Māori word. It means noise, disturbance, storm, dust.

Dedham, Massachusetts

Dedham is a town in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. It is one of the oldest towns in the United States. It was started in the 1600s.

Josip Friščić

Josip Friščić (15 August 1949 – 23 January 2016) was a Croatian politician. He was a leader of the Croatian Peasant Party (HSS) from 17 December 2005 until 28 January 2012. He was also Vice President of Croatian Parliament from 2008 to 2011. He was born in Subotica Podravska near Rasinja, SFR Yugoslavia.

Friščić died from cancer on 23 January 2016 in Koprivnica, aged 66.

January 2016 United States blizzard

The January 2016 United States blizzard was a severe winter weather event. The weather caused multiple states in the Mid-Atlantic to declare a state of emergency. The blizzard happened between January 20 and 25, 2016. 

On January 20–22 the governors of eleven states, plus the mayor of Washington, D.C., declared a state of emergency in expectation of significant snowfall and blizzard conditions. Approximately 85 million people were estimated to be in the storm's path. More than 33 million were under blizzard warnings. Over 10,000 flights were canceled because of the storm.

New York City was put under a travel ban on January 23. A snow emergency was declared for Washington, D.C. just before that.

Two to three feet of snow fell from Virginia to New England. Snow also fell in Arkansas, North Carolina and Tennessee.

The storm also caused tornadoes and hail from Louisiana to Florida

Thirty people died because of the blizzard.

The storm was also called Winter Storm Jonas by the Weather Channel.

Changchun

Changchun () is the capital and largest city of the Jilin province of China. The name of the city means "Eternal Spring". In the year 1800, the Jiaqing Emperor set up a trading post in a small village to trade furs and other goods. This village later became Changchun Ting.

In 1898, Changchun got its first train station, which was built by the Russian Empire.

After Japan invaded Manchuria in September 1931, the Japanese established the capital of the newly formed puppet state, Manchukuo, in Changchun. The Japanese renamed the city Shinkyō (kanji: 新京, meaning: New Capital), and it is here where the Japanese established the former Emperor Pu-yi as the Emperor of Manchukuo. During the Japanese occupation, the Japanese built much of the infrastructure that still stands today, including the Manchukuo Imperial Palace, the First Clinical Hospital of Jilin University, the Palace of Geology, and several others.

On August 20, 1945, the Soviet Union's Soviet Red Army entered the city, captured Emperor Pu-yi, and drove the Japanese out. They stayed there until the Kuomintang drove them out in 1946. The KMT held the city until 1948, when it got overwhelmed by the communist PLA in 1948. During the Siege of Changchun, up to 80% of civilians starved to death.

The Chinese took down few of the Japanese buildings because they were already so well-built that the Chinese thought it would be a waste to tear them down. Nonetheless, the tumblers that Starbucks sells in Changchun feature the Changchun Railway Station out of all the other monuments in the city, due to the fact that it itself is not a Japanese-made building.

Changchun is also the heart of China's car-making business.

Asghar Farhadi

Asghar Farhadi (, born 7 May 1972 Homāyūnshahr, Isfahan) is an Iranian movie director and screenwriter. For his work as a director, he has received a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film among other awards. He was named one of the 100 Most Influential People in the world by "Time" magazine in 2012.

Call and response (music)

In music, a call and response is a series of two parts usually played or sung by different musicians. The second part is heard as a comment about or an answer to what the first has sung. This mimics or makes fun of how people talk back and forth to each other. Call and response uses the simple musical form of a verse and then a chorus used in many cultures or traditions. These songs are usually energetic and fun to listen to.

Call and response singing is common in modern Western popular music. This is because of the influence of African music. Some cross-over rhythm and blues, jazz, soul, rock 'n' roll and rock music have a call and response style, as well.

One of the best known is the song "Ooh Poo Pah Doo", written and first recorded by Jessie Hill. The song is said to be "a nonsensical yet rollicking call-and-response workout that perfectly captures the energy of French Quarter life", by a reviewer for Allmusic. The song is so popular, it has over 100 cover versions recorded and performed live over the years by other popular musicians.

Other popular examples are The Who's song "My Generation, from the album of the same name", and "Black Dog" by Led Zeppelin.

Call and response is common in folk and choral singing of many people, especially in African musical cultures. In the West, it is most often seen in African-American work songs, military marches, and Québecois folk songs. The style is also used in dance-songs of various European countries including France (particularly Brittany) and the Faroe Islands.

In Cuban music and other latin music genres such as salsa, call and response between the lead singer and the chorus is called "coro-pregón."

A singer makes a musical statement, and then the musical chorus answers together. American bluesman Muddy Waters uses call and response in one of his best known songs, "Mannish Boy". The entire song is almost entirely leader/chorus call and response.




Lal Shahbaz Qalandar

Syed Muhammad Usman Marwandi (1149–1299), better-known as Lal Shahbaz Qalandar , was a Sufi poet from Afghanistan. He belonged to the Suhrawardi order of Sufis. He shifted from Afghanistan and went and settled in Sindh area of India (now in Pakistan). His shrine in "Sehwan Sharif", Sindh,Pakistan, is still visited by many people. 

Ninh Bình province

Ninh Bình () is a province of Vietnam, in the Red River Delta region of the northern part of the country. Ninh Bình has a very short coastline on the Gulf of Tonkin. The population is 898,500 people. Ninh Bình province covers a total area of . The province is known for its limestone caves and grottos (manmade caves). Ninh Binh was the first imperial capital of Vietnam from 968 to 1010 under the Đinh, Lê and Lý dynasties.

<br>

Ventricular tachycardia

Ventricular tachycardia (V-tach or VT) is a type of tachycardia (a fast heart rate). The heart has four chambers (closed spaces). The top two are called the atria, and the bottom two are called the ventricles. When the heart is working normally, electrical signals in the heart tell the atria to squeeze first. However, in ventricular tachycardia, the ventricles squeeze first. This happens because the electrical signals that tell the atria to squeeze first are not working.

Ventricular tachycardia is a medical emergency. First of all, if the heart is beating too fast, it does not have time to refill with blood between beats. This means that the heart will not be able to squeeze out enough blood to the rest of the body. Most people in ventricular tachycardia have a heart rate of at least 170 beats per minute. This is very fast. (A normal heart rate is 60-100.)

Ventricular tachycardia can also cause low blood pressure. If the blood pressure gets low enough, important parts of the body, like the brain, will not get enough blood and oxygen to survive.

Ventricular tachycardia can also lead to ventricular fibrillation, asystole (where the heart stops beating), and sudden death.

The most common symptoms of ventricular tachycardia are feeling dizzy, having palpitations (feeling the heart pounding inside the chest), having trouble breathing, or chest pain. Some people with ventricular tachycardia do not have any symptoms, especially if the V-tach lasts for only a few seconds. 

When a person's heart rate is very high, or the ventricular tachycardia lasts for more than a few seconds, the person may faint or become unconscious because their brain is not getting enough blood and oxygen. In the worst cases, their heart may stop, or they may die.

A doctor can diagnose ventricular tachycardia by doing an electrocardiogram (also called an ECG or an EKG). This is a test that shows the electrical activity in the heart. The doctor will be able to see that the electrical signals that tell the atria to squeeze first are not working.

Ventricular tachycardia can be treated in a few different ways. Treatment depends on whether the patient still has a pulse. If the patient is in "pulseless ventricular tachycardia", their heart is beating so fast that it cannot squeeze out any blood.

If a person still has a pulse, ventricular tachycardia can usually be stopped through cardioversion. Cardioversion means using medication or an electric shock to make the heart start beating normally again.

If a person has pulseless ventricular tachycardia, they need to be shocked with a defibrillator.

Two different types of defibrillators can be used. An "external defibrillator" is a machine that delivers a shock through two sticky pads that are placed on the person's chest. 

However, some people who have already been diagnosed with V-tach have surgery to put a defibrillator inside their chest. This is called an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD). This type of defibrillator shocks the heart automatically when it goes into V-tach.

If a person goes into pulseless ventricular tachycardia, first aid can be helpful. 9-1-1 or the local emergency telephone number should be called immediately. Then - like in any situation where a person suddenly becomes unconscious and has no pulse - cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) should be started right away. An emergency medical dispatcher can help explain how to do CPR until an ambulance gets there.

Ventricular tachycardia can be caused by many different things. The most common cause is ischemic heart disease (heart disease that causes the heart to not get enough oxygen).

Ventricular tachycardia can also be caused by other problems, like:

Sometimes doctors cannot find a cause for ventricular tachycardia. This is called idiopathic ventricular tachycardia.

Ventricular tachycardia causes most of the sudden cardiac deaths in the United States. It causes about 300,000 deaths every year.

The chance of sudden death is highest for people who:

The chance of sudden death is lowest for people with idiopathic ventricular tachycardia.

Even for high-risk people, treatment with medications like beta blockers can help. So can implantable cardio-defibrillators.


January 2016 East Asia cold wave

The January 2016 East Asia cold wave was a cold weather system that covered East Asia. Eighty-five people from Taiwan died due to the cold temperatures. There were six deaths in Japan from the winter storms. Four people in China died from gas poisoning.

Mass Effect 2

Mass Effect 2 is a video game for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3. It is made by Electronic Arts. It is the sequel to "Mass Effect" and comes before "Mass Effect 3". It is an action role-playing game. It is a third-person shooter game.

Save data from the first game can be used to influence choices made in this game.

The game was critically acclaimed.

Dragon and Phoenix

Dragon and Phoenix is the second book in the "Dragonlords" series written by Joanne Bertin. It is a story of how Linden Rathan and his soultwin, Maurynna Kyrissaean, lead a party to rescue a dragon from the Jehanglan empire.

Bard's Oath

The Bard's Oath is the third book in the Dragonlords series written by Joanne Bertin. It starts as two stories that merge in the middle of the book. One story is about Raven Redhawkson and why he is at the Balyaranna Fair (a horse festival). The other story is about Bard Leet and his plot for revenge over the death of a family member.

Aristide von Bienefeldt

Aristide von Bienefeldt (24 October 1959 – 16 January 2016) was a Dutch writer. He wrote about gay rights and marriage equality. His first novel - "Bekentenissen van een Stamhouder" ("Confessions of a Son and Heir") got positive reviews by the Dutch and the Flemish press because of its homosexual passages.

Von Bienefeldt died in The Hague, Netherlands at the age of 56.


William Y. Smith

William Young Smith (August 13, 1925 – January 19, 2016) was an American military official. He was a United States Air Force four-star general. He was Chief of Staff, Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe (COFS SHAPE) from 1979 to 1981 and as Deputy Commander in Chief, U.S. European Command (DCINCEUR) from 1981 until his retirement from military service in 1983.

Smith died in Falls Church, Virginia from congestive heart failure at the age of 90.


Cecil Parkinson

Cecil Edward Parkinson, Baron Parkinson, PC (1 September 1931 – 22 January 2016) was a British Conservative politician and cabinet minister. 

Parkinson was born in Carnforth, Lancashire on 1 September 1931. He studied at Emmanuel College, Cambridge. Parkinson married Anne Jarvis in 1957. It would last until his death in 2016. 

He entered Parliament in 1970 and was appointed a minister in 1979. In 1983, he became Secretary of State for Trade and Industry, but was forced to resign after revelations that his former secretary, Sara Keays, was pregnant with his child, which she later bore and named Flora Keays.

Parkinson later served as Secretary of State for Energy, and later Transport. He resigned that office in 1990, on the same day that Margaret Thatcher resigned. He was created Baron Parkinson in 1992 and served in the House of Lords until his retirement in September 2015.

Parkinson died of cancer on 22 January 2016 at the age of 84. He was survived by his wife and four children. 


Black (singer)

Colin Vearncombe (26 May 1962 − 26 January 2016), known by his stage name Black, was an English singer-songwriter. He started his career in the punk rock music scene and went on to become a pop success in the late 1980s. He was known for the international hit single "Wonderful Life" in 1987. He was born in Liverpool.

On 12 January 2016, he was in a serious car accident in Ireland and placed in a medically-induced coma after sustaining serious head injuries. Vearncombe died from his injuries at the intensive care unit of Cork University Hospital in Cork on 26 January 2016 at the age of 53. Vearncombe was survived by his wife and three children.


Kalpana (actress)

Kalpana Ranjani (13 October 1966 – 25 January 2016), known mononymously as Kalpana, was an Indian actress. Kalpana has acted in over 300 movies in many South Indian languages. She was born in Kerala, India.

She started off her career as a child artist in the late 1970s. She was known for being in many comedy movies. At the 60th National Film Awards, she won the award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in "Thanichalla Njan" (2012).

Kalpana died of a heart attack in Hyderabad, India on 25 January 2016 at the age of 49.


Henry Worsley

Lieutenant Colonel Alastair Edward Henry Worsley MBE (4 October 1960 – 24 January 2016) was a British explorer and British Army officer. He was part of the successful 2009 expedition that followed Ernest Shackleton and Robert Falcon Scott's footsteps in the Antarctic. He was born in London.

Worsley was a soldier in the British Army for 36 years. On 12 October 1993, Worsley was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) "in recognition of distinguished service in Northern Ireland".

Worsley died while on a trip in Punta Arenas, Chile from multiple organ failure caused by surgery on 24 January 2016 at the age of 55.

Mexican Cession

The Mexican Cession of 1848 refers to the lands ceded or surrendered to the United States by Mexico at the end of the Mexican–American War. The territory became the states of California, Nevada, Utah and Arizona. It was agreed to in the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which formally ended the war (1847–1848) between Mexico and the United States. The treaty was signed on 2 February 1848. The Cession added of territory to the southwestern United States. It also contributed to the United States emerging as a world power in the late the 19th century.

Forouzan

Forouzan (; 9 August 1937 – 24 January 2016) was an Iranian actress, producer, and dubbing artist. She started her career by voice dubbing. In 1964 she starred in Siamak Yasemi's ""Sahel-e Entezar"" but this was "Ganj-e Qarun", another movie by Yasemi that made her very famous. Her career came to an end because of the Iranian revolution of 1979.

Forouzan died in Tehran, Iran on 24 January 2016 at the age of 78.

Forouzan was popular also among the young Persians who were born after 1979 revolution.


Sahabzada Yaqub Khan

Sahabzada Yaqub Khan (23 December 1920 – 26 January 2016) was a high-profile Pakistani figure and high-ranking general. He was the most senior figure in military and government assignments in the Pakistan Government. He was born in Rampur, India.

He was an important figure in Pakistan that related to international affairs for thirty years. He served as the foreign minister under President General Zia-ul-Haq from 1982 to 1991 and as the caretaker foreign minister from 1996 to 1997. He also served as the Pakistan Ambassador of the United States serving from 1973 though 1979.

Khan died in Islamabad on 26 January 2016 at the age of 95.


Chikungunya

Chikungunya (pronounced "chicken-GUN-yer") is an infection caused by the chikungunya virus. It can cause joint pains that can last for weeks, months, or sometimes even years. About 1 in every 1000 people who gets chikungunya dies. People who are elderly or have other medical problems are most likely to die or get very sick from chikungunya.

Chikungunya is spread to humans by two species of mosquito: "Aedes albopictus" and "Aedes aegypti". These mosquitoes carry the infection to humans after biting monkeys, birds, cattle, or rodents who have chikungunya. Since 2004, there have been outbreaks (where many people get chikungunya) in Asia, Europe, and The Americas.

There is no known treatment or cure for chikungunya.

It can take one to twelve days for a person to get sick after they get the chikungunya virus. (This period of time is called the virus's incubation period.) Usually, people get sick in three to seven days. Most people who get the virus (72% to 97%) get symptoms. 

Chikungunya has an "acute phase", which lasts a short time, and a "chronic phase", which can last weeks, months, or years. 

The acute phase usually begins with a sudden high fever that can last up to ten days. The fever is usually above 39 °C (102 °F), and can sometimes get as high as 40 °C (104 °F). About half of people with chikungunya get a rash, usually about two to five days after symptoms start. Some people also have gastrointestinal symptoms, like abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea. In rare cases, people may get conjunctivitis or other problems with their eyes.

The body starts to fight the virus after about a week by sending out immunoglobulin M (IgM), which attacks the virus. After this, most of the symptoms usually start to get better. However, people often keep having some symptoms for about another week, like headache, insomnia (trouble sleeping), and exhaustion. After these symptoms end, the acute phase of chikungunya is usually over.

In chikungunya's chronic phase, almost everyone with the virus (87% - 98%) gets very bad joint pain or stiffness. This usually lasts for weeks or months. However, it can last for years. The joint pain can be so bad that a person cannot move the joints that hurt. The pain almost always happens in more than one joint. Usually, people have pain in the joints in their arms and legs, on both sides. These may include the joints in the wrists, ankles, hands, feet, shoulders, elbows, and knees. The virus can also cause pain in the muscles or ligaments.

Sometimes, it can be difficult to tell the difference between chikungunya and dengue fever. Both infections cause some of the same symptoms, like fever and very bad pain. However, chikungunya usually does not cause bleeding. If a person diagnosed with chikungunya has bleeding problems, they may:

The best way for people to protect themselves from chikungunya is to protect themselves from mosquitoes in places where the disease is common. For example, people may use bug spray and mosquito nets, and wear long sleeves and long pants when they are outside. In places where chikungunya is common, governments can also do things to control the number of mosquitoes. For example, they can spray pesticides.

There is no vaccine for chikungunya. Scientists are doing experiments to try to make a vaccine. However, scientists say that even if they created a vaccine, people would still have to control mosquitoes to prevent chikungunya.

There is no known treatment for chikungunya. No known anti-viral medicines (medicines which kill viruses) kill the chikungunya virus.

Medical professionals can only give "supportive care." This means they can only treat chikungunya's symptoms. For example, they may treat fever and joint pain with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) like naproxen; painkillers like paracetamol (acetaminophen); and fluids. Aspirin is not given because it can make bleeding more likely to happen.

Scientists have not found any medication that helps everyone with chikungunya who has bad joint pain. There is some evidence that certain medicines may help people who have bad joint pain for more than two weeks. These medicines include:

These medicines do not help the symptoms of chikungunya during the acute phase.

About 1 in 1000 people who get chikungunya die from the disease. People older than 65, newborn babies, and people with other medical problems are most likely to have the most dangerous problems. Chikungunya is especially dangerous for newborns because they can get the virus from their mothers during childbirth, and because newborns' immune systems have to grow before they work as well as adults'. This makes it much more difficult for newborns to fight off the virus.

Elderly people, and people who already have arthritis, are more likely to have chronic joint pain.

In the past, chikungunya existed mostly in developing countries. However, more recently, there have been epidemics (where a very large number of people get the virus) in the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Islands, and the Americas.

When chikungunya was first discovered in 1952, it was uncommon and happened only in West Africa. People usually got the disease during rainy seasons, because mosquitoes are more common during these times. Beginning in the 1960s, there were sometimes outbreaks in Asia and Africa. However, until 2005, chikungunya had been uncommon throughout the world.

Since 2005, chikungunya has become much more common. It has caused large outbreaks in Africa, Asia, and the Americas. For example, in India, chikungunya re-appeared after 32 years where no Indian person had gotten the virus. Outbreaks have also happened in Europe, the Caribbean, and South America, where chikungunya had never spread before. A few people have also gotten chikungunya in the United States and Australia, where the virus had never lived before. 

In 2005, there was a very large outbreak on Réunion, an island in the Indian Ocean. Out of about 770,000 people who lived on the island, about 266,000 (over 1 in every 3 people) got chikungunya. In 2006, about 1.25 million people in India got the virus. 

Chikungunya was recently spread to the Americas. From 2013-2014 in the Americas, 1,118,763 people have been thought to have the virus. Of these cases, 24,682 were proven to be chikungunya.

Some scientists think that chikungunya has become much more common because of a change in the virus's genetic code. This change may have made it easier for the virus to make copies of itself in mosquito cells. It may have also allowed the virus to be spread more easily by the Asian tiger mosquito ("Aedes albopictus"). This is important because the Asian tiger mosquito lives in many more places than "Aedes aegypti", the other species of mosquito that spreads chikungunya to humans. "Aedes aegypti" lives only in tropical places. However, the Asian tiger mosquito spreads easily, and lives in Europe, the Americas, the Caribbean, Africa, and the Middle East.

Chikungunya was first described by Marion Robinson and W.H.R. Lumsden in 1955, after an outbreak in 1952 along the border between Mozambique and Tanganyika (now part of Tanzania). A group called the Makonde lived in this area. The word "chikungunya" probably comes from the Makonde language. It means "that which bends up" or "to walk bent over." This describes how people with very bad joint pain from the virus would bend into unusual positions. 

The first recorded outbreak of chikungunya may have been in 1779. Scientific evidence agrees that the virus evolved around the year 1700.

Chikungunya was once researched as a possible biological weapon.

Concepcion Picciotto

Concepción Picciotto (née Martín January 15, 1936 – January 25, 2016) also known as Conchita or Connie, was a Spanish-born American peace activist. She lived in Washington, D.C. on the 1600 block of Pennsylvania Avenue, in a peace camp across from the White House. 

She lived in a tent outside from the White House since from August 1, 1981 because of the protest of nuclear arms under the Ronald Reagan presidency until her death in 2016. She carried on the longest act of political protest in the United States, with her camp having been nicknamed by her supporters as 1601 Pennsylvania Avenue. She was born in Vigo, Spain.

Picciotto died in Washington, D.C. from complications of a fall on January 25, 2016 at the age of 80.


Richard Levins

Richard "Dick" Levins (June 1, 1930 – January 19, 2016) was an American ecologist, a population geneticist, biomathematician, mathematical ecologist, and philosopher of science. He had researched diversity in human populations. Levins was a university professor at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health and a long-time political activist. He was best known for his work on evolution and complexity in changing environments and on metapopulations.

Levins died in Cambridge, Massachusetts on January 19, 2016 from heart failure at the age of 85.


Kaeng Krachan National Park

Kaeng Krachan () is the largest national park of Thailand. It is on the border with Myanmar, and joins with Myanmar's Tanintharyi Nature Reserve. It is popular with tourists, and is near the beach resort of Hua Hin.

The park covers parts of Phetchaburi Province and Prachuap Khiri Khan Province. It contains rainforest on the eastern side of the Tenasserim Mountain Range. The highest elevation is 1,20 m. Two main rivers begin within the park: the Pranburi River and the Phetchaburi River. The Phetchaburi is blocked by the Kaeng Krachan Dam at the eastern border of the park. The dam creates a lake covering an area of 46.5 km. The dam was built in 1966. There are private plantations within the park.

The park was created on 12 June 1981. It was the 28th national park of Thailand. It originally covered an area of 2,478 km. It was enlarged in December 1984. In 2005 it was shown to UNESCO for consideration as a World Heritage Site.

The forests contain a great variety of plants and animals. The killing of wild elephants is a big problem at the park. It is difficult to stop poachers.


Ignition

Ignition may refer to:



Karch Kiraly

Charles Frederick "Karch" Kiraly () (born November 3, 1960) is an American volleyball player, coach and broadcast announcer. 

He was born in Jackson, Michigan. He grew up in Santa Barbara, California. 

He is one of three people who have won Olympic gold medals in both volleyball categories: beach and indoor. The Fédération Internationale de Volleyball, (FIVB), volleyball's highest governing body, honored Kiraly as the greatest volleyball player of the 20th Century. He played college volleyball for the UCLA Bruins and won three national championships under head coach Al Scates.


Lloy Ball

Lloy James Ball (born February 17, 1972, in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is an American volleyball player, a member of American national team in 1993–2008, a participant of the Olympic Games Atlanta 1996, Sydney 2000, Athens 2004 and gold medalist of Beijing 2008, gold medalist of the NORCECA Championship 2007 and World League 2008, silver medalist of the Pan American 1995, bronze medalist of the World Championship 1994. When not on the court actively playing the game, Ball operates Team Pineapple, a volleyball clinic that also features his father, Arnie Ball.


Luigi Mastrangelo

Luigi Mastrangelo (born August 17, 1975 in Mottola, Italy) is an Italian men's volleyball player, a member of Italy national volleyball team, silver and bronze medalist of the Olympic Games, multiple winner of the European Championship and World League. He competed in the 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal in the 2000 and 2012 Games. He won a silver medal in the 2004 Games. 


Ivan Zaytsev

Ivan Zaytsev (born in Spoleto, Italy, 2 October 1988) is an Italian volleyball player. His parents originally come from Russia. He is a member of Italy's national volleyball team and the Italian club Sir Safety Umbria Volley. 

Zaytsev won a bronze medal at the Olympic Games in London in 2012. He won a silver medal at the European Championship (2011, 2013), and bronze medal at the World League (2013, 2014). He won the Italian Championship in 2014.


Matt Anderson

Matthew John Anderson (born April 18, 1987) is an American volleyball player. He is a member of the United States men's national volleyball team and the Russian club Zenit Kazan. He played volleyball at the Olympic Games in London in 2012. He was a NORCECA Champion 2013. He won gold medals at the 2008 Pan American Cup, 2014 World League and 2015 World Cup.


Ophiolite

An ophiolite is a section of the Earth's oceanic crust. The underlying upper mantle has been uplifted and exposed above sea level. The rocks which make up ophiolites are an altered form of basalt. The rocks are often green.

They are found in the mountain belts such as the Alps or the Himalayas. They show where former ocean basins were consumed by subduction. This was one of the discoveries of plate tectonics. Ophiolites have always played a central role in plate tectonic theory and the interpretation of ancient mountain belts.

The stratigraphic sequence seen in ophiolites is caused by lithosphere-forming processes at mid-oceanic ridges:



Maxim Mikhaylov

Maxim Mikhaylov (born 19 March 1988) is a Russian volleyball player. He is a member of Russia men's national volleyball team. He also plays for the Russian club Zenit-Kazan. Mikhaylov was a gold medalist in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He was a bronze medalist of the 2008 Summer Olympics. Mikhaylov won a gold medal in the 2011 FIVB Volleyball Men's World Cup. He has won several medals in the Volleyball World League.


Yekaterina Gamova

Yekaterina Aleksandrovna Gamova (; born 17 October 1980) is a Russian volleyball player. She was a member of the Russian team that won the gold medals at the FIVB Volleyball World Championships in 2006 and 2010. She was also a member of the Russian team that won silver medals in both the Athens 2004 and Sydney 2000 Olympic Games. Yekaterina Gamova is tall with an EU shoe size of 49. This makes her one of the tallest female athletes in the world. Her role is outside hitter/opposite.


Flight of the Navigator

Flight of the Navigator is a science fiction movie from 1986. It was directed by Randal Kleiser and written by Mark H. Baker and Michael Burton. It is about David Freeman, a 12-year-old boy who is taken by an alien spaceship and finds himself caught in a world that has changed around him.

The producers of the movie at first sent it to Walt Disney Pictures in 1984. However, the studio was not able to approve it. It was sent to Producers Sales Organization. That studio made a deal with Disney to distribute the movie in the United States. The movie was partially filmed in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and Norway. It was a co-production with the Norwegian company "Viking Film".


The Trimaxion Drone Ship was rendered in CGI by Omnibus Computer Animation, under the supervision of Jeff Kleiser, the brother of director Randal Kleiser.

The music score for the movie was composed by Alan Silvestri. It is different from his other scores because it was completely electronically generated, using the Synclavier, one of the first digital multi-track recorders and samplers.



Dinah Manoff

Dinah Manoff (born January 25, 1956) is an American stage, movie and television actress. She acted in many television movies and guest starred on television programs. She played Libby Tucker in both the stage and movie versions of "I Ought to be in Pictures". She won a Tony Award in 1980 for acting in the play. She also acted in the theatrical movies "Bart Got a Room" and "The Amati Girls".

In 1978, at age 19 she played Marty Maraschino in her first movie, "Grease".

In 1980, Manoff played Karen, the suicidal friend of Timothy Hutton's character in the multiple Oscar-winning "Ordinary People". In 1988, she played Maggie Peterson in "Child's Play". She then began playing Carol Weston on the television series "Empty Nest". She played that role for seven years.

Manoff was born in New York City.

Zika fever

Zika fever is an illness caused by the Zika virus. The Zika virus belongs to the genus "Flavivirus", like dengue fever and chikungunya. However, Zika fever is usually not as bad as those illnesses. Most people who get the Zika virus (60-80%) have no symptoms.

People who do have symptoms usually have a low fever, conjunctivitis, joint pain (mainly in the hands and feet), and a rash. The rash often starts on the face and then spreads to the rest of the body. Usually, the symptoms are not very bad, and get better after 2 to 7 days.

Starting in 2015, there has been an outbreak of Zika virus (meaning that many people have gotten the virus) in Brazil. Scientists think that when a woman with the Zika virus is pregnant, she can give the virus to her fetus. Scientists think this can cause microcephaly, a birth defect that causes a baby to have a smaller head than usual. This can cause intellectual disability and other problems in the brain, like seizures. Because of this, in January 2016, the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warned pregnant women not to travel to Brazil, Colombia, El Salvador, French Guiana, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Martinique, Mexico, Panama, Paraguay, Suriname, Venezuela, or Puerto Rico, because of the risk of getting the Zika virus there.

In places where the Zika virus lives, people are more likely to have birth defects, neurological problems like Guillain-Barré syndrome, and autoimmune diseases.

Diagnosing Zika fever is difficult for a few reasons. First, Zika fever causes many of the same signs and symptoms as many other viruses. 

Second, special laboratory tests have to be done to prove that a person has Zika virus. For example, when the virus is in a person's blood or urine, it can be found by using a special test that looks for the virus's RNA in the blood. However, the Zika virus often does not stay in the blood for very long. Also, because most people with the Zika virus have no symptoms, they do not know that they need to be tested. Blood tests that look for specific antibodies (which the body sends out to fight the Zika virus) can also be done. However, these tests are expensive and have to be done in special laboratories that do not exist everywhere. 

If tests cannot prove that a person has Zika virus, it can be difficult to figure out whether a person has Zika fever or a different infection. The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says that before doctors diagnose a person with Zika fever, they should think about whether the person could have one of many other infections. Examples of these infections include:

Humans get the Zika virus after being bitten by mosquitoes from the "Aedes" genus. Scientists have proven that at least eight different species of mosquitoes from the "Aedes" genus can spread the Zika virus to humans. Mosquitoes pick up the Zika virus after they bite other animals that have the virus.

Zika virus can be passed from one person to another during sexual intercourse. It can also be passed from a mother to her fetus during pregnancy.

There is no vaccine for Zika virus, though the United States National Institutes of Health is trying to make one. 

The best way for a person to protect themselves against the Zika virus is to protect themselves against mosquitoes. For example, if people are traveling to places where the Zika virus lives, they should:

Today, there is no treatment or cure for Zika fever. Medical professionals can only give "supportive care," which means they can only treat the virus's symptoms. For example, they can give medicines to help with pain, fever, and itching. However, some scientists say that doctors should not give medicines like aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), which are commonly used for pain and fever. This is because people with similar viruses who take these medicines have been more likely to have bleeding problems.

There are no known anti-viral medications (medicines which kill viruses) which will kill the Zika virus.

Because there are no treatments that will cure the Zika virus once a person has it, scientists suggest that pregnant women do everything they can to avoid getting the virus. Once a pregnant woman has the Zika virus, there is nothing anyone can do to keep her fetus from getting infected too.

Zika fever was first discovered in 1947, in a rhesus monkey in the Zika Forest in Uganda. The first human cases were reported in Nigeria in 1954. A few outbreaks have been reported in tropical Africa and in some parts of Southeast Asia, but not India. In 1977–1978, Zika virus caused fevers in Indonesia.
The first major outbreak happened in 2007 in Micronesia's Yap Islands. 185 people were proven to have the Zika virus. This was the first time Zika fever had been reported outside Africa and Asia. In 2013, another large outbreak happened in French Polynesia.

In May 2015, Brazil officially reported its first 16 cases of Zika fever. By November 2015, Zika fever had appeared in 14 states in Brazil. Zika virus is thought to have caused 2,400 cases of microcephaly and 29 infant deaths in Brazil in 2015.

Since first appearing in the Western Hemisphere in February 2014, Zika fever has spread quickly throughout South America and Central America. It appeared in Mexico in November 2015.

On January 24, 2016, the World Health Organization warned that the Zika virus is likely to spread to nearly all countries of the Americas. This is likely since the mosquito that spreads the virus, "Aedes aegypti", lives in all of the countries in the Americas, except for Canada and Chile.

On February 1, 2016, the World Health Organization said that the Zika virus was a "public health emergency." They also said the Zika virus was "spreading explosively" (very quickly), and that in the next year, as many as 3 million to 4 million people could get the virus.


Zika virus

Zika virus (ZIKV) belongs to the virus family "Flaviviridae" and the genus "Flavivirus." It is spread by mosquitoes from the genus "Aedes", which are active during the daytime. 

Zika virus is named after Uganda's Zika Forest, where the virus was discovered in 1947.

Zika virus can cause an infectious disease called Zika fever. Zika fever often causes no symptoms, or only mild symptoms. Scientists know that people in Africa and Asia have been getting Zika fever since the 1950s. In 2014, the virus spread eastward across the Pacific Ocean - first to French Polynesia, then to Easter Island. Finally, in 2015, it spread to Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean, and South America. In these places, Zika virus has become a pandemic.

Zika virus is related to West Nile virus and the viruses that cause dengue fever, yellow fever, and Japanese encephalitis. Zika virus causes an illness that is like a mild form of dengue fever. It is treated by rest. As of 2016, there is no medication or vaccine that can prevent the Zika virus. 

Pregnant women who get the Zika virus can spread the virus to their fetuses. When they are born, these newborns may be more likely to have microcephaly. In places where the Zika virus lives, people are more likely to have birth defects, neurological problems like Guillain-Barré syndrome, and autoimmune diseases.

In January 2016, the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) published advice for how to avoid getting Zika fever. They suggested that when traveling to places where Zika virus lives:

Other governments or health agencies soon issued similar travel warnings. Colombia, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, and Jamaica advised women not to get pregnant until scientists know more about the risks of Zika virus to pregnant women. 

On February 2, 2016, public health officials in Dallas County, Texas, reported the first case of somebody getting Zika virus in the United States.


Rove beetle

The rove beetles are a family of beetles. The scientific name is Staphylinidae. It is the largest family of beetles. It has over 63,000 species. Some of these species are very old; fossils of rove beetles have been dated to the Triassic, 200 million years ago.

They are mainly recognised by their short elytra (wing covers) that usually cover only half of their abdomens.


Devil's coach horse beetle

The Devil's coach-horse beetle, is a very common beetle in Europe. It is also sometimes called the Cocktail beetle. It belongs to the family of the rove beetles.


Denny's

Denny's is a pancake house and casual family restaurant. It has more than 1,600 restaurants in the United States, Puerto Rico, Guam, Canada, Central America, Mexico, New Zealand and Japan. It serves pancakes, eggs, sausage and more.

From the 1990s to the 2010s, Denny's was involved in serious controversy. They were accused of discrimination. In 1994, in San Jose, California, several black teenagers were told they had to pay before getting their food. In 2014, an LGBT group accused a Denny's location in Deming, New Mexico of discrimination. The group said that the wait staff said homophobic things and refused to serve them. The LGBT customers were attending a gay pride celebration.


Wayne County

Wayne County may refer to:


Fremont County

Fremont County may refer to:


Plano

Plano may refer to:


Fremont County, Wyoming

Fremont County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. In the 2020 census, 39,234 people lived there. Its county seat is Lander. The county was formed in 1884. It is named for John C. Frémont, a general, explorer, and politician. It is about the size of the state of Vermont.

Fremont County includes the Riverton, Wyoming Micropolitan Statistical Area.




Riverton, Wyoming

Riverton is a city in Freemont County, Wyoming in the United States. It is the largest settlement in Freemont County.

Lander, Wyoming

Lander is a city in Wyoming in the United States. It is the county seat of Freemont County. According to the 2020 census, Lander has 7,546 people.

Riverton

Riverton is the name of several places:






Riverton may also refer to:

Lander

Lander may refer to:


Atlantic City (disambiguation)

Atlantic City is a city in New Jersey, United States.

Atlantic City may also refer to:





Atlantic City, Wyoming

Atlantic City is a census-designated place in the U.S. state of Wyoming. 

Lovell

Lovell may refer to:


Third Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Third Amendment (Amendment III) to the United States Constitution places restrictions on the quartering of soldiers in private homes without the owner's consent. It forbids the practice completely during peacetime. The amendment is a response to the Quartering Acts passed by the British parliament between the French and Indian War and the American Revolutionary War. They allowed the British Army to house soldiers in private homes in the American colonies.

The Third Amendment was introduced in Congress in 1789 by James Madison. It was a part of the United States Bill of Rights in response to Anti-Federalist objections to the new Constitution. Congress proposed the amendment to the states on September 28, 1789. By December 15, 1791, the necessary three-quarters of the states had ratified it. Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson announced the adoption of the amendment on March 1, 1792.

The amendment is one of the least controversial of the Constitution and is rarely litigated. The American Bar Association called it the "runt piglet" of the U.S. Constitution. There were times when the US government probably violated this amendment. These include the War of 1812, the American Civil War, and during World War II in the Aleutian Islands. But as of 2015 it has never been the primary basis of a Supreme Court decision.


Boston King

Boston King from ( 1760–1802) was a former Afro-American slave and British loyalist. He was born a slave in South Carolina and was apprenticed as a carpenter. He joined the British when they occupied Charleston, as they promised freedom to slaves. Later, he gained his freedom from the British and settled in Nova Scotia after the American Revolutionary War. He later emigrated to Sierra Leone, where he helped found Freetown. King became the first Methodist missionary in Africa. King published his autobiography in 1798. He died about 1802 in Sierra Leone. 

Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Fourth Amendment (Amendment IV) to the United States Constitution prohibits unreasonable searches and seizures and requires any search warrant to be judicially sanctioned and supported by probable cause. It is part of the Bill of Rights. The Fourth amendment was adopted in response to the abuse of the writ of assistance, a type of general search warrant issued by the British government. It was a major source of tension in pre-Revolutionary America. The Fourth Amendment was introduced in Congress in 1789 by James Madison, along with the other amendments in the Bill of Rights. They were proposed in response to Anti-Federalist objections to the new Constitution. 

Congress sent 12 amendments to the states in August of 1789. Of these, 10 were approved by the states. The last state, Virginia ratified the amendments (including the fourth amendment) on December 15, 1791. On March 1, 1792, Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson announced the adoption of the amendment.

The Bill of Rights did initially apply to the states. Also, federal criminal investigations were less common in the first century of the nation's history. For these reasons there is little case law for the Fourth Amendment before the 20th century. The amendment was held to apply to the states in "Mapp v. Ohio" (1961).

Under the Fourth Amendment, search and seizure (including arrest) should be limited in scope to specific information supplied to the issuing court. This is usually by a law enforcement officer who has sworn by it. Fourth Amendment case law deals with three central questions. What government activities constitute "search" and "seizure"? What constitutes probable cause for these actions? How should violations of Fourth Amendment rights be addressed? Early court decisions limited the amendment's scope to a law enforcement officer's physical intrusion onto private property. But with "Katz v. United States" (1967), the Supreme Court held that its protections, such as the warrant requirement, extend to the privacy of individuals as well as physical locations. Law enforcement officers need a warrant for most search and seizure activities. But the Court has defined a series of exceptions for consent searches, motor vehicle searches, evidence in plain view, exigent circumstances, border searches, and other situations.

The exclusionary rule is one way the amendment is enforced. Established in "Weeks v. United States" (1914), this rule holds that evidence obtained through a Fourth Amendment violation is generally inadmissible at criminal trials. Evidence discovered as a later result of an illegal search may also be inadmissible as "fruit of the poisonous tree," unless it inevitably would have been discovered by legal means.

Royalty (album)

Royalty is the seventh studio album by American singer and songwriter Chris Brown. It was released on December 18, 2015, by RCA Records. The album serves as the follow-up to his sixth album "X" (2014).

The album was dedicated to his daughter, Royalty (born May 27, 2014).


Resisting arrest

In some countries, resisting arrest is a criminal charge against a person who has ran away from a criminal offense.

A person resisting arrest has done, depending on the jurisdiction, at least one of the following acts:


The website "Resisting Arrest" stated that not all arrests are lawful and based upon probable cause. However, an attempt at resisting arrest can lead to additional charges.


Front-runner

In American politics, a front-runner or frontrunner is a leader/most popular in an electoral race.

A political front-runner, mainly during the U.S. presidential primary process, is the most likely to be the nominee or the one who leads in the polls. The front-runner is most often declared by the media who are following the race, and is written about in a different style than his or her challengers.

Sick leave

Sick leave is time off from work that workers can use to stay home because they are sick. Paid sick leave is a requirement in many nations around the world. Most European, many Latin American, a few African and a few Asian countries have legal requirements for paid sick leave. Already in 1500 BCE, at least some of the workers who built the tombs of Egyptian pharaohs received paid sick leave as well as state-supported health care.

Sick pay is money paid to a person who is not able to work because they are ill. This may come from the business they normally work for, from health insurance, or from social security. To get the money most people will need a sick note from a medical doctor to show that they cannot work.

In the United Kingdom general practitioners had to give people sick notes since the National Insurance Act 1911. They could get 10 shillings a week Sickness benefit for 26 weeks. 

Annual leave

Annual leave is paid time off work given by employers to employees to be used for whatever the employee wishes. Depending on the employer's policies, there are different number of days off given. It is thought to be a benefit for the employees. Some employees must tell their boss a few days before they go on leave. Most countries around the world have labor laws that mandate employers give a certain number of paid time-off days per year to workers.

Conservatoire national des arts et métiers

The Conservatoire national des arts et métiers (; CNAM) is a graduate engineering school in Paris, France. It was created in 1794.

Its different programs lead to the following French and European degrees:

Classes and research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen nationalities participate in the different programs at CNAM.


Marasmus

Marasmus is a form of malnutrition. It happens in people (especially children) who do not get enough food. A healthy person gets energy from eating food, especially foods with protein and fat in them. Because a person with marasmus is not getting enough food, they do not get the energy they need to survive. This is due to deficiency of both proteins and calories. Generally, this disease occurs when there is an immediate second pregnancy or repeated child births. Lean and weak, swelling limbs, less developed muscles, dry skin, diarrhoea, etc.., are the symptoms of this disease.

Children with marasmus look emaciated (very skinny). This is because their bodies have burned up all of their fat and muscles to make energy. The child's body weight will be less than 60% of a normal child his or her age.

Marasmus can be treated. However, about half of children with bad malnutrition die because they cannot get treatment where they live.

The word “marasmus” comes from the Greek word μαρασμός "marasmos" (meaning "decay <nowiki>"</nowiki>)

Most children with marasmus look shrunken and have lost most of their muscles and body fat. Their bodies try to save as much energy as possible by shutting down the immune system, not growing, and giving less energy to the liver, kidneys, heart, and gastrointestinal system. This can cause problems like:

Other symptoms of marasmus include:


Marasmus is caused by a deficiency (not having enough) of nearly all nutrients, especially protein, carbohydrates, and lipids (fats).

Marasmus can be treated by giving emergency nutrients and fluids. However, treating the causes of marasmus is not enough. Often, the disease has complications (it causes other problems), like infections, dehydration, and problems with the circulatory system. These complications are very dangerous and often kill children if they are not treated correctly.


Brindisi

Brindisi is an Italian city in Apulia. Brindisi is the capital of the Province of Brindisi. About 85,000 people live there.

Blister agent

A blister agent, or vesicant, is a chemical compound that causes severe pain on the skin, in the eyes, and in the mucus membranes. They can cause severe chemical burns, which then cause painful water blisters, on both the outside and the inside of the body. (This is why these chemicals are called "blister agents.") Throughout history, blister agents have been used for chemical warfare.

Some blister agents are used to treat medical problems - for example, to remove warts. However, they must be used very carefully. If a person accidentally gets even a little bit of the chemical in their mouth, they can die.

There are three major types of blister agents.

Mustard agents are also called "sulfur mustards" or "mustard gas." They are a group of blister agents that have sulfur in them. When they are mixed with other chemicals to be used in chemical warfare, mustard agents are a yellowish-brown color, and smell like mustard plants. This is why they got the name "mustard agents."

Throughout history, many different types and mixtures of sulfur mustards have been used. Mustard agents were first used as a chemical weapon by the German Army during World War I. More recently, in September 2015, the United States said that the terrorist group The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) was making and using sulfur mustard in Syria and Iraq.

Nitrogen mustards are similar to sulfur mustards, but they have nitrogen in them instead of sulfur. While some countries stockpiled (gathered a lot of) nitrogen mustards during World War II, nitrogen mustards have never been used as chemical weapons. In fact, today, they are mainly used to treat medical problems. A few nitrogen mustards are too poisonous to be used for anything but chemical weapons. But many others are used as chemotherapy medications to treat cancer.

Lewisite was first created in 1904. The United States experimented with using lewisite as a chemical weapon in the 1920s and during World War II. However, lewisite did not work well because it smelled like geraniums (a type of flower) and made people's eyes water. Enemy soldiers would smell the chemical and realize their eyes were watering, and would put on gas masks to protect themselves.

In the 1940s, British scientists made an antidote to lewisite, called dimercaprol (or "British anti-Lewisite"). After this, lewisite was no longer as useful as other blister agents, and countries stopped using it.

Blister agents can cause many different symptoms. These symptoms are very painful, and can kill a person. Symptoms include: 

All blister agents easily enter the body through the eyes, lungs, and skin. 

Lewisite causes symptoms right away. However, mustard agents do not. When they are breathed in, symptoms usually do not appear for 4 to 6 hours. When mustard agents get on the skin, symptoms can take 2 to 48 hours to appear.

Zina

Zināʾ (زِنَاء) or zina (زِنًى or زِنًا) is an Islamic law concerning unlawful sexual relations between male and female who are not married to one another through a "nikah". It includes extramarital sex and premarital sex. It also includes adultery (consensual sexual relations outside marriage). Zina covers fornication (consensual sexual intercourse between two unmarried persons), and homosexuality (consensual sexual relations between same-sex partners).

In the four schools of Sunni fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence), and the two schools of Shi'a fiqh, the term zināʾ is a sin of sexual intercourse that is not allowed by Sharia (Islamic law) and classed as a hudud crime (class of Islamic punishments that are fixed for certain crimes that are considered to be "claims of God"). To prove an act of zina, a qadi (religious judge) in a sharia court relies on an unmarried woman's pregnancy, the confession in the name of Allah, or four witnesses to the actual act of penetration. The last two types of prosecutions are uncommon. Most cases of zina in the history of Islam have been pregnant unmarried women. In some schools of Islamic law, a pregnant woman accused of zina who denies sex was consensual must prove she was raped with four eyewitnesses testifying before the court. This has led to many cases where rape victims have been punished for zina. Pressing charges of zina without required eyewitnesses is considered slander (Qadhf, القذف) in Islam, itself a hudud crime.

The above sense of "zina" is not to be confused with the woman's name "Zina" or "Zeina" (زينة). The name has a different linguistic root (Greek "xen"-). It also has a different meaning ("guest, stranger"), is pronounced differently (either Zīnah or Zaynah), and is usually spelled differently.

École polytechnique

École Polytechnique (EP or "l'X") is a engineering graduate school in France.. It is in a campus of Palaiseau (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed in French and English languages. Students from a lot of nationalities participate to the different curricula at École Polytechnique.



Farmington

Farmington may refer to: 

in Canada:

in the United Kingdom:

in the United States (by state):

Ada County, Idaho

Ada County is a county in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 Census, 494,967 people lived in the county. That was more than any other county in Idaho. The county seat and largest city is Boise. Boise is also the state capital.



Hidden Springs, Idaho

Hidden Springs is a census-designated place in Ada County, Idaho, United States. Its population was 3,076 in the 2020 census.

Buddy Cianci

Vincent Albert "Buddy" Cianci, Jr. (, ; , ; April 30, 1941 – January 28, 2016,) was an American lawyer, convicted felon, conservative radio talk show host, politician and political commentator.

He served as the mayor of Providence, Rhode Island from 1975 to 1984 and again from 1991 to 2002. Cianci was the longest-serving mayor of Providence, and one of the longest-serving "big city" mayors in United States history, having held office for over 21 years.

Cianci died of colon cancer in Providence, Rhode Island on January 28, 2016 at the age of 74.


Carlos Loyzaga

Carlos Matute Loyzaga (August 29, 1930 – January 27, 2016) was a Filipino basketball player and coach. He was born in Manila, Philippine Islands.

He was the most dominant basketball player of his era in the Philippines. He was called the greatest Filipino basketball player of all time. Loyzaga was a two-time Olympian (1952, 1956), as a member of the Philippines men's national basketball team.

Loyzaga died on January 27, 2016 in San Juan, Metro Manila from complications of a stroke at the age of 85.


PhinDeli Town Buford, Wyoming

PhinDeli Town Buford, originally known as Buford, is an unincorporated community in Albany County, Wyoming, United States. In 2013, it had only 1 resident.


Harmony, Wyoming

Harmony is an unincorporated community in Albany County, Wyoming, United States. It is located about southwest of Laramie. Harmony Elementary School is a part of Albany County School District #1. Older students attend school in Laramie.

Garrett, Wyoming

Garrett is an unincorporated community in Albany County, Wyoming, United States.

Wellesley, Massachusetts

Wellesley is a town in the U.S. state of Massachusetts.

Paul Kantner

Paul Lorin Kantner (March 17, 1941 – January 28, 2016) was an American guitarist, vocalist, and political activist. He was known for co-founding Jefferson Airplane, a psychedelic rock band of the 1960s and its more commercial spin-off band Jefferson Starship. He was born in San Francisco, California.

Kantner died from multiple organ failure and septic shock caused by a heart attack in San Francisco, California on January 28, 2016. He was 74.


Dmitry Shirkov

Dmitry Vasil'evich Shirkov (; 3 March 1928 – 23 January 2016) was a Russian theoretical physicist. He was known for his works to quantum field theory and to the development of the renormalization group method. He used to work at Lund University in Sweden. He was born in Moscow, Russia.

Shirkov died at his home in Dubna, Russia from a heart attack on 23 January 2016 at the age of 87.


Middle Passage

The Middle Passage the part of the Atlantic slave trade where African slaves were brought to the Americas on slave ships. Millions of African people were shipped to the Americas over the Middle Passage.

Enslaved people were treated so badly on the slave ships that about 15% of them died during the Middle Passage. Even more were killed before they left Africa, when slave traders were trying to kidnap them and force them onto the slave ships. Historians think that up to two million African people died during the Middle Passage. However, somewhere between 9.4 million and 12 million African people survived the Middle Passage, and arrived in the Americas as slaves.

The transatlantic trade of African people had three different parts. Because of this, it was called "the triangular trade." The Middle Passage got its name because it was the middle part of the triangular trade. The three parts of the Atlantic slave trade were:

(1) Europe to Africa
(3) The Americas to Europe

After the kidnapped, enslaved African people were usually forcibly marched to forts along the coast of western Africa. There they were sold to European and American human traffickers. They might have to wait in these forts, which were like prions, for months slave ships arrived.

Enslaved people were then packed onto the slave ships. Often, they were packed together as closely as possible. (The famous drawing on the right shows how closely enslaved people were packed together on some slave ships.) Enslaved men were often chained together at the ankles. Sometimes, slaves were allowed to move around during the day, but many ships kept enslaved people chained up for the entire trip.

Sailing through the Middle Passage could take anywhere from one to six months, depending on the weather. Over time, human trafficking ships got better at making the trip more quickly. In the early 16th century, the average trip took a few months. However, by the 19th century, many slave ships crossed the Middle Passage in fewer than six weeks.

The Enslaved people were treated barbarically and wickedly during the Middle Passage. Slaves were not seen as human. They were thought of as "cargo" or "goods" - commodities rather than innocent people - to be bought and sold, and not respected and cared about, they would be ignored until slavery was abolished 

Enslaved people were starved during the Middle Passage. At "best", the enslavers fed enslaved people beans, corn, yams, rice, and palm oil. However, enslaved African people were not always fed every day. If there was not enough food for the sailors (human traffickers) and the slaves, the enslavers would eat first, and the enslaved might not get any food. On some slave ships, slaves who looked sick were not given any food. Many enslaved people died from starvation and dehydration (not having enough water) during the Middle Passage.

The enslaved peoples' living conditions on the slave ships were horrific. Diseases spread very quickly because the enslaved people were so crowded together, and because there was no sanitation. The most common diseases were dysentery, scurvy, smallpox, syphilis, and measles. Many enslaved African people were killed by disease during the Middle Passage. On longer trips, even more enslaved people died, because there was less food and water (this made dysentery and scurvy more common). Also, many slaves became too depressed to eat.

Slaves were often tortured as punishment if they did not follow the human traffickers' orders or if they seemed disobedient in any way. For example, enslaved people who were too depressed or sick to eat might be beaten or whipped. The worst forms of torture were for enslaved people who tried to rebel (fight back). For example, one slave ship captain punished an enslaved person who tried to rebel, by murdering him; then he forced two other slaves to eat his heart and liver.

Enslaved women and enslaved children were often raped or sexually abused by the sailors.

Many different people participated in the Middle Passage and the triangular trade. 

The countries that controlled most of the slave trade were European and Asian countries that were very powerful at the time. These countries included:


Slave traders in North America, Brazil, and the Caribbean also took part in the slave trade.

Different countries were more powerful in the slave trade at different times. For example, for two hundred years, from 1440–1640, Portugal controlled most of the slave trade. However, over time, the balance of power in Europe changed. By the 18th century, the British Empire was much more powerful. During the 18th century, when 6 million Africans were brought over the Middle Passage, British slavers carried almost 2.5 million of them.

Most of the African slaves came from eight different areas:

The slave trade was very profitable for slave traders. By the late 18th century, a strong male slave could be sold for about $600 to $1500 (which is about $9,000 to $15,000 in United States dollars today). Because of this, kidnapping people in Africa and selling them into slavery became more and more popular. Historians think that African warlords, kings, and private kidnappers - Europeans, Americans, and Africans alike - all participated in kidnapping people into slavery.



Jorma Kaukonen

Jorma Ludwik Kaukonen, Jr. (born December 23, 1940) is an American blues, folk and rock guitarist. He is best known for his work with Jefferson Airplane and Hot Tuna. "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked him #54 on its list of 100 Greatest Guitarists.

Kaukonen was born in Washington, D.C.. He moved to San Francisco, California in the 1960s and studied at Santa Clara University.


Jack Casady

John William "Jack" Casady (born April 13, 1944) is an American musician. He is called one of the popular bass guitarists of the rock music era. He is best known as a member of Jefferson Airplane and Hot Tuna. He was born in Washington, D.C.. He became the bass player for Jefferson Airplane with lead guitarist Jorma Kaukonen and Paul Kantner.


Sciences Po

Sciences Po or Institut d'études politiques de Paris is a special university in France. The school is in Paris. It was created in 1872.

It is a specialist in the fields of economics, administration, social sciences and politics.




Work (Rihanna song)

"Work" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It is from her eighth studio album, "Anti". The song features Canadian rapper Drake. It was released on January 27, 2016. It was the most heard song for its first day on the over 1,200 stations monitored by Nielsen music. A few hours after its release, it was sent to digital outlets such as iTunes and Google Play Music. Rihanna announced via Twitter that "Work" was the lead single for "Anti". In June 2017, the song was certified sextuple-Platinum in the US for sales and streams equal to six million copies.

The song was nominated for Record of the Year and for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards in 2017.

The song reached number one on the iTunes charts of over 70 countries. "Work" debuted at number 9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, which made her one of the artists with the fifth-most top-ten singles in "Billboard" history (with 27 top-ten songs), along with singer-songwriters Mariah Carey, Janet Jackson, and Elton John. In addition, the song also managed to enter the R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart at number one. "Work" reached number two in the UK, number five in Australia, and topped the charts in Canada. The song became Rihanna's 14th and Drake's second number-one single on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. Rihanna became the artist with the third-most number-one songs in Hot 100 history and the second-most for a female artist. She passed Michael Jackson's record of 13 number-ones and is behind Mariah Carey's 18 chart-toppers and The Beatles' 20 number-one songs. "Work" was the third longest-running number-one song of 2016, with nine weeks at the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100 (The Chainsmokers' "Closer" featuring Halsey has spent 12 weeks at number one, and Drake's "One Dance" has spent ten weeks at the top). The song was later replaced at number one by rapper Desiigner's first single, "Panda".

"Work" is about a relationship that has turned bad and using work as a distraction from the relationship. It is a reggae-pop and dancehall song.

The music video was released on February 22, 2016, two days after Rihanna's 28th birthday. It first appeared on the streaming service Tidal and was later uploaded to YouTube/Vevo. The first half of the video contains scenes of a club and shows Rihanna performing Caribbean dance moves with short hair. The second half is a different version of the video, which contains a couch and neon signs, while Rihanna, wearing much longer hair, sings to Drake, and is wearing a sheer shirt. Drake is present in both versions of the video.

Rover

Rover or rovers may refer to: 1878-2005




Slave ship

Slave ships were large cargo ships specially converted for the purpose of taking slaves, especially newly captured African slaves to the Americas. Living conditions for slaves on these ships was awful. Men, women and children were crowded into every possible space, leaving no room to move or even breathe. There was little food and the smell could not be described. Between 1526 and 1867 about 12.5 million slaves were sent by slave ships from Africa to the Americas. But only about 10.7 million slaves actually arrived. Of all human migrations it caused the most human deaths. The average time to sail across the Atlantic was 60 to 90 days. Sometimes the trips took up to four months.

Ship captains were under orders by slavers to deliver only saleable slaves. Starving, sick or troublesome slaves were often thrown overboard into the ocean to drown. Sometimes Africans were kept on deck chained together with long chains. There were times when they would jump overboard, taking every other chained slave with them, to avoid their unknown fate. Many ships kept extra crew members on deck to prevent this from happening. At other times crew members would throw slaves overboard as a warning to other slaves. If the ship was running out of food or water, all the slaves would be killed to save the crew from starving.

Slave ships could at times get insurance on their cargos of slaves. But insurance would not pay if the slavers starved the slaves or they got sick. Insurance paid out if the slaves drowned, but not if they were severely starved to death. In 1781 the slave ship "Zong" was hauling 470 slaves—more than the ship could handle. Many began to get sick. By the time the ship reached the Doldrums, a mid-Atlantic region that at times had no wind, several of the crew had died from the spreading diseases. To save themselves, the remaining crew threw 132 dying and sick slaves into the ocean. Another 10 slaves jumped with them. When they tried to collect the insurance the Insurance underwriter denied the claim. In 1782 in a court in Jamaica, ruled for the owners. The insurance company appealed the decision. This brought a good deal of public attention. It began to be called the "Zong" massacre. No member of the crew or the owners were ever charged with murder. 

About 15% to 20% of the ships leaving Africa never arrived in the Americas. In thousands of cases the crews were overtaken by captured slaves, some of them warriors. Often the crew was killed and the Africans managed to sail back to Africa. In other cases the ships were lost at sea.

Some of the documented slave ship revolts are:







Gooding County, Idaho

Gooding County is a county in the U.S. state of Idaho. In the 2020 census, the population was 15,598. Its county seat is Gooding. It is named for Frank R. Gooding, an early 20th Century governor and United States Senator from Idaho.


 

Lost River, Idaho

Lost River is a city in Custer County, Idaho, United States. It had 42 residents at the 2020 census.

Lost River is located at (43.721785, -113.544931).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . of it is land and is water.

Its named after the Big Lost River.

Getúlio Vargas

Getúlio Dornelles Vargas (; 19 April 1882 – 24 August 1954) was President of Brazil. He was the dictator from 1930 to 1945. His first 15-year long rule is known as the Vargas Era. Then he was elected President in 1951 and served until 1954. Vargas led Brazil for 18 years, the longest of any President. He was second in Brazilian history only to Emperor Pedro II among heads of state. He favored nationalism, industrialization, centralization, social welfare and populism. Vargas won the nickname "The Father of the Poor". He was a supporter of workers rights and was very much an anti-communist. He committed suicide by shooting himself with a gun, after he was forced by the Brazilian military to resign from the Presidency.

In 2014, sixty years after his death, the movie "Getúlio" which depicts the events that ended with his suicide, was made.

Custer County, Idaho

Custer County is a county in U.S. state of Idaho. In the 2020 census, the population was 4,249. The county seat is Challis.





Bosler, Wyoming

Bosler is an unincorporated community in Albany County, Wyoming, United States, along the Laramie River. It lies along the concurrent U.S. Routes 30 and 287 north of Laramie. Its elevation is 7,080 feet (2,158 m). Although Bosler is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82051.

Gordon Goody

Gordon Goody (11 March 1929 – 29 January 2016) was a British criminal and small businessman. He was born in London, England. Goody was known for playing a role in the Great Train Robbery in 1963 that was lead by Bruce Reynolds.Goody was sentenced to 30 years in jail, but was released in 1975. A year after his release, he moved to Spain were he opened a small business as a bar owner.

Goody died at his home in Mojácar, Spain from a heart attack on 29 January 2016 at the age of 86.


List of municipalities in Wyoming

There are 99 incorporated municipalities in the state of Wyoming.


List of census-designated places in Wyoming

This page lists census-designated places (CDPs) in the U.S. state of Wyoming. At the 2010 census, there were 104 census-designated places in Wyoming.

Twenty-one of Wyoming's twenty-three counties contain census-designated places.








Powell, Wyoming

Powell is a city in Park County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 6,314 at the 2010 census.

Albany, Wyoming

Albany is a census-designated place (CDP) in Albany County, Wyoming, United States. Its population was 55 at the 2010 census.

Centennial, Wyoming

Centennial is a census-designated place (CDP) in Albany County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 270 at the 2010 census.

Ellis, Idaho

Ellis is an unincorporated community in Custer County, Idaho, United States. It is located on U.S. Route 93 northeast of Challis. Ellis has a post office with ZIP code 83235.

Lander, Pennsylvania

Lander is a unincorporated community in Farmington Township in Warren County, Pennsylvania. 

Farmington, Ohio

Farmington is an unincorporated community in Belmont County, Ohio, United States.

Farmington was laid out in 1818. A former variant name of Farmington was Cope. A post office called Cope was established in 1874, and operated until 1895.

Hershey, Pennsylvania

Hershey is a census-designated place (CDP) in Derry Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, United States. Hershey's chocolates are made in Hershey, which was founded by candy magnate Milton S. Hershey.

The community is located east of Harrisburg and is part of the Harrisburg−Carlisle Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 13,858 at the 2020 census.

Lovell, Ohio

Lovell is an unincorporated community in Wyandot County, Ohio.

Lovell was founded in the 1870s soon when the railroad was extended to that point. A post office was established at Lovell in 1877, and operated until 1909. The community was named for its founder, Lovell B. Harris.

Agnès Varda

Agnès Varda (30 May 1928 – 29 March 2019) was a French movie director and producer, screenwriter, editor, actress, artist, photographer. She was also a professor at the European Graduate School.

Her movies, photographs, and artworks focused on realism, feminist issues, and social commentary with a distinct experimental style. Movie historians have cited Varda's work as central to the development of the French New Wave movie movement. She was known for her works "Cleo de 5 a 7", "La Pointe Courte", and "Vagabond".

Varda was born in Ixelles, Brussels, Belgium to French parents. She studied at École des Beaux-Arts. Varda was married to Jacques Demy from 1962 until his death in 1990. They had one daughter, Rosalie.

Varda died of cancer on 29 March 2019 in Paris, at the age of 90.



U.S. News &amp; World Report

U.S. News & World Report is an American media company that publishes news, opinions, consumer advice, rankings, and analysis. It was founded as a weekly news magazine in 1933. Since 2010, it mainly publishes its content on the internet. U.S. News is best known today for its influential rankings of colleges and hospitals. It has expanded its content on education, health, money, careers, travel, and cars.

The editorial staff of U.S. News & World Report is based in Washington, D.C. Brian Kelly has been the chief content editor since April 2007. The company is owned by Mortimer Zuckerman.


Richard Sugarman

Richard Sugarman (born July 12, 1944) is an American academic and political advisor. He is a Professor of Religion and Philosophy at the University of Vermont. He has been called a "world-renowned expert on the Lithuanian-born philosopher Emmanuel Levinas." He is a political advisor to presidential candidate Bernie Sanders on his 2016 presidential campaign.

He studied philosophy at Yale and Boston University.

Sugarman is of Jewish descent. He is an Orthodox Jew and also a Zionist.


Huck Gutman

Huck Gutman (born about 1944) is an American academic and political advisor. He is a Professor of English at the University of Vermont. He was the Chief of Staff to U.S. presidential candidate Bernie Sanders. He co-wrote Sanders' political memoir, "Outsider in the White House".


Outsider in the White House

Outsider in the White House is a political memoir written by Huck Gutman and Bernie Sanders. It was first published as "Outsider in the House" in 1997. It was republished in 2015, when Sanders ran for President of the United States. The book contains an afterword by journalist John Nichols. 

The book talks about Sanders's support for the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution. This law gives United States citizens the right to own guns. 

John Roper, Baron Roper

John Francis Hodgess Roper, Baron Roper (10 September 1935 – 29 January 2016) was a British politician.

Roper was elected Member of Parliament for Farnworth in 1970. He sat as a Labour Co-operative MP from 1970 to 1981, and for the Social Democratic Party (SDP) from 1981 to 1983, when he was also the party's Chief Whip. His Farnworth seat was then abolished, and he contested the seat of Worsley at the 1983 general election. He finished third in a three-way marginal election.

On 12 May 2000, he was created a life peer as Baron Roper, of Thorney Island in the City of Westminster. He was the Liberal Democrat Chief Whip in the House of Lords until 2005. He was then appointed to the Privy Council of the United Kingdom. In 2008, he was elected Principal Deputy Chairman of Committees. He retired from the House of Lords on 23 May 2015.

Roper died on 29 January 2016 after a long illness. He was aged 80.


Aleš Debeljak

Aleš Debeljak (25 December 1961 – 28 January 2016) was a Slovenian cultural critic, poet, and essayist. He was born in Ljubljana, Slovenia, Yugoslavia. From the mid-1980s onwards, Debeljak took an active part in civil society movements. He was one of the co-editors of popular journal "Nova revija".

Debeljak was killed in a car crash on 28 January 2016. He was aged 54.


Augusto Giomo

Augusto Giomo (3 February 1940 – 27 January 2016) was an Italian basketball player. He competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics. He finished in fourth and fifth place. His younger brother Giorgio played for Italy at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Treviso.

Giomo died in Treviso, from cancer, on 27 January 2016. He was aged 75.

Paul Terasaki

Paul Ichiro Terasaki (September 10, 1929 – January 25, 2016) was an American scientist. He worked in the field of human organ transplant technology. He was the Professor Emeritus of Surgery at UCLA School of Medicine. Terasaki was born in Los Angeles, California. 

In 1964, Terasaki developed the microcytotoxicity test. This is a tissue-typing test for organ transplant donors and recipients. It required only 1 microliter of antisera used to identify human leukocyte antigens (HLA).

Terasaki died on January 25, 2016 after a long illness in Beverly Hills, California. He was aged 86.


Słopnice

Słopnice is a village in southern Poland. It is located in Limanowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Słopnice. It is located about west of Limanowa and south-east of the regional capital Kraków.

Michel Legrand

Michel Legrand (24 February 1932 – 26 January 2019) was a French musical composer, arranger, conductor, and pianist. He was born Courbevoie, in present-day France.

Legrand was a well-known composer. He has written over 200 movie and television scores, as well as many memorable songs. 

He was best known for his movie music, such as "The Umbrellas of Cherbourg" (1964) and "The Thomas Crown Affair" (1968). "The Thomas Crown Affair" featured the song "The Windmills of Your Mind". Legrand won his first Academy Award for this song. He would win another Academy Award in 1971 for "Summer of '42".

Legrand died suddenly from sepsis after suffering from a lung infection in Paris on 26 January 2019 at the age of 86.

Legrand stated composers like Stan Kenton, Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Oscar Peterson, Bill Evans, Gil Evans, Django Reinhardt, Nat King Cole, Art Tatum, Dizzy Gillespie, Erroll Garner, Thelonious Monk, Bud Powell, Dave Brubeck, Earl Hines and Teddy Wilson as influences.


Pressurized heavy-water reactor

A pressurized heavy-water reactor (PHWR) is a nuclear reactor developed by Canada. It commonly uses uranium as its fuel. It uses heavy water (deuterium oxide DO) as its coolant and neutron moderator. The heavy water coolant is kept under pressure. This allows it to be heated to higher temperatures without boiling. While heavy water is a lot more expensive than ordinary water, it creates greatly enhanced neutron economy. This allows the reactor to operate without fuel-enrichment facilities (offsetting the additional expense of the heavy water).


List of presidents of the Marshall Islands

The following is a list of presidents of the Marshall Islands, since the creation of that office in 1979. 

Whirlpool galaxy

The Whirlpool galaxy, is also known as Messier 51a, M51a, or NGC 5194. It is a large galaxy with well-defined spiral arms, with a smaller companion galaxy. They have been through a collision, and are still interacting.

The Whirlpool was the first galaxy to be classified as a spiral galaxy. Different methods put its distance as between 15 to 35 million light-years. Recently it was estimated to be 23 ± 4 million light-years from the Milky Way. Messier 51 is one of the best known galaxies in the sky.

Its spiral arms are so impressive and well-defined that it is called a "grand design" spiral galaxy. It has an active galactic nucleus, no doubt fuelled by a massive black hole.

The galaxy and its companion, NGC 5195, are easily seen by amateur astronomers, in the constellation Canes Venatici. The two galaxies can be seen with binoculars. The Whirlpool galaxy is also a popular target for professional astronomers. They study its galaxy structure (particularly the spiral arms) and galaxy interactions.

Museo del Prado

The Museo del Prado is a museum established on 19 November 1819, located in Madrid. It is one of the biggest and most important museums in the world. Its collection includes works of European artists, from the 12th to the 19th century. It was founded as a museum for paintings and sculptures, but also contains other types of works of art. The collections include many works of Francisco de Goya, Diego Velázquez, El Greco, Titian and Peter Paul Rubens and Hieronymus Bosch. In 2012, about 2.8 million people visited the museum. Some of the most famous paintings in the museum include: Las Meninas, The Garden of Earthly Delights, The Third of May 1808, and La Maja Desnuda. The architects that constructed the museum are Rafael Moneo and Juan de Villanueva.

Mathematical optimization

In many branches of science, including mathematics, mathematical optimization is a branch that is about finding a right set of answers that gives the best (optimal) solution to a problem, given some limitations, or criteria. In the simplest case, this means that a function needs to be minimized or maximized. 
For example, consider a baker with a set amount of flour, sugar, yeast, etc. They also are given five hours to prepare. Time and ingredients are the constraints, or criteria. The baker is tasked with providing the largest volume of food to feed a hungry crowd. Maximizing the number of servings is the optimization function. 
Many problems are much harder, though, and solving them analytically is not feasible: in these cases, numerical methods are often used. This often is a result of when the decisions that need to be made involve whole numbers. A baker can usually make half of a recipe, but consider a rancher trying to determine how many cattle and sheep to graze. Limitations may include amount of land available or money to purchase the animals. The optimization function is to maximize profit. If they could purchase a fraction of a cow or sheep, then the problem is pretty easy to solve. However, since one can only buy whole sheep or cows, the problem becomes very difficult to solve perfectly, so the best one can do is sometimes to get a "best guess" using numerical methods with the help of a computer.
The first step is usually to take the derivative of the initial function. From here maxima or minima can be found within a domain by simply finding the critical points. These include domain (x) values where the differentiated function equals 0 or does not exist. Simply finding critical points is not enough to determine maxima or minima. The final step to determining a maximum, minimum, or neither can be one of two methods.

(1) X values lesser and lesser than the critical point must be substituted into the differentiated function to determine if the values change sign. If they go from negative to positive, the critical point is a minimum. If they go from positive to negative, the critical point is a maximum. If neither occurs, the point is neither. This is known as the first derivative test.

(2) The derivative of the differentiated function can be taken, creating a second-order derivative. The critical point must be substituted into the second derivative. If the output is positive, the critical point is a minimum. If the output is negative, the critical point is a maximum. This is known as the second derivative test.
The application of optimization span many fields. A simple example is attempting to find the smallest possible difference in the distance of two objects in two-dimensional space (x and y). In this context, the derivative of the function that gives the difference is taken in order to find the minimum. A more complicated example is in Machine Learning, in which the optimization function attempts to find the global minimum of the loss function in order to minimize the difference or loss between the algorithm’s predictions and the actual values. This example is more difficult as Machine learning algorithms often utilize multidimensional data usually in the form of tensors yielding more complicated functions.
Today, there are many tools to support optimization studies:

Arab slave trade

The Arab slave trade, was a slave trade in which slaves were mainly transported across the Sahara. Most were moved from sub-Saharan Africa to North Africa to be sold to Mediterranean and Middle Eastern civilizations; a small percentage went the other direction. Estimates of the total number of black slaves moved from sub-Saharan Africa to the Arab world range from 6-10 million, and the trans-Saharan trade routes conveyed a significant number of this total, with one estimate tallying around 7.2 million slaves crossing the Sahara from the mid-7th century until the 20th century when it was abolished. The Arabs managed and operated the trans-Saharan slave trade, although Berbers were also actively involved and also traded. Alongside Black Africans, Turks, Iranians, Europeans and Berbers were among the people traded by the Arabs, with the trade being practised throughout the Arab world, primarily in Western Asia, North Africa, East Africa, and Europe.

One of the oldest slave trades in history was the Arab trade of Zanj (Bantu) slaves in Southeast Africa. This trade began 700 years before the European Atlantic slave trade. Men taken as slaves were often used as servants, soldiers, or workers. Women and children were mainly used as servants and concubines. 

Most male slaves were castrated. It is estimated that as many as 6 out of every 10 boys bled to death during this process. Even so, castrating slaves was worthwhile because eunuchs sold for high prices. Over time, the Arab slave trade shifted to concentrate more on women and young girls for sexual purposes. This was different than the later Atlantic slave trade, which concentrated on enslaving men for labor.

During the Arab slave trade, 
Europeans were among those traded by the Arabs. The term "Saqaliba" (Arabic: صقالبة) was often used in medieval Arabic sources to refer specifically to Slavic slaves traded by the Arab traders, but it could also refer more broadly to Central, Southern, and Eastern Europeans who were also traded by the Arabs, as well as all European slaves in some Muslim regions like Spain including those abducted from military raids on Christian kingdoms of Spain. During the era of the Fatimid Caliphate (909–1171), the majority of slaves were Europeans taken along European beaches and during conflicts.

In Mauritania slavery was abolished legally in 1980. But Muslim Berbers still own an estimated 90,000 African slaves. This is despite the fact that African Mauritanians converted to Islam over a hundred years ago and the Qur’an does not allow Muslims to enslave other Muslims. Slaves are used for farm labor, concubines and domestic servants. The children remain the property of their masters. They can be bought, sold, or exchanged for trucks, camels or guns. 

Slavery in Sudan is active again with the Muslim north waging war against Animists and Christians in the south. In these raids almost all slaves are taken from the tribes in the Nuba Mountains. Government sponsored Arab militias often kill the men and enslave women and children. Those taken slaves are forced to convert to Islam. Those that refuse are put to death. The trafficking in women and children in Western and Southern Africa violates the 1948 UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights.


John King Jr.

John B. King Jr. (born January 5, 1975) is an American politician. He was the Secretary of Education at the U.S. Department of Education from 2016 to 2017. Before, he served as its Acting Deputy Secretary, and from 2011 to 2014 he was the New York State Education Commissioner. 

The former Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan, was given the job of putting into effect the No Child Left Behind Act. However, King is required to put into effect the law that replaces that law, the Every Student Succeeds Act.

In April 2021, King announced that he would be running for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Maryland in the 2022 election. He lost the Democratic nomination in July 2022.

Sally Jewell

Sarah Margaret Roffey Jewell (born February 21, 1956) is a British-born American businesswoman. She is the 51st United States Secretary of the Interior. She served in the government of President Barack Obama from April 2013 to 2017. She is the second woman to hold the position, after Gale Norton.

Antennae galaxies

The Antennae galaxies (NGC 4038/NGC 4039) are two colliding galaxies. They are in the constellation Corvus. The process takes hundreds of millions of years, maybe even a billion years.

The collision, with its clouds of gas, dust and magnetic fields, causes extremely rapid star formation. This is their starburst phase, and might last a few hundred million years. They were discovered by William Herschel in 1785.

They are in the NGC 4038 group with five other galaxies. Before The Collision, NGC 4038 was a barred spiral galaxy and NGC 4039 was a spiral galaxy. These two galaxies are known as the Antennae galaxies because they have two long tails of stars, gas and dust ejected from the galaxies as a result of tidal force in the collision that look like an insect’s antennae. The nuclei of the two galaxies are joining to become one giant galaxy, sometime in the future to form an Elliptical galaxy.
These interacting galaxies are nearer and less remote to the Milky Way than previously thought—at 45 million light-years instead of 65 million light-years.

Yisroel Belsky

Chaim Yisroel Belsky (August 22, 1938 – January 28, 2016) was an American rabbi and posek of Orthodox and Haredi Judaism. He was one of the roshei yeshivas at Yeshiva Torah Vodaas, and rabbi of the summer camp network run by Agudath Israel of America. He was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Belsky was criticized by other rabbis for his repeated defense of sexual abusers. Some have claimed that he intimidated victims of abuse. Belsky has publicly stated that victims should not report their rape to the police.

Belsky was taken to hospital on January 22, 2016 in Brooklyn. He had a "serious illness". He died eight days later on January 30, at the age of 77.

Jean-Marie Doré

Jean-Marie Doré (12 June 1938 – 29 January 2016) was a Guinean politician. He was the Prime Minister of Guinea from January 2010 until December 2010.

Doré was the President of the Union for the Progress of Guinea (UPG). He was opposition leader for years before being chosen to lead a transitional government that was in place during the preparation and conduct of the 2010 presidential election.
Doré died in Conakry on 29 January 2016, at the age of 77.

T. N. Gopakumar

T. N. Gopakumar (1957 – 30 January 2016) was an Indian writer, movie director and journalist. He was the news editor in chief of Asianet News. Gopakumar was also the producer and anchorperson of the popular weekly programme "Kannadi" on Asianet.

Gopakumar died of cancer in a private hospital in Thiruvananthapuram on 30 January 2016. He was aged 58.

Georgia Davis Powers

Georgia Montgomery Davis Powers (October 19, 1923 – January 30, 2016) was an American politician and civil rights activist. She served for 21 years as a member of the state Senate of Kentucky. When elected in 1967, she became the first non-White person and the first woman elected to the Kentucky Senate. She was born in Springfield, Kentucky.

Powers died of congestive heart failure in Louisville, Kentucky on January 30, 2016. She was aged 92.

Jean Paul Gaultier

Jean Paul Gaultier (; born 24 April 1952) is a French haute couture fashion designer. He created his own ready-to-wear brand in 1976. His first couture fashion show was in 1997. From 1993 to 1997, Trademark co-hosted "Eurotrash" with Antoine de Caunes on Channel 4 (UK). 

He was the creative director of Hermès from 2003 to 2010. Gaultier ended his ready-to-wear line in 2014 in order to focus on haute couture and his perfume range.

<br>

Piers Corbyn

Piers Richard Corbyn (born 10 March 1947) is a British businessman and conspiracy theorist. He was born in Chippenham. He is the owner of the business WeatherAction which makes weather forecasts. It claims to make accurate forecasts up to a year in advance. He is the older brother of former Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn.

Jeremy Corbyn: Accidental Hero

Jeremy Corbyn: Accidental Hero is a book by British writer W. Stephen Gilbert. It was published in 2015 by Eyewear Publishing.

The book is an analysis of the rise of long-serving MP Jeremy Corbyn to the leadership of the Labour Party. The book talks about Corbyn's life and career and future as Labour leader. It received positive reviews.

2015 Jeremy Corbyn Labour Party leadership campaign

In 2015, Jeremy Corbyn, the Member of Parliament for Islington North, stood as a candidate in the British Labour Party leadership election. His campaign that would eventually result in his becoming the leader of the Labour Party.

His campaign was announced in an article for the "Islington Tribune" on 3 June 2015. Corbyn promised support for the anti-austerity movement and because he wanted to "give Labour Party members a voice" in the debate.

He was originally seen as an "outsider" in the leadership race. This means that, though he was a member of the Labour Party, he was not someone people expected to be leader. Bookmakers had his odds of winning at 200-to-1. However, following a series of televised and radio debates with the other three candidates – Andy Burnham, Yvette Cooper and Liz Kendall – Corbyn went on to gain the support of six of the fourteen trade unions affiliated with the Labour Party. This included the UK's two largest trade unions, Unite and UNISON. He received the highest number of supporting nominations from Constituency Labour Parties, winning over 100 by the end of July.

Many politicians, unions and celebrities supported Corbyn such as Ken Livingstone, Emma Thompson, Russell Brand, Daniel Radcliffe, Joseph Stiglitz, Bernie Sanders and Michael Meacher.

To become a candidate in the party's election, 35 nominations from Labour MPs are needed. Commentators in the media widely predicted that Corbyn would struggle to get this many. However, he managed at a very late stage, to secure enough support, with 36 nominations in total. Around 12 of the MPs who nominated him actually supported other candidates, but "lent" him their support in order to widen the contest. Corbyn was reported to say: "We had two minutes to spare, it was easy."

On September 12, 2015, at a special conference held in the Queen Elizabeth Conference Centre, Corbyn was announced to have been elected Leader of the Labour Party. He won 59.5% of first-preference votes.


Leader of the Labour Party (UK)

The Leader of the Labour Party is the leading politician within the Labour Party in the United Kingdom. Since 4 April 2020, Keir Starmer is leader. He represents the constituency of Holborn and St Pancras.

The post of Leader of the Labour Party was officially created in 1922. Before this time, between when Labour MPs were first elected in 1906 and the election in 1922, when substantial gains were made, the post was known as Chairman of the Parliamentary Labour Party.

A list of leaders (including acting leaders) since 1906.

Islington North (UK Parliament constituency)

Islington North is a constituency in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament. The seat has been held since 1983 by Jeremy Corbyn of the Labour Party. Corbyn was Leader of the Labour Party and the Leader of the Opposition from September 2015 to April 2020.

At , it is the smallest UK Parliamentary constituency.

Tom Watson (Labour politician)

Thomas Anthony Watson (born 8 January 1967) is a British Labour Party politician. He was elected as Deputy Leader of the Labour Party in September 2015. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for West Bromwich East from 2001 through 2019. He was Minister for Digital Engagement and the Civil Service at the Cabinet Office from 2008 to 2009.

On 6 November 2019 Watson announced that he would be standing down both as an MP and as Deputy Leader, and leave office on 12 December 2019, stating that his reasons for standing down were "personal, not political."

University of North London

The University of North London was a university in London, England, from 1992 to 2002. It was merged with London Guildhall University to form London Metropolitan University. Its former campus are now the university's north campus, on Holloway Road and Highbury Grove, Islington. In 1996, the university celebrated its centenary year.


Michael O'Halloran (British politician)

Michael Joseph O'Halloran (20 August 1933 – 29 November 1999) was a British politician. He was a member of the Labour Party and the Social Democratic Party.

He was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Islington North in a by-election in 1969 after the death of MP Gerry Reynolds. He was secretary of the Constituency Labour Party. O'Halloran was among the Labour MPs who moved to the new Social Democratic Party (SDP) in 1981. 

In 1983, the SDP chose John Grant, the MP for Islington Central (which was being abolished in boundary changes), to be its candidate in Islington North. O'Halloran left the SDP to stand as an independent Labour candidate in the 1983 general election. The official Labour candidate Jeremy Corbyn won while O'Halloran came in fourth with 11% of the vote. Grant came third with 22% of the vote.

He retired to County Wexford. He died on 29 November 1999 from a heart attack at the age of 66.


Union representative

A union representative, union steward or shop steward is an employee of an organization or company who represents and defends the interests of her/his fellow employees but who also works for a trades union. 

Ordinary members of the union are elected to this position by fellow workers or sometimes by appointment of a higher union body. While working as a representative, they keep their role as an employee of the company. 

As a result, the union steward becomes an important link and source of information between the union leadership and ordinary workers.

Plainfield

Plainfield is the name of several places 



Torrington

Torrington may refer to:

In Australia:

In Canada:

In the United Kingdom:

In the United States of America:


Constituency Labour Party

A constituency Labour Party (CLP) is an organisation of members of the British Labour Party who live in a particular UK parliamentary constituency in England, Scotland and Wales. The Labour Party in Northern Ireland has, since February 2009, been organised as a single constituency.

For much of the Labour Party's history, especially during the 1980s, CLPs were perceived as the more left wing faction in the Labour Party. The unions were said to be a more moderate or pragmatic force.

Lost River

Lost River may refer to:

In Canada:
In the United States:


Whip (politics)

A whip is a person in a political party whose job is to make sure the party's members vote with the party. This happens in a legislature. Whips are a party's "enforcers", who talk to each member of the party to make sure that they vote according to the official party policy.

A whip must also make sure that the elected representatives of their party are in attendance when important votes are taken. The usage comes from the hunting term "whipping in", which means to stop hounds from wandering away from the pack. 

Lost River, Kentucky

Lost River is an unincorporated community in Warren County, Kentucky, United States.

New Labour

New Labour refers to a period in the history of the British Labour Party. This period was from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s, under leaders Tony Blair and Gordon Brown. The name dates from a conference slogan first used by the party in 1994. This slogan was later seen in a draft manifesto published in 1996, called "New Labour, New Life For Britain". It was presented as the brand of a newly reformed party that had changed Clause IV and supported market economics.

Bridgeport

Bridgeport may refer to:

In Canada:

In the United States:

Bridgeport, New Jersey

Bridgeport is an unincorporated community in Logan Township, Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP Code 08014.

Anti-austerity movement

The anti-austerity movement refers to the mobilization of street protests and grassroots campaigns that has happened across many countries, especially in Europe, since the onset of the worldwide Great Recession. 

Anti-austerity actions are different and ongoing. They continue as of the present day. The global Occupy movement has arguably been the most noticeable physical enactment of anti-austerity and populist sentiment.

United Kingdom government austerity programme

The United Kingdom government deficit reduction programme is a series of reductions in public spending, intended to reduce the government budget deficit and the welfare state in the United Kingdom. However, the NHS and education were "ringfenced" and protected from spending cuts.

The programme was created in 2010 by the Conservative and Liberal Democrat coalition government. Its original stated goal was to, "achieve cyclically-adjusted current balance by the end of the rolling, five-year forecast period." At the June 2010 budget, the end of the forecast period was 2015–16. However, in 2014 the Treasury extended the proposed austerity period until at least 2018.

Anti-war movement

An anti-war movement (also "antiwar") is a social movement, usually against to a nation's decision to start or continue a war. It does not matter whether the nation has a just cause for war.

The term can also refer to pacifism, which is the opposition to all use of military force during conflicts. Many activists distinguish between anti-war movements and peace movements. Anti-war activists work through protest and other peaceful means to attempt to pressure a government (or governments) to put an end to a particular war or conflict.



Non-interventionism

Non-interventionism or non-intervention is a foreign policy that holds a country should avoid all wars unless it is defending itself from attack. It promotes neutrality and discourages alliances with other nations, but still encourages diplomacy.

The original, more formal definition is that non-interventionism is a policy of not interfering in the affairs of another country without its permission.


Cayetano Paderanga Jr.

Cayetano Paderanga Jr. (October 9, 1948 – January 29, 2016) was a Filipino economist. He was Director-General of the National Economic and Development Authority (NEDA), an agency of the government of the Philippines responsible for economic development and planning. He held this position twice, from 1990 to 1992 and from 2010 to 2012.

In his first term, Paderanga served under President Corazon Aquino. He was a member of the Monetary Board of the Central Bank of the Philippines from 1993 to 1999. He was also executive director for the Philippines in the Asian Development Bank (ADB) from 2001 to 2003.

Paderanga died in Taguig City, Philippines, from complications after heart surgery, on January 29, 2016. He was aged 67.


Unilateral disarmament

Unilateral disarmament is a policy option where a single country disarms or renounces weapons without expecting other nations or rivals to also renounce their use of weapons. It was most commonly used in the twentieth century in the context of "unilateral nuclear disarmament", a recurrent mission of peace movements in countries such as the United States and the United Kingdom.

Nations do not often choose to dismantle their entire military capability. Unilateral disarmament is usually sought in one technical competency, such as weapons of mass destruction. Non-violent political movements from that of Mahatma Gandhi to the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament have recommended unilateral disarmament as a step toward world peace.

Nuclear disarmament

Nuclear disarmament talks about the act of reducing or eliminating nuclear weapons and to the end state of a nuclear-weapon-free world, in which nuclear weapons are completely eliminated.

Nuclear disarmament groups include the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament, Peace Action, Greenpeace, International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War, Mayors for Peace, Global Zero, the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (winner of the Nobel Peace Prize in 2017), and the Nuclear Age Peace Foundation. 

There have been many large anti-nuclear demonstrations and protests. On June 12, 1982, one million people demonstrated in New York City's Central Park against nuclear weapons and for an end to the cold war arms race. It was the largest anti-nuclear protest and the largest political demonstration in American history.

In recent years, some U.S. elder statesmen have also advocated nuclear disarmament. Sam Nunn, William Perry, Henry Kissinger, and George Shultz have called upon governments to embrace the vision of a world free of nuclear weapons, and in various op-ed columns have proposed an ambitious program of urgent steps to that end. The four have created the Nuclear Security Project to advance this agenda. Organisations such as Global Zero, an international non-partisan group of 300 world leaders dedicated to achieving nuclear disarmament, have also been established.


Insubordination

Insubordination is when people do not obey an authority. In the military, for example, insubordination is when a serviceman or servicewoman disobeys the orders of a higher-ranking officer.

In civil life, a person may refuse to obey a law or order that he or she thinks is wrong. This is called civil disobedience.

Socialist Campaign Group

The Socialist Campaign Group is a left-wing, democratic socialist group of Labour Party Members of Parliament in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. It was formed in December 1982 as an alternative Parliamentary left-wing group to the Tribune Group. The Campaign Group, as it's commonly known, is often considered on the hard left of the Labour Party and has been very critical of New Labour.

Palestine Solidarity Campaign

The Palestine Solidarity Campaign (PSC) is an activist organisation in England and Wales. It supports the Palestinian people. It was founded in 1982 during the build-up to Israel's invasion of Lebanon. It was incorporated in the UK in 2004 as Palestine Solidarity Campaign Ltd.

Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament

The Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) is an organisation that supports nuclear disarmament by the United Kingdom. It also supports disarmament by other countries and stricter weapons rules through international agreements such as the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. It opposes military action that may result in the use of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons. It also opposes the building of nuclear power stations in the UK.

Abjad

An injamam is an alphabet in which all of the letters are consonants. Even though vowels can be added in some abjads, they are not needed to write a word correctly. Abjad are commonly written from right to left, rather than left to right, like in other writing systems. Well-known examples of abjads are the English alphabet and the Hebrew alphabet.

Abjads are the first writing systems that were made to show only a word's pronunciation, instead of its meaning, unlike ideographs or ideograms, and were created before full alphabets like the Greek alphabet, which have letters for both consonants and vowels.

The earliest known abjad in the world is the Phoenician alphabet. Since in Afro-Asiatic languages, the root meaning of a word is found in its consonants, abjads are widely used in those languages. There are also languages without consonant roots that use abjads, such as Persian and Urdu, both of which use the Arabic alphabet.

Stop the War Coalition

The Stop the War Coalition (StWC; informally Stop the War) is a British group created on 21 September 2001, shortly after the September 11 attacks. It was created to campaign against what it believes are unjust wars.

The group has campaigned against the wars that are part of the "War on Terror" of the United States and its allies. It has campaigned against the war in Afghanistan and the Iraq War. The demonstration against the Iraq War on 15 February 2003 was organised with Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) and the Muslim Association of Britain (MAB). It is claimed to be the largest public demonstration in British history.

"Stop the War" has been accused of supporting Bashar al-Assad in Syria, and the Russian annexation of Crimea in 2014.

Frank Finlay

Francis Finlay, CBE (6 August 1926 – 30 January 2016) was an English stage, movie and television actor. Finlay was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Iago in the 1965 movie version of William Shakespeare's "Othello". He was also known for his role as Jacob Marley in the 1984 movie "A Christmas Carol". He won a BAFTA Award in 1974.

Finlay died on 30 January 2016 at his home in Weybridge, Surrey. He died from heart failure after suffering from Alzheimer's disease. He was aged 89.

Kington St Michael

Kington St Michael is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England. It is located about north of Chippenham. It is about west of the A350 which links Chippenham with junction 17 of the M4 motorway; the village is about southwest of the junction. 


Pave Lane

Pave Lane is a hamlet in Shropshire, England. It is in the borough of Telford and Wrekin. It is located south of Newport, near the border with Staffordshire. The hamlet is in a very rural area. It has excellent views of the Shropshire countryside. Pave Lane is near the former estate, Lilleshall Hall. 

Pave Lane was located on a toll road between Newport and Wolverhampton. Because of this, the area had many inns and coach houses. The road later became the A41.

Castle House School

Castle House School is a preparatory day school for boys and girls in England. It was first established in 1944, at Chetwynd End, Newport, Shropshire. The school is owned and operated by the Castle House School Trust Ltd, a registered charity, by up to twelve governors of the Trust.

Newport, Shropshire

Newport is a market town and civil parish in the county of Shropshire in England. It is in the borough of Telford and Wrekin, near to the border with Staffordshire. It is around 6 miles (10 kilometres) north of Telford and around 12 miles (19 km) west of Stafford, Staffordshire's county town.

In 2011, a census revealed that the parish's population was 11,387 people.

The town has won seven Britain in Bloom gold medals, more than any other town in Great Britain.

Newport town centre has a lot of old buildings and architecture. The main street has a Norman design with a very wide High Street. 

Adams' Grammar School

Adams' Grammar School (often abbreviated as AGS) is a selective boys' grammar school in England. It is located in Newport, Shropshire.

It was founded in 1656 by William Adams, a wealthy member of the Worshipful Company of Haberdashers (one of the Great Twelve Livery Companies of the City of London). It is now one of the country's best-performing schools. It was rated by the Ofsted as a Grade 1 outstanding school.

Chiune Sugihara

Sugihara was born in Yaotsu, Gifu. He was first married to Klaudia Semionovna Apollonova until their divorce in 1935. He was later married to Yukiko Sugihara. They had four sons.

Sugihara died on 31 July 1986 at a hospital in Kamakura. He was 86.


Ramón Castro Jijón

Admiral Ramón Castro Jijón (15 November 1915 – 1 November 1984) was an Ecuadorian politician. He was the President of Ecuador from 11 July 1963 to 29 March 1966. He was appointed commander of the Ecuadorian Navy by Carlos Julio Arosemena Monroy. He later overthrew Arosemena in a military coup. For his entire term as President he was chairman of a military junta.


Union organizer

A union organizer (or union organiser) is a type of trade union official. In most unions, the organizer's role is to hire groups of workers under the organizing model. In other unions, the organizer's role is largely that of servicing members and enforcing work rules, similar to the role of a shop steward. In some unions, organizers may also take on industrial/legal roles such as making representations before Fair Work Australia, tribunals, or courts.

In North America, a union organizer is a union representative who "organizes" or unionizes non-union companies or work sites. Organizers are mainly there to help non-union workers in forming groups of locals, usually by leading them in their efforts.

A union organizer is either elected or appointed. Most unions appoint rather than elect their organizers.


Hebei

Hebei (Hanzi: 河北 ; pinyin: Héběi) is a province in China that wraps around the cities of Beijing and Tianjin, two of China's four "municipalities". The name Hebei means "North of the (Yellow) River" in Chinese. It was formed in 1928 after the central government dissolved Chihli province. The old name, Chihli or Zhili, which means "directly administered" referred to its status under the Qing dynasty. Hebei province borders Liaoning province on the northeast. On the north it borders Inner Mongolia. To the west it borders Shanxi province. It borders the provinces of Henan to the south and Shandong to the southwest. Shijiazhuang is the capital of the province.

The abbreviated name of Hebei is Ji (冀), since there is another province that also has the syllable "He" (河) in it, Henan (河南). Due to Hebei completely surrounding Beijing and Tianjin, the municipalities of Beijing and Tianjin and the province of Hebei are often lumped together and called Jingjinji, with the "Jing" being Beijing, the "Jin" being Tianjin, and the "Ji" being the abbreviation of Hebei.


Drakensberg

Drakensberg (derived from Afrikaans Drakensberge, literally: Dragon mountains) is the highest mountain range in Southern Africa. The highest peak is in Lesotho, where they are called Maloti. The drakensberg are also known for their many waterfalls, and cave paintings done by the San people.UKhahlamba-Drakensberg Park, which was created in 2000, is an UNESCO World Heritage Site which covers part of the range. 

Moodle

Moodle is a free and open-source learning management system written in PHP and distributed under the GNU General Public License. It was designed for education as online learning space.

The name "moodle" stands for "Module Object Oriented Dynamic Learning Environment".

It was developed by Martin Dougiamas.

Moodle has continued to evolve since 1999 (since 2001 with the current architecture). It has been translated into over 100 different languages and is accessible in many countries worldwide. Institutions can add as many Moodle servers as needed without having to pay license fees. The Open University of the UK currently uses a Moodle installation for their 200,000 users while the UK government uses a Moodle installation for their Civil Service Learning platform serving half a million employees.

Thomas Bibb

Thomas Bibb (May 8, 1783 – September 20, 1839) was the second Governor of Alabama. He was born in Amelia County, Virginia in 1783. Bibb was president of the Alabama Senate when his brother, Governor William Wyatt Bibb, died in office on July 10, 1820. The new state constitution specified the president of the senate was next in line as governor. So he took over the rest of his brother's term of office. Bibb served as acting Governor from July 25, 1820 to November 25, 1821. He decided not to run for the governorship again. Bibb was elected to the Alabama House of Representatives in 1828 and 1829. He was the director of the Huntsville branch of the Alabama State Bank. Bibb was married to Parmelia Thompson.

Deaths in February 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in February 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.

































Francisco Flores Pérez

Francisco Guillermo Flores (October 17, 1959 – January 30, 2016) was a Salvadoran politician. He served as President of El Salvador serving from 1999 to 2004 as a member of the conservative Nationalist Republican Alliance (ARENA) replacing Armando Calderón Sol. He was born in Santa Ana, El Salvador. At the time of his death, Flores was being investigated for corruption charges.

Flores died on January 30, 2016, at the age of 56. He died in a hospital in San Salvador from a Cerebral hemorrhage after having surgery to treat it.


Councillor

A councillor is a member of a local government council. In the United Kingdom all local authorities are overseen by elected councillors. In England, Wales and Northern Ireland, most larger borough, unitary authority or county councils pay their councillors basic allowances and pay for their expenses.

Councilmember, councilman, councilwoman, councilor, or councillor is a title for a member of a council used in the United States.


District health authority

A district health authority was a division of the National Health Service in England and Wales. It was introduced by the National Health Service Reorganisation Act 1973. It was created in 1974 and disestablished in 1996. There were 205 when they were established in 1974, but some were later merged. In 1979 there were 199.

The district health authority worked alongside a Family Health Services Authority, which was responsible for managing primary care services such as general practice, pharmacy and dentistry. The districts were reorganised on a number of occasions in the 1990s. In 1996 new single-tier health authorities replaced districts and areas and the regions were again reorganised. In 2002, Health Authorities were replaced by Primary Care Trusts.

National Union of Tailors and Garment Workers

The National Union of Tailors and Garment Workers (NUTGW) was a trades union in the United Kingdom. The union was founded as the Tailors and Garment Workers' Union (T&GWU) in 1920. In 1932, it was joined by the Amalgamated Society of Tailors and Tailoresses and renamed itself as the "National Union of Tailors and Garment Workers". The NUTGW had 118,700 members in 1945, making it the tenth largest union in Britain. The NUTGW merged into the General, Municipal, Boilermakers and Allied Trades Union in 1991.

Harringay

Harringay (pronounced ) is a housing area in the London Borough of Haringey in north London, in England. It is centred on the section of Green Lanes running between the New River, where it crosses Green Lanes by Finsbury Park, and Duckett's Common, near Turnpike Lane.

2015 Labour Party leadership election (UK)

The 2015 Labour Party leadership election was election to choose the leader of the Labour Party in the United Kingdom. It won by Jeremy Corbyn. The election was held because Ed Miliband resigned on 8 May 2015, after the party's defeat at the 2015 general election. Harriet Harman, the Deputy Leader, became Acting Leader but announced that she would resign after the leadership election.

Four candidates were successfully nominated to stand in the election: Andy Burnham, Yvette Cooper, Jeremy Corbyn and Liz Kendall. The voting process began on Friday 14 August 2015 and closed on Thursday 10 September 2015. The results were announced on Saturday 12 September 2015. Voting was by Labour Party members and registered supporters. They voted using the alternative vote system.

When Corbyn entered the election, he was considered unlikely to win. However, support for him increased quickly. Opinion polls showed him leading against the other candidates. This led to warnings from people such as Gordon Brown, Tony Blair, Jack Straw, David Miliband, and Alastair Campbell. Many of them claimed that Corbyn's election as leader would leave the party unable to win elections. Corbyn won the election in the first round, with 59.5% of the votes.

Camden New Journal

The Camden New Journal is a free, independent newspaper that covers the London Borough of Camden. It was created because of a strike in the 1980s supported by campaigning journalist Paul Foot, Holborn and St Pancras MP Frank Dobson and the paper's editor Eric Gordon. It has a lot of influence in Camden because of its news content, investigations and high number of readers.

It was named "Free Newspaper of The Year" at the Press Gazette's national industry awards in 2001, 2003, 2005 and 2010. It was nominated in 2002 and 2004.


Annual

Annual may refer to:

Private Finance Initiative

The private finance initiative (PFI) is a way of creating partnerships between the public and private parts of the economy. It involves paying for public building projects (such as infrastructure) with money from private companies. It was created by the governments of Australia and the United Kingdom. It was used there and in Spain. PFI and its variants have now been used in many countries as part of the wider programme of privatisation and financialisation. This has been because of an increased need for accountability and efficiency for the spending of public money. PFI has also been used simply to avoid reporting costs and debt on the balance sheets.

HM Revenue and Customs

Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HM Revenue and Customs or HMRC) is a non-ministerial department of the United Kingdom Government. It is responsible for the collection of taxes, the payment of some types of welfare, and the management of other regulations such as the minimum wage.

HMRC was formed when the Inland Revenue and Her Majesty's Customs and Excise were combined. This happened on 18 April 2005. The department's logo is the St Edward's Crown enclosed within a circle.

Senegambia

Senegambia was a region of West Africa occupying the area of present day Senegal and Gambia. The 20th century 
Senegambia Confederation, was a loose confederation between Senegal and Gambia. The term Senegambia was used by the British as early as 1765. They used it to refer to their settlements on the islands off the coast of present day Senegal. The modern use of the term Senegambia means the region that includes both Senegal and Gambia.

There is little known about the early history of the area. By about 1000 AD the Soninke, Mandinka and Fula peoples had formed settlements along the Gambia River. The Toucouleur people were settled in east and central Senegal. Kingdoms such as the Jolof and the Sere settled in the area north of the Gambia River. The first Europeans, Portuguese sailors, arrived about 1455. Portugal controlled the area between the Sénégal and Gambia Rivers until the British, Dutch and French moved into the area. They traded goods such as salt, iron, guns and gunpowder for gold, ivory, ebony and slaves. 
About 24% of the African slaves brought to America, were from Senegambia. The Africans from Senegambia were found nearly everywhere in the United States before the American Civil War, both in the North and South.Senegambia was strongly Muslim. This means that many African slaves in the US had been exposed to Islam much more than the rest of the Americas. 

Because of the need for field workers up to two-thirds of Africans taken captive were men. In the Senegambia region due to the high demand by buyers, men and boys were taken from all over the region. Women, however, being in less demand, were taken from the easily accessed coastal areas. Most of them belonged to the Jolof people and so, unlike the men, they had a common language. Due to the fear of slaves revolting, men were kept below decks and in chains. Women were usually kept on deck and were sometimes allowed to move around. Some historians say that it was the women who organized many of the slave uprisings at sea. 

Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Act 2013

The Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Act 2013 (c. 30) is an Act passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It legalises same-sex marriage in England and Wales.

After the 2010 General Election, in September 2011, Liberal Democrat Parliamentary Under-Secretary for Equalities, Lynne Featherstone, announced they would try to make same-sex marriage legal from March 2012. The session closed in June 2012 and, in December 2012, the new Minister for Women and Equalities, Maria Miller, announced that the Government would be introducing a law before the next election. She also said that they were trying to get this done within parliament's current session. 

The Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill was introduced into Parliament on 24 January 2013. The leaders of the three main political parties in the United Kingdom gave their MPs a free vote. This means they would not be made to vote in favour or against it; they could vote however they wanted.

Labour Briefing

Labour Briefing is a monthly political magazine made by members of the British Labour Party. The magazine was started in 1980 as London Labour Briefing.

Throughout the 1990s, "London Labour Briefing" lost supporters and influence as New Labour's hold over the Labour Party increased. This was also because control inside the Labour Party was centralised, and the role played by activists was reduced.

"London Labour Briefing" was renamed "Labour Briefing" and was then known as "Labour Left Briefing". In 2008 it was changed back to "Labour Briefing" on merging with "Voice of the Unions". It supports the Socialist Campaign Group of Members of Parliament, and aims to promote and build the network of local Campaign Groups.

Parliamentary select committees of the United Kingdom

A parliamentary select committee in the United Kingdom can be appointed from the House of Commons, like the Foreign Affairs Select Committee; from the House of Lords, or as a joint committee of Parliament drawn from both of them. Some of the committees are near-permanent and some are set up for some special work and then stop. Most of the Commons committees look at the work of government departments and agencies but the Lords committees mostly look at big subjects. 

Committees may be nearly permanent), or as "ad-hoc" committees with a specific timeline by which to complete their work, after which they stop existing, such as the recent Lords Committee on Public Service and Demographic Change.

Both Houses have their own committees to review drafts of European Union directives: the European Union Committee in the House of Lords, and the European Scrutiny Committee in the House of Commons.

Department for Social Security

The Department of Social Security (DSS) was a government department in the United Kingdom. 

The department was created in 1988. The Department of Health and Social Security was divided into two departments, one of which was the DSS. During 2001, the department was largely replaced by the Department for Work and Pensions. The other responsibilities of the department were assumed by the Treasury and the Ministry of Defence. 

London Regional Select Committee

The London Regional Select Committee was one of nine regional select committees of the House of Commons in the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The House of Commons agreed to create the committee on 25 June 2009, after committees for the eight other regions of England were created in November 2008. 'Regional ministers' were appointed by Gordon Brown when he was made Prime Minister in June 2007. The committee was created on 1 January 2009. It ceased to exist upon the dissolution of Parliament on 12 April 2010.

Justice Select Committee

The Justice Select Committee is a committee made up of a small number of members of the British House of Commons. The committee looks at the policy, management and spending of the Ministry of Justice. It also looks at the work of the Law Officers of the Crown, the Serious Fraud Office, and the Crown Prosecution Service. It gives reports with opinions and advice.

The committee also reviews draft Sentencing Guidelines issued by the Sentencing Guidelines Council.

15 February 2003 anti-war protests

On February 15, 2003, there was a day of protests across the world. The protests were to express people's opposition to the imminent invasion of Iraq. They were held in more than 600 cities. It was part of a series of protests and political events that had begun in 2002 and continued as the war took place. Social movement researchers have described the 15 February protest as "the largest protest event in human history."

Sources vary in their estimations of the number of participants involved. According to BBC News, between six and eleven million people took part in protests in up to sixty countries over the weekend of the 15th and 16th. Other estimates range from eight million to thirty million.

Some of the largest protests took place in Europe. The protest in Rome involved around three million people, and is listed in the 2004 "Guinness Book of World Records" as the largest anti-war rally in history. Madrid hosted the second largest rally with more than 1.5 million people protesting the invasion of Iraq; Mainland China was the only major region not to see any protests on that day, but small demonstrations, attended mainly by foreign students, were seen later.

Iraq Inquiry

The Iraq Inquiry is a public inquiry into the United Kingdom's role in the Iraq War. It is also called the Chilcot Inquiry after its chairman, Sir John Chilcot.

The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The original announcement was that the inquiry would take place in private. This decision was later reversed after receiving criticism in the media and the House of Commons.

On 6 July 2016, Sir John Chilcot announced the report's publication, more than seven years after the inquiry was announced. It referred to as the Chilcot report by the news media, the document stated that Saddam Hussein was not an urgent threat and that the Iraq War was not necessary. 

Andrew Murray (trade unionist)

Andrew Murray (born 1958) is a British campaigner and journalist. He was Chair of the Stop the War Coalition from its formation in 2001 until September 2011, and again from September 2015 after Jeremy Corbyn resigned.

Murray has been a senior official for several trade unions over many years.

All-party parliamentary group

An all-party parliamentary group (APPG) is a grouping in the British Parliament that is made up of politicians from all political parties.

If a parliament consists of both a lower house and an upper house, all-party parliamentary groups can usually include members of both houses. In the British Parliament, for example, APPGs include members of the House of Commons and the House of Lords.

In the British Parliament, an associate parliamentary group is similar to an all-party parliamentary group except that it is made up of not only members of the House of Commons or Lords but can also include members from outside Parliament.

Chagossians

The Chagossians (also Îlois or Chagos Islanders) are people who previously lived on the Chagos Islands. They are of African, Indian and Malay ancestry. They lived on Diego Garcia, Peros Banhos and the Salomon island chain, as well as other islands. They were forcibly removed from the islands by the British government in the late 1960s and early 1970s. This was done at the request of the United States government, so that Diego Garcia could become a military base. Most Chagossians now live in Mauritius and the United Kingdom. No Chagossians live in the Chagos Islands anymore, as it is now the site of the military base Camp Justice.

The Chagossians are mostly descended from African people, particularly from Madagascar, Mozambique and Mauritius. There is also a significant proportion of Indian and Malay ancestry. The French brought some to the Chagos islands as slaves from Mauritius in 1786. Others arrived as fishermen, farmers, and coconut plantation workers during the 19th century.

The Chagossians speak Chagossian Creole, a creole language based on French. It has words that come from various African and Asian languages. It is part of the Bourbonnais Creole family. Chagossian Creole is still spoken by some of their descendants in Mauritius and Seychelles. Chagossian people living in the UK speak English.

On 22 May 2019, the UN General Assembly adopted a resolution [86] asking the United Kingdom to surrender the Chagos Archipelago to Mauritius within six months.

Chagos Archipelago

The Chagos Archipelago ( or ) or Chagos Islands (formerly the Bassas de Chagas, and later the Oil Islands) is a group of seven atolls in the Indian Ocean. The atolls are made up of more than 60 individual islands. The islands are located about south of Maldives.
The International community has a strong consensus that the islands are part of Mauritius, but nevertheless, they remain illegally occupied by the United Kingdom, which rents out the islands to the US for a military base.

On 25 February 2019, in an advisory opinion, the International Court of Justice found that the United Kingdom illegally separated the Chagos Archipelago from Mauritius after its independence in 1968. 

The UN General Assembly adopted a resolution on May 22, 2019, commanding Great Britain to return the Chagos Archipelago to the Republic of Mauritius within six months, which would allow Chagossians to recover their land, but Great Britain refused to comply.


Brighton hotel bombing

The Brighton hotel bombing was an attack at the Grand Hotel in Brighton, England. It happened on 12 October 1984. A time bomb was planted in the hotel by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (PIRA) member Patrick Magee. The purpose was to kill Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her ministers, who were staying at the hotel for the Conservative Party conference. Patrick Magee, an IRA volunteer, stayed in the hotel under the pseudonym "Roy Walsh" on the weekend of 14–17 September. During his stay, he planted the bomb under the bath in his room.

The bomb brought down a five-ton chimney stack, which crashed down through the floors into the basement.

Thatcher narrowly escaped injury. Five people were killed, including the Deputy Chief Whip Sir Anthony Berry, and 31 were injured. Margaret Tebbit, wife of Norman Tebbit had to use a wheelchair for the rest of her life.

At 4am Thatcher gave an impromptu interview to the BBC saying that the conference would go on as usual. Marks & Spencer opened early at 8:00 am so those who had lost their clothes in the bombing could purchase replacements.

The bombing was called "the most audacious attack on a British government since the Gunpowder Plot". It "marked the end of an age of comparative innocence. From that day forward, all party conferences in this country have become heavily defended citadels".

Flexagon

In geometry, a flexagon is a flat model, usually made by folding a piece of paper, so that when 'flexed' (folded), one or more hidden faces will be revealed (shown) from within the model.

Flexagons are usually square or rectangular (tetraflexagons) or hexagonal (hexaflexagons). A prefix can be added to the name to show the number of faces that the model can display, including the two faces (back and front) that are visible before flexing. For example, a hexaflexagon with a total of six faces is called a hexahexaflexagon.

Arthur H. Stone, a British man, is said to have first discovered the flexagon in 1939. At the time, he was a student at Princeton University in the United States. His new American paper would not fit in his English binder so he cut off the ends of the paper and began folding them into different shapes. One of these formed a trihexaflexagon. 

Other students became interested in these shapes. They included Bryant Tuckerman, Richard Feynman, and John Tukey. Together, they formed the Princeton Flexagon Committee. Tuckerman worked out a topological method, called the "Tuckerman traverse", for revealing all the faces of a flexagon.

Flexagons were introduced to the general public by the recreational mathematician Martin Gardner in 1956. He wrote about in the first "Mathematical Games" column that he wrote for "Scientific American" magazine.

In 1955, Russell Rogers and Leonard D'Andrea of Homestead Park, Pennsylvania applied for a patent. In 1959 they were granted U.S. Patent number 2,883,195 for the hexahexaflexagon, under the title "Changeable Amusement Devices and the Like." 

Their patent imagined possible ways that the device could be used as a toy, an device for advertising, or as a device for learning about geometry." A few such novelties were produced by the Herbick & Held Printing Company in Pittsburgh. The device, marketed as the "Hexmo", were not very successful.

Schlager music

Schlager music is a kind of pop music, where the text often talks about sentiments. Schlager started with operetta music, at the end of the 19th century. In the 1920s, Jazz music influenced it. Musically, Schlager music often has simple structures. Very often, Schlager songs are commercially successful. 

Serotonin syndrome

Serotonin syndrome, also known as serotonin poisoning, serotonin sickness, and many other names, is a medical condition that can happen if there is too much serotonin in your brain or other parts of your nervous system. Serotonin syndrome can be mild (doesn't make you very sick), but in rare situations, it can kill you. Serotonin syndrome can happen if you use some drugs that can increase the amount of serotonin in your nervous system. Some examples of drugs that can make you have serotonin syndrome are antidepressants, opioids, CNS stimulants, 5-HT agonists (a drug that changes the receptors of serotonin), psychedelics, herbs, and many others.

Keith Morrison

Keith Morrison (born July 2, 1947) is a Canadian broadcast journalist. He has been a writer for "Dateline NBC" since 1995. In 1988 he joined NBC News as a west coast writer for the "NBC Nightly News" and "Today Show".


Bill Nelson

Clarence William "Bill" Nelson II (born September 29, 1942) is an American politician and astronaut. Nelson is the 14th and current Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration since May 2021. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the United States Senator from Florida from 2001 to 2019. He lost his re-election campaign in 2018 to Republican Governor Rick Scott.

He was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1972 to 1978 and in the United States House of Representatives from 1979 to 1991. In January 1986, he became the second sitting member of Congress to fly in space, after Jake Garn. He was a payload specialist on the Space Shuttle "Columbia".

Nelson retired from Congress in 1990 to run for Governor of Florida, but was lost the Democratic nomination to Lawton Chiles.

In March 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Nelson to be Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in his administration.

Nelson was born in Miami, Florida. He was raised in Melbourne, Florida. Nelson studied at the University of Florida, Yale University and at the University of Virginia.

Nelson began his career in the Florida House of Representatives, where he served from 1973 to 1979. He then served in the United States House of Representatives from 1979 to 1991.

In January 1986, Nelson became the second sitting member of the United States Congress to fly in space along with John Glenn. He flew as a Payload Specialist on the Space Shuttle "Columbia".

He served in the United States Senate, serving Florida from 2001 to 2019.

In the U.S. Senate, he was a centrist and a moderate Democrat. Nelson supported same-sex marriage, lowering taxes on lower and middle income families, expanding environmental programs and regulation, protecting the Affordable Care Act and expanding Medicaid.

Nelson chaired the Senate Aging Committee from 2013 to 2015, and was Ranking Member of the Senate Commerce Committee from 2015 to 2019.

Nelson lost re-election in 2018 to Republican Rick Scott by 0.1%.

On February 22, 2021, reports emerged that President Joe Biden was considering nominating Nelson to be the NASA Administrator. Biden officially nominated Nelson on March 19, 2021 to the position.

His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on April 29, 2021 by a unanimous voice vote.

In 1972, Nelson married Grace Cavert. The couple have two adult children: Charles William "Bill Jr." Nelson, and Nan Ellen Nelson. He has suffered from prostate cancer.

Gail Halvorsen

Colonel Gail Seymour "Hal" Halvorsen (October 10, 1920 – February 16, 2022) was an American career officer and command pilot in the United States Air Force. He was well known as the original Candy Bomber or the "Rosinenbomber" in Germany and a recipient of the Congressional Gold Medal. He piloted C-47s and C-54s during the Berlin airlift ("Operation Vittles") from 1948–1949.

Halvorsen was born in Salt Lake City, Utah. In October 2020, he turned 100. Halvoersen died at a hospital in Provo, Utah on February 16, 2022 from respiratory failure at the age of 101.


Władysław Szpilman

Władysław "Wladek" Szpilman (; 5 December 19116 July 2000) was a Polish pianist and classical composer.

Szpilman is known as the main character of the Roman Polanski movie "The Pianist" (2002). This movie is based on the book of the same name. It recounts Polanski's survival of the German occupation of Warsaw and the Holocaust.

Szpilman died in Warsaw, Poland on 6 July 2000 at the age of 88.


Dewlap

A dewlap is a flap of skin that hangs beneath the neck of many animals. 
It can also be used to mean other things such as a double chin on a person or the vocal sac of a frog. The term dewlap can also be used to mean a "caruncle", defined as "a small, fleshy excrescence that is a normal part of an animal's anatomy". At times the appearance of a dewlap indicates a stage in an animal's development. For example, the appearance of a dewlap on a female rabbit indicates she is of breeding age.

Radio galaxy

Radio galaxies and their relatives, radio-loud quasars and blazars, are types of active galaxy that are very luminous at radio wavelengths. They have luminosities up to 10 W between 10 MHz and 100 GHz. 

The radio emission is due to the synchrotron process. The observed structure in radio emission is determined by the interaction between twin jets and the external medium, modified by the effects of relativistic beaming. Radio galaxies are almost exclusively large elliptical galaxies. "Radio-loud" active galaxies can be detected at large distances, making them valuable tools for observation. Recently, much work has been done on the effects of these objects on the intergalactic medium, particularly in galaxy groups and clusters.

Kho people

The Kho people, also known as Chitralis, are an ethnic group in Pakistan, living mainly around the Chitral District. They speak the Khowar language. Their main religion is Sunni Islam. The Kho are excellent mountaineers who seemingly do not get tired or cold when working all day. 

Kho culture places heavy emphasis on poetry, song and dance. Kho people also have a great respect of law and order. Much of this can be attributed to Chitral being a stable kingdom for most of its history, where the rule of law and the will of the ruler came before tribal concepts such as revenge and isolationism.

Polo is a popular sport and pastime for the Kho people. Polo traditionally played by the Kho has little rules or organisation. 

Dance and music play a large role in Kho society. Common clothing include the "salwar kameez" (long tunic and trousers) and headwear includes the pakol (chitrali hat). The song of Nano Begal is a famous folk song from Chitral.

These people speak Khowar language which is an Indo-Aryan language of the Dardic subgroup.

Tony Skyrme

Tony Hilton Royle Skyrme (; 5 December 1922, Lewisham – 25 June 1987) was a British scientist who worked on the atom.
He was born in Lewisham , a suburb of London. His father was a bank clerk. He first went to a school in Lewisham, but was so good at maths that he was given a scholarship (free place) to Eton college.

There he was also good at math and won prizes in the subject. He got a place at Cambridge University and again was better than his fellow students leaving with the best degree, a first class degree.

When he left Cambridge in 1943 World War Two was at its height and he was told by the government to work on atomic energy under another scientist Rudolf Peierls to help win the war.

When America began to secretly build the atomic bomb these two men and a few other Britons went to America to help them achieve their goal. Tony Skyrme did important work towards the two atomic bombs that ended the war.

He then worked back in Britain on studying atoms. He used a way of understanding how atoms work by inventing an atom sized thing called a skyrmion. It is still used today to understand atoms.

Marvel

Marvel may refer to:




Biggin Hill

Biggin Hill is a small town, just on the edge of Greater London.

Biggin Hill has an airport that is famous for being used during World War 2, as well as it's yearly air show.


Skyrmion

A skyrmion is an quantum entity in atomic physics that can occur in some materials like solids and Bose–Einstein condensates. They are made up from a persistent vortex that is a quantum superposition of baryons and resonance states. These vortices behave like particles but are not. They are called quasiparticles and have mass just like a real particle. 

They were first though of mathematically by the British scientist Tony Skyrme in 1962 and named after him in 1982. In 2009 physicists from the Technical University of Munich were able to create and see skyrmions for the first time in a very cold magnetic solid.

Skyrmions are important in the emerging solid state technology of spintronics where they promise data storage at much higher densities than ever before.

Chrono (series)

The Chrono is a series of video games by Square Enix. The original game, "Chrono Trigger", was released in 1995. The games are role-playing games. The other major game in the series is "Chrono Cross". As of March 2011, the two games have sold over 5.3 million units.

Raid at Cabanatuan

The Raid at Cabanatuan, also known as The Great Raid, was a rescue of Allied prisoners of war (POWs) and civilians from a Japanese prisoner of war camp near Cabanatuan City, in the Philippines. With the landing and advance of General Douglas MacArthur in late 1944, it was feared the Japanese would move the prisoners to Japan or kill them. On January 30, 1945, during World War II, United States Army Rangers, Alamo Scouts, and Filipino guerrillas liberated 511 prisoners from the camp. The daring raid is still studied by Army Rangers today as a classic example.

After the Attack on Pearl Harbor by the Empire of Japan on December 7, 1941, the United States declared war on Japan and its allies. At the same time the Japanese also attacked the American bases at Guam, Wake Island and the Philippines. While Guam and Wake Island soon fell, Filipino and U.S. forces resisted in the Philippines until early May 1942. By this time, the Japanese controlled nearly all of Southeast Asia. The Bataan peninsula and the island of Corregidor were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region. On April 9, 1942 about 11,800 American, 66,000 Filipino and 1,000 Chinese-Filipinos surrendered to the Japanese. They were starving, sick and fatigued, yet were forced to march 60 miles (97 km) with many dying along the way. This was the infamous Bataan Death March. Many also escaped and joined guerrilla forces hiding in the mountains. About 79,000 survived and were imprisoned at Camp O'Donnell. The American and Filipino forces on Island of Corregidor surrendered on May 6, 1942. The approximately 79,000 forces captured on Corregidor were not a part of the Death March. They were loaded onto cargo ships and taken to Manila. There they were marched through the streets as a celebration of the Japanese victory. They were then sent to Cabanatuan camp number 1 near Cabanatuan city. They were joined by other American prisoners from Camp O'Donnell.

By January of 1945, after nearly three years at the camp, nearly 3,000 prisoners had died. The camp measured about by and was enclosed by 3 barbed wire fences, each high. There were guard towers outside the fence. The prisoners were kept in 8 barracks originally designed to house 40 soldiers, but were used to hold 120 prisoners each. Conditions at the camp in 1942 were terrible with mosquitoes that carried malaria and flies that spreading dysentery. Many prisoners were murdered by the guards. Local Filipinos smuggled in food and money to bribe the guards. But by 1944 the conditions became worse. The Japanese cut rations and cut down on the smuggling of food to prisoners. They started sending prisoners to camps in Japan and Manchuria in "hellships". By early 1945 just over 500 prisoners were left in Cabanatuan number 1 camp.

On January 9, 1945, American forces led by General Douglas MacArthur invaded Luzon. A few months earlier, Japan had issued a "kill-all" order. Any camp that was in danger of being taken by American forces was to kill all the prisoners. The prisoners at Cabanatuan were not aware of the danger they were in. But MacArthur had become aware of the order. The Japanese had executed all but 11 of 150 prisoners at a POW camp on Palawan, in the Philippines. The 11 managed to escape the massacre by hiding. MacArthur did not want this happening at Cabanatuan. As the Americans came to within from the camp, the prisoners were now in immediate danger. A plan to rescue the prisoners was hastily put together.

One of the units MacArthur had available to him was the 6th Ranger Battalion. Because of their training, they were qualified to operate behind enemy lines. They were commanded by Lieutenant colonel Henry Mucci. In mid-October 1944 they landed ahead of the main American forces to destroy enemy positions and radio stations guarding the entrance to Leyte Gulf. When the 6th Army landed at Luzon, the 6th Ranger Battalion was with them. As the 6th Army moved into central Luzon, General Walter Krueger, commander of the 6th Army, learned about the camp from American officers who had remained in Luzon with the Filipino guerrillas.

Not only was the camp 30 miles behind enemy lines, it had a large number of Japanese troops in the area. The POW camp at Cabanatuan itself was also housing Japanese troops. Mucci put together a force made up of Rangers and two teams of Alamo Scouts. The total force would be 8 officers and 120 enlisted men. All the men carefully studied aerial photographs, maps and diagrams showing the objectives and rendezvous points. The two teams of Alamo Scouts left on January 27 to connect with local guerilla forces and keep the camp under close surveillance. The Rangers would join them just before the attack. On January 29 the Rangers met up with Filipino guerillas five miles north of the camp. Mucci received reports of heavy Japanese troop movements in the area. The raid was put on hold for 24 hours. He learned there were 90 guards in the camp but also a force of 150 soldiers were staying there temporarily. Mucci arranged to have 50 oxcarts ready near the river to carry the prisoners too weak to walk. The raid was now planned for January 30 as night began to fall. Mucci also found a major asset in Filipino Captain Juan Pajota. He knew the area well and he was the one to warn Mucci to wait 24 hours until some of the Japanese moved on.

On the evening of the raid, Filipino guerrillas cut the Japanese phone lines to Manila. They then blocked the two roads passing the camp to prevent other Japanese units from helping the camp guards. The Rangers had to crawl about a mile through an open field. To prevent the guards from seeing them when they got close, Mucci had arranged for a P-61 night fighter to fly over the camp and distract the guards. They split up to attack the front and back gates to the compound. The force broke into the camp and quickly killed the guards. The problems started when the prisoners hid from their rescuers. Not recognizing the uniforms they thought the shooting meant they were all being killed. They finally convinced the prisoners to go with them. One British civilian prisoner hid from his rescuers and did not go with them. But he was picked up by the Filipino guerrillas and taken to safety. One prisoner died of a heart attack during the rescue. The Filipinos and Alamo Scouts held off the Japanese while the Rangers got the prisoners to the carts to haul them to safety. There were 6 Rangers who acted as a rearguard and were the last to leave the camp. They came under fire from the Japanese killing one of the Rangers. At the river a guerrila doctor treated the wounded and Filipinos from nearby villages gave the prisoners food and water. The Rangers with the prisoners traveled all night to get back to the American lines. Only two Rangers, Corporal Roy Sweezy and Captain Fisher, were killed in the rescue. The raid was one of the most spectacular and successful rescues in military history. They killed or wounded an estimated 523 Japanese soldiers during the raid while rescuing 511 prisoners.

In 2005 the movie "The Great Raid" was released on the 60th anniversary of VJ day. It was based on the book "The Great Raid on Cabanatuan". The movie had a number of factual errors in it. The plane that flew overhead was a Lockheed Hudson and not a P-61 "Black Widow", which was the actual plane. The camp was not lit up with electric lights as in the movie. No prisoners were executed during the raid. Also many of Rangers, Alamo Scouts and Filipinos were given fictitious names. 


Texas Instruments

Texas Instruments Inc. (TI) is a electronics company that makes semiconductors and other electronics, such as calculators. The company started in 1924 in Tulsa, Oklahoma as "Geophysical Research Corporation", a subsidiary of Amerada Petroleum. In 1930, they started a new independent company called Geophysical Service, Incorporated. It became a subsidiary of General Instruments in 1951. The same year the name was changed to Texas Instruments (TI). The company is headquartered in Dallas, Texas. Today TI is the third largest manufacturer of semiconductors in the world after Intel and Samsung. It is the second largest supplier of chips for cellular handsets after Qualcomm. TI is the largest producer of digital signal processors (DSPs) and analog semiconductors. They also make a wide range of other semiconductor products.

Shah Alam II

Shah Alam II, (25 June 1728 – 19 November 1806) was the eighteenth Mughal Emperor and the son of Alamgir II. He became the emperor of the Mughal Empire; his power was so depleted during his reign that it led to a saying in the Persian language, "Sultanat-e-Shah Alam, Az Dilli ta Palam", meaning, 'The kingdom of Shah Alam is from Delhi to Palam', Palam being a suburb of Delhi.

Battle rap

Battle rap (or rap battling) is a type of rapping that includes boasting and bragging. Rap battles are often performed as live contests in front of an audience. Two or more rappers compete to see who has the better verses. The raps can be rehearsed or freestyled. A freestyle battle is where the rappers use improvised lyrics. Battling can also occur on recorded songs.

Each competitor's goal is to insult their opponent through clever lyrics. They must also convince the audience that they are the better rapper. Judges have been used in formal contests. Without judges, the rapper who receives the best response from the audience is viewed as the winner.

The YouTube channel Epic Rap Battles of History is based on the idea of famous people from history and well-known fictional characters battle rapping

Alley Mills

Alley Mills (born May 9, 1951) is an American actress. She was born in Chicago, Illinois on May 9. Mills has appeared in the television shows "Yes, Dear", "Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman", "Strong Medicine" and "Sabrina the Teenage Witch". She has appeared in theater productions. Mills plays the character Pam Douglas in "The Bold And The Beautiful". 

She met her husband, Orson Bean, at a reading of a play in Los Angeles. They married on April 18, 1993. 


Benoît Violier

Benoît Violier (22 August 1971 – 31 January 2016) was a French-Swiss chef. He owned the three Michelin star Restaurant de l'hôtel de Ville from 2012 until his death. The restaurant was first on La Liste in December 2015.

Violier was born in Saintes, Charente-Maritime. He studied in Paris. He moved to Switzerland in 1996 to work for Philippe Rochat. He became a Swiss citizen in 2014.

Violier was found dead from a gunshot wound on 31 January 2016 in Crissier. He was 44. His death was reported as a suicide.

Death of a Hero

Death of a Hero is a book by Richard Aldington. It was his first novel, published in 1929. It is thought to be partly about his own life. The story is set during World War I.

"Death of a Hero" is the story of a young English artist named George Winterbourne who enlists in the army at the beginning of World War I. The story is told by an unnamed narrator, who speaks in the first person. The narrator claims to have known and served with the main character. The story is divided into three parts.

The first part details George's family history. His father, a middle-class man from England's countryside, marries a poor woman who falsely believes she is marrying into a monied family. After George's birth, his mother has a series of lovers.

George is brought up to be a proper and patriotic member of English society. He is encouraged to learn his father's insurance business, but fails to do so. After a disagreement with his parents, he relocates to London to become an artist and live a socialite lifestyle.

The second section of the book deals with George's London life. He ingrains himself in socialite society and engages a number of trendy philosophies.

After he and his lover, Elizabeth, have a pregnancy scare, they decide to marry. Although they do not have a child, the marriage endures. They decide to leave their marriage open. George takes Elizabeth's close friend as a lover, however, and their marriage begins to fall apart. Just as the situation is becoming particularly heated, England declares war on Germany. George decides to enlist.

George trains for the army and is sent to France. (No particular location in France is mentioned. The town behind the front where George spends much of his time is referred to as M---.) He fights on the front for some time. When he returns home, he finds that he has been so affected by the war that he cannot relate to his friends, including his wife and lover.

The casualty rate among officers is particularly high at the front. When a number of officers in George's unit are killed, he is promoted. Upon spending time with the other officers, he finds them to be cynical and utilitarian. He loses faith in the war quickly.

The story ends with George standing up during a machine-gun barrage. He is killed.

At the end of the book there is a poem written from the point of view of a veteran comparing World War I to the Trojan War.

Aldington was a veteran of World War I. He claimed that his novel was accurate in terms of speech and style. It contains a lot of colloquial speech, including profanity, discussion of sexuality and graphic descriptions of the war and of life in the trenches. There was extensive censorship in England and many war novels had been banned or burned as a result. When Aldington first published his novel, he removed or changed a number of sentences in order to make sure the book was published. He insisted that his publishers include a disclaimer in the original printing of the book with the following text:
To my astonishment, my publisher informed me that certain words, phrases, sentences, and even passages, are at present taboo in England. I have recorded nothing which I have not observed in human life, said nothing I do not believe to be true. [...] At my request the publishers are removing what they believe would be considered objectionable, and are placing asterisks to show where omissions have been made. [...] In my opinion it is better for the book to appear mutilated than for me to say what I don't believe. 

Lewis V. Baldwin

Lewis V. Baldwin (born 1949) is a professor of religious studies at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee. He is an award-winning historian and author of a number of books on Martin Luther King, Jr.

He was born and raised in Camden, Alabama. In 1971 he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in History. Baldwin studied at Colgate Rochester Crozer Divinity School from 1971 to 1975. He received his Master of Arts degree in 1973. In 1975 he received his Master of Divinity degree in Theology. In the autumn of 1975 he entered the Ph.D. at Northwestern University. He completed his degree in 1980. In 1978 he was ordained a minister in Greenville Alabama by his father, Pastor L. V. Baldwin, Sr. On June 16, 1987, Baldwin became a deacon in the United Methodist Church.

Dr. Baldwin taught at the College of Wooster in Wooster, Ohio. He has also taught at Colgate University and Colgate Rochester Crozer Divinity School in New York. He was a professor at Fisk University and American Baptist College in Nashville before coming to Vanderbilt University. He lives in Nashville, Tennessee.

Dr. Baldwin is the author of over 60 articles and several books. These include:

He received the "American Theological Library Association Award" for his book ""Invisible" Strands". Baldwin won the "Midwest Book Achievement Award" of the Midwest Independent Publishers Association. This was for his book "A Balm in Gilead".


Little owl

The little owl ("Athene noctua") is a bird that lives in the temperate and warmer parts of Europe, Asia (east to Korea), and North Africa. It was introduced into Britain at the end of the nineteenth century, and into the South Island of New Zealand in the early twentieth century.

This owl is a member of the Strigidae, which contains most species of owl. The other group is the barn owls, Tytonidae. 

The little owl is a small, mainly nocturnal species. It is found in a range of habitats such as farmland, woodland fringes, steppes and semi-deserts. It is camouflaged, and especially hard to see if the background is wood or stone covered with lichen. It feeds on insects, earthworms, other invertebrates and small vertebrates such as mice and shrews. 

Males have territories which they defend against intruders. This owl is a cavity nester and a clutch of about four eggs is laid in spring. The female does the incubation and the male brings food to the nest, first for the female and later for the newly hatched young. As the chicks grow, both parents hunt and bring them food, and the chicks leave the nest at about seven weeks of age.

There are thirteen recognized subspecies of little owl spread across Europe and Asia.

UBS

UBS AG is a Swiss finance company. It is an investment bank. 60,000 people work with them in total around the world. The headquarters are in Zürich.

Hilda Heine

Hilda Heine (born April 6, 1951) is a Marshallese politician. She was the eighth President of the Marshall Islands, serving from January 28, 2016 to January 13, 2020. In 2024, she was elected again as president for a second non-consecutive term. 

Stop consonant

Stops or plosives are consonant sounds that are formed by completely stopping airflow. 

Stop sounds can be voiceless, like the sounds /p/, /t/, and /k/, or voiced, like /b/, /d/, and /g/. In phonetics, a plosive consonant is made by blocking a part of the mouth so that no air can pass through. Pressure builds up behind the block, and when the air is allowed to pass through again, a sound is created. This sound is the plosive consonant. The blocking is usually done using the tongue, the lips or the throat. Plosives can be voiced or voiceless. 

, , are voiceless plosives.

, , are voiced plosives. 


George P. Bush

George Prescott Bush (born April 24, 1976) is an American attorney, United States Navy Reserve officer, real estate investor and politician. He serves as the Commissioner of the Texas Land General Office. He is the oldest child of Florida Governor Jeb Bush. He is also the grandson of former President George H.W. Bush and the nephew of former President George W. Bush.

Bush was born in Houston, Texas.

Aramaic alphabet

The Aramaic alphabet was originally adapted from the Phoenician alphabet about the 8th century BC. It was first used to write the Aramaic language. It was also used to write several other languages and alphabets including the Hebrew square script. It was also developed into the Nabataean, Syriac and Mongolian writing systems, among others. The modern Arabic alphabet is also descended from the Aramaic alphabet. 

The Aramaic alphabet contains 22 characters used mainly to indicate consonants. However, some symbols can be used to indicate long vowels. By comparison the later Hebrew and Arabic scripts use only consonants. Hebrew uses 22; Arabic 28.


<br>

Eveline Widmer-Schlumpf

Eveline Widmer-Schlumpf (born 16 March 1956) is a Swiss politician. She was in office from 1985 to 2015. She was the President of the Swiss Confederation in 2012. She studied law at the University of Zürich.


Eric Garcetti

Eric Michael Garcetti (born February 4, 1971) is an American politician who is the United States Ambassador to India since 2023. He had served as mayor of Los Angeles from 2013 to 2022. He is a former member of the Los Angeles City Council, representing the 13th District. He served as Council President from 2006 to 2012.

He is a member of the Democratic Party. Garcetti won an election to become mayor on May 21, 2013. He defeated city Controller Wendy Greuel. Garcetti was the city's first elected Jewish mayor and its youngest in more than a hundred years.

In May 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Garcetti to be the United States Ambassador to India. In May 2022, his nomination was put on hold while an investigation is being made about how Garcetti handled sexual harassment claims against his top mayoral aides. On May 22, 2022, U.S. Senate leader Chuck Schumer said that Garcetti did not have enough votes to have his nomination passed by the Senate. 

Biden renominated Garcetti in January 2023. His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate by a 52–42 vote.

Garcetti was born in Los Angeles and was raised in the Encino neighborhood of Los Angeles. His father, Gil Garcetti, is a lawyer and was the Los Angeles District Attorney during the O. J. Simpson murder case. He studied at Columbia University and at Queen's College, Oxford.

Garcetti is a photographer, jazz pianist, and composer. In 2009, he married his longtime girlfriend Amy Elaine Wakeland. They have one daughter, Maya Juanita, who was adopted. Garcetti and his wife have also fostered seven children.

Richard Riordan

Richard Joseph "Dick" Riordan (May 1, 1930 – April 19, 2023) was an American investment banker, businessman, investor and politician. He served as the 39th Mayor of Los Angeles, California from 1993 to 2001. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Riordan was born in New York City. He died at his Brentwood home on April 19, 2023, at the age of 92.

Tom Bradley

Thomas J. "Tom" Bradley (December 29, 1917September 29, 1998) was an American politician. He was the 38th Mayor of Los Angeles. He served from 1973 to 1993. He was the only African-American mayor of that city. His 20 years in office mark the longest time by any mayor in the city's history.

He became mayor after an election in 1973. It made him the second African-American mayor of a major U.S. city. Bradley retired in 1993. His approval ratings had begun dropping because of the 1992 Los Angeles riots.

Bradley ran for Governor of California in 1982 and 1986. He was defeated each time by the Republican George Deukmejian. In 1985, he was awarded the Spingarn Medal from the NAACP.

Bradley died on September 29, 1998 in Los Angeles. He died from a stroke caused by a heart attack. He was aged 80.


Roman Gribbs

Roman Stanley Gribbs (December 29, 1925 – April 5, 2016) was an American politician. He was the Mayor of Detroit from 1970 to 1974. Later, Gribbs served as a judge on the Michigan Court of Appeals.

Dave Bing

David Bing (born November 24, 1943) is an American businessman, retired basketball player, and former mayor. He was mayor of Detroit, Michigan from 2009 to 2013.

After starring at Syracuse University, Bing played 12 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a guard for the Detroit Pistons (1966 to 1975), Washington Bullets (1975 to 1977) and Boston Celtics (1977–78). He is now in the Basketball Hall of Fame.

Bing entered Detroit politics as a Democrat in 2008. He announced his intentions to run for mayor in Detroit's non-partisan primary to finish the term of Kwame Kilpatrick. Kilpatrick had resigned during a corruption investigation. After winning the primary, Bing then defeated interim Mayor Kenneth Cockrel, Jr. and was sworn in as mayor in May 2009. Later that year, Bing was re-elected to a full term.

Mike Duggan

Michael Edward "Mike" Duggan (born July 15, 1958) is an American lawyer, prosecutor and businessman. He is serving as mayor of Detroit, Michigan. He was elected mayor in 2013.

He received attention from across the country in part because he is the first white mayor of the city since Roman Gribbs in the early 1970s. Currently, most of the people living in Detroit are African American. This was not the case at the time when Gribbs was mayor.

Mohammad Salimi

Mohammad Salimi (; February 2, 1937 – January 30, 2016) was an Iranian military person. He was born in Mashhad, Iran. He was the commander-in-chief of the Iranian Army. He served in the Iran-Iraq War. He began his career in 1955 and resigned in 2005. Salimi was the defense minister in the cabinet of Mir-Hossein Mousavi, replacing Javad Fakoori. He was in office from 1981 to August 1984.

Paul Pholeros

Paul Pholeros AM (1953 – 1 February 2016) was an Australian architect. He was born in Sydney. He received his Bachelor of Science in Architecture from the University of Sydney in 1974 and Bachelor of Architecture (Hons 1) in 1976. Pholeros created his own architectural practice, Paul Pholeros Architects, in 1984. He was also a director of Healthabitat Pty Ltd.

Pholeros died in Sydney on 1 February 2016 from cancer at the age of 62.

Alejandro Jodorowsky

Alejandro Jodorowsky Prullansky (; 17 February 1929 – 15 September 2022) is a Chilean movie and theatre director, screenwriter, playwright, actor, author, poet, producer, composer, musician, comic book writer. He also gives spiritual advice. He was known for his movies "El Topo" (1970), "The Holy Mountain" (1973), "Tusk" (1980), the horror "Santa Sangre" (1989) and the failed blockbuster "The Rainbow Thief" (1990).

He is best known for his avant-garde movies. He is popular among cult cinema fans for his work. His movies are "filled with violently surreal images" and a mix of "mysticism and religious provocation".

He was born in Tocopilla, Chile.

Graphing calculator

A graphing calculator is a calculator that is specially made to draw graphs. Also, graphing calculators can do many advanced tasks, such as solving equations with one or more variables. Graphing calculators are usually bigger and more expensive than a basic calculator, but can do more. Another feature of most graphing calculators is programmability. This lets anyone program the calculator to do whatever he or she wants.


Fernando Arrabal

Fernando Arrabal Terán (born August 11, 1932) is a Spanish playwright, screenwriter, movie director, novelist and poet. Arrabal was born in Melilla, Spain, but settled in France in 1955. He calls himself "desterrado", which means "half-expatriate, half-exiled".

In 1962, Arrabal co-founded the Panic Movement with Alejandro Jodorowsky and Roland Topor. It was inspired by the god Pan. He was elected Transcendent Satrap of the Collège de Pataphysique in 1990.


Jimmy Wales Foundation

The Jimmy Wales Foundation is a non-profit organization started by Jimmy Wales to promote internet freedom. The organization was established with prize money from the “Knowledge Award”, which was presented to Jimmy and Tim Berners-Lee at the first Knowledge Conference in Dubai.

The organization talks about individual human rights cases of real people who were persecuted. One of the people featured is Bassel Khartabil, formerly from Creative Commons Syria. Bassel was imprisoned in Syria in 2012, and disappeared completely a few years later. Bassel Khartabil has been killed in 2015. Another featured case is Roya Saberinejad, who went to visit her family in Iran, and never returned.
The purpose of the Jimmy Wales Foundation is to stop government censorship and promote freedom of expression on the internet.

The goals of the Jimmy Wales Foundation are to:


Word of mouth

Word of mouth is the passing of information from a person to one or more people in conversation. In the past, it referred only to speech, but now, it can sometimes include online communication. It can be as simple as telling someone what time it is, or it can involve longer stories and news. It is a good way to share information about things that are of interest to a local community, such as businesses, other people, and things that happened in the past.

Oral tradition (also called "oral culture" or "oral lore") is when cultural material is transmitted orally from older people to younger people. This material may include folktales, sayings, songs, or chants. It is a way for things like history, literature, and law to be passed down from generation to generation without a writing system.

Oral history is history that is given by people who lived through historical eras or events. Often, they are interviewed, and it is recorded. Usually, they talk about things that are not part of written history, such as what everyday life was like.

Consumers often talk to their friends about their experiences with a product or a service. This is important for businesses because people are more likely to trust someone they know well.

"Word-of-mouth marketing" happens when a business tries to encourage people to talk about their product. For example, they can offer rewards or suggest that they make posts on social media.

A lot of people think that a lot of word of mouth now happens on the internet. However, studies show that most word of mouth actually happens in spoken conversation.

Ida B. Wells

Ida Bell Wells-Barnett (July 16, 1862 – March 25, 1931), also known as Ida B. Wells, was an African-American journalist, suffragist and women's rights advocate. She was born a slave in Holly Springs, Mississippi during the American Civil War. Wells grew up to become a teacher in Memphis, Tennessee. She became co-owner of a local newspaper "The Free Speech and Headlight". She wrote editorials using the pen name "Iola". Many of her editorials were about the problems of African-Americans in the era of Jim Crow laws. She became a full-time journalist after being dismissed from her teaching job. Wells was an early pioneer in the civil rights movement. In 1909, Wells was one of the founders of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).

Wells is buried at Oak Woods Cemetery in Greater Grand Crossing, Chicago, Illinois.

On May 4, 1884, a train conductor ordered Wells to give up her seat in a nice car and move to a crowded car. At the time, railroad companies were allowed to separate their passengers by race. Wells refused to give up her seat. The conductor and two men dragged her out of the car. Wells fought back and even bit the conductor on the hand. Wells wrote a newspaper article for "The Living Way," an article for black people, about her treatment on the train. She hired a black lawyer to sue the railroad. The railroad paid her lawyer to not work for her, so Wells hired a white lawyer. She won her case on December 24, 1884. The local court granted her a $500 award. The railroad company then took the case to the Tennessee Supreme Court. That court decided against Wells in 1887. Wells was ordered to pay money to the court. She responded saying she felt sad and disappointed because she had hoped that her lawsuit would help her fellow black Americans: "I felt so disappointed because I had hoped such great things from my suit for my people...O God, is there no...justice in this land for us?"

While teaching elementary school, the "Evening Star," a newspaper in Washington, D.C., offered Wells an editorial job. She also wrote weekly articles for "The Living Way" weekly newspaper under the pen name "Iola." She became recognized for writing about the problems black people faced. In 1889, she became co-owner and editor of "Free Speech and Headlight," a newspaper against separation by ethnicity. This newspaper published articles about injustices against black Americans. In 1891, Wells was dismissed from her teaching post by the Memphis Board of Education because of her articles that complained about conditions in the local schools for black students. Wells was sad but she didn't give up. She focused on writing articles for "The Living Way" and "Free Speech and Headlight".

In 1889, Thomas Moss, a friend of Wells, opened the Peoples Grocery. The grocery store did well and competed with a grocery store across the street that was owned by a white man. In 1892, Wells went out of town. While she was gone, a mob of white people invaded her friend's store. During the fight, three white men were shot and injured. Moss and two other black men, named McDowell and Stewart, were arrested and jailed, waiting for their trial. A large mob of white people stormed the jail and killed the three men. After the murder of her friends, Wells wrote in "Free Speech and Headlight," suggesting that blacks leave Memphis altogether: Wells talked about the public nature of the murders. More than 6,000 black people did leave Memphis. Other people decided not to use businesses owned by white people. Some people said they would hurt Wells, so she bought a pistol. She later said that the people who bullied her were mad because she told just a little bit of the truth: "They had made me an exile and threatened my life for hinting at the truth."


PlusLiga

PlusLiga () is the highest level of men's volleyball in Poland. It is a professional league competition for volleyball clubs located in Poland. It is overseen by Profesjonalna Liga Piłki Siatkowej S.A. (PLPS S.A.). There are currently 14 teams in the league. They play a schedule of 26 games from September to March. The regular season is followed by playoffs. The winner earns the Polish Championship () It is one of the best volleyball leagues in Europe. According to the latest rankings of European volleyball leagues, compiled by the Confédération Européenne de Volleyball, the Polish league is ranked second-best.


Italian Volleyball League

The Italian Male Volleyball League is the league that governs professional men's volleyball in Italy. It is structured with several levels of importance; the highest of them is the "SuperLega" (formerly "Serie A1"). Since early 1980s, many among the best volleyball players in the world play in SuperLega and the level of competition is considerably high.


École Centrale Paris

École Centrale Paris (ECP; also known as École Centrale or Centrale) was a French grande école in engineering and science. It is in a campus of Chatenay-Malabry.

Its courses can lead to the following French and European degrees:

Courses are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students at the school come from more than 50 countries.

Most of the 2000 students at École Centrale de Paris live in dedicated housing buildings near to the research labs and metro public transport.

Admission to the "Centralien engineering Programme" at École Centrale de Paris is possible after two or three year scientific undergraduate studies and requires success in either: 

The "Centralien Programme" usually lasts three years and results in a Master's degree. It involves doing work in other countries. Thus undergraduate studies plus the Centralien Programme account for more than a cumulated 300 ECTS credits as applicable in the European education system. Graduate students enrolled in the TIME double degree procedure are required to spend two years at École Centrale de Paris and spend two years in the TIME-partner institute for a total of four years resulting in a double master's degree.


Lovely Professional University

Lovely Professional University (LPU) is a Private University in North India created under the Punjab State Private University Act 2005 and recognized by UGC under Section 2(f) of UGC Act 1956. LPU has been offering more than 200 programs under 40+ disciplines.

LPU is spread across more than 600 acres complete with a state-of-the-art infrastructure. The campus is free from the use of drugs, alcohol and smoking. Even ragging is an offense in the campus. 

Situated at the entrance of Jalandhar City on the National Highway-1, the campus itself look like a planned city with wide roads, gardens and lawns surrounding the residential complexes as well as the buildings for academic purposes. The university campus includes its own backup electricity and water supply, shopping complexes, eating joints, transportation facilities and banking and postal services. For healthcare assistance, the campus has a hospital that operates 24*7.

The campus has four major faculties

"LPU" have residential facilities with capacity for more than 20,000 students. The university provides a range of facilities within the university campus, separately for boys and girls. LPU understand that most of their students are moving away from home for the first time, so they strive to make the transition as smooth as possible. The university has a wide range of accommodation options. Campus entry is controlled by turnstile and there are CCTV surveillance cameras all round to ensure safety and security.

Xenacoelomorpha

Xenacoelomorpha is a proposed grouping of the xenoturbellids and acoelomorph flatworms, suggested by molecular data. It may be a member of the deuterostomes, and may be even more basal in the Bilateria.

Mark Farren

Mark Farren (1 May 1982 – 3 February 2016) was an Irish footballer. He played as a forward for Derry City. He was born in Donegal, Ireland. He played for Finn Harps F.C. from 2000 to 2001, Monaghan United F.C. from 2001 to 2003, Derry City F.C. from 2003 to 2012, and Glenavon F.C. from 2013 to 2014.

Farren died on 3 February 2016 of cancer. He was aged 33.

Alba Solís

Alba Solís (née Ángela Herminia Lamberti; 18 October 1927 – 3 February 2016) was an Argentine singer, actress and vedette. She was born in Buenos Aires. She was known for her roles in "La cigarra está que arde", "Estrellas de Buenos Aires", "De turno con la muerte" and "Escándalo nocturno".

Solís died in Buenos Aires on 3 February 2016 from heart failure. She was aged 88.


Leonel Marshall

Leonel Marshall Borges Jr. (born September 25, 1979 in Havana) is a Cuban volleyball player. He was a member of the Cuban men's national team in 1997–2002. Marshall is an outside hitter. He is well known for his outstanding vertical jump.


Balram Jakhar

Balram Jakhar (23 August 1923 – 3 February 2016) was an Indian politician. He was a member of parliament and served as Governor of Madhya Pradesh from June 2004 to June 2009. Before being governor, Jakhar was the 8th Speaker of the Lok Sabha, serving from January 1980 to November 1989. He was born in Punjab.

Jakhar died from complications of pneumonia on 3 February 2016. He died in Delhi. He was aged 92.


Henry Gibson

Henry Gibson (September 21, 1935 – September 14, 2009) was an American actor, singer and songwriter. He was best known as a cast member of "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In", for his role as Haven Hamilton in "Nashville", for his recurring role as Judge Clark Brown on "Boston Legal", the Illinois Nazi leader in "The Blues Brothers" and as Bob Jenkins in "King of the Hill".


Saulius Sondeckis

Saulius Sondeckis (11 October 1928 – 3 February 2016) was a Lithuanian violinist, conductor, orchestra leader and professor. He founded the Lithuanian Chamber Orchestra in 1960 and was its artistic director and principal conductor until 2004. 

Sondeckis was born in Šiauliai, Lithuania. He studied at Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre. Sondeckis died in Vilnius from a stroke on 3 February 2016. He was aged 87.

Amanda Crew

Amanda Crew (born June 5, 1986) is a Canadian actress. She acts in both movies and television. She played Julie Christensen in "Final Destination 3". She also played Wendy in "The Haunting in Connecticut".

Crew was born in Langley, British Columbia.

Luiz Felipe Lampreia

Luiz Felipe Palmeira Lampreia (19 October 1941 – 2 February 2016) was a Brazilian diplomat and sociologist. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. Lampreia worked at as a professor at Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro. He served as chairman of the Industry Federation of the State of Rio de Janeiro. He created a blog during his later career called "O Globo".

Lampreia died in Rio de Janeiro from a heart attack on 2 February 2016. He was aged 74.

Mere Broughton

Mary Mereiwa Broughton (née Whakaruru, 24 December 1938 – 31 January 2016), known as Mere Broughton, was a New Zealand Māori language activist and unionist. She was born in Hastings, New Zealand.

In the 1970s and 1980s, she worked at Victoria University. She created Te Herenga Waka Marae with her husband, Te Huirangi Waikerepuru, and Wiremu Parker. At the university she became active in union affairs, in the Association of University Staff (now the TEU). In 2010, she became the TEUs first lifetime member. Broughton was on the Tekaumārua, the advisory board to the Māori King, Tuheitia Paki. In 2014, she was part of the New Zealand delegation that sent off the canoes of the Polynesian Voyaging Society, Hōkūle'a and Hikianalia.

Broughton died on 31 January 2016 at her home in Waitara. She died from heart failure. She was aged 79.

Kim Yong-nam

Kim Yong-nam (; born 4 February 1928) is a North Korean politician. He serves as President of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly. He was in this position from 1998 to 2019. Previously, he served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1983 to 1998. He was elected a member of the Presidium of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK) in 2010.

Edward Babiuch

Edward Mikołaj Babiuch (; December 28, 1927 – February 1, 2021) was a Polish politician. He was a member of the Polish United Workers' Party, a Communist party. He was one of four deputy chairmen of the Polish Council of State from 1976 to 1980. Babiuch served as the Prime Minister of Poland in 1980, from February 18 to August 24 of that year.

Babiuch died in Warsaw on February 2, 2021 at the age of 93.

Final Destination 3

Final Destination 3 is a 2006 American horror movie. This is the third movie of the "Final Destination" series.

A high school student named Wendy Christensen visits an amusement park with her boyfriend Jason, best friend Carrie Dreyer and Carrie's boyfriend Kevin for their senior class field trip. When they board the Devil's flight roller coaster, Wendy has a premonition that the roller coaster will have an accident. When Wendy panics, a fight breaks out and several people leave or are forced off the ride. As they leave, the roller coaster goes off its tracks and kills the remaining passengers, including Carrie and Jason.


"Final Destination 3" was released on February 10, 2006 under New Line Cinema. The movie is rated R for violence, profanity and sexual situations.

The movie took in $19,173,094 on its opening weekend. Worldwide, it got $186,187,139.

The movie received mixed reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie a 43% rating.

The movie was nominated at the 33rd Saturn Awards for Best Horror Film and Best DVD Special Edition Release.


Everton Weekes

Sir Everton DeCourcy Weekes, KCMG, GCM, OBE (26 February 1925 – 1 July 2020) was a cricket player for the West Indies. Along with Frank Worrell and Clyde Walcott, he formed what was known as "The Three Ws" of West Indian cricket. He was born in Saint Michael, Barbados.

Weekes began his career in 1948. He scored 88 and 117 runs (retired) and was selected for the tour. He played his first match for Barbados on 24 February 1945. He was aged 19 years; it was one day before his 20th birthday. The match was against Trinidad and Tobago at Queen's Park Oval, Port of Spain. Batting at number six, he scored 0 and eight runs. Barbados lost by ten wickets. He retired in 1958.

Weekes died on 1 July 2020 in Christ Church, Barbados at the age of 95.

Precognition

Precognition (also known as "premonition" or "second sight") is an alleged psychic ability to see events in the future. However, as with most other forms of extra-sensory perception, there is no evidence any person has ever had precognition ability. But it still appears within movies, books and discussions within the parapsychology community. 


CBRNE

CBRNE is an acronym for Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosive materials. These materials are very dangerous, and can hurt many people. When they are used on purpose, CBRNE materials are weapons of mass destruction. However, CBRNE events can also happen accidentally.

A report from the White House in 2011 said "there is no greater danger to the [United States] than a terrorist attack with a weapon of mass destruction." Because CBRNE weapons are so dangerous, countries around the world are working on preventing CBRNE attacks, and learning how to react to them if they do happen.

The main types of chemical weapons are:


International laws make it illegal to use chemical weapons. However, terrorists have ignored these laws. For example, in 1995, terrorists attacked the subway in Tokyo, Japan, with sarin.

The goal of biological weapons is to get as many people sick with infectious diseases as possible. Types of biological weapons include:

In 2001, a terrorist used a biological weapon against the United States by sending letters filled with anthrax through the mail to many different people. Ricin has also been sent through the mail as a biological attack.

A radiological weapon is any kind of weapon that spreads radiation. For example:

In 2006, Alexander Litvinenko, a former Russian spy, was murdered when someone put polonium-210, a radioactive material, in his food.

The White House's report says that there is radiological material all around the world that is not guarded.

N is for Nuclear explosion. This can occur one of two ways Fissure and Fusion. Fissure occurs when an atom is spliced apart forming two new atoms. This causes a discharge of energy. Fusion on the other hand forces two atoms together. The process breaks apart the atoms and fuses them together. The reaction discharges energy. 
Many countries have tested nuclear weapons. World War II, the United States dropped two nuclear bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. 
In Hiroshima, the nuclear bomb destroyed of the city, and killed 60,000 to 80,000 people right away. More people later died from radiation sickness and cancer caused by radiation, so historians think about 135,000 people were killed by the one nuclear bomb that hit Hiroshima.

In Nagasaki, the nuclear bomb created about of heat, and winds as fast as . It killed somewhere between 39,000 and 80,000 people.

The United Nations later made the use of Nuclear weapons illegal which is largely due to the radiation that is brought along with as well as earthquakes and other natural disasters. While true to this day many countries still manufacture these weapons today.

E as in explosives stands for high-yield explosive. High-yield explosive is materials that rapidly release large amounts of energy and produce a pressure shock wave during detonation. 

High-Yield Explosions can occur in labs and hospitals that contain compressed gas. One highly explosive gas is Acetylene which is commonly found under pressure to containment and later use. There are types of liquids like Nitroglycerin that can be subjected to pressure explosion as well.

Examples of accidental CBRNE events include:

Derry, New Hampshire

Derry is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 34,317 at the 2020 census. Although it is a town and not a city, Derry is the fourth most-populous community in the state.

Mike Mansfield

Michael Joseph "Mike" Mansfield (March 16, 1903 – October 5, 2001) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He served as a U.S. Representative (1943–1953) and a U.S. Senator (1953–1977) from Montana. He was the longest-serving Senate Majority Leader, serving from 1961 to 1977.

During his time, he led Great Society programs through the Senate and strongly opposed the Vietnam War.

After retiring from the Senate, Mansfield served as U.S. Ambassador to Japan from 1977 to 1988. On retiring as ambassador, he was awarded the nation's highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom (1989). He won this in part for his role in the resignation of Republican President Richard Nixon. Mansfield is the longest-serving American ambassador to Japan in history.

After his ambassadorship, Mansfield served for a time as a senior adviser on East Asian affairs to Goldman Sachs, the Wall Street investment banking company.

Mansfield died of congestive heart failure in Washington, D.C. on October 5, 2001. He was aged 98.

Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors

Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors () is a South Korean football club from Jeollabuk-do.





Intervertebral disc

An intervertebral disc is a kind of padding between vertebrae in the vertebral column. They are shock absorbers in the spine, and are very important to the health of the spine. The disc is a fibrocartilaginous joint. It allows slight movement of the vertebrae, and acts as a ligament to hold the vertebrae together.

Discs have an outer fibrous ring, made up of both type I and type II collagen. Type I is concentrated towards the edge of the ring where it provides greater strength. The fibrous intervertebral disc contains the "nucleus pulposus" and this helps to distribute pressure evenly across the disc. 

The nucleus pulposus contains loose fibers suspended in a mucoprotein gel. The nucleus of the disc acts as a shock absorber, absorbing impacts and keeping the two vertebrae separated. It is the remnant of the notochord.

Spintronics

Spintronics is a kind of electronics that uses the tiny magnetic fields that come from electrons as well as their electric charge. The word "spintronics" is made up of the words "spin" and "electronics"

In atoms, electrons can be said to go around the nucleus of an atom and possess some spinning energy. They also have their own spin, like a spinning top, which is separate from the atom and they keep even when they are moving freely. There are two ways for something to spin, clockwise and anti-clockwise. In the tiny quantum world the terms 'up' or 'down' are used instead. 

The electron spin of large numbers of electrons plays a role as a source of the magnetism in permanent magnets. In most materials these spins are random in direction and so no magnetic field results. In normal electronics the flow of current in a wire can also be used to produce a magnetic field which is known as electromagnetism. Neither of these form a part of spintonics.

In spintronics the property of the spin of the electrons themselves is used directly. It makes use of the electrons in a solid metal or semiconductor.

In spintronics the electron spin of just a few electrons in a material are made to align in one direction by briefly applying a very large magnetic field. Even when the magnetic field is removed the electrons will remain aligned in their spins. This alignment will slowly fade away over time but will persist for a while.

Since these aligned spins produce a resultant magnet field they can be detected and even used to move the electrons. 

The deliberate moving of only those electrons with a certain spin can be used to store information and this technology has been called spintronics to distinguish it from conventional use of electrons in electronics which uses their electric charge only.

Spintronics is an area of research in which scientists are trying to make useful devices and are making progress. Some devices write the electron spin codes into the surface of a moving disk and others make them in sold transistor junctions as RAM. They promise a technology that could create faster and smaller electronic devices that use less energy.


Nawab of Awadh

The Nawab of Awadh or the Nawab of Oudh () was the title of the rulers who governed the state of Oudh or Awadh in India during the 18th and 19th centuries. The Nawabs of Awadh belonged to a dynasty of Qara-Qoyunlu origin from Nishapur. Saadat Khan (1722–1739) became the first Nawab of Awadh in 1722. He was a Mughal wazir and the founder of the state of Awadh.

Antioch College

Antioch College is a private, liberal arts college in Yellow Springs, Ohio, in the United States. Established in 1850 by the Christian Connection, the college began operating in 1852; politician and education expert Horace Mann became its first president. It was the founding, forming college of Antioch University, which Antioch College outlived until 2008. The College remained out of business for three years before being reestablished in 2011, and fully disconnected from the university as an independent institution by 2014.

The College has produced two Nobel Prize winners. José Ramos-Horta, the 1996 laureate for Peace, earned his Master of Arts in 1984. Mario Capecchi, the 2007 laureate for Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine, earned his Bachelor of Science in 1961.

Keytar

A keytar is a musical instrument. It is shaped and held like a guitar, but has keys like a keyboard. Keytars are lightweight keyboards that have a strap that is put around the neck and shoulders. The instrument has a keyboard for playing musical notes and sounds. The earliest keytars were created around the 1970's. This picture of a keytar is one of the most popular keytars. Most popular keytars are seen with a red guitar neck and played in 1980 movies. first appeared in a magazine in 1980.

Melody Thomas Scott

Melody Ann Thomas Scott (b. April 18, 1956) is an American actress who acts in soap operas. She played Nikki Newman on the soap opera "The Young and the Restless". She also played Darlene Jarvis in "The Waltons" in the 1970s. She won awards for Outstanding Actress from the 17th Soap Opera Digest Awards for her act as Nikki Newman.

Thomas Scott started her career as a child actress. 

Thomas Scott was born in Los Angeles, California.

Show, don't tell

Show, don't tell is a type of writing technique used by authors. Instead of explaining a story, as in a summary, a writer makes the reader feel what is happening. It creates a picture of something in the reader's mind. When the reader gets a clear mental picture the story becomes more interesting. The technique is used in both fiction and non-fiction writing. 


In the first example, the author is telling what the character feels. In the second example, the author is allowing the reader to picture what the character was experiencing when she opened the door.

Good writing may involve both showing and telling. A scene shows the reader what is happening. It allows the reader to experience the action and emotions of the people in the story. A summary is often used between scenes to connect them together to create a story. Another use of summaries is in places where a part of the story needs to be brief. Showing takes more words than telling. Less important parts of a story are sometimes mentioned very briefly.

Marlow Cook

Marlow Webster Cook (July 27, 1926 – February 4, 2016) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He served as the United States Senator from Kentucky from December 17, 1968 to December 27, 1974. He was born in Akron, New York.

Cook died in Sarasota, Florida on February 4, 2016. He died from complications of a heart attack. He was aged 89.

Joe Alaskey

Joseph Francis "Joe" Alaskey (April 17, 1952 – February 3, 2016) was an American actor, impressionist, stand-up comedian and voice actor. He was known for voicing Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Sylvester the Cat, Tweety and other characters from Warner Bros. cartoons. He voiced Plucky Duck on "Tiny Toon Adventures" from 1990 to 1995.

Alaskey won an Emmy Award in 2004.

Alaskey was the second actor to voice Grandpa Lou Pickles on "Rugrats". He voiced Lou again in the "Rugrats" spin-off series, "All Grown Up!" and all three movies. He also voiced Stinkie in "Casper".

Alaskey died in Green Island, New York from cancer on February 3, 2016. He was aged 63.


Abe Waddington

Abe Waddington (4 February 1893 – 28 October 1959) was an English professional cricket player. He played for Yorkshire. He played two Test matches for England in 1920 and 1921. He also played football for Halifax Town.

Tweety

Tweety (or Tweety Bird) is a fictional character from "Looney Tunes". He is a yellow canary. He has also appeared in comic books. He was voiced by Mel Blanc. He is mainly known for saying “I tought I taw a puddy tat”, which is a babyish way of saying that he saw a cat. This cat is usually Sylvester, who tries to eat Tweety. 

Maurice White

Maurice White (December 19, 1941 – February 4, 2016) was an American singer-songwriter, musician, record producer, arranger and bandleader. He was the founder of the band Earth, Wind & Fire. He was also the older brother of current Earth, Wind & Fire member Verdine White, and former member Fred White. His career began in 1961. He retired in 2014 due to his health.

White was born in Memphis, Tennessee. He was raised in Memphis and in Chicago, Illinois. 

White served as the band's main songwriter and record producer, and was co-lead singer (along with Philip Bailey). White won seven Grammys, and was nominated for 21 Grammys in total.

White died in his sleep on February 4, 2016 from complications of Parkinson's disease. He died at his home in Los Angeles. He was aged 74.


Katie Ledecky

Kathleen Genevieve Ledecky (born March 17, 1997) is an American competition swimmer. At the 2012 Olympics in London, she won the gold medal in the 800-meter freestyle. At the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, she won four gold medals.

At the world championships in 2013 in Barcelona, Spain, and the 2015 world championships in Kazan, Russia, she won 9 gold medals in total. She has broken a world record 13 times, in the 400-meter, 800-meter, and 1500-meter freestyle.

Ledecky was born in Washington, D.C.

Peter Barry

Peter Barry (10 August 1928 – 26 August 2016) was an Irish politician and businessman. He was from Cork city. He was a member of Fine Gael. He was a Teachta Dála (TD; member of parliament) from 1969 to 1997, and Minister for Foreign Affairs from 1982 to 1987. He helped negotiate the Anglo-Irish Agreement. In 1987, he served for a short time as Tánaiste (deputy prime minister).

Chalice

A chalice is a cup that has a footed part on the bottom. It is used in some religious ceremonies for drinking. 


Max Kaur

Max Kaur (born December 9, 1969 in Tallinn) is an Estonian politician. He is a member of the Centre Party. He was Mayor of Mustvee 2013-2017. Since 2018 he is a Jõhvi municipality vice-governor. Since 2019 he is a Mayor of Johvi.

Max Kaur studied law at Moscow International Independent University of Environmental and Political Sciences (IIUEPS), LL.B., and economics at Saint Petersburg State University of Engineering and Economics, MS in Economics. He earned his PhD in 2013 from Saint Petersburg State University of Economics.

Max Kaur was counsellor of the Mayor of Tallinn, Edgar Savisaar from 2002 to 2005. He was vice-mayor of Maardu from 2005 to 2006. Max Kaur was first elected to Tallinn City Council in the Estonian local elections 2009. He was elected Mayor of Mustvee in April 2013. He was re-elected in December 2013.

He was a founder and leader of the Estonian social movement against gambling. He is an author of the idea to create a unique sculpture in Tallinn against addiction.

IOS 9

iOS 9 (codenamed "Monarch") is a version of iOS released on September 16, 2015. iOS 9 added many things to make the operating system better. Some of the things it added were a new News application, updates to the Notes and Map applications, and improvements to Siri and the Spotlight feature. For the iPad, iOS 9 also added a split screen feature. The current version of iOS 9 is iOS 9.3.6.

Dave Mirra

David Michael "Dave" Mirra (April 4, 1974 – February 4, 2016) was an American BMX athlete. He was also a driver for Subaru Rally Team USA. He was born in Chittenango, New York.

Mirra held the record for most X-Games medals until being passed by Bob Burnquist at X Games Munich in 2013. Mirra has won medals in every X Games from when they started in 1995 up to 2008. He has won a total of 24 medals at the X Games. In 2008, he placed second in BMX Big Air and third in Rally Car Racing at the X Games.

He was known mainly as a vert ramp and park rider. He rode and was sponsored by Haro Bikes from the mid 1990s. He later started his own bike company, and rode those instead. In 2004, Mirra appeared on an episode of "George Lopez". Mirra was a member of the team which won the 2014 Race Across America Four-Person Male (Under 50) category.

He also was the host for two seasons of MTV's "Real World/Road Rules Challenge."

Mirra and his wife, Lauren, had two daughters. In 2010, Mirra was sick with bacterial meningitis. After he recovered, he went back to rallying.

On February 4, 2016, Mirra died of suicide by a gunshot wound in Greenville, North Carolina. Police answering an emergency call found his body in a truck. He had been visiting friends in the area. Allen Thomas, the mayor of Greenville, said Mirra was "a great friend and wonderful human being". He was 41 years old.

Signe Toly Anderson

Signe Toly Anderson (September 15, 1941 – January 28, 2016) was an American singer. She was one of the founding members of the American rock band Jefferson Airplane. Anderson was born in Seattle, Washington.

Anderson died from complications of COPD at her home in Beaverton, Oregon. She was aged 74.


Property (disambiguation)

Property is the ownership of land, resources, objects, or intellectual property.

The word property can have several other meanings:


Theatrical property

A property, commonly shortened to prop (plural: props), is any object used in performing arts during a performance. They are used on the stage in theatre, and on the screen by actors in movies and television. A prop is anything on a stage or a set that is able to be moved. It is different from the scenery, costumes and production equipment.

Anything that is used but is not part of the scenery (the set) is a prop, e.g., furniture, a book that an actor pretends to read, a pipe that they smoke. Food appearing in the production is also a prop.

Props are looked after by a properties master. Sometimes, for small things like books or fans, it is the actor who is responsible for making sure he has the prop. This is called a "personal prop".

People have been accidentally killed by props. One case is from 2021.


Material property

In science, a property is anything that describes a material or substance. It is a characteristic of that material. For example, how hard the material is, its colour, or its shape. Elasticity is a property of rubber; in other words: rubber is elastic. A property may be a constant (always the same) or it may only appear when something changes, such as temperature.

Chemical properties include things like surface tension, pH, reactivity, allotropy. Conductivity is how able a material is to transport electric charge or heat.



Approximation theory

Approximation theory is a field of mathematics which is concerned with approximating the values of a function. Usually, the approximation is only needed for a range of values or domain. A good approximation will only have a small error in the domain of interest.

There are different ways in which this approximation is done: common ones are using a combination of simpler functions or using polynomials. 


Bad Dudes Vs. DragonNinja

Bad Dudes Vs. Dragon Ninja is a video game created in 1988 by the company Data East. It was originally made for arcades. It was popular as an arcade game.

It is an action game with good charts and sound. There is a boss at the end of each level. In the last level all the bosses confront the player one by one. After they are all defeated, the Dragon Boss appears.

Mark B

Mark Barnes (1970 – 1 January 2016) also known as Mark B, was a British hip-hop record producer. He was most active in the 1990s and early 2000s. He worked with Task Force and Blade on many of his records. Barnes was a disc jockey for Jazz Fudge Recordings for much of his career. Mark B first signed with Jazz Fudge in 1995. He produced some tracks for DJ Vadim's U.S.S.R. albums. His first individual album was "Underworld Connection", released in 1997. He died in January 2016.


Killer Mike

Michael Santiago Render (born April 20, 1975), better known by his stage name Killer Mike, is an American rapper, activist, and occasional actor. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia. He is the founder of Grind Time Official Records. 

Mike was first heard on "Snappin' and Trappin, a song from the hip hop duo OutKast's album "Stankonia" (2000). He later appeared on the Grammy-winning song "The Whole World", a single from OutKast's greatest hits album "Big Boi and Dre Present...OutKast".

In December 2008, Mike signed to T.I.'s Grand Hustle Records. In 2012, he released "R.A.P. Music", produced by rapper and producer El-P. In 2013, the two formed a duo called Run the Jewels. The two signed to Fool's Gold Records and released "Run the Jewels" in June of that year.

Killer Mike is a member of the Democratic Party. He supports Bernie Sanders for President of the United States in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. After introducing Sanders at a rally held in Atlanta November 23, 2015, Mike spent time recording an interview with the presidential candidate. Mike released his interview with Bernie Sanders as a six-part video series the following month.


Kristine Miller

Kristine Miller (June 13, 1925 – late 2015) was an American movie actress. She was known for her appearances in film noir and Western movies. She appeared in "I Walk Alone" (1948) with Lizabeth Scott and Burt Lancaster, "Jungle Patrol" (1948), "Too Late for Tears" (1949), "Shadow on the Wall" (1950), and the television series "Stories of the Century" (1954–55).

Miller was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, to a Danish father and an American mother. She was raised in the United States (in New Orleans, Fresno, Long Island, New York and San Francisco) and in Copenhagen in Denmark. Miller studied at San Francisco State College. She was married to William Schuyler from 1953 until his death in 2013. They had two daughters.

Miller died in late 2015 in a hospital from congestive heart failure in Monterey, California. She was aged 90. Her death was announced on February 4, 2016.


Sweet Hearts Dance

Sweet Hearts Dance is a 1988 American comedy drama movie directed by Robert Greenwald. It was written by Ernest Thompson. It is about two small-town couples, one married for several years and the other at the beginning of their relationship. It stars Don Johnson, Susan Sarandon, Jeff Daniels, and Elizabeth Perkins. 

It was filmed in Hyde Park, Vermont. The mayor of Burlington and future United States senator Bernie Sanders had a cameo appearance in the movie. It was released on September 23, 1988 to mixed reviews. Critic Roger Ebert gave the movie two out of four stars.

Robert Shapiro (lawyer)

Robert Leslie Shapiro (born September 2, 1942) is an American civil lawyer of Jewish descent. He is a senior partner in the law firm Glaser Weil Fink Jacobs Howard Avchen & Shapiro, LLP, which is based in Los Angeles.

Shapiro was born in Plainfield, New Jersey. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles and Loyola Law School.

Shapiro is known for being part of the team which successfully defended O. J. Simpson in 1995 from the charges that he murdered his ex-wife Nicole Brown and Ronald Goldman in 1994. Shortly after the O. J. Simpson trial, Shapiro moved his practice away from criminal defense toward the civil litigation arena.

He is also the voice of, and pictured in, the television commercials for the LegalZoom company he co-founded.

Laramie

Laramie may refer to.



Blood agent

A blood agent is a poisonous chemical. A blood agent makes it impossible for a person's blood to hold oxygen and bring it to the rest of the body. Every part of the body needs oxygen to survive. Blood agents can cause life-threatening symptoms like seizures or coma, which happen because the brain is not getting enough oxygen. In high enough doses, blood agents can make a person suffocate.

When they are used on purpose to kill many people, blood agents are weapons of mass destruction (WMDs).

The most common types of blood agents are chemical compounds that include cyanide. However, other blood agents are based on arsenic.

There are many different blood agents. Below is some information about the blood agents that are most likely to be used as weapons of mass destruction:

All of these chemicals are colorless, except for phosgene. Phosgene gas is colorless, but liquid phosgene is a very light yellow.

According to a book on the history of chemical weapons, the most toxic and effective blood agents are hydrogen cyanide and phosgene; followed by cyanogen and arsine; then cyanogen chloride; and finally vinyl arsine.

Usually, the bloodstream carries oxygen from the air we breathe to the entire body. The cells in the body need oxygen to survive, and they also need to get rid of carbon dioxide. (Carbon dioxide is left over when cells make energy; too much of it is poisonous.) Usually, cells pick up oxygen from the bloodstream, and send carbon dioxide out into the bloodstream. This is called gas exchange.

Blood agents prevent gas exchange. They keep oxygen from getting into the body's cells. Without oxygen, cells die. If a person gets a high enough dose of a blood agent, they will suffocate because the oxygen they breathe in cannot get into the body's cells.

"Exposure" means that a chemical touched or got into a person's body. That person has been "exposed" to the chemical. Most people who are exposed to blood agents breathe in or swallow the chemical. This can happen accidentally or on purpose.

For example, there are cyanide compounds in cigarette smoke and in smoke from many building fires. Also, cyanide compounds and arsine are used in pesticides. Most exposures to arsine happen accidentally to people who work around these chemicals.

Usually, when blood agents are used as a weapon of mass destruction, they are sprayed into the air, so people will inhale them.

When a person is exposed to a blood agent, their symptoms will depend on a few things:

If a person is exposed to a small amount of a blood agent, their symptoms may not be life-threatening. For example, they may get confused, feel very tired, or have a headache, nausea, and vomiting.
However, if a person is exposed to a high dose of a blood agent, they can have much more serious symptoms, including:

Blood agents act very quickly. If a person gets a high enough dose, they will start having these symptoms just a few seconds after being exposed. They can die in minutes - or even seconds - from respiratory failure.

There are a few different antidotes to cyanide poisoning. The cyanide antidote kit used most often in the United States includes three medications: amyl nitrite and sodium nitrite, which attach to cyanide and change it to a less dangerous chemical, and sodium thiosulfate, which turns cyanide into a harmless chemical that a person can urinate out.

A form of vitamin B that is made by bacteria, called hydroxocobalamin, is also an antidote to cyanide. It changes cyanide into regular vitamin B.

There are no antidotes for arsine or phosgene. Medical professionals can only give "supportive care," which means they can only treat arsine poisoning's symptoms. For example, they can give oxygen through a mask; give medications for cardiac arrhythmias; and do dialysis for kidney failure.

The first blood agent to be used as a weapon of mass destruction was phosgene. Phosgene was first used by the German Army to attack the British Army in 1915. After that, phosgene was used often during World War I. Countries on both sides of the war - including Germany, France, the United Kingdom, and the United States - used phosgene to attack enemy soldiers. Often they mixed it with chlorine, with the goal of killing more people. Phosgene caused about 85% of the 100,000 deaths caused by poison gas during the war (a total of about 85,000 deaths).

In 1919, the British Royal Air Force dropped arsenic gas on Bolshevik soldiers during the Russian Civil War.

Phosgene was also used often by the Imperial Japanese Army against China during the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937-1945).

During the Holocaust, the Nazis used a form of hydrogen cyanide called Zyklon B to kill people in the gas chambers at their death camps and concentration camps.

After nerve gases were discovered, blood agents were not used as much. However, in the 1980s, Iraq used cyanogen chloride against Iran in the Iran-Iraq War.

Starting in 1924, the United States has used hydrogen cyanide in gas chambers to execute prisoners who were given the death penalty. Most states now use other ways of executing people. However, execution by hydrogen cyanide is still legal in six states.


Tunguska event

Tunguska event is the name for a very large mid-air explosion that occurred on 30 June 1908 in Siberia. Most eyewitnesses talk about one or more explosions that happened around 7:15 a.m. local time. The cause of these explosions is unknown, but a meteorite impact has been suggested as a likely cause. About around the place where the event happened, trees were uprooted. In Wanwara, a small settlement, about away, windows and doors were smashed. It is estimated, that in an area of about , the trees were uprooted. Over away, bright light was seen, and an earthquake was felt. 

There are no reports of people who have died. This is attributed to the fact that almost no people lived in the area, at the time. Depending on the source, there were one or two casualties.

Today, it is believed that the event happened about above ground, at 0:14 UTC (7:14 a.m. local time).

What happened is called air burst today. At the time, the energy involved was estimated to be between 10 and 30 megatons of TNT, depending on the height in which the air burst happened. Simulations that have been done with modern computers have found that the energy involved was probably between 3 and 5 megatons of TNT. Taking 15 megatons, this would mean that the energy involved was 1.000 times that of the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima, in 1945. The shock wave is considered to be that of an earthquake with a magnitude of 5.0 on the Richter scale. The explosion registered at seismic stations across Eurasia, and air waves from the blast were detected in Germany, Denmark, Croatia, and the United Kingdom – and as far away as modern-day Jakarta, Indonesia, and Washington, D.C. For a few days after the event, night skies in Asia and Europe were aglow. There are reports of brightly lit photographs being successfully taken at midnight (without the aid of flashbulbs) in Sweden and Scotland. One explanation of this glow is that light passed through ice particles at a high altitude, that had formed at low temperatures during the explosion. Decades later, Space Shuttles reported similar findings. In the United States, a Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory program at the Mount Wilson Observatory in California observed a months-long decrease in atmospheric transparency consistent with an increase in suspended dust particles. 

For these reasons, the Tunguska event is considered the largest impact event on Earth in recorded history. 

At first, there was no interest in the event. Over a decade after the event, Leonid Kulik, a Russian mineralogist led an expedition to the area. In his expedition of 1921 and 1922, he only got to Kansk, which is away from the "epicenter" of the event. In 1927, Kulik reached the region where the event happened, in 1938 he ordered aerial photos be taken.

Kulik's expedition is the first recorded expedition to the area. Since then, there were many expeditions; over 1,000 articles have been published on the event; most of them are in Russian language.

There were two other expeditions to the area: one in 1958, the other in 1963.

Today, there is no definite explanation for what caused the explosions, or for what happened. There are different theories, though.

A meteorite hit the area. The most probable is an asteroid or comet of low density, and a diameter of between and . The object exploded in a height of 7 to 14 km above ground; for this reason there is no impact crater. The problem with this theory is that meteorites of this type usually do not reach low levels of the atmosphere. Meteoroids, which contain more iron have a higher chance of reaching low levels of the atmosphere, but they do not cause such devastating explosions. 

Lake Cheko is a small freshwater lake, about from the center of the event. The lake does not show on maps of the area which are older than about 1928. Before 1908, it seems to be unknown. The lake is shaped roughly like a rectangle; it is 708 metres long, 364 m wide, and about 50 m deep. In 1999, Luca Gasperini did a study on the sediments in the lake, and found that the lake predates the event of 1908. In 2007, National Geographic cites him as he states that it is possible the lake formed as an impact crater.This is argued upon due to the spread of trees, that were destroyed from the mostly agreed upon meteorite explosion.

The other theory is that the event has a geophysical cause: About 10 million tons of natural gas exploding would have the effect that was observed. The problem with this theory is that eyewitnesses spoke of a very bright light that could be seen from very far away. A natural gas explosion does not produce a bright light. 

Grand jury

A grand jury is a legal body which has the power to conduct official proceedings to investigate possible criminal conduct. They also decide whether criminal charges should be brought. A grand jury may subpoena evidence and may compel the sworn testimony of witnesses who appear before it. Grand juries are made up of from 16 to 23 people in the United States. They meet for a period of one month up to a year. However, jurors may only have to meet for a few days each month. The juries meet in private. The suspected person, called a suspect, is not usually present. About half the states in the US do not regularly use grand juries. A preliminary hearing may be used instead. The Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution requires the use of grand juries by the federal legal system for all capital and "infamous crimes" (cases involving treason, certain felonies or gross moral turpitude).

In 1166 an enactment of King Henry II of England, called the Assize of Clarendon, called for "the oath of *twelve men from every hundred and four men from every vill" to meet and decide who was guilty of robbery, theft or murder. It was the early ancestor of the jury system and of the grand jury. The United Kingdom abolished grand juries in 1933. Many of their former colonies including 
Canada, Australia and New Zealand have also stopped using them. The United States is one of the few remaining countries that uses the grand jury. 

Grand juries are called by a federal judge and are required to supervise them. But judges almost never interfere. The grand jury is led by a federal prosecutor. He cannot testify or be present while the jury deliberates. But most federal grand juries will return any indictment presented to it. This led to the famous saying "a prosecutor can get a grand jury to indict a ham sandwich." They can subpoena anything they want with very few restrictions. In United States v. R. Enterprises, Inc., 498 U.S. 292 (1991), the Supreme Court of the United States ruled "federal grand jury subpoenas are presumed to be reasonable and the burden of showing unreasonableness is on the recipient."

A grand jury, state or federal, has two functions. The first is to go over all evidence of criminal wrongdoing and to issue an indictment only if there is enough evidence. Their other purpose is to investigate and help the prosecutor gather evidence. Critics claim grand juries have failed to do both.


Vault (gymnastics)

A vault is an apparatus that male and female gymnasts perform on. A vault is included in gymnastics competitions such as the olympics. The gymnasts first run before they flip on the vault. Either the male or female gymnast perform a flip in the air and land on the floor. When the gymnast lands on the floor, he or she has to be in balance.

Early forms of the vault were invented by German Friedrich Ludwig Jahn. The apparatus itself originated as a "horse", much like the pommel horse but without the handles. It was sometimes called a "vaulting horse". The horse was set up with its long side perpendicular to the run for women, and parallel for men. The vaulting horse was the apparatus used in the Olympics for over a century It began with the 1896 Summer Olympics and ending with the Gymnastics at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Following a number of problems, International Gymnastics Federation (FIG) changed the apparatus. They did it for both safety reasons and for better acrobatics. The 2001 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships were the first international competition to make use of the "vaulting table". This was an apparatus made by Dutch gymnastics equipment company Janssen-Fritsen since the mid-1990s. It features a flat, larger, and more cushioned surface almost parallel to the floor. It slopes downward at the end closest to the springboard. Gymnasts nicknamed it the "tongue".

Web design

Web design is a profession where a person designs a web page or a web site. The web page can have graphics, music, animations, and many other things on it. Some web design is done for businesses, and some is done for individual people. Some web designs are used a lot and have standard templates that are free for people to use.

The creation of websites and pages for an original product, data, and user-friendliness is referred to as web design. If you're creating a website, a mobile app, or updating material on a web page, appearance and design are essential components. You can apply for jobs where your creativity can assist a company better its brand, message, and bottom line by improving your web design skills.

The two most popular web design methods are adaptable and responsive. With responsive design, the layout of the website is designed around standard screen sizes.

According to the size of the screen, content is dynamically shifted in responsive design. Based on the needs and objectives of their customer or company, web designers utilize different parts of the overall web design process to implement these design strategies.

People who design web pages are called web designers. Web designers use HTML or Dynamic HTML ("DHTML"), Cascading Style Sheets ("CSS"), JavaScript, and many other technologies to make their pages. Web designers can make their pages on the Internet using website building software, or offline on their computer. Web designers in the United States of America can earn between $31,650 and $69,510 a year, with a median salary of $46,327.

Web design and includes layouts, colors, graphics, fonts, and content.

The design of your website can either make or break the business you're trying to deliver. It really makes a difference how your target audience sees your business or organization and potentially turns them into your customers. When a company has a well-designed website, it's easier to get more customer conversions. This is because a well-designed website uses its features to lead consumers directly to what they need without distraction. So its very important to have a well-designed website in this Digital era.

There are several types of web designs, including:


Here are the key elements to consider when designing a website, both UX (User Experience) and UI (User Interface) play vital roles in creating an effective and engaging user experience.

User Experience (UX):


User Interface (UI):

Micro interactions: Consider small, subtle animations or micro interactions that provide feedback or add delight to user interactions. They can improve the overall user experience and make it more engaging.

These different types of web designs can be combined or adapted to create unique and effective websites that meet the needs of the target audience.

A website is nothing but a bunch of web pages, which are made up of web pages with the help of a web designing process. Designing a web page is of great importance, as it forms the base for a website. It serves as a foundation on which the other pages of a website rest. 

It is carried out by web designers and developers. which is based on a set of coding languages and concepts. These coding languages and concepts are known as the languages of web designing and the terminologies are known as the web designing terminologies.

Dallas McKennon

Dallas Raymond McKennon (July 19, 1919 – July 14, 2009), sometimes credited as Dal McKennon, was an American actor. He had many roles as a voice actor in a career lasting over 50 years. His best-known roles were that of Gumby for Art Clokey, Archie Andrews for Filmation's "Archie" series, and the main voice of Buzz Buzzard in the "Woody Woodpecker" cartoons.





Show Don't Tell

"Show Don't Tell" is a 1989 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush and is the leading single from their 13th studio album "Presto". It went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.

Music by Lifeson, Peart, and Lee. Lyrics by Peart.

US release:

Canadian release:

Jefferson City

Jefferson City is the name of three places in the United States:

Albany County

Albany County is the name of two counties in the United States:


Sussex County

Sussex County may refer to:

In Australia

In the United States:

Kent County

Kent County may refer to:





Sten Mk II

The Sten Mk II was the main submachine gun of the British military in World War II. 

Early in the war, the US lent many weapons to the British to fight German forces, including the Thompson submachine gun. However, since the Thompson was expensive to make in large numbers, the British made a submachine gun of their own, that would be cheap and quick to make. This was the Sten Mk II.

The weapon was only made of 47 parts, making it relatively fast to put together and take apart and therefore easy to ship and hide. This feature made it popular among resistance fighters, including the Free French. 

It was also the first SMG to have a silencer made for it, making it useful for stealth and surprise. However, due to its low quality, it was not a very reliable weapon as it tended to jam very frequently and fire entire magazines without pulling the trigger. 

It is stated that British soldiers who captured German MP-40 would often abandon the Sten and fight using the MP-40 instead. The switch was not difficult since both weapons fired the same type of bullet, the 9x19mm Parabellum, with the same type of magazines (which meant that they could use the enemy's ammunition to load their Stens or vice versa).

Hughes County

Hughes County is the name of two counties in the United States:


Thompson submachine gun

The Thompson submachine gun, also known as the Tommy gun, was an early submachine gun design. It was popular among soldiers, police, and civilians alike. It was invented by Brigadier General John T. Thompson at the end of World War I as a "trench-boom" weapon, or a weapon that could clear out trenches very quickly. The war ended before the submachine gun could be used in battle. In 1919, Brigadier General Thompson had the company he founded, Auto-Ordnance Company, modify the gun for civilian use. The gun was classified as a submachine gun, meaning a small, fully automatic, hand-held gun that fires pistol ammunition. It remains an iconic firearm that is very popular with collectors. It fires .45 ACP caliber bullets, an effective and accurate combat bullet against human targets.


In 1882, John T. Thompson entered the United States Army. During the Spanish–American War he made a reputation for himself making sure ammunition got to the front lines. This was at a time of almost complete chaos in the army supply system. He later played a part in developing two important American military weapons. These were the M1903 Springfield rifle and the M1911 pistol. In 1916 Auto-Ordnance was started with Thompson holding the majority of shares. Designed for use in World War I, the gun was first called "The Annihilator I" (Thompson nicknamed it a trench broom) could fire 20 rounds per second. The first cases of the new submachine gun arrived on the docks for shipment on November 11, 1918; the same day the war ended. Thompson and Auto-Ordnance began developing the gun for civilian markets. In 1921 the first model, called the M1921, was produced.

In 1921, the Colt Patent Firearms Company made 15,000 Thompson submachine guns for Auto-Ordinance at a cost of $38.25 each. These were called the “Model 1921A”. This model weighed and had an effective range (distance it was accurate) of . General Thompson tried to sell his gun to European countries with little success. He tried selling it in the US but sales were slow. In 1926 he got orders from the United States Postal Service and the United States Marine Corps. The Marines used the guns during the Banana Wars. It worked well to counter ambushes by Nicaraguan guerrillas. The Irish Republican Army used them in 1921 during the last part of the Irish War of Independence. They were not impressed by the fact they could only kill about 32 percent of those they fired at. Others who bought his submachine gun included Law enforcement agencies and ranchers. Organized crime quickly found uses for the gun. Later, the United States Navy ordered 1,500.

The US military began using the weapon in 1938 and used it throughout World War II. There were two variants used. The model M1928A1 could use either stick or drum magazines, it had a muzzle brake (to counter the gun's tendency to rise when fired) and had Cooling fins (to counter the barrel of the gun getting too hot). The M1A1 model had no cooling fins, could only use the stick magazines and had a simplified sight. It was used by all the allies during the war. The main problem of the Thompson submachine gun was it was complex and expensive to manufacture. It was also heavy at about loaded. It had to be kept very clean or it would misfire. But soldiers liked the weapon. It was a favorite of British and Australian soldiers. In the US military it was carried by squad leaders and officers. In the heavy jungles in the Pacific War, it sounded dangerously like the Japanese light machine guns causing some confusion on both sides. When the US developed the M3 submachine gun, also called the "grease gun", it was much lighter, cheaper to make and had a slower rate of fire. Most soldiers who had Thompsons were very slow to give them up in favor of the less well-liked grease gun. 

It was used during the Korean War and later during the Vietnam War. The Thompson submachine gun was retired in 1971 after 33 years of service. 

The Thompson was used in the Arab–Israeli conflict, the Cuban Revolution and in the Northern Ireland conflict (1969–1998. The gun continues to be produced today, with many countries around the world still using it. Over 1,700,000 Thompson submachine guns have been made.


Philip Bailey

Philip James Bailey (born May 8, 1951) is an American singer-songwriter, percussionist and actor. He was one of the lead singers (along with group founder Maurice White) of the band Earth, Wind & Fire. He has won seven Grammy Awards. He has released ten albums, including "Chinese Wall". He also performed the duet "Easy Lover" with Phil Collins.

Bailey was born in Denver, Colorado. He has been married twice and has six children.


.45 ACP

The .45 ACP (Automatic Colt Pistol) or 45 Auto (11.43×23mm) is a type of bullet, made to be used in the M1911 pistol used by the U.S. Military. It was first made by John Browning in 1904, the "ACP" in the name stands for "Automatic Colt Pistol". It was the standard for handguns in the U.S. military until they switched to the Beretta M9 (Beretta 92) in 1985 that used a smaller caliber 9mm bullet.

The .45 is famous for being the bullet used in the M1911 and for being the choice of the U.S. Military for their pistols for almost 75 years. The .45 ACP has good stopping power because of the large size of the bullet, a .45 ACP bullet is almost half an inch. When shot at human targets, the .45 ACP bullet makes a big hole that causes blood loss and leads to faster death. 

It was used for guns like the M1911, the Thompson submachine gun, the M3 Grease Gun, the USP45, the UMP45, the TDI Kriss Super V, the MAC-10, and many other guns.

John Jenkins (composer)

John Jenkins (1592–1678) was an English composer. He became famous for writing music for small groups for amateurs and gentlemen to perform in their houses. He performed at court for King Charles I. After the Restoration he was appointed as a court musician.

He is best known for his consort music for viols, mainly fantasias. About 800 of his works have survived.

Minik Wallace

Minik Wallace (also called Mene ; about 1890 – 29 October 1918) was an Inuit from Greenland. He was brought to New York City as a child in 1897, by the explorer Robert Peary. His father and four others were also brought. The six of them were studied by staff at the American Museum of Natural History, which was given custody of them. Most of them died soon after arriving. 

Minik was a member of the Inughuit, the northernmost group of Inuit in Greenland. His father was named Qisuk. They met Peary when the explorer employed men from the Inughuit during several expeditions into the Arctic. Peary asked some of them to come with him to New York. Six of them agreed, including Qisuk and Minik. Peary did not tell them about the real purpose of the trip. Some agreed to travel to see new places; others did not want to be separated from relatives. Peary promised them that they would be able to return to Greenland. Soon after their arrival, the group became the objects of study. The museum staff had not made plans for their care, nor for their return.

Soon after arriving in New York, most of the Inuit contracted the disease tuberculosis. Three adults and one child died, including Minik's father. A fourth adult survived and was returned to Greenland. Minik was the only one left. William Wallace, the curator of the museum, adopted Minik. Minik pleaded for a proper Inuit burial for his father. The museum staff wanted to preserve Qisuk's body for study. They made a fake body and put it in a coffin. They staged a fake burial so that Minik would think he was burying his father.

The museum put the skeleton on display. In about 1906, a story was published in local newspapers that stated Qisuk's skeleton was displayed in the museum. Minik was told about it by his classmates at school. He then asked that his father's bones be given to him for traditional burial. Wallace supported Minik in this, but the museum denied that they had the body. Minik was never able to reclaim his father's bones.

Minik returned to Greenland in 1910, with the help of Peary. He came back to the United States in 1916. He lived and worked there until dying of influenza in the pandemic of 1918.

Kenn Harper wrote a book about Minik in 1986. The book was called "Give Me My Father's Body". Harper spent several years trying to persuade the Museum of Natural History to return the remains of the four Inuit to Greenland. He succeeded in 1993. The bodies were buried in a funeral in Qaanaaq. Minik is buried in a cemetery in Pittsburg, New Hampshire.


Shaolin

Shaolin may refer to:


Social spider

A social spider is a species of spider which lives in a group. Most spiders are solitary, but a few species in tropical habitats live in large groups. 

This social organisation has evolved independently a number of times. At least 23 species in eight families are known.

These spiders have not developed a caste system, and so they are not classed as eusocial. The first one was discovered over a century ago by Eugène Simon (30 April 1848 – 17 November 1924). This French naturalist described over 4,000 species of spider.

Fayetteville

Fayetteville is the name several places in the United States.



Fayette

Fayette is the name of several places in the United States.



Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks

The Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks are the sports teams that play for the University of Louisiana at Monroe. There are 16 teams.

Luger

The Luger was a German semi-automatic pistol that was introduced in 1908. It was the first pistol to use the 9x19mm Parabellum bullet. Its magazines hold eight cartridges.

Technically, it was and is held in high esteem. The workmanship was top-class, and its performance was highly respected. The Luger was eventually replaced by the Walther P38 officially, but there were still many German soldiers and officers who used the Luger during World War II.

FedEx Express

FedEx Express is an international cargo airline and delivery service. It has a hub in Memphis, Tennessee, in the United States. FedEx Express is part of FedEx Corporation.

Hui people

The Hui people (, Xiao'erjing: , , ) are an East Asian ethnoreligious group. They are mostly Chinese-speaking muslims who live in China. They live mostly in the northwestern provinces of the country and in the Zhongyuan region. As of the 2011 census, China is home to about 10.5 million Hui people. Most of Hui people are Chinese-speaking Muslims. The 110,000 Dungan people of Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan are also part of the Hui ethnicity.

They have a connection with Islamic culture. For example, as Muslims, they follow Islamic dietary laws and do not eat pork. Pork is the most commonly eaten meat in China. They hve created their own version of Chinese cuisine. Hui clothing is different from that of the Han Chinese. Some men wear white caps (taqiyah) and some women wear headscarves, This is the case in many Islamic cultures.

The Hui people are one of 56 ethnic groups recognized by China. The government says the Hui people include all Muslim communities that are not included in China's other ethnic groups. They are seperate from other Muslim groups such as the Uyghurs. The Hui mostly speak Chinese. There are some Arabic and Persian phrases in their speach. The Hui ethnic group is not associated with a non-Sinitic language.

The Hui people are more concentrated in Ningxia, Gansu, Qinghai and Xinjiang) in Northwestern China. Communities exist across the country.

Many Hui are clerics, interpreters, jewelers, tea traders, tanners, butchers, caravaneers, cavalrymen, shepherd, innkeeper, restauranteers and jade carvers.

Du Wenxiu's father was Han.


Greenville

Greenville is the name of several places:





Cerebrospinal fluid

Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) bathes and protects the central nervous system (the brain and the spinal cord). "Cerebro" means "brain"; "spinal" is a short version of "spinal cord"; and fluid is a liquid.

CSF is made by networks of blood vessels called choriod plexuses in each of the brain's four ventricles.

CSF flows through the subarachnoid space – the space between the two layers of meninges that are closest to the brain (the arachnoid layer and the pia mater). CSF also fills the brain's ventricles, and flows down the middle of the spinal cord (the "central canal").

CSF is created from blood plasma (the liquid part of blood), so CSF's contents are very similar to plasma's. CSF is 99% water. It carries:

There should be very few white blood cells in the CSF, or none at all. There should be no red blood cells in the CSF.

Being surrounded by CSF helps the brain float inside the skull, like a buoy in water. Because the brain is surrounded by fluid, it floats like it weighs only 2% of what it really does. If the brain did not have CSF to float in, it would sit on the bottom of the skull. The brain's weight would push the bottom of the brain against the skull. Blood would not be able to get to the bottom of the brain because the blood vessels would be getting crushed by the weight of the brain on top of them. Without getting blood (and the oxygen it carries), the neurons in the bottom of the brain would die.

CSF protects the brain by acting like a cushion. Without CSF, every time a person moved their head, their brain would hit the inside of their skull. This could injure the brain. 

When a person hits their head, CSF acts like the airbag in a car and can sometimes keep the brain from slamming into the inside of the skull. However, when a person hits their head very hard – in a car accident, for example – the CSF cannot protect the brain from hitting the skull. This can cause concussions, bleeding in the brain, brain damage, or even death.

The brain's cells do chemical reactions to change one chemical to another chemical that the brain needs. Sometimes, after a chemical reaction, chemicals that the brain does not need are left over. These chemicals are called "waste products." For example, when the brain's cells use oxygen and glucose (sugar) to create energy, carbon dioxide (CO) is left over. Too much carbon dioxide can poison the brain.

To keep waste products from building up in the CSF, the choroid plexuses make new CSF about four times a day. The old CSF drains out into the bloodstream, bringing waste products and toxins with it. In this way, the CSF rinses things that could hurt the brain out into the bloodstream. The bloodstream can then carry these chemicals to organs that can get rid of them, like the kidneys and the lungs. For example, the bloodstream carries carbon dioxide to the lungs, where it can be breathed out.

Doctors can use samples of CSF to find out if a person has a brain infection, like meningitis, encephalitis, or syphilis. CSF samples can also show bleeding from certain parts of the brain. Swelling in the brain, caused by some inflammatory diseases like multiple sclerosis, can show in a CSF sample as well.

Usually, doctors take samples of CSF by doing a lumbar puncture (spinal tap).

Normal CSF should be clear and colorless, with no red blood cells, and very few white blood cells.

Signs of a brain infection include:

Protein levels that are higher than normal can be a sign of inflammation in the brain. However, they can also be a sign of other problems, like a bleed in the brain; a brain tumor; epilepsy; and "acute alcoholism."

Cancer cells in the CSF are a sign that a person has brain cancer, or has cancer that started somewhere else and spread to the brain.

Head injuries and some diseases can make too much CSF build up in the brain. This is called hydrocephalus. The extra fluid puts pressure on (squeezes) the brain. This is called increased intracranial pressure. If the pressure gets high enough, the brain's blood vessels get crushed, and blood cannot get to the brain. If a person's brain does not get enough blood and oxygen, they will become unconscious and their brain cells will die. Eventually, the person will die.

Without treatment, 6 out of every 10 people with hydrocephalus will die. The rest will have physical disabilities, intellectual disabilities, and/or other brain problems.

Some problems can cause CSF to leak out through a hole or tear in the dura mater (the layer of the meninges that is next to the skull and the bones of the spinal cord). CSF leaks are usually a complication of a lumbar puncture or certain kinds of surgery on the head, neck, or brain. However, an injury to the head or spine can also cause a CSF leak. Sometimes, doctors cannot find a cause for a CSF leak.

Most people with CSF leaks get better on their own, after the hole in the dura mater heals. However, some CSF leaks can cause serious complications:


Bodil Malmsten

Bodil Malmsten (19 August 1944 – 5 February 2016) was a Swedish poet and novelist. She wrote over fifteen books from 1977 to her death. Her best known book was the English translation of "Priset på vatten i Finistère" ("The Price of Water in Finistère") which was awarded Book of the Week by BBC Radio 4.

Malmsten was born in Bjärme, Jämtland. Her grandfather was designer and architect Carl Malmsten (1888–1972).

Malmsten died from cancer on 5 February 2016 in Stockholm. She was aged 71.

Mohamed Fahmy

Mohamed Fadel Fahmy ( ; born April 27, 1974) is a Canadian-Egyptian journalist. He was born in Cairo. Fahmy was in prison in Egypt for two years. When he came out, he started the Fahmy Foundation for free speech.

Mohamed Fahmy was a producer for CNN and a writer for the "Los Angeles Times". He was also the Cairo bureau chief for Al-Jazeera's English channel.

Fahmy was arrested on December 29, 2013 with two other journalists, Baher Mohamed and Peter Greste, in their hotel in Cairo. This was after General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi became president of Egypt. Sisi replaced the elected president, Mohammed Morsi, of the Muslim Brotherhood. The three reporters were accused of helping the Muslim Brotherhood. At the time, Fahmy worked for Al-Jazeera, which is owned by the government of Qatar. Qatar supported the Muslim Brotherhood, even after Morsi was out of power. 

In January 2015, Australian Peter Greste went back to Australia. But Fahmy and Baher had a new trial and got three more years in prison. Finally, human rights lawyer Amal Clooney helped them. Because of world pressure, President Sisi said they could go free.

Jürgen Klopp

Jürgen Norbert Klopp (born 16 June 1967) is a German professional football manager and former player. He is the current manager of Premier League club Liverpool until later 2024. He also managed and played for 1. FSV Mainz 05, and later managed Borussia Dortmund from 2008 to 2015. Klopp is responsible for revolutionising Liverpool FC, and won their 6th Champions League and first Premier League.

Klopp was born in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg. He is married and has two children. He is a Protestant Christian.


Eddy Wally

Eddy Wally (born Eduard René Van De Walle; 12 July 1932 – 6 February 2016) was a Belgian singer. He was nicknamed the "Voice of Europe". He was best known for his hits "Chérie" (1966), "Als marktkramer ben ik geboren" (1969) and "Ik spring uit een vliegmachien" (1996). He was also a popular meme in 2014.

Wally was born in Zelzate, East Flanders. He was married to Mariëtte Roegiers until her death in October 2012. They had a daughter, Marina Wally (born 1957), who became a singer. He retired in 2012 after poor health.

Wally died from a brain haemorrhage on 6 February 2016 in Zelzate. He was aged 83.


Mika Waltari

Mika Toimi Waltari () (19 September 1908 – 26 August 1979) was a Finnish writer. He is best known for his best-selling novel "The Egyptian" (). His career lasted over 40 years. He wrote at least 29 novels, 15 novellas, 6 collections of stories or fairy tales, 6 collections of poetry and 26 plays. Waltari wrote screenplays, radio plays, non-fiction, translations, and hundreds of reviews and articles. He is also internationally the best-known Finnish writer. His works have been translated into more than 30 languages.

Waltari graduated from the University of Helsinki. He first studied theology, then history and languages. His career as writer started with religious poems and horror short stories. His first novel "Suuri illusioni" ('The Great Illusion') was his fifth work and a big success. It has been compared to the famous works of the 1920s by Ernest Hemingway and F. Scott Fitzgerald.

Waltari's chief work, which made him internationally famous, was published after World War II. This was the large novel "Sinuhe Egyptiläinen" (UK title: Sinuhe the Egyptian; US title: The Egyptian). The story is placed in ancient Egypt. Waltari knew a lot about life there. Between the lines one can read a story about Christianity and history. The book contains comparison of idealism and realism but it does not tell which of them wins. It became popular also as a Hollywood movie. In later life he worked as a member of the Academy of Finland. He never finished his last novel on the Knights of Malta due to illness. First awarded in 1979, the Mika Waltari Award is named in his honor.

River Avon, Bristol

The River Avon runs through Bristol. The river is the 19th longest river in the United Kingdom. It is 75 miles (121km) long. The source of the river is in the Severn Estuary. The river rises in the county of Gloucestershire. It then flows through Wiltshire, for example in the city of Salisbury.

Sam Spence

Samuel Lloyd "Sam" Spence (March 29, 1927 – February 6, 2016) was an American soundtrack composer. He was best known for his work with NFL Films. His work has also been on the "Madden NFL" football video games and various advertisements related to American football.

2016 southern Taiwan earthquake

The 2016 southern Taiwan earthquake happened in Taiwan on 6 February 2016. 116 people were killed. The source of the earthquake was in Kaohsiung.

Magic Kingdom for Sale–SOLD!

Magic Kingdom for Sale–Sold! is the first book in a series written by Terry Brooks. It is the story of a trial lawyer named Ben Holiday who gets a catalog from Rosen's, LTD. that is selling a fantasy kingdom named Landover. He buys the kingdom but learns that it is more challenging than he thought it would be.

Ben Holiday is a lawyer from Chicago who works in a law office with his partner Miles Bennett. He is depressed after the death of his wife, Annie. He becomes king of Landover, and is crowned after joining the people together and killing the Iron Mark. He learns that he can become the Paladin when he is in danger.

Bamberg State Library

The Bamberg State Library () is a library in Bamberg, Germany. The library was founded in 1803. It is operated by Bavaria, a state of Germany.

There are about 566,000 books in the library. The oldest of them are from the Middle Ages.

There are also about 6,400 manuscripts in the library. Among these is the Bamberg Apocalypse, a richly illuminated manuscript from the 11th century. The Bamberg Apocalypse and two other manuscripts were recognized in UNESCO's "Memory of the World" register. Some of the library's oldest manuscripts were brought to Bamberg by the Holy Roman Emperor Henry II.

The library also contains 3,600 early books that were printed – not handwritten – before the year 1501 in Europe, known as incunabula.


CentraleSupélec

CentraleSupélec is a graduate school of engineering in France. Its main campus is located at the Paris-Saclay plateau, and is one of the constituent institutes of the University of Paris-Saclay.

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

The academic and research programs, including industrial research collaborations, are mainly offered in French in English.

Most of the 5000 students in the Graduate Engineer program at CentraleSupélec live in dedicated student residences near the research labs and metro train station. Some of the campus facilities are shared with 65,000 students from other constituent schools of the University of Paris-Saclay.

CentraleSupélec was created 1 January 2015 from École Centrale de Paris and Supélec. This was in order to create one of the best universities in the world. Since October 2023, the school has been a partner of IPSA for double degrees in aerospace.

Admission to the CentraleSupélec Programme (2-year curriculum) is by:

The CentraleSupélec Programme typically lasts three years. It results in a master's degree, in addition to international experience. The undergraduate studies plus the CentraleSupélec Programme account for more than a 300 ECTS credits in the European education system.
However, graduate students enrolled in the TIME double degree program are required to spend two-years at CentraleSupélec and spend two years in the TIME-partner institute for a total of four years. This results in a double master's degree.

Research activities at CentraleSupélec relate to the following topics:


2016 United Kingdom European Union membership referendum

The United Kingdom European Union membership referendum took place on 23 June 2016 in the UK and Gibraltar. It was to decide whether the United Kingdom would stay in the European Union (EU).

The referendum ended with 51.9% of votes in favour of leaving the EU.

On 24 June, the then Conservative Party leader and Prime Minister David Cameron announced that he would resign. He was replaced on 13 July by Theresa May.

Members of the "Remain" campaign wanted the United Kingdom to stay in the European Union. Political parties that wanted the UK to stay in the EU include the Labour Party, the Liberal Democrats and the Scottish National Party. They said that being in the EU gave the UK many advantages in trade.

Prime Minister David Cameron supported staying in the EU, but the Conservative Party was neutral. It was up to each MP to have their own view. Other well-known Conservatives who wanted to remain in the EU include George Osborne, Theresa May and Philip Hammond.

Members of the "leave" campaign, commonly called "Brexit", wanted the UK to leave the European Union. Political parties who supported leaving the EU include United Kingdom Independence Party, the Respect Party and many members of the Conservative Party. Those who supported "leave" were especially concerned about the EU's "open border" policies and mass migration.

Some well known members of the Conservative party who wanted to leave the EU included Iain Duncan Smith, Michael Gove and Boris Johnson.

The tables list political parties with seats in the House of Commons or the House of Lords, the European Parliament, the Scottish Parliament, the Northern Ireland Assembly, the Welsh Assembly, or the Gibraltar Parliament at the time of the referendum.

Shortly after the results were announced, David Cameron said that he would resign by October 2016. After a leadership election, Theresa May became Prime Minister on 13 July.

The Scottish government announced on 24 June 2016 that they were planning to hold a second independence referendum. Northern Ireland politician Martin McGuinness also called for an Irish reunification referendum. A movement for London independence even occurred, with an online petition reaching thousands of signatures.

A "Bregret"/"Regrexit" petition was proposed by William Oliver Healey on 24 May 2016. It was made to support the creation of a second European Union membership referendum. By 25 June, more than two and a half million people signed the petition. Calls for a second referendum was later rejected by the government.

Theresa May officially triggered Article 50 on 29 March 2017. This means that negotiations have started between the UK government and the European Union. These talks are expected to last 2 years and after they have finished the UK will be out of the EU.

The Black Unicorn

The Black Unicorn is a fantasy book written by Terry Brooks. It is the second book in the "Magic Kingdom of Landover" series. The book continues the stories of Ben Holiday, Willow, and Questor Thews. Each of them had a dream about something important to them. They each left Sterling Silver (the castle they live in) to look for what they dreamed about. The dreams led Ben Holiday to Chicago, Questor Thews to find the books of magic, and Willow to hunt for the black unicorn.

Ciriaco Cañete

Ciriaco "Cacoy" Cañete (August 8, 1919 – February 5, 2016) was a Filipino martial artist. He was a member of the Doce Pares Eskrima Club. He was the last surviving member of the club, which was founded in January 1932. In 1951 he developed his own martial art system named Eskrido. He was born in San Fernando, Cebu.

Cañete died in a hospital in Downtown Cebu City on February 5, 2016. He died from prostate cancer. He was aged 96.

Dan Hicks (singer)

Daniel Ivan Hicks (December 9, 1941 – February 6, 2016) was an American singer-songwriter and musician. He made music with elements of cowboy folk, jazz, country, swing, bluegrass, pop and gypsy. He led the band Dan Hicks and His Hot Licks. His career began in 1965.

He was best known for the songs "I Scare Myself" and "Canned Music." His songs were known for having humor. One of his songs was titled "How Can I Miss You When You Won't Go Away?" His latest album, "Live at Davies", was released in 2013.

Hicks died on February 6, 2016 from throat and liver cancer. He died in Mill Valley, California. He was 74 years old. He was diagnosed with throat cancer in 2014 and had liver cancer since 2015.

Fife Symington

John Fife Symington III (born August 12, 1945) is an American politician and businessman. He was born in New York City. He served as the 19th Governor of the U.S. state of Arizona. He served from 1991 until his resignation in 1997. He was a member of the Republican Party.


Alvin Baldus

Alvin James Baldus (April 27, 1926 – February 2, 2017) was an American politician. He was member of the Democratic Party. He served in the United States House of Representatives from 1975 to 1981, as a member for Wisconsin. He lost his re-election in 1980.

Baldus was born in Garner, Iowa. He grew up in Elkton and Austin in Minnesota. He studied at Riverland Community College. Baldus died on February 2, 2017 in Menomonie, Wisconsin, aged 90.

USS Nitze (DDG-94)

The USS "Nitze" (DDG 94) is an Arleigh Burke class destroyer. It is owned by the United States Navy. The ship was built at Bath Iron Works in Maine. It was finished in 2004. The ship was commissioned on March 5, 2005 after almost a year of testing at sea.

The USS "Nitze" has done four deployments. The deployments were January 2007 (part of the USS "Bataan" strike group), September 2008 (part of the USS "Theodore Roosevelt" strike group), March 2012 (part of the USS "Enterprise" strike group), and November 2013 (deployed alone).

As of February 2016, the "Nitze"'s Commanding Officer was CDR Paul Kaylor, the Executive Officer was CDR Michael Cloud, and the Command Master Chief was Sean Brown.

Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Created on December 15, 1791, the Sixth Amendment (Amendment VI) to the United States Constitution is a part of the United States Bill of Rights. It provides many protections and rights to those accused of a crime. Among the provisions are the right to a lawyer, the right to a speedy public trial and the right to an impartial jury. It gives defendants the right to know who his (or her) accusers are. It also give the defendant the right to know the charges and evidence against him. 

One of the most important rights given is that to legal counsel. It is so important that another right is associated with it. All those who cannot afford to pay for legal assistance will have a lawyer appointed for them at government expense. The federal, state and local justice systems all have provisions to appoint legal counsel for indigent defendants. The appointed counsel assists the defendant in any interrogations by law enforcement. They assist the defendant through the trial phase, sentencing and the initial appeal if there is a conviction. Legal systems, including the U.S. legal system, are complex and not easily understood by the average person. Having an attorney is critical to guiding the defendant through the legal processes. An attorney advises his client, the defendant, as to his or her rights and explains all processes of the criminal proceedings. The attorney protects the defendant's Constitutional rights. An attorney also can negotiate with the prosecution and the court in cases of plea bargains. 

The right to a speedy trail originated with the Assize of Clarendon in 1166. It says that justice must be provided to robbers, murders, and thieves "speedily enough." Those who wrote the Bill of Rights did not want defendants to be prisoners for a long time without the benefit of a trial. They did not want the accused to have their life disrupted, especially when the Fifth and Sixth Amendments both hold a presumption of innocence. Also, the longer a trial is delayed, the more likely that evidence may be lost and that witnesses may forget or cannot be found. 
A right to a speedy trial does not begin until a person has been arrested or formally charged. The government may investigate a crime (within any applicable statute of limitations) for as long as they find it is necessary. They are under no obligation to bring an indictment within a certain period of time. The prosecution may drop any pending criminal charges and open the investigation again at a later time without penalty of the Sixth Amendment. 
If a defendant brings a claim that their speedy trial rights have been violated the court may look at the reasons for the delay, any prejudice or injury to the defendant and how far the prosecution has gone into the criminal proceedings. If a defendant does not assert the right to a speedy trial early enough, they may lose their claim. Defendants who cause unnecessary delays also lose their rights to a speedy trial claim. 
If the delay in bringing a defendant to trial exceeds one year following the arrest, this will trigger a presumption that the Sixth Amendment right to a speedy trial may have been violated. The government may counter if they have good or plausible reasons for the delay. Requests by the prosecution for additional time may be granted if plausible. But if none are offered or the court finds the reasons not plausible, they may dismiss the indictment, overturn a conviction or hear other remedies the defense might seek. 

This right, to a public trial, has its roots in English common law. It reflects the hostility and suspicion felt at the time towards secret proceedings such as the Spanish Inquisition, the French "Lettre de cachet" or England's Star Chamber. The framers of the Bill of Rights believed that public trials would help prevent corruption in judges and prosecutors. It was also thought it might reduce witnesses committing perjury. The United States Supreme Court has held that the right to a public trial applies to federal, state, and local governments. The right is not absolute however. While the public and the press have a First Amendment interest in open proceedings, under some circumstances a defendant waive his rights to a public trial. In cases where undue publicity might hurt the defendant's case, public access to the trial can be restricted.

The right to a jury has always depended on the nature of the offense with which the defendant is charged. Petty offenses—those punishable by imprisonment for no more than six months—are not covered by the jury requirement. Even where multiple petty offenses are concerned, the total time of imprisonment possibly exceeding six months, the right to a jury trial does not exist. Also, in the United States, except for serious offenses (such as murder), minors are usually tried in a juvenile court, which lessens the sentence allowed, but forfeits the right to a jury.

Originally, the Supreme Court held that the Sixth Amendment right to a jury trial indicated a right to “a trial by jury as understood and applied at common law. This includes all the essential elements as they were recognized in this country and England when the Constitution was adopted. Therefore, it was held that juries had to be composed of twelve persons and that verdicts had to be unanimous, as was customary in England. 

When, under the Fourteenth Amendment, the Supreme Court extended the right to a trial by jury to defendants in state courts, it re-examined some of the standards. It has been held that twelve came to be the number of jurors by "historical accident," and that a jury of six would be sufficient, but anything less would deprive the defendant of a right to trial by jury. The Sixth Amendment requires unanimity in a federal jury trial. However, the Supreme Court has ruled that the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, while requiring states to provide jury trials for serious crimes, does not incorporate all the elements of a jury trial within the meaning of the Sixth Amendment. Thus, states are not mandated to require jury unanimity.

The Sixth Amendment's confrontational clause grants the defendant the right to face their accusers. It allows the defense to dispute the testimony given by prosecution witnesses. It also allows the jury the opportunity to decide if a witness is being dishonest in any way. This applies to statements made in court and out of court statements. A court may prevent repeated questioning of witnesses on the same question or harassing a witness. But if a judge restricts the cross-examination of a witness too severely, it may cause a violation of the defendant's Sixth Amendment right to confront witnesses. 

Admitting out of court statements, often called hearsay evidence, may also prevent a defendant from confronting his accusers. There are some exceptions. For example, if a witness is unavailable and testified against the defendant in previous judicial proceedings, and the defendant was able to cross-examine the witness, a transcript of the testimony may be used as evidence. 

The compulsory clause also allows the accused to present witness testimony favorable to the defense.

Trier of fact

In a criminal trial the trier of fact, also called the finder of fact, is the person or persons responsible for deciding the factual issues. This is also called a finding of fact. In a jury trial the trier of fact is the jury. If there is no jury, the trier of fact is the judge. In many types of hearings the trier of fact may be an administrative law judge, a board, commission, or referee. Trier of fact is now considered an older term. The term "finder of fact" has come into use more recently. Once the trier of fact determines what is assumed to be the truth of a matter, then legal rules are applied to those facts. A judge instructs a jury about the legal rules applying to the case. These instructions include what the findings may be. For example the jury may find for the plantiff or the jury may find for the defendant. 

Joel Anthony

Joel Vincent Anthony (born August 9, 1982) is a Canadian professional basketball player. He is a former center of the Detroit Pistons and Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He also plays for the Canadian national basketball team.

Anthony attended Pensacola State College in Pensacola, Florida and transferred to the University of Nevada, Las Vegas after two years. He played college basketball with the Runnin' Rebels from 2004 until 2007.

He went undrafted. He signed a one-year contract with the Miami Heat on July 3, 2007. Anthony re-signed with the Heat on July 20, 2009. On July 16, 2010, Anthony signed a five-year, $18 million contract to stay with Miami. Anthony made his first Finals appearance in 2011 where the Heat lost to the Dallas Mavericks 4 games to 2. The following season, Anthony won his first NBA championship with the Heat after the defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder 4 games to 1 in the 2012 NBA Finals. He won his second championship with the Heat the next when they defeated the San Antonio Spurs 4 games to 3 in the 2013 NBA Finals.

On January 15, 2014, a three-team trade happened involving the Heat, Boston Celtics, and Golden State Warriors. The Heat traded Anthony and a future draft pick, and a 2016 second-round draft pick to the Celtics. The Heat received Toney Douglas from the Warriors and the Warriors received Jordan Crawford and MarShon Brooks from the Celtics. Anthony played a total of 21 regular season games with the Celtics.

On October 17, 2014, the Celtics traded Anthony to the Detroit Pistons in exchange for Will Bynum.

Dalian

Dalian () is an important port city in the Liaoning province of China. It is located on the Liaodong Peninsula. It is the northernmost warm water port in China as well as the southernmost city in Northeast China. The name of the city translates into "Great Link", due to its strategic location on the coast of the East China Sea since it is used for trade with countries like Russia, the North and South Korea, and Japan. Because the port can be used all year, the Russian Empire took control of it in 1898 and built the Trans-Siberian railway to Dailan. The Empire of Japan later took it away from Russia.

Magdalena River

The Magdalena River is the most important river in the western part of Colombia. It has a length of . Its course is from south to north. About 80 percent of the population of Colombia live on the banks of the river or one of its tributaries. Barranquilla, Colombia's biggest city, lies on the banks of the river.

Watercraft can travel on the river up to the city of Honda, about upstream. At Honda, there are rapids. After these rapids, watercraft can travel for another .

Trey Lyles

Trey Anthony Lyles (born November 5, 1995) is a Canadian professional basketball player. He is a power forward/small forward for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has also played for the Utah Jazz, Denver Nuggets, San Antonio Spurs, and the Detroit Pistons.

Lyles played college basketball with the University of Kentucky Wildcats from 2014 until 2015. Lyles had originally committed to play for Indiana but he decommitted in August 2012. He did not play in Kentucky's six-game exhibition series in Nassau, Bahamas because of a leg injury. 

Lyles was drafted by the Utah Jazz in the first round with the 12th overall pick in the 2015 NBA Draft. The Jazz signed him to rookie scale contract on July 7, 2015. On January 14, 2016, Lyles was able to score a season-high 19 points in a 103-101 loss to the Sacramento Kings.

Sturla Gunnarsson

Sturla Gunnarsson (born August 30, 1951) is a Canadian movie director and producer.

Gunnarsson was born in Reykjavík, Iceland in 1951. He moved to Vancouver, British Columbia, with his parents when he was seven years old. His movie "After the Axe", received an Academy Award nomination for Best Documentary Feature. He has since won a number of awards including Emmy Award, Genie Award and Gemini Awards.



Exposure (toxicology)

Toxic exposure means that a toxin (poison) touched or got into a person's body. That person has been exposed to the toxin.

After a person is exposed to a toxin, many different things about that person, the toxin, and the exposure affect "toxicity". Toxicity is how the person reacts to the toxin, including what symptoms they may have.

A person can get exposed to a toxin accidentally or on purpose. People can also use toxins as weapons to try to kill other people (for example, during chemical or biological warfare).

Anything can be a toxin if enough of it gets into a person's body. For example, even water can be toxic. If a person drinks enough water (usually more than 6 gallons in one day), they can get water toxicity (also called "water poisoning" or "water intoxication"). This causes the body's cells to swell up with extra water. Swelling in the brain's cells can cause brain damage or death. Water, in normal amounts, helps keep us alive; but if a person is exposed to enough of it, it becomes a toxin, and it can kill the person.

There are two major types of exposure: acute and chronic.

An acute exposure happens only one time. Chronic exposure happens many times, over a long period of time.

The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) defines these types of exposure this way:

Toxins can get into the body in four different ways. These are called "routes of exposure." The route of exposure is one of the many things that affects toxicity.

Toxins can get into the body through inhalation (the person breathes in the toxin). If a toxin is a gas, inhalation is usually the way it gets into the body.

When a toxin is inhaled, it may injure the airways and the lungs. Also, some toxins can go from the lungs into the bloodstream. The bloodstream then delivers blood - with the toxin in it - to all of the organs in the body. The toxin can then damage those organs.

Inhalation is one of the easiest and fastest ways for toxins to get into the body. The lining of the respiratory tract absorbs toxins into the bloodstream very quickly.

An example of a commonly inhaled toxin is cigarette smoke. There are over 100 toxins in cigarette smoke, including formaldehyde, arsenic, and hydrogen cyanide. Smoking is also an example of "chronic" toxic exposure. The exposure is chronic because the smoker is breathing in toxins many times, over a long period of time.

Another inhaled toxin that causes "acute" exposure is smoke from house fires. There are many toxins in this kind of smoke, including carbon monoxide and cyanide. Firefighters or people who were trapped in fires can get cyanide poisoning or carbon monoxide poisoning from breathing in these toxins. This is an example of an acute exposure, because the smoke was not breathed in for more than 24 hours.

If a toxin gets in a person's eyes or on their skin, it can get taken up into the bloodstream. This is called absorption. Absorption through the skin is the most common route of toxic exposure.

The skin is able to keep some toxins from getting into the body. However, if a person has a cut or wound on their skin, any toxin will be able to get into the body through that wound. Also, the toxin will be taken up into the bloodstream more quickly, because it does not have to get absorbed through the skin.

Exposure by absorption often happens in workplaces where people work with toxins. For example, if a person who works at a gas station spills gasoline on himself, the body will quickly absorb the gasoline into the bloodstream. Some chemical weapons like sarin, a nerve gas, can also be absorbed through the skin and the eyes, along with being inhaled.

Ingestion means that a person swallowed the toxin. Some chemicals cannot get into the bloodstream from the gastrointestinal tract. However, others are absorbed through the lining of the intestinal tract into the bloodstream.

Ingestion of toxins is very common in developing countries, where many people do not have safe drinking water. There are many different toxins that can be carried in water. They can be chemicals, like lead. They can also be biological toxins, like the bacteria that causes cholera, and the viruses that cause Hepatitis A and polio. People ingest these toxins by drinking the contaminated water, or eating food made with the water. The World Health Organization says that about 502,000 people die every year because of toxins in water and the diseases they cause.

Food poisoning is also caused by ingestion of toxins, like "E. coli" bacteria, which can live in foods like meat and poultry.

An injected toxin gets into the body when something carrying the toxin breaks the skin. Injections can go into a vein, a muscle, or just under the skin. Toxins that are injected into a vein have the fastest effects, because the toxin is being put right into the bloodstream.

Some snakes, scorpions, and spiders carry venom. If they bite or sting a person, they are injecting that toxin into the person's body.

An example of a toxin which is often injected on purpose is Botulinum. This is a very deadly toxin that causes botulism, but it is also sold under the name "Botox." Many people choose to get Botulinum toxin injected into their faces to get rid of wrinkles. The toxin paralyzes some of the muscles in the face, usually for three to 12 months, and makes the face look smoother.

Some toxins can get into the body through more than one route of exposure. For example, if water is polluted, a person can get exposed to the toxins in the water by drinking it (ingestion) and by showering or swimming in it (absorption).

Once a person has been exposed to a toxin, there are many things that affect toxicity. This article talks about only a few.

Many things about a person's exposure affect toxicity. Three of the most important things are:

The route of exposure also affects toxicity. For example, if it is injected, snake venom can be life-threatening. However, if it is ingested, snake venom is usually not harmful. The effects of this toxin are very different depending on the route of exposure.

Toxins sometimes affect different people in different ways. This is partly caused by differences in people's bodies. A person's age, gender, genes, hormones, nutrition, and the strength of their immune system all affect toxicity. For example, infants, young children, and the elderly are more likely to get sick from lower concentrations of toxins, which might not make a healthy adult sick.

Some health problems can affect toxicity. For example, inhaling toxins is especially dangerous for people who already have lung diseases, like emphysema. If the lungs are already damaged, breathing in toxins is likely to cause even more damage, and puts the person at risk for respiratory failure.

Also, once a toxin gets into the bloodstream, the body immediately starts trying to get rid of it through excretion. The main organs involved with excretion are the kidneys, liver, and lungs. If a person has damage to any of these organs (like kidney failure or cirrhosis of the liver), they will be unable to get rid of the toxin as fast as a healthy person will. The chemical will stay in their body longer, and have more toxic effects.

Many things about the type of toxin a person was exposed to affect toxicity. Two examples are solubility and pH.

A toxin's solubility is its ability to mix into a liquid. If a toxin is not water-soluble (it cannot dissolve in water), it cannot absorb into the bloodstream. (Plasma, the liquid part of blood, is made mostly of water.) If a person ingests a toxin that cannot dissolve into the watery plasma, the toxin will not absorb into the bloodstream through the lining of the gastrointestinal tract. It will pass out of the body through the gastrointestinal tract.

However, many toxins are water-soluble and will get absorbed into the bloodstream. For example, the "Vibrio cholerae" bacteria is water-soluble. If a person ingests water or food that has this toxin in it, they can get cholera.
Other toxins are "lipid-soluble" (they dissolve in fats). Instead of getting absorbed into the bloodstream, these toxins get stored in the body's fat. When the person's body burns fat to make energy, these toxins are let out and can poison the person. Examples of fat-soluble toxins include lead, DDT, and mercury.

The toxin's pH is also important. For example, if a toxin is a strong acid or a strong base, it can cause severe chemical burns to the eyes and skin. Toxins that have a more neutral pH can still hurt the body by being absorbed into the bloodstream, but they will not burn the eyes and skin. For example, if a person swims or bathes in water contaminated with cholera toxin, the toxin can still get absorbed through his eyes or skin. However, the water will not burn the eyes or skin.


Combatant

A combatant is a person who fights in an armed conflict. Combatants in an interstate armed conflict are protected by parts of the Geneva Conventions as long as they obey the rules of war. Those who fights with non-state armed groups in a non-interstate armed conflicts are not immune from prosecution for waging war against State forces.

Stromule

A stromule is a microscopic structure found in plant cells. Stromules (stroma-filled tubules) are highly dynamic structures extending from the surface of all plastids, including chloroplasts. 

Protrusions from and interconnections between plastids were seen in 1888 and 1908, and have been described from time to time in the literature since then. 

Stromules were recently rediscovered in 1997. They exist in a number of angiosperm species including "Arabidopsis thaliana", wheat, rice and tomato, but their role is not yet fully understood.

Coffin ship

Coffin ships transported Irish immigrants to America and other colonies during the Great Irish Famine (1845-1852). They were the cheapest way to cross the Atlantic but it was a miserable and dangerous journey. The conditions on board were horrible because the ships were so crowded. Also, there was little food and water. There were often diseases on board. 

One third (30%) of the passengers died before the arrival in Canada or the USA. Legend says sharks liked to follow coffin ships because the crew threw the dead bodies overboard.

Marcos Milinkovic

Marcos Antonio Milinković (born December 22, 1971 in Villa Ballester, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine volleyball player. Milinković is 203 cm and weighs 100 kg. He competed in the 1996, 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.


Lauren Collins

Lauren Felice Collins (born August 29, 1986) is a Canadian actress. She acts in both movies and television. She started acting in 1998. Between 2001 and 2008, she played Paige Michalchuk on "". She played a Host in "1 Girl 5 Gays". In 2002, she won a Young Artist Award for her performance in "Degrassi: The Next Generation".

Collins was born in the Thornhill area of the Greater Toronto Area, Ontario. 

Roger Willemsen

Roger Willemsen (15 August 1955 – 7 February 2016) was a German author, essayist and television presenter. He was born in Bonn, North-Rhine Westphalia. He began his career in 1991. In 1994, he starred in his own show "Willemsens Woche". He interviewed many famous people such as Madonna, Jesse Jackson, Audrey Hepburn and Yasser Arafat. He retired in 2006.

Willemsen died of pancreatic cancer on 7 February 2016 in Wentorf bei Hamburg, Schleswig-Holstein. He was aged 60.

Bill Birchfield

William O. Birchfield (December 19, 1935 – February 5, 2016) was an American politician, lawyer, and civic leader in the state of Florida. He called himself as the "Duke of Mayo". He was born in Mayo, Florida. He served in the Florida House of Representatives for the 21st district from 1971 until his resignation in 1974.

Birchfield died in Jacksonville, Florida on February 5, 2016. He died from a heart attack. He was aged 80.

Nida Fazli

Muqtida Hasan Nida Fazli, known as Nida Fazli (‎; 12 October 1938 – 8 February 2016), was an Indian Hindi and Urdu poet. He was born in Gwalior, British Raj. He wrote essays critical of poets of the 1960s in his book "Mulaqatein". This book made many poets angry, including Sahir Ludhianvi, Ali Sardar Jafri and Kaifi Azmi. As a result, he was boycotted in some poetic sessions. He recently wrote columns for the BBC Hindi website on various contemporary issues and literature.

Fazli died of a heart attack in Mumbai on 8 February 2016. He was aged 77.

Sushil Koirala

Sushil Koirala (; 12 August 1939 – 9 February 2016) was a Nepalese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Nepal from 11 February 2014 to 10 October 2015. He was also President of the Nepali Congress party beginning in 2010.

Koirala was elected as Prime Minister of Nepal by the parliament on 10 February 2014. Koirala joined the Nepali Congress in 1952 and served in various roles before becoming its president in 2010.

Koirala was diagnosed with oral cancer in 2006 and lung cancer in July 2014. He died on 9 February 2016 of pneumonia in Kathmandu. He was aged 76.

Roy Rogers (basketball)

Roy Lee Rogers, Jr. (born August 19, 1973) is an American retired professional basketball player. He played in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played a total of 137 games in the NBA from 1996 until 2000. He played for the Vancouver Grizzlies, Boston Celtics, Toronto Raptors, and the Denver Nuggets. After retiring, Rogers became an assistant coach. He currently serves as an assistant coach for the Washington Wizards of the NBA.

Rogers played college basketball for the University of Alabama. He played college basketball with the Crimson Tide from 1992 until 1996.

Rogers was drafted by the Vancouver Grizzlies in the first round with the 22nd overall pick in the 1996 NBA Draft. He played a total of 82 games and started 50 games with the Grizzlies. He scored a total of 543 points during his time in Vancouver. On October 28, 1997, the Grizzlies traded Rogers to the Boston Celtics in exchange for Tony Massenburg and a 2nd-round pick in the 1999 NBA draft.

He only played nine games with the Celtics. He scored seven points with them. On February 18, 1998, the Celtics traded Roger along with Chauncey Billups, Dee Brown and John Thomas to the Toronto Raptors in exchange for Kenny Anderson, Popeye Jones and Žan Tabak.

With the Raptors, Rogers played in six games and scored a total of 13 points. On June 9, 1998, the Raptors traded Rogers along with a two 1st-round picks in the 1998 NBA draft to the Houston Rockets in exchange for Kevin Willis.

Rogers did not play for the Rockets and played most of the 1998 season in Italy. On January 22, 1999, the Rockets traded Rogers along with a 2nd-round pick in the 2000 NBA draft to the Chicago Bulls in exchange for Scottie Pippen. Rogers never played a game for the Bulls and they waived him on February 1, 1999.

On October 1, 1999, he signed a contract with the Denver Nuggets. He played 40 games with them. He retired from playing professional basketball in 2004.

After retiring, Rogers joined the Brooklyn Nets as an assistant coach in 2013. He left the next year and joined the Washington Wizards as their assistant coach.


Suba language

Suba is a language spoken by the Suba people of east Africa. It is almost extinct. It is a Bantu language believed to have developed from the interactions between the Luo and the Bantu speakers of Lusoga. These Lusoga migrated from the Baganda kingdom because of a conflict between tribes.

Robin Chandler Duke

Robin Chandler Duke (born Grace Esther Tippett; October 13, 1923 – February 6, 2016) was an American socialite, journalist, women's rights advocate and diplomat. She served as the United States Ambassador to Norway from September 12, 2000 until March 1, 2001.

Duke was born in Baltimore, Maryland. She was married to actor Jeffrey Lynn and later diplomat Angier Biddle Duke until his death in 1995. She had three children.

Duke died on February 6, 2016 in Charleston, South Carolina. She was aged 92.

Problem solving

Problem solving is a mental activity related to intelligence and thinking. It consists of finding solutions to problems. A problem is a situation that needs to be changed. It suggests that the solution is not totally obvious, for then it would not be a problem. A great deal of human life is spent solving problems. Social life is based on the notion that together we might solve problems which we could not as individuals. 

The word "problem" comes from a Greek word meaning an "obstacle" (something that is in your way). If someone has a problem, they have to find a way of solving the problem. The way to solve it is called a solution. Some problem-solving techniques have been developed and used in artificial intelligence, computer science, engineering, and mathematics. Some are related to mental problem-solving techniques studied in gestalt psychology, cognitive psychology. and chess.

Problems can be classified as ill-defined or well-defined. Ill-defined problems are those that do not have clear goals, solution paths, or expected solution. An example is how to face threats which might perhaps be made in the future. Well-defined problems have specific goals, clearly defined solution paths, and clear expected solutions. These problems also allow for more initial planning than ill-defined problems. 

Being able to solve problems involves the ability to understand what the goal of the problem is and what rules could be applied to solving the problem. Sometimes the problem requires abstract thinking and coming up with a creative solution. 

Internet safety

Internet safety is the topic of teaching people how to be safe when using the internet. It is particularly important when using social media, through which personal information is shared.

Internet safety is mainly taught in primary and secondary schools and focuses on making sure children know that:

Choose a strong password with different characters and numbers.

There are more another ways to secure your devices when surfing through Internet ,You can use a VPN (Virtual Private Network) they are usually more secure then simple , also they help to unlock many websites which are blocked by your service provider , It is usually recommended to use a Paid service rather than using free service. And an Anti-virus must have to be in your device if you want a secure surfing.

.Internet safety 

Onan

Onan (, Modern Onan, Tiberian ʼÔnān ; "Strong") is a person in the Bible. He is in the Book of Genesis, chapter 38. He was the second son of Judah. Like his older brother, Er, Onan was killed by Yahweh. Onan's death was because he was "evil in the sight of the Lord" for being unwilling to father a child by his widowed sister-in-law.

Bad Aibling rail accident

The Bad Aibling rail accident was an accident that happened on the railway line in Bad Aibling in Bavaria, Germany, on 9 February 2016. Twelve people were killed and many more injured when two trains collided head-on, along a single-track line.

The accident happened on the line between Holzkirchen and Rosenheim, in Bavaria, southeastern Germany. The whole line only has a single track. Trains usually cross at stations. The line is equipped with a security system that functioned normally at the time of the accident. In addition, it has been equipped with GSM-R, in 2007. In some places on the line, autonomous block signals are used to secure the track. The line is controlled by different human controllers. The control station responsible for the section where the accident happened is in Bad Aibling. The whole infrastructure had been checked a week before the accident, and was found to be without fault.

One of the trains left Kolbermoor on schedule, and headed towards Holzkirchen, and entered the single track section. The other train was four minutes late. The accident happened because of human error. The person responsible gave the orders to pass by a signal, because he said the signal in question was broken. That meant that both trains were travelling on the same track, and headed towards each other. This was not apparent to the train drivers, because there is a long bend in the track, at that position. The person in charge in Bad Aibling recognised that he had made an error, and issued orders for emergency braking using GSM-R. The first of these was given 36 seconds before the collision. Because he did not use the correct keys, these orders did not reach the train drivers, but other personnel responsible for securing the line. The accident happened at nearly 6:47 local time. Emergency braking was effective only one second before the collision. The trains were running at 52 and 87 km per hour.

Both train drivers were killed in the accident. In total, twelve people were killed, and 87 others injured.

800 people were involved in the rescue. The rescue was very difficult, because the section of track were the accident happened is badly accessible by road. There is a steep hill, on one side, and a canal, with no road access on the other side.

The site of the accident is only 800m from the site where another similar accident had happened in 1945.

Bren light machine gun

The Bren is a light machine gun (LMG) that was used by the British military during World War II. The gun was based on a Czechoslovak gun, the ZB z/26. The name is a shortening of "Brno-Enfield". Brno was the city where the earlier z/26 was made, and Enfield was the company that made the Bren.

It was a simple but well-made LMG. It was well-known for using a curved, top-loading magazine, a carrying handle, and being light enough for one man to carry and use. It was so popular that even the Japanese made their own LMG based on the Bren, the Type-99 light machine gun.

It was so popular among British soldiers that it was used by the British Armed Forces from 1938 to the 1990s.

Big Kap

Big Kap (1970–2016) was a DJ. He was born in New York City. He is well known for his album "The Tunnel" with DJ Funkmaster Flex, which was released in 1999. He died due to a heart attack on February 3, 2016 in New York. He was aged 45 at the time of his death.


Black Mountain (Kentucky)

Black Mountain is a mountain in Kentucky. It is the highest mountain peak in the state of Kentucky, USA. The height of the summit is . It is near the Virginia border. Black bears and lions live on the mountain.

Spring Awakening (festival)

The Spring Awakening Music Festival is an elecronic music festival that has been held at Soldier Field in Chicago, Illinois since 2012. Its music is, mostly, within the genres of Progressive house, Electro house, Techno, and Dubstep. The Main Stage of the Festival is located on the heart of the sports field itself. Two smaller stages are around the outside of the stadium. This setup makes for very loud sound that is heard all around the festival. The festival usually takes place in June. In 2015, the festival had an age limit (18+) for theifirst time.

Chicago is city that is well-known for its culture of House Music. Spring Awakening Music Festival was started in 2012 by the Chicago promotion company React Presents. With main artists like Skrillex and Afrojack the first year of the Festival received a very large crowd and has been held every year since. Spring Awakening Music Festival has included DJ sets from famous DJs such as Calvin Harris, Tiesto, Datsik, Excision, Diplo, Dillon Francis, and Hardwell as well as up-and-coming producers such as Bro Safari, Adventure Club, Figure, Zeds Dead, and Borgore. Over the years, the Festival has grown more and more popular because of the large fan base of Electronic Dance Music in the Chicago-land area. With people now coming from around the world to attend the Festival, there has been talk that the planners of the Festival might also hold other events outside Chicago.


John Holt (educator)

John Caldwell Holt was an American educator and author. He supported homeschooling and unschooling.

Holt became disappointed with the United States school system after several years of working in it. He became convinced that improving the school system was not possible, and began to support homeschooling. Holt believed that children did not need to be pressured into learning. They would learn naturally if they had a variety of resources, and could follow their own interests.

Holt's "Growing Without Schooling", founded in 1977, was the nation's first home education newsletter.

Holt, in his 1964 best-seller "How Children Fail" (2nd ed 1982), said schooling does more harm than good to a child's desire to truly learn. The book was followed by "How Children Learn", which explained his positive ideas (1967, 2nd ed 1983.

Holt's sole book on homeschooling, "Teach Your Own", was published in 1981. It was revised by his colleague Patrick Farenga and republished in 2003.

In his 1974 book, "Escape from Childhood: the needs and rights of children", Holt said that children should have the same independence as adults. These included the right to work for money, sign contracts and be allowed to vote in elections.



Sara al-Drees

Sara al-Drees () or Sara Abd al-Wehab al-Drees () is a Kuwaiti teacher. She is Kuwait's first political detainee. 

Sara al-Drees got a BA in Sociology and Administration from Kuwait University. She is a writer for "Al-Ra'i" newspaper in Kuwait. She is in the Kuwaiti Journalists' Association. She was the leader of the literary cultural club of Kuwait University from 2010 to 2011. She wrote three books. In 2011 she was chosen for a special "nadwa", or workshop for young writers.

The Kuwaiti government arrested her because she made political comments on Twitter. Al-Drees also worked with the Civil Democratic Movement, a group of political parties against the Muslim Brotherhood. 

In 2013, al-Drees got a prison sentence of 20 months for her political comments on Twitter. In November 2015 she got another arrest warrant for criticizing one of the wives of the Prophet Mohammed on Twitter. She was in London, but she said she would go back to Kuwait.

Custer County

Custer County is the name of six counties in the United States:


William Katt

William Theodore Katt (born February 16, 1951) is an American actor and voice actor. He is best known for playing Ralph Hinkley in "The Greatest American Hero". 

Katt was born to Bill Williams and Barbara Hale in Los Angeles.

The Greatest American Hero

The Greatest American Hero is an American comedy-drama television series. It was shown for three seasons from 1981 to 1983 on ABC. It was created by producer Stephen J. Cannell. It premiered as a two-hour television pilot on March 18, 1981. The series features William Katt as teacher Ralph Hinkley. It also starred Robert Culp as FBI agent Bill Maxwell, and Connie Sellecca as lawyer Pam Davidson.

The series chronicles Ralph's adventures after a group of aliens gives him a red suit that gives him superhuman abilities. Unfortunately for Ralph he loses the instruction booklet, and thus has to learn how to use its powers by trial and error.

Planet Asia

Jason Green (better known as Planet Asia; born October 24, 1976) is an American rapper. He is known for being part of the hip hop duo Cali Agents. He is also well known for producing many mixtapes. He was with Interscope Records. However, he was not promoted like more popular Interscope rappers 50 Cent and Eminem.

He was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2002 for the song "W" by Mystic.

He was born Jason Green in Fresno, California.

List of massacres of Azerbaijanis

The following is a list of massacres of Azerbaijanis that have occurred throughout history.


Codex

A codex (plural "codices") is a book-like object with writing on it. On a codex there are separate pages bound together at one edge, whereas a scroll is one continuous long document. The term is used for book-type objects written by hand, and includes books written on vellum or parchment.

The codex transformed the shape of the book itself. As an object, books can last for centuries, and many codices are in the great modern libraries. The codex was first described by the 1st-century AD Roman poet Martial, who praised it. The codex was as common as scrolls by about AD 300. It had completely replaced scrolls in the Greco-Roman world by the 6th century.


Chester-le-Street

Chester-le-Street is an ancient town in the northeast of England. It is in County Durham. Where it stands was a Roman fort called Concangis. This is the 'Chester' (from the Latin "castra") of the town's name. 'Street' refers to the paved Roman road that ran north-south through the town. It is now called Front Street (shown at right).

Chester-le-Street is south of Newcastle upon Tyne and west of Sunderland. It is on the River Wear.
The parish church of St Mary and St Cuthbert is where the body of St Cuthbert lay for 112 years. Then it was taken to Durham Cathedral. The church is the site of the first translation of the Gospels into English. There Aldred wrote the Old English gloss between the lines of the Lindisfarne Gospels.
This place is a market town. Markets are held on Tuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays. Until 2009 the town had its own local government district. The status of the town has been changed several times by local government regulations. The changes were controversial at the time.

Cumberland Mountains

The Cumberland Mountains are a mountain range in the southeastern part of the Appalachian Mountains. They run from northern Tennessee to West Virginia. They include parts of western Virginia and eastern Kentucky. Their highest peak, with an elevation of above sea level, is High Knob near Norton, Virginia. According to the United States Geological Survey, the Cumberland Mountain range is long and wide. It is bounded by the Russell Fork on the northeast, the Pound River and Powell River on the southeast, Cove Creek on the southwest, and Tackett Creek, the Cumberland River, Poor Fork Cumberland River, and Elkhorn Creek on the northwest. It forms the part of the boundary between Kentucky and Virginia. The Cumberland Mountains were named for England's Duke of Cumberland. There are many limestone caves on the Virginia side.

Cumberland Gap

The Cumberland Gap is a narrow pass through the Cumberland Mountains. It is a part of the Appalachian Mountains. It is near the junction of the U.S. states of Kentucky, Virginia, and Tennessee. First used by Native Americans, it was famous during American colonial history as an important path through the lower Appalachians. In 1775 the trail was started by Daniel Boone. Over the next 35 years, over 300,000 Settlers used it to get to the western borders of Kentucky and Tennessee. It was an important part of the Wilderness Road. It is now part of the Cumberland Gap National Historical Park. 

Matricide

Matricide is the act of killing one's mother. In the case of teenage daughters, it is often for one of two reasons. Either the daughter "snapped" (suddenly lost her temper) after suffering abuse or became an abuser herself. Few studies have been done to discover why children commit parricide, matricide or patricide.


Vertical transmission

Vertical transmission (also called mother-to-child transmission, or MTCT) means that an infection is spread from a mother to her fetus during pregnancy or childbirth. Vertically transmitted infections are usually caused by bacteria or viruses.

If the baby still has the infection after he or she is born, the infection may be called a congenital infection.

Here are some examples of infections that can be "vertically transmitted."

Many (but not all) sexually transmitted infections (STIs) can be vertically transmitted. STIs that can be spread from mother to fetus include:

Almost every type of hepatitis can be vertically transmitted. Hepatitis C, D, and E can be spread during pregnancy or childbirth.

Hepatitis B cannot be spread during pregnancy. However, it can be spread during childbirth if the infant touches its mother's blood or other body fluids.

In developed countries, Group B streptococcal infection is the most common cause of bacterial infections in newborns. It can cause infections that are very dangerous to newborns, like meningitis, septicaemia, and pneumonia. These infections can kill a newborn or cause serious long-term health problems.


There are two main ways that infections can be spread during pregnancy or childbirth.

The placenta surrounds and protects the fetus during pregnancy. It keeps the mother's blood from mixing with the fetus's. However, some infections can cross the placenta and infect the fetus. This is called "perinatal infection."

These infections are especially dangerous because they affect the fetus while it is still developing. This is why many vertically transmitted infections are most dangerous to the fetus early on in a pregnancy. All of the fetus's important organs start to grow by the time the fetus is nine weeks old, and they grow the most early on in the pregnancy. If the fetus gets an infection while important parts of its body are developing, the infection can cause problems in the way those parts of the body grow.

These infections are also dangerous because a fetus does not have an immune system of its own. It depends on its mother's immune system. If the mother has an infection that has not been treated, and her immune system cannot fight off the infection, the fetus will not be able to fight off the infection either.

During pregnancy, the placenta protects the fetus from its mother's blood. However, during childbirth, the placenta stays in the womb while the baby travels through the birth canal. While it is being born, the mother's blood and other body fluids get on the baby, and the baby also touches its mother's genitals. Because of this, infections that are carried in the blood, in body fluids, or in sores on the mother's genitals can infect the baby.

Infections are usually more dangerous for newborns and infants than for adults. This is because it takes about six months for an infant's immune system to develop completely. Until the infant's immune system is fully grown, it will not be able to fight off infections as well as an adult could.

Sometimes, medical treatment, like antibiotics, can prevent a baby from getting infections that spread during childbirth.

Some vertically transmitted infections can be prevented if the mother gets vaccines before getting pregnant. These infections include HPV, chickenpox, measles, and rubella. However, while these vaccines are common in developed countries, many people in developing countries do not have good medical care and cannot get vaccines.

Other vertically transmitted infections, like syphilis, can be cured with antibiotics before the mother gets pregnant.

Sexually transmitted infections can often be prevented by having safer sex.
The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) suggests these ways of preventing vertically transmitted infections:

The World Health Organization says that mothers with HIV can lower their baby's risk of getting vertically transmitted HIV to 2% if:


List of earthquakes in Azerbaijan

This list of earthquakes in Azerbaijan, is a list of notable earthquakes that have affected areas within the current boundaries of Azerbaijan.

VX

VX is a type of chemical weapon called a nerve agent. It is a very toxic chemical. Because it is so toxic, it cannot be used as anything other than a chemical weapon. The United Nations classifies VX as a weapon of mass destruction.

VX is the most toxic nerve agent ever created. The Council on Foreign Relations says: "A fraction of a drop of VX, absorbed through the skin, can fatally disrupt the nervous system."

The Chemical Weapons Convention of 1993, an international law, made it illegal for countries to use chemical weapons like VX. It also made it illegal to make or keep more than 100 grams of VX. It allows some scientists to make and use amounts under 100 grams only if they are trying to create an antidote, or doing medical research.

VX is one of the "V-series nerve agents" which were made in the 1950s by the United Kingdom's military researchers. Nobody agrees on why these nerve agents are called "V-series." Different people say the "V" stands for "Victory" or "Venomous" (poisonous), or "Viscous" (thick liquid).

VX is a liquid that cannot be smelled or tasted. It is a thick liquid with the texture of motor oil. As a weapon, it can be used as a liquid or an aerosol. It could be spread by air, through water, or through food.

Making VX is difficult and very dangerous. Many toxic and dangerous chemicals are used in the process. 

VX works the same way other nerve agents do. It blocks nerve signals from getting from the brain to the body. Normally, a neurotransmitter (chemical messenger) called acetylcholine tells the body's muscles to tighten up when they need to. When it is time for the muscles to relax, an enzyme called acetylcholinesterase destroys acetylcholine, so the muscles stop getting the signal to relax.

VX blocks acetylcholinesterase. Acetylcholine builds up, because it is not getting destroyed by acetylcholinesterase. The muscles get tighter and tighter, because the extra acetylcholine keeps telling them to. The extra acetylcholine also signals the parasympathetic nervous system to work extra hard. These changes in the body cause the signs and symptoms of VX poisoning.

The earliest symptoms of VX poisoning depend on how a person was exposed to VX. If VX got on a person's skin, their first symptoms might be sweating or twitching muscles near where the VX was. If the person breathed in VX, their first symptoms might be a runny nose and trouble breathing, caused by the bronchi (the tubes that bring air to the lungs) getting narrower.
All nerve agents have the same symptoms, because they work the same way. They make the parasympathetic nervous system work too hard. They also keep signals from the brain from getting through to the body, so the brain cannot tell the muscles to relax. This causes a group of unique symptoms:

People with VX poisoning can have seizures and go into status epilepticus. They can die because their breathing muscles get so tight that they do not work.

If a person got VX on their skin, the first step is to wash away the VX with bleach and water. This is called "decontamination." Removing clothing that the VX touched is also part of decontamination.

There are antidotes for nerve agent poisoning. They have to be given together.

However, nerve agents like VX work very quickly. Antidotes usually have to be given within a few minutes after a person was exposed to VX. If pralidoxime is not given soon enough, it cannot reverse VX's effects.

Usually, a sedative like diazepam (Valium) is also given. This will help the body's muscles relax, and can prevent seizures.


Central Zazaki

Central Zazaki (in Zaza language: "Zazakiyê Merkezi" or "Zazakiyê Miyani"; means Middle Zazaki) is one of three main dialects of the Zazaki language. This is spoken by the Zaza people in central parts of Eastern Anatolia Region of Turkey. Central Zazaki is spoken by over 1 million people in the eastern cities of Turkey, such as Elazığ, north of Diyarbakır, west of Bingöl and east of Malatya.

Mawlid of the Nebi

Mawlif of the Nebi (in Zazaki language: "Mewlıdê Nebi", or in modern Zazaki, "Biyayışê Peyğamberi") is the first book written in the Zazaki language. It was written by Ahmed el-Hasi in Diyarbakır in 1899 and was published on March 25, 1899. The book is a religious book and includes stories about the birth of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. The title of the book means "Birth of the Prophet".

It was originally written in the Ottoman Turkish alphabet, which uses the Arabic script. Zazaki turned to using the Latin script in 1928 and the Mawlid was rewritten in this writing system, using the Zazaki alphabet.

Me and My Gang

Me and My Gang is the fourth studio album by American country music duo Rascal Flatts. The album was released on April 4, 2006, through Lyric Street Records. It debuted as No. 1 on Billboard 200. It held that position for three weeks. "Me and My Gang" had the highest sales of any album in 2006. RIAA certified it as five times platinum.

On April 25, 2007, Rascal Flatts performed "My Wish" on "American Idol" as part of fundraising for charities. The campaign was named "Idol Gives Back".

Yucatan, Missouri

Yucatan is an unincorporated community in Callaway County, Missouri, United States.

<br>

Portland, Missouri

Portland is an unincorporated community in Callaway County, Missouri, United States. It is part of the Jefferson City, Missouri . It is located at (38.710161,-91.717166) on Route 94 about twenty miles northeast of Jefferson City.

The village was laid out in 1831. Its location on the Missouri River made it a popular shipping point for the farms and plantations of Callaway County. The name Portland stems from that activity.

Toledo, Callaway County, Missouri

Toledo is an unincorporated community in Callaway County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.

A post office called Toledo was established in 1887. It operated until 1905.

<br>

Toledo, Ozark County, Missouri

Toledo is an unincorporated community in Ozark County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Fulton

Fulton may refer to:





Songül Öden

Songül Öden (born 1979 in Diyarbakır) is a Turkish actress. She is famous for her role as Gümüş Şadoğlu in Turkish series "Gümüş". She graduated in theatre from the University of Ankara. She is an ethnic Zaza.

She is well-liked as an actress in the Middle East.

Fulton, Missouri

Fulton is a town in Missouri, United States. It is the county seat of Callaway County. It is part of the Jefferson City, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 12,600 in the 2020 census.


Callaway County, Missouri

Callaway County is a county located in the U.S. state of Missouri. In the 2020 U.S. Census, the county's population was 44,283. Its county seat is Fulton. It is named for Captain James Callaway, grandson of Daniel Boone.


Kansas City metropolitan area

The Kansas City metropolitan area surrounds the city of Kansas City, Missouri. It includes 15 counties in both Missouri and Kansas. With a population of 2.34 million people, it is the second largest metropolitan area in Missouri behind Greater St. Louis. However, the Kansas city metropolitan area is currently showing a 3.1 percent growth rate. The St. Louis metropolitan area is only growing at a rate of .7 percent.

<br>

Choking agent

A choking agent, also called a pulmonary agent, is a type of chemical weapon. Choking agents make fluid build up in the lungs, and can cause suffocation.

The most common examples of choking agents are chlorine and phosgene. There are others, but they are not often used.

Phosgene is the most dangerous choking agent that is commonly used.

Phosgene can be a liquid or a gas. As a gas, it is heavier than air, so it can stay near the ground (where people can breathe it in for long periods of time. It smells like freshly cut grass or moldy hay.

Along with being a choking agent, phosgene is also a blood agent. This means it keeps oxygen from getting into the body's cells. Without oxygen, a person's cells will die, and the person will suffocate.

Phosgene usually does not cause its worst effects right away. The worst symptoms do not happen until 12 hours after a person breathed in phosgene. The person usually dies within 24 to 48 hours.

Chlorine is naturally a gas, but it can be made into a liquid or a solid. Chlorine is used to make many different things, like plastics, and is used to clean swimming pools.

Chlorine gas is very dangerous if it is inhaled. Chlorine can react with water in the lungs to make hydrochloric acid. This is a very strong acid which can burn the lungs so badly that a person dies.

The signs and symptoms of exposure to a choking agent depend on how the chemical got into a person's body. 

If a choking agent gets into a person's eyes or on their skin, it usually causes very bad burns.

If a choking agent is inhaled, it usually causes:

If a person got a high enough dose of a choking agent, they will eventually suffocate.

Phosgene and chlorine gas were both used as weapons during World War I. Chlorine was used first. It was the first chemical weapon that was used during the war to try to kill enemy soldiers. (Before this, countries like France and Germany had used tear gas, which is not meant to kill people.) 

Chlorine was used as a weapon for the first time by the German Army around January 1915, against the British Army. At the time, German Major Karl von Zingler wrote: "[I]t has been said that our Chlorine is very effective. 140 English officers have been killed. This is a horrible weapon ...".

About four months later, the German Army used chlorine gas for the first time against French and Algerian soldiers. These soldiers did not know about this new weapon, and they panicked and tried to run away. However, running makes chlorine's effects worse. In a few minutes, the gas killed more than 1,000 French and Algerian soldiers, and injured more than 4,000 others. One soldier who survived said:

"[I watched] figures running wildly in confusion over the fields. Greenish-gray clouds swept down upon them, turning yellow as they traveled over the country blasting everything they touched and shriveling up the [plants]. . . . Then there staggered into our midst French soldiers, blinded, coughing, chests heaving, faces an ugly purple color, lips speechless with agony, and behind them in the gas soaked trenches, we learned that they had left hundreds of dead and dying comrades."

In September 1915, the British Army used chlorine gas as a weapon for the first time.

The German Army used chlorine gas as a weapon many more times, against French, Canadian, and Russian soldiers. In one attack on Russian soldiers in Poland, 9,000 Russian soldiers were injured by the gas, and more than 1,000 were killed.

However, soon soldiers learned that the effects of chlorine were not as bad if they stayed still, got as high off the ground as possible, and used a damp cloth to cover their mouths and faces. Because chlorine gas is green, soldiers could see the chlorine coming and would have time to protect themselves. This made chlorine gas less deadly, and both sides soon switched to using phosgene.

Phosgene was first used by the German Army to attack the British Army in 1915. After that, phosgene was used often during World War I. Countries on both sides of the war - including Germany, France, the United Kingdom, and the United States - used phosgene to attack enemy soldiers. Often they mixed it with chlorine, with the goal of killing more people. 

In World War I, phosgene caused about 85% of the 100,000 deaths caused by poison gas during the war (a total of about 85,000 deaths).

After people saw the effects of poison gases during World War I, these gases were not used often after that war.

However, the Imperial Japanese Army used phosgene against China many times during the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937-1945).

In 2007, Iraqi insurgents used chlorine bombs to attack soldiers and civilians. Over 350 people got sick from the first attack. In two other attacks, more than 30 people died in each attack.


Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution

In statistics the Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution is a particular probability distribution named after James Clerk Maxwell and Ludwig Boltzmann. 
It was first defined and used in physics (in particular in statistical mechanics) for describing particle speeds in idealized gases. In an idealized gas the particles move freely inside a stationary container without interacting with one another, most of the time. Sometimes they collide and exchange energy and momentum with each other or with their thermal environment. Particle in this context refers to gaseous particles (atoms or molecules), and the system of particles is assumed to have reached thermodynamic equilibrium.
While the distribution was first derived by Maxwell in 1860 on heuristic grounds, Boltzmann later carried out significant investigations into the physical origins of this distribution.

A particle speed probability distribution indicates which speeds are more likely: a particle will have a speed selected randomly from the distribution, and is more likely to be within one range of speeds than another. The distribution depends on the temperature of the system and the mass of the particle.
The Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution applies to the classical ideal gas, which is an idealization of real gases. In real gases, there are various effects (e.g., van der Waals interactions, vortical flow, relativistic speed limits, and quantum exchange interactions) that can make their speed distribution different from the Maxwell–Boltzmann form. However, rarefied gases at ordinary temperatures behave very nearly like an ideal gas and the Maxwell speed distribution is an excellent approximation for such gases. For this reason, it forms the basis of the Kinetic theory of gases, which provides a simplified explanation of many fundamental gaseous properties, including pressure and diffusion.

Jessye Norman

Jessye Mae Norman (September 15, 1945 – September 30, 2019) was an American opera singer. She was a dramatic soprano. She often sung works by Richard Wagner. Norman was in the Georgia Music Hall of Fame. She won Grammy Awards. She received a Spingarn Medal. She also got a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, and a National Medal of Arts.

In 1970, she performed in Italy for the first time. There she sang in Handel's "Deborah". The following year, she performed at the Maggio Musicale for the first time. There she sang in "L'Africaine". 
Norman was born in Augusta, Georgia.

She died on September 30, 2019 at a Manhattan hospital from multiple organ failure and sepsis caused by a spinal cord injury at the age of 74. In "The Simpsons" episode, "Go Big or Go Homer", was dedicated to her memory.

The Perfumed Garden

The Perfumed Garden of Sensual Delight ( "") is an Islamic sex manual, similar to the Hindu Kama Sutra, written in the 15th century by Muhammad ibn Muhammad al-Nefzawi, also known simply as "Nefzawi". It is written in Arabic. "The Perfumed Garden" is an example of erotic literature and contains sex among humans (heterosexual and homosexual) and animals.

The book was first translated into English by Richard Francis Burton in 1886. He translated it through a French translation. He could not complete his translation because the book was not widely acceptable because of its content. After him a new French translation by René R. Khawam was published in 1976. In 1923, the English composer Kaikhosru Shapurji Sorabji wrote "Le jardin parfumé: Poem for Piano Solo".


Hértevin language

Hértevin language (in Hértevin: ܣܘܪܬ "Sôreth") is an Aramaic or Syriac language that was originally spoken in a group of villages in the southeastern part of Turkey. It is especially in Siirt Province. Speakers of Hértevin Aramaic have moved mostly to Western countries, and are now scattered and isolated from one another. A few speakers remain in Turkey.


Abdul Hamid II

Abdul Hamid II (21 September 1842 – 10 February 1918) was the 34th Sultan of the Ottoman Empire. He was the last sultan to have complete control over the Empire. He was responsible of the Hamidian massacres. Killing between 100.000 - 300.000 Armenians. He witnessed many revolutions and wars. Abdul Hamid II ruled from 1876 to 1909, until he was overthrown by a group of people calling themselves the "Young Turks". Abdul Hamid II was the last ruler who nearly had total authority. Meaning that his authority was hardly limited by policies or reforms such as a constitution.

He modernized the Ottoman Empire during his reign. Railways, schools and hospitals were built under his rule. He also seeked to unify the Muslims in the Empire under Pan-Islamism. Others had tried to unify people in the Empire under Ottomanism (identity based on shared belonging to the Ottoman Empire).

Sultan Abdul Hamid II was the one who authorized the building of the Hamidiye Mosque, which was finished in 1886. The Mosque was built near the Yildiz Palace, and its decoration style combines the classical Ottoman with Neo-Gothic. It became a symbol for the ruler's authority.

His reign ended as Young Turks revolted against him, effectively deposing him and putting their favored sultan, Mehmed V.

Brain death

Brain death means that the brain has stopped working. Brain death is permanent, and cannot be cured or reversed. No treatment can help. When a person is brain dead, there is no activity in any part of their brain. Every part of the brain is dead; no oxygen flows to the brain, and there is no electrical activity in any part of the brain.

The brain controls everything we need to do to stay alive. For example, it controls breathing, body temperature, heart rate, and many other important things. When a person is brain dead, their brain cannot control any of these things. A brain-dead person cannot breathe on their own. They will never be able to wake up or be aware of what is going on around them.

Sometimes, brain-dead people are kept alive with special machines and medications. For example, doctors can put a tube down a person's throat and use a machine called a ventilator to pump oxygen into their lungs. While these machines can keep the person's other organs alive for a while, they cannot help the brain get better. Eventually, the person's other organs will stop working too.

Doctors can diagnose brain death by examining the patient. They will check for reflexes which are controlled by the brainstem, and see if the person can breathe on their own. If the person is brain-dead, the doctor will find:

Before diagnosing brain death, doctors will check for any other problem that could look like brain death (for example, a very low body temperature, or an overdose of sedatives). They will usually wait six to 24 hours before checking again to make sure the person still has no signs of activity in the brain. Then a second doctor is called in to do the same tests. If both doctors agree, the patient can officially be diagnosed "brain dead."

Sometimes, doctors use other tests which can diagnose brain death right away. These tests include:

Brain death happens because of an injury to the entire brain. The most common causes are:

Swelling or bleeding in the brain can cut off blood flow to the brain and push on the brainstem. If it gets bad enough, it can crush the brainstem.


Luis Guillermo Solís

Luis Guillermo Solís Rivera (born 25 April 1958) is a Costa Rican politician. He was the President of Costa Rica from 2014 to 2018.

Interrogation

Interrogation (also called questioning) generally means formally or informally interviewing a person to gain needed information of some kind. Interrogations are used by military organizations, intelligence agencies and law enforcement agencies worldwide. Sometimes the interrogated person is suspected of committing a crime or thought to have a reason to hide the information. The questioner in criminal and military interrogations is often an officer trained in different interrogation techniques. Depending on how they view the person being questioned or the purpose of the interrogation, the methods used may vary widely. For example:

An interrogation may often begin with several closed-ended questions. Examples would be "are you comfortable" or "would you like a cigarette"? The intent is for the interviewer to control the conversation and put the person being interrogated at ease. Let them think they are not in any trouble.

Next may follow asking narrative questions to find out what the person knows about a subject. Next, the interrogator may ask direct questions. Throughout the interview interrogators may ask "cross-questions". These are the same question asked in different ways and at different times during the interview to see if the person being questioned answers them the same every time.

A method taught to police interrogators since the 1970s is called the Reid technique. It was named for a Chicago police officer who developed it in the 1940s. It is widely used in North America because it gets confessions; sometimes false confessions. It is based on outdated psychology that maintains if a person shows stress they are lying. Unfortunately most people show stress when in stressful conditions. Suspects are questioned, often by teams of police officers. The Good cop/bad cop routine seen on police procedural shows is an example of the Reid technique. The police use this method to convince a suspect that confessing to the crime (whether they are guilty or not) is the best way out for the suspect. Many false confessions have been obtained this way resulting in false inprisonments.

A police officer may stop and question a person at any time. They do not need to give a Miranda warning before informal questioning or before making an arrest. But any information gained this way is not admissible at a trial against the person. Miranda required advising a person of their rights before being question in police custody. If the person asks the officer if they are free to leave, they are not in custody. That is one of the few things a police officer may not lie about. During questioning police may use trickery, lying or other forms of deception in order to get a confession from a suspect. 

A fairly new technique is being used in the UK, Denmark, New Zealand and other places. The word PEACE is an acronym for Preparation and Planning, Engage and Explain, Account, Closure and Evaluate. It is considered a more ethical model of police questioning. It is intended to prevent wrongful convictions by eliminating any coercion or deceptive methods. When tested in England and Wales, it resulted in the same percentage of convictions as the older methods produced. Peace is more of a journalistic approach. It assumes a liar will find it increasingly difficult to keep all the lies consistent and will eventually break down and confess. 

A historic method of obtaining confessions is the applying of the so-called third degree. It consists of treating a suspect brutally, keeping them awake for long periods of time with no food or water. Beatings were given along with threats. Often a suspect confessed to stop the abuse. The suspect was then forced to sign a paper saying he was not intimidated or coerced into giving his statement. In 1937, the court threw out a confession upon learning it was not given voluntarily but the defendant had been hung from a tree and whipped until he confessed.

Even though it is a serious breach of most international agreements, torture is still used by some police, military and intelligence services. Torture is prohibited under international law, but it is still used. In 2014 the Senate Intelligence Committee found that the Central Intelligence Agency tortured terror suspects. 

Trenton

Trenton may refer to:



Vargas

Vargas State (, ) is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. It is named after Venezuela's first civilian president, José María Vargas. The state covers an area along the Caribbean coast in the north of Venezuela. It borders Aragua to the west and Miranda to the east. Caracas is to the south. Vargas contains the country's largest seaport and airport. The state's capital city is La Guaira.

The area was previously governed as part of Venezuela's Federal District. The governor was chosen by the federal government of Venezuela. In 1998 the government of Rafael Caldera made Vargas split Vargas from the Federal District. Shortly after this it became the 23rd state of Venezuela.


Akron (disambiguation)

Akron is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio.

Akron may also refer to:






Pat Fraley

Patrick Howard "Pat" Fraley (born February 18, 1949) is an American voice actor and voice-over teacher. He is best known as the voice of Krang, Casey Jones, Baxter Stockman and many other characters. He is also known for his voice roles in the 1987 "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" TV series. He also voiced Buzz Lightyear for actor Tim Allen in the early years in various video games, computer games, merchandise, attractions, and the Disney On Ice Disneyland Adventure.


Joplin

Joplin may refer to:



Church of God International (United States)

The Church of God, International (CGI) is a denomination of Christianity. It is one of many denominations to come out of the Worldwide Church of God (WCG). The Worldwide Church of God was started by Herbert W. Armstrong.

CGI was started in 1978 by four members of the Worldwide Church of God, with minister Garner Ted Armstrong (1930-2003) Garner Ted was excommunicated from the WCG by his father, Herbert W. Armstrong. They argued about beliefs and about how the church should be run.

CGI began in Tyler, Texas. Garner Ted also started the Garner Ted Armstrong Evangelistic Association.

Garner Ted Armstrong led CGI until 1998. Church leaders tried to start a church where the ministers acted as servants to the people. They thought the ministers in the WCG had abused their power over the people. In 1998 Garner Ted Armstrong himself was forced to leave CGI by church leaders. He was accused of sexual assault. Mr. Armstrong left CGI and started the Intercontinental Church of God. Ronald L. Dart, an important leader in CGI also left to start a church called Christian Educational Ministries (CGI). After this, leaders in the CGI tried to move forward and continue "the work". Now, leaders and ministers share power with a "Ministerial Council". The chairman of the Council is elected every three years. Charles Groce served as Chief Executive Officer for the church until 27 June 2015. Then he retired. Vance Stinson is now chairman. The Council also started a program to train new leaders called MAP (Ministerial Apprentice Program). CGI tries to keep a good relationship with many of the other churches that left the Worldwide Church of God. It is a "Ministry Partnership" with a some of them.

The CGI believes and worships like many other Christian churches, except:


CGI has churches in the United States, Canada, Jamaica, Ireland, Australia and the Philippines. CGI has a television program called "Armor of God". It also has "Prevail Magazine", which discusses Christian living. The church also has a newspaper which comes out every three months called "The International News". This newspaper discusses beliefs, worship, prophecy, church news, and world news. The church also supports a program for young people ages 18–30 called "Infuse". This includes a quarterly magazine, a website, and service activities for local churches and communities. The program is run by volunteers and includes older people who support the program. It is also open to young people in other churches.

In 2013, the church decided use the internet more to reach people, and is building a new studio to begin 
broadcasting in high-definition television.


Cojedes

Cojedes State () is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital city is San Carlos. Cojedes covers a total area of 14,800 km². It had a population of 323,165 in 2011.

Portuguesa

Portuguesa may refer to:





Johann Gottlieb Fichte

Johann Gottlieb Fichte (; ; May 19, 1762 – January 27, 1814), was a German philosopher. He was one of the first philosophers of the movement known as German idealism. He died of typhus in Berlin.

Tom Ellis (actor)

Thomas John Ellis (born 17 November 1978) is a British actor. He is known for playing Lucifer Morningstar in the Fox urban fantasy series "Lucifer" and its DC Universe crossover appearances. He has also played Gary Preston in the BBC One sitcom "Miranda", William Rush in the USA Network series "Rush" and Mark Etches in the supernatural drama "The Fades".

Ellis was born in Cardiff, Wales. He has an English background. His ancestry traces back to the county of Devon. He grew up in England. Ellis went to school in Sheffield.

Ellis was married English actress Tamzin Outhwaite from 2006 until their divorce in 2014. He married American screenwriter Meaghan Oppenheimer in 2019. He has three children.

Benchmark

A benchmark is a standard, or set of standards, that a product can have to show a level of quality. It can also be a test that a person makes a product like a computer do to see how good it can do a task, or set of tasks. Some computer benchmarks are to test the CPU or the GPU. People use benchmarks to see if their computer can run some kinds of software or games. People also use benchmarks to see if one piece of hardware is better than another.

Anti-Federalism

Anti-Federalism refers to a diverse group of Americans who opposed the ratification of the 1787 United States Constitution. Anti-Federalists believed a strong central government could become corrupt and tyrannical, as they believed England had become. They wanted a weak central government just as they had with the Articles of Confederation. One of the many points that the Anti-Federalists disagreed with the Federalists was that the Constitution did not have a Bill of Rights. Federalists argued the Constitution did not need a Bill of Rights, but agreed finally to add several amendments to the Constitution. The House of Representatives approved 17 amendments. The Senate passed on 12 of these for ratification by the states. Of the 12, 10 were ratified by the 13 states, becoming known as the United States Bill of Rights. Virginia was the last to ratify the amendments on December 15, 1791.

Under the new government, many Anti-Federalists created the Democratic-Republican Party.

Lateral root

Lateral roots are plant roots that extend horizontally from the main root (radicle). They serve to anchor the plant securely to the soil. The branching of roots helps water uptake. With the water comes similar required

required for the growth and development of the plant.

Kevin Randleman

Kevin Christopher Randleman (August 10, 1971 – February 11, 2016) was an American mixed martial arts fighter and wrestler. He was a UFC Heavyweight Champion from 1999 to 2000. He fought professionally from 1996 until 2011, winning 17 out of his 33 fights.

Randleman was born in Sandusky, Ohio. He was married twice and had three children.

Randleman died from heart failure caused by pneumonia on February 11, 2016 in San Diego, California. He was 44.

Mabel Matiz

Mabel Matiz (born Fatih Karaca, August 31, 1985 in Mersin) is a Turkish singer, writer and dentist. He chose Mabel Matiz as stage name. Mabel is a character in the novel Kumral Ada Mavi Tuna. Matiz means "drunk" in old Greek language. He has released 3 studio albums. He studied dentistry at the University of Istanbul, and graduated in 2008. He briefly worked in a health care clinic until starting a music career. He is an LGBT supporter and LGBT rights activist.

Chris Isaak

Chris Isaak (born June 26, 1956) is an American rock musician and actor. He is known for his 1950s rock and roll style. His songs are usually about love, loss and heartbreak. His has been singing for four decades. He has had twelve studio albums.

In 1990, his song "Wicked Game" was released. It became a Top 10 hit in 1991.

Isaak was born in Stockton, California.

Nixa, Missouri

Nixa is a city in Christian County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 23,257. It is part of the Springfield, Missouri metropolitan area.

The area was first settled by farmers who located their farms along the wooded streams near present day Nixa. Many people traveled through Nixa, because it was a half-day ride with a team of horses from Springfield. Wagon drivers found it a convenient stopover site when hauling freight between Springfield and Arkansas. The community was first known as "Faughts". 
An early resident, Nicholas A. Inman, was a blacksmith from Tennessee who set up a shop in 1852. When a post office was opened, a town meeting was held to decide on a name for the community. Because of his years of service to the community it was suggested the town be named for him. Another suggestion was to call it "nix" because the community was "nothing but a crossroads". It was finally decided to take the name Nix and add the first letter of Inman's middle name, "a", to get the unique name Nixa. The village of Nixa incorporated on June 10, 1902.

Nixa is located at (37.045253, -93.298755). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all of it land. The modern day city rests on and around seven hills.

All the schools in Nixa are public. Currently, the Nixa R-2 School District operates four elementary schools for students in kindergarten through fourth grade. These are Matthews, Espy, Century, and the newest, High Pointe Elementary (named so because it sits on the highest elevation in Christian County), opened in August 2007. There are also two intermediate schools for students in the fifth and sixth grades—Inman and Summit. There is one junior high school and one high school. There is also a magnet school for Kindergarten through 6th grade- John Thomas School of Discovery (JTSD). The old Main Street Elementary School building has become an administration building, named Faught Administration Center. The district is widely considered one of the best school districts in Missouri. The district has received the Missouri Department of Elementary and Secondary Education's Distinction in Performance Award for each of the last five years. Its Missouri Assessment Program (MAP) scores surpassed state averages in all 10 assessments. Nixa High School is ranked one of the best in the nation by U.S. News & World Report.

In the Robert Ludlum novels and movies (fiction), Nixa, Missouri is the birthplace of the character Jason Bourne. It was revealed in "The Bourne Supremacy" that Bourne's real name was David Webb and that he was born in Nixa, Missouri.

Several streets in a neighborhood northeast of downtown are named for performers on ABC-TV's "Ozark Jubilee", including Nixa native Slim Wilson. They include Slim Wilson Boulevard, Red Foley Court, Zed Tennis Street, Bill Ring Court, (Speedy) Haworth Court and Ozark Jubilee Drive.

A 2013 episode of the Investigation Discovery television series "Beauty Queen Murder" featured a murder in Nixa—the 1985 death of Jackie Johns. The murder was not solved until 2007, when DNA evidence proved that fellow Nixa resident Gerald Carnahan had raped and murdered the young lady.


Alpine chough

The Alpine chough ("Pyrrhocorax graculus") is a type of bird in the crow family. It is one of only two species in the genus "Pyrrhocorax". It nests in the mountains. It can be found in Spain and Morocco eastwards through southern Europe to the Himalayas.

The golden eagle is a predator on the chough.

Kentucky Camp, Arizona

Kentucky Camp is a ghost town in Arizona. It was a mining camp.

Rocky Road to Dublin

"Rocky Road to Dublin" is an Irish folk song. The song was made in the 19th century by the composer D. K. Gavan. It tells a story about a man who is going from his home in Tuam, Ireland to Liverpool, England. It is a hard song to play and needs a lot of practice.


Undertale

Undertale (also written as UNDERTALE) is a role-playing video game made by Toby Fox, an independent artist.

In the game, players control a human child who has fallen into the Underground, a large and out-of-the-way place under a mountain, separated from the rest of the world by a magic wall called the Barrier. The player meets many kinds of monsters as they try to return to the surface, mainly through the fighting system; the player takes turns selecting actions and avoiding attacks made of many bullets, and can choose to befriend or subdue monsters so that they won't get killed. The player's choices change many things in the game, including how characters act, and what kind of story it is.

Fox developed almost the whole game by himself. He wrote the words and made the music by himself, and only used a few pieces of extra art given to him by other artists. The game was inspired by the "Mother" and "Mario & Luigi" role-playing series, the "bullet hell" shooter series "Touhou Project", and the British comedy show "Mr. Bean". "Undertale" was originally meant to be two hours long and released in mid-2014, but creating the game took over three years, making the story longer and not making the game available until much later.

The game was released on Steam for Microsoft Windows and OS X on September 15, 2015. When it was released, the game was praised for its writing, themes, easy-to-learn fighting system, music, and original ideas; with praise directed towards its story, dialogue, and characters. The game sold over a million copies, and was nominated for many honors and awards, including Game of the Year from many gaming news sources, winning others from conventions including South by Southwest.

"Undertale" is a role-playing game that shows everything from above. In the game, players control a child and finish tasks in order to go forward in the story. Players explore an underground world of towns and areas, and must solve many puzzles on the way. The underground world is the home of monsters, many of whom fight the player; players decide to fight, run away, act, or make friends with them.

When players meet enemies in either scripted events or random encounters, they enter a battle mode. During battles, players control a small red heart which represents their soul, and must avoid attacks shot by the monster(s) in a way much like a bullet hell shooter. Later the game, new types of gameplay are shown. These include blue-colored bullets that only hurt when the player is moving, or orange bullets that only hurt when staying still. Boss battles often introduce these coloured bullet mechanics. Players can use the FIGHT option to attack, which involves timed button presses. Players can also use the ACT option to do many different actions, which are different for each enemy, usually for a peaceful resolution. Players can also use the ITEM option to eat food to heal, or to put on weapons or armor. Players can also use the MERCY option to spare enemies or run away. Monsters can be spared only if they have been beaten up enough to make them weak and unable to fight, or if they have been pleased by the right actions. In order for some boss battles to be completed without involving murder, the player must survive until the character they are facing has finished their dialogue. The game has many story branches and endings depending on whether players choose to murder or spare their enemies; and as such, it is possible to clear the game without murdering a single enemy. Players earn EXP and gold for killing monsters. 

Monsters will talk with players during the battles, and the game will often tell the players what the monster's feelings and actions are. Enemy attacks can change based on how players interact with them: if the player chooses non-violent options, enemy attacks are easy, but they become harder if players choose violent options. The game uses many metafictional elements in both its gameplay and story. When players play in a boss battle more than once, the dialogue will change depending on actions from the times they played the battle before.

In late October 2018, Toby fox hinted at the release of a new game called "Deltarune", which was released on 31 October, on his Twitter page. This new game is set in a similar world to "Undertale" and is familiar to previous players of "Undertale". It follows the story of a human, a monster and a "darkner" to bring balance to the world.

Currently, only Chapter 1 and 2 have been released; Fox plans to create a development team and release the full game, with one ending only, when it is complete.

Manuel Vicente

Manuel Sesimbra Vicente (born 15 May 1956) is an Angolan politician. He has been Vice President of Angola since September 2012. He was born in Central Luanda.

Before becoming vice president, Vicente served as the chairman of Sonangol. Sonangol is an oil and natural gas company owned by the government of Angola.

Rank correlation

A rank correlation is any statistic that measures the relationship between rankings. A "ranking" is the assignment of "first", "second", "third", etc. to different observations of a variable. A rank correlation coefficient measures the degree of similarity between two rankings.

One might test for "do colleges with a higher-ranked basketball program tend to have a higher-ranked football program?" A quite important question is "do people with higher-ranked education tend to get higher levels of income?"

Some of the most used rank correlation statistics are

An increasing rank correlation coefficient implies increasing agreement between rankings. The coefficient is inside the interval [−1, 1] and assumes the value:


Dave Kerby recommended the rank-biserial as the measure to introduce students to rank correlation, because the general logic can be explained at an introductory level. 

Kerby showed that this rank correlation can be expressed in terms of two figures: the percent of data that support a stated hypothesis, and the percent of data that do not support it. The Kerby simple difference formula states that the rank correlation can be expressed as the difference between the proportion of favorable evidence ("f") minus the proportion of unfavorable evidence ("u"). 

Suppose a coach trains long-distance runners for one month using two methods. Group A has 5 runners, and Group B has 4 runners. The hypothesis is that method A produces faster runners. The race to assess the results finds that the runners from Group A do indeed run faster, with the following ranks: 1, 2, 3, 4, and 6. The slower runners from Group B thus have ranks of 5, 7, 8, and 9. 

The analysis is done on pairs, a member of one group compared to a member of the other group. For example, the fastest runner in the study is a member of four pairs: (1,5), (1,7), (1,8), and (1,9). All four of these pairs support the hypothesis, because in each pair the runner from Group A is faster than the runner from Group B. There are a total of 20 pairs, and 19 pairs support the hypothesis. The only pair which does not support the hypothesis are the two runners with ranks 5 and 6, because in this pair, the runner from Group B had the faster time. By the Kerby simple difference formula, 95% of the data support the hypothesis (19 of 20 pairs), and 5% do not support (1 of 20 pairs), so the rank correlation is r = .95 - .05 = .90.

The maximum value for the correlation is r = 1, which means that 100% of the pairs favor the hypothesis. A correlation of r = 0 indicates that half the pairs favor the hypothesis and half do not. An effect size of r = 0 describes "no relationship" between group membership and the members' ranks.

Physical disability

A physical disability is a condition that limits the way the body works. For example, a physical disability may limit the way a part of the body grows, moves, or does what it is supposed to do. 

A congenital disability is a disability that a baby has when they are born, or had before they were born. These disabilities used to be called "birth defects."

The most common congenital disability is congenital heart disease - problems in the way the heart grows and works. In 2013, 34.3 million people around the world had congenital heart disease. Congenital heart disease also causes more deaths than any other congenital disability. In 2013, it caused 323,000 deaths.

Other examples of congenital disabilities include:

Some types of congenital disabilities are genetic. This means the disability was "inherited," or passed down to a person, through their parents' genes.

Examples of inherited physical disabilities include:

Acquired disabilities are disabilities that people get ("acquire") after they are born. Often they are caused by injuries or illnesses. Examples of acquired physical disabilities include:

There have been many famous people with physical disabilities. Below are some examples.

Leaders and politicians


Actors

Singers

Other famous people


Tachometer

A tachometer is a sensor that measures the rotation speed of an object, for example a wheel or shaft. There are different methods to do so (for example, mechanical, optical, or magnetic). Most tachometers display the measurement in revolutions per minute.

Plain view doctrine

The plain view doctrine allows law enforcement officers to collect evidence or contraband found in plain view while they are lawfully present. It is an exception to items spelled out in a search warrant and to the Fourth Amendment protection against unreasonable searches and seizures. The doctrine is based on the United States Supreme Court decision "Horton v. California". The court held that the Fourth Amendment does not prohibit warrantless seizures of any evidence which is in plain view.

There are three conditions, all of which must be satisfied, in order to uphold a seizure under the plain view doctrine:

In order for an officer to seize an item, the officer must have probable cause to believe the item is evidence of a crime or is contraband. The police may not move objects to get a better view. In "Arizona v. Hicks" (1987), the officer was found to have acted unlawfully. While investigating a shooting, the officer moved—without probable cause—stereo equipment to record the serial numbers. They also seized three weapons and a stocking-cap mask. The court granted the defendants motion to suppress all the evidence that had been seized because his Fourth Amendment rights had been violated. The plain view doctrine has also been expanded to include the sub doctrines of plain feel, plain smell, and plain hearing.

In committing crimes, criminals routinely use computers and mobile devices. The courts have so far allowed law enforcement a broad authority to examine all files on computers in search of illegal materials.

Phil Gartside

Philip Andrew Gartside (April 1952 – 10 February 2016) was an English businessman. He was born in Leigh, Lancashire. Gartside was chairman of Bolton Wanderers Football Club from 1999 through 2015.

Gartside died in Cheshire from cancer on 10 February 2016. He was aged 63.

André van den Heuvel

André van den Heuvel (4 June 1927 – 9 February 2016) was a Dutch actor. He appeared in more than 55 movies and television shows between 1957 and 2008. He was born in Tegelen, Netherlands. He was known for his roles in "Lifespan" (1976), "Rubens" (1977), "Dag Dokter!" (1978) and in "De rode zwaan" (1999).

Van den Heuvel died in Amsterdam on 9 February 2016 from complications from a stroke. He was aged 88.

New York metropolitan area

The New York metropolitan area is the city and suburbs of New York City. It includes Long Island and the Mid- and Lower Hudson Valley in the state of New York. It also includes north and central New Jersey, three counties in western Connecticut and five counties in northeastern Pennsylvania.

The New York metropolitan area is the most populous in US. This includes the numbers defined by both the Metropolitan Statistical Area (20.1 million residents) and the Combined Statistical Area (23.6 million residents). It is also one of the most populous built-up areas in the world, and the single largest in North America.

Warrant (law)

A warrant is a writ that permits someone to take a specific legal action. Most often the writ is from a judge. It is used by law enforcement to take actions such as searching for evidence, making an arrest or seizing property.

In the United States, in order for police and other law enforcement personnel to search for evidence, they need a warrant. They must also have probable cause (a good reason to believe they will find evidence of a crime). A search warrant must be signed by a judge or magistrate. The officer must provide a sworn statement of fact called an affidavit. If the judge or magistrate believes the affidavit establishes probable cause, he or she approves the warrant. A warrant is usually for a specific period of time and spells out exactly what the officers may search for and seize.

In many cases an arrest warrant is not needed. If a police officer personally sees someone committing a crime, the officer may arrest that individual without a warrant. An officer may also arrest someone if they have probable cause to believe the person had committed or were about to commit a crime. For example, a police officer is notified a bank has just been robbed and is given a description of the suspect. The single robber left in a dark blue Ford Mustang. The officer stops a dark blue Ford Mustang with bags of money on the back seat (in plain sight) and the driver matches the description. The officer believes he has probable cause and arrests the driver. 

If the person is in his (or her) own home and the crime is not a serious one, an officer needs an arrest warrant.

In the European Union a European Arrest Warrant (EAW) is most often used between member countries in place of a lengthy extradition process. These came into effect on 1 January 2004. Since that time they are used to arrest dangerous criminals who flee across borders in Europe.

In Japan, an officer may arrest a person they believe may have committed a crime. They can detain the person for up to 48 hours. The police are required to inform the person why they were arrested. During the 48 hour period, the person may be brought before a prosecutor if the police have enough evidence. If the prosecutor believes the evidence is enough, they request a warrant of detention before a judge within 24 hours. The defendant appears before the judge when the warrant is requested. The case may be dropped for lack of evidence either before the prosecutor or before the judge.

<br>

Prince William County, Virginia

Prince William County is a county in Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 482,204.

2015 Washington, D.C., mass murder

The 2015 Washington, D.C., mass murder occurred on May 14, 2015. Three members of the Savopoulos family (Savvas, Amy, and their son, Philip) were murdered at their home in Washington, D.C.. Their housekeeper, Veralicia Figueroa, was also murdered. The victims were held hostage for nineteen hours, from May 13. Ten-year-old Philip was tortured in order to coerce $40,000 in cash from the family.
The killers restrained the victims with duct tape before killing them. They then set the house on fire. All the victims had been hit with something, and Philip was also stabbed.

The Savopouloses were an upper-class family. They lived in the Woodley Park neighborhood of Northwest Washington. Savvas Savopoulos was the CEO and President of American Iron Works. This is a construction company that helped build the Verizon Center.

The murder victims are:


The family left behind two teenage daughters, Abigail and Katerina Savopoulos.

Greater Mexico City

Greater Mexico City refers to the conurbation around Mexico City. The official name is Mexico City Metropolitan Area ("Área Metropolitana de la Ciudad de México"). It is made up of the Federal District itself and 41 surrounding municipalities of the states of Mexico and Hidalgo.

The Mexico City Metropolitan Area is defined to be integrated by:



Tizayuca

Tizayuca is a city and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. It covers an area of 92.5 km².

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 56,573. 

La Paz (disambiguation)

La Paz is the administrative capital of Bolivia.

La Paz may also refer to:










La Paz Municipality, Mexico

La Paz is a municipality in the State of Mexico, Mexico. Its municipal seat is the town of Los Reyes Acaquilpan. It is located on the dividing line between Mexico State and the eastern edge of the Federal District and is part of the Greater Mexico City area. The area was part of a region called "Atlicpac" which in Nahuatl means 'above or at the edge of water.' The current city's/municipality's glyph symbolizes water.

San Mateo Piñas

San Mateo Piñas is a town and municipality in Oaxaca, Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 211.8 km². 
It is part of the Pochutla District in the east of the Costa Region.

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 2,647.

San Mateo

San Mateo, Spanish for Saint Matthew, is the name for many places:












San Mateo Río Hondo

San Mateo Río Hondo is a town and municipality in Oaxaca, Mexico. It is part of the Miahuatlán District in the south of the Sierra Sur Region.

Charles C. Campbell

Charles C. "Hondo" Campbell (1948 – February 8, 2016) was an American general. He was the 17th Commanding General in the United States Army Forces Command (FORSCOM). He previously served as FORSCOM’s Deputy Commanding General and Chief of Staff from April 26, 2006 to January 8, 2007. He assumed his Commanding General assignment January 9, 2007, and completed it June 3, 2010. He was born in Shreveport, Louisiana.

Campbell died in Shreveport on February 8, 2016, from a heart attack. He was aged 68.

Violette Verdy

Violette Verdy (born Nelly Armande Guillerm; 1 December 1933 – 8 February 2016) was a French ballerina, choreographer, teacher, and writer. She worked as a dance company director in France and the United States. She was a Distinguished Professor of Music (Ballet) at the Jacobs School of Music at Indiana University, in Bloomington, Indiana. She was an artistic director of the Paris Opera Ballet and Boston Ballet, and the recipient of two medals from the French government. She was born in Pont-l'Abbé, France.

Verdy died in Bloomington, Indiana from heart failure on 8 February 2016. She was aged 82.

Kingdom of Mysore

The kingdom of Mysore was a kingdom in southern India. It was founded by the Wadiyar dynasty in 1399. They ruled from 1399 to 1947. The last ruler was Tipu Sultan. At first they ruled as vassals of the Vijayanagara Empire from 1399 to 1565. From 1565 to 1761 they were independent rulers. From 1761 to 1796 they ruled in name only. The actual power was with Hyder Ali and his son Tipu Sultan. When Tipu Sultan died at the hands of the British, they ruled from 1799 to 1947 as British allies.

Brain injury

Brain injury means that the brain has been hurt in some way. Many different things can hurt the brain. For example, brain injuries can happen before a baby is even born. These are called congenital brain injuries.

A physical injury (trauma) can also hurt the brain (for example, if a person hits their head in a car accident). These types of brain injuries are called traumatic brain injuries.

Many medical problems can also injure the brain. For example, the brain can get injured if it does not get enough oxygen (for example, during a stroke).

All brain injuries are different. Some are mild (not very bad); some are severe (very bad). Some are temporary (they get better); some get better slowly over time; and some never get better. Also, since the brain controls every part of the body, the symptoms of brain injury can be very different for different people. This depends partly on what part of the brain was injured, and how badly.

Congenital brain injuries are caused by something that damages a fetus's brain during a woman's pregnancy.

For example, a fetus can get a congenital brain injury if:

Traumatic brain injuries (TBI) are caused by a physical injury to the brain. They can happen when the head suddenly hits an object very hard, like in a car accident. They can also happen when something - like a bullet or knife - goes through the head and into the brain.

Traumatic brain injury is one of the most common causes of disability everywhere in the world. It is more common in developing countries. All over the world, about 10 million people are affected by TBI every year.

Experts estimate that the most common causes of TBI in the world are:

War and violence are often much more common causes of TBI in certain parts of the world. In the past, these places have included Sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America, and the Middle East.

Traumatic brain injury has become one of the most common types of injuries in soldiers serving in Iraq and Afghanistan. The United States Department of Defense says that 22% of all injuries from these wars are traumatic brain injuries.

Some traumatic brain injuries are mild and can get better with time, like a concussion. Others are more serious, especially if they cause bleeding or swelling in the brain.

Another major type of brain injury is a hypoxic brain injury. This happens when the brain does not get enough oxygen. This can happen for many reasons, like:

The brain can also be injured by many other things. Some examples are:

The signs and symptoms of a brain injury depend on many things.

A "diffuse" injury hurts the entire brain. For example, if a person is drowning, and cannot breathe, no part of their brain will get oxygen. If this lasts long enough, the entire brain will be injured by not having enough oxygen.

A "focal" injury hurts just part of the brain. For example, in some strokes, a person has a blood clot that blocks the blood flow to just part of their brain. If the person gets good medical treatment, just that part of their brain may be injured.

This is important because different parts of the brain control different things. When a person has a focal brain injury, their symptoms will depend on what part of the brain was injured. For example, if a part of the brain that controls speech was injured, the person may have trouble speaking.

A brain injury's symptoms may also depend on how bad the injury was.

For example, brain injuries can cause changes or problems in a person's thinking, senses, feelings, or ability to move. However, some people might have mild problems in these areas, while other people might have more serious problems:


There are many different treatments that may help people with brain injuries. For example:

H.264/MPEG-4 AVC

H.264 or MPEG-4 Part 10, Advanced Video Coding is a way to code videos in order to make them smaller.

It can be used for both lossy compression and lossless compression, though it is usually used for lossy compression. H.264 is used in many places including Blu-Ray players, as well as videos streamed through sites like Youtube. It is also used in some TV broadcasts.

H.264 has a successor called HEVC.

Dominique D'Onofrio

Dominique D'Onofrio (18 April 1953 – 12 February 2016) was an Italian footballer, coach and later chairman. He was born in Castelforte, Italy. He played for R.R.F.C. Montegnée during the 1970s. He was the head coach of Standard de Liège for almost ten years.

D'Onofrio died on 12 February 2016 from a heart attack while on a trip in Buenos Aires. He was aged 62.


August P. Mardesich

August Paul "Augie" Mardesich (February 11, 1920 – February 8, 2016) was an American politician from the state of Washington. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in San Pedro, California. Mardesich served as a member of the Washington House of Representatives from 1950 through 1963. He also served as a member of the Washington Senate from the 38th district from 1963 through 1978. 

Mardesich died in Mill Creek, Washington from dementia on February 8, 2016. He was aged 95.

Eliseo Prado

Eliseo Prado (17 September 1929 – 10 February 2016) was an Argentine football forward. He played for Argentina in the 1958 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Club Atlético River Plate. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Prado died of complications from Alzheimer's disease in Buenos Aires on 10 February 2016. He was aged 86.

Honda (Colombia)

Honda is a city in the Tolima Department in Colombia. In 2015, about 35,000 people lived there. The city was founded in 1539, and has city status since 1830. Together with Libano it is the seat of the Roman Catholic diocesese Libano-Honda.

Rithvik Dhanjani

Rithvik Dhanjani is an Indian television actor. He played Arjun Digvijay Kirloskar in "Pavitra Rishta". He won the Indian dance reality show "Nach Baliye 6" with his partner Asha Negi and also the host of Zee Rishtey Awards. In June 2012, Dhanjani entered "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 5" as Wild Card entry and came in third place.

I Will Never Let You Down

"I Will Never Let You Down" is a song by British recording artist Rita Ora. It was first planned as lead single for her upcoming second studio album. But it was later released as a buzz single. It was written and produced by Calvin Harris. The single was released on 31 March 2014.

The song debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart making it Ora's fourth overall UK number-one single.

The music video features twin dancers Polly Duniam and Sophie Duniam.


Character encoding

Given a number of characters of an alphabet, a character encoding is a function that will map each character to a number. This number must be unique and is called code point. In this context, a character is the minimal unit of text that has a semantic value: In alphabets that use letters, this is usually a letter. Early systems, like the telegraph only have a part of all the letters possible. They have only uppercase letters, numbers, and a few extra characters (punctuation, spacing, newline..). The flag alphabet ships use is even more restricted.

The Elements of Style

The Elements of Style is an American English how-to-do-it writing style guide. It lists brief guidelines for writing simple English. The book ran to many reprints. 

The original was composed by William Strunk Jr. in 1918, and was published by Harcourt in 1920. It had eight "elementary rules of usage", ten "elementary principles of composition", "a few matters of form", a list of 49 "words and expressions commonly misused", and a list of 57 "words often misspelled". 

E. B. White much enlarged and revised the book for publication by Macmillan, in 1959. That was the first edition of the so-called "Strunk & White", which "Time" called in 2011 "one of the 100 best and most influential books written in English since 1923".

The first printing of the 1959 edition sold about two million copies. In the following four decades, more than ten million copies of the three printings (1959 edition, 1972 edition, and 1988 edition) have been sold.

Amniotic sac

The amniotic sac holds a fetus while it is developing during pregnancy. The amniotic sac is filled with amniotic fluid, which protects the fetus. 

The amniotic sac starts to form and fill with amniotic fluid just days after a woman gets pregnant. At first, the amniotic fluid is made from the mother's plasma (the liquid part of her blood).

At first, the amniotic fluid is made mostly of water with electrolytes (salts). However, by the 12th to the 14th week of pregnancy, proteins, carbohydrates, lipids, phospholipids, and urea are all in the amniotic fluid. These things help the fetus grow.

As the fetus gets bigger, more amniotic fluid gets created. By the time the baby is born, there is about one liter of amniotic fluid in the amniotic sac.

The amniotic fluid is very important in protecting the fetus and helping the fetus grow:

After the fetus is about four months old, when the kidneys start to work, the amniotic fluid serves another important purpose. The fetus swallows amniotic fluid. This fluid passes through the fetus's digestive system and urinary system and gets urinated out into the amniotic fluid. This helps the fetus "practice" swallowing, digesting, and urinating before being born.

The amniotic sac has two layers, which have two different jobs. The inside layer holds in the fetus and the amniotic fluid. The outside layer attaches to the umbilical cord, so that blood and oxygen from the mother can get through the amniotic sac and to the fetus.

A sample of amniotic fluid can show whether a fetus has certain genetic disorders or infections. A test called an amniocentesis can take a sample of amniotic fluid with a needle and study it for problems.

When a woman starts to give birth, the amniotic sac should break and the amniotic fluid will leak out the woman's vagina. This is often called the time when a woman's "water breaks." Doctors call it "rupture of membranes."

Once the baby is born, the amniotic sac is pushed out of the woman's vagina in the afterbirth, along with the placenta.

A record

In the Domain Name System, an A record is something that changes a domain name into a 32-bit IP address (or "IPv4 address"). A domain can have many A records, for example, the domain "example.com" could have an A record for "www.example.com" that points to the IP "127.0.0.1", and another A record for "mail.example.com" that points to the IP "127.0.0.2".



AAAA record

In the Domain Name System, an AAAA record is something that changes a domain name into a 128-bit IP address (or "IPv6 address"). A domain can have many AAAA records, for example, the domain "example.com" could have an AAAA record for "www.example.com" that points to the IP "2001:0db8:0000:0000:0000:0000:3257:9652", and another AAAA record for "mail.example.com" that points to the IP "2001:0db8:0000:0000:0000:0000:3257:9653".


The domain name RFC

Aizawl

Aizawl is the capital city of the state of Mizoram in India. It has a population of 293,416 according to the census of 2011. It is the largest city in the state. The population of Aizawl is mostly ethnic Mizo people. The people are mostly Christian.

Aizawl is located in the northern part of Mizoram. It is 1,132 metres (3715 ft) above sea level. In the summer the temperatures range from , and in the winter .


Mapp v. Ohio

Mapp v. Ohio, 367 U.S. 643 (1961), was a landmark decision in criminal procedure. The United States Supreme Court ruled that evidence obtained in violation of the Fourth Amendment may not be used at trial in a state court.

On May 23, 1957, in Cleveland, Ohio, three police officers arrived at the home of a Miss Mapp, the appellant. The officers said they had information a bombing suspect was in the house and demanded entry. After telephoning her attorney, she refused to admit them without a search warrant. The officers watched the house until more officers arrived. Three hours later and with four more police officers, they again demanded entrance to the home. When Mapp did not come to the door immediately, a door was forced open and the police entered. At about the same time, Mapp's attorney arrived, but was refused permission to see his client or to enter the home. When Mapp was halfway down the stairs she demanded to see the search warrant. A piece of paper was flashed at her which she grabbed and hid on her person. The officers grabbed her to physically recover the paper. The paper was not a warrant. The police did not find the bombing suspect. However, they did find books and photographs they said were sexually explicit. At trial, the prosecution did not produce a search warrant or prove one was ever issued. Mapp was convicted of violating Ohio state law prohibiting “lewd, lascivious, or obscene material.” She was sentenced to one to seven years in prison. Mapp appealed the conviction based on her First Amendment rights.

The Supreme Court of Ohio heard the case. The court believed an argument could be made for reversing the case because of the way the evidence was obtained. But they did not determine the evidence was taken from Mapp's person by the use of brutal force against the defendant. They added that even if the search was made without authority, it could be used at the state trial. They ruled the Fourteenth Amendment does not forbid the admission of evidence gained by unreasonable search and seizure. Therefore, her appeal was denied. 

In their decision, the court ruled in favor of Mapp and overturned her conviction. In the 6-3 decision, the court found the states were also required to exclude evidence seized in violation of a person's Fourth Amendment rights. They stated that any evidence obtained in searches and seizures that violated the Constitution were not admissible in state courts. Otherwise, there would be no right against unreasonable search and seizure. Associate justice Tom C. Clark delivered the majority opinion.


O. N. V. Kurup

Ottaplakkal Neelakandan Velu Kurup (27 May 1931 – 13 February 2016), popularly known as O. N. V. Kurup or simply O. N. V., was an Indian poet and lyricist. He won Jnanpith Award, the highest literary award in India in 2007. He was born in Chavara, Kollam.

Kurup wrote lyrics for music used in Malayalam cinema. He has written a lot of lyrics for dramas and television serials also. He received the awards Padma Shri in 1998 and Padma Vibhushan in 2011, the fourth and second highest civilian honours from the Government of India. In 2007 he was given an Honorary Doctorate by University of Kerala, Trivandrum. O. N. V. was known for his leftist political views. He was the Left Democratic Front (LDF) candidate in the Thiruvananthapuram constituency for the Lok Sabha elections in 1989.

Kurup died of respiratory failure on 13 February 2016 in Trivandrum, Kerala. He was aged 84.

Bořek Šípek

Bořek Šípek (14 June 1949 – 13 February 2016) was a known Czech architect and designer. He was born in Prague. Šípek was known for his individual, unusual, colorful and rich style. He experiments with unexpected and often weird shapes. Šípek has been called the father of "neo-baroque". His architectural works and other designs are known worldwide.

He was the architect of Prague Castle under the presidency of Václav Havel, and designed Havel's Place. Šípek was knight of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. He had three sons, one of them with Leona Machálková.

Šípek died on 13 February 2016 from cancer in Prague. He was aged 66.

Joachim Peiper

Joachim Peiper, (30 January 1915 in Berlin – 14 July 1976 in Traves, Haute-Saône), also known as Jochen Peiper, was a waffen-SS military officer of Nazi Germany during World War II. 

He was a field officer of the Waffen-SS (he had the rank of SS-Standartenführer der Waffen-SS, comparable with the rank of colonel). He was personal adjutant to the commander of the Schutzstaffel (SS), Heinrich Himmler. He held this position between November 1940 and August 1941. Peiper fought on both the Eastern Front against the Red Army and the Western Front against the Western Allies. He won the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords for bravery on the battlefield and his leadership skills. By 1945, he was in command of a regiment of the Waffen-SS. He was the Waffen-SS's youngest regimental colonel.

Peiper was convicted of war crimes committed in Belgium. He was imprisoned for almost 12 years. He was also accused of war crimes in Italy. However, Italian and German courts decided that there was not enough evidence. After his release from prison, Peiper worked for both Porsche and Volkswagen. He then moved to France. In France he translated books from English to German under the pseudonym Rainer Buschmann. Peiper was murdered in France in July 1976. He was shot by unknown people who then burned his house to the ground using Molotov cocktails.

Promotions and Ranks in the SS (1936-1945)

SS-Untersturmfuhrer (Second Lieutenant) ; 1936-1939

SS-Obersturmfuhrer (First Lieutenant) ; 1939-1940)

SS-Hauptsturmfuhrer (Captain) ; 1940-1943

SS-Sturmbannfuhrer (Major),Obersturmbannfuhrer (Lieutenant-Colonel) ; 1943-1945

SS-Standartenfuhrer (Colonel) ; 1945

Mexico (disambiguation)

Mexico is a country in North America.

Mexico may also refer to:



MX record

In the Domain Name System, an MX record is something that a domain uses to tell people and software the IP address of an email server. There can be more than one MX record for a domain. When there is more than one record, DNS uses a priority list that tells whatever is looking up the records to try the IP addresses in a certain order. For example, "example.com" might have a set of MX records that say for "mail.example.com" to try "127.0.0.5" first. If that try fails, another record will say to try "127.0.0.6". This behavior makes email more reliable.



Anti-lock braking system

An anti-lock braking system (ABS) is a safety system that prevents the wheels of a vehicle (for example car, motorcycle) from locking up when it is strongly braked. The goal is to keep the vehicle controllable, because a wheeled vehicle can only be safely steered when its wheels are not skidding.

The Milli Gazette

Milli Gazette (MG) is an English-language newspaper in India. It is a compact newspaper. It describes itself as the leading English newspaper for Indian Muslims. Feature articles generally cover global news concerning Muslims, focusing especially on Indian Muslim issues. 


Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States

Associate Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States are the members of the Supreme Court of the United States other than the Chief Justice of the United States. The number of Associate Justices is ruled by the United States Congress and is currently set at eight by the Judiciary Act of 1869.

The President "shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint... Judges of the supreme Court." Although the Constitution refers to them as "Judges of the Supreme Court," the title actually used is "Associate Justice," introduced in the Judiciary Act of 1789. Associate justices were traditionally styled "Mr. Justice" in court opinions, but the title was shortened to "Justice" in 1980, a year before the first female justice was appointed.

Each of the Justices of the Supreme Court has a single vote in deciding the cases argued before it; the Chief Justice's vote counts no more than that of any other Justice.

Under 28 USC 3, when the Chief Justice is unable to discharge his functions, or that office is vacant, his duties are carried out by the most senior Associate Justice until the disability or the vacancy ends.

The current Associate Justices are (in order of seniority):

Johnny Lattner

John Joseph Lattner (October 24, 1932 – February 12, 2016) was an American football player. While playing college football for the University of Notre Dame, he won the Heisman Trophy in 1953. He also won the Maxwell Award twice, in 1952 and 1953. Lattner played professionally for one season in the National Football League (NFL), with the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1954. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Lattner died in Oak Park, Illinois on February 12, 2016 from lung cancer. He was aged of 83.

Judicial interpretation

Judicial interpretation is an explanation of how the judiciary interprets the law. In Common law, judicial interpretation is made up of guidelines that come from case law rather than from a legislature. These represent all previous judicial decisions. In constitutional law, there are different methods of judicial interpretation. These include:











Incorporation of the Bill of Rights

The incorporation of the Bill of Rights (also called incorporation for short) is how American courts have applied portions of the U.S. Bill of Rights to the states. This has been done through the Due Process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. Before 1925, the Bill of Rights was held only to apply to the federal government. Under the incorporation doctrine, most provisions of the Bill of Rights now also apply to the state and local governments.

Prior to the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment and what became the incorporation doctrine, the Supreme Court in 1833 held in "Barron v. Baltimore" that the Bill of Rights applied only to the federal government, not the states. Even years after the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment, the Supreme Court in "United States v. Cruikshank" (1876) still held that the First and Second Amendment did not apply to state governments. However, beginning in the 1920s, a series of Supreme Court decisions interpreted the Fourteenth Amendment to "incorporate" most portions of the Bill of Rights, making these portions, for the first time, enforceable against the state governments. This process has been called selective incorporation.

2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A - Results of first round

This is the Results of the first round of 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

Sri Srinivasan

Padmanabhan Srikanth "Sri" Srinivasan (born February 23, 1967) is an American jurist. He is the United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit since May 2013. 

He was confirmed by the United States Senate by a vote of 97–0 on May 23, 2013. Before being confirmed as a judge he was the Principal Deputy Solicitor General of the United States. He has argued 25 cases before the U.S. Supreme Court. He was also a lecturer at Harvard Law School.

Srinivasan also is known for having represented former Enron executive Jeffrey Skilling in his appeal before the U.S. Supreme Court, "Skilling v. United States" (2010).

Srinivasan was born in Chandigarh, India on February 23, 1967. He was raised in Lawrence, Kansas. He played basketball at Lawrence High School. He studied at Stanford University.

On June 11, 2012, President Barack Obama nominated Srinivasan to the seat on the D.C. Circuit. He was nominated again on January 3, 2013, after the Senate adjourned.

His Senate confirmation hearing on April 10, 2013, was uneventful. His nomination was reported to the floor of the Senate on May 16, 2013, by a unanimous vote of 18 for and 0 against. A final vote on his nomination took place on May 23, 2013, where he was confirmed 97-0. He received his commission on May 24, 2013. He received the oath of office from Chief Judge Merrick Garland on June 18, 2013.

On February 13, 2016, just hours after the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, there were rumors being published in the media that Srinivasan was the most likely nominee President Barack Obama was going to put forward to replace Scalia.

On March 16, 2016, Obama nominated Merrick Garland to replace Scalia.

Srinivasan lives in Arlington, Virginia. He has been married to Carla J. Garrett.

John Danforth

John Claggett Danforth (born September 5, 1936) is a retired American politician. He began his career in 1968 as the Attorney General of Missouri. He served three terms as a United States Senator from Missouri. He is considered a moderate and conciliator. He has been periodically called out of retirement by both of the major political parties to fill diplomatic roles. In 2004, he served briefly as United States Ambassador to the United Nations.

Danforth is an ordained Episcopal priest. He presided over the state funeral of Ronald (2004) and Nancy Reagan (2016).

Danforth was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He is the son of Dorothy (Claggett) and Donald Danforth. He is the grandson of William H. Danforth, founder of Purina Mills. His father was the CEO of its successor, Ralston Purina. Danforth's brother, Dr. William Henry Danforth, is former chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis.

Danforth attended St. Louis Country Day School for high school. He eventually went to Princeton University where he received his bachelor's degree in 1958. While in college Danforth joined Lambda Chi Alpha, a fraternity. He then attended law and divinity graduate schools at Yale University. He was employed a short time at the New York law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell.

Leo Ehlen

Leo Ehlen (20 May 1953 – 10 February 2016) was a Dutch football player. He was born in Broeksittard, Limburg (Netherlands). He was a defender and defensive midfielder. Ehlen started his professional career with Fortuna SC and joined Roda JC in 1975. With Roda JC, he played alongside Dick Nanninga, Pierre Vermeulen and Theo de Jong. He was nicknamed the "Neeskens of Roda" after Johan Neeskens. Ehlen scored 6 goals in 233 official matches for the club. He left them after nine years for a short time with Belgian team Waterschei.

Ehlen died in Sittard, Netherlands on 10 February 2016 from kidney disease. He was aged 62.

Star City (comics)

Star City is a fictional city in DC Comics. It is the home of Queen Industries, owned by millionaire Oliver Queen. Queen is the Green Arrow, a trained archer. He protects this city.

YouTube Premium

YouTube Premium, previously known as Music Key or YouTube Red is a premium subscription service to YouTube. It allows users to watch videos without any advertisements and allows users to download videos to their mobile devices (but not desktop computers). It costs $11 USD per month as of April 2020, with a free trial that is given new users. 

YouTube Premium was originally launched on November 14, 2014, as Music Key, offering advertisement-free streaming of music videos from participating labels on YouTube and Google Play Music. The service was then revised and relaunched as YouTube Red on October 31, 2015, expanding its scope to offer advertisement-free access to all YouTube videos, as opposed to just music. 

YouTube announced the rebranding of the service as YouTube Premium on May 17, 2018, alongside the return of a separate, YouTube Music subscription service. Later in the year, it was reported that YouTube was planning to make some of the original content associated with the service available on an ad-supported basis.
A YouTube Premium subscription allows users to watch videos on YouTube without advertisements across the website and its mobile apps, including the dedicated YouTube Music, YouTube Gaming, and YouTube Kids apps and services. Through the apps, users can also save videos to their device for offline viewing, play their audio in the background, and in picture-in-picture mode on Android Oreo and newer. YouTube Premium also offers original content that is exclusive to subscribers, which is created and published by YouTube's largest creators.

United States presidential primary

In the United States, a presidential primary is a series of elections and caucuses within a political party. They are held to choose the party's candidate for the presidential election. This process was never included in the United States Constitution; it was created over time by the political parties. Some states hold only primary elections, some hold only caucuses, and others use a combination of both.

These primaries and caucuses are staggered generally between either late-January or early-February, and mid-June before the presidential election in November. The primary elections are run by state and local governments.


Latrobe, Pennsylvania

Latrobe is a city in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania in the United States and part of the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. The city population was 8,060 as of the 2020 census (9,265 in 1990). Latrobe was incorporated as a borough in 1854, and as a city in 1999.


Viggo Rivad

Viggo Reinholdt Rivad (3 July 1922 – 8 February 2016) was a Danish photographer. His career began in 1946, and he went on to win many competitions in the 1950s and 1960s. He was born in Nørrebro, Denmark. 

Around 1960, he adopted his so-called "essay approach". The essay approach uses a series of photographs to tell a story. This resulted in a series of related photographs such as ""Et farvel"" (1962) and ""Laurits"" (1971). Rivad also earned a living as a taxi driver. He was a quiet, dedicated photographer, concentrating on disadvantaged areas and people on the edges of society. His humanitarian messages were a result of his anger and concern for society's outcasts.

Rivad died in Copenhagen, Denmark of complications from a stroke on 8 February 2016. He was 93 years old.

Trifon Ivanov

Trifon Marinov Ivanov (; 27 July 1965 – 13 February 2016) was a Bulgarian international footballer. He played as a defender.

Ivanov played his first game for Bulgaria in 1988. He earned 76 caps and scored 6 goals over a ten-year international career. He played in the 1994 and 1998 FIFA World Cups, as well as the 1996 UEFA European Championship.

Ivanov died of a heart attack on 13 February 2016 in Samovodene, Bulgaria. He was aged 50.

Competition (biology)

Competition is an interaction between organisms or species in which the fitness of one is lowered by the presence of another. According to evolutionary theory, this competition within and between species for resources plays a role in natural selection.

Competition occurs when organisms or species need or use the same resources. Common resources are food, water and territory.

Two species in competition often continue long-term in the same environment. This suggests they each have an "edge" which the other does not. In may cases "being there first" is a big edge. For example, plants consume nitrogen by absorbing it into their roots, making nitrogen unavailable to nearby plants. 

Species in competition may directly interfere with each other. An example of this can be seen between the ant "Novomessor cockerelli" and red harvester ants, where the first interferes with the ability of the second to forage. It does this by plugging the entrances to their rival's colonies with small rocks.


Ottoman Turkish

Ottoman Turkish , or the Ottoman language ( ) (also known as or , "Turkish"), is a type of Turkish language that was used in the Ottoman Empire between the 13th and 20th centuries. It was heavily influenced by Arabic and Persian. It was written in the Arabic and Persian alphabets. When the Ottoman Empire was at its most powerful, Arabic and Persian words made up to 88% of its vocabulary. Words of Arabic origins heavily outnumbered native Turkish words.


2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A - Results of second round

This is the Results of the second round of 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

Muriel Casals i Couturier

Muriel Casals i Couturier (April 6, 1945 – February 14, 2016) was a French-born Spanish economist. She was an emeritus professor in the Department of Economics and Historical Economics in the Autonomous University of Barcelona (UAB). She was also vicedean of International Relations and Cooperation between 2002 and 2005.

She specialized in industrial reconversions, the history of economic thought and European economics. Casals was also the representative of the UAB in the Xarxa Vives d'Universitats (Live University Networks) between 2002 and 2009. She had been a visiting professor at the University of Edinburgh, the London School of Economics and the University of Wales at Bangor. She was born in Avignon, France to Spanish parents.

Couturier died on February 14, 2016 in Barcelona. She had been injured after being hit by a bicycle. She was aged 70.

Eric Lubbock, 4th Baron Avebury

Eric Reginald Lubbock, 4th Baron Avebury, PC (29 September 1928 – 14 February 2016) was an English politician.

He served as the Liberal Member of Parliament for Orpington from 1962 to 1970. He served in the House of Lords, having inherited the title of Baron Avebury in 1971. In 1999, when most hereditary peers were removed from the House of Lords, he was elected by his fellow Liberal Democrats to remain. When he died, he was the longest-serving Liberal Democrat peer.

Lubbock died on 14 February 2016 in London from leukemia. He was aged 87.

Liberal Party (UK)

The Liberal Party was a liberal political party. It was one of the two big political parties in the United Kingdom in the 19th and early 20th century.

The party came from an alliance of Whigs and free-trade Peelites and radicals in the 1850s. In the next 50 years it formed four governments under William Gladstone. 

The party split over the issue of Irish Home Rule. It returned to power in 1906 with a landslide victory. They introduced the welfare reforms that created a basic British welfare state. 

H. H. Asquith was Liberal Prime Minister between 1908 and 1916. He was followed by David Lloyd George, whose premiership lasted until 1922. At that time the coalition the party had formed with the Conservative Party in World War I came to an end.

By the end of the 1920s, the Labour Party had replaced the Liberals as the Conservatives' main rival. The party went into decline. By the 1950s, it won no more than six seats at general elections.

Apart from notable by-election victories, the party's fortunes did not improve significantly until it formed the SDP-Liberal Alliance with the newly formed Social Democratic Party (SDP) in 1981. At the 1983 General Election, the Alliance won over a quarter of the vote, but only 23 of the 650 seats it contested. At the 1987 General Election, it won less than 23% of the vote.

The Liberal and Social Democratic parties merged in 1988 to form the Liberal Democrats. 

Prominent intellectuals associated with the Liberal Party include the philosopher John Stuart Mill, the economist John Maynard Keynes and social planner William Beveridge.

List of landmark court decisions in the United States

The following is a partial list of landmark court decisions in the United States. Landmark decisions establish a significant new legal precedent or concept. They can also substantially change the interpretation of existing law. Such a decision may settle the law in more than one way:

In the United States, landmark court decisions come most frequently from the Supreme Court. Sometimes United States courts of appeals make such decisions, particularly if the Supreme Court chooses not to review the case or if it adopts the holding of the lower court. Although many cases from state supreme courts are significant in developing the law of that state, only a few are so radically different that they announce standards that many other state courts then choose to follow.

The Supreme Court has dealt with many cases of discrimination based on race or ethnicity. This is a partial list of such cases. 


































Medea

In Greek mythology, Medea (; , "Mēdeia", , "Medea") is a sorceress of Greek mythology. She was the daughter of King Aeëtes of Colchis, niece of Circe, granddaughter of the sun god Helios. She married the hero Jason, and had two children with him, Mermeros and Pheres. In Euripides's play "Medea", Jason leaves Medea when Creon, king of Corinth, offers him his daughter, Glauce. The play tells of Medea avenging her husband's betrayal by killing their children.

The myths involving Jason have been interpreted as part of a class of myths that tell how the Hellenes of the distant heroic age, before the Trojan War, faced the challenges of the pre-Greek "Pelasgian" cultures of mainland Greece, the Aegean and Anatolia. Jason, Perseus, Theseus, and above all Heracles, are all figures on the threshold between the old world of shamans, earth deities, and the new Bronze Age Greek ways.

Medea figures in the myth of Jason and the Argonauts, a myth known best from a late literary version worked up by Apollonius of Rhodes in the 3rd century BC and called the "Argonautica." However, for all its self-consciousness and researched archaic vocabulary, the late epic was based on very old, scattered materials. Medea is known in most stories as an enchantress and is often depicted as a priestess of the goddess Hecate or a witch. The myth of Jason and Medea is very old, originally written around the time Hesiod wrote the "Theogony". It was known to the composer of the "Little Iliad", part of the Epic Cycle.

Cloak

A cloak is a type of loose garment. It is worn over indoor clothing. It protects a person, for example from cold or rain. It may be part of an outfit or uniform. Cloaks have been used by many historical societies. Their designs, over time, have been changed to match fashion and available textiles.

Cloaks generally fasten at the neck or over the shoulder. They can be different lengths, from hip all the way down the ankle. They may have an attached hood. They may fasten down the front. Cloaks are almost always sleeveless.

Equal Protection Clause

The Equal Protection Clause is part of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. The clause, which took effect in 1868, provides that no state shall deny to any person within its jurisdiction "the equal protection of the laws". 

A primary motivation for this clause was to validate the equality provisions contained in the Civil Rights Act of 1866, which guaranteed that all people would have rights equal to those of all citizens. As a whole, the Fourteenth Amendment marked a large shift in American constitutionalism. It applied substantially more constitutional restrictions against the states than had applied before the Civil War.

The meaning of the Equal Protection Clause has been the subject of much debate. It has inspired the well-known phrase "Equal Justice Under Law". These words are inscribed on the U.S. Supreme court building. This clause was the basis for "Brown v. Board of Education" (1954). This Supreme Court decision that helped to dismantle racial segregation, and also the basis for many other decisions rejecting discrimination against people belonging to various groups.

The Equal Protection Clause itself applies only to state and local governments. However, the Supreme Court held in "Bolling v. Sharpe" (1954) that equal protection requirements apply to the federal government through the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment.


Big Rigs: Over the Road Racing

Big Rigs: Over the Road Racing is a truck racing video game released in 2003. It was developed by Stellar Stone and published by GameMill Publishing. The game was released unfinished and is missing many features, including collision detection. It is often considered to be the worst video game ever made. The game has a cult following because of how bad it is.

The game has five racetracks, one of which causes the game to crash when selected. Each level starts with an opponent that either doesn't move, or in a patched version will move but will never complete the race. When the race is finished, the grammatically incorrect message "You're Winner" is displayed, and the race ends. There is no way for the player to lose the race or for the computer opponent to win. It is possible to drive through buildings, up mountains, and even outside the level due to the lack of collision detection.

State supreme court

In the United States, a state supreme court (known by other names in some states) is the highest judicial tribunal in the court system of a particular state. 

Generally, the state supreme court, like most appellate courts, is exclusively for hearing appeals from lower courts. It does not make any finding of facts, and thus holds no trials. In the case where the trial court made an egregious error in its finding of facts, the state supreme court will send the case back to the trial court for a new trial. This responsibility of correcting the errors of inferior courts is the origin of a number of the different names for supreme courts in various state court systems. The court consists of a panel of judges selected by methods outlined in the state constitution. 

Many states elect their state Supreme Court justices and/or use elections to retain judges. Since 2000, the amount of money raised by judicial candidates has risen enormously. Special interest groups have contributed to many of these campaigns raising questions of impartiality. The US Supreme Court, in "Caperton v. A.T. Massey Coal Co." (2009) in a 5-4 decision, ruled that an elected state supreme court judge sitting on a case involving a campaign contributor was a violation of due process. 

<br>

Investment bank

An Investment Bank is a business that helps other businesses (and also governments) borrow money and/or allow businesses to partially or fully sell themselves to other people and businesses. Unlike a regular bank, they do not typically lend their own money or use their own money to buy part or all of a business. They help to match the business financing need to investors who are seeking to earn money by either lending to the business or owning part of the business.

In the mid 20th century, certain investment banks started to help their business clients to sell their business entirely to other businesses instead of to investors, as well as to help businesses decide what other business they should buy, with a fee based on the sale price of the business. This is called Mergers and Acquisitions. There are many small investment banks that only offer this activity, and do not help businesses to borrow money or sell ownership in the business. 

An investment bank helps businesses to borrow money using a contract known as a bond, and to sell ownership in the company using a contract known as stock. Most countries have government rules about these processes. The business must operate and disclose their financial results in a certain manner. They can then borrow money using bonds and sell ownership using stock to the public. People can sell bonds and stock without being responsible for the operation and financial disclosures of the business. 

Some reasons that a business might choose to borrow money from investors instead of a bank may include:


Some reasons that a business owner would agree to use an investment bank to sell part or all of their business to other investors include:

Investment Banks work with two kinds of customers, one being the businesses/governments which desire to borrow funds or sell ownership, and the individuals and other businesses who want to earn a profit on their money by lending to or owning other businesses. 

Wiesław Rudkowski

Wiesław Ksawery Rudkowski (17 November 1946 – 14 February 2016) was a Polish boxer. He was born in Łódź. He competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics. He won a silver medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, losing in the final against Dieter Kottysch. 

Rudkowski died from a heart attack on 14 February 2016 in Warsaw. He was 69.


Giambattista Pittoni

Giambattista Pittoni (or Giovanni Battista Pittoni; 6 June 1687 – 6 November 1767) was an Italian painter. His paintings are from the late Baroque or Rococo period. He was among the people who started the Academy of Fine Arts of Venice.

Pittoni was born in Venice on 6 June 1687. He worked there for most of his life. He travelled to France in 1720. It was around this time that his style of painting changed. His style became influenced by French styles. Pittoni joined a Venetian guild of painters in 1716. He served as president of the Academy of Fine Arts of Venice from 1758 to 1760 and from 1763 to 1764. He was in high demand all across Italy during his life.

The miracle of the loaves and fishes is a 1725 painting by Pittoni. It is in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria, Victoria, Australia.
The story is recorded in all four gospels. Pittoni’s depiction is of the gospel of John (6:3–13): ‘Jesus went into the mountains … a great multitude followed him, He bade them sit down, took five loaves and two fishes and, giving thanks, broke them and the disciples distributed them’.


Pittoni died in Venice on 6 November 1767. He is buried in the church of San Giacomo dell'Orio. His reputation quickly faded after his death. Interest in him was revived in the 20th century.


Tories

The Tories were one of the two political parties which existed in Britain from the 17th to the early 19th centuries. They were the opponents of the Whigs, which were for a long time the ruling party.

The Tories were first part of the Parliament of England, the legislature of the kingdom of England. After the Acts of Union 1707, the Tories were part of the United Kingdom's Parliament of Great Britain, and after the Act of Union 1800 they were part of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.

The Tories were originally (1678 to about 1770) the supporters of the Catholic kings (Charles I and II, James I and II), limiting the power of UK Parliament and supporting freedoms for Catholics. Later, (1780 to 1830) they became the New Tory Party, and were again a successful party able to hold government.

The most famous leaders of the New Tory Party were William Pitt the Younger, and Robert Peel the industrialist. Benjamin Disraeli built the modern Conservative Party out of the remains of the New Tory Party.

James Broun-Ramsay, 1st Marquess of Dalhousie

James Andrew Broun-Ramsay, 1st Marquess of Dalhousie KT, PC (22 April 1812 – 19 December 1860), known as The Earl of Dalhousie between 1838 and 1849, was a Scottish statesman and a colonial administrator in British India. He served as Governor-General of India from 1848 to 1856.

He introduced the Doctrine of Lapse.Several independent Indian states were annexed under this policy-Satara,Nagpur,Jhansi and many others. Kingdoms like Awadh were annexed using a strategy known as misgovernment.

Lord Dalhousie has made contributions to modern India by constructing railways and roads.He built the first railway line which was between Bombay and Thane.He passed The Hindu Remarriage Act in 1856.

Forced migration

Forced migration (also called displacements) is when people are made to leave their home or homeland. It is usually caused by violence, persecution, danger, or because an authority (such as a government) has told people to move. People are removed either by force or because of a threat or command. A person who has become forced to migrate is called a "forced migrant" or "displaced person". They may be called a refugee, but that term has a specific legal definition.

Migration of people is constantly happening, but in a stable society it usually happens because a person chooses to do it. Forced migration occurs when people's lives, well-being or freedom is endangered. They may have little or no choice but to move. In some cases, such as human trafficking and slavery, people are physically removed from their homes.

Occasionally a government forces people and communities out of their homes or homelands for the purposes of economic development or military. It has been most often been associated with the building of dams and military bases.

Migration can also be forced by natural disasters, when people are forced to evacuate an area. This is usually temporary, and people can return to their land once it is safe. If not, such forced migrantion violates Fourth Geneva Convention.

The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees says Afghanistan produces the most number of refugees each year. It has held that position for 32 years. Almost half of refugees are children under the age of 18. Many of these are separated from their parents.



General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party

The General Secretary of the Communist Party of China is the leader of the Communist Party of China and the highest-ranking official within China. The General Secretary is a standing member of the Politburo and head of the Secretariat. The officeholder is usually considered the paramount leader of the People's Republic of China.

According to the Constitution, the General Secretary serves as a member of the Politburo Standing Committee, the main governing group in China. Since the early 1990s, the holder of the post has been, except for transitional periods, the Chairman of the Central Military Commission. This means that the holder is also the commander-in-chief of the People's Liberation Army.

The current General Secretary is Xi Jinping. He took office on 15 November 2012.

President of China

The President of China (officially President of the People's Republic of China) is the head of state of the People's Republic of China (PRC). On paper, the presidency is a largely ceremonial office with limited powers. However, in recent years the General Secretary of the Communist Party has also served simultaneously as President. His election to the office makes him paramount leader of China. The office is classified as an institution of the state rather than an administrative post.

The current President is Xi Jinping. He took office on 14 March 2013.

Premier of the People's Republic of China

The Premier of China, officially "Premier of the State Council of the People's Republic of China", is the leader of the State Council of China, who is the head of government and holds the highest rank (Level 1) in the Civil Service.

The Premier is formally approved by the National People's Congress upon the nomination of the President. In practice, the candidate is chosen through an informal process within the Communist Party of China. Both the President and the Premier are selected once every five years. The Premier has always been a member of the powerful Politburo Standing Committee.

The current Premier is Li Qiang, who took office on 11 March 2023.

Freedom Trail

The Freedom Trail is a walking trail through Boston, Massachusetts. It passes by 16 places that are important to American history. The Trail is 2.5 miles (4.0 km) long. It starts at the Boston Common and ends at the USS "Constitution" in the Charlestown Navy Yard.

The Black Heritage Trail crosses the Freedom Trail between the Massachusetts State House and Park Street Church.

William Schofield, a journalist in Boston, first thought of creating the Freedom Trail. In 1951, he suggested building a walking trail to connect many of the important historic places in Boston. Boston's mayor, John Hynes, agreed. The Trail was marked with red bricks and red paint, and signs were added along the way to explain the importance of the Trail's 16 stops. By 1953, 40,000 people were walking the Freedom Trail every year.

The City of Boston's Freedom Trail Commission is in charge of the Trail. The costs of keeping up the Trail are supported by grants from non-profit organizations and foundations; philanthropy; donations; and Boston National Historical Park.

The Boston Common is America's oldest public park. When the Puritans came to Boston, they bought the land from William Blackstone, who was the first European person to settle in Boston. The Puritans turned the land into a "Common Area" where people could bring their cows to eat grass.

The Common was also used to punish and hang people.

In 1775, when the British Army occupied Boston just before the American Revolution started, over 1,000 British soldiers camped and trained on the Common.

The Common has also been used for many other things, including:

The State House is where the Massachusetts state government does business. It was built in 1798 on land that used to be John Hancock's cow pasture. It is topped by a big dome which Paul Revere coated with golden copper.

On the way from the Common to the State House, the Trail passes a monument to Robert Gould Shaw and the 54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment. This was the first all-black volunteer regiment in the American Civil War.

Built in 1809, Park Street Church was once the tallest building in Boston. The Church became an important supporter of the abolitionist (anti-slavery) movement. On Independence Day in 1829, William Lloyd Garrison made his first major speech against slavery at the Church.

During the War of 1812, the Church's members stored brimstone (which is used to make gunpowder) in the Church's basement.

Granary Burying Ground is a very old cemetery, created in 1660. Many important people are buried here, including:

Many other Bostonians are also buried here.

King's Chapel was the first Anglican church in Boston. It was built in 1688, on land that was part of a burying ground (cemetery). At that time, most people in Boston were Puritans. King James II, who wanted the colonists to follow the Church of England, ordered that an Anglican parish should be built in Boston. However, nobody in Boston would sell good land to build a non-Puritan church. Because of this, the King ruled that a piece of burying ground would be taken and used for the church.

King's Chapel Burying Ground was Boston's first cemetery. (It was created before King's Chapel.) Many important Bostonians were buried here, including:

Boston Latin School was the first public school in America. It opened on April 23, 1635. Boys could go to school there for free, whether they were rich or poor. (Girls were taught at home.) Five signers of the Declaration of Independence went to school at Boston Latin:

The original Boston Latin School was torn down in 1745, but a statue of Benjamin Franklin marks the spot where the original school was. Boston Latin School still exists today in a different place (and now teaches both boys and girls).

The Old Corner Bookstore is the oldest business building in Boston. It was built in 1718 as an apothecary shop.

Before it became a business, Anne Hutchinson lived in this building. She used to hold religious meetings in her home, where she would read scripture. Sometimes as many as 80 people would come to the meetings. This was more than 10% of Boston's population at the time. Eventually Hutchinson was accused of heresy for preaching without being a preacher. (At that time, no women were allowed to be preachers, and Hutchinson's ideas also disagreed with the Puritans'.) Hutchinson was excommunicated and exiled to Rhode Island in 1638.

In the 1800s, the Old Corner Bookstore was one of the United States' most important book publishing companies. It published books written by many famous authors, who would also meet at the Bookstore. These authors included:

The Old South Meeting House was built in 1729 so that Puritans could meet there to pray. Benjamin Franklin was baptized here. The church's famous members included:
Some of the events that led up to the American Revolutionary War happened at Old South Church. For example, five thousand people met at Old South Meeting House just before the Boston Tea Party in 1773. They were trying to decide what to do with the tea that was waiting on ships in Boston Harbor. After the British passed the Tea Act, Bostonians would have to pay taxes on the tea even though they had no say in whether the taxes were fair or not. They tried to have the tea sent back to England, but they were unable to. After this, Samuel Adams got up and said, "This meeting can do nothing more to save the country." This was a secret signal to tell the Sons of Liberty to go destroy the tea. This is how the Boston Tea Party started.

Several years later, when British soldiers were occupying Boston, they got revenge on Old South Church for its role in the Boston Tea Party. They ripped out the church's pews (benches) and turned the church into a horse stable. They used Old South Church to teach British cavalry soldiers how to ride horses. After the Revolutionary War was over, in 1783, the church's members fixed the building up into a church again.

The Irish Potato Famine memorial statue is on the way to the Old South Meeting House. During the Irish Potato Famine, over one million Irish people died. Another million Irish people immigrated to the United States, mostly to Boston. The statue shows a family that was dying of starvation, who became strong and healthy again after moving to Boston.

The Old State House was built in 1713. The Massachusetts Bay Colony's colonial government worked there. The Old State House was very important in starting the American Revolution. In 1768, the colony's House of Representatives decided that people in Massachusetts should refuse to pay taxes to the British. The British decided to get rid of the colony's legislature, and also sent soldiers to occupy Boston.

In 1776, the Declaration of Independence was read to the people of Boston for the first time from the balcony of the Old State House.

The Boston Massacre happened just in front of the Old State House, in 1770. After British soldiers occupied Boston, many people in Boston got angrier and angrier. On March 5, 1770, an angry mob of Bostonians surrounded British soldiers. Somebody yelled "fire," and the British soldiers started shooting their guns. Five Bostonians were killed.

After news about the Boston Massacre spread throughout the Thirteen Colonies, people became angrier at the British. The Boston Massacre made more people want to fight the British for independence.

A rich merchant named Peter Faneuil built Faneuil Hall in 1741. He meant Faneuil Hall to be a place for trade and business. However, it became an important meeting place for people who wanted to fight against British rule. The Sons of Liberty met there and announced that they would fight back against the British. Leaders like Samuel Adams gave speeches there encouraging independence.

America's first town meeting was held at Faneuil Hall. Americans first met there in 1764 to protest the Sugar Act and the Stamp Act. Later, they would meet there to protest the Tea Act, the Townshend Duties, and the British occupation of Boston.

On top of Faneuil Hall, there is a famous weathervane (which tells which way the wind is blowing). It is shaped like a golden grasshopper. Legend says that Bostonians used this weathervane during the War of 1812 to find spies. If a person did not know the answer to the question "What is on top of Faneuil Hall?", they were suspected of being a spy.

In the 19th century, abolitionists like Frederick Douglass, William Lloyd Garrison, and Lucy Stone spoke against slavery at Faneuil Hall.

The Paul Revere house is the oldest building in downtown Boston that is still standing. It was built around 1680. Revere bought it in 1770. He lived here when he made his famous "Midnight Ride".

The Old North Church is the oldest church in Boston that is still standing. This Episcopal church opened in 1723. The first bells ever brought to America were put in its steeple.

Because the steeple was the tallest in Boston at the time, it played an important role just before the American Revolution started. Just before the Battles of Lexington and Concord, the first battles of the Revolution, the British had two choices for how they could get to Lexington and Concord. They could walk, or they could row across the Charles River. The Sons of Liberty hung two lanterns in the church's steeple to signal that British soldiers were crossing the Charles River. This helped the Americans figure out the best way to defend against the British.

Copp's Hill Burying Ground was the largest cemetery in colonial Boston. It was created in 1659. Famous people who are buried here include:

British soldiers put their cannons at Copp's Hill Burying Ground during the Battle of Bunker Hill.

The Bunker Hill Monument honors the Battle of Bunker Hill. This was the first major battle of the American Revolution. Though the British won this battle, it was so difficult for them to win that the battle proved the Americans would not be easy to beat.

Until May 2015, the USS "Constitution" was the oldest warship in the world that still floated. It was first put into the water in 1797. The "Constitution" became famous during the War of 1812. The ship got the nickname "Old Ironsides" because cannonballs would bounce off the wooden sides of the ship like they were made of iron.

The "Constitution" is still a United States Navy warship.



Pat Conroy

Pat Conroy (October 26, 1945 – March 4, 2016) was an American author. He has written several famous novels and memoirs. Two of his novels, "The Prince of Tides" and "The Great Santini", were made into movies that were nominated for Academy Awards. He was known as a leading writer of late-20th century Southern literature.

Conroy died on March 4, 2016 from pancreatic cancer in Beaufort, South Carolina. He was aged 70.

Ali Brownlee

Alastair "Ali" Brownlee (1959 – 14 February 2016) was a English radio broadcaster. He was born in Middlesbrough, North Riding of Yorkshire. He was best known for his coverage of Middlesbrough Football Club on BBC Tees from 1982 onwards. His connection to the club earned him the honorific "Voice of the Boro".

Brownlee was a bank manager before becoming a sports commentator.

Brownlee died on 14 February 2016 at a hospital in Linthorpe, Middlesbrough, North Yorkshire. He had suffered from bowel cancer for three months. He was aged 56.


Fighton Simukonda

Fighton Simukonda (2 February 1958 – 15 February 2016) was a Zambian football player and coach. He was part of the Nkana Red Devils team during the 1980s. He won five league titles. He was also captain of the Zambian national team. As a coach, he won several Zambian Premier League titles. He became the first coach to lead a Zambian club to the group phase of the CAF Champions' League.

Simukonda died on 15 February 2016 from complications of diabetes. He was aged 58.




The Nchanga Rangers coach died on 15 February 2016 in Chililabombwe's Konkola Mine Police after a battle with Diabetes Mellitus.


Slobodan Santrač

Slobodan Santrač (Serbian Cyrillic: Слободан Сантрач; 1 July 1946 – 13 February 2016) was a Yugoslav and Serbian football manager and player. He was the all-time top scorer of the Yugoslav First League with a total of 218 goals. He was also the top scorer in the history of OFK Beograd. 

After finishing his playing career, Santrač was manager of numerous clubs and national teams. He reached the knockout stage with FR Yugoslavia at the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France.

On 13 February 2016, Santrač died of a heart attack in Belgrade. He was aged 69.

OFK Beograd
Partizan
Galenika Zemun
Individual

Shandong Luneng
Individual

Patriarch Kirill of Moscow

Kirill or Cyril (, secular name Vladimir Mikhailovich Gundyayev, ; born 20 November 1946) is a Russian Orthodox bishop. He became Patriarch of Moscow and all Rus' and Primate of the Russian Orthodox Church on 1 February 2009.

Before becoming Patriarch, Kirill was Archbishop (later Metropolitan) of Smolensk and Kaliningrad from 26 December 1984. He was also Chairman of the Russian Orthodox Church's Department for External Church Relations and a permanent member of the Holy Synod beginning in 1989.


Burr–Hamilton duel

The Burr–Hamilton duel was a duel fought between two well-known American politicians. It was between the former secretary of the treasury Alexander Hamilton and sitting vice president Aaron Burr. It took place on July 11, 1804. The duel was caused by a long and bitter rivalry between the two men. At Weehawken, in New Jersey, Burr shot and wounded Hamilton. Hamilton was carried to the home of William Bayard on the Manhattan shore, where he died the next day. The duel ended Burr's political career.

Girls (TV series)

Girls is an American comedy-drama television series. The show began on HBO on April 15, 2012. It was created by Lena Dunham, who plays Hannah.

The show is about the lives of four young women living in Brooklyn, New York City.

Brachial plexus

The brachial plexus is a group of nerves. It runs from the vertebral column to the arm. 

The brachial plexus is divided into five "roots", three "trunks", six "divisions", three "cords", and five "branches". 

The five roots come out of the spinal cord. They are each named after the part of the spinal cord they come out of: C5, C6, C7, C8, and T1.

These roots join to form three trunks:

Each trunk then splits into two divisions:

These six divisions join up again to become the three cords. 

The nerves that come out of the brachial plexus include:


Triangle Marsh

Triangle Marsh is a wetland in the San Francisco Bay area. It is at the base of Ring Mountain at the north end of the Tiburon Peninsula in Marin County, California.


University of Tromsø

University of Tromsø (UiT, ""The arctic university of Norway"") is a university in Norway. The main campus is in Tromsø. It also has campuses in Alta, Hammerfest, Harstad and Narvik. The main campus is located north on the Tromsø island in Troms county.

The university was founded in 1971 by the Norwegian government. It has had four mergers since then:

When UiT merged with Tromsø University College it became the oldest school in Norway. Tromsø University College was founded on 7 February 1826. It was then called Trondenes seminar.

Juramaia

Juramaia is the earliest known eutherian mammal. It is a small shrew-like mammal of body length about 70100 mm. It is an extinct genus from the Upper Jurassic deposits of western Liaoning, China. 

A nearly complete skeleton, with an incomplete skull with full dentition was found. It was collected in the Daxigou site, Jianchang, from the Tiaojishan Formation. It is dated at about 160 million years ago.

The discovery of "Juramaia" provides new insight into the evolution of eutherian mammals. It shows their lineage diverged from that of the marsupials 35 million years earlier than previously thought. Furthermore, its discovery fills gaps in the fossil record and helps to calibrate modern, DNA-based methods of dating the evolution. 

The forelimb bones have climbing adaptations, so it is suggested that the basal stock of Eutheria was arboreal.


Nishagandhi Puraskaram

Nishagandhi Puraskaram () is an award given out by the government of Kerala in India. It is given out every year by the Tourism department. It is awarded to artists in the fields of dance and music.

The award comes with 1,50,000 rupees, a citation and a statuette. It is awarded as part of the Nishagandhi Dance and Music Festival, which is held in January every year. This is a cultural annual programme of the Tourism department of Kerala. The award ceremony takes place at the Nishagandhi theatre in the Kanakakkunnu Palace ground in Trivandrum, the capital city of Kerala. The award was introduced to make the festival more popular on a national and international level. 

The Nishagandhi Puraskaram was first awarded to the classical dancer Mrinalini Sarabhai in 2013. Hindustani musician Lalith J Rao and Bharata Natyam artist Padma Subrahmanyam won the awards in the next years (2014 and 2015). The most recent recipient of the award in 2016 is the music director Ilayaraja.

Exsanguination

Exsanguination is losing enough blood to cause death. A person does not have to lose all of their blood to exsanguinate. People can die from losing half to two-thirds of their blood.

The average adult has about 4 to 6 liters of blood (9 to 12 US pints) in their body. The average man has more blood than the average woman, and people who weigh more or are taller than others have more blood. This means a person can die from losing 2 / to 4 liters of blood. To compare, this is five to eight times as much blood as people usually give in a blood donation.

Children and babies have much less blood than adults, and can exsanguinate by losing much less blood than adults.

Exsanguination is often called bleeding to death or bleeding out. It is a medical emergency.
Doctors define exsanguination this way:

Bleeding can be "external" or "internal".

"External" means "outside the body." External bleeding is visible - it can be seen outside the body. For example, a person who cuts their hand and has blood on their hand is having external bleeding.

"Internal" means "inside the body." Internal bleeding cannot be seen, because it is inside the body. For example, a person who is bleeding into their brain because of a stroke is having internal bleeding.

Sometimes, bleeding can be both internal and external. A person can exsanguinate from internal bleeding, external bleeding, or both.

Exsanguination is usually caused by major blood vessels getting injured or breaking open. Smaller blood vessels bleed less, and bleed slower, so it is harder to exsanguinate if they are injured.

Exsanguination can be caused by trauma (injuries). Out of all people who die from injuries, 30-40% die from exsanguination. Up to half of these people (33-56%) die before they even get to the hospital.

Penetrating trauma (an injury where something breaks the skin) is one of the most common causes of exsanguination. This is especially true for gunshot wounds to places like the heart, chest, or head, which all have major blood vessels in them.

Other injuries that can cause exsanguination include:

A person can exsanguinate from internal bleeding if:

Exsanguination is one of the most common causes of death in soldiers at war. It is usually caused by gunshot wounds, motor vehicle accidents, or explosions.

Some medical problems can make a person exsanguinate by bleeding internally. These problems include:

If a person is losing blood very quickly (for example, from a broken aortic aneurysm), they will only be conscious for 20 seconds to a few minutes. If blood loss is slower, and the person does not get medical treatment, they may be conscious for a few hours. However, they will get more and more confused and tired as they lose more blood. Eventually the person will go into a coma because there is not enough blood left in their body to bring oxygen to their brain. Finally their heart will stop and they will die.

Doctors call exsanguination a syndrome (a group of symptoms), because it causes so many problems in the body.

Blood helps keep us warm. Because of this, losing a lot of blood causes hypothermia.

Coagulopathy means that the blood no longer clots normally. When a person loses blood, they also lose the platelets and blood-clotting proteins the blood carried. These platelets and proteins make the blood clot. If a person loses too much blood, they will not have enough platelets or proteins left to make the blood clot.

Acidosis means that the body makes too much acid. Usually, the body makes energy out of oxygen carried in the blood and glucose (sugar); this is called aerobic respiration. If a person loses a lot of blood, there will not be enough oxygen in the blood that is left to make energy this way. The body switches to anaerobic respiration and makes energy out of glucose without needing oxygen. However, this creates many acidic waste products (chemicals that the body does not need, which are left over after the body does chemical reactions). Eventually, these waste products can build up so much that they poison the body. This is called acidosis.

When the heart does not get enough blood, it can start beating in ways that are not normal. When this happens because of exsanguination, it usually means that the patient is close to dying.

If a person loses enough blood, they will go into shock. This means the body's most important organs are not getting the blood, oxygen, and nutrients they need to survive. It also means that the body is not able to get rid of waste products, like acids. If shock gets bad enough, it will kill the person.

First aid is an important first step in treating exsanguination. Things that regular people can do to help include:

If possible, a person giving first aid should wear gloves any time they touch another person's blood. The sick or injured person may have an infection that can be spread through blood, like HIV or hepatitis. Wearing gloves will protect the person giving first aid from getting these infections.

First aid saved many lives during the Boston Marathon bombings, when ordinary people used belts for tourniquets or used their own hands to press against bleeding wounds. The three people who died in the bombings died right away. There were many other people who were hurt badly enough that they could have exsanguinated. For example, some people's legs were blown off by the bombs. However, because of the help of ordinary people giving first aid (and because of emergency medical services), everyone who did not die right away survived.

Emergency medical treatments for exsanguination include:

There are some risk factors which make a person more likely to exsanguinate. A few examples are:

When a person is exsanguinating, they are more likely to die if:


Vanity (singer)

Denise Katrina Matthews, also known as Vanity (January 4, 1959 – February 15, 2016), was a Canadian-American singer, songwriter, actress, dancer and model. She was the lead singer of the female trio Vanity 6 between 1981 until it disbanded in 1983. The group was well known for their 1982 hit song "Nasty Girl".

Vanity also had a successful acting career, starring in movies, including "Action Jackson" and "The Last Dragon". 

In 1994, Vanity converted to Christianity.

Vanity was born in Niagara Falls, Ontario. She died of complications from peritoneal dialysis in a Fremont, California hospital. She was 57.

Seventh Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Seventh Amendment (Amendment VII) to the United States Constitution is part of the Bill of Rights. This amendment codifies the right to a jury trial in certain civil cases. It also stops courts from overturning a jury's verdict. The Seventh Amendment's provision for jury trials in civil cases has never been incorporated (applied to the states). However, the rights to civil jury trials are found in nearly every state constitution.

The prohibition of overturning a jury's verdict applies to federal cases, state cases involving federal law, and to review of state cases by federal courts. "United States v. Wonson" (1812) established the "historical test", which interpreted the amendment as relying on English common law to determine whether a jury trial was necessary in a civil lawsuit. The amendment thus does not guarantee trial by jury in cases under maritime law, in lawsuits against the government itself, and for many parts of patent claims. In all other cases, the jury can be waived by consent of the parties. The amendment also guarantees a minimum of six members for a jury in a civil trial. 

The 7th Amendment was ratified on December 15, 1791 as one of ten amendments in the Bill of Rights. But the background for its passing began in England during the 12th century. At the time juries were made up of 12 men who gave their opinions in a trial. The 12-man jury originally included the accusers against the defendant, a supposed enemy of the king. Eventually this led to a system where the jury made a verdict based on evidence. The practice followed English colonists to the American colonies. But juries became a tool used to express American discontent with British rule. A series of Navigation Acts prohibited the American colonies from trading directly with the Netherlands, Spain, France, and their colonies. As more and more trade restriction were imposed, the American colonists turned to smuggling. When smugglers were caught, they were brought before juries made up of other colonists. These sympathetic juries often acquitted their fellow colonists. The king, angered at these lawbreakers going free, created new courts that did not allow juries. This was a breach of common law practice and infringed on their rights as British citizens. After the American Revolutionary War, the Seventh Amendment was written to expressly limit the powers of the executive and the Judicial branches of the new federal government.

Eddie Barry

Edward Thomas "Ed" Barry (October 12, 1919 – February 12, 2016) was an American professional ice hockey player. Barry also played for the Boston Olympics of the Eastern Hockey League and the Boston Bruins, and later became the coach at Boston State College. He has been a member of the Northeastern University athletics Hall of Fame since 1976, and a member of the UMass Boston Hall of Fame since 2003.

Barry died on February 12, 2016 from complications of Alzheimer's disease. He was under hospice care in Needham, Massachusetts at the time. He was aged 96.

Christopher Zeeman

Sir Erik Christopher Zeeman FRS (4 February 1925 – 13 February 2016), was a British mathematician. He was known for his work in geometric topology and singularity theory. Zeeman's main contributions to mathematics were in topology, particularly in knot theory, the piecewise linear category, and dynamical systems.


Arnold Rüütel

Arnold Rüütel () (born May 10, 1928) is an Estonian politician. 

He served as the last Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Estonian SSR from April 8, 1983 to March 29, 1990, Chairman of the Supreme Soviet of the Estonian SSR (from May 8, 1990: Supreme Council of the Republic of Estonia) from March 29, 1990 to October 6, 1992 and was the third President of the Republic of Estonia from October 8, 2001 to October 9, 2006. 

He was the second President since Estonia regained independence in 1991. Rüütel also served as one of fifteen Deputy Chairmen of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR.


Zhu Rongji

Zhu Rongji (; born 1 October 1928) is a Chinese politician. He served as Mayor and Party chief in Shanghai between 1987 and 1991. He then served as Vice Premier and then fifth Premier of the People's Republic of China from March 1998 to March 2003.


Bill Dana

Bill Dana (October 5, 1924 – June 15, 2017) was an American comedian, actor and screenwriter. He often appeared on television shows such as "The Ed Sullivan Show". He was known for appearing as a heavily accented Bolivian character named José Jiménez. Dana often portrayed the Jiménez character as an astronaut.

Dana died at his home in Nashville, Tennessee on June 15, 2017 at the age of 92.

Annie Glenn

Anna Margaret "Annie" Glenn, (née Castor; February 17, 1920 – May 19, 2020) was an American activist and philanthropist. She was the widow of former astronaut and Senator John Glenn. She was added into the National Stuttering Association Hall of Fame.

She was known for her works to raise awareness of children and adults with disabilities such as stuttering. She suffered from it during her early years until it went away when she was in her 50s.

Glenn was born in Columbus, Ohio. She studied at Muskingum College. Glenn married John Glenn in 1943. Together, they had two children. Glenn died at a nursing home in St. Paul, Minnesota on May 19, 2020 at the age of 100. The cause of death was COVID-19.

Li Peng

Li Peng (20 October 1928 – 22 July 2019) was a Chinese politician. He served as the fourth Premier of the People's Republic of China, between 1987 and 1998. He also served as the Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, China's top legislative body from 1998 to 2003.

For much of the 1990s, Li was ranked second in the Communist Party of China (CPC) hierarchy behind then General Secretary Jiang Zemin. He retained his seat on the CPC Politburo Standing Committee until 2002.

Li died on 22 July 2019 at the age of 90 from an illness at a hospital in Beijing.


Intravenous therapy

Intravenous injection or intravenous therapy means putting liquid into a vein, using a needle. Many illegal drugs and medications can be given intravenously.
Drugs and medications work very fast when given intravenously, because they go right into the bloodstream. They reach the brain and start working in a minute or less. Also, when a drug is given intravenously, 100% of the drug gets into the bloodstream.

When medications are given in other ways, they do not work as fast. Also, not all of the drug reaches the bloodstream.

However, medications given by IV do not last as long as medicines given by mouth As soon as the drug reaches the bloodstream, the body begins to break it down so the body can get rid of it.

There are two types of intravenous injections.

Sometimes, people inject just one drug into a vein with a needle. Then they take the needle out.

When people use illegal drugs like heroin intravenously, they use a single injection. They shoot the drug into their veins, and then take the needle out.

The second type of IV injection is called an "intravenous (IV) line." This is usually what medical professionals mean when they say a patient is getting an IV.

To do an IV line, a medical professional will:

An IV line allows medical professionals to give different liquids at different times, without having to put a needle into a vein every time. They can also give many medications at the same time.

Intravenous lines are often used in emergency medicine. Many things can be given through an IV line.

Volume expanders are special fluids that are used when a person has lost some of the fluids in their body. For example, a person might lose fluids because of dehydration or bleeding. Volume expanders are used to replace these lost fluids. They are called "volume expanders" because they expand (increase) the volume of liquid in the bloodstream.

Losing too much fluid is dangerous. People need liquid in their bloodstream to carry blood cells, glucose (sugar), electrolytes (salts), and many other important things. Usually, the blood plasma (the liquid part of blood) does this job. However, people can lose plasma for several reasons. For example:

Volume expanders add to the amount of liquid in the bloodstream. They help plasma do its job.

There are a few common volume expanders. They are mixtures of liquids and other things the body loses when a person loses fluid:

Many medications can be given by IV. They can be given by themselves, or mixed into volume expanders.

Examples of medications that can be given by IV include:

Blood transfusions are usually given through an IV line. A blood transfusion can give a person regular blood, or only parts of the blood, like:

If a person cannot eat for a short time, nutrition can be given through an IV line. IV nutrition mixtures include water, electrolytes, glucose, amino acids, lipids (fats), and vitamins.

Intravenous drug use means injecting illegal drugs into a vein. Illegal drugs that can be injected intravenously include:

Sometimes, people also dissolve prescription medications in water and inject them intravenously. For example, some people dissolve oxycodone or benzodiazepines and inject them.

People use drugs intravenously because it is one of the fastest ways to get the effects of the drug. When a person uses drugs intravenously, the drugs start working within 15 to 30 seconds.

Using drugs intravenously can cause many problems.

If a person uses a needle that is not clean to inject drugs, they can get an infection. Common infections caused by IV drug use include:

An IV drug user can also get some infectious diseases by using the same needles as people who have those diseases. HIV, hepatitis B, hepatitis C, and many other infections can be spread by sharing needles.

In the world, 40-60% of IV drug users have hepatitis B, and 60-70% have hepatitis C.

People are more likely to overdose when they use drugs intravenously. There are a few reasons for this:

When an IV drug user injects drugs into their veins over and over again, they can damage their veins. The veins can get scarred and eventually collapse. This leaves marks over the scarred veins that are called "track marks."


The Selfish Gene

The Selfish Gene is a book on evolution by Richard Dawkins, published in 1976. It builds upon the work of George C. Williams's book: "Adaptation and Natural Selection", and helped popularize W.D. Hamilton's work. 

Dawkins used the term "selfish gene" as a way of expressing the "gene-centred view of evolution". From the gene-centred view, it follows that the more two individuals are genetically related, the more sense (at the level of the genes) it makes for them to behave selflessly with each other. 

An organism evolves to maximise its inclusive fitness—the number of copies of its genes passed on globally (rather than by a particular individual). 

Dawkins proposes the idea of the "replicator":

The book also coins the term "meme" for a unit of human cultural evolution analogous to the gene. 

Miss Israel

Miss Israel is a beauty contest in Israel. It has been held every year since 1950. The winner competes in the Miss Universe contest and the second place competes in the Miss World contest.

Panzerchrist

Panzerchrist is a Danish blackened death metal band. It was formed in 1993–1994 by Michael Enevoldsen (after he left Illdisposed) and Danish artist Lasse Hoile.

Panzerchrist recorded a few demos and was signed by Serious entertainment. "Six Seconds Kill" was released by Serious Entertainment in 1996, and in 1998 they released "Outpost Fort Europa". In 2000, Panzerchrist was joined by drummer Reno Killerich (ex-Exmortem, Vile, etc.) and Bo Summer (also of Illdisposed). They recorded "Soul Collector", which focused on World War II and had German lyrics. "Soul Collector" was released by Mighty Music in 2000.

In 2002, the band was joined by Frederik O'Carroll and Rasmus Henriksen. They began work on the violent "Room Service". It featured compositions that were very loud and fast, including a cover of the Metal Church classic "Metal Church". "Room Service" was recorded at Tue Madsen's "Antfarm Studios" (The Haunted, Illdisposed, Mnemic etc.) and was released by Mighty Music in 2003. The name of each song on the album "Room Service" are the first word(s) to be sung on each song. Each song on the album "Room Service" ends with the words "Death, forever panzer" – except the song "Metal Church", since it is a cover.

In 2006, Panzerchrist drummer Killerich and Karina Bundgaard, now on keyboards, rejoined for the recording of "Battalion Beast". This was released by Neurotic Records in 2006. This album features the words "Christ, thy name is panzer" at the end of each song.

Whip (disambiguation)

A whip is a long strand of leather with a hard handle, used for directing or hitting animals or people.

Whip may also refer to:


Native American flute

The Native American flute is a flute that is held in front of the person playing it, has open holes for the player's fingers, and has two separate parts: one for the breath of the person playing the flute and another that makes the sound of the flute.

The player breathes into one end of the flute. A "block" on the outside of the flute directs the player's breath from the first part to the second part, causing air to vibrate in the second part. The vibration causes a steady resonance of air in the second part that creates sound.

Native American flutes are made in many different designs, sizes, and variations —far more other woodwind instruments.

The Native American flute has many other names.: "American Indian courting flute", "courting flute", "Grandfather's flute", "Indian flute", "love flute", "Native American courting flute", "Native American love flute", "Native American style flute" (see the Indian Arts And Crafts Act), "North American flute", "Plains flute", and "Plains Indian courting flute".

The correct way to spell the name of the instrument is "Native American flute" using capital letters for "N" and "A" and lower-case letters for the "f" in "flute".

A person who plays Native American flutes is called a "flutist". The word "flautist" is used, but much less often.

There are many stories about how different Native American peoples invented the Native American flute. In one story, a woodpecker pecked holes in the branch of a tree while searching for termites. When the wind blew along the holes, people heard music.

It is not well known how the design of the Native American flute developed before 1823. Some of the influences may have been:
It is also possible that instruments were carried from other cultures during migrations.

The oldest Native American flute made of wood is from 1823. It is now in a museum in Bergamo, Italy.

The Native American flute has two parts: the "slow air chamber" and the "sound chamber". A "plug" inside the instrument separates the slow air chamber from the sound chamber.

The parts of the Native American flute can have many alternate names. The plug is sometimes called the "internal wall". The slow air chamber is also called the "SAC", the "compression chamber", or the "mouth chamber". The sound chamber is also called the "pipe body", the "playing chamber", the "resonating chamber", the "tone chamber", or the "variable tube".

The "block" on the outside of the instrument is a separate part that can be removed. The block is also called the "bird", the "fetish", the "saddle", or the "totem". The block is tied by a "strap" onto the "nest" of the flute. The block moves air through a "flue" from the slow air chamber to the sound chamber. The block is often in the shape of a bird.

The slow air chamber has a "mouthpiece" and "breath hole" for the player's breath. Air flows through the slow air chamber and up the "exit hole" into the flue.
The sound chamber contains the "sound hole", which creates the vibration of air that causes sound when the airflow reaches the "splitting edge". The sound hole can also be called the "whistle hole", the "window", or the "true sound hole" ("TSH"). The splitting edge can also be called the "cutting edge", the "fipple edge", the "labium", or the "sound edge".

The sound chamber also has "finger holes" that allows the player to change the frequency of the vibrating air. Changing the frequency of the vibration changes the pitch of the sound produced.

The finger holes on a Native American flute are "open", meaning that fingers of the player cover the finger hole (rather than metal levers or pads such as those on a clarinet). This means that the player must be able to reach all the finger holes on the instrument with their fingers. The finger holes can also be called the "note holes", the "playing holes", the "tone holes", or the "stops".

The "foot end" of the flute — the end far away from the player's mouth — can have "direction holes". These holes affect the pitch of the flute when all the finger holes are covered. They also relate to the "Four Directions" of East, South, West, and North found in many Native American stories. The direction holes can also be called the "tuning holes" or "wind holes".

The picture shown above– "Parts of the Native American flute" with – can also be seen with labels in , , , , , , , , ,and .

Another way to build Native American flutes uses a "spacer plate" to create the flue. The spacer plate sits between the nest area on the body of the flute and the block. The spacer player is usually held in place by the same strap that holds the block onto the instrument. The splitting edge can also be part of the spacer plate.

The spacer plate is often made of metal, but spacer plates can be made of wood, bark, and ceramic.

Many old Native American flutes were made using measurements of the body. The length of the flute was the distance from inside of the elbow to tip of the index finger. The length of the slow air chamber was the width of the fist. The distance between the sound hole and first finger hole was the width of the fist. The distance between finger holes would be the width of a thumb. The distance from the last finger hole to the end of the flute was the width of the fist.

Currently, makers of Native American flutes use many methods to design the dimensions of their flutes. This is very important for the location of the finger holes, since they control the pitch of the different notes of the instrument. Flute makers may use calculators to design their instruments, or use dimensions provided by other flute makers.

Many Native American flutes are made from river cane, bamboo, wood,
or even plastic. Some makers of Native American flutes use ceramic or glass.

Many Native American flutes have a musical scale called the pentatonic scale in a minor key. This musical scale is used in most Native American flute music. However, some makers of Native American flute now use different musical scales. Many makers of Native American flutes tune flutes carefully so that they sound good when played with other instruments such as guitars and pianos.

Native American flutes may be large or small and have a wide range from very low notes to very high notes. From the largest flutes (lowest pitch) to the smallest flutes (highest pitch), they span a range of about three and a half octaves, from C to A.

Early recordings of Native American flutes are available from several sources.
Most Native American flutes have either five or six finger holes. However, a flute may have no finger holes or as many as seven finger holes, including a hole for the thumb. Different makers employ different musical scales and fingerings for their flutes.

Written music for the Native American flutes is often in the key of F-sharp minor, although some music is scored in other keys. Music written for the Native American flute uses a key signature of four sharps. This is known as "Nakai tablature". Many pieces of written music adds finger diagrams below the notes to show which finger holes to cover for that note.

The use of a standard key signature for written music that can be used across Native American flutes in a variety of keys classifies the instrument as a transposing instrument.

There were few Native American flute players before 1960. Use of the Native American flute increased in the late 1960s. Many people began playing them, such as Doc Tate Nevaquaya, John Rainer, Jr., Sky Walkinstik Man Alone, and Carl Running Deer.

The music of R. Carlos Nakai became popular in the 1980s. The album "Canyon Trilogy" was issued in 1989. In 1998 it was the first Native American music album certified as a Gold Record by the Recording Industry Association of America. Canyon Trilogy was certified as a Platinum Record on July 8, 2014.

Mary Youngblood won two Grammy Awards in the "Native American Music" category for her Native American flute music in 2002 and 2006. Today, Native American flutes are being played and recognized by many different peoples and cultures around the world.

Groups of players of the Native American flute meet every month or two. These groups are known as "flute circles".

These organizations help flute circles within their country:




Politburo of the Chinese Communist Party

The Central Politburo of the Communist Party of China is a group of 25 people who oversee the Communist Party of China. It is formally called the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee. It was previously called the Central Bureau () before 1927. Unlike politburos (political bureaus) of other Communist parties, power within the politburo is centralized in the Politburo Standing Committee. The members of the Politburo are nominally elected by the Central Committee.

The power of the Politburo is mostly due to the fact that its members generally also hold positions within the government of the People's Republic of China. It also appoints people to high-ranking jobs. The topics for discussion at the meetings appears to be controlled by the General Secretary. Decisions are made by consensus rather than by majority vote.

State Council of the People's Republic of China

The State Council is the cabinet of the People's Republic of China. Currently, the council has 35 members: the premier, four vice premiers, five state councilors (of whom two are also ministers), and 25 additional ministers and chairs of major agencies. Constitutionally, the State Council is the same as the Central People's Government since 1954 (particularly in relation to local governments).

In the politics of China, the Central People's Government forms one of three interlocking branches of power, the others being the Communist Party of China and the People's Liberation Army. The State Council directly oversees the various subordinate People's Governments in the provinces, and in practice maintains membership with the top levels of the Communist Party of China.

National People's Congress

The National People's Congress (usually abbreviated NPC) is the national legislature of the People's Republic of China. It had 2,987 members in 2013. It is the largest parliament in the world. Under China's current Constitution, the NPC is unicameral; it is not divided into a lower house and an upper house. It the power to legislate, to oversee the operations of the government, and the power to elect the major officers of state.

Laser pointer

A laser pointer (or laser pen) is a small device that shines a low-powered laser light. The pointer is usually powered by a battery. It contains a laser diode that emits a very narrow laser beam of visible light. When pointed at an object, it shines a small bright spot of colored light. The pointer is held in a hand. It is used to highlight something of interest. Power is restricted in most jurisdictions not to exceed 5 milliwatts.

Hu Chunhua

Hu Chunhua (; born April 1963) is a Chinese politician born in Hubei Province.

In 1979, Hu was admitted to Beijing University. He graduated from Beijing University in 1983. After graduation, Hu volunteered to work in Tibet autonomous region. During 1988 ~ 1992 he worked in Tibet, Hu Jingtao was the local Communist Party chief. In 1997, he left Tibet and worked as leader in .

In 2001, Hu Chunhua returned back to Tibet. This time he worked there as senior party and government official. After 5 years of rich experience, in December 2006, he was promoted to the chief of in Beijing.

In March 2008, Hu was appointed as deputy party chief of CPC in Hebei province; and nominated to be the candidate of provincial governor. In April, he was appointed as Hebei governor; and officially elected as governor in January 2009.

In November 2009, Hu was appointed as CPC party chief on Inner Mongolia autonomous region.

In November 2012, Hu was promoted to the powerful Communist Party's Politburo. He was assigned the Communist Party Secretary of Guangdong province, the province's top political office. Hu and another Communist Party's Politburo member Sun Zhengcai Hu were seen as promising candidates in the 'sixth generation' of Chinese leadership. However, Xi Jinping, the General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, changed the traditional power transfer rule. While Hu was not as unfortunate as Sun who was charged and sentenced (in 2018) due to corruption, he failed to enter the leadership core of CPC - the Politburo Standing Committee.

Upsala-Lenna Jernväg

Upsala-Lenna Jernväg (ULJ) is a railway line in Sweden. It runs from the city of Uppsala to various small towns in Uppsala Municipality. It is long. It is a part of the Roslagen network. It is a heritage railway.

Corazón que miente

Corazón que miente (English: "Lying Heart") is a Mexican telenovela. It is produced by Mapat L. de Zatarain for Televisa. It is a remake of the Mexican telenovela "Laberintos de pasión", produced in 1999 by Ernesto Alonso. It is created by Cuauhtémoc Blanco and Maria del Carmen Peña. 

The series stars Thelma Madrigal as Mariela, Pablo Lyle as Alonso, Diego Olivera as Leonardo and Dulce María as Renata.

The series was first shown on Februaury 8, 2016, in Mexico on Canal de las Estrellas.


Sun Zhengcai

Sun Zhengcai (; born September 25 1963) was a Chinese politician and senior regional official before his fall from power in 2017. 

Sun joined Communist Party of China (CPC) in July 1988. He was a member of the CPC Central Committee since 2007. Since November 2012, Sun has been the Communist Party Secretary of Chongqing, an interior municipality, and a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of China. Before that, he served as the Party Secretary of Jilin province, and Minister of Agriculture of China. 

Sun is the youngest member of the 18th Politburo, and one of only two members born after 1960, the other being Hu Chunhua. As such, Sun and Hu were considered to be a leading candidate for a top leadership position in the "6th Generation of Chinese leadership". However, Xi Jinping, the General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, changed the game by abandoning the successors designated by his predecessors.

In July 14, 2017, Sun was removed from the post of Communist Party Secretary of Chongqing, and investigated for wrong-doings. On July 24, the Chinese official news agency reported that Sun violated CPC's disciplines. On September 29, Sun was stripped of his CPC membership, fired from his government position, and charged for crime. On May 8, 2018, Sun was sentenced for life in prison.

Undue burden standard

The undue burden standard is a constitutional test created by the Supreme Court of the United States. The test, first developed in the late 19th century, is widely used in American constitutional law. In short, the Undue Burden standard says the legislature cannot make a particular law that is too burdensome or restrictive of one's fundamental rights.

One use of the standard was in "Morgan v. Commonwealth of Virginia," 328 U.S. 373 (1946). In a 7-to-1 ruling, Associate Justice Stanley Forman Reed fashioned an "undue burden" test to decide the constitutionality of a Virginia law requiring separate but equal racial segregation in public transportation. "There is a recognized abstract principle, however, that may be taken as a postulate for testing whether particular state legislation in the absence of action by Congress is beyond state power. This is that the state legislation is invalid if it unduly burdens that commerce in matters where uniformity is necessary—necessary in the constitutional sense of useful in accomplishing a permitted purpose."

More recently, the standard has been used in cases involving state restrictions on a woman's access to abortion. The standard was applied by Associate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor in her dissent in "City of Akron v. Akron Center for Reproductive Health," 462 US 416 (1983). O'Connor used the test as an alternative to the strict scrutiny test applied in "Roe v. Wade," 410 U.S. 113 (1973).

Castillo

Castillo may refer to:



Castillo-Albaráñez

Castillo-Albaráñez is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 28.

Castillo de Garcimuñoz

Castillo de Garcimuñoz is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 209.

El Oasis

El Oasis is a rural community in Ojinaga Municipality, Chihuahua, Mexico. It had a population of 475 inhabitants at the 2010 census. It is also situated at 1,204 meters above sea level.

February 2016 Ankara bombing

The February 2016 Ankara bombing was a car bombing in Ankara, Turkey, in the afternoon of 17 February 2016. It set several vehicles alight. An operation was launched against the suspected attackers.

April Winchell

April Winchell Foley (born January 4, 1960) is an American voice actress, writer, talk radio host, commentator and comedian. She is best known for voicing Clarabelle Cow in "Mickey Mouse ClubHouse" and various other Disney projects.

She is the daughter of comedian and ventriloquist, Paul Winchell.

She was married Mick Kuisel until they divorced. She has been married to John Foley since 2013.

Bursitis

Bursitis is a painful condition. Small sacs called bursae get inflamed. Bursae are pockets between your muscles and your bones. Your bursa help you move without pain. In bursitis, the inflammation is often caused by extra fluid in the bursae. The most common places to have bursitis are in your hip and shoulder. You can also have bursitis in your elbow, knee and toe.

One of the most common symptoms of bursitis is pain. It can also cause stiffness and swelling. Pain happens when you move your joints.

The most common cause of bursitis is moving your joints too much. Swelling can happen when the joint locks.

There are a few ways to treat bursitis. The best way to treat bursitis is to rest the joint and to lift it up. You can also put a medicine called cortisone into the hurt bursa. You should put it on ice for twenty minutes three to four times a day.

Mohamed Hassanein Heikal

Mohamed Hassanein Heikal (23 September 1923 – 17 February 2016) was an Egyptian journalist. For 17 years (1957–1974), he was editor-in-chief of the Cairo newspaper "Al-Ahram". He was a commentator on Arab affairs for more than 50 years. He was born in Cairo, Egypt.

Heikal died in Cairo, Egypt from renal failure on 17 February 2016. He was aged 92.


Akbar Kakkattil

Akbar Kakkattil (7 July 1954 – 17 February 2016) was an Indian short-story writer and novelist. He was born in Kerala state. His works are known for their unique narrative style which has been seen as full of humour. His work, "Sarga Sameeksha", about a young writer with the iconic writers of the old generation is perhaps the first of its kind in an Indian language.

Kakkattil died in a hospital in Kerala from lung cancer on 17 February 2016. He was aged 62.


Andrzej Żuławski

Andrzej Żuławski (; 22 November 1940 – 17 February 2016) was a Polish movie director and writer. He was born in Lwów, Poland (now Ukraine). 

In the late 1950s, he studied filmmaking in France. His second movie "The Devil" (1972) was banned in Poland, and Żuławski went to France. After the success of "" in 1975, he returned to Poland where he spent two years making "On the Silver Globe" (1988). After that, Żuławski moved to France where he became known for controversial and violent art-house movies. Żuławski is also known for his work with actresses including Romy Schneider, Isabelle Adjani and Sophie Marceau.

Żuławski died of pancreatic cancer in Warsaw on 17 February 2016. He was aged 75.


Mies Bouwman

Maria Antoinette "Mies" Bouwman (31 December 1929 – 26 February 2018) was a retired Dutch television presenter. She was born in Amsterdam. She started her career on the very first broadcasting evening of the Dutch broadcasting association KRO (Catholic Radio Broadcaster) on 16 October 1951.

Bouwman developed and hosted "Eén van de acht". It was known in the UK as "The Generation Game". She hosted many talk shows, as well as the Dutch version of "This Is Your Life". She stopped her regular work after falling sick but has occasionally returned for special programs.

Bouwman died on 26 February 2018 in Elst, Netherlands of cardiomyopathy at the age of 88.

Ludwig (surname)

Ludwig is German name. It can be a given name for males or a surname. It is derived from the Old High German name Hludwig, which means "famous warrior." The name Ludwig has a strong and powerful meaning, making it an excellent choice for parents who want to give their child a name that will inspire strength and courage. The name is also associated with intelligence and creativity, making it a great choice for parents who want to encourage their child to pursue their passions and interests. The pronunciation of the name is [ luhd-wig, l"oo"d-vig, -wig; "German" loot-vikh, lood- ]. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Casas

Casas may refer to:








Casas de Haro

Casas de Haro is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 910.

Casas de los Pinos

Casas de los Pinos is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 531.

Casas de Guijarro

Casas de Guijarro is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 135.

Casas de Garcimolina

Casas de Garcimolina is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 39.

Casas de Fernando Alonso

Casas de Fernando Alonso is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 1,405.

Casas de Benítez

Casas de Benítez is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 1,118.

Yacouba Sawadogo

Yacouba Sawadogo (April 4, 1946 — December 4, 2023) was a farmer from Burkina Faso, a country in West Africa. He has been using a traditional farming technique called Zaï to help soil damaged by drought. He is notable for spreading an improved soil and water conservation practice in Burkina Faso.

He went to a religious school where the students often didn't have enough to eat. Since he was the smallest and youngest, he was the one who had to go without.

The northern parts of Burkina Faso are very dry and often have droughts. The most recent big drought in happened in the 1970s, resulting in a famine (lack of food) which killed a lot of people.

The drought caused a lot of desertification. There were also other problems like overgrazing, bad land management, and overpopulation. These problems meant that a lot of land could not be used to grow food.

Together with Mathieu Ouédraogo, another local farmer, Yacouba Sawadogo tried different ways of fixing bad soil in about 1980. He uses simple traditional things: cordons pierreux (lines of stones) and zaï holes. Both Sawadogo and Ouédraogo have tried to get other people to do the same things.

Cordons pierreux are thin lines of fist-sized stones laid across fields. They catch water. When rain falls, it pushes silt (special dirt) across top of the field. The rocks slow down the water so it soaks into the ground more. The silt also makes a good place for seeds of local plants to grow. The plants slow the water even more, and their roots break up the soil, so it's easier for more water to soak in.

Zaï holes are holes dug in the soil. They also catch water, but in a different way. They used to only be used a little bit to make land better for growing plants. Yacouba Sawadogo had the idea to fill the holes with manure and other things to make food for the plants. The manure attracts termites, whose tunnels help break up the soil even more. He also made the holes slightly bigger than the traditional ones. Zaï holes have been used to help cultivate trees, and crops like sorghum and millet.

Yacouba Sawadogo holds "Market Days" to get other people to do these things, especially zaï holes. People come to share seeds and learn from each another.

Yacouba Sawadogo's work with zaï holes helped him make a forest of about fifty acres (20 hectares). The nearby city of Ouahigouya took the land to make money. Sawadogo and his family members each get one tenth of out of the plot, and don't get any other payment.

Sawadogo is trying to get $20,000 (American dollars) to buy the land.

Zaï

Zaï is a technique used in agriculture. Holes are dug in the soil to catch water. They have been used in the western Sahel area to make soil healthier and grow more plants.

Yacouba Sawadogo, a farmer from Burkina Faso, is bringing back zaï holes. He came up with the idea of filling them with manure and compost as food for plants. The manure attracts termites, whose tunnels help further break up the soil. He also made the holes slightly bigger than the traditional ones. Zaï holes help trees, sorghum, and millet make up to 500% more food or wood. 

Jury trial

A jury trial or trial by jury is a legal proceeding in which a jury either makes a decision or makes findings of fact. This is called a verdict. The judge usually follows the jury's verdict in his ruling. It is distinguished from a bench trial, in which a judge or panel of judges make all decisions.

William the Conqueror brought to England a system of having witnesses who had any knowledge of a crime, tell the court what they knew. They did this after first swearing an oath. The word juror in English comes from the French "jurer" (to swear). In the 12th century juries were used by the king to discover and present facts. Usually this was in answer to questions posed by the king or his ministers who made the final decision in the case. Eventually this led to a system where the jury made a verdict based on evidence. In the late colonial period, juries became a tool used to express American discontent with British rule. A series of Navigation Acts prohibited the American colonies from trading directly with the Netherlands, Spain, France, and their colonies. As more and more trade restriction were imposed, the American colonists turned to smuggling. When smugglers were caught, they were brought before juries made up of other colonists. These sympathetic juries often acquitted their fellow colonists. The king, angered at these lawbreakers going free, created new courts that did not allow juries. This was a breach of common law practice and infringed on their rights as British citizens. After the Revolutionary war, the Seventh Amendment's right to a jury trial was written to limit the powers of the executive and the Judicial branches of the new federal government.

Jury trials are changing worldwide. In 2008 Russia abolished jury trials in cases of treason and terrorism. Britain, where juries got their start, is using them less in cases of serious fraud and may ban them from some inquests. In many asian countries, their legal systems are moving towards using the jury trial more. In the United States jury trials are on the decline. In federal courts 

The right to a jury trial in civil cases is found in the United States but in very few other places. England, Canada, Australia and New Zealand have all but done away with civil jury trials in favor of bench trials. Fewer than 1 percent of civil trials in the US are jury trials. The Seventh Amendment prevents judges from overturning a jury verdict in federal cases where the finding of fact is reasonably supported by the evidence. In addition, the Sixth Amendment guarantees the right to a speedy trial by an impartial jury in criminal trials.


Lacrimal bone

The lacrimal bone is the smallest bone in the face; about the size of the little fingernail. It is at the front of the inside wall of the eye socket. 

The lacrimal bone is involved in crying. It is part of the tear duct, where tears drain from the eye. The lacrimal sac is where tears flow when you cry. The tears then go down a duct inside the nose. This is why you can get a runny nose from crying. 

Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office

The Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office is the official cat of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. The cat works at 10 Downing Street. Only three cats, Humphrey, Sybil and Larry, have been given the title officially. Other cats have been given this title as a nickname, usually by the British press. There has been a Downing Street cat mouser and pet since the reign of Henry VIII.

Official records about these working cats only date back to 3 June 1929. These come from the Treasury and state the cost for taking care of the cat. Now, the mouser costs 100 GBP (about $140) a year for keep.

The cats do not always belong to the Prime Minister in residence. Only rarely do they serve for exactly the same time as a Prime Minister.The cat with the longest known time at Downing Street is Wilberforce. He served for eighteen years under Edward Heath, Harold Wilson, Jim Callaghan, and Margaret Thatcher.

The incumbent is Larry, since 15 February 2011. The last cat Sybil, was the first mouser after a ten-year gap. She began in September 2007 and left in January 2009. Sybil was owned by the Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling, who lived in 10 Downing Street. The Prime Minister, Gordon Brown, lived in the larger 11 Downing Street. It was reported that Sybil did not like living in London. She went back to Scotland to live with a friend of the Darlings until she died.

In January 2011, rats were seen in Downing Street, "scurrying across the steps of Number 10 Downing Street for the second time during a TV news report,", as reported by Independent Television News . The Prime Minister's office first said there were "no plans" for a cat to be brought in. On 14 February 2011, it was reported that a cat named "Larry" had been brought in to get rid of the rodents. The "London Evening Standard" reported that the brown and white tabby cat had been chosen by David Cameron and his family, from those at Battersea Dogs & Cats Home.

In September 2012, it was reported that Prime Minister David Cameron had dismissed Larry from the post of Chief Mouser. He put in place Chancellor George Osborne's tabby cat, Freya, as the new Chief Mouser to patrol Numbers 10, 11, and 12. Some sources said the two cats would be "job sharing" to avoid any hurt feelings. In November 2014 Freya was exiled from Downing Street, again leaving Larry as the Chief Mouser.

When Theresa May became new Prime Minister in July 2016, Cabinet Office staff said that Larry would still live at Downing Street and would be Chief Mouser under the new Prime Minister. However, "The Daily Telegraph" says maybe Cameron does not really like Larry. During David Cameron's final Prime Minister's Questions on 13 July 2016, the Prime Minister said to the House that Larry's role as Chief Mouser was secure even after the change of premier. Cameron also showed photos that prove he loves Larry. He spoke of his "sadness" that he cannot take Larry with him. 

Larry has also been through UK Prime Ministers Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Liz Truss and current minister Rishi Sunak. 

The British government voluntarily employees and feeds 100,000 cats to keep down mice on government property. By being chosen Chief Mouser, of course, Larry (and Freya) became quite pampered cats, living in royal luxury.

Larry's birthday was celebrated on 15 February 2016. A month later Larry's importance to the UK was compared favourably to a team of dolphins being trained by the Russian Navy. In April Larry's ability to be a good mouser was again questioned. So a new neighbour, Palmerston the cat, moved into the Foreign Office. Just a week later Palmerston made his first kill, a mouse.

During President Obama's April visit to the UK, Larry got much coverage in American social media and news reports.

In June 2016 it was reported that Larry is undecided about the Brexit decision. Whether he gets to keep living at 10 Downing Street, he will still get his daily dinner.



Civil law (common law)

Civil law is a branch of the law in common law countries. The other branch of common law is criminal law. Civil law is concerned with the duties individuals owe to other people or to their government. This excludes the duty not to commit crimes. The American form of civil justice is considerably different from European systems. Two features stand out, class actions and the awarding of punitive damages in tort cases. Many people in other countries are amazed at the number of civil cases in the United States. Americans sue in a wide variety of cases for compensation and medical expenses that are covered in other countries by national health insurance and government compensation programs.

Civil law is concerned with cases such as divorce, child custody and support and related lawsuits. Contract cases, tort cases (when someone is hurt and seeks compensation) and crimes which are tried in a criminal court and then tried in a civil case. Examples would be cases resulting from drunk driving or hit and run.

Civil cases use a lower preponderance of the evidence standard of proof whereas criminal cases use the higher standard of beyond a reasonable doubt. An example of the differences and that the same crime can result in both criminal and civil trials is the O. J. Simpson trials. In his criminal trial a jury decided the evidence did not meet the higher standard so he was acquitted of murder charges. But in the civil wrongful death trial he was found guilty.

The right to a jury trial in civil cases is found in the United States but in very few other places. England, Canada, Australia and New Zealand have all but done away with civil jury trials in favor of bench trials. Fewer than 1 percent of civil trials in the US are jury trials. Where juries are used, the presence of a jury has changed the form of civil proceedings. A jury has to be impaneled, they must hear witnesses and go over evidence before reaching a verdict. The verdict, in turn, must follow the instructions given by a judge.

Bench trials in civil cases are usually conducted differently than jury trials. Judges usually prefer settlements to trials and prefer bench trials because they save time. A judge can streamline a case by asking for what he wants to see and hear, not what is presented for the benefit of a jury.

Bench trials have several advantages. They are usually much less formal than a jury trial. Attorneys for both sides can usually agree on the facts of a case before the trial starts. This can save a great deal of time otherwise spent on hearing witnesses and reviewing evidence. This can save on the costs of a trial. In a jury trial, the judge is required to give instructions to the jury before they deliberate. If a judge makes an error in his instructions, this is called a reversible error and can be used as a basis for an appeal. In a bench trial, the judge gives no instructions since there is no jury. This means the judge cannot be reversed due to an error in the instructions.


CBGB

CBGB was a New York City music nightclub. The letters "CBGB" stand for "country, bluegrass, blues". The club was opened in 1973 by Hilly Kristal. CBGB, soon afterward, became a place where new wave and punk rock bands played. These included Patti Smith Group, Blondie, Ramones and Talking Heads. From the early 1980s onward, CBGB was known for hardcore punk.

One store next to CBGB became the "CBGB Record Canteen", a record shop and café. In the late 1980s, CBGB Record Canteen was changed into an art gallery and second performance space. The name was "CB's 313 Gallery." CB's Gallery was played by artists of milder sounds, such as acoustic rock, folk, jazz or experimental music. On the other side, CBGB had a small cafe and bar in the mid 1990s. The cafe served classic New York pizza.

In October 2006, the original CBGB closed after its final concert. The concert was by Patti Smith. CBGB Radio started on the iHeartRadio platform in 2010. In 2013, its previous building, 315 Bowery, was added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Bowery Historic District.

2015–16 UEFA Champions League – Group stage

The 2015–16 UEFA Champions League group stage began on 15 September and ended on 9 December 2015. A total of 32 teams competed in group stage to decide the 16 places in the knockout phase of the 2015–16 UEFA Champions League.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Wilberforce (cat)

Wilberforce was a cat who lived and worked at 10 Downing Street, the home of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He lived there between October 1973 and 13 November 1987. His title was "Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office".

He served under four British Prime Ministers: Edward Heath, Harold Wilson, Jim Callaghan, and Margaret Thatcher. His chief job was to catch mice. While he was alive, he was said to be "the best mouser in Britain" as fit his role.

He retired on 3 April 1987, and was succeeded by Humphrey who was born in 1988, the year Wilberforce died.

Wilberforce was just a kitten when he was adopted from a London branch of the RSPCA in 1973. This was while Edward Heath was Prime Minister. He was appointed the Office Manager's cat, with a living allowance for his care. The black-and-white cat turned out to be a terrific mouser. The policeman on security duty at the front door of Number 10 had to ring the bell for Wilberforce whenever he wanted to come in.

According to Bernard Ingham, the former press secretary to Margaret Thatcher, Wilberforce was a normal cat for whom Thatcher once bought "a tin of sardines in a Moscow supermarket". Ingham was allergic to cats and did his best to avoid Wilberforce. "Bloody Wilberforce used to sit under my desk and I would have a fit of sneezing. I hate cats", he said.

On the BBC coverage of the 1983 UK general election, presenter Esther Rantzen was allowed to hold Wilberforce and introduce him to viewers.

Wilberforce retired in 1986, after 13 years of loyal service. He went to live with a retired caretaker from No. 10 in the country. He died in his sleep on 19 May 1988.


Delegate

A delegate someone who is either chosen or elected to vote or act for others. In organizations like the United Nations, each country sends delegates to represent them.

Before a general election in the US, the process to select candidates begins with delegates. At the state level each of the major political parties selects delegates to attend a national convention. The two ways delegates are selected are the caucus and the Primary election. Each state may have different ways to select delegates as do political parties. The Republican Party lets each state decide how to select delegates. The Democratic Party uses a proportional method for awarding delegates. The percentage of delegates each candidate is awarded depends on the caucus or how many are elected for each candidate. Candidate "X" may have 40 percent, candidate "Y" may have 20 percent while candidate "Z" may have 50 percent. Any remaining percent may be undecided votes or for other candidates. 

A candidate becomes his or her party's presidential nominee after the delegates sent to the convention give that person a majority of the votes. Because there are often multiple rounds of votes taken to select a presidential candidate, delegates sometimes change their votes. But in recent elections that has become unnecessary. Since 1976, it was fairly clear who was the front-runner even before the first vote was taken.

Glenwood, Illinois

Glenwood is a village in northeastern Illinois, near Chicago. At the 2020 Census, about 8,662 people were living there.

Pareidolia

Pareidolia ) is a word from Ancient Greek to describe the phenomenon, that the human mind often perceives familiar patterns in a stimulus, even when they are not there. 

Common examples are perceived images of animals, faces, or objects in cloud formations, the "man in the moon", the "moon rabbit", and hidden messages within recorded music played in reverse or at higher- or lower-than-normal speeds.

Pareidolia is a special case of clustering illusion. 

Gillette, Wyoming

Gillette is a city in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is the county seat of Campbell County.

Charles Caldwell Ryrie

Charles Caldwell Ryrie (March 2, 1925 – February 16, 2016) was an American writer and Christian theologian. He served as professor of systematic theology and dean of doctoral studies at Dallas Theological Seminary. He also served as president and professor at what is now Cairn University. 

Ryrie was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He was raised in Alton, Illinois. Ryrie studied at Haverford College and at University of Edinburgh. 

He was the editor of "The Ryrie Study Bible" by Moody Publishers. It contains more than 10,000 of Ryrie's explanatory notes. First published in 1978, it has sold more than 2 million copies. He was a notable advocate of classic premillennial dispensationalism.

Ryrie died in Dallas, Texas on February 16, 2016 from pneumonia. He was aged 90.

Abdul Rashid Khan

Abdul Rashid Khan (19 August 1908 – 18 February 2016) was an Indian singer of Hindustani music. He performed khayal, dhrupad, dhamar and thumri.

Khan made several musical compositions. He was also a productive writer and poet. For his writing, he used the name Rasan Piya. He trained many students in his lifetime and became regarded as a "guru" at the ITC Sangeet Research Academy in Kolkata.

Khan died in 18 February 2016 from multiple organ failure. He was aged 107.

Alexander Gutman

Alexander Ilyich Gutman (; January 29, 1945 – February 17, 2016) was a Russian movie director of Jewish origin. His career began in 1986. Gutman made over 50 documentary movies, 13 of them as director. He won awards at several Russian and international movie festivals. His most famous movie is "Journey Back to Youth". 

Gutman was born in St. Petersburg. He graduated from the Leningrad Polytechnical Institute (now known as St. Petersburg State Polytechnic University) (1968) and VGIK (1978). Gutman died in Moscow on February 17, 2016 from heart failure. He was aged 71.

Axillary nerve

The axillary nerve is a nerve in the armpit. It comes from the brachial plexus. It has nerve fibers from the C5 and C6 nerve roots. The axillary nerve goes through the quadrangular space. It is sometimes called the circumflex nerve.

The axillary nerve sends and receives signals from three muscles in the arm: deltoid (a muscle of the shoulder), teres minor (one of the rotator cuff muscles) and the long head of the triceps brachii. 

The axillary nerve sends signals to two muscles in the forearm, and to muscles in the hand. The axillary nerve also sends signals to the brain from the shoulder joint, and from the skin.

The axillary nerve can get injured from shoulder dislocation, squashing the armpit using a crutch or a broken arm. Injury to the nerve results in:


Triceps brachii muscle

The triceps brachii muscle is a muscle on the back of the upper arm. There are three parts that each come from different places at the top of the arm and join together at the elbow. It straightens the arm. The name is Latin for "three-headed muscle in the arm".

The triceps brachii has three heads. They are: the long head, medial (inside) head, and the lateral (outside) head.The long head comes from the shoulderblade. It goes down the arm between teres minor muscle and teres major muscle.

The medial head and lateral heads comes from the humerus (upper arm bone).

The medial head is mostly made of small, slow muscle fibers and motor units. The lateral head is mostly made of large, fast fibers and motor units. The long head is made of a mixture of fiber types and motor units. Some scientists think that each of the three parts can be thought of as separate muscles.

The fibers join to a single tendon to attach to the ulna bone. Some research found that there might be more than one tendon. 

Scientists used to think that all three heads of the triceps brachii got nerve signals from the radial nerve. However, a study found that, in 20 cadaveric (dead) bodies and 15 live people, the long head actually got nerve signals from part of the axillary nerve in every case.

The triceps straightens the elbow pulls against the biceps and brachialis muscles. It can also hold the elbow in place when the forearm and hand are used for small movements, like writing.The long head might be used when the same force is needed for a long time, or to help control shoulder and elbow movement. The lateral head is used when a lot of force is needed at once, while the medial part is used for more careful movement.

The long head also moves shoulder joint, bringing the arm backwards or inwards.

The triceps can be trained by itself or together with other muscles by straightening the elbow or keeping it straight while holding something.

The name triceps brachii is Latin for three-headed. It is called this because there are three parts of the muscle. The triceps brachii is commonly just called the triceps.

The plural of "triceps" used to be "tricipites", but now people usually say "triceps" to mean both singular and plural.

In horses, the long head is about 84% of the weight of the triceps, the lateral head is about 15%, and the medial head is about 3%.

Many mammals, like dogs, cows, and pigs, have a fourth triceps head, called the accessory head. It is between the lateral and medial heads. 


A Touch of Class (band)

A Touch of Class (also known as ATC) was a pop group based in Germany. It had four members. They each came from different countries— Joseph "Joey" Murray from New Zealand, Livio Salvi from Italy, Sarah Egglestone from Australia and Tracey Packham from the United Kingdom. The group was active from 1998 to 2003.

They were most popular after the release of their first single, "Around The World (La La La La La)", in 2000. This song was an English version of the song "Pesenka" by Ruki Vverh! It was first released on 9 May 2000. It charted at #1 in Germany for six weeks. It was later a Top 40 hit in the United Kingdom and United States. The song was in a television commercial for General Electric in early 2002. Similar-sounding songs were successful in parts of Europe, but A Touch of Class are mainly remembered for this first hit.

Their first album was "Planet Pop". It was released on 6 February 2001 by Sony BMG Music Entertainment and Republic Records. Their second album was "Touch The Sky". It was not very successful. The group broke up in mid-2003.

List of castles and fortresses in Azerbaijan

This is a list of castles and fortresses in Azerbaijan.


Civil War Journal

Civil War Journal is an American television series on The History Channel. It was shown from 1993 to 1998. There was only one season.

Roaring Spring, Pennsylvania

Roaring Spring is a borough in Blair County, Pennsylvania, United States. It had 2,384 people living there at the 2020 census. It is part of the Altoona Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Roaring Spring, Kentucky

Roaring Spring is an unincorporated community in Trigg County, Kentucky, United States.

A post office called Roaring Spring was established in 1849, and operated until 1909. It is named after a nearby cave spring which produced a roar.

Roaring Spring

Roaring Spring may refer to:


Tensor

A tensor is a mathematical object. Tensors provide a mathematical framework for solving physics problems in areas such as elasticity, fluid mechanics and general relativity. The word "tensor" comes from the Latin word "tendere" meaning "to stretch".

A tensor of order zero (zeroth-order tensor) is a scalar (simple number). A tensor of order one (first-order tensor) is a linear map that maps every vector into a scalar. A vector is a tensor of order one. A tensor of order two (second-order tensor) is a linear map that maps every vector into a vector (e.g. a matrix).

In linear algebra, the tensor product of two vector spaces formula_1 and formula_2, formula_3, is itself a vector space. It is a way of creating a new vector space analogous of multiplication of integers.


La Paz, Honduras

La Paz () is the capital of the La Paz Department of Honduras. It has a population of 46,264 (2015 est.).

Kenton County, Kentucky

Kenton County is a county in Kentucky. Its county seats are Covington and Independence.

Kenton County is included in the Cincinnati-Middletown, OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.


Trigg County, Kentucky

Trigg County is a county in Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,061. Its county seat is Cadiz.

Harlan County, Kentucky

Harlan County is a county in Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 26,831. Its county seat is Harlan.


BBC Choice

BBC Choice was a television channel owned by the British Broadcasting Corporation. It launched on 23 September 1998 along with the launch of digital television in the UK, there was also a launch promo featuring actress Pauline Quirke. It was replaced on 8 February 2003 by BBC Three.

Kenton

Kenton may refer to:







System of Rice Intensification

The System of Rice Intensification (SRI) is a way to grow rice. This plan for farming may grow more rice in the same field. It uses less water, takes more work, and uses younger seedlings spaced apart. SRI calls for hand weeding with special tools. It was started in 1983 by the French Jesuit Father Henri de Laulanié in Madagascar. Full testing and spread of the system throughout the rice growing parts of the world did not happen until some years later with the help of schools like Cornell University.

Writing the plan now called SRI started in the 1960s when Fr. de Laulanie kept notes on growing rice. The SRI plan includes using less water and hand planting very young seedlings in a square. The SRI plan continues to change. Sometimes people try to use only rain for water, and sometimes people try to plant seeds instead of young plants. The main parts of SRI plan written by Cornell University, New York are:


Thanks to Norman Uphoff, the SRI plan has spread from Madagascar to many places around the world. Norman Uphoff was director of the Cornell International Institute for Food, Agriculture and Development at Cornell University, Ithaca, New York from 1990 to 2005. In 1993, Uphoff met officers from Association Tefy Saina, the non-governmental organisation set up in Madagascar in 1990 by de Laulanie to try SRI. After trying the SRI plan for three years, Malagasy farms that made about 2 tons/hectare improved to about 8 tons/hectare. Uphoff believed the SRI plan works, and in 1997 started to tell groups in Asia about SRI. Uphoff estimates that by 2013 the number of small farms using SRI had grown to between 4 and 5 million.

Believers and unbelievers of SRI talk about the SRI claims, and many questions about it remain unresolved. Wageningen University has also published an article discussing the problems of measuring SRI. This paper ended by saying: "Although the technical aspects of SRI have been contested, it clearly exists as a real social phenomenon".

The question now seems to be: is SRI better at making more rice and other benefits to rice farmers, such as healthier soils, when compared with older, trusted ways for growing rice?[source?]

Proponents and critics of SRI debate the claimed benefits and many questions about it remain unresolved. Wageningen University has also published an article discussing the challenges of evaluating SRI in which one concluding sentence read: "Although the technical aspects of SRI have been contested, it clearly exists as a real social phenomenon".

The question at hand seems to be: is SRI better at delivering increased yield and other benefits to rice farmers, such as healthier soils, when compared with established recommended best management practices for rice production?

Believers of SRI claim it grows more rice, saves water, reduces costs, and raises income and that benefits have been achieved in 40 countries. Uphoff published an article in the International Journal of Agricultural Sustainability that states that SRI "can raise irrigated rice yields to about double the present world average without relying on external inputs, also offering environmental and equity benefits".

A special issue on SRI in the trade journal Paddy and Water Environment (not related to schools) collected recent findings in support of SRI.

In 2011 Five farmers beat the old yield record, the best was a young farmer named Sumant Kumar setting a new world record in rice yield of 22.4 tons per hectare using SRI, beating the existing world record held by the Chinese scientist Yuan Longping by 3 tons. In 2014 S Sethumadhavan from Alanganallur, India grew a record yield of nearly 24 tons of paddy rice per hectare using SRI.

How well SRI works is still debated between believers and unbelievers of the plan. Critics of SRI say that claims of high yield in SRI are due to unscientific reporting. They object that there is a lack of details on the methodology used in trials and a lack of printed reports in the peer-reviewed literature (related to schools and universities). Some unbelievers have suggested that SRI success is unique to soil conditions in Madagascar. While unbelievers still claim this, there are over 700 articles and printed reports about SRI that are published in international scientific journals as of January 2016.

Below is a picture gallery of SRI farming in Chhattisgarh, India:



Toulouse School of Economics

Toulouse School of Economics (TSE) is a school for the study of economics. The school is in Toulouse, France. It is one of the most famous research and teaching centers of economics in the world. It was created in 2006.

TSE is specialist in the fields of economics. Its President is Jean Tirole, who won the Nobel Prize in Economics in 2014.



Jasmine Tookes

Jasmine Tookes (born February 1, 1991) is an American model.

Tookes was born and raised in Huntington Beach, California. She did gymnastics for ten years and was active in volleyball and softball before she became a model at about the age of 15. Her mother is a celebrity fashion stylist. Tookes wther's showroom appointments.
Tookes is of mixed ancestry. African, West Indian and her maternal grandmother is Caucasian.

Tookes' first commercial ad campaigns were in 2010 for ugg boots and Gap. Before breaking out on the international scene, she booked a Spring 2011 DKNY campaign and a layout in "Vogue Italia".

In 2015, she became a Victoria's Secret Angel.

In September 2020, Tookes announced her engagement to her boyfriend of four years Juan David Borrero, director of international markets of Snap Inc and son of doctor Alfredo Borrero Vega, Vice President-elect of Ecuador.

Paavo Nurmi

Paavo Johannes Nurmi (13 June 1897 – 2 October 1973) was a Finnish middle- and long-distance runner. He was born in Turku. Nurmi set 22 official world records at distances between 1500 metres and 20 kilometres. He participated in the Olympic Games twelve times where he won nine gold and three silver medals.

Belle (Disney)

Belle is a brown haired Disney princess. She is in the Disney movie, "Beauty and the Beast". She is a normal girl who loves to read and help her father. She hates the Beast till she finds out he is not a beast. He has a loving heart and was cursed by an old woman. Belle has brown eyes, brown hair, and a loving heart.

Co-dependency

Codependency is a psychological condition that makes the person put the needs of others before their own. It originated to describe people in a relationship where they become care-givers to someone who has a substance abuse problem (eg an alcoholic or drug addict).

In a codependent relationship, individuals put the other person’s needs before their own, often sacrificing their own integrity and sense of self in the process. Codependency can cause a person to have an overinflated belief that they alone are responsible for affecting the beliefs, thoughts, emotions, and behaviours of those around them.

So codependency is a word used to describe a person who is excessively focused on taking care of the needs of others. This behaviour leads to them having problems in their life because they never do anything for themselves, but they exist to serve their partner. They feel guilty or ashamed whenever they do something for themselves, so they neglect themselves.

Unfortunately this means that codependent people are easy targets for abusive people, especially those who have narcissistic personality disorder. They often end up in relationships with people who have NPD, because narcissists have an extreme need for admiration, which the codependent partner is very willing to provide.


While childhood abuse, traumatic experiences, and exposure to narcissistic behaviors of parents and/or partners seem to play a role, it is difficult to predict codependency on the basis of any of these factors alone.

There are two main forms of codependence: passive and active. Someone who is passively codependent is more likely to avoid conflict and confrontation, going to great lengths to keep things smooth and not rock the boat. Active codependency is often more manipulative, and an individual may try to push their partner into behaving a certain way in order to fill their own emotional needs. 

Both forms of codependence have many things in common, however. Some common signs of codependency include:


Hardin

Hardin may refer to:




Hardin, Ohio

Hardin is an unincorporated community in Shelby County, Ohio.

Hardin was platted in 1816. The community was named for John Hardin (1753–1792), a Continental Army officer in the American Revolutionary War. Hardin was the county seat from 1819 until 1820. A post office called Hardin was established in 1820, and discontinued in 1909.

Jeffersonville

Jeffersonville is the name of several places in the United States:


Jefferson County

Jefferson County is the name of 26 counties and one parish in the United States:


Ravensbrück concentration camp

Ravensbrück concentration camp (pronounced "RAW-vins-brook") was a concentration camp for women, run by Nazi Germany during World War II. It was in northern Germany, near the town of Ravensbrück.

The "Schutzstaffel" (SS), led by Heinrich Himmler, ran Ravensbrück concentration camp.

In November 1938, Himmler gave the order to start building the camp at Ravensbrück. By 1939, Ravensbrück was the biggest women's concentration camp in Nazi Germany.

Over time, the Nazis made Ravensbrück much bigger. By 1944, Ravensbrück had become a complex (a group of many concentration camps).

Between 1939 and 1945, about 153,000 people were prisoners at Ravensbrück.

After Heinrich Himmler decided that Ravensbrück should be built, the SS brought about 500 male prisoners from Sachsenhausen concentration camp to the area. The SS forced these prisoners to build Ravensbrück. SS records say that Ravensbruck was designed to hold 3,000 prisoners.

Ravensbrück opened in May 1939. The camp's first prisoners were a group of about 900 women sent from Lichtenburg concentration camp. Ravensbrück very quickly became full. From 1939 to 1945, the Nazis were constantly making the camp bigger to hold more and more prisoners.

After Nazi Germany invaded Poland in September 1939, the Nazis made Ravensbrück much larger. They expected to send many Polish people to concentration camps, and they wanted Ravensbrück to be able to fit more prisoners. However, by May 1940 (just eight months after World War II started), Ravensbrück was full of prisoners.

When Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union in summer 1941, there were about 5,000 prisoners at Ravensbrück. By the end of 1942, the camp held 10,000 prisoners (including many Soviet prisoners of war).

At its most crowded, the women's camp held 50,000 prisoners.

To make room for more and more prisoners, the Nazis added new camps to the original women's camp.

In April 1941, the Nazis added a concentration camp for men next to the women's camp. The SS forced the male prisoners to build the new camps in the Ravensbrück complex, and to work on making the women's camp bigger.

In June 1942, a "juvenile protective custody camp" called "Uckermark" was built next to the men's camp. This was a camp just for teenage girls and young women.

By 1944, the SS had forced prisoners to build over 40 smaller camps (called sub-camps). These sub-camps held over 70,000 prisoners, mostly women. The original Ravensbrück camp became the office for these sub-camps. However, women prisoners were still kept there, and male prisoners had to keep making the camp bigger to fit more prisoners.

Of the 153,000 people who were prisoners at Ravensbrück between 1939 and 1945:

People were sent to Ravensbrück for many different reasons. Prisoners at Ravensbrück included:

The Nazis sent people from over 30 countries to Ravensbrück. For example, historians estimate that:
Male SS members were in charge of Ravensbrück. However, the camp had over 150 female SS members who guarded the prisoners.

Ravensbrück was also a training camp for SS women. They learned how to be concentration camp guards at Ravensbrück. Then they would stay and work there, or go work at another camp. Over 4,000 SS women trained at Ravensbrück.

Many of the female SS guards at Ravensbrück, like Irma Grese, treated the prisoners very badly.

When prisoners first got to Ravensbrück, their hair was usually shaved off. The SS took away their personal things, including their clothes. Prisoners had to wear striped uniforms, which included a dress and a head scarf. Later on in the war, when there were not enough uniforms, women were sometimes allowed to wear their own clothes. However, they had to mark a big white "X" on the back of their clothes to show that they were prisoners.

Every prisoner was given a serial number. The SS never called them by their names - only by their numbers.

Prisoners had to sew their serial numbers onto their clothes. They also had to wear colored triangles which showed why they were sent to Ravensbrück. In the middle of the triangle, they had to sew a letter saying what country they were from. For example, Polish prisoners had to sew a red triangle with the letter "P" (for Poland) onto their clothes. (A red triangle showed that a person was a political enemy of Nazi Germany.)

When Ravensbrück first opened, and the camp was not too crowded, living conditions were not too bad. However, during the winter of 1939 to 1940, the camp got more crowded, and the SS reacted by giving the prisoners less food. After 1941, the food got much worse, and prisoners got much less of it.

The women's camp at Ravensbrück had twelve barracks where the prisoners lived. They slept on wooden bunks which had three rows, one on top of the other. Each barrack had a washroom and three toilets with no doors. There was very little sanitation. After 1943, sanitation in the barracks got much worse. This made it easier for diseases to spread.

Towards the end of World War II, the camp was so crowded that 1,500 to 2,000 women were packed into barracks meant to hold only 250 people. Many women had to sleep on the floor, without even a blanket. In 1945, the barracks were so crowded and sanitation was so bad that an epidemic of typhus spread through the camp. The disease killed many prisoners.

Every morning, the prisoners had to get up at 4:00 in the morning for roll call. This meant they had to stand in line while the SS counted them.

After roll call, prisoners went to work. Every prisoner at Ravensbrück was forced to work. If a person could not work, they would be killed.

Many prisoners worked at a Siemens Electric Company factory next to the women's camp. The prisoners worked as slaves, making parts for Nazi V-1 and V-2 rockets (flying bombs). Other prisoners worked at important German companies like Daimler-Benz (now Mercedes-Benz) and AEG (a German electrical company).

Some prisoners in the women's camp did other jobs, like:

Some women had to work outside. They built roads and buildings. Sometimes these women were used like animals. For example, sometimes twelve to fourteen women would have to pull a huge roller to pave the streets.

Women who were too sick or injured to do other jobs - usually because of medical experiments - knitted things like socks for the German Army, or cleaned the barracks and latrines.

Prisoners usually worked for twelve hours a day. Some worked from 7:00 in the morning to 7:00 at night. Others worked from 7:00 at night to 7:00 in the morning.

Prisoners did not have to work on Sundays.

Starting in 1942, Nazi doctors did medical experiments on 86 women prisoners. The doctors did two types of experiments.

In the first type, the doctors cut the women's legs, muscles, and nerves, or broke their leg bones. Then they infected these wounds with bacteria. Sometimes they rubbed wood or glass into the wounds. Then they gave the women sulfanilamide antibiotics to see if they would work.

In the second type of experiment, the doctors studied whether bones could be taken from one person and put into another person. They amputated some women's arms or legs to do these experiments.

In January 1945, Nazi doctors sterilized about 120 to 140 Roma women and children. The doctors were trying to find a quick, easy way to sterilize people.

Some women died from these experiments. The SS killed some other women who had wounds that did not heal.

Some of the women and young children at Ravensbrück were raped or sexually abused.

Starting in 1942, the SS created brothels in eight other concentration camps, like Buchenwald and Dachau. Women from Ravensbrück were forced to work as prostitutes in these brothels.

Nobody agrees on how many people died or were murdered at Ravensbrück. Estimates range from 52,200, to 90,000, to 117,000.

Prisoners at Ravensbrück died for many reasons. These included:

Many prisoners were also murdered by the SS.

Unlike many other concentration camps, Ravensbrück did not have its own gas chamber until early 1945. The SS used other ways of killing prisoners.

Regularly, the SS would perform "selections." They would pick out prisoners who looked too sick or weak to work. Then they would kill these prisoners.

At first, the SS killed prisoners by shooting them or giving them lethal injections in the camp's "hospital." Then, starting in 1942, they began sending prisoners to other places that did have gas chambers, like Hartheim Euthanasia Centre, so they could be killed there. Between 1942 and 1944, the SS sent about 60 groups of prisoners to Hartheim to be gassed to death. Each group had 60 to 1,000 prisoners in it.

The SS also sent prisoners to Auschwitz concentration camp to be killed in its gas chambers.

In early 1945, the SS made prisoners build a gas chamber at Ravensbrück. By this time, the Nazis knew that the Soviet Red Army was getting close. They wanted to kill as many prisoners as possible before the Red Army arrived. In its last few months, Ravensbrück became an extermination camp (a death camp). The SS started sending children and prisoners from Ravensbrück's sub-camps to the main camp, so they could be gassed to death. In just a few months, the SS killed 5,000 to 6,000 prisoners in the gas chamber.

In March 1945, the Red Army was very close to Ravensbrück. The SS did not want to leave any witnesses to tell the Soviets what had happened at Ravensbrück. In March, they sent about 8,000 prisoners to other concentration camps.

On April 27, the SS forced about 20,000 female prisoners and about 3,000 male prisoners to march towards the middle of Germany. This was a death march. The SS guards had been ordered to kill anyone who could not keep up. However, Soviet soldiers found the route of the march and freed the prisoners who had survived the death march.

On April 29, the SS guards that were still at Ravensbrück ran away from the camp. The next day, the Red Army arrived at Ravensbrück and freed the camp. They found only about 3,000 very sick prisoners. These were the prisoners that the SS had left behind because they were too sick to march.


Pantelis Pantelidis

Pantelis Pantelidis (23 November 1983 – 18 February 2016) was a Greek singer and songwriter. He was born in Athens and grew up in Nea Ionia. He worked in the Greek Navy, but left this job for a musical career. He learned music by himself. He became known from some YouTube videos. He worked with Greek musicians such as Vasilis Karras, Despina Vandi and others. He twice won awards at the MAD Video Music Awards, first in 2013 as the best new artist and secondly in 2015 as the best Greek male singer.

Pantelidis was killed on February 18, 2016, in a car crash in Athens. He was aged 32.

Belinda Nash

Belinda Nash (October 27, 1946 – February 16, 2016) was an American historian, author and activist. She wrote a biography of Grace Sherwood, the last person to be "convicted" by ordeal of being a witch in Virginia. As a result of Nash's work, Sherwood was given a pardon, 300 years after her trial by ordeal.

Nash died in Virginia Beach, Virginia on February 16, 2016 from cancer. She was aged 69.

Claude Jeancolas

Claude Jeancolas (1949 – 17 February 2016) was a French writer, art historian and journalist. He was best known for his expertise on Arthur Rimbaud. He was born in Nancy, France. 

Jeancolas died in Paris, France from cancer on 17 February 2016. He was aged 66.

Displacement (ship)

Displacement or displacement tonnage is the weight of water that a ship pushes aside when it is floating, which in turn is the weight of a ship (and its contents). It is usually applied to naval vessels rather than commercial ones, and is measured when the ship's fuel tanks are full and all stores are aboard. Merchant vessels use other measures such as net tonnage, gross tonnage, or deadweight tonnage.

Tamerlan Aguzarov

Tamerlan Kimovich Aguzarov (; 14 June 1963 – 19 February 2016) was a Russian politician. He was the head of North Ossetia-Alania from June 5, 2015 until his death in February 19, 2016.

Aguzarov died on 19 February 2016 in Moscow from complications of pneumonia. He was aged 52.


Bill Daily

Bill Daily (August 30, 1927 – September 4, 2018) was an American comedian and dramatic actor. He acted in many television sitcoms. He was best known for playing astronaut Roger Healey on "I Dream of Jeannie" and commercial airline navigator Howard Borden on "The Bob Newhart Show".

Daily was born in Des Moines, Iowa. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Daily died on September 4, 2018 at the age of 91 in his home in Santa Fe, New Mexico.

Aleksey Batalov

Aleksey Vladimirovich Batalov () was a Soviet and Russian actor. He has been known for his portrayal of noble and positive characters. He was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1976 and a Hero of Socialist Labour in 1989. He also starred in Mikhail Romm's "Nine Days of One Year" (1962). In 1967 he was a member of the jury of the 5th Moscow International Film Festival. In 1973 he was a member of the jury at the 8th Moscow International Film Festival.

Batalov died on 14 June 2017 in Moscow from complications of a fall at the age of 88.

The Dream Makers II

The Dream Makers II (, also The Dream Makers 2 or ZZSF2) is a Singaporean drama television series. It is produced and shown on Mediacorp Channel 8. It is a sequel to the 2013 series "The Dream Makers". It began its run from 4 December 2015. There are 32 episodes. It stars Zoe Tay, Li Nanxing, Huang Biren, Jeanette Aw, Rui En, Qi Yuwu, Romeo Tan, Julie Tan, Zhang Zhenhuan, Ian Fang, Chen Meifeng and Damian Lau as the main characters. The show is Channel 8's end-year blockbuster for 2015.




Comberton

Comberton is a village and civil parish in South Cambridgeshire, England. It is about 10 km (6 miles) south-west of the city of Cambridge.

Comberton has a population of about 2,400. It has two churches: an Anglican church dating from the 13th century, and a Baptist church dating from 1861.

Its neighbouring village is Barton.



Gamemaster

A gamemaster is a person who plans, referees, solves arguments in and otherwise runs a role-playing game with more than one player. They are almost always seen in games where all the players are on the same side, and less often seen in games where the players are against each other. Acting as a gamemaster is sometimes called "Gamemastering" or "GMing" for short.

A gamemaster's job in a traditional role-playing game (where all the players are together in person) is to bring the other players' characters' stories together, control the other characters and monsters, put together places and scenes for the player characters to act in, and solve arguments between players. This basic rule is the same in almost all role-playing games, but some rule sets may need the gamemaster to do other jobs unique to that system.

The role of a gamemaster in an online game is to make sure everyone follows the game's rules and give general customer service. Gamemasters for online games may be players who choose the role like in traditional role-playing games, or they might be workers paid by the company that makes the game.

The term "gamemaster" and the job itself it could be found in the postal gaming hobby.
In the sense of a role-playing game, it was first used by "Chivalry & Sorcery", and in wargaming it has been used in Guidon Games' 1973 ruleset, "Ironclad". In most play-by-mail games, players control armies or countries and mail the actions they want to do to the GM. The GM then regularly mails the newest game state to all players.

Each gaming system has its own name for the gamemaster, such as "judge", "narrator", "referee", "director", or "storyteller", and these names not only describe the role of the gamemaster in general but also help explain how the game is meant to be run. For example, the Storyteller System used in White Wolf Game Studio's storytelling games calls its gamemaster the "storyteller", while the rules- and setting-focused "Marvel Super Heroes" role-playing game calls its gamemaster the "judge". The cartoon-based role-playing game "Toon" calls its gamemaster the "animator". A few games use system- or setting-specific flavourful (closely related to the game's setting or "flavour") names for the gamemaster, such as the Hollyhock God in "Nobilis", where the hollyhock means vanity, or the most well known of such names, "Dungeon Master" (or "DM") in "Dungeons & Dragons".

The gamemaster prepares the game session for the players and the characters they play (known as player characters or PCs), describes the events taking place and decides on the results of players' actions. The gamemaster also keeps track of non-player characters (NPCs) and random encounters, as well as of the general state of the game world. The game session (or "adventure") could be described as a play, in which the players are the lead actors, and the GM brings the stage, the scenery, the basic plot on which the improvisational (unplanned) script is built, as well as all the bit parts and supporting characters. Gamemasters can also be in charge of RPG board games, making the events and setting up challenges.

A gamemaster can be said to wear four "hats" in their role, meaning the four main jobs they do as part of the overall job of GMing.

In early virtual worlds gamemasters worked as a moderator or administrator; in MUD gamemasters were called "wizards". Gamemastering in the form found in traditional role-playing games has also been used in virtual worlds that mostly run by themselves. However, human moderation was sometimes thought of as unfair or wrong in a world that is otherwise run by computer programs.
As online games got bigger and more popular, gamemasters' jobs grew to include giving customer service for an online community. A gamemaster in such a game is either a volunteer player that has been there a long time, or someone who works for the game's publisher. They make everyone follow the game's rules by getting rid of spammers, player killers, cheaters, and hackers and by solving players' problems by giving general customer service. For their jobs they use special tools and characters that allow them to do things like teleport to players, make items, and look at logs that record players' actions. Often, players who aren't happy with the game will blame the GMs for any problems. However, this blame is not fair as most GMs are not developers and cannot fix those types of problems.

America Online Online Gaming Forum (which is no longer in use) used to use volunteers chosen from applications from its users. These people were called OGFs by other members, and their screennames showed their role (i.e., OGF Moose, etc.). While users only needed to be members of AOL to use the Online Gaming Forum, OGFs were given powers like AOL "Guides" and could use them at will when they thought it was right.

"World of Warcraft" has employees of Blizzard Entertainment that serve as gamemasters to help users with many problems in gameplay, chat, and other things like account and payment issues. A gamemaster in this game can talk to players through chat with blue text, and they will also have a special "GM" tag and Blizzard logo in front of their name.

"RuneScape" has more than 500 moderators working for Jagex Games Studio to help players and do administrative work in-game and on the site forums. These "Jagex Moderators", as they are called, usually have the word "Mod" and a gold crown preceding their account names which normal players are not allowed to use. The game also has "Player Moderators" and "Forum Moderators" who are player volunteers helping with moderation, having the power to mute (block from chatting) other players who break rules.

Note that a few games, such as "Neverwinter Nights" and "", are video game adaptations of tabletop role-playing games that are played online with one player acting as a gamemaster in the same way as they would in real life.

Gamemastering, sometimes called Orchestration is used in pervasive games to guide players along a path that the game's writer wants.

Good gamemastering in this type of game sometimes needs special user interfaces that are unique to a certain game.

Sometimes, tabletop GMs can not find players that want to play in either the same setting, product line, or play style in their local area. The networked personal computer gave an answer with online chat programs. Gamemasters with the right equipment can find players online and a group can meet using chat rooms, forums, or other electronic means.

Compared to standard tabletop games (and to games "meant" to be played online), this online chat format changes the balance of duties for a gamemaster quite a lot. Descriptions require more preparation, even when using cut-and-paste; acting and voice skills can not be used to get the personality of NPCs and monsters across, making background music as a playing aid more useful. The GM is likely to need copies of player-character records, not being able to look at the originals as in a normal face-to-face game. The format also forces the issue (particularly when players do not all know each other) of whether to leave all rolling of dice to the GM, or to trust all players to honestly give the results of their rolls (the honor system may be strained when rolling well is a very good thing).

However, over time there have been answers to these problems. The use of Wiki software helps GMs and players keep track of game data, sometimes turning into a home-made gaming aid. Scripting software allows difficult parts of gameplay (e.g. a complicated formula or lots of die-rolling) to be done at the push of a button. Teleconferencing lets groups use voice, video, and a shared whiteboard to interact. The use of technology to allow online play is growing, as seen in products like the D&D Insider.


Thomas Bailey Aldrich

Thomas Bailey Aldrich (; November 11, 1836 – March 19, 1907) was an American literary figure. He was the editor of "The Atlantic" for a long time, when he published works by Charles Chesnutt. He wrote poetry, such as "The Unguarded Gates."

Thomas Bailey Aldrich was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire on November 11, 1836. When Aldrich was a child, his father moved to New Orleans. After 10 years, Aldrich was sent back to Portsmouth to get ready for college. This time in his life is talked about in his semi-autobiographical story "The Story of a Bad Boy" (1870). This means that it is based partially on his life and partially on a fictional character. In this book, "Tom Bailey" is the young hero.

