Aldrich gave up on going to college after his father's death in 1849. At age 16, he joined his uncle's business office in New York in 1852 and started working on the newspapers and magazines. Aldrich made friends with other young poets, artists and wits of New York's "bohemia" of the early 1860s, including Edmund Clarence Stedman, Richard Henry Stoddard, Fitz Hugh Ludlow, Bayard Taylor and Walt Whitman. From 1856 to 1859, Aldrich worked for the "Home Journal", which was edited by Nathaniel Parker Willis at that time. During the Civil War, he was the editor of the "New York Illustrated News".

In 1865 Aldrich went back to New England, where he was editor in Boston for ten years for a publishing company called Ticknor and Fields — at the time they were very well thought of — of the eclectic weekly "Every Saturday". It stopped being made in 1875. From 1881 to 1890, Aldrich was editor of the important "Atlantic Monthly". As editor, he made tension with his publisher Henry Houghton by not agreeing to publish commissioned articles (ones that had been paid for) by his friends, including Woodrow Wilson and Marion Crawford. When Houghton argued with Aldrich for refusing articles from his friend Daniel Coit Gilman, Aldrich threatened to quit his job and finally did so in June 1890.

Meanwhile Aldrich carried on with his private writing, both in prose (the sort of writing found in most books) and verse (poetry, songs, etc). He had many skills. He was well known for his form in poetry. His many books of verse, mainly "The Ballad of Babie Bell" (1856), "Pampinea, and Other Poems" (1861), "Cloth of Gold" (1874), "Flower and Thorn" (1876), "Friar Jerome's Beautiful Book" (1881), "Mercedes and Later Lyrics" (1883), "Wyndham Towers" (1889), and the collected editions of 1865, 1882, 1897 and 1900, showed him to be a poet of lyrical skill and light touch. Critics said that his work was like Robert Herrick's.

Aldrich's longer narrative or dramatic poems did not do as well. His important works include "Hesperides," "When the Sultan Goes to Ispahan," "Before the Rain," "Nameless Pain," "The Tragedy," "Seadrift," "Tiger Lilies," "The One White Rose," "Palabras Cariñosas," "Destiny," or the eight-line poem "Identity."
Beginning with the collection of stories called "Marjorie Daw and Other People" (1873), Aldrich wrote works of realism and quiet humour. His books "Prudence Palfrey" (1874), "The Queen of Sheba" (1877), and "The Stillwater Tragedy" (1880) had more dramatic action. The first showed Portsmouth with the loving touch shown in the shorter funny tale, "A Rivermouth Romance" (1877). In "An Old Town by the Sea" (1893), Aldrich wrote about his place of birth again. Travel and description are the theme of "From Ponkapog to Pesth" (1883).

Aldrich married and had two sons. Mark Twain is said to hated Aldrich's wife Lilian. He wrote in 1893: "Lord, I loathe that woman so! She is an idiot—an absolute idiot—and does not know it ... and her husband, the sincerest man that walks ... tied for life to this vacant hellion, this clothes-rack, this twaddling, blethering, driveling blatherskite!"

The Aldrich family were close friends of Henry L. Pierce, a man who had made a lot of money from working with chocolate. Pierce had also been known for being Mayor of Boston. When Pierce died in 1896, he said in his will that the Aldriches could own his home in Canton, Massachusetts.

In 1901, Aldrich's son Charles, who had gotten married the year before, was found to have a disease called tuberculosis. Aldrich built two houses, one for his son and one for him and his family, in Saranac Lake, New York, which was the leading treatment centre for the disease at the time. On March 6, 1904, Charles Aldrich died of tuberculosis, at the age of thirty-four. The family left Saranac Lake and never went back.

Aldrich died in Boston on March 19, 1907. The last thing he was known to have said was, "In spite of it all, I am going to sleep; put out the lights." His "Life" was written by Ferris Greenslet (1908).


Eric Brown (pilot)

Captain Eric Melrose "Winkle" Brown, CBE, DSC, AFC, Hon FRAeS, RN (21 January 1919 – 21 February 2016) was a Scottish Royal Navy officer and test pilot. He flew 487 different types of aircraft, more than anyone else in history. 

He also held the world record for most aircraft carrier landings performed (2,407) and was the Fleet Air Arm's most decorated living pilot. He achieved several "firsts" in naval aviation, including the first landings on an aircraft carrier of a twin-engined aircraft, an aircraft with a tricycle undercarriage and a jet-propelled aircraft.

Bruno Zuppiger

Bruno Zuppiger (24 February 1952 – 19 February 2016) was a Swiss management consultant and politician. He was a member of the conservative Swiss People's Party. He served on the Swiss National Council representing the Canton of Zürich. In 1999, he was elected to the National Council. He was chairman of the National Council's Finance Committee and also served on the Security Policy Committee.

Zuppiger was born in St. Gallen, Switzerland. He graduated from the University of St. Gallen and the Zürich Teachers' Seminary in 1976. Zuppiger died in Hinwil on 19 February 2016 of sudden heart failure. He was aged 63.

Samuel Willenberg

Samuel Willenberg (February 16, 1923 – February 19, 2016) was a Polish-born Israeli prisoner in the Treblinka extermination camp. He was part of its prisoner revolt, and a participant of the Warsaw Uprising. In the uprising, he used the name Igo.

Willenberg was born in Częstochowa, Poland.

After the war he lived in Israel. He received the highest of Poland's orders including Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit. It was awarded by President Lech Kaczyński.

His memoir, titled "Revolt in Treblinka", was published in Hebrew, Polish and English between 1986 and 1991. He was a sculptor and painter.

Willenberg died on February 19, 2016 from complications of a stroke in Udim, Israel. He was aged 93. Before his death, he was the last living survivor of Treblinka.


Fernando Cardenal

Fernando Cardenal Martínez (26 January 1934 – 20 February 2016) was a Nicaraguan Jesuit and liberation theologian. He served as Minister of Education from 1984 to 1990, during the Sandinista era. His brother, poet Ernesto Cardenal, also a Catholic priest, served as Minister of Culture from 1979 to 1987. He was born in Granada, Nicaragua.

Cardenal died in Managua from heart failure on 20 February 2016. He was aged 82. 


Ove Verner Hansen

Ove Verner Hansen (20 July 1932 – 20 February 2016) was a Danish opera singer and actor. He played the character "Bøffen" (or "Biffen" in Norwegian, literally meaning "the steak" in both languages) in several of the Olsen Gang (Olsenbanden) movies. He played a tall large slow-moving henchman, often seen lifting Egon Olsen up over his head, carrying him under one arm, and trying to kill him.

Hansen died in Gentofte, Denmark from a heart attack on 20 February 2016. He was aged 83.


Vi Subversa

Frances Sokolov (20 June 1935 – 19 February 2016), better known by her stage name Vi Subversa, was a British singer and guitarist. She was a member of the anarcho-punk band Poison Girls. She was born in London, England.

Subversa died of cancer at her home in London on 19 February 2016. She was aged 80.

Log Cabin Republicans

Log Cabin Republicans (LCR) is an organization in the United States. They do work within the Republican Party. They work for equal rights for LGBT people in the United States.

On February 15, 2013, the National Board of Directors made Gregory T. Angelo the director.

Log Cabin Republicans began in 1977 in California as a cause for Republicans who were against the Briggs Initiative. The Briggs Initiative would have banned homosexuals from teaching in public schools. It called for the firing of openly gay or lesbian teachers.

Ronald Reagan, who was running for president, was against the Briggs Initiative.

LCR was against the re-election of George W. Bush in 2004 because of his support of the Federal Marriage Amendment.

LCR acts differently from socially conservative Republicans' views or is neutral. They work for same-sex marriage, domestic partner benefits and permanent removal of the estate tax.

The LCR has no official position on abortion.

Briggs Initiative

California Proposition 6, also known as Briggs Initiative, was an initiative on the California state ballot on November 7, 1978. It did not pass. It was sponsored by John Briggs, a conservative state legislator from Orange County. The initiative would have banned homosexuals from working in California public schools.

The San Francisco politician Harvey Milk fought the measure. California Governor Ronald Reagan and President Jimmy Carter were against it. Polls had originally showed support for the initiative leading by a large margin. It was defeated by the LGBT community, conservatives and liberals alike.

Hans Posthumus

Hans Posthumus (10 March 1947 – 15 February 2016) was a Dutch professional footballer. He played as a striker.

Posthumus was born in Harderwijk, Netherlands. He played for VVOG, Wageningen, Feyenoord, Mechelen, Lierse and NEC. While with Lierse he was the top-scorer in the Belgian Pro League during the 1975–76 season. He retired from professional football in October 1978, at the age of 31, due to back pain.

Posthumus died of a stroke at a hospital in Rotterdam on 15 February 2016. He was aged 67.

Nando Yosu

Fernando Trío Zabala (8 July 1939 – 20 February 2016), known as Nando Yosu, was a Spanish football midfielder and manager. His long career, as both a player and coach, was mainly associated with Racing de Santander. He played with Racing Santander from 1958 to 1962 and again from 1963 to 1964. He managed Racing Santander from 1977 to 1979, in 1996, 1998 to 1999, in 2005 and in 2006. 

Yosu was born in Mungia, Spain. He retired in 2006 because he had Alzheimer's disease. Yosu died from the disease on 20 February 2016 in Santander, Spain. He was aged 76.

CAGE questionnaire

The CAGE questionnaire is a set of four questions about a person's drinking habits. It is commonly used to test adults for alcoholism.

Because it is so short, doctors often start by using the CAGE questionnaire when they suspect that a patient may be an alcoholic. People can also do the CAGE questionnaire on their own.

"CAGE" is an acronym for the four questions in the test.

The four questions in the CAGE questionnaire are:

If a person answers "yes" to a question, they score one point for that question. If they answer "no" to a question, they score a 0.

If a person scores 2 or more - meaning they answered "yes" to at least two of the four questions - they are likely to have a problem with alcohol.

Scoring 2 or more on the CAGE does not automatically mean that a person is an alcoholic. However, it does mean that they need more testing to see if they are an alcoholic.

The most important question is the last one. If a person needs a drink in the morning to feel better, it means they are having alcohol withdrawal symptoms. This means the person's body is dependent on alcohol. (The person's body is so used to having alcohol that when it does not have alcohol, even overnight, the person gets sick.) This is one of the main signs of alcoholism.

Many studies have shown that the CAGE questionnaire is a good test for alcoholism. For example, one study showed that:


Badajoz

Badajoz () is the capital of the Badajoz Province in the autonomous community of Extremadura, Spain. The population in 2011 was 151,565.

A major Napoleonic siege was fought here between Britain and France

Essaouira

Essaouira (), formerly known as Mogador, is a city in western Morocco on the Atlantic Ocean.

Alcohol tolerance

Alcohol tolerance is a special case of drug tolerance: with certain substances, such as alcohol, the body gets used to them. People consume substances such as alcohol, because these substances have certain effects. As the body gets used to the substance, the quantity needed to get the desired effect wil increase.

With certain drugs, the same is true for stopping: directly stopping the drug is dangerous, because of withdrawal symptoms. So the amount of the drug taken has to be reduced in steps, before stopping altogether. There are drugs that can make stopping easier, because they reduce the severity of the withdrawal symptoms.

Sonny James

James Hugh Loden (May 1, 1929February 22, 2016), known professionally as Sonny James, was an American country music singer and songwriter. He was best known for his 1957 hit, "Young Love". 

James had 72 country and pop charted releases from 1953 to 1983, including an unprecedented five-year streak of 16 straight Billboard #1 singles among his 26 #1 hits. Twenty-one of his albums reached the country top ten from 1964 to 1976. In May 2007 Sonny, accompanied by his Southern Gentlemen, walked the red carpet and were inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame.

James died on February 22, 2016 in Nashville, Tennessee at the age of 86.

Cyclone Winston

Severe Tropical Cyclone Winston was a tropical cyclone in February 2016. It was the first recorded Category 5 storm to hit Fiji. It was also one of the strongest tropical cyclones in the Southern Hemisphere. Before the storm got to Fiji, many shelters were opened. A curfew was called across the country on 20 February.

The cyclone struck Fiji as a Category 5 tropical cyclone. Winston caused a lot of damage in the islands. It killed twenty-eight people.

In advance of the storm's arrival in Fiji, numerous shelters were opened, and a nationwide curfew was instituted during the evening of 20 February. Striking Fiji at Category 5 intensity on 20 February, Winston inflicted extensive damage on many islands and killed 44 people. Communications were temporarily lost with at least six islands, with some remaining isolated more than two days after the storm's passage. A total of 40,000 homes were damaged or destroyed and approximately 350,000 people—roughly 40 percent of Fiji's population—were significantly impacted by the storm. Total damage from Winston amounted to FJ$2.98 billion (US$1.4 billion). The nation's government declared a state of emergency on 20 February, which remained in place for 60 days. Immediately following the cyclone, the governments of Australia and New Zealand provided logistical support and relief packages. In the following weeks, a coalition of international support, including intergovernmental agencies, brought tens of millions of dollars in aid and hundreds of tons of supplies to residents in Fiji.

María Luisa Alcalá

María Luisa Alcalá (March 26, 1943 – February 21, 2016), also known as Ma. Luisa Alcalá, was a Mexican actress. She was known for her roles as Socorrito in "Esmeralda", Filomena in "La usurpadora" and Malicha in "El Chavo del Ocho". Alcalá was born in Mexico City.

Alcalá died in her sleep at her home in Mexico City from a heart attack on February 21, 2016. She was aged 72.

Hans Reffert

Hans Reffert (19 July 1946 – 21 February 2016) was a German musician and composer. He was best known for his work with Guru Guru, Reffert was involved with a number of ensembles, including Flute & Voice, Zauberfinger, Sanfte Liebe and Schrammel & Slide. 

Reffert studied guitar with Sigi Schwab and flute and composition in Mannheim. He also created commissioned works for the National Theatre Mannheim and other theaters, as well as for cinema and television productions.

Reffert died in Mannheim on 21 February 2016. He was aged 69.

Yochanan Sofer

Yochanan Sofer (1923 – February 22, 2016) was a Hungarian-born Israeli religious official and activist. He was the Rebbe of the Erlau dynasty. He was born in Eger, Hungary. After surviving the Holocaust, he continued their legacy by founding a yeshiva and a movement in their name, first in Hungary and then a few years later in Jerusalem.

Sofer died in Jerusalem on February 22, 2016 from pneumonia. He was aged 93.

Gil Hill

Gilbert R. "Gil" Hill (November 5, 1931 – February 29, 2016) was an American civil servant and movie actor. He was the President of the Detroit City Council. He was also a corrupt police officer in Detroit and part-time actor. He acted in the "Beverly Hills Cop" movies.

Hill died on February 29, 2016 at DMC Sinai-Grace Hospital in Detroit of pneumonia. He was 84 years old.


Cara McCollum

Cara McCollum (February 6, 1992 – February 22, 2016) was an American journalist. She was a news presenter for "SNJ Today", which she joined in July 2015. She was Miss New Jersey 2013 and competed for the Miss America 2014 title in September 2013. She was born in Forrest City, Arkansas.

McCollum died at the age of 24 on February 22, 2016, in Camden, New Jersey. She died because of injuries she got a week earlier from a car accident.

Toyota Avalon

The Toyota Avalon is a car made by Toyota. It is a full-size car with four doors. The car was first introduced as a 1995 model. It has sold over 1 million copies since it was introduced.As of 2013, the Toyota Avalon is available in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, Russia, South Korea, and the Middle East. The car is named after Avalon, a legendary island from Celtic legends.

In 2022, the car stopped being sold in the United States.

Asha Patil

Asha Patil (1936 – 18 January 2016) was an Indian actress of Marathi movies, television and theatre. She was regarded as being one of the best stage and movie actresses of her time. Asha Patil was mostly known for portraying character roles of the Marathi Mother.



All Night Long (1981 movie)

All Night Long is a 1981 comedy movie starring Barbra Streisand, Gene Hackman, Diane Ladd, Dennis Quaid, Kevin Dobson, and William Daniels. It was written by W. D. Richter and directed by Jean-Claude Tramont.

The movie was generally a failure. It had an opening weekend of about $1.4 million and grossed around $10 million worldwide. This is a little over $26 million in 2016 dollars. It was nominated for Worst Actress at the Golden Raspberry Awards in 1982.

No Fixed Address

No Fixed Address is an Australian Aboriginal reggae rock band. It formed in 1979 in North Adelaide. The band members came from an Aboriginal mission in Ceduna. Bart Willoughby is the lead singer and played drums. Ricky Harrison plays rhythm guitar and was the band's main songwriter. Leslie Lovegrove Freeman is the lead guitarist. John Miller plays bass guitar. All the original members were related through family ties.

No Fixed Address began as a pub rock group in South Australia. It played its first concert on National Aboriginal Day held at Taperoo in 1979. In 1980, the band made a movie called "Wrong Side of the Road" with another band, Us Mob. The movie was about the different receptions they received in Indigenous and non-Indigenous communities. With the recording of the movie's soundtrack, No Fixed Address and Us Mob became some of the first Aboriginal rock bands to be recorded.

In 1982, the band released its first album, "From My Eyes". The album was launched at the Hilton Hotel by Prime Minister Bob Hawke. The band toured Australia in 1982, in support of Peter Tosh. After this, the band became the first Aboriginal band to travel overseas. They played at nine cities in Great Britain.

The band's didgeridoo player, Billy Inda, played the didgeridoo on a song from Goanna's album, "Spirit of Place", in 1982. The song, "Solid Rock", peaked at No. 3 in October on the Kent Music Report Singles Chart. It is the first charting rock song to feature the didgeridoo.

The band released "We Have Survived" in 1984. The song has become an unofficial anthem for many of Australia's indigenous peoples. It was added to the National Film and Sound Archive's Sounds of Australia registry in 2008.

No Fixed Address has broken up several times. The first time was in 1984, when Willoughby joined his cousin Bunna Lawrie's band, Coloured Stone. They reformed in 1987 to tour through Europe. They played at the East Berlin Festival in the same year. In late 1988, Willoughby joined Yothu Yindi and as result the group broke up again. The band reformed again in 2008.

In August 2011, No Fixed Address and Coloured Stone were both listed in the Hall of Fame at the first National Indigenous Music Awards.





CRAFFT Screening Test

The CRAFFT Screening Test is a short test for alcohol and drug problems in teenagers. This test has two parts. "CRAFFT" is an acronym for the six questions in the second part of the test.

A doctor or counselor can give the CRAFFT Screening Test to see if a teenager might have an alcohol or drug problem. Teenagers can also take the test themselves.

Doctors at Boston Children's Hospital's Center for Adolescent Substance Abuse Research developed the CRAFFT Screening Test in 1999. At the time, there were no tests for alcohol and drug abuse designed specifically for teenagers. The Children's Hospital team's goal was to develop a test for teenagers that was quick, easy to give, easy to score.

At the time, one of the most common tools used to test for alcohol problems was the CAGE questionnaire. However, the CAGE does not work well for teenagers. Also, the CAGE only tests for alcohol problems. 

The CRAFFT tests for both alcohol and drug problems. Because drug- and alcohol-related motor-vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death among teenagers, the CRAFFT includes a question about this. 
Originally, the CRAFFT was designed for primary care doctors to use, to test teenagers they thought were likely to have substance abuse problems. Then, around 1999, researchers found that teenage alcohol and drug use was much more common than they thought. They found that:

This made it clear that the CRAFFT was not just needed to test teenagers who were more likely to have substance abuse problems. Now, experts suggest that primary care doctors use the CRAFFT to test all of their teenage patients. This can help identify alcohol and drug problems early, before they start to get too much worse.

The CRAFFT Screening Test has two parts. They are called "Part A" and "Part B."

Part A of the CRAFFT asks:

During the past 12 months, did you:

If a person answers "no" to ALL of these questions, they only have to answer the first question in Part B. 

If a person answers "yes" to ANY of these questions, they have to answer all of the questions in Part B.

In simple English, here are the questions in Part B of the CRAFFT:

Each time a person answers "yes" to one of the CRAFFT questions, they score one point for that question. If a person scores two or more - meaning they answered "yes" to at least two of the six "CRAFFT" questions - they are likely to have alcoholism or a drug addiction. 

Not everyone who scores two or more on the CRAFFT will have an addiction. However, they do need to be tested more to see if they have an addiction. 

Research has shown that the CRAFFT is a good test for alcohol and drug problems in teenagers.

The CRAFFT has been translated into many languages, including Mandarin Chinese, French, Haitian Creole, Hebrew, Japanese, Khmer, Laotian, Russian, Portuguese, Spanish, Turkish, and Vietnamese. Research shows that the CRAFFT is just as good a test when given in different languages, and to teenagers from different cultures.

The CRAFFT is a very quick test. It takes an average of 74 seconds for a doctor to give the CRAFFT. If a person takes the CRAFFT on their own, it takes an average of 49 seconds.



Conosa

The Conosa is one of three subphyla in the Amoebozoa. It is subdivided into two infraphyla – the Mycetozoa and the Archamoebae.

Conosa includes the species "Dictyostelium discoideum" and "Entamoeba histolytica", among others.

About 2000 species are known, and probably there are many more. Because these cells have few visible characteristics, they do look rather alike: "they exhibit few morphological traits that can be used as taxonomic characters". As their molecular biology becomes known, many species may get split.


Infraphylum

An infraphylum is a rank in the Linnaean taxonomy of biological groups. Normally the ranks go phylum > class > order etc. However, sometimes extra steps are needed. If so, an infraphylum ranks immediately below a subphylum, and above a class.

Archamoebae

The Archamoebae are an important group of amoebae. They are unusual among protists because they have no mitochondria. 

The group includes many genera which are internal parasites or commensals of animals: for example "Entamoeba" and "Endolimax". Some are human pathogens, causing diseases such as amoebic dysentery. Other genera of archamoebae live in freshwater habitats, and have flagella. Most have a single nucleus and flagellum, but the giant amoeba "Pelomyxa" has many of each.

Analysis of 100 genes shows that the Archamoebae are part of the Amoebozoa which have lost their mitochondria. They are close relatives of the slime moulds. Parasitic and commensal forms like "Entamoeba" and "Endolimax" developed separately from free-living ancestors.

Intracranial hemorrhage

An intracranial hemorrhage is bleeding in the brain. ("Intracranial" means "inside the skull"; "hemorrhage" means "dangerous bleeding"). The most dangerous type of stroke, a hemorrhagic stroke, is a type of intracranial hemorrhage. It is a bleed in the brain that happens when the brain has not been injured.

When blood vessels in the brain break or are injured, they bleed. Bleeding in the brain is very dangerous, because if enough blood builds up, the blood can squeeze or crush the brain. It can also make it impossible for oxygen to get past the blood to parts of the brain. Without oxygen, these parts of the brain will die.

Bleeding in the brain can happen for two reasons. It can happen because of a head injury. A bad head injury can break some of the blood vessels in the brain.

Bleeding in the brain can also happen when blood vessels in the brain break without being injured. For example, this may happen when a cerebral aneurysm bursts.

The three most common types of bleeding problems in the brain are epidural hematomas, subdural hematomas, and subarachnoid hemorrhages. These happen in different parts of the meninges (the layers that cover the brain).

An epidural hematoma is a collection of blood between the dura mater and the skull. ("Epidural" means "on top of the dura;" a "hematoma" is a collection of blood.) Usually, injuries to the head cause epidural hematomas by tearing arteries in the dura. Because the arteries in the dura are large, they carry a lot of blood. If one of these arteries is injured, it can bleed very quickly, and an epidural hematoma can build up almost right away. 

About 15% to 20% of people with epidural hematomas die from them.

The picture at the top of this page shows an epidural hematoma. The bleeding (shown in light gray) is between the skull (the thick white outside layer) and the rest of the brain (shown in dark gray).

A subdural hematoma is a collection of blood under the dura mater, between the dura and the arachnoid layer. ("Subdural" means "under the dura.") Usually, subdural hematomas are caused by injuries to the head that tear veins. Because these veins are smaller, and because veins do not bleed as fast as arteries, subdural hematomas may not bleed as quickly as epidural hematomas.

Subdural hematomas can happen right away after a bad injury to the head. These are called acute subdural hematomas. These are the most dangerous of all head injuries. They kill about 60% to 80% of people who have them.
Subdural hematomas can also be chronic. This means they take days or weeks to happen. They are usually caused by injuries to the head that are not very bad. Sometimes, if a person has a vein in their dura that slowly leaks blood every now and then, chronic subdural hematomas can take years to build up.

A subarachnoid hemorrhage is bleeding into the subarachnoid space (the space between the arachnoid and the pia mater). ("Subarachnoid" means "under the arachnoid.") Because the subarachnoid space holds cerebrospinal fluid, bleeding here makes blood mix into the cerebrospinal fluid. The blood irritates the brain and spinal cord, and causes symptoms like a very bad headache and a stiff neck.

Subarachnoid hemorrhages can be caused by head injuries. They can also happen when an aneurysm in one of the arachnoid layer's blood vessels bursts and starts bleeding.

Subarachnoid hemorrhages are very dangerous. About half of all people with subarachnoid hemorrhages die from them. About 10% to 15% die before they even get to the hospital. Many of the people who survive have brain damage.


Hardin County, Kentucky

Hardin County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is at Elizabethtown. 
The county was formed in 1792.

Cuiba language

Cuiba is a Guahiban language spoken in Colombia and Venezuela. There are 2,300 people who speak it in Colombia and 650 in Venezuela. More than half of Cuiba speakers do not speak any other language. In Colombia the literacy rate among Cuiba speakers is 45%.

Baure language

Bauré is an Arawakan language native to Bolivia. The language is nearly extinct. It is spoken by only 40 of the thousand Baure people. These people live in the Beni Department northwest of Magdalena, Bolivia. Some parts of the Bible have been translated into Baure. Most Baure people now speak Spanish.

Baure has an active–stative syntax.


Wesley A. Clark

Wesley Allison Clark (April 27, 1927 – February 22, 2016) was an American computer designer. He created the LINC computer, which was the first mini-computer and shares with a number of other computers (such as the PDP-1) the claim to be the inspiration for the personal computer.

Clark was born in New Haven, Connecticut. He grew up in Kinderhook, New York and northern California. He graduated from the University of California, Berkeley in 1947 with an A.B. in Physics. Clark began his career as a physicist at the Hanford Site.

In 1981 Clark received the Eckert-Mauchly Award for his work on computer architecture. He was awarded an honorary degree by Washington University in 1984. He was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 1999. Clark was a charter recipient of the IEEE Computer Society Computer Pioneer Award for "First Personal Computer."

Clark died on February 22, 2016 in New York City from heart disease at the age of 88.


Grant

Grant may refer to:






Grant County

Grant County may refer to:

In the United States

Grant County, Kentucky

Grant County is a county in Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 24,941. Its county seat is Williamstown.


LaRue County, Kentucky

LaRue County is a county in Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,867. Its county seat is Hodgenville, a city best known as the birthplace of United States President Abraham Lincoln.

Scott County

Scott County is the name of eleven counties in the United States:


Scott County, Kentucky

Scott County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 57,155. Its county seat is Georgetown.

Scott County, Arkansas

Scott County is a county of the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,836. The county seat is Waldron.

Sebastian County, Arkansas

Sebastian County is a county of the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2020 census, the population was 127,799, making it the fourth-most populous county in Arkansas. The county has two county seats, Greenwood and Fort Smith.


Holocaust victims

During The Holocaust, millions of people died or were killed in Nazi Germany. These Holocaust victims included about six million Jewish people. They also included five million of people who were not Jewish, mainly Poles, Sinti and Roma.

Holocaust victims died in many ways. Millions were murdered by the Nazis, especially in Nazi labour camps and extermination camps (death camps). Many others died in camps and ghettoes from diseases, starvation, and freezing to death, caused by the terrible living conditions. Others in areas that Nazi Germany took over died from famine and other causes.

When all these people are added up, historians estimate that between 19 million and 22 million people died during The Holocaust. Holocaust victims came from many different countries, religions, ethnic groups, and cultures. The Nazis wanted to kill them for many different reasons.

The Nazis believed that some races and ethnic groups were not as good as others. They thought the "Aryan race" was the best of all. They wanted Nazi Germany to be filled only with "Aryan" people.

The Nazis thought that there were some ethnic groups that were not even human. Two of these groups were the Jews and the Sinti and Roma People. The Nazis decided to kill all of the Jews and Sinti and Roma People in Nazi Germany. The Nazis also thought that Slavic peoples were less than human, and they killed millions of Slavs because of their ethnicity.

The Nazis thought of the Jewish people as an ethnic group. This meant that even if a person did not practice the Jewish religion, the Nazis still thought of them as Jewish.

Early on in World War II, the Nazis made Jewish people leave their homes and forced them to live in ghettoes. However, by 1941, Adolf Hitler had decided to kill all of the Jews in Europe. This plan was called the Final Solution. 

Starting in 1942, the Nazis deported the Jews from the ghettoes to death camps like Auschwitz. At these camps, people were killed in gas chambers as soon as they arrived.

By the end of The Holocaust, one out of every three Jewish people in the world had died or been killed by the Nazis. Only one out of every three Jews in Europe survived The Holocaust. Many countries lost most of their Jewish populations. For example:

Over one million Jewish children died or were killed during The Holocaust.

The Nazis killed millions of Slavic people during The Holocaust. These people included Poles, Russians, Serbs, Ukrainians, Czechs, Bosniaks, and Sorbs. The Nazis thought Slavs were an inferior race. However, they also wanted to clear out the people in the Slavic countries, so there would be plenty of "Lebensraum" ("living space") for "Aryan" people.

Poles were one of the first groups that Hitler decided to get rid of. He first shared this idea in 1939. On August 22, 1939, Hitler said:
"[T]he [goal] of the war is ... to destroy the enemy. That is why I have prepared ... my 'Death's Head' [groups of soldiers] with orders to kill without pity or mercy all men, women, and children of Polish descent or language. Only in this way can we [get] the living space we need."

Before World War II, Poland had the largest population of Jews in Europe. By the end of The Holocaust, three million Polish Jews had died or been killed. So had between 1.8 million and three million Poles who were not Jewish. These victims included:

Almost 17% of Poland's population died or was killed in The Holocaust.

Originally, the Nazis planned to kill 65% of the 23.2 million people in the Ukraine (about 15 million Ukrainians). They planned to make the survivors work as slaves.

Between 1941 and 1945, the Nazis killed about three million Ukrainians. They also deported over two million Ukrainians to Germany to be used as slave workers.

More Ukrainians were killed fighting the Wehrmacht in the Soviet Red Army than American, British and French soldiers all put together.

Many Soviet prisoners of war (POWs) and civilians died during Operation Barbarossa (the Axis countries' invasion of the Soviet Union). The Nazis killed many Soviet children as well as adult civilians in the lands they took over.

The Nazis killed millions of Red Army prisoners of war in many ways:

In eight months between 1941-1942, the Nazis killed about 2.8 million Soviet POWs by execution, starvation, and freezing to death.

After the Nazis occupied parts of the Soviet Union, they treated Soviet civilians terribly. During the siege of Leningrad, more than 1.2 million civilians died. Nazi soldiers destroyed thousands of peasant villages across Russia, Belarus, and the Ukraine. In 1995, the Russian Academy of Sciences reported that the Nazis caused 13.7 million civilian deaths in the occupied Soviet Union, including Jews. This was 20% of the area's population. These deaths included:

About three million people also died of starvation in areas that the Nazis had not taken over.

Under the Nazis' Nuremberg Laws, the Sinti and Roma people were called "enemies of the race-based [Germany]," just like Jews. Like with the Jews, the Nazis wanted to kill all of the Roma and Sinti people in Europe.

In 1936, the Nazis began deporting Roma and Sinti people, first to areas on the outside edges of cities, and later to the same ghettoes that Jews were sent to. In 1942, Heinrich Himmler ordered that the Roma and Sinti people (including children) should be sent to Auschwitz concentration camp. The Nazis also sent many Roma and Sinti adults and children to other death camps, like Bełżec, and to other concentration camps, like Ravensbrück.

Historians estimate that 220,000 to 500,000 Roma and Sinti were killed by the Nazis. This was about one in every four Roma and Sinti people who lived in Europe at the time. However, one researcher says that as many as 1.5 million Roma and Sinti may have died during The Holocaust.

After World War II, it took a long time for countries to admit that Nazi Germany had committed a genocide against the Roma and Sinti people. In 1982, West Germany admitted that a genocide of the Roma had happened. In 2011, the Polish Government ruled that Poland would honor the Roma genocide on the 2nd of August, every year.

The Nazis believed that people with disabilities were "life unworthy of life," and that they did not deserve to live. People with disabilities also did not fit into the Nazis' ideas about having a race of perfect "Aryans."

The Nazis forced about 375,000 people to be sterilized so they could not have children with disabilities. These people included people with physical disabilities, mental illnesses, intellectual disabilities, and the Deaf.

People with disabilities were the first people the Nazis killed in gas chambers. In 1939, the Nazis set up a program called the T-4 Euthanasia Program. As part of this program, the Nazis sent children and adults with disabilities to hospitals like Hartheim Euthanasia Centre, where they were killed with poison gas. They also killed some children with disabilities right after they were born. By the end of World War II, the Nazis had killed about 275,000 people with disabilities. About 5,000 to 7,000 of these victims were children.

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people were also victims of The Holocaust. The Nazis were especially cruel to gay men. They thought that homosexual people hurt Nazi Germany in a few ways:

By 1936, Heinrich Himmler was trying to use Germany's laws, and make new laws, to persecute gay men. At least 100,000 gay German men were arrested, and 50,000 were convicted and put in prison. Some were forced into state-run psychiatric hospitals. Courts ordered hundreds of European gay men living in Nazi-controlled areas to be castrated with chemicals.

Between 5,000 and 15,000 gay men were imprisoned in concentration camps. They were often treated even worse than other prisoners. They had to wear a pink triangle on their shirts, just like men convicted of sexually abusing children and having sex with animals.

Lesbians were not usually treated as badly as gay men. They were usually not put in prison just because they were lesbians. In the concentration camps, they usually wore a black triangle.

According to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, "Nazi Germany did not seek to kill all homosexuals. Nevertheless, the Nazi state, through active persecution, attempted to terrorise German homosexuals into sexual and social conformity, leaving thousands dead and shattering the lives of many more."

After World War II, many homosexuals who were liberated from the concentration camps were still persecuted in Germany. They could be charged under Paragraph 175, a law which made "lewdness between men" illegal. If they were convicted, they would be sent to prison. (The time they spent in the concentration camps would be subtracted from their sentences.) This was very different from how other Holocaust victims were treated. Other victims were compensated (given money) for the loss of family members and educational opportunities. Gay victims were treated like criminals.

The Nazis also killed many people who did not agree with the Nazis' political beliefs. They thought of these people as political enemies of Nazi Germany.

The Nazis were especially cruel to people who spoke out or fought against the Nazi government. When they arrested these people, the Nazis often killed them right after questioning them. Sometimes, the Nazis killed their families too. People who were not killed right away were sent to the political People's Court. This court was famous for the number of death sentences it gave.

The Nazis thought of leftists as political enemies. Leftists included anarchist, communists, socialists, liberals, libertarians and social democrats. German communists and Social Democrats were some of the first people to be sent to Dachau concentration camp. The Nazi Party hated communism, and was worried that German communists would be loyal to the Soviet Union, a communist country. The Nazis spread rumors about communist violence to get the Enabling Act of 1933 passed. This law gave Adolf Hitler his first powers as a dictator.

Hitler and the Nazis also hated German leftists because they did not agree with the Nazis' racism. When the Nazis took over a place, communists, socialists, liberals and social democrats were usually some of the first people they abused. Sometimes they would murder leftists right away.

As part of their religious beliefs, Jehovah's Witnesses refused to serve in the German Army, salute the Nazi flag, or say "Heil Hitler" ("Hail Hitler"). They refused to go along with Nazi beliefs and laws that went against their religious beliefs.

Because of this, many Jehovah's Witnesses were sent to concentration camps. Between 2,500 and 5,000 Witnesses died in the concentration camps.

The Nazis also attacked the Catholic Church during The Holocaust. Hitler wanted to destroy Catholicism and Christianity in Nazi Germany, and make Nazi Germany pagan instead. Thousands of German clergy, nuns, and Catholic leaders were arrested after the Nazis took over.

In 1939, Hitler invaded Poland, beginning World War II. Poland was mostly Catholic. The Nazis wanted to destroy Poland. They started by destroying the Catholic Church in Poland. They arrested the Church's leaders and closed churches and monasteries. In 1940, the Nazis created a special barracks just for priests at Dachau concentration camp. Of 2,720 clergy imprisoned at Dachau, almost all (94.88 percent) were Catholic. About 1,700 were Polish priests; half of them died or were killed at Dachau. The Nazis even made it illegal for priests anywhere to give Catholic sacraments to Polish people. At least one German priest was sent to Dachau for taking a confession from a Polish Catholic.

In 1933, Germany had made an agreement with the Holy See to protect Catholicism in Nazi Germany. However, the Nazis often broke this agreement. They shut down the Catholic press, schools, political parties and youth groups in Germany amid murder and mass arrests.

The Church was treated especially badly in lands that Germany took over. In Austria, Catholic property was taken, Catholic organizations were closed, and many priests were sent to Dachau. In Czechoslovakia, the Nazis refused to let people follow religious orders; closed schools; made religious teachings illegal; and sent priests to concentration camps. Catholic people, bishops, clergy, and nuns protested and attacked Nazi policies.

In 1942, Dutch bishops protested the mistreatment of the Jews. When the Dutch Archbishop refused to obey the Nazis, the Gestapo rounded up Catholic "Jews" and sent 92 to Auschwitz A Dutch Catholic nun named Edith Stein was murdered at Auschwitz. So was Maximilian Kolbe, a Polish priest. Both were eventually made into Catholic saints by Pope John Paul II in the 1980s. Other Catholic victims of the Holocaust have also been beatified, including some of the Polish priests who died at Dachau.

Some Protestant Churches agreed with Nazi ideas. Others did not. To try to take over Protestantism in Germany, the Nazis formed the National Reich Church: an official state church that taught a state religion based on Nazism. The Reich Church:

They fired all clergy members who were not "Aryan." Church members called themselves "German Christians" and said they had "the swastika on their chest and the cross in their heart."

Protestant groups that disagreed with Nazi ideas formed the Confessing Church, a group of German churches. Martin Niemöller was one or their leaders. Nazis persecuted the Confessing Church. In May 1936, the Confessing Church sent a letter to Hitler criticizing his actions. The Nazis reacted by:

Most pastors and churches were not members of either the Reich Church or the Confessing Church. Pastors who spoke out against what the Nazis were doing were threatened, arrested, and sometimes sent to concentration camps.

In 1937, the Nazis made it illegal to practice the Bahá'í Faith. The Nazis closed all Bahá'í organizations in Germany. The Nazis did not like the Bahá'í Faith because it taught pacifism.

Throughout the Holocaust, Bahá'ís were arrested and given very expensive fines. The Nazis also continued to close their organizations.

The Nazis blamed Freemasonry for Germany losing World War I. They said the Freemasons' leaders were part of a conspiracy with Jewish people to take over Germany. In 1941, Adolf Hitler decided that Masons were political enemies. The Nazis sent tens of thousands of Masons to concentration camps. Between 80,000 to 200,000 Freemasons were killed.

This table estimates the total number of deaths caused by The Holocaust.

Charles Schultze

Charles Louis Schultze (December 12, 1924 – September 27, 2016) was an American economist and public policy analyst. He served as the Chairperson of the Council of Economic Advisers during the President Carter Administration.

Schultze was appointed the assistant director of the Bureau of the Budget by President John F. Kennedy in 1962, and was the Director from 1965 until 1968 during President Lyndon Johnson's Great Society agenda.

Schultze was born in Alexandria, Virginia. He studied at Georgetown University and at the University of Maryland, College Park. He was a veteran of WWII, serving in the army in the European theater. Schultze died from complications of sepsis caused by dementia on September 27, 2016 in Washington, D.C., aged 92.


Ramón Castro Ruz

Ramón Eusebio Castro Ruz (October 14, 1924 – February 23, 2016) was a Cuban politician. He was the older brother of Fidel and Raúl Castro. He was a key figure of the Cuban Revolution. Castro was born in Birán, Oriente Province. After the revolution, Castro left his family farm as it became legal property of the state. He continued to dedicate himself to the study of agriculture.

Castro died on February 23, 2016 in Havana. He was aged 91.


ThrustSSC

ThrustSSC, Thrust SSC, or Thrust supersonic car, is a car powered by a jet engine. It was made by Richard Noble, Glynne Bowsher, Ron Ayers and Jeremy Bliss of the United Kingdom.

Thrust SSC is the fastest land vehicle. When tested on 15 October 1997, the car traveled at 1227 kilometres per hour.

École Centrale de Nantes

École Centrale de Nantes (or Centrale Nantes) is a graduate engineering school in France. Its campus is in Nantes.

It awards the following degrees:

Centrale Nantes is a member of the Ecoles Centrale Group, (with CentraleSupélec, Centrale Lille, Centrale Lyon, Centrale Marseille, and Centrale Beijing). The school also takes part in international networks: T.I.M.E (Top Industrial Managers for Europe), RMEI , Magalhaes and Heritage Network. In 2014, the Alliance Centrale - Audencia - ensa Nantes was created, bringing together Centrale Nantes, Audencia Business School and l'Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Architecture de Nantes. As part of this alliance the Centrale-Audencia-ensa business incubator was created.

Classes are taught in French and English languages. The school has students from over 70 nationalities.

Admission to courses at Master's level is possible after two- or three-year scientific undergraduate studies. The main admission routes are via: 

The engineering programme, which leads to the award of "diplôme d'ingénieur", typically lasts three years. It involves work experience and time spent abroad. Students who successfully completed Master's level courses earn 300 ECTS credits in the European education system.
Students enrolled in a double degree programme spend two years at Centrale Nantes and two years in the partner institution. After these four years a double master's degree is awarded.

Research at Centrale Nantes is centred on three main priorities: factory of the future, energy transition and engineering for health. The main research topics are:


Broca's area

Broca's area is a region in the brain of humans and other hominids. It is in the frontal lobe of the dominant hemisphere, usually the left. It works as part of "speech production".

Language processing has been linked to Broca's area after Pierre Paul Broca. Broca did autopsies on patients who had difficuty speaking when they were alive. He found damage to a particular area of the brain. They had lost the ability to speak after injury to the posterior inferior frontal gyrus of the brain. 

Since then, the region he identified has become known as Broca's area. The deficit in language production is Broca's aphasia, also called 'expressive aphasia'. 

Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) studies have identified activation patterns in Broca's area associated with various language tasks. However, slow destruction of the Broca's area by brain tumors can leave speech relatively intact. This suggests that, given time, its functions can shift to nearby areas in the brain.


Star City

Star City may refer to:





Antbird

The antbirds are a large passerine bird family, the Thamnophilidae. They are found in subtropical and tropical Central and South America, from Mexico to Argentina. There are more than 200 species called antshrikes, antwrens, antvireos, fire-eyes, bare-eyes and bushbirds.

They are related to the antthrushes and antpittas (family Formicariidae), the tapaculos, the gnateaters and the ovenbirds. Despite some species' common names, this family is not closely related to the wrens, vireos or shrikes.

Antbirds are generally small birds with rounded wings and strong legs. They have mostly dull grey, white, brown and rufous plumage. The two sexes have somewhat different pattern and colouring. Some species communicate warnings to rivals by exposing white feather patches on their backs or shoulders. Most have heavy bills, which in many species are hooked at the tip.

Most species live in forests, although a few are found in other habitats. They eat mostly insects and other arthropods. Small vertebrates are occasionally taken. Most species feed in the understory and midstory of the forest, although a few feed in the canopy and a few on the ground.

About eighteen species specialise in following columns of army ants to eat the small invertebrates flushed out by the ants.

Antbirds are monogamous, mate for life, and defend territories. They usually lay two eggs in a nest. Both parents share the tasks of incubating eggs and raising the nestlings. After fledging, each parent cares exclusively for one chick.

Thirty-eight species are threatened with extinction as a result of human activities. The main threat is habitat loss, which lets predators get at their nests more easily.

Fort-de-Joux

The Fort de Joux (or Château de Joux) is a castle, transformed into a fort, in France. It is located in La Cluse-et-Mijoux in the Doubs department in the Jura mountains.

Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Ratified on December 15, 1791, the Eighth Amendment (Amendment VIII) to the United States Constitution is a part of the United States Bill of Rights. This amendment has three parts that each grant specific rights. The excessive bail clause limits excessive bail for any person arrested for a crime but has not yet been placed on trial. The excessive fines clause is intended to limit fines imposed by state and federal governments on persons who have been convicted of a crime. The most controversial and most important part is the cruel and unusual punishment clause. The Eighth Amendment applies to criminal punishment and not to most civil procedures.

The wording of the Eighth Amendment is almost the same as three of the provisions in the English Bill of Rights of 1689. These provisions were based on the case of Titus Oates, whose lies under oath caused the execution of many innocent people. Because the English authorities did not want to make honest people fear to give evidence in court, he was not put to death. While his punishment included those considered ordinary at the time, the combination of these punishments were applied in an excessive and brutal way. Oates was convicted of sedition, thrown into prison to remain there. However, after James II of England became king in 1685, he was tried again, this time for perjury. In addition to being imprisoned for life, he was to be "whipped through the streets of London five days a year for the remainder of his life." The first use of the provision of the English Bill of Rights was the Virginia Declaration of Rights of 1776.

Bail is the amount of money, property or bond that a defendant has to give to the court to guarantee his or her appearance at trial. The bail put up by the defendant may be recovered at the end of the trial. But if a defendant fails to appear at the time the trial is scheduled, the bail is forfeited and the defendant may face additional penalties. A judge, when setting the amount of bail, has to consider several factors. These include the nature of the offense, how much evidence there is against the accused and what ties the defendant has to the community. The judge must also take into account the defendant's ability to pay the amount of the bail and how likely it is the defendant will simply flee and not stand trial. All defendants are presumed innocent. Setting bail for an unreasonable amount would restrict the freedom and ability of the defendant to make a living as well as make it difficult to support his or her family.

This clause limits the government's power to set fines, which are payments for a punishment or offense. The amount of the fine must be proportional to the seriousness of the offense. A fine violates this clause if it is grossly disproportional to the nature of the defendant's offense.

In 1993, in "Austin v. United States", the United States Supreme Court ruled that this clause applied also to civil procedures. In doing this the Court reversed not only its own previous rulings but also those by several circuit courts of appeal.

The phrase "cruel and unusual punishments" was first used in 1789 in the English Bill of Rights. In 1776, George Mason added it to the Virginia Declaration of Rights. In 1791, this same prohibition became the central part of the Eighth Amendment. Patrick Henry was among those who argued that prohibiting cruel and unusual punishment should be part of the Bill of Rights. Otherwise the new federal government could use torture to get confessions. Torture was still being used at the time by Spain, France and Germany. The United States should not follow their example. Because of these arguments this was added to the Eighth Amendment. Very few would disagree that the use of rack, thumbscrews or the gibbet are cruel and unusual punishments and clearly violate the Eighth Amendment. But past that point it becomes controversial as to what is and what is not cruel and unusual punishment.

Cruel and unusual punishment was not clearly defined when the Eighth Amendment was passed. But it was discussed. Representative Livermore pointed out on the floor of the House of Representatives that the wording was vague. He asked: "It is sometimes necessary to hang a man, villains often deserve a whipping, and perhaps having their ears cut off, but are we in the future to be prevented from inflicting those punishments because they are 'cruel'?" But despite his objections the vague language was left in the amendment. 

In 1910, in "Weems v. United States", the Supreme Court admitted that “what constitutes a cruel and unusual punishment has not been exactly decided.” The Supreme Court began using the "evolving standards of decency" test. In "Trop v Dulles" (1958) the Court agreed with the view that what are prohibited "cruel and unusual punishments" should change over time based on punishments that offend society's "evolving sense of decency." Very recently the courts have been reluctant to keep the term "unusual" in their judicial interpretations.

Originalists find that evaluating whether a punishment is cruel and unusual still come under the evolving standards test and public opinion. In "Coker v. Georgia" (1977) the Supreme Court held that the death penalty is unconstitutional for those convicted of rape. This was based largely on the fact only one of the 50 states used this sentence. Even then, juries in that state did not use it very often.

Waterboarding has been seen as torture since the Spanish Inquisition. US Soldiers who were caught waterboarding in the Philippines in 1901, or during the Vietnam War, in 1968, were put on trial. When done by other governments the US has not failed to call it torture. The Bush administration maintained it was not bound by the constitutional test outside of the United States. Justice Antonin Scalia had said in an interview with the BBC that he did not see anything in the constitution that prohibited torture of detainees. Not when it was for the purpose of gaining information. He said it would be unconstitutional if it were inflicted as a punishment, however. At his inauguration in 2009, US President Barack Obama pledged to end “enhanced interrogation techniques” by the CIA and to close Guantánamo through executive orders. 

Wernicke's area

Wernicke's area is an area of the brain. It is one of the two parts of the cerebral cortex linked to speech (the other is Broca's area). It is involved in the production of written and spoken language. 

It is in Brodmann area 22, in the dominant cerebral hemisphere. The dominant hemisphere is the left in about 95% of right handed individuals, and 60% of left handed individuals. 

As with Broca's area, Wernicke's area was discovered by autopsies of patients who had speech difficulties. Carl Wernicke, a German neurologist, had a patient who could speak quite well, but was unable to understand the speech of others. After the patient's death, Wernicke found damage to an area at the upper portion of the temporal lobe, just behind the auditory cortex. He thought, correctly, that this area was responsible for speech comprehension. This kind of aphasia is known as Wernicke's aphasia, or receptive aphasia.

Despite the fact that Broca's and Wernicke's areas are in different lobes, they are quite near each other. They are connected by a tract of nerves called the "arcuate fascilicus", and by another recently discovered tract.

Monoid

In abstract algebra, a monoid is a set of elements
along with an operation that has two key properties:


The operation need not have the commutative property.

In computing science common monoids include addition, multiplication, or, and. These properties are useful for various problems e.g. they allow a large set of data to be divided, processed in parallel and combined. As each part produces a monoid, the final combined result will be the same. This also works with more complex monoids, such as a map from words to the number of times they appear in a document.

Character strings also form a monoid over concatenation with the empty string "" as the identity element. Examples of the two properties are "abc" + ("def" + "ghi") = ("abc" + "def") + "ghi" and "abc" + "" = ""+ "abc" = "abc". This is true even though "abc" + "def" ≠ "def" + "abc".

Peter Lustig

Peter Fritz Willi Lustig (October 27, 1937 – February 23, 2016) was a German television presenter and author of children's books. He was known as leading actor in the weekly children's television show "Löwenzahn". He hosted the show from 1979 up until 2006; during its first year the show was still called "Pusteblume"). He also appeared on the shows "Mittendrin" (1987–1995) and "Gordos Reise ans Ende der Welt" (2007).

Lustig died on February 23, 2016 at his home in Bohmstedt, Germany. He died from stomach cancer. He was aged 78. He was surrounded by his family. He is survived by four children and nine grandchildren.

Ryszard Bender

Ryszard Janusz Bender (February 16, 1932 – February 24, 2016) was a Polish politician and historian. He was a specialist on the history of the January Uprising. He was professor of History at John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin.

From 1976 to 1980 and 1985 to 1989, he was a deputy of the Sejm. In 2007, he was elected as a member in the Senate of Poland from the Law and Justice party. He retired from the senate in 2011.

Bender was accused of antisemitism and Holocaust denial after he said that Auschwitz was "not a death camp" but a "labour camp". He later said his remarks were taken out of context. He has also spoken out in defense of Dariusz Ratajczak.

Bender died of a stroke on February 24, 2016 in Lublin, Poland. He was aged 84.


Carlo Biotti

Carlo Biotti (1901 – 10 December 1977) was an Italian judge. He became the President of the Court of Milan. His forced removal from the case brought by the widow of Giuseppe Pinelli against the police commissioner Luigi Calabresi in 1971 became a "cause célèbre".

Biotti was the leading judge in the case brought by the widow of Giuseppe Pinelli against the police commissioner Luigi Calabresi. Calabresi had led the investigation into the Piazza Fontana bombing. Pinelli died in mysterious circumstances during a police interrogation after the bombing. On 27 May 1971, Biotti was removed at the request of Calabresi's lawyer. The lawyer claimed that in a private conversation Biotti had admitted that for career reasons he had already formed an opinion on the case. It was a claim that Biotti vehemently denied. Neither Biotti nor his two fellow judges were convinced that Pinelli had died from falling from the police station window. His forced removal prevented the exhumation of Pinelli's body, and delayed the investigation for two years.

Biotti fought for years to clear his name and in November 1974 was completely exonerated by the Court of Florence. He died three years later at the age of 76. In the 2012 film "", the character of Carlo Biotti is played by .

From 1964 Biotti was also a director of A.C. Milan.

Robert J. Walker (sailor)

Robert J. Walker (known as Bob Walker; February 2, 1929 – February 15, 2016) was an American sailor. He was the third Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy. On September 26, 1975, Walker was sworn in as the third Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy. Walker was a much more conservative, traditional MCPON than his predecessor, John Whittet. He retired in the 1980s.

Walker was born in Baldwin, New York. He attended a grammar and high school in Oxford, New York. Walker died of complications from pneumonia in Norfolk, Virginia. He was aged 87.


John Reinhardt

John Edward Reinhardt (March 8, 1920 – February 18, 2016) was an American diplomat. He was born in Knoxville, Tennessee. He was the United States' ambassador to Nigeria from 1971 to 1975. This made him one of the first black ambassadors. From 1975 to 1977, he was Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs. He became the director of the United States Information Agency from 1977 to 1980.

Reinhardt died in Silver Spring, Maryland from a stroke. He was aged 95.

Casas de Don Pedro

Casas de Don Pedro is a municipality in Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It has a population of 1559.

Fayette, Maine

Fayette is a town of Maine in the United States. It is in Kennebec County.

Jefferson City, Tennessee

Jefferson City is a city in Tennessee in the United States.

Player character

A player character or playable character (PC) is a made-up character in a role-playing or video game whose actions are chosen by a player of the game rather than the rules of the game. The characters that are not used by a player are called non-player characters (NPCs). The actions of non-player characters are generally chosen by the game itself in video games, or based on rules followed by a gamemaster in tabletop role-playing games. The player character acts as a fictional, different body for the player using it.

Most video games have one player character for each person playing the game. Some games offer a group of player characters for the player to choose from, letting player control one of them at a time. Where more there is more than one player character to choose, the characters may have different abilities, strengths, and weaknesses to make the gameplay different with each.

A player character may sometimes be based on a real person, such as in sports games that use the names and looks of real sports people. Historical people and leaders may sometimes appear as characters too, such as in strategy or empire building games like Sid Meier's "Civilization" series. These characters are avatars rather than true player characters, because the player character's name and image have little or even no effect on the game itself. Avatars are also often seen in casino game simulations.

In role playing games such as "Dungeons and Dragons" or "Final Fantasy," a player generally makes or chooses a character that may be nothing like themself. The character is usually of a race and class (often not real) such as zombie, berserker, rifleman, elf, or cleric, each with their own strengths and weaknesses. The skills of the characters (such as magic and fighting ability) are given as numbers which can be made better as the gamer plays through the game and gains experience points through doing quests or fighting enemies.

In many video games, the player character is a "blank slate" who has no given personality or backstory. "Crono", "Link" and "Chell" are examples of such characters. These characters often do not speak. In strategy games the player character is often not shown and called by a title such as "Commander" or "General", so that the player can imagine themself in the character's job.

Fighting games often have a large number of player characters to choose from, with some basic moves that all or most characters can use and some special moves only used by one or a few characters. Having many different characters to play with, all with different moves and abilities, makes the gameplay of fighting games more wikt:variety:varied and difficult.

A secret or unlockable character may be a playable character in a video game available after finishing the game or doing certain tasks. In some video games, characters that are not secret but appear only as non-player characters like bosses or enemies become playable characters after beating them, doing certain other things, or sometimes cheating.


Casas de Reina

Casas de Reina is a municipality in Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It has a population of 199.

Casas de Don Antonio

Casas de Don Antonio is a municipality in Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It has a population of 204.

Mathematical logic

Mathematical logic is a field of mathematics that tries to formalize logic so that it can be used for mathematics more easily. Logic is about reasoning, and mathematical logic shows this with symbols. Most of mathematical logic was developed in the 19th and 20th century.

This field can be said to have four main sub-fields:


Greater bird-of-paradise

The greater bird-of-paradise ("Paradisaea apoda") is a bird-of-paradise in the genus "Paradisaea".

Carolus Linnaeus named the species "Paradisaea apoda", or "legless bird-of-paradise". Apparently, early trade-skins to reach Europe were prepared without wings or feet by natives. This led to the stary that these birds were beautiful visitors from paradise kept aloft by their plumes and never touched the earth until death. The relevant point is that they were killed and traded for their feathers.

The greater bird-of-paradise is the largest member in its genus. Males measuring up to (excluding the long twin tail wires). The female is smaller, at only .

The plumage of this species is also sexually dimorphic. The male has an iridescent green face and a yellow with silver crown, head and nape. The rest of the body plumage is maroon-brown. The flank plumes, used in displays, are yellow at the base, turning white and streaked with maroon.

The female has unbarred maroon brown plumage. In both sexes the iris is yellow and the bills blue.

Progressive National Baptist Convention

The Progressive National Baptist Convention, Incorporated (PNBC) is a group of African-American Baptists that supports civil rights and social justice. Since it started, the Convention now has member congregations outside of the United States, particularly in the Caribbean and Europe.

Ninth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Ratified on December 15, 1791, the Ninth Amendment (Amendment IX) to the United States Constitution is a part of the United States Bill of Rights. James Madison wanted to make sure that the Bill of Rights was not seen as granting only those rights that it listed. It is one of the least referred to amendments by the Supreme Court. The Ninth Amendment, when mentioned, usually plays a secondary role in supporting a new right. One of the few that depends on the Ninth Amendment is the constitutional right to privacy. What the Ninth Amendment means, simply put, is that the people of the United States have other rights besides those listed in the Constitution.

In 1787, at the Constitutional Convention, the new Constitution had to be ratified by nine of the thirteen states. Any states that did not ratify the Constitution would not be a part of the United States. Many people opposed the creation of a national government that would have power over the state governments. They were called Anti-Federalists. They believed each state should be a sovereign country. The Federalists wanted a strong central government. In order to pass the Constitution and begin a new form of government a compromise was reached. Leading Federalists such as Patrick Henry and George Mason suggesting adding a Bill of Rights to the Constitution in the form of amendments. On September 25, 1789, Congress approved twelve articles of amendment to the Constitution and submitted them to the states for ratification. On December 15, 1791, the states ratified ten of the amendments which became the Bill of Rights.

Originally the framers of the Bill of Rights wanted to make clear that these rights were not taken to increase the powers of the national government. They were also not intended to guarantee additional rights of the people. The modern interpretation, however, is that the people have rights not listed in the Bill of Rights.

Disulfiram

Disulfiram is a medication used to treat chronic alcoholism. It is sold under the brand names Antabuse and Antabus.

Disulfiram works by making people feel very sick if they drink alcohol. It is not a cure for alcoholism. Usually, alcoholics who take disulfiram also need to get counseling and support.

When a person gets treatment for alcoholism, disulfiram may be part of their treatment plan. However, the person has to go through alcohol withdrawal first. It is not safe to take disulfiram if a person has had any alcohol in the past 12 hours.

When a person takes disulfiram, they get very sick if they drink any alcohol. They will start feeling sick 5 to 30 minutes after they drink. Usually, the more a person drank, the sicker they will feel. Their symptoms may include:

These symptoms can last anywhere from a half hour to a few hours.

One of the symptoms of alcoholism is wanting alcohol very, very badly. This is called craving. An alcoholic feels like they need alcohol to live.

One problem with disulfiram is that it does not stop alcohol cravings. If an alcoholic takes disulfiram, they will keep craving alcohol, but will get very sick if they do drink. Many alcoholics solve this problem by just not taking disulfiram. One year-long study done in 1986 found that disulfiram did not seem to work. However, the researchers found that only 20% of the alcoholics actually took their disulfiram. The other 80% stopped taking disulfiram so they could drink alcohol without getting sick. 
However, later studies found that when disulfiram is supervised - when someone watches an alcoholic take their disulfiram - the medication works. Alcoholics getting supervised disulfiram drink less, go longer periods of time without drinking, and participate more in other treatments than alcoholics getting un-supervised disulfiram. Family members, friends, clinics, or courts can make sure that alcoholics take their disulfiram.

Disulfiram tablets can also be placed under the skin by a surgeon. These tablets release disulfiram continuously for up to 12 weeks. This makes it impossible for an alcoholic to decide not to take their disulfiram so they can drink.

Also, a doctor can prescribe a newer drug, like naltrexone, along with disulfiram. Naltrexone does block alcohol cravings. The two drugs can work together to make it easier for the alcoholic not to drink.

The United States National Institutes of Health says:
"Disulfiram is not a cure for alcoholism. When [disulfiram is] used alone, without proper motivation and supportive therapy, it is unlikely that it will have any [real] effect on the drinking pattern of the chronic alcoholic."

Just taking disulfiram is usually not enough to keep an alcoholic from drinking. Disulfiram works best when an alcoholic also:

Disulfiram may help other medical problems too. It kills some parasites that can cause infectious diseases.

Researchers are also studying whether disulfiram could treat cancer, HIV, and cocaine addiction.


François Dupeyron

François Dupeyron (14 August 195025 February 2016) was a French movie director and screenwriter. He directed 17 movies since his career began in 1977. His movie "La Chambre des officiers" was entered into the 2001 Cannes Film Festival. He was born in Tartas, Landes, France.

Dupeyron died in Paris from a heart attack on 25 February 2016. He was aged 65.

Peter Kenilorea

Sir Peter Kenilorea KBE (23 May 1943 – 24 February 2016) was a Solomon Islander politician, officially styled The Rt Hon. Sir Peter Kenilorea as a member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom. He served as the Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands from 1978 to 1981 and again from 1984 to 1986.

Kenilorea died in Honiara on 24 February 2016. He was aged 72.

Rafael Iriondo

Rafael Iriondo Aurtenechea (24 October 1918 – 24 February 2016) was a Spanish football player and manager. He played as a forward. He won a total of 286 games and scored over 88 goals over the course of 15 seasons. He played for Athletic Bilbao and Real Sociedad. He became a manager, working for nearly 30 years and being in charge of both clubs.

Iriondo was born in Guernica, Spain.

Iriondo began his career in 1939 with the football team Atlético Tetuán.

After 328 official games for Athletic with 115 goals, Iriondo moved to another team in the region, Barakaldo CF, in 1953. After a couple of months, however, he returned to the top division and joined Real Sociedad. He retired shortly after the end of the 1954–55 season.

Iriondo started coaching quickly after retiring, with modest SD Indautxu in the second division. He continued in his native Basque Country in the following years, with Deportivo Alavés and Barakaldo.

Iriondo retired in 1982 after coaching Real Betis.

Iriondo died on 24 February 2016 in Bilbao, Spain from respiratory failure. He was aged 97.


Peter van der Merwe

Peter van de Merwe (13 January 1942 – 24 February 2016) was a Dutch football player. He played as a goalkeeper. Van de Merwe played his entire career for hometown club NAC Breda from 1959 to 1970. Van der Merwe played his final league game against AZ'67 in October 1970. He retired when he was 29 after persisting injury worries. He had played 257 matches for NAC. He was later diagnosed with rheumatics and had to live with a wheelchair. He played his first game for the Netherlands in a May 1962 friendly match against Northern Ireland.

Van de Merwe died in Sint Willebrord, Netherlands on 24 February 2016 from mesothelioma. He was aged 74.


Root server

A root server is a special server in the domain name system that tells a computer what name servers to use for a single top level domain like ".com" or ".net". There are 13 root servers that are in use. They use the letters A through M.

A root server is used when a computer tries to look up a domain. For example, if a person types "www.google.com" into a web browser, their computer will ask their ISP what the IP address for "www.google.com" is. If the ISP's DNS server does not know (does not have it cached), it will ask a root server which DNS server can tell it the address. The ISP's root server will then get the address from the DNS server that the root server tells it to.

In 1981, the idea of a domain name system was made as part of . , , and said how DNS was supposed to work and made it easier to understand. In 1984, was the first RFC to say what the top level domains would be for the new DNS. In 1985, the first domain name was made and "modern" DNS began.

Günter Schröter

Günter Schröter (May 3, 1927 – February 10, 2016) was a German football player and coach. He appeared in 39 matches for East Germany between 1952 and 1962. He also played for SG Dynamo Dresden from 1950 to 1954 and for SC Dynamo Berlin from 1954 to 1963. He managed Berliner FC Dynamo from 1972 to 1973. He was born in Brandenburg an der Havel, Germany.

Schröter died on February 10, 2016 at a hospital in Berlin. It was caused by complications from Parkinson's disease. He was 88 years old.


Martin Sherman (actor)

Martin T. Sherman (born November 28, 1966) is an American actor, voice actor, voice director and writer who has starred in various movies and television shows as well as providing the voice for several video games. One of his most well-known roles was as Pac-Man in "Pac-Man World 3". He also voiced Thomas the Tank Engine from 2009 to 2015 in the British children's television series "Thomas & Friends". He also appeared on "Doctor Who". Sherman lives in the United Kingdom.

Cristiana Corsi

Cristiana Corsi (23 April 1976 – 22 February 2016) was an Italian taekwondo specialist. She was born in Rome. She competed in the women's featherweight category. She was thought of as one of Italy's best taekwondo players. 

Corsi won a total of nine medals in her career. This includes a gold at the 2002 European Championships in Samsun, Turkey, and a silver in the 59-kg division at the 2003 Summer Universiade in Daegu, South Korea. 

Corsi was also selected to compete for the Italian taekwondo team in two Olympic Games (2000 and 2004). She finished in fifth place in the women's featherweight category (57 kg) each time. Throughout her career, Corsi trained for Rome Taekwondo Centre () in Rome. She trained under head coach and master Park Young-Gil.

Corsi died in Rome on 22 February 2016. She was 39.

Yolande Fox

Yolande Betbeze Fox (November 29, 1928 – February 22, 2016) was an American singer and beauty pageant winner. She was crowned Miss America 1951. She won her first crown in 1949 when she won Mobile's "Miss Torch" pageant. In 1950, she entered Miss Alabama because it offered scholarship opportunities. 

Fox was an active feminist. After her one-year reign as Miss America, she served as an ambassador to Paris. She was active in the NAACP, CORE (Congress of Racial Equality), and SANE (The Committee for a SANE Nuclear Policy). She studied philosophy at the New School for Social Research in New York City.

Fox was also an active opera singer and became famous in this area.

Yolande Fox died on February 22, 2016 in Washington, D.C. of lung cancer. She was aged 87.


Results of the 2016 Republican Party presidential primaries

This article shows the results of the 2016 Republican Party presidential primaries. The Republican Party presidential primary is a process of choosing delegates, or people that represent someone, to go to the 2016 Republican National Convention. People in each state will vote on who they think will be good for the presidency, and each candidate gets a certain amount of delegates based on the number of votes they receive.

The primaries began on 1 February 2016 in Iowa. On May 4 2016, Donald Trump became the only candidate left in the race. He became the official Republican nominee on July 19, 2016. Trump would later win the presidency on November 8.

The following table shows all the candidates who have/had a major campaign.

Legend: 


Aphelion (software)

The Aphelion Imaging Software Suite is a set of computer programs for image processing and image analysis. It includes three base products: Aphelion Lab, Aphelion Dev, and Aphelion SDK.

The Aphelion software product can be used to prototype applications using the graphical user interface. It provides a set of tools for programmers which have to develop software with image analysis needs.
The Aphelion Imaging Software Suite is used by students, researchers, engineers, and software developers in application domains requiring image processing and computer vision, such as:

All products of the Aphelion Imaging Software Suite can be run on equipped with Windows (Vista, 7, 8, 8.1, or 10) 32 or 64 bits.
An online help and video tutorials are available to the user.

Below is a list of Aphelion optional extensions:

The Aphelion user can add his/her own macro-commands in the user interface that have been automatically recorded to process a batch of images. He/she can also add plugins and libraries in the that have been developed outside the Aphelion environment.







Min

Min or MIN may refer to:



Birmingham Children's Crusade

The Birmingham Children’s Crusade was a nonviolent protest in Birmingham, Alabama from May 2-5, 1963. This moment in history resulted in the desegregation of public facilities in Birmingham. It also became a launching point for March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom in August 1963.

However, this was not a quickly put together march to demand desegregation of the most city in America. The building tension of lunch counter sit-ins, boycotts, and protests nationwide called Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. to return to Birmingham in April 1963 to begin the launch of “Project C.” C represented confrontation, but as always, nonviolent confrontation; ordering food at segregated lunch counters, praying in parks and steps of city halls, boycotting segregated stores, etc. Knowing that scores of the protesters would be arrested, King hoped to overwhelm Birmingham’s jails, thus forcing Eugene "Bull" Connor, Birmingham’s Police Commissioner to desegregate the city.

King’s head advisor for the Children’s Crusade was Reverend James L. Bevel. Bevel, a Navy veteran who became a minister from Itta Bena, Mississippi, found deep roots in Old Testament prophets and often wore a Jewish skullcap. After attending a seminar led by James Lawson, a fierce pacifist who firmly believed in training students in “the struggle of racial injustice,” Bevel saw the distinction between white oppression and blacks “accepting the status quo.” Interestingly, Diane Nash and Gloria Johnson also attended this workshop. As cited in David Oshinsky’s article, Lawson taught, “The time had come for young people to move beyond the passivity of their elders. Segregation would end when devoted Christians, doing God’s work on earth, led a nonviolent crusade to destroy it. The struggle required physical courage, unshakable conviction and a willingness to forgive those who would beat and even murder them out of ignorance and fear… they were going to love segregation to death”.

Approaching the Birmingham Children’s Crusade with this background, Bevel spoke to the young students at Saturday nonviolent training sessions, “You are responsible for segregation, you and your parents because you have not stood up… no one has the power to oppress you if you don’t cooperate. So, if you say you are oppressed, then you are… in league with the oppressor; now, it’s your responsibility to break the league with him”. The power of introducing youth into the Civil Rights Movement became a turning point and showed the vast expanse of racism and systemic segregation that had become entrenched in the culture.

Among the black community, involving children in the front lines of the national Civil Rights Movement raised a controversial topic. As most parents intend to do, African American parents, particularly in the South, were very protective of their children and had to educate them on the realities of racism from an early age. Thus, allowing their children to be in the front lines of the Birmingham Children’s Crusade was certainly a barrier for young people to overcome. Despite this familial challenge, thousands turned out over the next week in protest.

Day 1 of the march was May 2, 1963. Bevel dubbed it “D-Day,” a direct reference to the Normandy Invasion that led to the Allied victory in World War II. The morning of the movement, some children went directly to the 16th Street Baptist Church located in downtown Birmingham, but many went to school and later in the morning walked out of class; thus making more of a point in their protest.  Eventually almost a thousand school children, ages six to eighteen, congregated in Kelly Ingram Park, 16th Street Baptist Church, and Metropolitan AME Zion Church to begin their march to city hall. The youth were organized into groups and as each group was confronted with barricades and policemen, and subsequently arrested, another “platoon” would emerge from the church. This phenomenon of the seemingly countless droves of students exiting the church puzzled an officer who asked how many more children were in the church and upon hearing, “at least a thousand,” uttered, “God A’mighty.” By the end of the first day, over 900 students had been arrested, and parents were discouraged from paying bail. As stated in OAH Magazine of History, “King was criticized for using children in the demonstrations. One of the most vocal criticisms came from Malcolm X who stated, ‘Real men don't put their children on the firing line.’ King responded by saying that the demonstrations allowed children to develop “a sense of their own stake in freedom and justice”. Also, not coincidentally, the 16th Street Baptist Church was the church that was bombed on September 15, 1963, just four months later.

Day 2: “Double D-Day.” Bull Connor authorized the use of high power fire hoses and attack dogs on the children as they again flooded the streets of downtown Birmingham. The fire hoses tore through the ranks of peaceful protesters, and the attack dogs dispersed the organized groups into a frenzied crowd. At one point during the afternoon, Connor locked the remaining 500-1000 marchers inside the 16th Street Baptist Church, mostly due to the fact that he was running out of space in the jail; precisely the goal of King and Bevel. Eventually, organizers ordered everyone to go home, and an additional 500-800 students were jailed.

“Double D-Day” is said to be the event that no other effort could do, and that unites black Birmingham to raise their voice in protest of the systemic and oppressive segregation enforced upon them by the white supremacy. King’s words to worried parents summed up the overall attitude of the protesters and the seriousness in which they took their task. “Your daughters and sons are in jail… don’t worry about them. They are suffering for what they believe, and they are suffering to make this nation a better nation”.

On May 10, 1963, the protesters and the Birmingham city officials reached a settlement that desegregated all public facilities in Birmingham. This march of thousands of elementary, middle, and high school students was one of the largest nationwide, ultimately leading to the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom in August in 1963.

2016 Republican Party presidential primaries

The 2016 Republican Party presidential primaries and caucuses were held between February 1 and June 7, 2016. Sanctioned by the Republican Party, this series of elections selected the 2,472 delegates to the Republican National Convention, which selected the Republican Party's nominee for President of the United States.

On May 4, 2016, Donald Trump of New York became the presumptive nominee after his remaining challengers Ted Cruz of Texas and John Kasich of Ohio dropped out.

On March 23, 2015, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas formally announced his candidacy at Liberty University, and in the following months, sixteen more candidates (bringing the total to 17) entered the race: Former Governor Jeb Bush of Florida, neurosurgeon Ben Carson of Florida, Governor Chris Christie of New Jersey, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, businesswoman Carly Fiorina of Virginia, Former Governor Jim Gilmore of Virginia, Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, Former Governor Mike Huckabee of Arkansas, Governor Bobby Jindal of Louisiana, Governor John Kasich of Ohio, Former Governor George Pataki of New York, Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, Former Governor Rick Perry of Texas, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, Former Senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania, businessman Donald Trump of New York, and Governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin.

The total of 17 candidates makes it the 2nd largest presidential candidate field for any single political party in American history.

Before the Iowa caucuses on February 1, candidates Perry, Walker, Jindal, Graham, and Pataki withdrew due to low polling numbers. While leading many polls entering the Iowa caucuses, Trump came in second behind Senator Cruz. Carson dropped out after Super Tuesday on March 4, 2016.

This is an overview of the money used in the campaign as it is reported to Federal Election Committee and released on February 22, 2016. Outside groups are Independent expenditure only committees also called PACs and SuperPACs. Several such groups normally support each candidate but the numbers in the tablet are a total of all of them. This means that a group of committees can be shown as technical insolvent (shown in red) even though it is not the case of all of them.

The Campaign Committees debt are shown in red if the campaign is technical insolvent. The source of all the numbers is Center for Responsive Politics. Jim Gilmore's information is not currently available.

Notes 

After the Iowa primaries, candidates Huckabee, Paul and Santorum withdrew due to poor performance at the ballot box. Following the New Hampshire primary, which was a sizable victory for Trump, candidates Christie, Fiorina and Gilmore withdrew. After the conclusion of the South Carolina primary, Bush withdrew from the race following a second win for Trump. Ben Carson dropped out on March 4, 2016. Marco Rubio dropped out on March 15, 2016 after losing to Trump in his home state of Florida. Ted Cruz dropped out on May 3, 2016 after losing to Trump in Indiana.


2016 Democratic Party presidential primaries

The 2016 Democratic Party presidential primaries and caucuses took place in the United States. It takes place before to the 2016 general election to elect the Democratic Party's nominee for the Presidency of the United States. They were held between February 1 and June 14. President and 2012 nominee, Barack Obama could not stand for re-election due to term limits under the Twenty-second Amendment.

Hillary Clinton, then Secretary of State, decided to run for president in April 2015. Clinton had served as a U.S. Senator (2001–09) and was the First Lady of the U.S. (1993–2001). A January 2013 "Washington Post"–ABC News poll showed that she had high popularity among the American public. This polling data made many political critics and observers to anticipate that Clinton would launch a second presidential bid in 2016, entering the race as the early front-runner for the Democratic nomination.

On May 26, 2015, Independent U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders officially announced his run as a presidential candidate for the Democratic nomination, after an informal announcement in April that year, and speculation since early 2014. Sanders had served as Mayor of Burlington, Vermont (1981–1989), as Vermont's sole U.S. Representative (1991–2007), and as Vermont's junior Senator (2007–present). Bernie Sanders is currently seen as the biggest rival to Hillary Clinton, backed up by a strong grassroots campaign and social media following. His campaign picked up attention and mass support. However, in recent poll numbers, Clinton is leading Saunders nationally by 12.7 percent.

In May 2015, Maryland governor Martin O'Malley announced his campaign. He withdrew after the Iowa primaries. Rhode Island governor Lincoln Chafee announced his campaign in June 2015. After poor polling numbers, he dropped out before the primaries in October 2015. Former Virginia senator Jim Webb announced his campaign in the summer of 2015. He dropped out in October 2015 after a poor debate performance. Professor Lawrence Lessig announced his campaign in September 2015. He dropped out a month later after poor polling numbers.

Superdelegates are elected officials and members of the Democratic National Committee who will vote at the Democratic National Convention for their favorite candidate. Also known as "unpledged delegates," they may change their candidate at any time and talk about one sixth of the delegates to the convention. The table and list below show the current support.



Andy Bathgate

Andrew James Bathgate (August 28, 1932 – February 26, 2016) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played as a right wing. He played 17 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the New York Rangers, Toronto Maple Leafs, Detroit Red Wings and Pittsburgh Penguins.

Bathgate died on February 26, 2016 in his home in Mississauga, Ontario. He died from complications of Alzheimer's disease. He was aged 83. He also had Parkinson's disease.


Tony Burton

Anthony "Tony" Burton (March 23, 1937 – February 25, 2016) was an American actor, boxer and comedian. He was born in Flint, Michigan. He was best known for his role as Tony "Duke" Evers in the "Rocky" series of movies. He was also known for his roles as Wells in "Assault on Precinct 13" and as Larry Durkin "The Shining". 

Burton died on February 25, 2016 at a hospital in Southern California. He died from complications of pneumonia. He was aged 78.


Eri Klas

Eri Klas (7 June 1939 – 26 February 2016) was an Estonian conductor, boxer and educator. He was born in Tallinn. He was best known for his work in leading the Netherlands Radio Symphony Orchestra.

He was a professor at Sibelius Academy from 1993 to 1997 and at the Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre from 1997 until his death in 2016. He was honored with the Order of the Lion of Finland and Order of the White Star in 1992. He was a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. In 1986, he was named a People's Artist of the USSR. He was also a member of the Estonian Olympic Committee.

Klas died in Tallinn on 26 February 2016 from a heart attack. He was aged 76.


Gianni Infantino

Gianni Infantino (; born 23 March 1970) is a Swiss-Italian football administrator. He has been the president of FIFA since 26 February 2016. He was the general secretary of UEFA from 2009 through 2016.

On 26 October 2015, Infantino received the full support of the UEFA Executive Committee to stand for the position of president in FIFA's upcoming Extraordinary Congress. On the same day, he confirmed his candidacy. He was elected president at the Congress on 26 February 2016. The Congress was held with the purpose of reforming FIFA.

Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor

Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are a group of medications. They are usually called SSRIs. They are used to treat depression, anxiety disorders, and some other problems.

In many countries, SSRIs are prescribed more often than any other type of antidepressant.

Examples of common SSRIs are fluoxetine (Prozac), paroxetine (Paxil), citalopram (Celena), and escitalopram (Lexapro).

SSRIs are mainly used to treat:

Antidepressants like SSRIs are a first-choice treatment for people with very bad depression. When a person's depression is not as bad, but counseling has not helped them, antidepressants can help.

Scientists do not agree on whether SSRIs work for mild depression that does not last very long.

SSRIs work well for generalized anxiety disorder. They help decrease people's anxiety. This can help them participate in counseling to learn how to deal with their anxiety.

SSRIs also work well for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). They are the first-choice treatment for people with very bad OCD. Like with depression and generalized anxiety disorder, SSRIs are not a cure; people need to participate in counseling and other treatments too. However, people with OCD who took an SSRI are about twice as likely to do well in treatment than people not taking an SSRI.

Fluoxetine (Prozac) and paroxetine (Paxil) are the only medications the United States Food and Drug Administration has approved for treating post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Medications alone usually will not cure PTSD; they need to be combined with counseling. Except for Prozac and Paxil, most other SSRIs do not seem to help PTSD.

When a person starts to get treatment for bulimia nervosa or binge eating disorder, SSRIs can be a helpful first step. Over short periods of time, they can decrease some of the symptoms of these eating disorders. For example, for a short while, people taking SSRIs do less binge eating. However, SSRIs only seem to help for a short period of time.

SSRIs do not seem to help anorexia nervosa. However, if a person with anorexia also has depression, anxiety, or OCD, SSRIs could help treat those problems.

Research shows that two SSRIs can help treat chronic pain. These SSRIs are paroxetine (Paxil) and citalopram (Celexa). Other SSRIs, like fluoxetine (Prozac), do not help chronic pain.

Another group of antidepressants, called tricyclic antidepressants, treat chronic pain better than SSRIs do. However, tricyclic antidepressants have many more side effects than SSRIs do. Because of this, some doctors prescribe paroxetine or citalopram for chronic pain, because the side effects are not as bad.

Serotonin is an important chemical in the human body. It exists in different parts of the body. In the brain, it helps control a person's mood, appetite, and sleep.

Many researchers think low levels of serotonin in the brain can help cause depression. If a person's brain does not have enough serotonin, the serotonin cannot do its job of controlling their mood. This can make the person depressed. (It can also cause other symptoms of depression, like not having any appetite, not being able to sleep, or sleeping too much - because serotonin controls appetite and sleep too.)

SSRIs increase the amount of serotonin that the brain can use. Researchers think that in depressed people, this brings the amounts of serotonin in their brains back to normal. 

However, depression is complicated. So are the other problems SSRIs treat, like anxiety disorders. There is no one cause for these disorders. They are usually caused by a mixture of things. This is why SSRIs are not a cure. Most people also need counseling to help treat the other causes of their depression, anxiety, or other problems.

Each SSRI has its own possible adverse effects (side effects). It is important to remember that every medication has many possible side effects. This does not mean that everyone who takes the medication will have side effects. It only means that "some" people who take these medications have these symptoms.

Here are some examples of adverse effects that SSRIs can cause.

Taking SSRIs makes children and young adults more likely to think about suicide and try to kill themselves. This is true for young adults up to age 24. 

In 2004, the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) looked at clinical trials on children with major depressive disorder. They found that children taking SSRIs had:

In both the United States and the United Kingdom, only three SSRIs are approved to treat children:

Scientists do not agree on whether SSRIs make adults more likely to think about suicide or try to kill themselves. The FDA says that people over age 24 are not more likely to think about suicide when they take SSRIs.

SSRIs often cause sexual problems. These problems include erectile dysfunction, not being able to have an orgasm, not wanting to have sex, and not enjoying sex. 

Sexual problems are one of the most common reasons why people stop taking SSRIs.

When a person takes SSRIs along with anticoagulant (blood-thinning) medications, they are a little more likely to have bleeding problems. For example, the person is more likely to have bleeding in their gastrointestinal tract, or to bleed after they have surgery. Bleeding problems are most likely in people who:

Most SSRIs can also make a person:

If a person stops taking SSRIs suddenly, they can get serotonin discontinuation syndrome. This can cause:

A person and their doctor should come up with a plan for how to stop taking an SSRI. If possible, the person should slowly decrease the amount of medication they are taking, bit by bit, over a few weeks. 

If a person overdoses on an SSRI, they can poison themselves or even die.

SSRI overdoses can cause:

It is not safe to take some drugs with SSRIs. Taking these drugs with SSRIs can cause serotonin syndrome. Here are some examples of drugs that cannot be taken with SSRIs:



2016 Republican National Convention

The 2016 Republican National Convention was the 41st national convention held by the Republican Party. It was held in Cleveland, Ohio from 18-21 July 2016. The purpose of the convention is for the delegates, who are people who represent someone, to vote for the 2016 presidential and vice presidential nominee for the United States Republican Party.

The candidates were businessman Donald Trump of New York, U.S. senator Ted Cruz of Texas, and Governor John Kasich of Ohio.

There are 2,472 delegates to the Republican National Convention. A candidate therefore needs a majority of at least 1,237 delegates to win the presidential nomination.

The convention was held on July 18 to 21. After the convention, Donald Trump with his running mate Mike Pence won the presidential nomination for the Republican Party.

Arts et Métiers ParisTech

Arts et Métiers ParisTech (ENSAM or École nationale supérieure d'arts et métiers) is a graduate engineering school in France.

It awards the following French & European degrees:

Classes are mainly in French and English. The school has 6300 students from a lot of countries. Most of the students live in dedicated housing buildings nearby.

Research activities at Arts et Métiers ParisTech relate to the following topics:


Suomenlinna

Suomenlinna, known until 1918 as Viapori, known in Swedish as Sveaborg, is a fortress in Finland. It is located on six islands in the sea near Helsinki. 

Construction of the fortress started in 1748 when Finland was still part of the Kingdom of Sweden. Sweden wanted to defend the sea areas against Russia. They also needed a place to fix their military ships. In 1808 Russia ruled Finland. They made the fortress stronger to defend Helsinki, which was now the capital of Finland.

In 1917 Finland became independent. In 1918 Viapori was taken over by the new Finnish government and was renamed Suomenlinna ( meaning "Castle of Finland"). Some of the islands were used as a navy school. There was also a prison, and prisoners worked to repair the old fortress. 

Today, Suomenlinna is one of Finland's most popular tourist attractions. It is only a short ferry ride from Helsinki to visit Suomenlinna. It is a Unesco World Heritage site. It is also a living part of Helsinki city. Around 850 people live there.


Castries

Castries is the capital city of Saint Lucia. Saint Lucia is an island in the Windward Islands, which is part of the Caribbean. Castries has a population of about 3,600 people, about 16,000 live near the city. Castries is known for its port. The main products shipped from there include bananas, sugarcane and rum. 

Distance education

Distance education (or distance learning) is a form of education where the teacher and the student(s) are not at the same physical location.

It follows that the teaching must be done via some kind of medium or a collection of media. Print, movie, television, radio, video chat and computer web sources have been used. In 1840 Isaac Pitman began teaching his shorthand by sending and receiving postcards. His success led to the establishment of correspondence schools.

Distance learning technologies using the Internet are used both for mastering individual advanced training courses for users, taking online courses and for obtaining higher education. The following main forms of distance learning can be distinguished: online and offline. Learning via the Internet has a number of significant advantages:



Platanus

Platanus is a genus of plants, which mostly occur on the Northern Hemisphere. All of them are trees, which reach heights between and . There are eight to ten recent species of "Platanus", and at least three extinct ones. 

In English, these trees are called planes or plane trees. Some North American species are called sycamores, but this name is also used for a species of fig.
The London plane, "Platanus" × "acerifolia", is a hybrid or a cultivar. Exactly what the parents were in uncertain. It was extensively planted on London streets before WWII, but is no longer in favour. The London plane is very tolerant of air pollution and root compaction (small space for roots). For these reasons it was a popular urban roadside tree. Now, however, it is indirectly something of a pest. Aphids in their millions suck sap from its leaves, and drop sugary liquid onto cars parked underneath. Older London streets have virtually no off-road parking.

Karl Dedecius

Karl Dedecius (20 May 1921 – 26 February 2016) was a Polish-born German translator. He translated works of Polish and Russian literature. He was born in Łódź, Poland. In 1959, he published his first anthology, "Lektion der Stille" ("Lesson of Silence"). In 1980, he founded the German Poland Institute in Darmstadt. He served as director from 1980 through 1997.

Dedecius died in Frankfurt on 26 February 2016. He was aged 94.


Tajik language

The Tajik language is the official language of Tajikistan. It is a dialect of the Persian language. It was written in the Persian alphabet until 1928. From 1928 to 1939, it was written mostly in the Latin alphabet until the Soviet government forced Tajiks to write their language in Cyrillic in 1939. Since the fall of the Soviet Union, Tajik continues to be written in Cyrillic, although now it can also be written in the Latin alphabet.

Francisco Rubio Llorente

Francisco Rubio Llorente (25 February 1930 – 23 February 2016) was a Spanish judge and law professor. He was President of the Spanish Council of State between 2004 to 2012. His predecessor and successor was José Manuel Romay Beccaría. He was judge on the Constitutional Court of Spain between 1980 to 1992. He spent the last three of those years as Vice President.

Llorente died in Madrid on 23 February 2016 from heart failure. He was aged 85.

Jack's Big Music Show

Jack's Big Music Show is a children's musical television series that was made for the Noggin channel. It involves a guitarist named Jack, his best friend Mary, and dog Mel. The main characters are all puppets. Each of the characters play music together, as well as music guests who are willing to join in. A singing group called the Schwartzman Quartet also appears in various episodes.


2014 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A

The 2014 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A was the 58th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top-level of professional football in Brazil. Cruzeiro, the defending champions, won the title for the second time in a row and fourth overall. The championship had a break between the ninth and tenth rounds due to the 2014 FIFA World Cup, which was held between June and July in Brazil. Cruzeiro took the lead in round 6 and from then on, staying in that position, winning the title after a 2-1 victory over Goiás in the Mineirão stadium, in round 36.

On the other side of the table, Criciúma, that had been in the relegation zone since round 17, and held the last place since round 30, was relegated after a 1-1 draw against Flamengo, also in round 36. In the following round, Botafogo was relegated after losing to Santos by 2-0. In the last round, Palmeiras, despite only obtaining a draw in its last match, against Atlético Paranaense, guaranteed its survival in the first division after defeats of its competitors, Vitória and Bahia.



2014 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A - Results of first round

This is the Results of the first round of 2014 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

Constitutional right

A constitutional right is a right or freedom which is guaranteed to citizens by that country's constitution. In the United States constitutional rights are guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Most of these rights are contained in the Bill of Rights, the first ten amendments to the US constitution.

For example, nearly half of all the countries in the world have some form of guaranteed right to health care protected by their country's constitution. However, a right to health care is not a constitutional right in the United States. Besides the US, Guatemala, Haiti, Mexico, Bolivia, Costa Rica, Colombia, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Liberia are among those countries where citizens all have a constitutional right to own firearms. But only Guatemala's rights are as broad as the Second Amendment's rights in the United States. The constitutions of about 182 countries guarantee some form of Freedom of religion. The constitutional rights granted by the First Amendment, including freedom of the press, freedom of speech, the right to petition and the freedom of assembly, are almost unique to the United States.

Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Tenth Amendment (Amendment X) to the United States Constitution, which is part of the Bill of Rights, was ratified on December 15, 1791. It helps explain the concept of federalism, the relationship between federal and state governments. The Tenth Amendment clearly states that any remaining powers not delegated to the federal government by the Constitution are reserved for the states or for the people. 

The single point of the Tenth Amendment was to clearly show the balance of power between the federal and state governments as established by the Constitution. It was intended to put to rest any fears the new national government would seek additional powers that the states could then not fully use.

In "Bond v. United States" (2011), Carol A. Bond had been convicted under the federal Chemical Weapons Implementation Act of 1998 for a local assault using a chemical irritant (a chemical that causes skin burns). Bond's attorneys argued the federal law was intended for terrorists and rogue states. Instead, should have been prosecuted under state law. In a unanimous decision, the Supreme Court reversed the decision by the lower court and sent the case back. Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote: "Bond has standing to challenge the federal statute on grounds that the measure interferes with the powers reserved to States..., etc."

Noble metal

A noble metal is a metal that is resistant to both corrosion and oxidation when exposed to air. Metals such as gold, silver, platinum, iridium, rhodium, palladium and rhenium are examples. Sometimes, mercury and copper can be regarded as noble metals. Some metals like titanium are not, even though they are resistant to corrosion. Noble metals are valuable, because they are not commonly found in the Earth's crust. They have many uses in everyday things including chemical engineering, electronics, and jewelry.


Title IX

Title IX (pronounced "title nine") is a portion of the United States Education Amendments of 1972. It was co-authored and introduced by Senator Birch Bayh after the wave of feminist activism led by Bernice Sandler. It was renamed the Patsy Mink Equal Opportunity in Education Act in 2002, after its late House co-author and sponsor. Title IX is a federal law that makes it illegal to discriminate against a person on the basis of sex in any federally funded activity. But even after Title IX was passed by Congress, women's athletic and academic opportunities in American schools still did not equal men's programs.

2014 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A - Results of second round

This is the Results of the second round of 2014 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

Immigration and Naturalization Service

The United States Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) was an agency of the Department of Justice from 1933 to 2003. The agency ceased to exist under that name on March 1, 2003. This is when most of its responsibilities were transferred to three new agencies. These were the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), and U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). All were within the newly created Department of Homeland Security, as part of a major government reorganization following the September 11 attacks of 2001.

In 1890, the federal government, rather than the individual states, regulated immigration into the United States. The Immigration Act of 1891 established a Commissioner of Immigration in the Treasury Department. Immigration was transferred to the United States Department of Commerce and Labor after 1903 and the Department of Labor after 1913. In 1940, with increasing concern about national security, immigration and naturalization was organized under the authority of the Department of Justice.

In 2003 the administration of immigration services became the responsibility of the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services (BCIS), which existed only for a short time before changing to its current name, the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS).

Salman Natour

Salman Natour (July 3, 1949 – February 15, 2016) was a Druze-Palestinian writer and novelist. He was a citizen of Israel. Natour published many books and plays. He wrote in both Hebrew and Arabic. He was mainly known for his work "Granta".

He was born in Daliyat al-Karmel south of Haifa in 1949. He graduated from high school in his hometown, and then went on to university in Jerusalem and later in Haifa. He died on the morning of February 15, 2016 after a severe heart attack.

William O'Brien (Royal Navy officer)

Admiral Sir William Donough O'Brien (13 November 1916 – 19 February 2016) was a British military leader. He was the Commander-in-Chief of the Western Fleet. He was then appointed Naval Secretary in 1964. He was appointed Flag Officer Aircraft Carriers in 1966, Commander-in-Chief of the Far East Fleet in 1967 and Commander-in-Chief of the Western Fleet in 1970. He retired in 1971.

O'Brien died on 19 February 2016 from complications of pneumonia. He had also been suffering from Alzheimer's disease. He was 99.

Rajesh Pillai

Rajesh Raman Pillai (10 July 1974 – 27 February 2016) was an Indian movie director. He was best known for his work in Malayalam cinema. He was known for his movie "Traffic" (2011).

Pillai died on 27 February 2016 at a hospital in Kochi, India. He had liver disease. He was aged 41.

Frank Kelly

Frank Kelly (né Francis O'Kelly; 28 December 1938 – 28 February 2016) was an Irish actor, singer and writer. He worked in television, radio, theatre, music, screenwriting and movies. He played Father Jack Hackett in the Channel Four sitcom "Father Ted". He also played Dermont in "Emmerdale".

Kelly died on 28 February 2016 from a heart attack. The heart attack was a complication of Parkinson's disease. He was 77. He was recovering from bowel cancer and survived skin cancer.

Everest Base Camp

Everest Base Camp is a campsite at the bottom of Mount Everest. There are two of them, located on opposite sides of the mountain. They are used as bases by mountain climbers. The climbers usually rest at base camp for several days to acclimatise. This lowers the risks and severity of altitude sickness. Climbing starts from one of these two camps.

Food and equipment are brought to the South Base Camp by Sherpas or porters, with the help of animals like yaks. The North Base Camp has a track that vehicles can access, but usually only during summer.

Lochner v. New York

Lochner v. New York, (1905), was a landmark decision by the Supreme Court of the United States. The Court ruled a New York State law that set the maximum numbers of hours bakers could work per week was unconstitutional. The Court held that the right of a person to make a contract as a part of his or her business is a liberty protected by the Fourteenth Amendment. With few exceptions this included the right to buy and sell labor. The decision was controversial and it made the Supreme Court an adversary to legislatures for over 30 years. Repeatedly, the Court struck down laws that regulated labor saying they violated the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. This was called the "Lochner Era"; so-named for this decision.

A statute was enacted by the State of New York which limited the number of hours bakers could work to 10 hours a day or 60 hours a week. The law was a part of the Bakershop Act passed in 1895. The Journeymen Bakers’ Union wanted to limit the number of hours a day union bakers could work. Bakers were then typically paid by the day. The work had a number of health and safety risks due to dust, fumes, the heat of the ovens, etc. The lobbying was successful and in May 1895 the Governor of New York signed the bill into law.

Joseph Lochner, a baker in Utica, New York, found the law made it hard to operate his business. He and his bakers often had to work more than 60 hours a week. Lochner was charged with violating the state law. He filed the appeal because he felt the law was unconstitutional because it violated his Civil liberties of "Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness". The case went before the Supreme Court on February 23rd and was decided on April 17, 1905. The is considered one of the most groundbreaking cases in United States history.


Doom (2016 video game)

Doom, known during development as Doom 4, is a first-person shooter game in the "Doom" series from 2016. The game is the second reboot of the "Doom" series and features gameplay similar to the original Doom from 1993. The way "Doom" (2016) was designed was very different from "Doom 3", which was more survival-horror-based and slower paced rather than the usual action-based, faster pace games of "Doom" (1993) and "Doom II". It was released on May 13, 2016. The game can be played on the PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch.

The sequel is "Doom Eternal" and was released in 2020.

To make both fans of the first game and modern gamers happy, the game developers kept many of the old gameplay features and added some new ones as well. Older gameplay features include never reloading your weapon, having all weapons on you at all times rather than just two weapons, having a traditional health bar rather than health regeneration, running at full speed at all times, rewarding offensive gameplay rather than defensive gameplay, and defense being based on strafing (moving out of the way) rather than taking cover. Gameplay features that are new to the series include melee-based finishing moves called Glory Kills, most weapons having two different secondary firing modes that can be bought and switched out at any time, platforming similar to the games, weapon challenges to upgrade your weapons, and arcade-style challenges to upgrade your suit. The art style is also a mix of "Doom" and "Doom 3".

The game has all the weapons from "Doom" and "Doom 2". It also has the Heavy Assault Rifle, which was based on the Assault Rifle in Doom 3. There is also a completely new weapon, the Gauss Cannon. The Chainsaw now has fuel limits, unlike the other Doom games, but it can kill most enemies in one hit, and it also gives the player more ammo pick-ups when he or she is low on ammo. The BFG-9000 also has its own ammo, which can kill every non-boss enemy you can see on-screen. Six weapons have two different mods that can be switched in battle. For example, the Shotgun has both Burst Shot and Grenade Launcher mods.

Like in earlier Doom games, certain weapons share ammo. The Chaingun and Heavy Assault Rifle share bullets, the Combat Shotgun and Super Shotgun share shotgun shells, and the Plasma Rifle and Gauss Cannon share energy cells.

The game begins with the player, the Doom Slayer, wakes up chained to a coffin after hundreds of years being trapped in Hell. A zombie comes to kill the Doom Slayer, but he breaks free from his chains, kills the approaching zombie, and kills the rest of them with the Pistol. In the next room, the Doom Slayer finds his suit of armor, the Praetor Suit, and puts it on. Right after that, the Doom Slayer learns that the UAC lab on Mars has been overrun with demons, and that almost everyone on the base is either dead or they turned into zombies or demons. This is the result of leading scientist Olivia Pierce and her followers performing rituals to unleash Hell on Mars.

The CEO of UAC, Samuel Hayden, tells the Doom Slayer that the UAC was sending workers to Hell to get Argent Energy, an extremely powerful and efficient source of energy, and to do research on captured demons. He says it is absolutely needed to solve Earth's energy shortage. However, it was not his plan to unleash Hell. He tells the Doom Slayer that Pierce went insane and went too far. While the Doom Slayer agrees to help Hayden stop the demons coming on Mars, he also tries to destroy the Argent Energy production as well, which makes Hayden unhappy.

Despite the Doom Slayer's best efforts, Pierce was able to open up the Well, a very large portal of Hell on the UAC base, so that Hell will be unleashed on Mars forever. Even though the Doom Slayer gets sent to Hell, Hayden created a tether system that allows the Doom Slayer to be teleported out of Hell at anytime. Hayden tells the Doom Slayer that there is only one way to shut down the Well, go back to Hell to get a key called the Crucible.

Doom Slayer goes back to Hell by fighting the Cyberdemon, who teleports himself and the Doom Slayer there in the middle of the boss fight. When the Doom Slayer finds the Crucible, it was being guarded by demons called the Argent Guards. The Doom Slayer kills them and gets the Crucible. The Doom Slayer then uses the Crucible to close the portal. After that, he fights Pierce, who has turned into the Spider Mastermind. After he kills Pierce, Hayden teleports him right back to Mars and takes the Crucible from him. With the Crucible, Hayden can restart Argent Energy production. Hayden then teleports the Doom Slayer to an unknown place, and right afterwards, the game's credits are shown.

At sign

The at sign (@), otherwise known as the ampersat, is a logogram. It is used in bills, emails and programming. In email, it is used to show a specific domain of an email address. In bills, it used to mean "at a rate of". For example, 7 widgets @ £2 equals £14. In programming, the at sign has been used in a wide range of programming languages. It was invented by Ray Tomlinson.

It is the ligature form of the Latin word "ad", which means "at".

The sign is one of several special symbols on the standard English keyboard.

Humboldt Current

The Humboldt Current is a cold, low-salinity ocean current. It flows north along the west coast of South America from the southern tip of Chile to northern Peru. Also called the Peru Current, it flows in the direction of the equator. It extends 1,000 kilometers offshore. 

The Humboldt Current is a large marine ecosystem, named after the Prussian naturalist Alexander von Humboldt. It is one of the major nutrient systems of the world, bringing nutrients up into the surface waters of the ocean. This supports an extraordinary abundance of marine life. Upwelling occurs off Peru year-round but off Chile only during the spring and summer. This is because the subtropical center of high pressure is displaced during the summer.

About 18-20% of the world’s fish catch comes from the Humboldt Current. The species are mostly pelagic: sardines, anchovies and jack mackerel. This high productivity supports other important fishery resources as well as marine mammals (eared seals and cetaceans) and seabirds. The cold, nutrient-rich water upwelling to the surface drives the system’s extraordinary productivity.

The Humboldt Current is part of a much larger system, the South Pacific Gyre.

2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A

The 2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A (officially the Brasileirão Petrobras 2011 for sponsorship reasons) was the 55th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top-level of professional football in Brazil. It began on May 21 and was scheduled to end on December 4. Fluminense comes in as the defending champion having won the 2010 season.


2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A - Results of first round

This is the Results of the first round of 2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A - Results of second round

This is the Results of the second round of 2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

Deaths in March 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in March 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































Crimes against humanity

Crimes against humanity are crimes that are committed against a large group of people who have not done anything wrong. Groups who commit crimes against humanity do not hurt just one person, or just a few people. They want to hurt an entire group of people that they do not like. For example, in Nazi Germany during The Holocaust, the Nazis tried to kill all of the Jewish people in Europe. This is an example of a crime against humanity.

Unlike war crimes, crimes against humanity can happen during peace or war, and against people who do not fulfill the criteria of protected persons in an international armed conflict under international humanitarian law.

Not every crime committed against a big group is a crime against humanity. To be crimes against humanity, crimes must be:

Crimes against humanity must also be committed against a civilian population (people who are not soldiers).

Today, crimes against humanity can include:
However, in the past, not all of these things were thought of as crimes against humanity. For example, crimes against humanity were first listed in 1945. However, it was not until 2002 that many forms of sexual abuse (like sexual slavery) were included as crimes against humanity.

The words "crime against humanity" were first used after the Armenian Genocide. In 1915, the government of the Ottoman Empire killed up to 1.5 million Armenian people. The government killed men or made them do forced labor. They also forced Armenian women and children to leave their homes. On the way, the Ottoman military raped, robbed, and killed civilians.

On May 24, 1915, Britain, France, and Russia accused the Ottoman Empire of committing "a crime against humanity."

After World War II ended, many people who participated in The Holocaust were captured and put on trial at the Nuremberg Trials. However, the people running the Trials had to figure out how to deal with the crimes these people had committed during the Holocaust. At that time, courts could try people for war crimes. But the courts had never seen a case where a government committed such awful crimes against its own citizens.

To allow the court to charge the Nazis for these crimes, the court passed a law. This law said that the court could put people on trial for crimes against humanity as well as war crimes. It defined "crimes against humanity" as:
Apartheid is a system of keeping one race separate from another. One race has all the power, and the other race has none. This continues through racist laws and attitudes.

South Africa practiced apartheid for decades. The government passed laws saying that different races could not live in the same areas, have sex, get married, go to school together, go to the same beaches, or even go to the same hospitals. The schools, hospitals, and other places where non-white people were allowed to go were much worse than the places for white people.

In 1976, the United Nations General Assembly ruled that apartheid is a crime against humanity. Part of its ruling said:
"Considering ... that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights and that everyone is entitled to all ... rights and freedoms ... [we] declare that apartheid is a crime against humanity." 

No one has ever been tried for apartheid-related crimes against humanity.

The International Criminal Court (ICC) opened in 2002. Its job is to look into war crimes and crimes against humanity. If possible, it tries and punishes people for these crimes. When the ICC was formed, it created a new list of crimes against humanity. This was the first time that any type of sexual abuse, other than rape, was included as a crime against humanity. The ICC includes all of these as crimes against humanity:

The ICC also includes all of these crimes as war crimes, if they happen as part of a war.

In 2008, the United Nations Security Council ruled that “rape and other forms of sexual violence can [be] war crimes, crimes against humanity or a [part of] genocide.”


Donald E. Williams

Captain Donald Edward "Don" Williams (February 13, 1942 – February 23, 2016) was an American naval officer and aviator, test pilot, mechanical engineer and NASA astronaut. He has a recorded total of 287 hours and 35 minutes in space. He was born in Lafayette, Indiana.

Williams died on February 23, 2016 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida from complications of a stroke. He was 74 years old.


Louise Rennison

Louise Rennison (11 October 1951 – 29 February 2016) was an English author. She wrote the "Confessions of Georgia Nicolson", which was a series for teenage girls. This series records the life of a teenage girl, Georgia Nicolson, and her best friends, the Ace Gang. 

Rennison was born in Leeds. She grew up on a council estate in Seacroft. She lived in New Zealand for part of her teens. During that time she had daughter, whom she gave up for adoption.

Her first and second novels, "Angus, Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging" and "It's OK, I'm Wearing Really Big Knickers" were made into a movie called "Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging". She also wrote a series of books about Georgia's younger cousin, "The Misadventures of Tallulah Casey".

Rennison never married. She died on 29 February 2016.

Vorkuta mine disaster

The Vorkuta mine disaster was a series of explosions that happened in a mine in Vorkuta, Komi Republic, Russia. It killed 36 people on 25 February 2016.

Adriana Benetti

Adriana Benetti (12 December 1919 – 24 February 2016) was an Italian actress. She was known for her roles in "Quattro passi fra le nuvole", "C'è sempre un ma!", "Uno tra la folla" and "Avanti c'è posto...". She was born in Ferrara, Italy. 

Benetti died in Rome on 24 February 2016 from complications of pneumonia. She was 96 years old.

Alan Grayson

Alan Mark Grayson (born March 13, 1958) is an American politician. He was the United States Representative for from 2013 to 2017. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

He last served as Representative for from 2009 to 2011. He was defeated for re-election in 2010 by Republican Daniel Webster. He was then elected in 2012 for another term in the House of Representatives, defeating Republican Todd Long.

In 2014 he defeated Republican challenger Carol Platt to win re-election.

On July 9, 2015, Grayson announced his intentions to run in the United States Senate election in Florida, 2016 to replace Marco Rubio. In 2016, Grayson said he supported Bernie Sanders to be the Democratic nominee for President of the United States.

Tulsi Gabbard

Tulsi Gabbard (born April 12, 1981) is an American politician. She was a member of the Democratic Party until 2022, when she left the party to become an Independent. She was the United States Representative for Hawaii's second congressional district from 2013 to 2021. She was also a vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee until 28 February 2016. She resigned in order to support Senator Bernie Sanders for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination.

Gabbard was elected in 2012. She is the first American Samoan and the first Hindu member of the United States Congress. Along with Tammy Duckworth, she is also one of its first female combat veterans.

In January 2019, Gabbard announced her plans to run for President of the United States in the 2020 presidential election. On October 25, 2019, Gabbard announced that she will not seek another term in Congress. She dropped out from the primaries on March 19, 2020 and announced her support for Joe Biden. After leaving the U.S. House in 2021, she became more conservative on social issues such as abortion and transgender rights and even spoke at the 2022 CPAC.

Gabbard was born on April 12, 1981, in Leloaloa, American Samoa, the fourth of five children. Her father, Mike Gabbard, is of American Samoan descent. She graduated from Hawaii Pacific University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration in 2009.

In 2002, Gabbard ran to represent the 42nd House District of the Hawaii House of Representatives. She won the four-candidate Democratic primary with a plurality of 48% of the vote over Rida Cabanilla (30%), Dolfo Ramos (18%), and Gerald Vidal (4%). Gabbard then defeated Republican Alfonso Jimenez in the general election, 65%–35%. In 2002, at the age of 21, Gabbard had become the youngest legislator ever elected in Hawaii's history and the youngest woman ever elected to a U.S. state legislature. She represented the Oahu 42nd District, which covers Waipahu, Honolulu, and Ewa Beach.

Gabbard strongly supported legislation to promote clean energy. Regarding the environment, Gabbard supported legislation to better protect air quality and the water supply.

After returning home from her second deployment to the Middle East in 2009, Gabbard ran for a seat on the Honolulu City Council. Gabbard finished first with 33% of the vote in the primary. In the November 2 runoff election, she defeated Sesnita Moepono, 58%–42%, to win the seat. Gabbard introduced a measure to help food truck vendors by loosening parking restrictions. She also introduced Bill 54, a measure that authorized city workers to confiscate personal belongings stored on public property with 24 hours' notice to its owner.

In early 2011, Mazie Hirono, the incumbent Congresswoman in Hawaii's second congressional district, announced that she would run for a U.S. Senate seat. Soon after that, in May 2011, Gabbard announced her candidacy for the House seat. Gabbard won with 62,882 votes or 55% of the total. The "Honolulu Star-Advertiser" described her win as an "improbable rise from a distant underdog to victory." Gabbard resigned from the City Council on August 16 to prevent the cost of holding a special election.

Gabbard traveled to Charlotte, North Carolina and spoke at the 2012 Democratic National Convention.

In December 2012, Gabbard was highly thought to be the frontrunner replaced for the U.S. Senator from Hawaii after Daniel Inouye died.

Gabbard was reelected on November 8, 2016, defeating her Republican opponent, Angela Kaaihue, by about 130,000 votes, or 170,848 to 39,668 votes (81.2%–18.8%). Gabbard was overwhelmingly reelected in 2018. She defeated her Republican opponent, Brian Evans, by around 110,000 votes, or 153,271 to 44,850 votes (77.4%–22.6%).

Gabbard is the first Samoan American member of the United States Congress and the first Hindu member of the United States Congress.

In October 2019, Gabbard announced her retirement from congress.

Gabbard, a vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee, was critical of the decision by DNC chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz to hold only six debates during the 2016 Democratic Party primary season, compared with 26 in 2008 and 15 in 2004.

Gabbard resigned as DNC vice-chair on February 28, 2016, in order to endorse Senator Bernie Sanders for the Democratic presidential nomination. She was the first female U.S. Representative to endorse Sanders. At the 2016 Democratic National Convention, Gabbard gave the nominating speech putting his name forward.

On October 19, 2018, Politico announced that Gabbard was "weighing a 2020 presidential bid", and would wait until after the 2018 midterms for an official announcement. On January 11, 2019 interview with CNN, Gabbard confirmed her plans to seek the Democratic nomination and officially announced her candidacy the following week.

After failing to qualify in recent debates or winning any primary contests, Gabbard left the race on March 19, 2020 and supported Joe Biden.

In 2002, Gabbard was a martial arts instructor.

In 2002, Gabbard married Eduardo Tamayo. The couple divorced in 2006. In February 2015, Gabbard got engaged to Abraham Williams, and the two married on April 9, 2015.


Writing's on the Wall (Sam Smith song)

"Writing's on the Wall" is a song by British singer Sam Smith. It was the theme song for the "James Bond" movie "Spectre" in 2015. The song was released as a digital download on 25 September 2015. The song was written by Smith and Jimmy Napes, and produced by Napes, Steve Fitzmaurice and Disclosure. It was released on 25 September 2015.

"Writing's on the Wall" received mixed reviews, especially when compared to other Bond theme songs. The mixed reception to the song led to Shirley Bassey being a popular topic on Twitter on the day it was released. 

The single became the first Bond movie theme to reach number 1 in the UK Singles Chart. It also reached the Top 10 in a few other European countries. Unlike other James Bond themes, it was not as successful outside Europe. It only peaked at Number 43 in Canada and Australia and Number 71 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Only the instrumental version of the song appeared on the movie's official soundtrack album. 

The song won the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song at the 73rd Golden Globe Awards and the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 88th Academy Awards.

Betsy Jochum

Betsy Jochum "Sockum" (born February 8, 1921) is a former American baseball player. She played as an outfielder and pitcher. She played from 1943 to 1948 in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. She was listed at , . She batted and threw right-handed. Jochum played for the South Bend Blue Sox during her whole career.

Jochum was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. She was raised in South Bend, Indiana. 

Repeating decimal

Repeating decimal (or recurring decimal) is a decimal where the number or pattern repeats forever. Repeating decimal is resulted when dividing a number by a number that is not divisible except for certain cases like dividing any number by 5. For example, dividing 7 by 3 would result in a repeating decimal, which is 2.333... or 2.. The number or group of numbers that repeats is called a repetend or reptend and the number of numbers in the repetend is called the period length. For 2., 3 is the repetend and the period length is 1.


Azerbaijani wine

Azerbaijani wines are wines made in Azerbaijan. Azerbaijan is one of the oldest wine-making regions in the world. Azerbaijani wine is made in several areas throughout Azerbaijan.

Azerbaijan has a successful wine industry that dates back to the 2nd millennium BC. Azerbaijan's long history of wine-making was rediscovered at archaeological digs of settlements in Kültəpə, Qarabağlar and Galajig. Archaeologists discovered stone fermentation and storage containers that included remnants and grape seeds dating back to the 2nd millennium BC. The Ancient Greeks were well aware of wine production in the area by at least the 7th century BC according to Herodotus. Later Strabo would comment in the 1st century BC about an Azerbaijani wine known as "Albania". Arabic historians and geographers described the extensive viticulture around Ganja and Barda that was taking place even after Islamic conquest of the area.

Since the end of the Soviet Union and the independence of Azerbaijan, many attempts have been made to revive and modernize the Azerbaijani wine industry. Today vineyards are found in the foothills of the Caucasus Mountains and the Kur-Araz lowlands near the Kura River. In the 21st century, Ganja, Nagorno-Karabakh and Nakhchivan have emerged as centers of wine production in the region.



Urinogenital

Urinogenital is a term for the common urinal and sex passage (opening) in mammals. In females it is called the vagina, and in males it is called the penis. Mammals have a sepate opening for waste (defaecation) called the anus.

The term contrasts with that of reptiles and birds, which have one common opening for sex, urine and defaecation. This is called the cloaca.

Economic system

An economic system is a man-made and malleable system to regulate the production, resource allocation, exchange, and distribution of goods and services in a society or a geographic area.

Trade, money, markets, banks, laws and regulations are all part of an economic system. Examples of economic systems include:


1066 Harold's Way

1066 Harold’s Way is a long-distance path in South East England. It was developed in 2013.

The path goes from Westminster Abbey to Battle Abbey. It goes through London, Kent and East Sussex. The route includes parts of the Thames Path, the Green Chain Walk, the Kent Downs Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) and the High Weald AONB.

1066 Harold’s Way commemorates King Harold II’s march to the Battle of Hastings on 14 October 1066. It is based on the Roman road network that was still being used in 1066. That went from London to Rochester along Watling Street and then south through Maidstone, Staplehurst, Sissinghurst, Benenden and Bodiam, a clear route through the former Forest of the Andreasweald and a route that offers some of the best scenic views for walkers.

The total length of 1066 Harold’s Way is 160 km (100 miles), mainly along Public Footpaths and Public Rights of Way (PRoW) and as a result, is unsuitable for cyclists or riders on horseback.

The route is mixed-category in that it varies throughout the length from footpath (80%) to bridleway, byway and road. Some 15% of 1066 Harold’s Way is along roads, of which almost all are on minor lanes. The route is accessible by public transport.

1066 Harold’s Way links with the 1066 Country Walk.

From Westminster Abbey, 1066 Harold’s Way follows the Embankment and the Thames Path to Greenwich, the O2Arena and the Thames Barrier. It continues to Erith along the Green Chain Walk through Marryon Park, Charlton Park, Plumstead Common, Bostall Woods, and Lesnes Abbey Woods. After Cray Marshes, the path follows the River Darent through Dartford to climb up to the North Downs at Beacon Hill Country Park. It continues through Jeskyn’s Country Park, past the Darnley Mausoleum to join the North Downs Way. It then goes to Rochester along the Strood Community Trail. It ends at Rochester Castle (English Heritage).

1066 Harold’s Way leaves Rochester by the Medway Valley Walk. It joins the North Downs Way (NDW) to go up to Bluebell Hill with views south over the Medway Valley towards Maidstone. Going downhill, it passes Kit's Coty House (English Heritage). It leaves the NDW to follow the path through Cobtree Manor Park joining the River Medway, close to Allington Lock, for the final walk, along the Medway Valley Walk, to Maidstone and The Archbishop’s Palace. The route continues through the Loose Valley Conservation Area up onto the ragstone ridge to join the route of the old Roman road on the descent into the Low Weald. It continues through Staplehurst, Hocker Edge, Sissinghurst Castle (National Trust), Sissinghurst, Benenden, Iden Green and Sandhurst joining the Sussex Border Path to Bodiam Castle (NT). 1066 Harold’s Way finishes at Battle Abbey (EH) where it links with 1066 Country Walk from Pevensey to Rye.

1066 Harold’s Way passes by or overlooks some of the key battle sites in English History including:




Chisholm v. Georgia

Chisholm v. Georgia, , is considered the first great decision by the United States Supreme Court. Given its early date, there was little available legal precedent in American law. It was almost immediately superseded by the Eleventh Amendment.

In 1777, needed supplies for the Revolutionary War were purchased from a South Carolina businessman by the Executive Council of Georgia. The supplies were delivered but Georgia never paid as they had promised. After the businessman's death, Alexander Chisholm, the executor of his estate, took the case to court trying to collect from the state of Georgia. Georgia maintained it was not under the jurisdiction of the federal courts. 

United States Attorney General Edmund Randolph argued the case for the plaintiff before the court. The defendant, Georgia, refused to appear, claiming that, as a sovereign state, it could not be sued without granting its consent to the suit.

In a four to one decision, the court ruled in favor of the plaintiff, with Chief Justice John Jay and associate justices John Blair, James Wilson, and William Cushing constituting the majority. Only Justice Iredell dissented. The court ruled that did not allow the states' sovereign immunity. In short, the Court ruled that Georgia was subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Supreme Court. It granted federal courts the power to hear disputes between private citizens and states.

The resulting public sentiment in favor of states' rights led directly to the passage of the Eleventh Amendment in 1795. In "Hollingsworth v. Virginia" (1798), the court ruled that pending court actions from "Chisholm" were dismissed due to passage of the Eleventh Amendment. This removed federal jurisdiction in cases where citizens of one state or of foreign countries attempt to sue another state.

"Chisholm" is one of only four decisions by the Supreme Court that were overturned by an amendment to the United States Constitution. The other three are:

Arguably, one more case could be added:

Avezzano

Avezzano is a city in central of Italy located in the Province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo Region. About 42,000 people live in Avezzano.

2016 Democratic National Convention

At the 2016 Democratic National Convention, delegates of the United States Democratic Party chose their nominees for President of the United States and Vice President of the United States in the 2016 national election. It was held July 25–28, 2016, at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, with some events at the Pennsylvania Convention Center, beginning exactly one week after the 2016 Republican National Convention. The candidates were former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton of New York, and United States senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont.

There are 4,764 delegates to the Democratic National Convention, so a candidate needs a simple majority of 2,383 delegates including "superdelegates" to win the presidential nomination. On June 6, 2016, Clinton won the 2016 Democratic Party presidential primaries, becoming the presumptive candidate.

Jim Clark (movie editor)

Jim Clark (24 May 1931 – 25 February 2016) was a British movie editor with more than forty feature-movie credits from 1956 to 2008. Clark has also directed eight features and short movies. His best-known works are "Midnight Cowboy" (as creative consultant-1969), "Marathon Man" (1976), "The Killing Fields" (1984), and "Vera Drake" (2004). In 2011, Clark published "Dream Repairman: Adventures in Film Editing", which is a memoir of his career.

2016 Democrats Abroad primary

The 2016 Democratic Party global presidential primary for Democrats Abroad happened March 1–8, 2016. E-mail, fax, and postal voting started January 11 and ended March 8.

Voters voted once for a presidential candidate: either through Democrats Abroad, or through their home state. Those who vote in the Democrats Abroad global presidential primary may vote or caucus for all other candidates for the United States Senate and United States House of Representatives, in their home states. They cannot vote twice for a presidential candidate.

Sanders won the primary by 69% to Clinton's 31% winning 44 out of the 45 international cities.

The results given on 21 March were:

Tasmanian oak

Tasmanian oak (or Australian oak) is hardwood timber made from some types of "Eucalyptus" trees in Tasmania. The trees for making Tasmanian oak are "Eucalyptus regnans", "Eucalyptus obliqua" or "Eucalyptus delegatensis". It is a light-coloured type of wood. It is used for building, furniture and paper.

Wood from the same species of trees in Victoria is called Victorian ash. 

Drush

Drush is a free and open source software application that allows people to install and change drupal websites. The name "drush" means ""dru"pal "sh"ell". People who install drush can do all these things using the command line, or terminal of a computer. This makes managing a website that uses drupal faster and more efficient. According to GitHub, drush has been downloaded more than 788,000 times as of March, 2016.

Drupal

Drupal is a free and open source software application that is installed on servers. When installed and configured, Drupal helps people make websites that are secure, safe, and stable. Drupal also allows users to share modules with each other. Modules are like building blocks that when installed make new features available.

As of February 2016, more than 1.3 million websites use Drupal.
Drupal is well supported, and many high level websites are built with it including whitehouse.gov.

Majority opinion

In law, a majority opinion is a judicial opinion agreed to by more than half of the members of a court. A majority opinion becomes the decision of the court in a matter. It also gives an explanation of the reasons for the court's decision. 

A dissenting opinion is an opinion written by one or more judges expressing disagreement with the majority opinion of the court. Very similar to a majority opinion is a plurality opinion. In this instance, a majority of Justices agree on the result of a case, but do not all agree on the reasons for the result. 

In the United States Supreme Court, a majority of the Justices have to agree with all of the contents of the Court's opinion before it can be published. In a few cases, after reading drafts of the opinions, Justices may switch their votes and what was the minority opinion becomes the majority opinion. No opinion is considered official until it is read in open court or made available publicly.

Normally, appellate courts (or panels) are staffed with an odd number of judges to avoid a tie vote. Sometimes and in some jurisdictions, when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused (excuse) himself or herself from the case, the court may be stuck with a tie. In this situation the decision of the lower Court stands.


Writ

In English common law, a writ is a formal written order issued by a body with administrative or judicial jurisdiction. In modern use this generally is a court. Writs are issued by courts directing the person to whom they are addressed to do something or to not do something. Writs may also be used to direct other courts or public authorities. The authority for a court to issue a writ is given by the All Writs Act which is a United States federal statute originally a part of the Judiciary Act of 1789.

In its earliest form a writ was simply a written order made by the English king to a specified person to undertake a specified action. For example in the feudal era a military summons by the king to one of his tenants-in-chief to appear dressed for battle with his knights at a certain place and time. An early usage survives in the United Kingdom. Also in Canada in a writ of election. This was is a written order issued on behalf of the monarch (in Canada, the Governor General) to local officials (High Sheriffs of every county in historical UK) to hold a general election. Writs were used by the medieval English kings to summon persons to Parliament.

There have been a great many kinds of writs. Some of the more common types still in use are:


Eleventh Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Eleventh Amendment (Amendment XI) to the United States Constitution was passed by Congress on March 4, 1794 and ratified by the states on February 7, 1795. It deals with each state's sovereign immunity and was adopted to overrule the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in "Chisholm v. Georgia".

The idea of sovereign immunity originated in English common law. It was also proposed by political theorists like Thomas Hobbes and Jean Bodin. The founding fathers of the Constitution were aware of the traditional doctrine that states were immune from private lawsuits. Several Anti-Federalists were afraid that Article III, Section 1 of the Constitution, which declares that the federal judicial power extends to suits "between a State and Citizens of another State", would override that doctrine. 

The Eleventh Amendment was a direct reaction to an unpopular ruling by the Supreme Court in "Chisholm v. Georgia" (1793). In "Chisholm" the Court said federal courts had the power to hear lawsuits brought by citizens against US states. Also, that states were not immune to these cases. The Eleventh Amendment reversed this decision and does not allow cases brought against a state by a citizen of another state or country. It says nothing about a citizen bringing a suit against their own state.

In "Ex parte Young", the Supreme Court decision allowed suits in federal courts against officials acting on behalf of states of the union to proceed despite the State's sovereign immunity, when the State acted unconstitutionally.

The Eleventh Amendment is one of five amendments that overturned earlier Supreme Court decisions.


Johnnie Cochran

Johnnie L Cochran, Jr. (October 2, 1937 – March 29, 2005) was an American lawyer. He is most known for his part in the acquittal of O. J. Simpson for the murder of Simpson's ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman.

Cochran also represented many different celebrities and victims. He became known as an early advocate for the victims of police brutality. Cochran helped Sean Combs win an acquittal after being indicted on stolen weapons charges and bribery in 2001. After the case, he decided to retire.

On March 29, 2005, Cochran died from a brain tumor in his home in Los Angeles, aged 67. 


Crypt

A crypt is a room, or group of rooms, underneath a church where bodies are put after a person dies. It usually has coffins, religious items, and other trinkets for the dead.


Pokémon Sun and Moon

On February 25, the games' existence was leaked after the trademarks were found on the EU's Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market's website. "Sun" and "Moon" were officially announced in a Pokémon Nintendo Direct. 

Pokémon Sun and Moon take place in a region called Alola. Alola has warm weather and is made up of four large islands. The player is given a Pokémon and goes on a journey around Alola. The player can catch and raise other Pokémon as they explore. While exploring, the player sometimes has to fight Team Skull. Team Skull are a group of people who want to destroy things and cause trouble. And some Pokémon have a special Alolan form!


Prince Johann Georg of Hohenzollern

Johann Georg, Prince von Hohenzollern ("Johann Georg Carl Leopold Eitel-Friedrich Meinrad Maria Hubertus Michael"; 31 July 1932 – 2 March 2016) was a German prince. Through his marriage to Princess Birgitta of Sweden, he was brother-in-law of King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden.

Prince Johann Georg was the sixth child of Frederick, Prince of Hohenzollern (30 August 1891 – 6 February 1965) and his wife Princess Margarete Karola of Saxony (24 January 1900 – 16 October 1962).

Goerg died on 2 March 2016 in Munich. He was 83 years old.

Stuart Beck

Stuart Jay Beck (December 23, 1946 – March 1, 2016) was an American law practitioner and a diplomat for Palau.

Beck was born in Manhattan. He was raised in Brooklyn.

As a lawyer, Beck helped negotiate the Compact of Free Association, which established Palau as an independent nation in free association with the United States in 1994. He was granted honorary citizenship.

In 2003, he accepted the job as Palau's first Permanent Representative to the United Nations. He had this job until 2013. In 2013, he was appointed as Palau's first ever United Nations Ambassador for Oceans and Seas.

Beck died of kidney cancer on March 1, 2016 in Manhattan, at the age of 69.

Wage

A wage is money that is paid by an employer to an employee in exchange for work. The amount may be fixed for each task completed (this is called piece rate); or it may be based on time or other measurable quantity of work done.

Work for wages is the most common form of work. Because of this, the term "wage" sometimes refers to all forms of employee payment. However, a wage is different to a salary or commission. A salary is where the employer pays an arranged amount at regular intervals (such as a week or month) regardless of hours worked or amount of work done. Commission is usually an extra payment based on the performance of the worker or product. Waged employees may also receive "tips" paid directly by clients. They will usually not get the same benefits as those paid with a salary, such as annual leave and sick leave.

Wages are usually paid by the hour. This is called an hourly wage. Wages paid by the day are still common. Wage rates may be influenced by market forces (supply and demand), laws, and tradition. Market forces are perhaps more dominant in the United States, while tradition, social structure and seniority, perhaps play a greater role in Japan. In many countries, laws set a minimum wage that all employers must pay their workers. This means that employers cannot pay workers a lower rate than the minimum wage; however, they can pay them a higher rate. The minimum wage rate is there to protect the working class.

Wages were paid in the Middle Kingdom of Ancient Egypt, Ancient Greece, and Ancient Rome.


Aubrey McClendon

Aubrey Kerr McClendon (July 14, 1959 – March 2, 2016) was an American businessman. He was the founder and chief executive officer of American Energy Partners. He was also the co-founder and retired chief executive officer and chairman of Chesapeake Energy. He was an outspoken supporter for natural gas as a cleaner and safer alternative to oil and coal fuels. He was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

McClendon was a part-owner of the Oklahoma City Thunder of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and was part of the ownership that moved the team to Oklahoma City in 2008.

On March 1, 2016, McClendon was charged by the United States Department of Justice of conspiring "to rig bids for the purchase of oil and natural gas leases in northwest Oklahoma". He died the following day in a car crash near Oklahoma City. He was 56 years old.

Dionysian Mysteries

The Dionysian Mysteries were a ritual of ancient Greece and Rome celebrating Dionysus. The ritual involved intoxicants (like alcohol) and dancing to music to remove inhibitions and social constraints. It gave freedom to those marginalized by Greek society such as women, slaves and foreigners.

Fetty Wap

Willie Junior Maxwell II (born June 7, 1991), better known as Fetty Wap, is an American rapper and singer. He became famous after his first single "Trap Queen", reached number two on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in May 2015. This helped Wap secure a record deal with 300 Entertainment. He later released two Top 10 singles in the U.S., "679" and "My Way". Wap's self titled first album was released in September 2015. It reached number one on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart.

Fetty Wap's commercial first single, titled "Trap Queen", was released in early 2014. He recorded the song in February 2014. However, it did not gain major recognition until mid-November 2014. Since then, it has become a platinum record and has over 130 million plays on SoundCloud. In November 2014, Wap secured a recording contract with 300 Entertainment. The label was founded by Lyor Cohen, Kevin Liles, Roger Gold and Todd Moscowitz, as well as a distribution deal with Atlantic Records. The song "Trap Queen" is about a woman dealing and cooking crack cocaine. His first mixtape, "Fetty Wap: The Mixtape" was originally set for release in February 2015. It was delayed because he continued to create new songs. In June 2015, Wap was included in "XXL"'s 2015 Freshman Class.

On June 29, 2015, Wap released his second single "679". The song's accompanying music video premiered on YouTube in May, before being commercially released. 679 had an original version with Monty only and an added verse by Wap. The Remy Boyz Version was removed from the album His next single, "My Way", became his second top 10 entry on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Later, Drake remixed My Way and created the version that was then played on radio. Afterwards, "679" reached the Hot 100 Top 10 at number four.

During the week of July 26, 2015 to August 1, 2015, Wap matched Billboard marks by prominent rappers Eminem and Lil Wayne. He became the first male rapper with three songs occupying the top 20 spots on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart since Eminem did so in 2013. He also became the first male rapper in four years to have concurrent singles reach the top 10 of the same chart since Lil Wayne did so in 2011. With his fourth single "Again", Wap became the first act in the Hot Rap Songs chart's 26-year history to chart his first four entries in the top 10 simultaneously.

Wap's first studio album "Fetty Wap" was released on September 25, 2015. The album debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200, with 129,000 equivalent album units (75,484 in pure album sales). Wap subsequently released two mixtapes for streaming only: "Coke Zoo" in collaboration with French Montana and "ZOO 16: The Mixtape" with Zoo Gang. Wap received two nominations at the 58th Grammy Awards.

On February 5, 2016, Fetty Wap released a new single titled "Jimmy Choo". On April 26, 2016, it was announced that Fetty Wap would be getting his own mobile racing game available on phone, tablet, and Apple TV starting on May 3. The game is offshoot of mobile game Nitro Nation Stories. A street racing game, it has multi-player, car customization, and different storylines to choose. It has partnered with automotive brands like BMW, Nissan, and Cadillac. The Fetty Wap version will include Wap and Monty into the storyline.

Wap was featured on the group Fifth Harmony's 2016 single "All in My Head (Flex)". He released the single "Wake Up" in April 2016. The official music video for the song was filmed at his alma mater, Eastside High School. His single "Make You Feel Good" was released in August 2016.

On November 21, 2016, he released a 19 track mixtape titled "Zoovier".

His song "Like a Star" features Nicki Minaj. It was released in December 2016.

On January 4, 2017, he released the song "Way You Are" featuring Monty, and the song "Flip Phone" on February 10, 2017. He walked in Philipp Plein's runway show during New York Fashion Week in the same month.

Wap released the single "Aye" on May 12, 2017. He released the mixtape "Lucky No. 7" on June 7, 2017. On August 18, 2017, the single "There She Go" featuring Monty was released. In October 2017, Wap featured in Cheat Codes' single "Feels Great" with CVBZ.

At 1:20 AM on November 2, 2017, Wap was arrested after being pulled over on a Brooklyn highway. He was later charged with reckless endangerment, drunk driving, aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle, illegally changing lanes, and drag racing.

On January 19, 2018, Wap released the EP "For My Fans III: The Final Chapter". He released the mixtape "Bruce Wayne" in June 2018.

Fetty Wap is the father of seven children. They include Aydin Zoovier (born 2011) with childhood girlfriend Ariel Reese, Eliza "ZaZa" Zaviera (born 2015) with Lehzae Zeona, Amani (born 2016) with Elaynna Parker, Khari (born 2016) with "" star Masika Kalysha, Lauren (2016-2021) with exotic dancer Turquoise Miami, and Alaiya (born 2018) with ex-girlfriend Alexis Skyy. Lezhae Zeona gave birth to her second child with Fetty in 2018, a boy named Zy.

Wap appeared on the third season on VH1's reality show "". The show documented his strained relationship with Masika. He also appeared on the 9th season of documenting his strained relationship with Alexis Skyy.

In August 2021, Wap's daughter Lauren died.

Kentucky State University

Kentucky State University (KSU) is a public university for men and women. It is in Frankfort, Kentucky. The school was founded in 1886. Its original name was the State Normal School for Colored Persons. 

The university has four colleges. It offers four associate degrees, 55 undergraduate degrees and six post-graduate programs.

Golden Gate (Gdańsk)

The Golden Gate is a historical gate in Gdańsk, Poland. It is a stone building with an archway leading into the Old Town. It was built in 1612. It was created in the place of an older 13th-century Gothic gate called the Brama Długouliczna.

Valley of the Queens

The Valley of the Queens ( ) is a place in Egypt where wives of Pharaohs were buried in ancient times. In ancient times, it was known as Ta-Set-Neferu, meaning –"the place of beauty".

X1:G1-Q1-X1:O1-F35-F35-F35
The reason for choosing the Valley of the Queens as a burial site is not known. The place is near the worker's village in Deir el-Medina and the Valley of the Kings. Another consideration may be the existence of a sacred grotto dedicated to Hathor at the entrance of the Valley. This grotto may be associated with rejuvenation for the dead.

The main wadi contains 91 tombs and nearby valleys add another 19 tombs. 

Emergency department

The emergency department (ED) is a part of a hospital for treating people who have just come to the hospital, need to be treated quickly even without an appointment. These people may have been hurt, or they may have suddenly become very ill.

Patients come to an emergency department with little warning. Many come in an ambulance. Emergency departments often have staff working all day and all night, on every day of the week. This is because patients can arrive at any time. To work in those places, doctors and nurses must be trained in emergency medicine.

There are many different names for an emergency department. They are often called an emergency room (ER), even if they are bigger than one room. They may also be called an emergency ward (EW) or emergency unit. In the United Kingdom and Ireland, they are usually called accident & emergency department (A&E) and less often as a casualty department.

A 2005 patient study found an average emergency room wait time from 2 hours in Iowa to more than 5 hours in Arizona. The Midwest had the highest number of emergency room visits (460 per 1,000 people). The West had the lowest number.

Gynecology

Gynecology (also spelled gynaecology) is the part of medicine that deals with the female reproductive system (vagina, uterus, ovaries) and breasts. Outside medicine, it means "the science of women."

Women have started to outnumber men in the study and practice of gynecology.

Transantarctic Mountains

The Transantarctic Mountains are a mountain range in the continent of Antarctica. It divides the continent into eastern and western region. It extends for over 3200 km.

The Antarctic Peninsula to the west is not part of this range.

Life in the interior of the Transantarctic Range is limited to bacteria, lichens, algae and fungi.

The name "Transantarctic Mountains" was first used in 1960, in a paper by geologist Warren Hamilton.

John Singer Sargent

John Singer Sargent (January 12, 1856 – April 14, 1925) was an American artist. He was the leading portrait painter of his day.

During his career, he created about 900 oil paintings and more than 2,000 watercolors, as well as many sketches and charcoal drawings. He travelled worldwide. His parents were American, but he was trained in Paris, and then moved to London.

His "Portrait of Madame X" resulted in scandal, though today it is hard to see why. She was thought to be somewhat loose sexually. In the original portrait as exhibited, one strap of her gown had fallen down her right shoulder. This suggested to some the possibility of further revelation; "One more struggle", wrote a critic in "Le Figaro", "and the lady will be free".

Sargent visited Spain, studied Diego Velázquez, and was entranced with Spanish music and dance. He understood what the Impressionists were doing, and adopted their habit of painting "en plein-air". He was a big fan of Monet, and bought four of his works. His portrait of Monet shows he understood what was going on in French art at the time.

Sergent kept his American citizenship, and went back there four times. However, he remained living in London to the end of his life.

École nationale de la météorologie

École nationale de la météorologie (ENM, French Meteorology University) is a graduate engineering school in France. It has its own campus and also operates on the French Civil Aviation University campus for aviation activities.

It awards the following French & European degrees :

Classes are mainly in French language. The school has 350 students from a dozen countries. Most of the graduate engineer students live in dedicated housing buildings.

Research at the school relate to the following topics:


Two-body problem

The two-body problem is a problem from classical mechanics: there are two bodies which influence each other. Very often they attract or repel each other. In many cases they rotate. The problem uses bodies which are circles, or spheres. Solving the problem is possible for many situations, but it usually involves higher level mathematics.

When one of the two bodies has a mass that is much smaller, the influence of this smaller body on the larger one is very small, and can be disregarded. In such a case, the problem can be reformulated as a one-centre problem, where there is a stationary big body in the centre, and a small body orbiting around the big one. This setting is very comon. Johannes Kepler was the first person to formulate and solve it. For this reason, it is also known as Kepler problem.

Isaac Newton was the first person to solve to the general two-body problem.

Looking at the generalizations, there are two other problems which are related:

Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Twelfth Amendment (Amendment XII) to the United States Constitution was proposed in Congress on December 9, 1803. It was ratified by the state legislatures on June 15, 1804. It provided new procedures for electing the President and Vice President. Before the amendment, each member of the Electoral College cast a single vote. The candidate who received the largest number of votes became the President. The candidate receiving the next highest number of votes became the Vice President. The Twelfth Amendment changed the process to the current system whereby one vote is cast for the President and one for the Vice President.

The Constitutional Convention of 1787 went over several different proposals for electing the President. Some wanted Congress to choose the President. Other suggestions included selection by the state legislatures, by the state governors or by a congressional committee. Near the end of the convention the question was turned over to a committee called the Committee of Eleven for leftover business. They devised a system called the Electoral College. The plan was accepted and was added to the Constitution.

In 1789 the Electoral College unanimously elected George Washington as the first president. He was reelected in 1792. In both cases he was the only president to receive all of the electoral votes. In the 1796 election, Washington declined to run. His Vice President, John Adams, and his running mate Thomas Pinckney ran for President and Vice President respectively. Alexander Hamilton tried to use his influence to get Pinckney more votes, making Adams the Vice President again. But the scheme backfired when Thomas Jefferson got more votes than Pinckney, but Adams won more of the electoral votes. This made Adams the President and Jefferson the Vice President.

The 1800 Presidential election showed the deep problems in the electoral college system. Jefferson ran against Adams again. Both had running mates. Pinckney was again the running mate of Adams for the Federalist Party. Aaron Burr was Jefferson's running mate for the Democratic-Republican Party. Jefferson and Burr received the same number of votes creating a tie between two candidates from the same political party. Under the Constitution, the matter was to be decided by the House of Representatives. In the House, the two tied again in 35 votes. Only on the 36th ballot was the deadlock broken and Jefferson was elected president. 

The solution to the problem became the Twelfth Amendment. It was proposed by Congress on December 9, 1803. Three days later it was submitted to the states for ratification. Fourteen of the seventeen states (at the time) ratified it and the amendment was added to the Constitution on September 25, 1804.

The Electoral College remained much the same under the Twelfth Amendment. But the process for choosing a president and vice president changed. Under the Twelfth Amendment an elector must cast separate votes for the President and Vice President. If nobody gets the majority of the votes, the process remains the same as before; the House of Representatives decides.


South by Southwest

South by Southwest (SXSW) is a set of festivals and conferences. They are about movies, interactive media, and music. It takes place every year in March in Austin, Texas, United States. It began in 1987. It has continued to grow in both scope and size every year.

South by Southwest is run by the company SXSW, Inc.

SXSW Music is the largest music festival in the world. It had more than 2,000 performances in 2014.

In 1987, 700 people attended the music event. In 2009, there were over 32,000 registrants.

Bands must pay for their own travel and lodging at the event. All performers get a cash payment ($100 for solo musicians or $250 for bands) or a wristband that gives them access to all music events.

SXSW Film Conference lasts for five days. There are speakers, workshops, mentor sessions and more, with expert filmmakers and industry leaders.

In 2015, there were over 250 sessions with 735 speakers. Important speakers in the past include Lena Dunham, Jon Favreau, Mark Duplass, Ava DuVernay, Ryan Gosling, Nicolas Cage, Alejandro Jodorowsky, Tilda Swinton, Amy Schumer, Sally Field, Joss Whedon, Christine Vachon, RZA, Matthew McConaughey, Danny Boyle, Seth MacFarlane, Catherine Hardwicke, Richard Linklater, David Gordon Green, Harmony Korine, Henry Rollins, Sarah Green and Robert Rodriguez.

The SXSW Film Festival runs nine days. The SXSW Film Awards is on the last day of the Film Conference.

In 2015, the SXSW Film Festival showed 150 feature movies and 106 short movies. They were selected from 7,361 submissions. Past movies that premiered at SXSW include "Furious 7", "Neighbors", "Chef", "21 Jump Street", "The Cabin in the Woods", "Bridesmaids" and "Insidious", and the TV series "Girls", "Silicon Valley" and "Penny Dreadful".

Although the film festival often shows independently produced movies, studios have often shown their comedies there before they are released. They do this to get an idea of how popular the movie will be in theaters.

SXSW Interactive is about new technology. The festival includes a trade show, speakers, parties, and a startup accelerator. According to a festival organizer Louis Black, SXSW Interactive "has probably been the biggest of its kind in the world" since 2007.


Optimization (disambiguation)

Optimization or optimisation may refer to:

Janusz Bolonek

Januariusz Mikołaj "Janusz" Bolonek (6 December 1938 – 2 March 2016) was a Polish Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Huta Dłutowska, Poland. He worked in diplomacy for the Pope. Among other positions, has served as nuntius in Uruguay, Bulgaria, Romania, and in North Macedonia.

Bolonek was made a priest in 1961 in Łódź, Poland. He retired as Apostolic Nuncio in 2013. He died in Łódź on 2 March 2016 of cancer. He was aged 77.

Benoît Lacroix

Benoît Lacroix (8 September 1915 – 2 March 2016) was a Canadian theologian, philosopher, and Dominican priest. He was a professor in Medieval studies and historian of the Mediaeval period at the Université de Montréal. He was the author of almost 50 works and a great number of articles. He was born in Saint-Michel-de-Bellechasse, Quebec.

Lacroix died in Quebec on 2 March 2016 from problems caused by pneumonia. He was 100 years old.

Ashok Ghosh

Ashok Ghosh (2 July 1921 – 3 March 2016) was an Indian Bengali politician. He was the senior leader of All India Forward Bloc political party. He held the position of the state general secretary of Forward Bloc in West Bengal from 1946 until his death in 2016.

Ghosh died in Kolkata from multiple organ failure on 3 March 2016. He was 94 years old.

Natalia Krachkovskaya

Natalia Leonidovna Krachkovskaya (, maiden name - Belogortseva, 24 November 1938 – 3 March 2016) was a Soviet and Russian actress. She was awarded the Meritorious Artist in 1998. She was born in Moscow. She became famous during the 1970s with roles in the movies "The Twelve Chairs" and "".

Krachkovskaya died on 3 March 2016 in a hospital in Moscow from a heart attack. She was aged 77.

École nationale supérieure de Bordeaux

The École nationale supérieure d'électronique, informatique, télécommunications, mathématiques et mécanique de Bordeaux (ENSEIRB - MATMECA) is a graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus at Talence (West France).

It awards the following French & European degree :

Classes are mainly in French and English. The school has 1200 students from a dozen nationalities. Most of the first year students at ENSEIRB-MATMECA live in dedicated housing buildings nearby research labs.

Research activities at ENSEIRB - MATMECA relate to the following topics:


Arjun Bijlani

Arjun Bijlani (born 31 October 1982) is an Indian television actor. He played Aalekh in "Right Left" and Mayank Sharma in "Miley Jab Hum Tum". His other work includes "Jo Biwi Se Kare Pyaar". In April 2015, Bijlani played Shikhar Mehra in "Meri Aashiqui Tumse Hi". He plays the lead role of Hritikh in the television drama "Naagin".

Bijlani was born on 31 October 1982. He has appeared in many advertisements, including LG, Samsung and BPL Mobile. He has been in many music videos. He was in "Kartika", a Disney Channel show, with Jennifer Winget. He has been in many serials, including "Miley Jab Hum Tum,Pardes Mein Mila Koi Apna". He also hosted a show named "Road Diaries".

He is married to Neha Swami and they have one children Ayaan Bijlani.


Torres Strait Islands

The Torres Strait Islands are a group of at least 274 small islands in the Torres Strait. Most of the islands are part of the state of Queensland, Australia. A small number are part of Papua New Guinea. 

The indigenous people of the islands are Torres Strait Islanders. In 2011, the population was 4,248. The island with the most people is Thursday Island.

Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Adopted on March 30, 1870, the Fifteenth Amendment (Amendment XV) to the United States Constitution granted African-American men the right to vote. It was one of the Reconstruction Amendments.

Nowhere in the original Constitution or the Bill of Rights were Americans given the right to vote. The Fifteenth Amendment gave African-American men the right to vote. But not until the 1960s did judicial interpretation of the Fourteenth Amendment conclude the right to vote was a fundamental right of all citizens.

The reasons behind the omissions of voting rights in the Bill of Rights and Constitution is that including them would have been too controversial at the time. Each state had different rules for who could vote. Some allowed free blacks the right to vote. Others allowed women the right to vote. A few states required ownership of property in order to vote.

In the Election of 1868, Republican Party candidate, Ulysses S. Grant, won the presidency by only a narrow majority of the popular vote. He received support from free black voters in the South. Without that support, he probably would have lost the election. At the time blacks could not vote in the Northern states. The Republican party needed help to stay in power and thought that black votes would help. At the time Republicans controlled both the Senate and House. The proposed amendment was passed by Congress in 1869 and sent to the states for ratification. It was quickly ratified by three-quarters of the states in early 1870. Part of the reason why is that Republicans also controlled the state governments in the South. Southern Democrats were not able to block the measure.

After passage, the Fifteenth Amendment did not have much of any impact on black voting in the South for nearly a century. Southerners used various methods including terrorism, poll taxes and grandfather clauses to prevent blacks from voting. Congress and the Supreme Court repeatedly struck down voting restrictions. For example, in a landmark decision in "Smith v. Allwright" (1944), The Court decision made it unconstitutional to keep African-Americans from voting in a Democratic Party primary in Texas. Congress passed the Civil Rights Act of 1957 which stated that all Americans had the right to vote, including African-Americans. But overcoming these problems on a case-by-case basis was proving to be unsuccessful. As soon as one form of discrimination was stopped, a new one appeared in its place. The Voting Rights Act of 1965, removed further barriers to minorities voting. It was amended five times by Congress to extend its protections as needed.


Solar eclipses on Mars

The two moons of Mars—Phobos and Deimos—are much smaller than the Moon, greatly reducing solar eclipses on that planet.

Phobos is only 20 by 25 km (12 by 16 mi) and has a rapid orbital motion, so someone on Mars would only see the solar eclipse for no longer than about thirty seconds. Phobos also takes only 7 hours 39 minutes to orbit Mars, while a Martian day is 24 hours 37 minutes long, meaning that Phobos can create two eclipses per Martian day. 

Deimos is too small, 15 by 10 km (9.3 by 6.2 mi), to cause an eclipse. The best someone on Mars would see would be a small object passing the Sun.

Both moons are too small to cast a shadow on Mars that can be seen from Earth. However, since the creation of artificial satellites, the shadow of Phobos on Mars has been seen.

War of the Oranges

The War of the Oranges, or the War of the grapefruit was a brief conflict in Alentjo in 1801. French and Spanish troops invaded Portugal. Portugal was the last British ally in Europe. Napoleon and the Spanish prime minister and Generalissimo Manuel de Godoy demanded that she break her alliance with Britain. When the Portuguese refused they invaded. While laying siege to Elvas Godoy picked oranges from the outside of Elvas and sent them to the Queen of Spain, Maria Luisa, possibly his lover, with the message that he would go on to Lisbon. Thus, the conflict became known as the "War of the Oranges".

On 6 June 1801 Portugal agreed to the Treaty of Badajoz. Portugal agreed to close its ports to English ships, to give commercial concessions to France, to cede Olivenza to Spain and to pay an indemnity.

Deadpool (movie)

Deadpool is a 2016 American superhero comedy movie. It is based on the Marvel Comics's character Deadpool. The movie was directed by Tim Miller and it was produced by Simon Kinberg, Ryan Reynolds, and Lauren Shuler Donner. It was Miller's first movie as a director. A sequel movie titled "Deadpool 2" was released in 2018.

"Deadpool" was first premiered at Le Grand Rex in Paris on February 8, 2016. It was released in North America on February 12, 2016. Principal photography for the movie started in Vancouver on March 23, 2015 and ended on May 29, 2015.

Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds) is a former Special Forces operative who now works as a mercenary. His world comes crashing down when evil scientist Ajax (Ed Skrein) tortures, disfigures and transforms him into Deadpool. The rogue experiment leaves Deadpool with accelerated healing powers and a twisted sense of humor. With help from mutant allies Colossus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead (Brianna Hildebrand), Deadpool uses his new skills to hunt down the man who nearly destroyed his life.


The movie got positive reviews from critics and audiences. It has a 83% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" said that the movie was "party time for action junkies" and also that Reynolds may have found the role that defines his career.


Bud Collins

Arthur Worth "Bud" Collins, Jr. (June 17, 1929 – March 4, 2016) was an American journalist and television sportscaster. He was best known for his tennis commentary. Collins was born in Lima, Ohio. For several years with the "Boston Globe", he was a general and political columnist. In 1967, he was a candidate for mayor of Boston.

Collins died on March 4, 2016 in Brookline, Massachusetts. He was aged 86.


Sophie Dessus

Sophie Dessus (24 September 1955 – 3 March 2016) was a French Socialist politician. She was born in Suresnes, France. She represented Corrèze's First Constituency in the National Assembly, the first woman to represent Corrèze in the National Assembly. She served from 20 June 2012 until her death in 3 March 2016.

Dessus died in Limoges, France of cancer on 3 March 2016. She was aged 60.


Abbas Vaez-Tabasi

Ayatollah Abbas Vaez Tabasi (, 25 June 1935 – 4 March 2016) was an Iranian cleric. He holds memberships at different institutions. He was the Grand Imam and Chairman of the Astan Quds Razavi board from 1979 until his death in 2016. He was born in Tabas, Mashhad.

Tabasi died from respiratory failure in Mashhad, Iran on 4 March 2016. He had lung cancer. Tabasi was aged 80.


P. A. Sangma

Purno Agitok (P. A.) Sangma (1 September 1947 – 4 March 2016) was an Indian politician. He was born in Assam, India. He served as the Speaker of the Lok Sabha from 1996 to 1998 and Chief Minister of Meghalaya from 1988 to 1990.

Sangma died on 4 March 2016 in New Delhi, India from a heart attack. He was aged 68.

Hayabusa (wrestler)

Ezaki debuted for New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) at the 1994 Super J Cup, losing in the first round to Jushin Thunder Liger. He started wrestling under the Hayabusa gimmick in 1993 while he was working in Mexico.

In October 2001, Ezaki suffered a career-ending injury when he tried to perform a springboard moonsault off the middle rope, lost his footing, landed on his head, and cracked two of his vertebrae which left him paralyzed. In 2015, Ezaki had regained the use of his legs and was able to stand on his own and walk with a cane.

On 3 April 2015, Hayabusa took part in a press conference which announced the return of FMW. He had served as the executive producer of the promotion.

On 3 March 2016, Ezaki died from a subarachnoid hemorrhage at age 47. He was found dead in his home by the owner of a tavern that he was supposed to do a small concert for that day, but did not show up.

Mandalay

Mandalay ( or ; ) is a city in Myanmar. There is only one city in Myanmar that has more people than Mandalay. It is north of Yangon. Mandalay is on the east side of the Irrawaddy River. In 2014, there were 1,225,553 people living there.

The name "Mandalay" comes from the nearby hill called Mandalay Hill. "Mandalay" may come from the Pali language. Some people think that the name "Mandalay" comes from the Pali word "mandala". Other people think that the name comes from "Mount Mandara". Mandar is a mountain in Hindu mythology.

The original name of the city was Yadanabon (, ). This name came from the Pali word "Ratanapūra" (). "Ratanapūra" means "City of Gems." The city also had another name: Lay Kyun Aung Myei (, ). This means "Victorious Land over the Four Islands."

Mandalay was started by King Mindon. He started the city on 13 February 1857. He built Mandalay as the new capital city of the Kingdom of Burma.

Mindon's city was in size. There were rivers on each side. It had 144 square blocks in a grid. In the middle was a palace that was 16 square blocks in size.

The palace had four walls that were each long. Around the walls was a moat that was wide and deep. Each wall had turrets (towers) for watchmen. These turrets were placed every . Each turret had a spire made of gold. Each side had three gates and five bridges across the moat.

The king also built some other buildings in the city. These buildings were the Kuthodaw Pagoda, the "Pahtan-haw Shwe Thein" upasampada hall, the "Thudamma" "Good Dharma" zayats (), and a library for the Pāli Canon. A "zayat" is a building where Buddhism is taught.

In June 1857, the king moved the royal palace to Mandalay. The palace had been in Amarapura. The building was taken apart. Each piece was moved by elephants to Mandalay. The palace was put back together and finished on 23 May 1859. The palace is now at the bottom of Mandalay Hill.

Mandalay was the capital for 26 years. It was the last royal capital of the Konbaung Dynasty. (The Konbaung Dynasty were the last rulers of the Kingdom of Burma before it was taken over by the British Empire.) On 28 November 1885, the British conquered Burma. This ended the Third Anglo-Burmese War. King Thibaw Min and Queen Supayalat were sent into exile.

Mandalay was still an important city in British Burma. The city of Rangoon became the capital of Burma.

The British wanted to make Mandalay an important commercial city. They did not want it to be important for politics, education, or other reasons. Mandalay was connected to Yangon by railroad in 1889. The first college in Mandalay wasn't built until 1925.

The royal palace was looted by the British. All of the treasures were stolen. Some treasures can be seen in the Victoria and Albert Museum. The British changed the name of the palace to Fort Dufferin. British soldiers used the palace as a barracks (a place to camp.)

Mandalay was the most important city for Burmese culture during the time the British were in charge. It was also the most important place for Buddhist learning. The Burmese people saw Mandalay as a symbol. Between World War I and World War II, there were many protests in Mandalay against the British.

During the time the British were in charge, many people moved to Mandalay from India. (India was also a British colony.) From 1904 to 1905, a plague happened. About one third of the people of Mandalay left to get away from the disease.

During World War II, Mandalay was bombed by the Japanese. The British moved all of their airplanes to India. Mandalay had no defenses against the Japanese air raids. On 3 April 1942, the Imperial Japanese Army Air Service bombed the city. Three-fifths (3/5) of the houses were destroyed. More than 2,000 civilians (people who are not military) were killed.

The Japanese soon invaded Burma. The Imperial Japanese Army took over the city of Mandalay. They were in charge from May 1942 until March 1945. The palace citadel was made into a supply depot. (A supply depot is a building that stores supplies like food and machines.)

The Allied forces bombed the city after the Japanese took it over. Much of the palace was destroyed. Only the royal mint and watch tower were not destroyed. The palace was rebuild in the 1990s.

In 1948, the British left Burma. Mandalay was still the most important city for culture, education, and commerce in Upper Burma.

Until the 1990s, most students went to university in Mandalay. Until 1991, there were only three universities in Upper Burma: Mandalay University, The University of Medicine, Mandalay, and the Defense Services Academy. All of these universities are in Mandalay. Only some other cities had schools called "Degree Colleges." These were small schools that were part of Mandalay University. These colleges had classes in a small number of subjects.

From 1962 to 1988, Ne Win was in charge of the government. He was very isolationist. This means that he did not want Myanmar to be part of global trade or tourism. In the 1980s, Mandalay was the second biggest city in Myanmar. It looked like a town with low buildings, dusty streets, and more bicycles than cars.

During the 1980s, there were two big fires. In May 1981, a fire destroyed more than 6,000 buildings. 36,000 people were left homeless. On 24 March 1984, there was another fire. This fire destroyed 2,700 buildings. 23,000 more people were made homeless.

Fires are still a big problem. In February 2008, there was another big fire in Mandalay. It destroyed the Yadanabon Market. This was the second-biggest market in the city. In February 2009, a fire destroyed 320 houses. More than 1,600 people were made homeless.

The fires during the 1980s destroyed a lot of buildings. This made a lot of land empty. Many Chinese people in Burma bought this land. A lot of these people had come from Yunnan in China. Many Chinese people came to Upper Burma and Mandalay from Yunnan and Sichuan in the 1990s. 250,000 to 350,000 people from Yunnan came to Mandalay in the 1990s. Today, about 30% to 40% of the people of Mandalay are Chinese. The native Burmese people complain that Mandalay is now like a part of China.

The Chinese have rebuilt the parts of the city that burned down. They built apartment buildings, hotels, and shopping centers. They helped make Mandalay again an important city for trade and commerce. It now connects trade for Upper Burma, Lower Burma, China, and India.

Mandalay has grown much bigger over time. It now includes what used to be Amarapura. (Amarapura was where King Mindon's capital city used to be before he moved it to Mandalay.) Mandalay celebrated its 150th birthday on 15 May 2009 at 4:31:36 am.

There are many important places and buildings in Mandalay.

The royal palace in Mandalay is a very important building. A lot of it was burned down during World War II. The royal mint and watch tower did not burn down. The rest of the buildings were rebuilt.

The Mandalay Palace's name in Burmese is "Mya Nan San Kyaw" ( ; "The Famed Royal Emerald Palace"). It is also called (), or the "Great Golden Royal Palace".

Today the palace is an important symbol of Mandalay. Many tourists and visitors come to see it.

The Atumashi Monastery is a Buddhist monastery. A monastery is a building where monks (holy men) live, work, and pray. This place is a "kyaung", a special kind of monastery. The name means "inimitable "vihara"."

The monastery burned down in 1890. Only the plinth (bottom platform) did not burn. The government decided to rebuild the monastery. They started building on 2 May 1995. It was finished being built in June of 1996.

Mandalay Hill is a big hill in Mandalay. It is a holy hill. There is a legend about the hill. The Buddha visited the hill and made a prophecy. He said that some day a great city would be built at the bottom of the hill.

The hill is tall. There is a road to the top. There are many temples, monasteries, and pagodas built on the hill.
The Kuthodaw Pagoda is a very large pagoda. It was built by King Mindon in 1857. It was designed to look like the Shwezigon Pagoda in Nyaung U.

There are 729 rocks around the pagoda. Each rock is smooth and has writing on it. The writing are the words of the "Tipiṭaka". (The "Tipiṭaka" are the Buhhdist holy books.) These stone rocks are the "world's largest book."

The Mahamuni Buddha Temple is one of the most important Buddhist temples. It has an important Buddha statue. The statue was made during the life of the Gautama Buddha. The Gauthama Buddha hugged the statue seven times. This caused the statue to come to life.

Buddhists believe that the statue is alive because of this. They call it the Mahamuni Sacred Living Image. This makes the Mahamuni Temple the most holy pagoda in Mandalay.

The temple was built by King Bodawpaya in 1784. The Buddha is sitting. It is tall.

Near the bottom of Mandalay Hill is the Kyauktawgyi Pagoda. It was built by King Mindon from 1853 to 1878. It was carved out of one big block of marble. Around it are 80 arahants.

The Yadanabon Zoological Garden is a small zoo in Mandalay. It is in between the palace and Mandalay Hill. It is the only zoo in the world that has Burmese roofed turtles.

The Shwenandaw Monastery (, ; lit. "Golden Palace Monastery") is an important Buddhist monastery. It was built by King Thibaw Min in 1880. It is made from teak, a kind of wood. Inside of it are many carvings on the walls and roofs. The carvings show Buddhist myths.

In 2007, the United Nations (UN) guessed that there were about 1 million people living in Mandalay. In 2014, the Myanmar government counted all of the people in the country for a census. They found that there were 1,225,133 people living in Mandalay then. The UN thinks that there will be 1.5 million people in Mandalay in 2025.

Mandalay has always been an important city for the Bamar people. Most of the people who have lived in Mandalay are Burman people. Lots of Chinese people have been moving to Mandalay. The Chinese have been coming for the past 20 years. Now there are more Chinese people than Burman people in Mandalay.

Today, 40-50% of the people in Mandalay are Chinese. About 30% of Mandalay's people are Yunnanese. The rest of the people in Mandalay are probably Burman. There are also a lot of Burmese Indians in Mandalay. (These are Indian people who live in Myanmar.)

People in Mandalay speak the Burmese language. A lot of people also speak the Standard Chinese language. The Chinese language is used a lot in markets like Zegyo Market. People who have a lot of money and education also speak the English language.

Mandalay is in the country of Myanmar. It is by the side of the Irrawaddy river. Its coordinates are 21.98° North, 96.08° East.

The city is above sea level. It is in the same time zone as the rest of Mandalay: Myanmar Standard Time (MST), .

Mandalay is on a tectonic fault. This means that there are two tectonic plates that come together underneath the city. (A "tectonic plate" is a big piece of earth.) The tectonic fault underneath Mandalay is called the Sagaing Fault. It is where the India Plate and the Sunda Plate meet.

A lot of earthquakes happen on tectonic faults. The biggest earthquake in Mandalay happened in 1956. That one was a magnitude 7 earthquake. That earthquake did a lot more damage to the city of Sagaing, which is nearby. It is now called the "Great Sagaing Quake."

Mandalay has a tropical savanna climate. This means that the city has a wet season and a dry season. There is a lot of rain during the wet season. There is very little rain during the dry season. The wet season is from May to October. The dry season is from November to April.

The coldest month is January. The average temperature is . The hottest month is April. Then, the average temperature is .

It is very hot in April and May. Most days it is hotter than . Some days it is hotter than .

The hottest temperature ever in Mandalay was . The coldest temperature ever was .

There are some important books and poems that talk about Mandalay. Some of these are famous.

Rudyard Kipling wrote a poem called "Mandalay." He wrote it in 1890. This poem has a famous saying in it: "on the road to Mandalay."

In 1907, Oley Speaks wrote a song using the words of the poem. He called the song "On the Road to Mandalay." The song is very famous. Frank Sinatra sang the song and called it "Come Fly with Me".

George Orwell wrote a novel called "Burmese Days". He wrote it in 1934. Orwell was part of the Indian Imperial Police. He was stationed in Mandalay. The novel is about his experiences (what he did and saw.) He also wrote some non-fiction essays and short stories. Some of these are "A Hanging" (1931) and "Shooting an Elephant" (1936).

Mandalay has three twin towns:


Act of Congress

An Act of Congress is a statute enacted by the United States Congress according to the powers granted to it by the Constitution of the United States. The term can be used in other countries with a legislature called a "Congress," such as the Congress of the Philippines. But most often the term is associated with the United States Congress. In the US, there are several steps from a bill or resolution becoming a law. It must first be passed by a majority of both of the houses of Congress. Then the bill or resolution is sent to get signed by the President. It becomes an Act of Congress by either the president's signature or, if the President does not return the bill or resolution within ten days.

Senators and Representatives create thousands of written proposals each year for new laws. Called bills, only a few few ever make it all the way through the process to become a law. The Constitution requires only three steps: passing the House, passing the Senate and approval by the President. The actual process has become much more complicated. 

A bill may be proposed by anyone but only a member of Congress, called the bill's sponsor, may introduce them on the floor of one of the houses of Congress. A bill may be introduced in both the Senate and House at the same time. In theory, this saves time over sending it though one house, then the other. In each house of Congress, a bill is sent to a committee. A committee studies the bill and recommends changes. If a committee does nothing, the bill is considered "dead". A committee may also add other unrelated provisions to a bill called amendments. Committees usually divide themselves into smaller groups called subcommittees. The bill's sponsors then try to convince the subcommittees to approve the bill. They do this through hearings. If the bill passes through a committee it is sent to the floor for debate and a vote. A bill may either be passed by be defeated. If passed, it is sent to the other house of Congress to follow the same procedures.

In addition to bills, Congress also passes Acts of Congress called resolutions. There are three kinds: simple resolutions, joint resolutions and concurrent resolutions.

These are resolutions concerning the operation of either house of Congress. They are not sent to the President for his approval. Resolutions by the House of Representatives which affect that house are designated "H.Res." followed by a number. Simple resolutions in the Senate are designated "S. Res." followed by a number.

A joint resolution may start either in the House or Senate. They are essentially the same as a bill. The only difference is a joint resolution that proposes an amendment to the US Constitution. They require a two-thirds majority vote in each house. Like a simple resolution, they are not sent to the President for his signature. They become effective when they are ratified by three-quarters of the states. A joint resolution that began in the House of Representatives is designated "H.J.Res." followed by the number. A joint resolution started in the Senate is designated "S.J.Res.", followed by the number. Joint resolutions become law the same as bills.

Concurrent resolutions start with either "S.Con.Res." (Senate) or "H.Con.Res." (House). They are numbered consecutively as they are introduced. Concurrent resolutions are those that affect the operations of both the House and Senate. They can also be used to create a temporary joint committee. Concurrent resolutions are not sent to the president for his signature and do not have the force of law.


Jeff Weaver (political staffer)

Jeffrey "Jeff" P. Weaver (born 1966) is an American political adviser. He was the campaign manager for the Bernie Sanders presidential campaign in 2016. Weaver served as the campaign manager during Bernie Sanders' successful Senate run in 2006. Weaver also served as chief of staff in Sanders’ House and Senate offices.

Weaver was born in St. Albans, Vermont. He studied at Boston University, the University of Vermont, and Georgetown University.

Asta Nielsen

Asta Nielsen (11 September 1881 – 24 May 1972) was a Danish silent movie actress. She was very popular in the 1910s. She was one of the first international movie stars. Nielsen was in 74 movies. 70 were in Germany where she was known simply as "Die Asta" ("The Asta"). She had large dark eyes, a face like a mask and a figure like a boy. Nielsen most often played strong and passionate women trapped by tragic lives. Her performances were erotic so Nielsen's movies were heavily censored in the United States. Therefore, she was not very famous there. Nielsen started her own movie studio in Berlin in the 1920s. She went back to Denmark in 1937 after Nazism became a problem. Later in life, Nielsen became a collage artist and an author.

F. Lee Bailey

Francis Lee Bailey Jr., commonly referred to as F. Lee Bailey, (June 10, 1933 – June 3, 2021) was an American criminal-defense lawyer. Bailey was born in Waltham, Massachusetts. He worked in Massachusetts and Florida.

Bailey represented Doctor Sam Sheppard on appeal after Sheppard was convicted of murdering his wife. Bailey managed to get Sheppard a retrial, in which Bailey was successful in getting Sheppard acquitted. Bailey was the lead lawyer in successfully defending in the court martial for the My Lai Massacre. Bailey, along with others, successfully defended O. J. Simpson in the trial where Simpson was accused of murdering his ex-wife, Nicole Brown.

In 2014, the Maine State Bar Association and the Maine Supreme Judicial Court denied Bailey's petition to have his law license reinstated.

Bailey died in Atlanta, Georgia on June 3, 2021, one week before his 88th birthday.

Stuffed animal fetishism

Stuffed animal fetishism (or "plushophilia") is a sexual attraction to stuffed animals. People who have this fetish are sometimes called "plushies". People who have a stuffed animal fetish are sometimes thought of as furries.

Albert Einstein Square

Albert Einstein Square (, "Kikar Albert Einstein") is a public square in Jerusalem, Israel. it is located in the entrance of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities at the Talbiya neighborhood in Jerusalem.

Albert Einstein visited Palestine in 1923 for 12 days. He gave the first lecture at the Mount Scopus campus of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. 

Einstein was in favor of the Hebrew University, as well as Zionism and education in general. This is the reason the square is named for him. Also, a statue of Einstein is nearby in the gardens of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities.

Sixteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Ratified on February 3, 1913, the Sixteenth Amendment (Amendment XVI) to the United States Constitution allows the Congress to impose a federal income tax. This allows the federal government to collect a tax on personal income, no matter where that income came from. The Sixteenth Amendment overturned the 1895 Supreme Court landmark decision in "Pollock v. Farmers' Loan & Trust Co". In "Pollock", the Court ruled that a 2 percent tax on incomes over $4,000 was unconstitutional. This was because the law the ruling struck down did not allow for apportionment, the court ruled against it. The Sixteenth Amendment allowed Congress to levy a uniform direct income tax without being subject to apportionment.

When the framers of the Constitution were determining how the new government would be funded, they were trying to avoid a tax based on a person's income. In the Constitution, Article one, Sections 2 and 9 created the "rule of apportionment". On a practical basis this required Congress to tax the states based on each state's population instead of a tax on each person's income or property. For example, if a state made up four percent of the total population, they would be required to pay four percent of the total federal tax. The framers of the Constitution expected direct taxes to be used and defined the term broadly. However, they did not see that apportionment would cripple any attempt to collect direct taxes.

Before 1913, the bulk of federal revenues came from indirect taxes on goods. These include tariffs on goods imported into the country. They also included excise taxes on items like whiskey. Income taxes were not new in 1913. Congress had passed the Revenue Act of 1861 during the Civil War to help pay for the war. Ten years later it was allowed to lapse. The Confederate States of America also had an income tax. Starting in 1863, the tax exempted the first $1,000 and charged a 1% tax on the first $1,500 over the exemption. A 2% tax was levied on all income over that amount.

In 1894, Congress passed the Wilson–Gorman Tariff Act which included a flat rate federal income tax of 2 percent. A year later, the Supreme Court handed down their decision in "Pollock v. Farmers' Loan & Trust Co.". They ruled the tax unconstitutional because it was a direct tax and not apportioned to the population of each state.

On June 16, 1909, President Taft sent a message to the Senate which read:

The largest and most direct effect of the passage of the Sixteenth Amendment was it shifted power from the states to the national government. States had income taxes before the national government did. This kept the national government weaker due to having less revenue than the states. Without the Sixteenth Amendment, the national government would find it far more difficult to extend its military power to other parts of the world.

Def Jam Vendetta

Def Jam Vendetta is a 2003 professional wrestling video game published by Electronic Arts and developed by AKI Corporation and EA Canada. It was released for the PlayStation 2 and Nintendo GameCube. "Def Jam Vendetta" was released on March 31, 2003 in North America, May 23, 2003 in PAL regions, and on August 21, 2003 in Japan. It featured hip hop musicians from the Def Jam Records label as fighters. The engine for the game was first designed for a sequel to EA's "WCW Mayhem", but EA lost their WCW license when WCW was bought by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) in 2001.

IGN rated the game a 8.9 out of 10. Jon Robinson of IGN said that the multiplayer was "smooth" and "slick". GameSpot rated the game 8.4 out of 10. Alex Navarro of GameSpot said "As a wrestling game, Def Jam Vendetta manages to succeed on most every level, providing surprisingly deep gameplay, quality graphics and sound, and a distinctive atmosphere".

Hassan al-Turabi

Hassan 'Abd Allah al-Turabi (c.1932 – 5 March 2016) was a Sudanese religious and Islamist political leader in Sudan. He has been called "one of the most important figures in modern Sudanese politics". He was born in Kassala, Sudan. Al-Turabi was leader of what was called the National Islamic Front (NIF). He served as Speaker of the National Assembly serving from 1996 through 1999. He later served as Secretary General of the Popular Congress Party from 1999 until his death in 2016.

Al-Turabi died in Khartoum, Sudan on 5 March 2016. He was aged 84.

Berta Cáceres

Berta Isabel Cáceres Flores (4 March 1971 – 2 March 2016) was a Honduran environmental activist and indigenous leader of the Lenca people. She was co-founder and coordinator of the Council of Popular and Indigenous Organizations of Honduras (COPINH). She won the Goldman Environmental Prize in 2015.

On March 2, 2016, two armed intruders shot Cáceres to death in her home in La Esperanza, Honduras, after years of threats against her life. She was 44 years old.

Spaghetti strap

A spaghetti strap is a support for clothing with very thin straps. It is often used for garments such as swimwear, camisoles, crop tops, bras, cocktail dresses, and evening gowns.

Alcohol by volume

Alcohol by volume (often shortened to ABV) tells how much ethanol there is in an alcoholic drink. The quantity is measured at a temperature of .
Common levels of alcohol are 3-5 percent for cider, 4-7 percent for beer, and 12-14 percent for wine. Distilled alcoholic drinks ( called spirits) contain more than twenty percent ethanol.

A directive of the European Union of 1976 says that the alcohol content of alcoholic drinks must be measured using the ABV measurement described above.

Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac (1777-1850) and Johann Georg Tralles (1763-1822) developed other means of measuring alcohol content. These units are usually measured in degrees, noted °GL, or °GT. The scale Gay-Lussac developed is almost equal to the ABV scale described above. There may be slight different, because Gay-Lussac measured the alcohol content at 15° centigrade, and not 20°.


Yakutia Airlines

Yakutia Airlines ("Авиакомпания Якутия") is a Russian airline. It started in 1992 with the name "Sakha Avia". In 2002, the name was changed to "Yakutia Airlines". Today, Yakutia goes from Russia to Asia, Europe and the USA.

Barren Island

Barren island is in the Andaman and Nicobar group of islands. India's only active volcano is there.

Hanalei, Hawaii

Hanalei is a census-designated place in Kauai County, Hawaii, United States. The population was 444 at the 2020 census. Hanalei means "lei making" in Hawaiian. "Hanalei" also means "crescent bay," coming from the shape of Hanalei Bay.

Hanalei is located next to Hanalei River on the north shore of the island of Kauai.

According to the United States Census Bureau, Hanalei has a total area of 0.72 square miles (1.86 km), of which 0.68 square miles (1.75 km) is land and 0.04 square miles (0.10 km) is water. The total area is 5.4% water.

People from the Russian Empire lived here in the 19th century. In 1815 the German physician Georg Anton Schäffer, who worked with the Russian-American Company, came to Hanalei to get goods taken by Kaumualii. Schäffer got involved in Hawaiian politics and heard of Kaumualiʻi's plan to take back his kingdom of Kauai from Kamehameha I with the help of the Russian Empire. Kaumualiʻi later signed a "treaty" granting Tsar Alexander I protectorate over Kauai. An area near Hanalei used to be part of Russian America.

At the 2020 census, there were 444 people, 165 households and 113 families residing in Hanalei. The population density was 656 per square mile (253/km²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 64% White, 12% Asian, 8% Pacific Islander, <2% from other races, and 14% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6% of the population.

There were 165 households of which 27% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52% were married couples living together, 18% had a female householder with no husband present, 22% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32% were non-families.

As of 2022, the median household income was $97,292, and the median family income was $95,417. About 6% of families and 7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 and older.

The climate of Hanalei is mild.

Probability density function

In probability and statistics, a probability density function is a function that characterizes any continuous probability distribution. For a random variable "X", the probability density function of X is sometimes written as formula_1. The integral of the probability density function in the interval formula_2 yields the probability that a given random variable with the given density is contained in the interval provided. By definition, the probability density function is non-negative throughout its domain, on which the integral sums up to 1. 

The probability mass function is to a discrete probability distribution what the probability density function is to a continuous probability distribution. The probability density function is necessary to be able to work with continuous distributions. 

A random variable with a continuous probability distribution can take on any value within that distribution. Casting a dice will give the numbers 1 to 6, with a probability of formula_3, but this is not a continuous function, as only the numbers 1 to 6 are possible. 

In contrast, two people will not have the same height or the same weight. Using a probability density function, it is possible to determine the probability for people between and , or between and , even though there are infinitely many values between these two bounds.

Model airplane

A model airplane is a small sized Unmanned Aerial Vehicle. It may be a replica of an existing airplane or an imaginary aircraft.

Model aircraft are generally divided into two basic types, flying and non-flying. Non-flying models are also called static, display, or shelf models. Flying models range from simple toy gliders to powered scale models. Some can be very large, especially when used to simulate the conditions of a real flight. Static models range from mass-produced toys to highly accurate models used for museum display.

Aircraft manufacturers and researchers use wind tunnel models. They are used for testing new designs and development of new ones. Sometimes only part of the aircraft is modeled.


Heidi Cruz

Heidi Suzanne Cruz (née Nelson; born on August 7, 1972) is an American investment manager at Goldman Sachs. She is the spouse of Republican Texas senator and 2016 U.S. presidential candidate Ted Cruz.

Heidi Suzanne Cruz was born on August 7, 1972 in San Luis Obispo, California, and grew up in a Seventh-day Adventist family. Cruz's interest in politics began when she traveled to Washington, D.C. with her parents when she was 8.

She graduated with a B.A. in Economics and International Relations from Claremont McKenna College in 1994. She was active in Claremont McKenna's Republican group, but was asked to resign after spying on Bill Clinton's campaign for reelection. In 1995, she received a Masters of European Business from Solvay Brussels School of Economics and Management in Brussels, Belgium and in 2000, she graduated with a M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.

Heidi married Ted Cruz on May 27, 2001. Heidi met Ted Cruz while the two were working together on George W. Bush's 2000 presidential campaign. In April 2008, Cruz gave birth to her first child, Caroline Camille Cruz. Her second daughter, Catherine Christiane Cruz, was born in 2011.

In 2003, she worked for the Bush administration on economic policy, eventually becoming the director for the Western Hemisphere on the National Security Council under National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice in 2003. She left Washington DC in 2004 to support Ted Cruz's run for elective office in Texas.

Cruz has worked for three investment banks, JP Morgan Chase, Merrill Lynch, and Goldman Sachs.

In 2005, she joined Goldman Sachs, serving as a private wealth manager and is currently the Region Head for the Southwest Region in the Investment Management Division of Goldman Sachs in Houston.

Ted Cruz said that the decision for him to run for president was difficult for his wife, because she was busy with her business career and raising their 2 children. She changed her mind after listening to a CD from her sister-in-law.

Cruz was involved in her husband's run for president. She made a few public appearances without him to help with the campaign. She also ran a lunch for Republican women in Reno, Nevada a few days before the Nevada primary.

Aki Kaurismäki

Aki Kaurismäki (born 4 April 1957 Orimattila, Finland) is a movie director and a screenwriter from Finland. In his movies he shows understanding of people who are not very successful in life. He writes in the style of black comedy.

Kaurismäki made his first movie in 1983. It was based on "Crime and Punishment" by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.

"The Man Without a Past" won the Grand Prix award in the Cannes Film Festival in 2002. It was also an Academy Award nominee for best foreign language movie. The plot is about a man who lost his memory, but gets help from many people whom he meets.

Other Kaurismäki movies include "Leningrad Cowboys Go America" (1989), about a rock and roll band, and "Drifting Clouds" (1996) about how an unemployed couple manages in life.


Aleksis Kivi

Aleksis Kivi , born Alexis Stenvall, (10 October 1834 – 31 December 1872) was a Finnish writer. He wrote plays and poems and the first significant novel in the Finnish language, Seven Brothers (Finnish title: Seitsemän veljestä). He is considered one of the greatest authors in Finland.

Kivi was born in Nurmijärvi. He lived in time when all educated people in Finland spoke Swedish. He was the first professional writer who published his works in Finnish. Kivi, Mikael Agricola and Elias Lönnrot are regarded fathers of a national literature in Finnish.

Kalabhavan Mani

Mani Raman (1 January 1971 – 6 March 2016), commonly referred to by his stage name Kalabhavan Mani, was an Indian movie actor and singer. Mani started his career as a mimicry artist with the Kalabhavan troupe. 

Mani was in over 200 movies. He was known for his character and villain roles. He won the National Film Award and Kerala State Film Award in 1999 for his role as Ramu in "Vasanthiyum Lakshmiyum Pinne Njaanum".He also acted in many Tamil films starring villain role.

Mani died in Kochi, Kerala on 6 March 2016. He had liver disease. Mani was aged 45.

Ray Tomlinson

Raymond Samuel Tomlinson (April 23, 1941 – March 5, 2016) was an American programmer. He created the first email system on the ARPANET system in 1971. He used the @ sign to separate the user from their machine, which has been used in email addresses ever since. He was added into the Internet Hall of Fame. He was born in Amsterdam, New York.

Tomlinson died of a heart attack in Lincoln, Massachusetts. He was aged 74.

Albert Edelfelt

Albert Gustaf Aristides Edelfelt (21 July 1854 – 18 August 1905) was a Finnish painter. He painted a lot of history subjects and portraits.

Edelfelt studied and exhibited in Paris. He was invited to paint portraits of many famous people abroad. This way culture of Finland became famous many years before the country became independent.

Edelfelt was above all a painter, but he also worked as a graphic artist and illustrator. His famous works include the illustrations for Johan Ludvig Runeberg's partiotic collection of poems, the 'Ensign Stål' stories (1894 - 1900).

Reince Priebus

Reinhold Richard "Reince" Priebus ( ; born March 18, 1972) is an American attorney and politician. He was the 27th White House Chief of Staff from January 20, 2017 through July 31, 2017. He has been the chairman of the Republican National Committee (RNC) from January 20, 2011 to January 20, 2017.

On November 13, 2016, President-elect of the United States Donald Trump announced that Priebus would serve as his White House Chief of Staff. Since the position does not need a full senate confirmation vote, Priebus became Chief of Staff on January 20, 2017.

On July 28, 2017, Trump fired Priebus with John F. Kelly as White House Chief of Staff, making him the shortest serving Chief of Staff in White House history.

Priebus was born in Dover, New Jersey. He was raised in Netcong, New Jersey and in Wisconsin. Priebus studied at the University of Wisconsin, Whitewater and at the University of Miami.

On December 5, 2010, Priebus stepped down as general counsel for the Republican National Committee (RNC). The next day he sent a letter to all 168 voting members of the RNC announcing his candidacy for chairman. On January 14, 2011, after seven rounds of voting, Priebus was elected chairman of the Republican National Committee.

In December 2015, Priebus publicly criticized then Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's proposal to temporarily suspend Muslim immigration in response to terrorist attacks. "I don't agree", Priebus told "The Washington Examiner".

On November 13, 2016, Trump announced his choice of Priebus for White House Chief of Staff.

He was sworn in by Vice President Mike Pence on January 20, 2017.

On July 31, 2017 Priebus was replaced as Chief of Staff by President Trump with John F. Kelly.

In February 2021, it was reported that Priebus was thinking about running for Governor of Wisconsin against Democratic Governor Tony Evers in the 2022 election.

In 1999, Priebus married Sally L. Sherrow, whom he met in church when they were teenagers. They have two children. Priebus is a Greek Orthodox Christian.


Finnhorse

The Finnhorse or Finnish Horse is a horse breed developed in Finland. The Finnhorse is the national horse breed of Finland. It is suitable both for riding and to pull vehicles in races and as a workhorse.

Studbook of Finnhorses was founded 1907. The horse is 156 cm high. It has many colours, but the main colours are brown and black. The Finnhorse has often white markings on the face and the legs.

Kenneth M. Curtis

Kenneth Merwin Curtis (born February 8, 1931) is an American lawyer and former politician. He was born in Leeds, Maine.

Curtis, a member of the Democratic Party. He was the Secretary of State of Maine serving from 1965–1966. He became the 68th Governor in 1967. He held that office until 1975. Curtis served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee from 1977 to 1978. He was the Ambassador to Canada from 1979 to 1981.

Curtis now lives in Florida. He is a superdelegate.


Excise

An excise or excise tax is an indirect tax charged on certain goods. As an indirect tax, they are charged by the producer or the merchant who then has to pay the government. For the same reason they are also not considered a sales tax. Excise taxes are commonly part of the retail price of a product such as gasoline, alcohol or cigarettes. Excise taxes may be charged by both state and federal governments.

Excise taxes are different from sales tax in two important ways. First, excise is charged only on specific goods. Sales tax can apply to most things a person might buy although certain jurisdictions may exempt food or clothing. Excise taxes are usually applied to luxury goods or products linked to health issues such as tanning salons or cigarettes. Secondly, sales tax is charged as a percentage of the purchase price. An excise tax is usually a fixed amount added to the price. It can be hard to tell how much excise tax a person pays because it is part of the purchase price. Sales tax is added to the price and is usually shown on the receipt.

In the United States, excise taxes make up about 4 percent of all federal revenues. This is lower than many other countries. The Constitution refers to excise tax as an indirect tax. Some states in the United States have different names for excise taxes. For example, in the state of Massachusetts the excise tax charged on automobiles is called an "ad valorem tax".


Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Ratified on April 8, 1913, the Seventeenth Amendment (Amendment XVII) to the United States Constitution 
changed the method by which United States Senators were elected. For the first 125 years of the Constitution required US Senators to be elected by the state legislatures. A number of problems in the United States Senate created the need to change how Senators were elected from indirect to direct elections by the people of the United States.

When the Constitution was adopted in 1788, Senators were to be elected by the state legislatures. This remained in effect for 125 years. By the late 19th century it became clear there were many problems with this procedure. In addition to long vacancies that lasted for months and even years, political machines had gained control over state legislatures. This corrupted the process and the Senate was seen as a "millionaire's club" who served private interests instead of the people. Beginning in the 1890s, the House of Representatives passed several resolutions for a constitutional amendment which proposed Senators be elected by direct election. The Senate refused to even take a vote on these proposals.

At this point, many states changed their strategy. Article Five of the United States Constitution offers two methods for amending the Constitution. In addition to the common method of a two-thirds vote by both houses of Congress, was another method. It stated that if two-thirds of the state legislatures apply for one, Congress must call a constitutional convention. The method had not been used before. When it appeared two-thirds of the states wanted the change, Congress acted. 

Joint resolution 39 was passed by the House of Representatives in 1911 proposing a constitutional amendment to directly elect US Senators. The Senate accepted the resolution but since it included a change, it went back to the House. The amended Joint resolution was sent to the states for ratification a year later. The required three-quarters of the states ratified the amendment and the Seventeenth Amendment became official on April 8, 1913.

The people of the United States are to elect two Senators from each state, for six years. Each Senator will have one vote in the Senate. There are 100 Senators and 100 votes. "The electors in each State shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures" means that anyone who can vote in a state election in their state, may also vote for a Senator. In the archaic language of the Constitution this was written in such a way to allow for states having different qualifications for persons eligible to vote for their Senator.

The clause. Previously, when vacancies occurred, several state legislatures were not able to agree on who would fill the position. Before the Seventeenth Amendment, vacancies could last for months and even years in some cases. Under the Seventeenth Amendment, if a Senator dies or has to leave office, his state governor may appoint a temporary Senator until a special election can be held. 

This is a simple addition to prevent the passage of the Seventeenth Amendment from interrupting the election or term of any Senator chosen before the amendment was passed. The United States Senate elections, 1914 were the first nationwide popular elections for Senators.


Resolution

Resolution may refer to:







WWE 2K16

WWE 2K16 is a 2015 professional wrestling video game published by 2K Sports and developed by Yuke's and Visual Concepts. It was released for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows. It is the seventeenth game in the "WWE games" series. "WWE 2K16" was released on October 27, 2015 in North America, October 30, 2015 in Europe, and on October 29, 2015 in Australasia. It will be released for Windows on March 11, 2016. Stone Cold Steve Austin is featured on the cover of the game.

It was announced by 2k that "WWE 2K16" would have the "largest roster in the game's history", featuring over 120 playable characters, and almost double the 67 that were in "2K15".

The game received mixed reviews. IGN rated the game a 8.8 out of 10. Vince Ingenito of IGN said that the game was a "step in the right direction" for the series. He said that he liked the gameplay and the roster features, but did not like the overall inconsistency with the game. GameSpot rated the game a 4 out of 10. Don Saas of GameSpot said that he liked the 2K Showcase mode and the Jim Ross returning on commentary but also said that "Little else in the game makes much of a positive impression."


Kirby: Planet Robobot

Kirby: Planet Robobot is an action platform video game. It was published by Nintendo and developed by HAL Laboratory. It was released for the Nintendo 3DS on April 28, 2016 in Japan and on June 10, 2016 worldwide.

The game was revealed during a Nintendo Direct on March 3, 2016.

The gameplay of "Planet Robobot" is like the last game, "". It uses the Nintendo 3DS's 3D system by having Kirby move into the background and foreground in levels. Like most games in the series, Kirby is able to eat enemies and spit them out to attack. He can also swallow them to get their powers. Players can also get items and abilities by using Amiibo figures. The game adds a mech suit called the Robobot Armor that Kirby can use, allowing him to break some things, lift heavy things, and defeat big enemies. Like Kirby, the Robobot Armor can get versions of these abilities by scanning enemies. This can be used to attack enemies and solve puzzles. Code Cubes are hidden in every level. They are needed to beat the game and unlock bonus levels. They can also be used to get stickers. These stickers can be put on the Robobot Armor.

"Planet Robobot" has two minigames: "Team Kirby Clash" and "Kirby 3D Rumble". "Team Kirby Clash" is an action role-playing game in which up to four players pick a character class and work together to fight big bosses. "Kirby 3D Rumble" is a single-player game in which Kirby must move through a 3D area to kill enemies as quickly as possible. Beating the main game unlocks two more modes. One is "Meta Knightmare Returns", where players play as Meta Knight in a harder version of the main game. The other is "The Arena", where players fight multiple bosses with limited healing. The game also supports StreetPass and Miiverse.

A very big spacecraft called the Access Ark takes over and mechanizes Kirby's home, Planet Popstar. King Dedede and Meta Knight try to fight back, but Dedede's castle and Meta Knight's airship are both blown up. Kirby is sleeping the whole time. He wakes up and sees that his planet's energy is being stolen and goes to take care of it.

Kirby breaks the Access Ark's five legs all over Planet Popstar. He gets the Robobot Armor while doing this. The Robobot Armor is a mysterious power suit that makes his ability-copying power stronger. Kirby also finds an alien secretary named Susie. She claims to be taking natural resources from the planet's ecosystems for her boss, President Max Profitt Haltmann. He is the person in charge of the Access Ark, and has been following the business plans of a supercomputer named Star Dream.

After breaking all five legs and making the Access Ark unable to move, Kirby goes into the Ark and meets Haltmann. Haltmann fires Susie for not stopping Kirby. He then fights Kirby in his own power suit but is beaten. Haltmann then attempts to use Star Dream to kill Kirby, but is stopped by Susie. However, Star Dream becomes self-aware, takes over Haltmann's body, and attacks Susie. Star Dream then says that all living things are in the way of their plan and tries to destroy a bunch of galaxies. Meta Knight then comes back with a repaired version of his airship and Kirby combines it with his Robobot Armor to fight Star Dream.

Kirby fights and breaks Star Dream, but it comes back and takes control of the Access Ark. Star Dream goes on a rampage and damages Meta Knight's airship, but Meta Knight shoots Kirby out of it. Kirby then breaks the supercomputer with a very big drill. After Star Dream falls apart, Kirby's dying Robobot Armor uses the last of its power to send him back to his home.

"Kirby: Planet Robobot" received positive reviews. "GameSpot" said that they liked the gameplay, level design, characters, art, music, and extra modes, but didn't like how easy the game was. "IGN"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Brendan Graeber liked the 3D-based puzzles in really nice-looking worlds, boss fights, the Robobot mech, and additional modes, but disliked the game being so easy. Ollie Barder of "Forbes" gave it a good review, saying it is like the mecha anime series "Gurren Lagann".

It had sold 300,479 copies in Japan by June 2016. It sold 1.36 million copies by the end of March 2017.

Flint water crisis

The Flint water crisis is a drinking water contamination crisis in Flint, Michigan which began in April 2014. When the city changed its water source from treated Detroit Water and Sewerage Department water to the Flint River, it created a serious public health danger. 

In Flint, between 6,000 and 12,000 children have been exposed to drinking water with high levels of lead. They may experience serious health problems. The water change is also a possible cause of an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease that has killed 10 people in the county.

On January 5, 2016, Michigan Governor Rick Snyder declared a state of emergency for Flint. President Barack Obama declared a federal state of emergency. He authorized additional help from the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Department of Homeland Security almost two weeks later.

Legionnaires' disease

Legionnaires' disease is a form of pneumonia caused by any type of "Legionella" bacteria. Over 90% of cases are caused by "Legionella pneumophila". 

The length of time between exposure to the bacteria and the appearance of symptoms is generally two to ten days. It can be as much as 20 days. People with Legionnaires' usually have fever, chills, and a cough. Some also have muscle aches, headache, tiredness, loss of appetite, diarrhea or vomiting.

People of any age may have Legionnaires' disease. It is most common in middle aged and older people.

Marley Shelton

Marley Eve Shelton (born April 12, 1974) is an American television and movie actress. She began her acting career in 1991. She has acted in different movie genres. She played Amanda in "Grand Canyon". She also played Tricia Nixon Cox in "Nixon" (1995). voice roles include, Nutri Ventures, The Powerpuff Girls as additional adr voices.

Shelton was born in Los Angeles, California.

LaWanda Page

LaWanda Page (October 19, 1920September 14, 2002), born Alberta Peal, was an American actress and comedienne best known for her role as Aunt Esther in the 1970s TV sitcom "Sanford and Son". She later reprised the role in "Sanford Arms" and "Sanford".

She was born on October 19, 1920 in Cleveland, Ohio. Page was raised in St. Louis, Missouri. LaWanda Page and Redd Foxx were very close friends from the time they were pre-teens. They attended school and grew up together in St. Louis. Later on, they both entered the field of comedy separately and performed stage acts. Page later recorded several live comedy albums for the Laff Records label in the late 1960s and early 1970s under the LaWanda stage name. One release, a gold-selling album called "Watch It, Sucker!", was titled after one of her Aunt Esther character's catchphrases to capitalize on her newfound TV fame. During her tenure as a stand-up comic, which lasted all the way to the 1990s, she was often called "The Queen of Comedy", or "The Black Queen of Comedy". Other than the expletive-free "Sane Advice" album, released two years after the run of "Sanford and Son", most of Page's albums and stand-up material were raunchy in nature.

In 1977 Page appeared in an episode of "The Love Boat", "Martin," "227," "Family Matters," and "Diff'rent Strokes." She appeared on "Circus Of The Stars" as a fire eater.

Page died of complications from diabetes on September 14, 2002. She is interred in an outdoor crypt at Inglewood Park Cemetery in Inglewood, California.

Her daughter, the evangelist Clara Estella Roberta Johnson, died on June 4, 2006, in Los Angeles, California, at the age of 69.



Atmosphere of Mars

The atmosphere of Mars is the layer of gases surrounding Mars. It is mainly made up of carbon dioxide. The average atmospheric pressure of the Martian surface (6.0 mbar) is much lower than that of the Earth (1,013 mbar). The pressure is well below the Armstrong limit, meaning that water boils at the normal temperature of the human body: 98.6 °F (36.6 °C).

The Martian atmosphere contains 96% carbon dioxide, 1.9% argon, 1.9% nitrogen, and traces of oxygen, carbon monoxide, water and methane, and so on. Ever since the discovery of methane in 2003, scientists say that this might indicate life. It has also been suggested that is may be caused by geochemical processes, volcanic or hydrothermal activity.

The atmosphere of Mars is quite dusty, giving the Martian sky a light brown or orange-red color when seen from the surface. Data from NASA pointed out that the dust particles are 1.5 micrometres diameter.

On 18 March 2015, NASA found an aurora that is not fully understood and an unexplained dust cloud in the atmosphere of Mars.

Liquid water on Mars was once commonplace, which means the atmosphere was thicker. Many studies have found that the atmosphere of Mars has been weakened over time due to solar winds. On Earth, the magnetic field protects us from most of the wind. Mars used to have a magnetic field, but cooling of the core has resulted in the magnetic field being lost.

Solar Wind Composition Experiment

The Solar Wind Composition Experiment (SWC) was an experiment that took place on the Moon during the Apollo program (Apollo 11, 12, 14, 15 and 16). It was done to measure the solar wind outside of Earth's magnetosphere. It was the first notable measurement of isotopic solar material.

The experiment was suggested by by a Swiss team headed by Johannes Geiss of the University of Bern and Peter Eberhardt of the Swiss Institute of Technology. It was partially funded by the Swiss Government.

The SWC experiment was done by getting a aluminum sheet and facing it towards the sun. The foil was to collect the ion types and energies of the solar wind on the lunar surface. After the experiment, the sheet was placed into a Teflon bag, and sent back to Earth to be studied. The experiment was successful and found Helium, Neon and Argon isotopic compositions coming from the sun.


Caesar's Comet

Caesar's Comet (C/-43 K1) is also known as 'Comet Caesar' and the 'Great Comet of 44 BC'. It was one of the most famous comets of ancient times. Many Romans thought the comet's seven-day appearance was a sign of the deification of recently assassinated dictator, Julius Caesar (100–44 BC).

Caesar's Comet was one of only five comets known to have had a negative absolute magnitude and may have been the brightest daylight comet in history. It was not periodic, and it had a parabolic orbit. The comet might now be more than 800 AU from the Sun.

Do You Know the Way to San Jose

"Do You Know the Way to San Jose" is a 1968 popular song. It is about a person from San Jose, California who wants to go back to her hometown. Dionne Warwick performed it.

The song sold over a million copies. Warwick won her first Grammy Award for it.

The song was Warwick's first song after "(Theme from) Valley of the Dolls"/"I Say a Little Prayer". It was released in April 1968.

The song was later sung by Connie Francis, Rita Reys, Neil Diamond, Nancy Sinatra and others.

Don't Make Me Over

"Don't Make Me Over" is a 1962 popular ballad. It was written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David. Dionne Warwick sang this song. 

The song reached #5 on the "Billboard" R&B charts.

The song was later recorded by other artists, such as Jennifer Warnes and Julia Holter.

Julia Holter

Julia Holter (born December 18, 1984) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, composer and artist. Her first studio album, "Tragedy", was released in 2011. She released a second album, "Ekstasis", in March 2012. This album was compared to works by such artists as Laurie Anderson, Kate Bush, Joanna Newsom and several others. "Ekstasis" received many positive reviews.

Holter joined Domino Recording Company. She then released her 3rd album "Loud City Song". The album was a critical success.

She released "Have You in My Wilderness" in 2015. The album was very successful.

Article One of the United States Constitution

Article One of the United States Constitution establishes the legislative branch of the federal government, the United States Congress. The Congress is a bicameral legislature consisting of a House of Representatives and a Senate

Section 1: Legislative power vested in Congress
Section 1 gives federal legislative power exclusively to Congress. Similar clauses are found in Articles II and III. The former gives executive power to the President. The latter grants judicial power to the federal judiciary. These three articles create a separation of powers among the three branches of the federal government. The separation of powers was intended to limit Congress to making law, the President to enforcing the law and the courts as interpreting the law in different cases.

There is no provision in the Constitution that gives Congress the power to investigate. However, before the adoption of the Constitution, assemblies| in the American colonies exercised that power. Before them, the British Parliament had investigative powers. Congress has always considered it an implicit power in the Constitution. In "McGrain v. Daugherty" (1927), the Supreme Court held that Congress did have the power to investigate.

Section Two provides for the election every two years of members of the House of Representatives by the people of the respective states. The "electors" (voters) in the state are those who the state decides are eligible to vote for "the most numerous Branch of the State Legislature" are eligible to vote for members of the House of Representatives from that state.

The Constitution provides three requirements for Representatives. A Representative must be at least 25 years old. He or she must live in the state in which he or she is elected. A Representative must also have been a citizen of the United States for the previous seven years.

After much debate, the framers of the Constitution compromised and made population the basis of determining the number of seats (called apportionment) in the House of Representatives. It also used apportionment to determine the tax liability among the states. To accomplish this, the Constitution requires that a census be conducted every ten years. This is to determine the population of each state and of the nation as a whole. It also establishes a rule for who should and who should not be included in the count. Because the Constitution would go into effect before the completion of a national census, it provides for a temporary apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives.

Originally, the population of each state and of the nation as a whole was determined by adding to the whole number of free Persons, three-fifths the number of all other persons (slaves), but excluding non-taxed Native Americans. This Constitutional rule was known as the three-fifths compromise. It was used to determine the number of Representatives in the House. Larger states contributed more money and would have more seats in the House of Representatives. 

The Fourteenth Amendment removed the three-fifths rule and ordered the census to count everyone regardless of skin color. It stipulated that males over the age of twenty-one could vote. The Sixteenth Amendment removed the connection between apportionment and direct taxes. The 19th Amendment removed the restriction by sex allowing women to vote. The 26th Amendment reduced the voting age requirement to those 18 years of age and older. But none of these amendments changed congressional apportionment.

Since enactment of the Reapportionment Act of 1929, Congress set the number of House seats at 435, except in 1959 when Alaska and Hawaii were admitted as states. Then the number became 437 temporarily.

Section two, Clause four, provides that when vacancies occur in the House of Representatives, it is not the job of the House of Representatives to arrange for a replacement. It is the job of the State whose vacant seat is up for refilling. In addition, the Constitution does not authorize a State Governor to appoint a temporary replacement. He is to arrange for a special election to fill the vacancy. The original qualifications and procedures for holding that election are still valid.

Section Two also provides that the House of Representatives may choose its Speaker and its other officers. The Constitution does not require it but every Speaker has been a member of the House of Representatives. The Speaker rarely presides over routine House sessions. Instead he chooses to deputize a junior member to accomplish the task.

Finally, Section Two grants to the House of Representatives the sole power of impeachment. Although the Supreme Court has not had an occasion to interpret this specific provision, the Court has suggested that the grant to the House of the ""sole"" power of impeachment makes the House the exclusive interpreter of what constitutes an impeachable offense.

This power, which is analogous to the bringing of criminal charges by a grand jury, has been used only rarely. The House of Representatives has initiated impeachment proceedings 62 times since 1789, and nineteen federal officials have been formally impeached as a result, including: three Presidents (Andrew Johnson, Bill Clinton, and Donald Trump), one Cabinet Secretary (William W. Belknap), one Senator (William Blount), one Supreme Court Associate Justice (Samuel Chase), and fourteen federal judges.

The Constitution does not specify how impeachment proceedings are to be initiated. Until the early 20th century, a House member could rise and propose an impeachment, which would then be assigned to a committee for investigation. Presently, it is the House Judiciary Committee that initiates the process. It does this only after investigating the allegations, prepares recommendations for the whole House's consideration. If the House votes to adopt an impeachment resolution, the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee recommends a slate of "managers," whom the House subsequently approves by resolution. These Representatives then become the prosecution team in the impeachment trial in the Senate (see Section 3, Clause 6 below).

The first Clause of Section Three provides that each state is entitled to have two Senators. It states they would be elected by its state legislature and serve six-year terms. Each Senator has one vote. By these provisions, the framers of the Constitution intended to protect the interests of the states as states. However, this clause has been superseded by the Seventeenth Amendment, ratified in 1913. Due to problems in the Senate, it was changed to Senators would now be elected by the people instead of the state legislatures.

Approximately one-third of the Senate is up for re-election every two years. But the entire body is never up for re-election in the same year. The Seventeenth Amendment changed how vacancies would be filled. Under the Seventeenth Amendment, if a Senator dies or has to leave office, his state governor may appoint a temporary Senator until a special election can be held.

A Senator must be at least 30 years of age, must have been a citizen of the United States for at least nine years before being elected, and must reside in the State he or she will represent at the time of the election. As with Representatives in the House, the Constitution sets the qualifications to be a Senator.

Section Three provides that the vice president is the President of the Senate. When serving in this capacity, the vice president, who is not a member of the Senate, may cast a vote to break a tie. Early in the nation's history, vice presidents frequently presided over the Senate. In modern times, the vice president usually does so only during ceremonial occasions or when a tie in the voting is anticipated. A tie-breaking vote has been cast 243 times by 35 different vice presidents.

Clause five provides for a President "pro tempore of the Senate" (meaning temporary), a Senator elected to the post by the Senate, to preside over the body when the Vice President is either absent or exercising the Office of the President.

The Senate's current practice is to elect a full-time President pro tempore at the beginning of each Congress, as opposed to making it a temporary office only existing during the Vice President's absence. Since World War II, the senior (longest serving) member of the majority party has filled this position. As is true of the Speaker of the House, the Constitution does not require that the President pro tempore be a senator, but by tradition, a senator is always chosen.
The House of Representatives votes to impeach a president, vice president or other civil officer, but the Senate serves as judge and jury. The defendant in the trial can be removed from office by a two-thirds vote of the Senate. Only three times has the Senate brought impeachment charges against a president still in office. This was in 1868 against Andrew Johnson, in 1998 against Bill Clinton, and in 2020 against Donald Trump. In each case, the president was not convicted and allowed to serve out his term of office.
If any officer is convicted on impeachment, he or she is immediately removed from office. He or she may be barred from holding any public office in the future. No other punishments may be used. Any person removed from office may still be criminally prosecuted. They may also be subject to lawsuits. 

State legislatures have the task of deciding how congressional elections are held. They may decide the scheduling of an election, where voters may cast ballots and how voters are to register. Congress has the right to change these rules. 
Clause 2 fixes an annual date upon which Congress must meet. By doing so, the Constitution gives Congress the power to meet, whether or not the President called it into session. 

Section Five states that a majority of each House constitutes a quorum to do business; a smaller number may adjourn the House or compel the attendance of absent members. In practice, the quorum requirement is all but ignored. A quorum is assumed to be present unless a quorum call, requested by a member, proves otherwise. Rarely do members ask for quorum calls to demonstrate the absence of a quorum; more often, they use the quorum call as a delaying tactic.

Each House can determine its own Rules (assuming a quorum is present), and may punish any of its members. A two-thirds vote is necessary to expel a member. Section 5, Clause 2 does not provide specific guidance to each House regarding when and how each House may change its rules, leaving details to the respective chambers.

Each House must keep and publish a Journal, though it may choose to keep any part of the Journal secret. The decisions of the House—not the words spoken during debates—are recorded in the Journal; if one-fifth of those present (assuming a quorum is present) request it, the votes of the members on a particular question must also be entered.

Neither House may adjourn, without the consent of the other, for more than three days. Often, a House will hold "pro forma" sessions every three days. Such sessions are held just to fulfill the constitutional requirement. They are not for the purpose of conducting business. Neither House may meet in any place other than that designated for both Houses (the Capitol), without the consent of the other House.

Senators and Representatives set their own compensation. Under the Twenty-seventh Amendment, any change in their compensation will not take effect until after the next congressional election.

Members of both Houses have certain privileges, based on those enjoyed by the members of the British Parliament. Members attending, going to or returning from either House are privileged from arrest, except for treason, felony or breach of the peace. One may not sue a Senator or Representative for slander that may happen during Congressional debate, nor may speech by a member of Congress during a Congressional session be the basis for criminal prosecution. 

Senators and Representatives may not simultaneously serve in Congress and hold a position in the executive branch. This restriction is meant to protect legislative independence by preventing the president from using patronage to buy votes in Congress. It is a major difference from the political system in the British Parliament, where cabinet ministers are required to be members of parliament.

This establishes the method for making Acts of Congress that involve taxation. Accordingly, any bill may originate in either House of Congress, except for a revenue bill, which may originate only in the House of Representatives. 

This clause of the U.S. Constitution stemmed from an English parliamentary practice that all money bills must have their first reading in the House of Commons. This practice was intended to ensure that the power of the purse is possessed by the legislative body most responsive to the people, although the English practice was modified in America by allowing the Senate to amend these bills. 

This clause is known as the Presentment Clause. Before a bill becomes law, it must be presented to the President, who has ten days (excluding Sundays) to act upon it. If the President signs the bill, it becomes law. If he disapproves of the bill, he must return it to the House in which it originated together with his objections. This procedure has become known as the veto, although that particular word does not appear in the text of Article One. The bill does not then become law unless both Houses, by two-thirds votes, override the veto. If the President neither signs nor returns the bill within the ten-day limit, the bill becomes law, unless the Congress has adjourned in the meantime, thereby preventing the President from returning the bill to the House in which it originated. In the latter case, the President, by taking no action on the bill towards the end of a session, exercises a "pocket veto", which Congress may not override. In the former case, where the President allows a bill to become law unsigned, there is no common name for the practice, but recent scholarship has termed it a "default enactment."

What exactly constitutes an adjournment for the purposes of the pocket veto has been unclear. In the "Pocket Veto Case" (1929), the Supreme Court held that "the determinative question in reference to an 'adjournment' is not whether it is a final adjournment of Congress or an interim adjournment, such as an adjournment of the first session, but whether it is one that 'prevents' the President from returning the bill to the House in which it originated within the time allowed." Since neither House of Congress was in session, the President could not return the bill to one of them, thereby permitting the use of the pocket veto. In "Wright v. United States" (1938), however, the Court ruled that adjournments of one House only did not constitute an adjournment of Congress required for a pocket veto. In such cases, the Secretary or Clerk of the House in question was ruled competent to receive the bill.

In 1996, Congress passed the Line Item Veto Act, which permitted the President, at the time of the signing of the bill, to rescind certain expenditures. The Congress could disapprove the cancellation and reinstate the funds. The President could veto the disapproval, but the Congress, by a two-thirds vote in each House, could override the veto. In the case "Clinton v. City of New York", the Supreme Court found the Line Item Veto Act unconstitutional because it violated the Presentment clause. First, the procedure delegated legislative powers to the President, thereby violating the nondelegation doctrine. Second, the procedure violated the terms of Section Seven, which state, "if he approve [the bill] he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it." Thus, the President may sign the bill, veto it, or do nothing, but he may not amend the bill and then sign it.

Every bill, order, resolution, or vote that must be passed by both Houses, except on a question of adjournment, must be presented to the President before becoming law. However, to propose a constitutional amendment, two-thirds of both Houses may submit it to the states for the ratification, without any consideration by the President, as prescribed in Article V.

Congress's legislative powers are enumerated in Section Eight:

Many powers of Congress have been interpreted broadly. Most notably, the Taxing and Spending, Interstate Commerce, and Necessary and Proper Clauses have been deemed to grant expansive powers to Congress.

Congress may lay and collect taxes for the "common defense" or "general welfare" of the United States. The U.S. Supreme Court has not often defined "general welfare," leaving the political question to Congress. In "United States v. Butler" (1936), the Court for the first time construed the clause. The dispute centered on a tax collected from processors of agricultural products such as meat; the funds raised by the tax were not paid into the general funds of the treasury, but were rather specially earmarked for farmers. The Court struck down the tax, ruling that the general welfare language in the Taxing and Spending Clause related only to "matters of national, as distinguished from local, welfare". Congress continues to make expansive use of the Taxing and Spending Clause; for instance, the social security program is authorized under the Taxing and Spending Clause.

Congress has the power to borrow money on the credit of the United States. In 1871, when deciding "Knox v. Lee," the Court ruled that this clause permitted Congress to emit bills and make them legal tender in satisfaction of debts. Whenever Congress borrows money, it is obligated to repay the sum as stipulated in the original agreement. However, such agreements are only "binding on the conscience of the sovereign", as the doctrine of sovereign immunity prevents a creditor from suing in court if the government reneges its commitment.

The Supreme Court has seldom restrained the use of the "commerce clause" for widely varying purposes. The first important decision related to the commerce clause was "Gibbons v. Ogden", decided by a unanimous Court in 1824. The case involved conflicting federal and state laws: Thomas Gibbons had a federal permit to navigate steamboats in the Hudson River, while the other, Aaron Ogden, had a monopoly to do the same granted by the state of New York. Ogden contended that "commerce" included only buying and selling of goods and not their transportation. Chief Justice John Marshall rejected this notion. Marshall suggested that "commerce" included navigation of goods, and that it "must have been contemplated" by the Framers. Marshall added that Congress's power over commerce "is complete in itself, may be exercised to its utmost extent, and acknowledges no limitations other than are prescribed in the Constitution".

The expansive interpretation of the Commerce Clause was restrained during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, when a "laissez-faire" attitude dominated the Court. In "United States v. E. C. Knight Company" (1895), the Supreme Court limited the newly enacted Sherman Antitrust Act, which had sought to break up the monopolies dominating the nation's economy. The Court ruled that Congress could not regulate the manufacture of goods, even if they were later shipped to other states. Chief Justice Melville Fuller wrote, "commerce succeeds to manufacture, and is not a part of it."

The U.S. Supreme Court sometimes ruled New Deal programs unconstitutional because they stretched the meaning of the commerce clause. In "Schechter Poultry Corp. v. United States," (1935) the Court unanimously struck down industrial codes regulating the slaughter of poultry, declaring that Congress could not regulate commerce relating to the poultry, which had "come to a permanent rest within the State." As Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes put it, "so far as the poultry here in question is concerned, the flow of interstate commerce has ceased." Judicial rulings against attempted use of Congress's Commerce Clause powers continued during the 1930s.

In 1937, the Supreme Court began moving away from its laissez-faire attitude concerning Congressional legislation and the Commerce Clause, when it ruled in "National Labor Relations Board v. Jones & Laughlin Steel Company", that the National Labor Relations Act of 1935 (commonly known as the Wagner Act) was constitutional. The legislation under scrutiny, prevented employers from engaging in "unfair labor practices" such as firing workers for joining unions. In sustaining this act, the Court, signaled its return to the philosophy espoused by John Marshall, that Congress could pass laws regulating actions that even indirectly influenced interstate commerce.

This new attitude became firmly set into place in 1942. In "Wickard v. Filburn", the Court ruled that production quotas under the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 were constitutionally applied to agricultural production (in this instance, home-grown wheat for private consumption) that was consumed purely intrastate, because its effect upon interstate commerce placed it within the power of Congress to regulate under the Commerce Clause. This decision marked the beginning of the Court's total deference to Congress' claims of Commerce Clause powers, which lasted into the 1990s.

"United States v. Lopez" (1995) was the first decision in six decades to invalidate a federal statute on the grounds that it exceeded the power of the Congress under the Commerce Clause. The Court held that while Congress had broad lawmaking authority under the Commerce Clause, the power was limited, and did not extend so far from "commerce" as to authorize the regulation of the carrying of handguns, especially when there was no evidence that carrying them affected the economy on a massive scale. In a later case, "United States v. Morrison" (2000), the justices ruled that Congress could not make such laws even when there was evidence of aggregate effect.

In contrast to these rulings, the Supreme Court also continues to follow the precedent set by "Wickard v. Filburn". In "Gonzales v. Raich" it ruled that the Commerce Clause granted Congress the authority to criminalize the production and use of home-grown cannabis even where states approve its use for medicinal purposes. The court held that, as with the agricultural production in the earlier case, home-grown cannabis is a legitimate subject of federal regulation because it competes with marijuana that moves in interstate commerce.

Congress may establish uniform laws relating to naturalization and bankruptcy. It may also coin money, regulate the value of American or foreign currency and punish counterfeiters. Congress may fix the standards of weights and measures. Furthermore, Congress may establish post offices and post roads (the roads, however, need not be exclusively for the conveyance of mail). Congress may promote the progress of science and useful arts by granting copyrights and patents of limited duration. Section eight, clause eight of Article One, known as the Copyright Clause, is the only instance of the word "right" used in the original constitution (though the word does appear in several Amendments). Though perpetual copyrights and patents are prohibited, the Supreme Court has ruled in "Eldred v. Ashcroft" (2003) that repeated extensions to the term of copyright do not constitute perpetual copyright; also note that this is the only power granted where the means to accomplish its stated purpose is specifically provided for. Courts inferior to the Supreme Court may be established by Congress.

Congress has several powers related to war and the armed forces. Under the War Powers Clause, only Congress may declare war, but in several cases it has, without declaring war, granted the President the authority to engage in military conflicts. Five wars have been declared in United States' history: the War of 1812, the Mexican–American War, the Spanish–American War, World War I and World War II. Some historians argue that the legal doctrines and legislation passed during the operations against Pancho Villa constitute a sixth declaration of war. Congress may grant letters of marque and reprisal. Congress may establish and support the armed forces, but no appropriation made for the support of the army may be used for more than two years. This provision was inserted because the Framers feared the establishment of a standing army, beyond civilian control, during peacetime. Congress may regulate or call forth the state militias, but the states retain the authority to appoint officers and train personnel. Congress also has exclusive power to make rules and regulations governing the land and naval forces. Although the executive branch and the Pentagon have asserted an ever-increasing measure of involvement in this process, the U.S. Supreme Court has often reaffirmed Congress's exclusive hold on this power (e.g. Burns v. Wilson, 346 U.S. 137 (1953)). Congress used this power twice soon after World War II with the enactment of two statutes: the Uniform Code of Military Justice to improve the quality and fairness of courts martial and military justice, and the Federal Tort Claims Act which among other rights had allowed military service persons to sue for damages until the U.S. Supreme Court repealed that section of the statute in a divisive series of cases, known collectively as the Feres Doctrine.

Congress has the exclusive right to legislate "in all cases whatsoever" for the nation's capital, the District of Columbia. Congress chooses to devolve some of such authority to the elected mayor and council of District of Columbia. Nevertheless, Congress remains free to enact any legislation for the District so long as constitutionally permissible, to overturn any legislation by the city government, and technically to revoke the city government at any time. Congress may also exercise such jurisdiction over land purchased from the states for the erection of forts and other buildings.

Finally, Congress has the power to do whatever is "necessary and proper" to carry out its enumerated powers and, crucially, all others vested in it. This has been interpreted to authorize criminal prosecution of those whose actions have a "substantial effect" on interstate commerce in "Wickard v. Filburn" ; however, Thomas Jefferson, in the Kentucky Resolutions, supported by James Madison, maintained that a penal power could not be inferred from a power to regulate, and that the only penal powers were for treason, counterfeiting, piracy and felony on the high seas, and offenses against the law of nations.

The necessary and proper clause has been interpreted extremely broadly, thereby giving Congress wide latitude in legislation. The first landmark case involving the clause was "McCulloch v. Maryland" (1819), which involved the establishment of a national bank. Alexander Hamilton, in advocating the creation of the bank, argued that there was "a more or less direct" relationship between the bank and "the powers of collecting taxes, borrowing money, regulating trade between the states, and raising and maintaining fleets and navies". Thomas Jefferson countered that Congress's powers "can all be carried into execution without a national bank. A bank therefore is not necessary, and consequently not authorized by this phrase". Chief Justice John Marshall agreed with the former interpretation. Marshall wrote that a Constitution listing "all" of Congress's powers "would partake of a prolixity of a legal code and could scarcely be embraced by the human mind". Since the Constitution could not possibly enumerate the "minor ingredients" of the powers of Congress, Marshall "deduced" that Congress had the authority to establish a bank from the "great outlines" of the general welfare, commerce and other clauses. Under this doctrine of the necessary and proper clause, Congress has sweepingly broad powers (known as implied powers) not explicitly enumerated in the Constitution. However, the Congress cannot enact laws solely on the implied powers, any action must be necessary and proper in the execution of the enumerated powers.

The ninth section of Article One places limits on Congress' powers:

The first clause in this section prevents Congress from passing any law that would restrict the importation of slaves into the United States prior to 1808. Congress could however, levy a "Per capita" duty of up to ten dollars for each slave imported into the country. This clause was further entrenched into the Constitution by Article V, where it is explicitly shielded from constitutional amendment prior to 1808. On January 1, 1808, the first day it was permitted to do so, Congress approved legislation prohibiting the importation of slaves into the United States.

A writ of "habeas corpus" is a legal action against unlawful detainment that commands a law enforcement agency or other body that has a person in custody to have a court inquire into the legality of the detention. The court may order the person released if the reason for detention is deemed insufficient or unjustifiable. The Constitution further provides that the privilege of the writ of "habeas corpus" may not be suspended "unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it". In "Ex parte Milligan" (1866), the Supreme Court ruled that the suspension of "habeas corpus" in a time of war was lawful, but military tribunals did not apply to citizens in states that had upheld the authority of the Constitution and where civilian courts were still operating.

A bill of attainder is a law by which a person is immediately convicted without trial. An "ex post facto" law is a law which applies retroactively, punishing someone for an act that was only made criminal after it was done. The "ex post facto" clause does not apply to civil matters.

Section Nine reiterates the provision from that direct taxes must be apportioned by state populations. This clause was also explicitly shielded from constitutional amendment prior to 1808 by Article V. In 1913, the 16th Amendment exempted income taxes from this clause. Furthermore, no tax may be imposed on exports from any state. Congress may not, by revenue or commerce legislation, give preference to ports of one state over those of another; neither may it require ships from one state to pay duties in another. All funds belonging to the Treasury may not be withdrawn except according to law. Modern practice is that Congress annually passes a number of appropriations bills authorizing the expenditure of public money. The Constitution requires that a regular statement of such expenditures be published.

The Title of Nobility Clause prohibits Congress from granting any title of nobility. In addition, it specifies that no civil officer may accept, without the consent of Congress, any gift, payment, office or title from a foreign ruler or state. However, a U.S. citizen may receive foreign office before or after their period of public service.

States may not exercise certain powers reserved for the federal government: they may not enter into treaties, alliances or confederations, grant letters of marque or reprisal, coin money or issue bills of credit (such as currency). Furthermore, no state may make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts, which expressly forbids any state government (but not the federal government) from "making a tender" (i.e., authorizing something that may be offered in payment) of any type or form of money to meet any financial obligation, unless that form of money is coins made of gold or silver (or a medium of exchange backed by and redeemable in gold or silver coins, as noted in "Farmers & Merchants Bank v. Federal Reserve Bank"). Much of this clause is devoted to preventing the States from using or creating any currency other than that created by Congress. In Federalist no. 44, Madison explains that "... it may be observed that the same reasons which shew the necessity of denying to the States the power of regulating coin, prove with equal force that they ought not to be at liberty to substitute a paper medium in the place of coin. Had every State a right to regulate the value of its coin, there might be as many different currencies as States; and thus the intercourse among them would be impeded." Moreover, the states may not pass bills of attainder, enact "ex post facto" laws, impair the obligation of contracts, or grant titles of nobility.

The Contract Clause was the subject of much contentious litigation in the 19th century. It was first interpreted by the Supreme Court in 1810, when "Fletcher v. Peck" was decided. The case involved the Yazoo land scandal, in which the Georgia legislature authorized the sale of land to speculators at low prices. The bribery involved in the passage of the authorizing legislation was so blatant that a Georgia mob attempted to lynch the corrupt members of the legislature. Following elections, the legislature passed a law that rescinded the contracts granted by the corrupt legislators. The validity of the annulment of the sale was questioned in the Supreme Court. In writing for a unanimous court, Chief Justice John Marshall asked, "What is a contract?" His answer was: "a compact between two or more parties." Marshall argued that the sale of land by the Georgia legislature, though fraught with corruption, was a valid "contract". He added that the state had no right to annul the purchase of the land, since doing so would impair the obligations of contract.

The definition of a contract propounded by Chief Justice Marshall was not as simple as it may seem. In 1819, the Court considered whether a corporate charter could be construed as a contract. The case of "Trustees of Dartmouth College v. Woodward" involved Dartmouth College, which had been established under a Royal Charter granted by King George III. The Charter created a board of twelve trustees for the governance of the College. In 1815, however, New Hampshire passed a law increasing the board's membership to twenty-one with the aim that public control could be exercised over the College. The Court, including Marshall, ruled that New Hampshire could not amend the charter, which was ruled to be a contract since it conferred "vested rights" on the trustees.

The Marshall Court determined another dispute in "Sturges v. Crowninshield". The case involved a debt that was contracted in early 1811. Later in that year, the state of New York passed a bankruptcy law, under which the debt was later discharged. The Supreme Court ruled that a retroactively applied state bankruptcy law impaired the obligation to pay the debt, and therefore violated the Constitution. In "Ogden v. Saunders" (1827), however, the court decided that state bankruptcy laws "could" apply to debts contracted after the passage of the law. State legislation on the issue of bankruptcy and debtor relief has not been much of an issue since the adoption of a comprehensive federal bankruptcy law in 1898.

Still more powers are prohibited of the states. States may not, without the consent of Congress, tax imports or exports except for the fulfillment of state inspection laws (which may be revised by Congress). The net revenue of the tax is paid not to the state, but to the federal Treasury.

Under the Compact Clause, states may not, without the consent of Congress, keep troops or armies during times of peace. They may not enter into alliances nor compacts with foreign states, nor engage in war unless invaded. States may, however, organize and arm a militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress. (Article I, Section 8, enumerated powers of Congress.) The National Guard, whose members are also members of the militia of the United States as defined by , fulfill this function, as do persons serving in State Militias with federal oversight under .

The idea of allowing Congress to have say over agreements between states traces back to the numerous controversies that arose between various colonies. Eventually compromises would be created between the two colonies and these compromises would be submitted to the Crown for approval. After the American Revolutionary War, the Articles of Confederation allowed states to appeal to Congress to settle disputes between the states over boundaries or "any cause whatever". The Articles of Confederation also required Congressional approval for "any treaty or alliance" in which a state was one of the parties.

There have been a number of Supreme Court cases concerning what constitutes valid congressional consent to an interstate compact. In "Virginia v. Tennessee", , the Court found that some agreements among states stand even when lacking the explicit consent of Congress. (One example the court gave was a state moving some goods from a distant state to itself, it would not require Congressional approval to contract with another state to use its canals for transport.) According to the Court, the Compact Clause requires congressional consent only if the agreement among the states is "directed to the formation of any combination tending to the increase of political power in the States, which may encroach upon or interfere with the just supremacy of the United States". The congressional consent issue is at the center of the current debate over the constitutionality of the not yet effective National Popular Vote Interstate Compact entered into by several states plus the District of Columbia.

Victory Day

Victory Day (also shortened as "V-Day") is a common name of many different public holidays in various countries. In most cases it is to commemorate victories in important battles or wars in the countries' history. For example, in Russia, it is celebrated on May 9th for the defeat of Nazi Germany in what Russia calls "The Great Patriotic War" (World War II). For the United States and Britain, the victory in Europe (celebrated as Victory in Europe Day or V-E Day) was only part of the victory. It is celebrated on May 8th (May 7th in the United Kingdom). The war in the Pacific did not end for the US and Britain until the Japanese surrender on Sept. 2, 1945. This is celebrated as Victory over Japan Day or V-J Day. This part of the war is usually not studied by Russians. In France, their Victory Day also celebrated the end of World War II and is celebrated on May 8, 1945, when Charles de Gaulle announced the end of the war.



Collard greens

Collard greens (or collards) are loose leafed cultivars of "Brassica oleracea". Collard greens are part of the acephala group of the species, which includes kale and spring greens.

Collard greens are known for their large, dark colored and edible leaves. They are also known as a garden ornamental.

Collard greens are available year round. They are tastier and more nutritious in cold months, after the first frost.

Elizabeth Garrett

Helen Elizabeth Garrett, commonly known as Elizabeth Garrett, (1963 – March 6, 2016), was an American professor of law and an academic administrator. In 2010, she became Provost and Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs at the University of Southern California. On July 1, 2015, she became the 13th president of Cornell University.

Garrett died on March 6, 2016 from colon cancer at her New York City home. She was aged 52.

Paul Ryan (cartoonist)

Paul Ryan (September 23, 1949 – March 6, 2016) was an American comic book and comic strip cartoonist. Ryan worked for Marvel Comics and DC Comics on a number of super-hero comics. Until his death in 2016, he worked on "The Phantom" for King Features Syndicate. He was born in Somerville, Massachusetts.

Ryan died in Worcester, Massachusetts of cancer on March 6, 2016. He was aged 66.

Adrian Hardiman

Adrian Hardiman (21 May 1951 – 7 March 2016) was an Irish judge. He was the justice of the Supreme Court of Ireland. He served from 7 February 2000 until his death on 7 March 2016.

Hardiman was born in Dublin, Ireland. He studied at Belvedere College, at University College Dublin, and at the King's Inn. Hardiman died in Dublin, Ireland from a heart attack. He was aged 65.


Vernon L. Smith

Vernon Lomax Smith (born January 1, 1927) is an American professor of economics. He worked at Chapman University's Argyros School of Business and Economics and School of Law in Orange, California. Smith shared the 2002 Nobel Prize in Economics with Daniel Kahneman.

He is the founder and president of the International Foundation for Research in Experimental Economics, a Member of the Board of Advisors for The Independent Institute, and a Senior Fellow at the Cato Institute in Washington D.C..

In 2004 Smith was honored with an honorary doctoral degree at Universidad Francisco Marroquín, the institution that named the Vernon Smith Center for Experimental Economics Research after him.

Radiometer

A radiometer or roentgenometer is a device for measuring the radiant flux (power) of electromagnetic radiation. Generally, a radiometer is an infrared radiation detector or ultraviolet detector.


Reading Rainbow

Reading Rainbow is an American children's television series. It aired on PBS Kids from July 11, 1983 to November 10, 2006. It encouraged children to read. In 2012, an iPad and Kindle Fire educational interactive book was launched with the "Reading Rainbow" name.

The public television series won over 200 broadcast awards, including a Peabody Award and 26 Emmy Awards. Eleven of those awards were in the "Outstanding Children's Series" category.

When the show was canceled in November 10, 2006, reruns ran until August 28, 2009.

The original team included Lynne Brenner Ganek, Ellen Schecter, and LeVar Burton.

Paul Webley

Professor Paul Webley CBE (19 November 1953 – 2 March 2016) was a British educator. He was the Director and Principal of the School of Oriental and African Studies at the University of London from 2006 to 2015. From 2010 until his death in 2016, he served as Deputy Vice-Chancellor of the University of London. 

He was a member of the Editorial Board of the "Journal of Economic Psychology". He was the former President of the International Association for Research in Economic Psychology. Webley was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2015 New Year Honours for services to higher education.

Webley died in London, England on 2 March 2016 from cancer. He was aged 62.

Sheila Varian

Sheila Varian (August 8, 1936 – March 6, 2016) was an American breeder and trainer of Arabian horses. She was born in Santa Maria, California. Her career began in 1963. She used "vaquero"-influenced methods of training horses. 

Varian produced many famous Arabian horses who won many show horses in the United States. Varian received many awards from the United States Equestrian Federation. She was added into the National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame in 2003.

Varian died in Arroyo Grande, California from ovarian cancer on March 6, 2016. She was aged 79.


I've Been to the Mountaintop

I've Been to the Mountaintop is the name of the last speech Martin Luther King, Jr. gave before he died.

King gave the speech on April 3, 1968. He was in Memphis, Tennessee for the Memphis Sanitation Strike. The sanitation (garbage) workers in Memphis were on strike because they got paid very little, and their work was dangerous. King wanted to support them.

The speech talks mostly about the Strike. King talks about the best ways to get the workers what they needed. At the end of the speech, he talks about the possibility that he might be killed.

The next day, King was murdered.

When talking about the Strike, King focuses on the importance of non-violence. At a protest on March 28, some protesters had become violent and started breaking windows. King says:

King thought that if protesters or the people on strike were violent, other people would only pay attention to the violence. They would not pay attention to how badly the sanitation workers were treated.

King suggested boycotting things sold by white businesses as a nonviolent way of protesting and getting people's attention. He explains that one black person might be poor, but all together, they spent a lot of money. This gave them power. If they stopped buying things from businesses owned by white people, then those businesses would lose a lot of money. Then they would have to pay attention, or else they could go out of business. Meanwhile, black people could use their money to buy things from businesses owned by other blacks. King says:

King then talks about the Civil Rights Movement. He says:

King promises that civil rights activists will not stop until they get their basic human rights.

At the end of the speech, King says that as soon as he got to Memphis, he began to get threats. However, he says he is not afraid of death. This is the most famous part of the speech, and also its ending:

King was a Baptist pastor. He often mentioned stories from the Bible in his speeches.

In the end of this speech, King is talking about a story from the Old Testament. Moses was the leader of the Israelites (the people of Israel). The Israelites followed Moses because they thought he would lead them to a Promised Land. In this Promised Land, they could live in peace. 

However, before the Israelites got to the Promised Land, God spoke to Moses. God said he would let Moses see the Promised Land with his eyes. However, God would not let Moses enter the Promised Land. The Bible says: 
Soon after this, Moses died. Joshua replaced him as leader, and led the people of Israel into the Promised Land.

King is saying that like Moses, he has "been to the mountaintop" and seen the Promised Land a society where black people have peace and equal rights. He knows that he may not get to this Promised Land with them, because he might die first. However, he tells his listeners that, like the people of Israel, African-Americans as a people will get to the Promised Land.


Southern Christian Leadership Conference

The Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) is an African-American civil rights group. The SCLC was very important in the Civil Rights Movement. Martin Luther King, Jr. was its first president.

Today, the SCLC says it is "a nonprofit, non-sectarian, inter-faith, advocacy organization that is committed to nonviolent action to achieve social, economic, and political justice." This means the group is open to people of all faiths and religions, not just Christians.

The SCLC was created in 1957, after the Civil Rights Movement's successful Montgomery Bus Boycott. On January 10, 1957, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. invited about 60 black pastors and leaders to Atlanta, Georgia. Their goal, at the time, was to end segregation on buses in the Southern United States. However, they agreed that they would only use non-violent ways of protesting and trying to make change. Their motto was: "Not one hair on one head of one white person shall be harmed."

About a month later, the group met again in New Orleans, Louisiana. They decided that their goal would be to end segregation everywhere not just on buses. They also chose Dr. King as their president, and chose the name "Southern Christian Leadership Conference."

The SCLC also chose a group of leaders called the Board of Directors to be in charge of making final decisions and planning strategies. At first, some churches and civil rights organizations joined the SCLC. However, it was difficult to get churches to join. Groups like the Ku Klux Klan and the White Citizens' Council used violence and terrorism to attack civil rights activists. So did the police in many states. Some churches which joined the SCLC, or did civil rights work, were bombed or set on fire.

In 1954, civil rights activists started "Citizenship Schools." These schools taught African-American adults to read so they could get driver's licenses; fill out forms; open bank accounts; and pass literacy tests that only black people had to pass to sign up to vote. The program spread across the South. They called themselves the "Highlander Folk School."

In 1961, the state of Tennessee took the Highlander Folk School's land and property away. In that year, the SCLC rescued the Citizenship School program. The Schools' teachers pretended to be teaching adults to read. Secretly, they were teaching about democracy, civil rights, leadership, getting people together to protest, politics, and protest strategies. All of these things would be very important in the Civil Rights Movement.

Eventually, close to 69,000 teachers taught Citizenship Schools throughout the South. Most of these teachers were volunteers who were not paid. Many of the Civil Rights Movement's adult leaders went to or taught Citizenship Schools.
The SCLC's work in the Civil Rights Movement included:

Ralph Abernathy became the President of the SCLC after Dr. King's murder. Under his leadership, the SCLC:

Abernathy was President until 1977. Joseph Lowery replaced him, and was President until 1997.

Since 1997, some of the issues the SCLC has worked on include:


Chivalric romance

Chivalric romances are stories, poems or songs. They were written about marvel-filled adventures. Knights having heroic qualities went on quests. It is the emphasis on love and courtly manners which distinguishes it from other kinds of epic. Other types of epic are about masculine military heroism.

Romances were written in European languages of the Middle Ages.

The best known romance was King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table. "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight" is another example.

Comet Swift–Tuttle

Comet Swift–Tuttle (109P/Swift–Tuttle) is a periodic comet with an orbital period of 133 years. It fits the classical definition of a Halley-type comet with a period between 20 and 200 years. It was independently discovered by Lewis Swift and Horace Parnell Tuttle in July 1862. It has a well-known orbit and has a comet nucleus 26 km in diameter.

Chinese records show that in 188 AD the comet reached apparent magnitude 0.1. In 1862, the comet was as bright as Polaris. The comet made a return appearance in 1992, and became visible with binoculars. In 2126 it will be a bright naked-eye comet reaching about apparent magnitude 0.7.

It is the parent body of the Perseid meteor shower, perhaps the best known shower and among the most reliable in performance.

A close encounter with Earth is predicted for the comet's return to the inner Solar System in the year 4479, around Sept. 15; the closest approach is estimated to be 0.03–0.05 AU, with a probability of impact of 1, or 0.0001%.

Comet Swift–Tuttle has been described as "the single most dangerous object known to humanity". However, the probability of Earth impact per orbit is about a million to one against. It is estimated as 2 (0.000002%). It is the largest Solar System object that makes repeated close approaches to Earth with a relative velocity of 60 km/s.

An unusual aspect of its orbit is that it is captured into a 1:11 orbital resonance with Jupiter; it completes one orbit for every 11 of Jupiter.

Spenserian stanza

The Spenserian stanza is a fixed verse form invented by Edmund Spenser for his epic poem "The Faerie Queene". Each stanza contains nine lines in total. The first eight lines are in iambic pentameter, that is consist of ten syllables, followed by a single alexandrine line in iambic hexameter, that is are made up of twelve syllables. The rhyme scheme of these lines is "a-b-a-b-b-c-b-c-c."

Many poets used the stanza after Spenser, for example Lord Byron (Chlide Harold's Pilgrimage), Percy Bysshe Shelley (Adonais), John Keats (The Eve of St. Agnes) and Alfred Tennyson (The Lotos-Eaters). Spenserian stanza remained a typical English form and it was never much popular outside England. Only few poets employed it in Central Europe, for example Juliusz Słowacki, Jan Kasprowicz and Jaroslav Vrchlický. 

Biotti

Biotti is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:


African fish eagle

The African fish eagle ("Haliaeetus vocifer") or the African sea eagle is a large species of eagle.

It is found throughout sub-Saharan Africa where there are large bodies of open water with plenty of fish. It is the national bird of Zimbabwe, Zambia and South Sudan.

This species looks a bit like the bald eagle. They are related, but live on different continents. The bald eagle lives in North America.

Caracol Televisión

Caracol Televisión is the most viewed national television network in Colombia, founded in 1969 and Caracol Internacional.

The Grupo Santodomingo is the Caracol Televisión's (or Canal Caracol) main actionist.


Fatima Naoot

Fatima Naoot ( فاطمه ناعوت ) (born September 18, 1964) is an Egyptian writer and poet. In January 2016, the Egyptian government sentenced Naoot to jail for 3 years after she wrote on Facebook about killing sheep for the Islamic feast Eladha (Sacrifice)in which Muslims slaughter sheep according to Islamic religion

Naoot was a candidate for the Egyptian parliament.

Naoot wrote several books of poetry and a book of poetry analysis. She also translated collections of poems from English into Arabic.
Fatima Naoot always seeks for freedom without any authority even if this authority will belong to any religion. In October she published a post on Facebook was describing "the Eid Al-Adha’s tradition of slaughtering sheep as the “greatest massacre committed by human beings.” Then one candidate from parliament said that "Her aim is to insult Islam". Thus she wrote through Ahram Online report "that humans justified their lust for killing and enjoying the smell of cooking game by attempting to bestow a divine meaning to their actions.” 

Because of the law of 1982 which stated that there is from six months to five years and fines of LE500 to LE1000 for anyone who uses religion to promote, through speech, writing, or any other medium, extremist ideas with the aim of spreading discord or to belittle one of the monotheistic religions or their different sects, or to harm national unity. she was put in jail for 3 years and fined 20.000 LE. She said in front of the court that "she did not aim to insult Islam, but she just explained her point of view. Naoot said through Middle east online "I’m not sad about the sentencing as I don’t care about going to jail. I’m sad that the efforts of reformists have been wasted”.

THE ARAB NETWORK FOR HUMAN RIGHTS INFORMATION issued a statement saying "“the recent surge in the prosecution of opinion makers comes in conjunction with a fierce security campaign launched by security bodies against freedom of opinion and expression, with the aim of narrowing the overall climate of freedom of opinion and expression. Such a matter, in turn, makes Egypt one of the most Arab countries that show hostility to freedom of expression as well as press freedom, especially that about 59 journalists have remained in prison so far.” Fatma is not a political figure, she is an Egyptian writer, poet, translator and journalist who always says her point of view. 


Guadarrama National Park

Sierra de Guadarrama National Park () is a national park in Spain. It covers about . The park is one of the biggest national parks in Spain. Only four national parks are bigger.
Guadarrama National Park has eleven different types of places for plants and animals to live (ecologies). More than 1,280 species of animals live in the park. Thirteen of them are endangered. There are more than 1,500 types of plants that come from the area. There are more than 30 types of vegetation.

Shita-kiri Suzume

Shita-kiri Suzume (which means "The Tongue-Cut Sparrow") is a Japanese folk legend. It is told by many parents to their children. The story is about being kind and helping someone who is hurt. It is also about being mean and greedy.

Shita-kiri Suzume is the story of an old man and an old woman who find a sparrow. The old man takes care of the sparrow and gives it food. The old woman treats the sparrow badly and cuts out the sparrow's tongue. After the sparrow flies away, the old man goes to find it in the mountains. When he does, the sparrows give him a choice between two baskets to take home. The basket he picks is filled with many good things. The old woman sees the good things and goes to the sparrows to get a basket for herself. She is greedy and mean when she talks to the sparrows, but they still give her a basket. She is not patient and opens the basket before she gets home. It is filled with bad and scary things.

Lester Menke

Lester D. Menke (December 16, 1918 – March 5, 2016) was an American politician. He was born in O'Brien County, Iowa. He was a state Representative from the Iowa's 5th and 7th Districts. He served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1973 to 1985. He served as Speaker pro Tempore from 1981 to 1985.

Menke died in Des Moines, Iowa on March 5, 2016 from dementia. He was aged 97.


Michael White (producer)

Michael White (16 January 1936 – 7 March 2016) was a Scottish movie and theatre producer. He was born in Glasgow, Scotland. White won two Tony Awards in 1971 and in 1973. White was known for his works in "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" and "Monty Python and the Holy Grail". 

White died on 7 March 2016 in Ojai, California. He died of heart failure. White was aged 80.

Jean-Bernard Raimond

Jean-Bernard Raimond (6 February 1926 – 7 March 2016) was a French politician. He served as Foreign Minister during the government of Jacques Chirac. Raimond was born in Paris. He served from 1986 to 1988. He was the French ambassador to a number of states from the 1970s to the 1990s. He also served as a deputy in the French National Assembly from 1993 to 2002.

Raimond died in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France on 7 March 2016. He was aged 90.

Donald Riegle

Donald Wayne Riegle, Jr. (born February 4, 1938) is an American politician. He was born in Flint, Michigan. He served for five terms as a Representative from 1967 through 1976. He served for three terms as a Senator in the U.S. Congress from 1976 through 1995. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

In 2016 and 2020, Riegle endorsed Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States.

Akira Yamaoka

Yamaoka studied product design and interior design at Tokyo Art College. He said that he first wanted to follow a career in design. He first joined Konami on September 21, 1993. On December 2, 2009, he announced that he was leaving Konami after 16 years with the company. He joined Grasshopper Manufacture on February 3, 2010.


Laws of conservation

The laws of conservation or law of conservation are:


Barrier

Barrier may refer to:


Southern American English

Southern American English (aka Southern U.S. English or Southern drawl) is a group of American English dialects used in the Southern United States. Southern English is usually used in Alabama, Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Texas, Oklahoma, Georgia and parts of Florida. Modern day Southern English dialects have been used in the following states: they include Illinois, Missouri, Nebraska, southern Iowa, south central Indiana, southern Ohio and Kansas.

The dialects are also used in some parts of the Mid-Atlantic States.

In Southern English, people use terms like "ain't", "you was","fixin to" (rather than "going to"), "been" (rather than "have been") and "that there".

Features of most southern accents include




Varieties include 







New York City English

New York City English (also called New York English) is a regional dialect of American English. It is spoken by many people in New York City and the New York metropolitan area. The dialect is known through its use in media. It is most often used in New York City itself and its nearby suburbs. However, it is used all across the metropolitan area.

The dialect is known for dropping the "r" in some words. For example, the word "cart" in New York sounds similar to "cot" or "caught".

Some New York area people say "tawk" for "talk" (which sounds like "toak", producing a « trumpet effect »).

There are many well known people and fictional characters who speak New York English. They include Archie Bunker, Bugs Bunny, Fran Drescher and Marisa Tomei.

Geomagnetic reversal

A geomagnetic reversal is a change in a planet's magnetic field such that the positions of magnetic north and magnetic south are interchanged.

This has happened 183 times over the last 83 million years, averaging about two or three times per million years. Before a change of magnetic field, the Earth's magnetic field becomes weaker and moves around, like a spinning top would before it falls. Scientists know this as a result of studies of magnetism on the sea floor, near the mid-Atlantic ridge. The lava slowly moves out of this crevasse (gap in the sea floor) and then it cools with its iron oxide molecules all pointing in the new direction of the Earth's magnetic field. We can look at the history of this magnetic field today to look back at the many flips in the past.

Reversals occur at intervals from less than 0.1 million years to as much as 50 million years. These periods are called "chrons".

There is no pattern to these changes, which seem to take place at random. Chrons last from between 0.1 and 1million years (see diagram) with an average of 450,000 years. Most reversals take between 1,000 and 10,000 years to happen.

The latest one, the Brunhes–Matuyama reversal, occurred 780,000 years ago; and may have happened very quickly, within a human lifetime. A brief complete reversal, known as the Laschamp event, occurred only 41,000 years ago during the last glacial period. That reversal lasted only about 440 years with the actual change of polarity lasting around 250 years. During this change the strength of the magnetic field weakened to 5% of its present strength. Brief disruptions that do not result in reversal are called geomagnetic excursions.

The past record of geomagnetic reversals was first noticed by observing the magnetic stripe reversals on the ocean floor. This soon led to the development of the theory of plate tectonics. The relatively constant rate at which the sea floor spreads causes "stripes" in the basalt. From these past magnetic fields polarity can be inferred. Data is got by towing a magnetometer along the sea floor.

No existing unsubducted sea floor is more than about 180 million years old, so other methods are used for detecting older reversals. Most sedimentary rocks have tiny amounts of iron rich minerals. Their orientation reflects the magnetic field when they formed. The rocks keep that record unless they get changed by some later process.

A "superchron" is a polarity interval lasting at least 10million years. There are two well-established superchrons, the Cretaceous Normal and the Kiaman.

The Cretaceous Normal (also called the Cretaceous Superchron or C34) lasted for almost 40million years. Between the Cretaceous Normal and the present, the frequency has generally increased slowly.

The Kiaman Reverse Superchron lasted from the late Carboniferous to the late Permian. That is more than 50million years, from 312 to 262 million years ago (mya). The magnetic field had reversed polarity. The name "Kiaman" derives from the Australian village of Kiama, where some of the first geological evidence of the superchron was found in 1925.

The magnetic field of the Earth, and of other planets that have magnetic fields, is caused by dynamo action of molten iron in the planetary core. This convection (movement) generates electric currents which in turn give rise to magnetic fields. In simulations of planetary dynamos, reversals occur from the underlying dynamics. For example, Gary Glatzmaier and collaborator Paul Roberts of UCLA ran a numerical model of the coupling between electromagnetism and fluid dynamics in the Earth's interior. Their simulation reproduced key features of the magnetic field over more than 40,000 years of simulated time and the computer-generated field reversed itself. Global field reversals at irregular intervals have also been observed in a laboratory liquid metal experiment VKS2.

As far as we know, there is no effect on life. Studies have been done to see if reversals relate in any way to extinction events. Statistical analysis shows no evidence for a correlation between reversals and extinctions.

Chron

A chron is a general term in Earth science. It means a period of time, usually less than a million years.


Economic deficit

Economic deficit is a status of financial health in which expenditures exceed revenue (more money being spent than coming in). The term "budget deficit" is most commonly used to refer to government spending rather than business or individual spending. When referring to accrued federal government deficits, the term "national debt” is used.

Root (disambiguation)

Root may refer to:

Root of a function

In mathematics, a root of a function "f" is a number x that turns the value of "f" to 0:

formula_1

for example, one of the roots of sin(x) is formula_2, the only root of formula_3 is 0, for 2x + 5 it's -2.5 and so on.

Because polynomials are also functions, roots are real things.

The fundamental theorem of algebra says every polynomial with complex coefficients has at least one (complex) root. Using the fundamental theorem of algebra and the polynomial remainder theorem together shows that every complex polynomial of degree "n" has exactly "n" complex roots, and some of them may be equal.

for first degree polynomials ax + b the root is x = formula_4.

for second degree polynomials ,formula_5 the roots are: formula_6.

there are also equations for solving 3rd and 4th degrees but Évariste Galois proved that 5th degree polynomials cannot be solved using .

Polynomial remainder theorem states that if a is a root of a polynomial P(x) If and only if P(x) is divisible by x-a.

the Fundamental theorem of algebra states that the Complex plane is an algebraically close Field meaning that any polynomial from degree n has exactly n roots including repeating roots.

if a Polynomial P(x) = formula_7, for t > 0, a is a root of P and a root of the first t-1 derivatives of P.

if P is a polynomial such that all of his coefficients are Integers:

1.if a is an Integer root of P, the constant coefficient is divisible by a.

2.if formula_8 is an Rational root of P, the constant coefficient is divisible by a and the leading coefficient is divisible by b.

for example : P(x) = formula_9, we can see that the root should be a divisor of 1 meaning it is 1 or -1, after we check the 2 options we can see that the root is -1.

De Moivre's formula

In mathematics, de Moivre's formula or de Moivre's theorem is an equation named after Abraham de Moivre. It states that for any real number "x" and integer "n", 

formula_1 

The formulation of De Moivre's formula for any complex numbers formula_2 (with modulus formula_3 and angle formula_4) is as follows:

formula_5

Here, formula_6 is Euler's number, and formula_7 is often called the polar form of the complex number formula_2.

The formula is very important because it connects complex numbers and trigonometry. It can be proved using the trigonometry form of complex numbers by mathematical induction, with the help of some trigonometrical identities. It can also be proved using Euler's formula as well. 

By using this formula, any equation of the form formula_9, where "w" is complex, can be solved.


Curtiss F6C Hawk

The Curtiss F6C Hawk is an american fighter. It's a biplane aircraft made in wood and metal. Is was used by US Navy between 1925 and 1932.

Airbus Helicopters H175

The Airbus Helicopters H175 is a European helicopter built by Airbus Helicopters, subsidiary of Airbus Group. It made first flight in 2009 as Eurocopter EC-175.

Sikorsky R-4

The Sikorsky R-4 is the first military helicopter built in USA. It flown during World War II and beginning of Korea War. Some were used by US Navy, US Coast Guard and Fleet Air Arm.

-KOREAN WAR-

The R-4 was used in Korea as a rescue helicopter helping to carry wounded troops to military hospitals. Sikorsky said his greatest accomplishment with the helicopter, even better than making more space for air fields was the tens of thousands of live his invention saved through the multitude of wars it was deployed in.

Ilyushin Il-86

Ilyushin Il-86 (Илью́шин Ил-86; NATO reporting name: Camber) is a Soviet civilian aircraft. It was the first wide-body aircraft built in USSR. Some are used by Russian Air Force as a transport aircraft. This is the basis of development of the military aircraft Ilyushin Il-80.

Jon English

Jonathan James "Jon" English (26 March 1949 – 9 March 2016) was an English-born Australian singer, songwriter, musician and actor. He was an early member of the band Sebastian Hardie. He played the role of Judas Iscariot in the Australian production of the stage musical "Jesus Christ Superstar" in 1972. He also performed in Gilbert and Sullivan's operettas "The Pirates of Penzance", "The Mikado" and "H.M.S. Pinafore" from 1984. He also acted in a number of television series. As a solo singer, his best known songs were "Turn the Page", "Hollywood Seven", "Words are Not Enough", "Six Ribbons" and "Hot Town".

English was born in Hampstead, London. He moved to Sydney as a child in 1961. He had four children. He was a fan of the Parramatta Eels.

English died from an aortic aneurysm caused by surgery problems on 9 March 2016 in Newcastle, New South Wales. He was 66.

Oprichnina

Oprichnina ("опричнина") is a state policy used by Russian Tsar Ivan the Terrible between 1565 and 1572. The origin of its name is old Russian "опричь", what means 'apart', 'except', or 'special'. Oprichnina included secret police, mass repressions, public executions, and confiscation (taking somebody's property) of land from the boyars. It was created because Ivan didn't trust the boyars (Russian feudal aristocrats) anymore.

Beechcraft King Air

The Beechcraft King Air is a twin-engine aircraft designed and built in USA. It is built in two major series: King Air 90 and King Air 100. It used as light business aircraft and light transport aircraft. 

Beechcraft Super King Air is a modern variant.

Beechcraft King Air are known in the US Army as U-21 Ute, for light transport duties. In US Navy it known as T-44 Pegasus, a trainer.

Airbus Helicopters

Airbus Helicopters is a French and German company that designs and produces civilians and militaries helicopters. The headquarters is in Marignane, France. Factories are in France, Germany, and for some helicopters in the United States. 

The company was previously named Eurocopter. The name change was made 1 January 2014. It's a part of the Airbus company.

Je suis Charlie

Je suis Charlie (French for "I am Charlie") is a French slogan. It appeared at the moment of the Charlie Hebdo shooting in Paris. Very quickly it became known all over the world. These three words were never translated and used as French language. It was created by French artist Joachim Roncin.

BAC Jet Provost

The British Aircraft Corporation Jet Provost is a British military aircraft. It's a single-turbojet aircraft. It was used by nine foreign countries as a trainer. British Aircraft Corporation Strikemaster is a modern variant for light attack duties.

Danville, New Hampshire

Danville is a small town in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. New Hampshire is in New England which is in the northeastern part of the United States. Danville is in the Southeast part of New Hampshire and is in Rockingham County. Danville has Sandown to its west, Hampstead to its south, Kingston to its east, and Fremont to its north.

It is in the Timberlane Regional School District, which consists of Atkinson, Plaistow, Sandown and Danville. It has a public elementary school named Danville Elementary School. Danville Elementary School has preschool to 5th grades.

Danville has a population of 4,408 people, as of 2020.


Mass grave

A mass grave is a grave where many bodies are buried together, without coffins. Mass graves are usually created when a large number of people die or are killed. For example, in the past, they have been used when many people die at once from disease, a natural disaster, or genocide.
Different people have come up with different meanings for the phrase "mass grave." Mass graves have been defined as:

Since 1993, the United Nations has defined a mass grave as a grave where three or more people are buried together.

For centuries, people around the world have used mass graves when many people died at once from epidemics of diseases. The goal of this type of mass grave is not to disrespect the bodies of the dead. The goal is to prevent disease from spreading from the dead to the living. Also, if too many people have died, it may be impossible to bury them all separately.

For example, during outbreaks of the bubonic plague ("The Black Death") in Europe, people were terrified of catching this disease from dead bodies. Often they buried plague victims in mass graves. Daniel Defoe, who lived during the Great Plague of London in 1655-1666, wrote about one mass grave:
However, at some mass graves for plague victims, people still tried to honor the dead with Christian burial traditions.

More recently, victims of natural disasters have been buried in mass graves. Like with mass graves for disease victims, mass graves for disaster victims are not meant to disrespect the dead. In disasters where many people die, it may not be possible to bury each person one by one.

For example, after 2010 Haiti earthquake, there were tens of thousands of bodies in the Haitian capital city of Port-au-Prince. In the first nine days after the earthquake, about 90,000 people were buried in mass graves, using bulldozers. There were so many bodies that there was no room, and not enough workers, to bury them one by one.

One Haitian man, who helped bury 2,500 people in three mass graves, said: "You have to understand that it's completely un-Haitian to dump bodies like this. We have extreme respect for the dead. And these people deserve a decent burial." Later, he and other volunteers put up crosses to mark the graves, put holy water on the graves, and had a priest say prayers for the dead. Like at the mass graves for the plague victims, they were still trying to honor the dead, even though they had to bury them in mass graves.

Some areas in Japan also had to use mass graves after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. In Japan, most people are cremated after they die. However, there were too many victims, and not enough kerosene to cremate them or dry ice to keep the bodies from decomposing. In one town, cremating all the town's victims would have taken 100 days. Because of this, some towns had to use mass graves to bury the dead.

Throughout history, people and governments that have murdered many people have buried them in mass graves. Unlike mass graves for victims of disease or disasters, this type of mass grave is often meant to disrespect the bodies of the dead after they are murdered.

Mass graves have been found from many of the international wars and civil wars in modern history. Here are a few examples.

During World War I, on July 19, 1916, about 2,300 British and Australian soldiers were killed in a battle with the German Army. In 2008, about 250 of their bodies were found in mass graves, where the Germans had buried them.

During The Holocaust, Nazi Germany killed six million Jewish people and millions of other people. Nobody knows exactly how many of these people are buried in mass graves. However, here are some examples of mass graves from Nazi murders:

During World War II, German soldiers who died when Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union were buried in mass graves in Eastern Europe. In 2013, the German War Graves Commission moved 70,000 soldiers from mass graves to a cemetery in Russia. This was the 82nd cemetery the Commission had built to re-bury soldiers buried in mass graves. All together, the 82 cemeteries hold more than 800,000 German soldiers. The Commission says there are at least 250,000 more German soldiers buried in mass graves throughout Eastern Europe.

The Soviet Union also used mass graves during World War II. For example, in the Piskaryovskoye Memorial Cemetery, they buried almost 500,000 civilians and soldiers in 186 mass graves. These people had died or been killed during the Siege of Leningrad.

In the Soviet Union, as many as 20 million people may have died or been murdered while Joseph Stalin ruled the government. Most of them were Soviet civilians. Many were buried in mass graves.

The biggest include:

Early on in the Korean War, South Korea killed at least 100,000 people who had been put in prison for their political beliefs. They buried many of these people in mass graves. In 2007, the South Korean Truth and Reconciliation Committee found four mass graves, with more than 400 people in them. The Committee estimates that there are about 150 mass graves in South Korea.

During the Vietnam War, in the Huế Massacre, the Viet Cong and the North Vietnamese Army murdered between 2,800 and 6,000 civilians and prisoners of war. They buried the bodies in dozens of mass graves.

From 1975 to 1979, the Khmer Rouge, ruled by Pol Pot, controlled Cambodia. The Khmer Rouge committed a genocide against the Cambodian people. Historians and scientists say that there are at least 20,000 mass grave sites in the country, holding at least 1,386,734 victims of execution.

During the Bosnian War (1992-1995), the Bosnian Serb Army killed more than 8,000 Bosnian Muslims in the Srebrenica genocide. They buried them in mass graves. In 2003, mass grave specialists found a mass grave that was "as big as a tennis court." It included victims of the Srebrenica genocide. By 2006, 42 mass graves had been found around Srebrenica, and specialists think there are at least 22 more. Another 2,070 victims have been found in the graves.

During the Kosovo War (1998-1999), Serbian soldiers committed many war crimes against the Albanian people. As of 2010, six mass graves had been found in Serbia with Albanian victims inside. The largest had between 705 and 1,000 bodies in it.

The Colombian government says that in its civil war, which is still going on today, its enemies have buried at least 6,000 people in mass graves.

CNN recently wrote that the terrorist group Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) killed more than 130 men, women, and children who refused to join ISIS. They buried their bodies in mass graves.


Fred West

Frederick Walter Stephen "Fred" West (29 September 1941 – 1 January 1995) was an English serial killer. West was born in Much Marcle, Herefordshire. His convictions included sexual assault and theft.

Between 1967 and 1987, West – alone and later with his second wife, serial killer Rosemary West – tortured and raped young women and girls, murdering at least 12, including their own family members. Fred killed at least two people before collaborating with Rose, while Rose murdered Fred's stepdaughter (his first wife's biological daughter) when he was in prison for theft. Most of the murders occurred between May 1973 and August 1979, in their homes at 25 Midland Road and 25 Cromwell Street in Gloucester. Many bodies were buried at or near these homes and sometimes even in the walls of their home.

The couple were apprehended and charged in 1994. Fred West hanged himself in his prison cell before going to trial. Rose West was imprisoned for life, in November 1995, found guilty on 10+ counts of murder. Their house at Cromwell Street was demolished in 1996 and the space converted into a landscaped footpath.

Twenty One Pilots

Twenty One Pilots (often written as twenty one pilots or TØP) is an American band from Columbus, Ohio. The band was formed in 2009. Its members are Tyler Joseph and Josh Dun. They put out two albums that they released themselves, "Twenty One Pilots" in 2009 and "Regional at Best" in 2011, before being signed by Fueled by Ramen in 2012. Their first album through a record label, "Vessel", was released with Fueled by Ramen in 2013. Their next album, "Blurryface", was released on May 15, 2015 through the same label. There was also rumors of a new album release with an email to their fans that had a GIF of a horse galloping through an eye that had the caption, "ARE YOU STILL SLEEPING?" Leading to many theories that their year-long hiatus had ended. The theories were right, and the band released two songs not too long after, coming from the studio album going by the name "Trench", which has a yellow theme, and was released on the 5th of October, 2018. They released a single named "Level of Concern" on April 9, 2020. They released four singles which are named , "Choker", "Saturday" and "The Outside" in 2021, and also an album, named "Scaled and Icy" on May 21 in that same year.


Eighteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Ratified on January 17, 1919 and went into effect a year later, the Eighteenth Amendment (Amendment XVIII) of the United States Constitution banned the making, transporting, and sale of alcoholic beverages in the United States. The Volstead Act was passed by Congress to enforce the Eighteenth Amendment. It did not prohibit the drinking of alcohol however. It started the period in American history called the Prohibition Era. This was a period of mass civil disobedience to the law. Those who could afford the higher prices of smuggled liquor went to illegal bars called speakeasies. Working class people tended to drink moonshine and so-called bathtub gin at home. The Eighteenth Amendment proved to be a major failure. Americans started drinking more than before and it caused crime to rise significantly. The Eighteenth Amendment was later repealed by the Twenty-first Amendment. It remains the only amendment to be repealed by another amendment to the Constitution.

The first clause, section one, says the law was to go into effect one year from its ratification. It was passed by Congress on December 18, 1917. The thirty-sixth state (required number for passage) to ratify the amendment did so 394 days later on January 16, 1919. The forty-seventh state to ratify the amendment was New Jersey on March 9, 1922. Rhode Island was the only state to reject ratification of the 18th Amendment.

The second clause gave the federal and state governments concurrent powers to enforce the amendment. Congress passed the national Prohibition Enforcement Act, also known as the Volstead Act. The act defined any beverage containing more than one-half of one percent an intoxicating beverage. It gave the Internal Revenue Service the power to enforce the law.

The third clause gave seven years as the time period for the states to ratify the amendment. This is the first amendment to have a limit on the time in which it was to be ratified. If it was not ratified by the required number of states in that time period, the amendment would not go into effect. Article Five of the United States Constitution requires an amendment be passed by three-quarters of the states. (36 out of the 48 states at that time.)

During the 1820s intense religious and social movements spread across the country calling alcohol and drunkenness a "national curse." They were called temperance movements. The first state to have a temperance law was Massachusetts who in 1838 enacted a law prohibiting the sale of liquor in less than quantities. In 1846, Maine passed the first state prohibition law. It was repealed two years later, still, other states also passed similar laws.

After the American Civil War, immigrants, mainly from Ireland, Germany, Italy and other parts of Europe, crowded major cities by the millions. Many of these men worked hard and drank just as hard. Beer became a favorite drink and many German-Americans who knew how to brew beer began producing it in large quantities. By the 1870s, many wives and mothers who were completely dependant on their men, began to protest having their lives ruined by alcohol. They were joined by a number of clergymen. They organized as the Woman's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU) and became a powerful force for change. They were joined by women such as Susan B. Anthony and Elizabeth Cady Stanton. prominent in the suffrage movement (women's right to vote). The temperance movement was able to put political pressure on politicians that many were afraid of. The WCTU began calling for a nation-wide ban on alcoholic drink. At first, most Senators were against the idea. But they also did not want to be seen as voting against it. For this reason they imposed a deadline for ratification of seven years. Many hoped it would not be ratified. But the plan did not work since it was ratified just over a year after its passage.

Gustav Boess, Mayor of Berlin visited New York City in late 1929. He asked the Mayor of New York City, Jimmy Walker, when prohibition was supposed to go into effect. At that time, prohibition had already been the law of the land for over nine years. That the German mayor even had to ask shows how well the Eighteenth Amendment had been working. In fact, it was not working very well at all.

Those who supported prohibition expected the sales of household goods and clothing to go up dramatically. Many expected real estate and rents to rise as bars closed and neighborhoods were cleaned up. Many producers of soft drinks, juices and chewing gum expected sales to go up as Americans had to find new ways of entertaining themselves. None of this happened. Instead, the unintended consequences proved to be a decline in amusement and entertainment industries across the country. Restaurants failed, as they could no longer make a profit without legal liquor sales. Theater revenues declined rather than increase, and few of the other economic benefits that had been predicted came to pass. Prohibition proved to be largely negative for the economy. Jobs in breweries, distilleries and bars were lost by the thousands. Truckers, waiters, barrel makers and many other related workers had large numbers of jobs lost. Perhaps the largest unintended consequence was the loss to the government in tax revenues. The state of New York lost almost 75 percent of its revenue. The federal government lost over $11 million in tax revenues while the cost to enforce it was over $300 million.

The prohibition laws had many loopholes (ways to get around the law) that were quickly taken advantage of. The biggest loophole was that neither the Eighteenth Amendment nor the Volstead Act made it illegal to drink or be drunk in public. Farmers who grew fruit quickly learned to sell their harvests in dehydrated bricks. The warning label included instructions on how to easily turn the bricks into alcoholic drinks. Pharmacists were allowed to prescribe whiskey for any number of ailments from anxiety to the flu. As bootleggers learned of this, the number of pharmacies tripled in places like New York state. Tools and ingredients to make alcohol at home were sold in hardware and grocery stores. Books on how to make liquor were also legal. 

Drinking under prohibition did not stop, it simply went underground. In New York City alone there were thousands of speakeasy clubs. The mob made millions in illegal sales of alcohol on the black market. Most Americans simply ignored the law. The agents who enforced prohibition laws were poorly paid and were easily bribed. Gangsters made money and became powerful under prohibition. They even cooperated with one another in setting prices. Organized crime gained a national foothold due to prohibition. One of the better known gangsters was Al Capone. When Capone arrived in Chicago in 1920 he immediately saw the opportunities that prohibition offered. He organized illegal bootlegging on an international scale. He even controlled the distribution of his alcohol. He hired his own delivery trucks, salespeople, and his own heavily armed guards to protect his investments. Capone was making over $100 million a year. He had no trouble bribing all the politicians and law enforcement members in his district.


Rockingham County, New Hampshire

Rockingham County is a county in the U.S. state of New Hampshire.

Atkinson, New Hampshire

Atkinson is a small town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire.

Sandown, New Hampshire

Sandown is a small town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire.

Messerschmitt Me 163

The Messerschmitt Me 163 is a German military aircraft used during World War II. It was a rocket-powered aircraft. It was designed by Lippisch.

The plane weighed 4200 pounds when it was empty and almost 10,000 pounds when it was full. It could fly 560 miles per hour. During the last part of World War II, Messerchmitts fought B-17 bombers over Germany. About 18 B-17s were shot down and about 10 Messerschmitts were shot down.

The fuel the Messerschmitts used sometimes exploded.

Mil Mi-8

The Mil Mi-8 is one of the most famous helicopters built in USSR during the Cold War. It is used for transport and attack by more than 50 countries in the world. It's the basis of Mil Mi-14 and Mil Mi-17 helicopters.


Yellow-bellied glider

The yellow-bellied glider ("Petaurus australis") is an arboreal and nocturnal gliding possum. It lives in the native eucalypt forests right down eastern Australia, from northern Queensland to Victoria.

The yellow-bellied glider lives in forests and woodlands in eastern Australia and is found at a range of altitudes from sea level to 1400 metres.

In North Queensland, the sub-species lives at over 700 m above sea level. There are 13 different populations in three places where this glider lives in North Queensland. One population lives on Mount Windsor Tableland, another on Mount Carbine Tableland, and the third lives in a linear habitat from Atherton to Kirrama on the Atherton Tableland. These three populations together have about 6000 individual gliders. With their habitat in danger, the yellow-bellied glider is classified as uncommon to rare and is named vulnerable to the tropics. This species is more widespread in southern Queensland, NSW and Victoria.

The yellow-bellied glider is and spends the day in a leaf-lined tree hole, which is usually shared with other members of the same family. It is also one of the most vocal possum gliders. It has a distinctive growling call that it uses as means of communication. A recording of the distinctive call can be heard at 

It eats nectar, honeydew, insects, pollen and a wide spread of tree sap. 

Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Ratified on August 18, 1920, Nineteenth Amendment (Amendment XIX) to the United States Constitution granted American women the right to vote. The amendment marked the end of a long struggle for women in the United States that began in the mid-nineteenth century. The movement, called women's suffrage, marked a radical change in how women were viewed in America. When the Constitution was written, it was accepted that a woman did not have a separate legal identity from her husband. Women's suffrage challenged that concept. The Nineteenth Amendment overturned an earlier decision by the United States Supreme Court in "Minor v. Happersett". The Court held that the right to vote, guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment to all citizens of the United States, did not apply to women. Women were citizens, but did not have the right to vote. The Nineteenth Amendment was first introduced in Congress in 1878 by Senator Aaron A. Sargent. The bill calling for the amendment was introduced unsuccessfully every year for the next 40 years. Finally, in 1919, Congress approved the amendment and submitted it to the states for ratification. A year later Tennessee gave the final vote needed to add the amendment to the Constitution. 

In Colonial America, women had fixed gender roles they learned from their mothers. Growing up, a woman was legally subordinate to her father. When she was married she became a "feme covert" (French: a married woman). Her property and her legal status transferred to her husband. The intent of this protected-class status was to protect women from the evils men dealt with including politics. In addition, the custom was also used to ban women from professional jobs, higher education, voting, serving on juries and testifying in court. Single women were limited to the jobs of teaching and nursing.

In 1848, the women's suffrage movement began on a national level. A convention in Seneca Falls, New York was organized by abolitionists Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Lucretia Mott that also demanded a woman's right to vote. Susan B. Anthony, along with other activists, joined Mott and Stanton in forming organizations that demanded the right to vote. Many of the early organizers never lived to see the passage of the Nineteenth Amendment some 70 years later.

When the Nineteenth Amendment became law, it guaranteed the right to vote could not be denied on account of sex. However, it was not the same as women being allowed to vote. The Supreme Court case of "Leser v. Garnett" (1922), while not intended to do so, established this right. The plaintiffs challenged the Nineteenth Amendment as being unconstitutional. They argued first, that the amendment was invalid because it increased the electorate without the state of Maryland's consent. They argued secondly that ratification was based on several states that denied women the right to vote in their state constitutions and therefore their legislatures did not have the right to ratify the amendment. The third argument was that the last two states to ratify the amendment, Tennessee and West Virginia, violated their own rules of procedure.

In a unanimous decision, the court rejected all three arguments. The first argument is invalid because wording was almost the same as the Fifteenth Amendment. Each used the same method of adoption so one cannot be valid and the other invalid. The second argument, that certain state legislatures did not have the power to ratify based on their own constitutions, is rejected because they were ratifying an amendment to the federal Constitution, and so is a federal function. The Court ruled the third argument a moot point because two other states after Tennessee and West Virginia (Connecticut and Vermont) who followed their own procedures would have been enough to ratify the amendment. But in addressing the substance of the argument, the Court went on to point out that the Secretaries of State of Tennessee and West Virginia each accepted the ratification by the legislatures making the ratification by those two states valid. The Nineteenth Amendment gave women the right to vote but "Lesser" made it certain the right could be used even in states where the state constitution did not allow it.


Ken Adam

Sir Kenneth Hugo Adam (born Klaus Hugo Adam; 5 February 1921 – 10 March 2016) was a German-born British movie production designer. He was born in Berlin. Adam was best known for his set designs for the James Bond movies of the 1960s and 1970s, as well as for "Dr. Strangelove". He won two Academy Awards (1975, 1994) and two BAFTA Awards (1964, 1965).

Adam died in London on 10 March 2016, aged 95.


Lloyd Shapley

Lloyd Stowell Shapley (June 2, 1923 – March 12, 2016) was an American mathematician and economist. He was known for his work on mathematical economics and especially game theory. Since the work of von Neumann and Morgenstern in 1940s, Shapley has been thought by many experts as the very creator of game theory. 

With Alvin E. Roth, Shapley won the 2012 Nobel Prize in Economics "for the theory of stable allocations and the practice of market design". In recent years, he worked at the University of California, Los Angeles.

Shapley was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He studied at Princeton University and at Harvard University. Shapley died on March 12, 2016 in Tucson, Arizona from complications of a broken hip. He was aged 92.

Ray Griff

Raymond "Ray" Griff (April 22, 1940 – March 9, 2016) was a Canadian country music singer-songwriter. He was from Vancouver, British Columbia. 

Griff began songwriting in the early 1960s. Griff moved to Nashville in 1964 to pursue his music career full-time. His first records as a singer were released in the late 1960s. Griff had his first hit, "Patches", a remake of the Clarence Carter soul hit in 1970 which peaked at No. 26 in "Billboard". 

Griff recorded for the small country label Royal American and later moved on to Dot Records without much success. His stint at Capitol Records from 1975-1979 was more successful, racking up eight more country top 40 hits, the most successful being 1976's "If I Let Her Come In" which peaked at No. 11.

Griff died in Canada from pneumonia after going through surgery on March 9, 2016. He was aged 75.

Naná Vasconcelos

Naná Vasconcelos (2 August 1944 – 9 March 2016) was a Brazilian percussionist, vocalist and berimbau player. He was known for his work as a solo artist on over two dozen albums, He worked with Pat Metheny, Don Cherry, Egberto Gismonti, Gato Barbieri and Milton Nascimento. He was born in Recife, Brazil.

Vasconcelos died in Recife, Brazil from lung cancer on 9 March 2016. He was aged 71.

Richard Davalos

Richard Davalos (November 5, 1930 – March 8, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his roles as Aaon Tusk in "East of Eden" and as Blind Dick in "Cool Hand Luke". He was born in The Bronx, New York. His career began in 1953. He retired in 2008.

Davalos died on March 8, 2016 at a hospital in Burbank, California. He was aged 85.


Article Seven of the United States Constitution

Article Seven of the United States Constitution explains what needs to happen for the Constitution to be approved. It says that nine states need to ratify the Constitution before it takes effect. To ratify the Constitution, a special group in each state called a Convention would have to approve the Constitution.

In Simple English, this means: The approval of nine states' Conventions will be enough to make this Constitution official in those states. 

Before the United States Constitution was passed, the United States had another constitution called the Articles of Confederation. These Articles made the United States into a confederation. The legislature of the confederation government was called the Congress of the Confederation.

After a few years, the Founding Fathers decided the United States needed a new constitution and a new form of government. They formed a group called the Constitutional Convention to write a new constitution. The group finished its final version of the Constitution on September 17, 1787. Three days later, the Convention gave its suggested Constitution to the Congress of the Confederation to get its support.

The Congress debated a lot about the Constitution. Members of Congress did not agree on whether Congress should support the new Constitution or not. On September 28, the Congress came to a compromise. They decided just to give the states the Constitution and let them vote on it. Congress would not suggest that the states pass the Constitution, or that they not pass it. This way, the decision would truly be up to the states; no state would be affected by Congress's opinion.

In 1787 and 1788, there were debates across the United States about the suggested new Constitution. Each state's Convention would have to vote on the Constitution. For a state to ratify the Constitution, more than half of the members of its Convention would have to vote for the Constitution.

On December 7, 1787, Delaware became the first state to ratify the suggested Constitution. All 30 of the members of its Convention voted for the Constitution.

On June 21, 1788, New Hampshire became the ninth state to approve the Constitution. Now that nine states had ratified the Constitution, it became the highest and most important law of the United States. The United States would have a new form of government, based on the ideas set out in the Constitution.

However, four states still had not approved the Constitution. These states were Virginia, New York, North Carolina, and Rhode Island. If they did not approve the Constitution, they would not be a part of the new government of the United States.

The Congress of the Confederation decided that the United States would start using the new Constitution on March 4, 1789. Before that day, Virginia and New York ratified the Constitution. However, when the first United States Congress gathered on March 4 to form the new government, North Carolina and Rhode Island still had not approved the Constitution. After the new Congress added the Bill of Rights to the Constitution, though, North Carolina and Rhode Island ratified the Constitution.

The Constitution was ratified by the states in this order:


Roberto Perfumo

Roberto Alfredo Perfumo (3 October 1942 – 10 March 2016) was an Argentine footballer and sports commentator. He was nicknamed "El Mariscal". He was thought as one of the best Argentine defenders ever. Perfumo played for Racing, River Plate and Brazilian team Cruzeiro. With the national team, he played the 1966 and 1974 World Cups.

Perfumo died at 73 from a skull injury after falling from a stairway in Buenos Aires on 10 March 2016.

Aldo Ferrer

Aldo Ferrer (April 15, 1927 – March 8, 2016) was an Argentine economist and policy maker. Ferrer was one of the leading figures of economic nationalism in Argentina. He served as Minister of Economy from 1970 through 1971. He later served as an ambassador to France from Argentine. He served as ambassador from 2011 through 2013. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Ferrer died in Buenos Aires on March 8, 2016. He was aged 88.

Article Six of the United States Constitution

Article Six of the United States Constitution says that the Constitution, and any laws or treaties the United States might make, will be the most important laws in the United States. It also says that the United States will pay debts from before the Constitution was written. Finally, it says that members of the United States government have to swear that they will obey the Constitution. However, they will never have to swear that they follow a certain religion.

Before the United States Constitution was written, the United States had another constitution called the Articles of Confederation. The Articles made the states into a Confederation.

The first part of Article Six says that the United States will still honor and pay all of its debts from before the Constitution was written. The Article says that "these debts are as valid against the United States under this Constitution, as [they were] under the Confederation [governed by the Articles of Confederation]."

The second clause of Article Six is often called the "Supremacy Clause." It says that these things are the "supreme" laws in the United States the most powerful and most important laws in the country:

Because these laws are supreme:

For example, part of the Constitution called the Bill of Rights gives people the right to freedom of religion. Because the Constitution is the supreme law of the land:

A few Supreme Court decisions helped make the Supremacy Clause clearer.

The first important case was "Marbury v. Madison" (1803). In this case, the Supreme Court ruled that it had the power to review state courts' decisions, if those decisions seemed like they did not follow the supreme law. This power is called judicial review.

In "Martin v. Hunter's Lessee" (1816), the United States Supreme Court ruled that it was more powerful than the state Supreme Courts. In the case, the Virginia Supreme Court said that a United States Supreme Court decision was unconstitutional, and told all of the Virginia state courts not to obey it. The United States Supreme Court ruled that it had the final say in legal issues that had to do with federal laws not the state courts. If a state court and the United States Supreme Court disagree, the Supreme Court is the supreme law of the land.

Three years later, in "McCulloch v. Maryland" (1819), the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that states cannot control federal institutions. The state of Maryland had tried to tax a federal bank. The Supreme Court ruled that states cannot tax government property. This was another example of a case where the U.S. Supreme Court decided that the "supreme laws of the land" were more powerful than state laws or court decisions.

In 1824, the Supreme Court ruled on "Gibbons v. Ogden" (1824). The state of New York had given Aaron Ogden a monopoly over the steamboat business in the Hudson River. However, Thomas Gibbons got the same power from a federal government permit. The Supreme Court decided that the federal permit was more powerful than the state monopoly. Supreme Court Justice John Marshall wrote: 
Finally, in "Reid v. Covert" (1957), the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that no branch of the United States government can be given extra powers by a treaty, if those powers were not given to it by the Constitution. This case showed that the Constitution could even limit the power of treaties, and was truly the supreme law of the land.

The last part of Article Six is sometimes called the "No Religious Test Clause."

This clause says that people have to swear to support the Constitution if they are:

Congress gets to decide the exact words in this oath to support the Constitution. However, in this oath, they cannot require a "religious test." This means they cannot make a person swear that they follow a certain religion.

Under this clause, Congress may include the words "so help me God" in the oath. However, a person cannot be required to say those words. A person cannot be required to swear or say anything about religion in order to work for the United States government.

During the 1960 presidential campaign, John F. Kennedy was running for President. If he were elected, he would be the first Catholic president ever. Many people were unsure that Americans should elect a Catholic as president. This raised the question of whether Americans not their government were requiring a "religious test" for their President. Would they require that a President be a Protestant in order to get elected? 

On September 12, 1960, Kennedy talked about this issue directly in his :

Kennedy won the election.


David S. Johnson

David Stifler Johnson (December 9, 1945 – March 8, 2016) was an American computer scientist. He was known for his works in algorithms and optimization. He was the head of the Algorithms and Optimization Department of AT&T Labs Research from 1988 to 2013. He was a visiting professor at Columbia University from 2014 to 2016. He was awarded the 2010 Knuth Prize.

Johnson died on March 8, 2016 at the age of 70.

Alfred E. Senn

Alfred Erich Senn (April 12, 1932 – March 8, 2016) was an American professor of history. He worked at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Senn was born in Madison, Wisconsin. Senn was the author of eight books. He taught about the history of Lithuania.

Senn died in Madison, Wisconsin at the age of 83.


Bill Wade

William James "Bill" Wade (October 4, 1930 – March 9, 2016) was an American football quarterback. He played professionally in the National Football League (NFL). He was thought as one of the greatest athletes in Nashville and Vanderbilt University history.

Wade was a member of the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame. He was best known for being the starting quarterback on the Chicago Bears' 1963 NFL championship team. He also played for the Los Angeles Rams.

Wade died in Nashville, Tennessee on March 9, 2016. He was aged 85.

Rafiq Azad

Rafiq Azad (born Rafiqul Islam Khan; February 14, 1942 – March 12, 2016) was a Bangladeshi poet, editor and writer. He was born in Tangail. He wrote over 45 collections of poetry including "Prakriti O Premer Kabita, Asambhaber Paye, Sahasra Sundar, Haturir Nichae Jiban, Khub Beshi Durea Noy, Khamakaro Bahaman Hey Udar Amiyo Batas" and others. He was a freedom fighter during the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971. Azad was called as one of the most important young poets in the post-Liberation War period.

Azad died in Dhaka, Bangladesh from a stroke on March 12, 2016. He was aged 74.

József Verebes

József Verebes (23 March 1941 – 13 March 2016) was a Hungarian football manager and player. He was born in Budapest. Verebes played for Ferencvárosi TC from 1961 through 1962. He managed the Hungary national football team in 1987.

On 15 October 2010, Verebes became the coach of Nagytétény SE, competing in the Budapest championship. Verebes became the advisor of his former club Rába ETO in 2011.

Verebes died in Budapest from complications of a stroke at the age of 74.

Martin Olav Sabo

Martin Olav Sabo (February 28, 1938 – March 13, 2016) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party (DFL). He served as a United States Representative for , which includes Minneapolis. He served as a representative from 1979 through 2007. 

Sabo was born in Crosby, North Dakota. He studied at Augsburg College. Sabo died in Minneapolis, Minnesota from respiratory failure, aged 78.



Iolanda Balaș

Iolanda Balaș (, , later "Balázs-Sőtér Jolán"; 12 December 1936 – 11 March 2016) was a Romanian Olympic athlete. She was a champion and former world record holder in the women's high jump. She was the first Romanian woman to win an Olympic gold medal and is considered to have been one of the greatest high jumpers of the twentieth century.

Balaș was diagnosed several years ago with type II diabetes. She died in Bucharest, Romania from complications from a gastric disorder, at the age of 79.

Bill Gadsby

William Alexander Gadsby (August 8, 1927 – March 10, 2016) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played for the Chicago Black Hawks, New York Rangers, and Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League. He was born in Calgary, Alberta.

Gadsby died in Farmington Hills, Michigan on March 10, 2016. He was aged 88.

Ernestine Anderson

Ernestine Anderson (November 11, 1928 – March 10, 2016) was an American jazz and blues singer. She recorded over 30 albums. She was nominated four times for a Grammy Award. 

She sung at Carnegie Hall, the Kennedy Center, the Monterey Jazz Festival (six times over a 33-year span), as well as at jazz festivals all over the world. In the early 1990s she joined Qwest Records, the label of fellow Garfield High School grad Quincy Jones. Her career lasted for 60 years. Anderson was born in Houston, Texas.

Anderson died in her sleep in Seattle, Washington on March 10, 2016. She was aged 87.

Claude Estier

Claude Estier (8 June 1925 – 10 March 2016), born Claude Hasday Ezratty, was a French politician and journalist. He was deputy of Paris in 1967-1968 and again in 1981-1986. He was then Senator from 1986 to 2004 and was President of the Socialist group in the Senate from 1988 to 2004. In 1955 he joined the political redaction of Le Monde. He quit in 1958.

Louis Meyers

Louis Jay Meyers (June 21, 1955 – March 11, 2016) was an American festival organizer and co-founder of South By Southwest. He was born in Austin, Texas. Meyers was the event’s primary music booker until he sold his share in the event after the 1994 conference. Meyers was also an multi-instrumentalist and producer. From 2005 to 2013, Meyers was executive director of Folk Alliance International.

Meyers was admitted to a hospital in Austin on March 10, 2016 and initially was diagnosed with blood clots. He then died of a suspected heart attack the next day at his home. He was aged 60.

Gogi Grant

Myrtle Audrey Arinsberg (September 20, 1924 – March 10, 2016), known as Gogi Grant, was an American popular singer. She was best known for her No. 1 hit in 1956, "The Wayward Wind". She was voted the most popular female vocalist by "Billboard" magazine. This single returned to the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1961. She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 

Grant died on March 10, 2016 in Philadelphia, aged 91. Her death was announced by her son, Joshua Beckett. She also had a daughter, Jeri Brown.

Jovito Salonga

Jovito "Jovy" Reyes Salonga (June 22, 1920 – March 10, 2016) was a Filipino statesman and lawyer. He was known as a leading opposition leader during the regime of Ferdinand Marcos. He served as the opposition leader from 1972 until the People Power Revolution in 1986, which removed Marcos from power. Salonga was the 14th President of the Senate of the Philippines serving from 1987 to 1992.

Salonga died in March 10, 2016 from cardiac arrest in Quezon City. He was aged 95.

Dragan Nikolić

Dragoslav "Dragan" Nikolić (; 20 August 1943 – 11 March 2016) was a Serbian actor. He was born in Belgrade. In 1967 he starred in the movie "Kad budem mrtav i beo". Nikolić has since appeared in many movies of different genres. He was one of the most well-known actors in Serbian cinema. 

In 2000, he received the "Pavle Vuisić" Award for his lifework. From 2011 to 2013, he was the television host on the Serbian edition of quiz "Millionaire".

Nikolić died in Belgrade from cancer at the age of 72.

Rómulo Macció

Romulo Macció (1931 – 11 March 2016) was an Argentine painter. He worked with the local avant-garde art movement which took shape during the 1960s. He was born in Buenos Aires. 

Macció described much of the genteel portrait and landscape art available at that time as "pink chocolate." He was awarded the De Ridder Prize in 1959 and the Torcuato di Tella Institute International Prize in 1962. He helped create the Neo-figurative movement that swept Latin American art during the 1960s. 

Macció died in Buenos Aires on 11 March 2016. He was aged 84.


Lawrence Van Gelder

Lawrence Van Gelder (February 17, 1933 – March 11, 2016) was an American journalist and instructor. He has worked at several different New York City-based newspapers in his long career. He was born in New York City.

Until 2010, he was senior editor of the Arts and Leisure weekly section of "The New York Times" as well as a movie critic. Among the newspapers for which Van Gelder has worked are the "New York Daily Mirror", the "New York Journal-American" and the "World-Journal-Tribune".

Gelder died of leiomyosarcoma (soft muscle cancer) on March 11, 2016, aged 83.

South Gyeongsang Province

South Gyeongsang is a province in South Korea. It has cities including its capital Changwon, Gimhae, and Sangju. South Gyeongsang's governor is Park Wan-su.

In 1895, Gyeongsang-do divided. In the south, the west was called Jinju, and the east Dongnae. In 1896, Jinju and Dongnae joined, making Gyeongsangnam-do. In 1896 the provincial capital was Jinju, but it changed to Busan in 1925. In 1963, Busan separated, so in 1983 the provincial capital moved to Changwon. Ulsan separated in 1997.

South Gyeongsang's area is 10531.1km². It occupies 10.6% of South Korea's whole area. South Gyeongsang's area is the fourth largest of the 16 cities and provinces.

South Gyeongsang's population is 3,364,695 and the population density is 307/km².

There are 8 cities and 10 counties in South Gyeongsang.


Aphelion (disambiguation)

Aphelion might mean:


Sikorsky S-76

The Sikorsky S-76 is an American helicopter. It is used both by civil and military aviation.

Fairey Hendon

The Fairey Hendon is the first British bomber built in metal. It was designed for night flight. It was used only by the RAF.


2016 Saxony-Anhalt state election

The Saxony-Anhalt state election was held on 13 March 2016 in the German State of Saxony-Anhalt for the next composition of the Parliament of Saxony-Anhalt. The incumbent Governor is Reiner Haseloff of the CDU, governing with the SPD.


The only realistic possibility would be a coalition government of the CDU, SPD and the Greens. Together, they would have a 2-seat majority . Other combinations (such as the CDU and The Left or CDU and AfD) are highly unlikely. The stark differences among the parties will make it harder for negotiations to create a coalition.
The reference for the polls is wahlrecht.de.


North American Aviation A3J Vigilante

The North American Aviation A3J Vigilante is an American reconnaissance and attack aircraft. It served with US Navy onto aircraft carrier. After September 1962 A3J Vigilante began A-5 Vigilante.

Twentieth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Ratified on January 23, 1933, the Twentieth Amendment (Amendment XX) to the United States Constitution moved the beginning and ending of the terms of the president and vice president from March 4 to January 20. It moved the start and end dates for members of Congress from March 1 to January 21. In both cases the start and end time is at noon. It also gives the procedure to follow if for some reason there is no president-elect.

In the later part of the eighteenth century, when the Constitution was written, travel and communications were both very slow by modern standards. To cross the Atlantic Ocean could take several weeks. Traveling by horseback or by carriage on crude roads in the US could take even longer. Communications were mainly by letter or messenger. For these reasons the framers of the Constitution allowed for the longer periods of time it took to send and receive messages. Four months, the time from the election in November to the swearing-in in March, was necessary at the time.

By the 1930s, a railroad passenger could cross the country in 3 days. The Post Office had been using airmail since 1918. But vastly improved travel times and communications were not the only reasons behind the Twentieth Amendment. The joint resolution calling for the amendment was sponsored by Republican Senator George William Norris of Nebraska. Called the "Lame Duck" Amendment, it acquired this name because Norris wanted to eliminate the lame-duck sessions of Congress where outgoing members still held office and voted on bills for several months before the new members could be sworn in. The bill he wrote applied to both houses of Congress, the offices of President and Vice-President.

Another area the amendment addressed was with the succession of the president if the president-elect died before taking office. It provides for the vice-president elect to become the president-elect and take office on January 20. The amendment also give Congress the power to legislate on other issues dealing with the succession of the president.

The sessions of Congress between the election and the beginning of a new term are called "lame duck" sessions because members of Congress who were voted out of office still attend and can still vote. Originally the term "lame duck" was a financial term meaning those who could not repay a loan. As used in politics, a representative who lost an election was no longer accountable to the voters. As the framers of the Twentieth Amendment saw it, lame duck representatives should not be able to vote since voters had already rejected their views. The Twentieth Amendment only shortened the lame duck period by six weeks. Between 1933 and 2012, 18 lame-duck sessions of Congress have passed laws. 


Noura Ghazi

Noura Ghazi (نورة غازي) also Noura Ghazi al-Safadi ( نورة غازي الصفدي ) was born September 30 1981 in Damascus, Syria. She is a Syrian lawyer. Her husband, Bassel disappeared in Syria in 2014.

Ghazi's father was an activist for workers. When Ghazi was five years old, her father was sent to prison by the Supreme Court of State Security. Noura Ghazi studied law at Damascus University.

Ghazi became a human rights lawyer in 2004. She defends people who are in jail because they are prisoners of conscience in Syria.

Ghazi's husband Bassel Khartabil (Arabic: باسل خرطبيل‎), or Bassel Safadi (Arabic: باسل صفدي‎), a Syrian-Palestinian who wrote open-source software, was arrested on March 15, 2012. They were married at Adra prison on January 7, 2013.

While Bassel was in prison, from 2012-2015, Ghazi wrote a book about him called "Waiting". Bassel translated the book into English.


Preamble to the United States Constitution

The Preamble to the United States Constitution is a brief introduction to the Constitution's purposes and guiding principles. It provides the Founding Fathers' intentions for creating the Constitution and what they hoped the Constitution would achieve. It was added to the Constitution as an afterthought and was not discussed on the floor of the Constitutional Convention nor was it voted on. Gouverneur Morris, one of the writers of the Constitution, wrote and added it at the last moment. The Preamble itself did not have any legal meaning. The Supreme Court upheld this view in "Jacobson v. Massachusetts" (1905).

"We the People" means all of the citizens of the United States.
The first few words of the Preamble "We the People of the United States" were very different than any treaty or law the United States had ever written before. For example, the United States' first constitution, the Articles of Confederation, describes itself as "Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union between the States," and then gives a list of all thirteen states. The treaties the United States had signed were the same. They were agreements between states, not people.

At the time, Gouverneur Morris chose to write "We the People" instead of saying "We the United States of..." and then listing all thirteen states. First of all, Article Seven of the Constitution said that only nine states had to approve the Constitution for it to take effect. At the time, nobody knew which states would ratify the Constitution and which would not. Because of this, the Preamble could not list all thirteen states as if they had all already agreed. Also, if other states joined the United States later, it would be impossible to add their names to the list. For these reasons, the Preamble had to start with "We the People."
The words "We the People" turned into a strong statement that this new government was made by the people of the United States, to benefit the people of the United States. When Virginia's delegates were debating the Constitution, Governor Edmund Randolph pointed out: "The government is for the people; and the [problem] was, that the people had no [power] in the government before." If the people are going to have to follow the government, he said, should not the people be the ones to create that government?

"In order to form a more perfect union" is a concept most likely based on "Commentaries on the Laws of England" by Sir William Blackstone. It was widely read at the time and many of the framers were students of his work. Blackstone stated the constitution of England was perfect, but steadily improving. The phrase "a more perfect union" simply meant a better one than any before the Constitution.

Before the government based on the Constitution, the United States was based on the Articles of Confederation. However, had very little power as a federal government. They did not give the United States government enough power for the country to work and grow. Every state was for itself, instead of working cooperatively. Sometimes they acted like thirteen separate countries that would only come together if another country attacked them.
"Establish justice" meant to establish the rule of law. It meant that everyone was equal before the law with no distinction between the status or wealth of a person. With their new government, the Founding Fathers wanted to establish (create) justice and fairness. When the British Empire governed the American colonies, the colonists did not think the government was fair. For example, Parliament would decide that the colonists had to pay taxes on items like stamps and things that were made in other countries. The colonists did not have any say in this.

Even after the United States became independent, many of the Founding Fathers thought that the states had too much power under the Articles of Confederation. They thought the states had taken away people's rights.

For example, during the Shays' Rebellion in Springfield, Massachusetts, the state of Massachusetts:

Shays' Rebellion was still fresh in the minds of the framers. It cause many to fear the spirit of the American Revolutionary War might be getting out of hand. There was a need to keep peace in the new country

Just five years after the Articles of Confederation were ratified in 1781, many Americans were unhappy with the Articles. Many of the Founding Fathers thought that the Articles had made the United States government too weak. Shays' Rebellion made it very clear that the national government under the Articles of Confederation was not strong enough. Daniel Shays, a veteran of the American Revolutionary War, led the rebel farmers trying to overthrow the Massachusetts government. The farmers had formed an entire army, which neither the state or federal governments had enough soldiers or money to fight. In desperation Massachusetts offered to pay for a private army to fight the rebellion. Finally, in 1787, that private army defeated the rebels.

John Jay, one of the Founding Fathers, said that after the United States government could not pay for soldiers to defend against any armed rebellion: "the inefficiency of the Federal government [became] more and more [obvious]." Another Founding Father, Henry Knox, said that Shays' Rebellion convinced many people that the United States needed a stronger federal government. The Rebellion made it clear that the states were not protected, and if they were attacked, they would be on their own. 

"Provide for the common defense" meant the framers were well aware that independence from Great Britain did not mean they were secure. British Canada to the north was still full of angry loyalists. To the west were unknown numbers of hostile Native American tribes. Farther west was the vast Louisiana territory held by France. To the south the Spanish held Florida. Worse, these powers were fighting a series of wars in Europe that affected much of North America. The framers knew America needed to protect itself. Providing for the common defence meant the new government would make sure all of the states were protected and defended if attacked.

"Promote the general welfare" is the basic goal of all governments. It was the main reason for having a constitution.

In general, this part of the Preamble means that one of the new government's jobs would be to make things better for the whole country. Specifically, this part of the Preamble has to do with the government's powers to tax people and spend money. It means that the new government will only have the power to tax and spend on things that are good for the entire country. The government will not be allowed to spend money on things that will be good for only a part of the country, or only some people in the country.

For example, of the Constitution gives Congress the power to tax people and spend money on creating Post Offices and building roads for mail carriers to use. Congress can do this because Post Offices will "promote the general Welfare"—everybody in the country will benefit from being able to send and get mail.

"Secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity" was important since many had come to America from places with little political or religious freedom. This phrase demonstrates the intent of the new government to protect the newly-won freedoms and protect against a tyrannical government.

However, the Articles of Confederation were all about the states' rights. At that time, many people were afraid of having a federal government that was too strong. These people were called anti-federalists. They included some of the Founding Fathers, like Patrick Henry and James Monroe. The anti-federalists worried that a strong federal government could become tyrannical and take away the rights of individual states, like they thought the British colonial government had done. They also worried that a government ruled by a President might turn into a monarchy, where the President would become a King and have total power. Because of these worries, the Articles of Confederation talked all about states' rights, and not about individual people's rights. The framers wanted to establish these rights for the people of the United States and their "posterity" meaning all the generations of Americans who would follow.

"Do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America" is perhaps the strongest statement in the Preamble. It says in effect that the people made the Constitution and it is the people who give it power.
The Preamble to the United States Constitution, is the beginning of the Constitution. It is not a law. Instead, it talks about the Founding Fathers' reasons for writing the Constitution, and what they hope the Constitution will do.


Thelma Aldana

Thelma Aldana or Thelma Esperanza Aldana Hernández de López (born September 27, 1955), is a Guatemalan lawyer. She became a judge in the Supreme Court in 2009. She was elected president of the Supreme Court from 2011 to 2011. In 2013 she replaced Claudia Paz y Paz as Guatemala’s attorney general.

Aldana graduated from the University of San Carlos in Guatemala. She has a Master's degree in Civil and Procedural Law.

In 2011, when she was president of the Supreme Court, Aldana started special courts in Guatemala for femicide cases. Killing women, and violence against women became a crime in Guatemala. Eleven districts now have the special courts. Judges and police officers receive special gender crime training. Every year there are 56,000 reports of violence against women.

In 2015 Aldana led an investigation into government corruption. As a result, the president of Guatemala resigned.



Suranimala Rajapaksha

Jayasinghe Rajapakse Mohottige Don Suranimala Rajapaksha (Sinhala:සුරනිමල රාජපක්ෂ) (5 January 1949 – 14 March 2016) was a Sri Lankan politician. He was first elected to the Parliament of Sri Lanka in 1994. He was the Minister of School Education in Republic Socialist of Sri Lanka in 2001 to 2004. He was a member of the United National Party (UNP) and a member of UNP Working Committee. He was appointed as the Coordinating secretary to the Prime Minister Ranil Wickremasinghe on 27 January 2015.

Rajapaksha died on 14 March 2016 at a hospital in Colombo, Sri Lanka from renal failure. He was aged 67.

Doreen Massey

Doreen Barbara Massey FRSA FBA FAcSS (3 January 1944 – 11 March 2016) was a British social scientist and geographer. She was working among others on topics involving Marxist geography, feminist geography, and cultural geography. Her work on space, place and power has been highly helpful within a range of related disciplines and research fields. She served as Emeritus Professor of Geography at the Open University.

Massey died on 11 March 2016 from pancreatic cancer. She was aged 72.


Hilary Putnam

Hilary Whitehall Putnam (July 31, 1926 – March 13, 2016) was an American philosopher, mathematician, and computer scientist. He was a central figure in analytic philosophy from the 1960s. He worked in philosophy of mind, philosophy of language, philosophy of mathematics, and philosophy of science. Until his death, Putnam was Cogan University Professor Emeritus at Harvard University.

Putnam was born in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Harvard University, at University of Pennsylvania and at the University of California, Los Angeles. Putnam died on March 13, 2016 from mesothelioma at his home in Boston, Massachusetts. He was aged 89.


Davy Walsh

David Joseph Walsh (28 April 1923 – 14 March 2016), commonly referred to as Davy Walsh or Dave Walsh, was an Irish footballer. He was born in Waterford, Ireland.

He played as a centre forward for, among others, Linfield, West Bromwich Albion and Aston Villa. Walsh was a dual international. He played for both Ireland teams – the FAI XI and the IFA XI. 

In 1949, he was a member of the FAI XI that defeated England 2–0 at Goodison Park, becoming the first team to beat England at home.

Walsh died on 14 March 2016 from pneumonia in Dublin, Ireland. He was aged 92.


San Francisco (disambiguation)

San Francisco is a combined city/county in the U.S. state of California.

San Francisco may also refer to:






Sergio Arellano Stark

Sergio Arellano Stark (10 June 1921 – 9 March 2016) was a Chilean military officer. He led the so-called “Caravan of Death". It killed many Chileans from helicopters and established Augusto Pinochet’s hold on power. He was born in Santiago, Chile.

Stark died in Santiago, Chile on 9 March 2016 from complications of Alzheimer's disease. He was aged 94.

Martha Wright

Martha Wright, born Martha Lucile Wiederrecht (March 23, 1923 – March 1, 2016), was an American actress and singer. She performed on Broadway and on television. She was in "South Pacific" and "The Sound of Music". 

Wright died at the age of 92 in Newburyport, Massachusetts on March 1, 2016.


Thomas G. Morris

Thomas Gayle Morris (August 20, 1919 – March 4, 2016) was an American politician. He was born in Eastland County, Texas. Morris served in the New Mexico House of Representatives from 1953 to 1958. He was elected as a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives in 1958. Morris began serving on January 3, 1959, and left office January 3, 1969, after being defeated for re-election.

Morris died in Amarillo, Texas on March 4, 2016 at the age of 96.

Morgan F. Murphy

Morgan Francis Murphy (April 16, 1932 – March 4, 2016) was an American politician. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives representing Illinois's 2nd district. He served from 1973 through 1981. He replaced Abner J. Mikva. He later served as a U.S. representative for Illinois's 3rd district. He served from 1971 through 1973.

Murphy died in Chicago, Illinois from prostate cancer on March 4, 2016. He was aged 83.

Article Five of the United States Constitution

Article Five of the United States Constitution outlines how the Constitution can be changed. Changes to the Constitution are called Constitutional amendments.

Article Five also says that there are certain clauses, or parts, of Article One of the Constitution that could not be amended right away. These clauses are explained in the "Protected clauses" section.

Before the Constitution was approved, the United States was covered by its first constitution, the Articles of Confederation.

Under the Articles of Confederation, amendments had to be approved by a unanimous vote in all 13 state legislatures. Not only did every state legislature have to agree on the amendment. If a single state Senator or Representative in the country disagreed with an amendment, the amendment would fail. This made it basically impossible to get any amendments passed.

When the Founding Fathers wrote Article Five, they were trying to make sure changing the Constitution was not too hard, but not too easy either. James Madison later explained that the amendment process in the Constitution "guards equally against that extreme facility which would render the Constitution too mutable; and that extreme difficulty which might perpetuate its discovered faults."

In Simple English, Madison meant that the amendment process protects equally against:

There are two steps in the process for changing the Constitution. The first step is proposing (formally suggesting) an amendment. Article Five of the Constitution allows this to be done in two different ways.

The first way is the most common way. Any member of Congress can suggest an amendment. However, two-thirds (67%) of both the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives have to agree that the amendment is needed. If this happens, the proposed amendment moves to Step 2 in the process.

As of 2020, the second way has never been used. However, it exists to protect the rights of the state legislatures. If two-thirds of the state legislatures ask them to, Congress has to call a Constitutional Convention. Delegates would come to the Convention from each state. The Constitutional Convention could propose as many amendments as they wanted to. All of the amendments they proposed would move to Step 2 in the process.

At first, when the Founding Fathers were writing the Constitution, they were only going to give Congress the power to propose amendments. However, some of the Founders, like Alexander Hamilton and James Madison, worried that this gave Congress too much power. Madison and Hamilton re-wrote Article Five to add the second option for proposing an amendment, and the rest of the Founders agreed. Adding the second option helped make sure the states had power too the power to propose amendments if enough of their legislatures agreed.

Step 2 starts when an amendment has been proposed, either by Congress or by a Constitutional Convention. The proposed amendment now has to be ratified. Like with Step 1, Article Five gives two choices for how an amendment can be ratified. Congress gets to choose which way to use.

Congress has almost always chosen the first way: letting the state legislatures ratify the amendment. If three-fourths (75%) of the state legislatures ratify the amendment, it becomes part of the Constitution.

The second option is for Congress to ask each state to create a "ratifying convention." This is a group of people not members of the state legislature who would decide whether or not to ratify the amendment. If ratifying conventions in three-fourths of the states ratify the amendment, it becomes part of the Constitution.

Congress has only used the second option once: after it proposed the 21st Amendment. (This amendment cancelled the 18th Amendment, which made alcohol illegal in the United States. The 21st Amendment made alcohol legal again.)

At the time, Congress thought that this would be the more democratic option. A large majority of the people in the United States wanted the 21st Amendment to pass. However, Congress thought the state legislators would refuse to pass the amendment because of pressure from powerful groups that were against alcohol. In other words, Congress did not think that the state legislatures would vote the way the people of the United States would want. This example shows why the Founding Fathers included the "ratifying convention" option in the amendment process. If the state legislatures get too powerful, or do not represent what the people who elected them want, the people have the power to pass amendments too.

Between 1789 and December 16, 2014:

Article Five protects two clauses in Article One from being amended until 1808. These clauses are:

Article Five also puts one absolute limit on Constitutional amendments. It completely protects Section 3, Clause 1 of Article One. This clause says that every state will have the same number of United States Senators. It does not set a time limit on how long this clause is protected for. It just says: "no state, without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate." As of 1808, when the protections on the other two clauses expired, this is the only limit that the Constitution puts on suggested amendments. Any amendment, about anything else, could be suggested.

Article Five gives all of the power for creating Constitutional amendments to the Legislative Branch: the United States Congress and the state legislatures. The President of the United States cannot amend the Constitution. He has no part in the process of changing the Constitution. The United States Supreme Court confirmed this in a 1798 case called "Hollingsworth v. Virginia". In its decision, the Court wrote: "[T]he President ... has nothing to do with the proposition, or adoption, of amendments to the Constitution." However, the Supreme Court cannot create an amendment either.

This is an example of the separation of powers (also called "checks and balances") that the Founding Fathers built into the new American government. If the President or the Supreme Court could change the Constitution any time they wanted to, they would have too much power. One person (or nine Supreme Court Justices) could make decisions that would affect every American.

Instead, the Founders gave the job of creating Constitutional amendments to the Legislative Branch. By requiring that two-thirds of both Houses of Congress, and three-quarters of the states, approve of every Constitutional amendment, they made sure that there would have to be a lot of debate, compromise, and thought before an amendment was approved. Also, because so many legislators have to approve every amendment, it is very difficult for small "special interest" groups (like people who only care about a certain part of the country, or a certain issue) cannot control the vote.

The Founders even put checks and balances on the Legislative Branch's powers. If Congress gets too powerful, the states can make it call a Constitutional Convention. If the states get too powerful, ordinary Americans can vote on a Constitutional amendment through ratifying conventions. As a legal scholar wrote later: "The ratification of the Twenty-First Amendment [by ratifying conventions] might be called one of the most democratic moments in American history. ... Almost all voters in America had the unprecedented opportunity to [support] or condemn a federal constitutional amendment directly. ... The conventions ratified the choices of the people without fail."

Almost right away, the amendments process became very important. North Carolina and Rhode Island refused to ratify the Constitution without a Bill of Rights. This meant they would not be a part of the new United States Government. In 1789, James Madison wrote the Bill of Rights. They were ratified together, as the first ten amendments to the Constitution, in 1791. Having a Bill of Rights convinced North Carolina and Rhode Island to ratify the Constitution.

The amendments process set out in Article Five has allowed for many other important amendments to be added to the Constitution. For example, these amendments have included:

Article Two of the United States Constitution

Article Two of the United States Constitution creates the executive branch of the United States government. The executive branch includes the President; the Vice President; the Cabinet; executive departments, like the Department of State; independent agencies, like the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA); and other things like committees and commissions.

Section One begins by giving federal executive power to the President only. This is part of the separation of powers that the Founding Fathers built into the Constitution. To prevent any part of the government from getting too powerful, they split the power between three branches. This clause gives executive power to the President. Another clause in Article One of the Constitution gives federal legislative (law-making) power to the United States Congress only. A third clause in Article Three gives judiciary power to the federal courts. No branch is allowed to do a job that the Constitution has given to another branch. For example, the President cannot make laws; that is the Legislature's job.

This clause says the President is the head of the Executive Branch. It also mentions the Vice President, though the Constitution does not give him any executive powers. However, the Constitution does say that the President and Vice President must be elected at the same time, for the same term (amount of time), and by the same constituency. The Founding Fathers wanted to make sure the Executive Branch would survive, and stay independent, if the Vice President had to become the President.

Under the U.S. Constitution, the President and Vice President are chosen by Electors. The Constitution allows each state legislature to decide how they will choose Electors. Since the 1820s, state legislatures have usually chosen Electors through an indirect popular vote. This means that people in the state will get to vote on which Electors they want. The ballot that people use to vote will have the Electors' names on it. Usually, it will also say what Presidential and Vice Presidential candidates they plan to support. This allows the people to choose Electors who support the candidates they like.
Each state has two United States Senators and a certain number of United States Representatives representing them in Congress. (The number of Representatives depends on how many people live in the state.) Each state gets a number of Electors that is equal to the number of Members of Congress the state has. (For example, if a state has 2 Senators and 10 Representatives, they have 12 total Members of Congress, so they get 12 Electors.)

The only people who cannot be Electors are Senators, Representatives, and federal officers. This is meant to make sure that the Electoral College is made up of regular Americans, not politicians.

This clause talks about Electors and how they choose a President. Once they are chosen, the Electors meet in their states to vote for the President and Vice President. Originally, candidates only ran for President; there were no candidates for Vice President. Each Elector voted for two different candidates for President. They had to vote for at least one candidate who did not live in the Elector's home state. The candidate who got more than half of the votes became President. The candidate who got the next highest number of votes (the second-place winner) became Vice President.

This clause gives instructions for several possible problems:

The Twelfth Amendment changed this process in a few ways:

Article Two allows Congress to set a national Election Day.

This clause simply means that to be President, a person must meet three requirements:

If a person does not meet all of these requirements, they cannot be President.

Note there is ongoing controversy over the exact meaning of "natural born citizen". The term has not been exactly defined in law. Neither has there been a definitive decision made by the Supreme Court on the meaning.

Two later amendments changed these rules about who can be President and Vice President:

This clause talks about the possibility that the Presidency might become "vacant". This might happen because:

If the Presidency becomes vacant, the Vice President becomes President. If the Vice President is "also" unable to be President, Congress can decide who will become President. Whoever takes over the Presidency will act as President until the actual President gets better (if he is sick or disabled), or until a President is elected in the next Presidential election.

Congress has come up with a "line of succession" a list of the people who would become President, and in what order, if both the Presidency and Vice Presidency became vacant. As of 2016, the order is: the Speaker of the House of Representatives; the President "pro tempore" of the Senate; and then the fifteen Cabinet Secretaries, in order of when their Departments were first created.

This clause was partially changed by the Twenty-fifth Amendment in 1967. That Amendment creates a process for filling a vacancy in the office of the Vice President. It also says that the Vice President can become Acting President (temporary President) if:
If the President declares himself unable to discharge his duties, he can take the Presidency back at any time. For example, in 2002, George W. Bush became the first President to formally use the Disability Clause. He gave power to his Vice President for about two hours while he had a medical test which required anesthesia. Once he felt ready to be President again, Bush took back the Presidency.

If the Vice President and the Cabinet say a President is unable to do his job, the President can still try to take control back. However, if the Vice President and the Cabinet still think the President cannot do his job, they can challenge the President's return. If two-thirds of both the House and Senate agree, the President is declared unable to discharge his duties and the Vice President stays in control of the Presidency.

This means the President can receive a salary. However, the salary cannot be changed during the President's four-year term in office. Also, the President cannot receive any other salary, either from the federal government, or from any state government.

Before he becomes President, Clause 8 requires the new President to take an oath, promising that he will do his best as President, and will also do his best to protect and defend the Constitution. Usually, the Chief Justice of the United States gives the oath ("swears in" the new President) at the President's inauguration.

Section 2 talks about the powers that Article Two grants to the President.

The Constitution gives the President the most powers in areas that have to do with national security and protecting the country.

The President is the military's Commander-in-Chief. However, as part of the system of checks and balances in the Constitution, Article One says that only Congress can declare war. Still, the President can take actions like sending soldiers to certain places without needing Congress's approval, or a declaration of war.

The President may ask the "principal (head) officer" of any executive department to give him advice in writing. The Constitution actually does not require a formal Cabinet. However, America's first President, George Washington, organized his principal offices into a Cabinet, and every President has done the same since.

The President may grant pardons or reprieves to people who were convicted of crimes (except when the person was impeached). A "reprieve" cancels or changes a punishment for example, changing a death sentence to a sentence of life in prison.

This part of Section 2 is called the "Advice and Consent Clause". It gives the President powers, but he has to use them with the "advice and consent" (agreement) of the Senate. This is another example of checks and balances in the Constitution.

Here, the Constitution gives the President the power to make treaties with other countries. However, two-thirds of the Senators must agree with the treaty for it to take effect. If two-thirds of the Senate does not agree with the treaty, it is not approved, and there is nothing the President can do about it.

The Constitution does not say how the United States can "end" a treaty. Since the Constitution has passed, the government has done this in a few ways. In 1798, the first time the government wanted to end a treaty (the 1778 Treaty of Alliance with France), Congress passed a law ending the treaty. Other times, in the 1800s, a few Presidents ended treaties after Congress asked them to. The first time a President ended a treaty without Congress's approval was in the 1970s, when President Jimmy Carter ended a treaty with the Republic of China. In a lawsuit called "Goldwater v. Carter", members of Congress asked the Supreme Court to clarify whether a President could end a treaty on his own. The Supreme Court could not agree on a decision, and the case was dismissed (ended without a decision).

The President may also choose judges, ambassadors, consuls (diplomats), ministers, and other officers; but again, he needs the advice and consent of the Senate.

If Congress chooses, it can let the President, heads of executive departments, or the courts appoint less important officials on their own, without needing Congress's approval.

Once the Senate gives advice and consent to the President (approves the President's choice for a job), and that person is given the job, the Senate cannot go back and change its mind. It cannot take away its advice and consent once the person gets the job.

However, after the Senate grants advice and consent, the President "can" change his mind, and decide not to give the job to the person he nominated.

It is not clear whether the President can fire a person who was hired with the advice and consent of the Senate. Congress has limited this power many times. For example, during the Reconstruction Era, President Andrew Johnson wanted to fire people that Congress had approved. Congress passed a law saying he could not do that, but Jackson ignored the law. Later, Congress impeached him, but the Senate did not convict him.

A Supreme Court case called "Bowsher v. Synar" (1986) decided that Congress can fire a person it approved. Congress can do this by repealing the law that gave the President permission to appoint that person.

Clause 3 has to do with Senate recesses (times when the Senate is not meeting). In the past, fast transportation was not available, and it could take a long time for members of Congress to get to Washington, D.C. Because of this, Congress would usually meet only during planned "sessions," so everyone would have time to get there. After the planned sessions were over, the Senate would go into recess, and all the Senators would go home.

During Senate recesses, the President may appoint officers to stand in for the missing Senators. However, these officers are temporary, and their permission to act as Senators expire (end) when the Senate finishes its next session.

Clause 1 of Section 3 is called the "State of the Union Clause". It says that "from time to time," the President must give Congress information on the "State of the Union." ("State of the Union" basically means "The Situation in the United States.")

Originally, Presidents personally delivered State of the Union Addresses to Congress every year. Thomas Jefferson thought this was too much like a King speaking from a throne. Instead, he would send Congress written messages, and clerks (assistants) would read them. Other Presidents did the same for over 100 years, until President Woodrow Wilson went back to speaking in front of Congress. Every President since Wilson has kept doing that .

The purpose of the State of the Union is to make sure the President shares information with Congress, as well as the entire country. This information helps Congress decide whether anything is happening that they need to pass laws for. It also lets the people in the country know what is happening in their government.

The President has the power to suggest to Congress anything he thinks is "necessary [needed] and expedient [appropriate]". This is called the "Recommendation Clause".

The Recommendation Clause is another part of the checks and balances in the Constitution. The President cannot just do anything he thinks is needed; he has to get Congress's approval. If the President gives recommendations to Congress, Congress can approve them. However, if the President gives no suggestions to Congress, Congress has no power to force him to.

Also, just by asking Congress, the President shows that he respects them as equals, and is not more powerful or important than they are, like a King would be. One scholar explains: "The Recommendation Clause empowers the President to represent the people before Congress, by recommending measures for the reform of government, for the general welfare, or for the redress of grievances [for problems to be fixed]."

Clause 3 gives the President the right to call one or both Houses of Congress "on extraordinary Occasions." This clause is meant to allow the government to act quickly in case a major emergency comes up when Congress is not in session. If the two Houses of Congress cannot agree on a date for when to adjourn a special session, the President may adjourn both Houses whenever he thinks it is appropriate.

Presidents have called extraordinary sessions 27 times in history to deal with crises like wars or emergencies with the economy. The last time this happened was in 1948, when President Harry S Truman called a special session to try to get civil rights, Social Security, and health care laws passed.

After airplane travel became common around the 1950s, Congress began meeting year-round. Since that time, no President has had to call a special session.

The President receives (greets and hosts) all foreign Ambassadors. This clause of the Constitution is called the "Reception Clause".

The President must "take care that the laws be faithfully executed [used and followed]." This clause in the Constitution is sometimes called the "Take Care Clause", the "Faithful Execution Clause," or the "Faithfully Executed Clause".

This clause gives the President power, limits, and a duty, all at the same time:

Supreme Court cases have focused on the duties and limits the Take Care Clause puts on the President. For example:

The President commissions "all the Officers of the United States." (This means he gives these officers the power to do their jobs.) These include officers in both the military and foreign service (people who work for the United States government in other countries, like Ambassadors). However, Article One of the Constitution, Section 8, gives each state the power to appoint officers in their own militias.

The Constitution also allows some government officials to be removed from office (fired). The President, Vice President, Cabinet Secretaries, and other executive officers, as well as judges, may be impeached by the House of Representatives, and then tried in the Senate.

Anyone who is convicted by impeachment is fired immediately. The Senate may also choose to prevent the person from holding any federal office in the future. These are the only punishments that an impeachment proceeding can give. However, the person can still be tried for civil and criminal charges in the courts, and punished if they are found guilty.

Impeachment is a power that only Congress has. In "Nixon v. United States" (1993), the Supreme Court ruled that even they cannot review or change the Senate's decision in an impeachment trial. Its impeachment powers give Congress a way to make sure that no executive officials or judges are getting corrupt.

The Constitution says clearly that officials can be impeached for treason or bribery. But it does not say exactly what "High crimes and Misdemeanors" includes or does not include. "High crimes" is a phrase from old British law that means crimes committed by people with political power. However, in British history, "high crimes and misdemeanors" could include many different things (even losing a ship by not tying it up). After the Constitution was written, Alexander Hamilton explained in "The Federalist Papers" what kind of causes for impeachment the Founders had in mind: "offences which [come] from the abuse or violation of some public trust. [They cause] injuries done immediately to the society itself."

Congress has made the meaning of "high crimes and misdemeanors" clearer by who they have chosen to impeach, and why. Since the Constitution was ratified, the House of Representatives has impeached 18 people - mostly judges, but also two Presidents. All but three of these 18 were impeached for crimes other than treason or bribery. For example:

Dissenting opinion

A dissenting opinion (or dissent) is an opinion in a legal case. It is written by one or more judges expressing disagreement with the majority opinion of the court. In some cases, they simply declare a disagreement with the majority opinion. In other cases they may be used to instruct, prod, or otherwise try to convince other justices of the point of view expressed by the minority.

When not necessarily referring to a legal decision, this can also be referred to as a minority report.

Dissenting opinions are normally written at the same time as the majority opinion and any concurring opinions. They are also delivered and published at the same time. A dissenting opinion does not create binding precedent nor does it become a part of case law. However, they can sometimes be cited as a form of persuasive authority in subsequent cases when arguing that the court's holding should be limited or overturned. In some cases, a previous dissent is used to spur a change in the law. A later case may result in a majority opinion adopting a particular rule of law formerly advocated in dissent. As with concurring opinions, the difference in opinion between dissents and majority opinions can often highlight the precise holding of the majority opinion. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes stated in 1936: "A dissent in a Court of last resort is an appeal".

The dissent may disagree with the majority for any number of reasons: a different interpretation of the existing case law, the application of different principles, or a different interpretation of the facts. 

Legal opinion

In law, a legal opinion is usually a written explanation by a judge or group of judges that accompanies an order or ruling in a case. Legal opinions may also be written by legal experts. A legal opinion is used to lay out the rationale (reasons for) and legal principles for the ruling.

Opinions are usually published at the direction of the court. They may be used to reinforce, explain, change, establish, or overturn legal precedent. If a court decides that an opinion should be published, the opinion is included in a volume from a series of books called law reports or case reports. Published opinions of courts are also collectively referred to as case law, which is one of the major sources of law in common law legal systems.

Judicial opinion

A judicial opinion is a form of legal opinion written by a judge or a panel of judges explaining how they resolved a legal dispute. It cites the decision reached to resolve the dispute. A judicial opinion usually includes the reasons behind the decision. Where there are three or more judges, it may take the form of a majority opinion, minority opinion or a concurring opinion.




Concurring opinion

In law, a concurring opinion is a written opinion by one or more judges of a court which agrees with the decision made by the majority of the court, but states different (or additional) reasons for the decision. It may also be used to add comments. When no absolute majority of the court can agree on the basis for deciding the case, the decision of the court may be contained in a number of concurring opinions. The concurring opinion joined by the greatest number of judges is called the plurality opinion.

Having failed to receive a majority of the court's votes, concurring opinions are not binding precedent (common law) and cannot be cited as such. But concurring opinions can sometimes be cited as a form of persuasive precedent (assuming there is no binding precedent already in effect). The conflict in views between a majority opinion and a concurring opinion can assist a lawyer in understanding the points of law in the majority opinion. Occasionally, a judge will use a concurring opinion to signal that he or she is open to certain types of "test cases" that would allow the development of a new legal rule. In turn, such a concurring opinion may become more famous than the majority opinion in the same case. A well-known example of this phenomenon is "Escola v. Coca-Cola Bottling Co." (1944).

In some courts, such as the Supreme Court of the United States, the majority opinion may be broken down into numbered or lettered parts. Concurring justices may state that they join some parts of the majority opinion, but not others, for the reasons given in their concurring opinion. In other courts, such as the Supreme Court of California, the same justice may write a majority opinion "and" a separate concurring opinion to express additional reasons in support of the judgment


Seriatim

In law, seriatim (Latin for "in series") indicates that a court is addressing multiple issues in a certain order, such as the order that the issues were originally presented to the court.

A seriatim opinion describes an opinion delivered by a court with multiple judges, in which each judge reads his or her own opinion rather than a single judge writing an opinion on behalf of the entire court. This is a practice generally used when a legal case does not have a majority opinion.

Use of the word, and other Latin phrases, has become less frequent in legal communications as a result of, among other factors, efforts by groups such as the Plain Language Movement to promote the use of "plain English" in legal discourse.

In modern use pleadings is used for "one by one in sequence". For example, in English civil cases, defence statements generally used to conclude with the phrase "save as expressly admitted herein, each allegation of the plaintiffs is denied as if set out in full and traversed herein "seriatim"." This formulation is now discouraged under the English Civil Procedure Rules, especially rule 16.5 (3)-(5).

It is sometimes seen in older deeds and contracts as a more traditional way of using terms of reference. For example "the railway by-laws shall apply to the contract as if set out herein "seriatim"." It is sometimes found as part of the longer phrase "brevatim et seriatim", meaning "briefly and in series".

The term is also used when replying to a communication that contains a number of points, issues or questions to show that the responses are in the same order in which they were raised in the original document: "To deal with your queries seriatim..."

During the Supreme Court under Chief Justice Marshall, 1801 to 1835, the practice of judicial opinions being delivered in seriatim was discontinued.

In 2009, Title III, Rule 15(a)(1) of the U.S. Federal Rules of Civil Procedure regarding Amended and Supplemental Pleadings (part of pretrial procedure) was amended to allow three changes in the time previously allowed to make one change. 
This provision will force the pleader to consider carefully and promptly the wisdom of amending to meet the arguments in the motion... and will expedite determination of issues that otherwise might be raised "seriatim".
The right to make changes now ends 21 days after service of a motion.

Memorandum opinion

In law, a memorandum opinion is usually an unpublished legal opinion that cannot be cited as precedent. It is formally defined as: "[1] unanimous appellate opinion that succinctly states the decision of the court; an opinion that briefly reports the court's conclusion, usu. without elaboration because the decision follows a well-established legal principle or does not relate to any point of law." There is no elaboration or explanation because the decision either follows a well-known legal principle or it does not relate to a point of law. A memorandum opinion is also not subject to appeal.

Generally, memorandum opinions follow ordinary rules, including the application of precedent and the rule of "stare decisis".

Per curiam decision

In law, a "per curiam" decision (or opinion) is a ruling issued by an appellate court in which the decision rendered is made by the court (or at least, a majority of the court) acting collectively and unanimously. In contrast to regular opinions, a "per curiam" does not list the individual judge responsible for authoring the decision, but minority dissenting and concurring decisions are signed.

"Per curiams" are not the only type of decision that can reflect the opinion of the court. Other types of decisions can also reflect the opinion of the entire court, such as unanimous decisions, in which the opinion of the court is expressed with an author listed. The Latin term "per curiam" literally means "by the court".

The decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court are usually not "per curiam". Their decisions more commonly take the form of one or more opinions signed by individual justices which are then joined in by other justices. Unanimous and signed opinions are not considered "per curiam" decisions, as only the court can officially designate opinions as "per curiam". "Per curiam" decisions tend to be brief in length. The designation is stated at the beginning of the opinion.

The notable exception to the usual characteristics for a "per curiam" decision is the case of "Bush v. Gore". Although it was per curiam, there were multiple concurrences and dissents.

The Supreme Court of California occasionally releases decisions in the name of "The Court". But these are not necessarily unanimous. Sometimes an opinion in the name of the Court may be accompanied by extensive concurring and dissenting opinions.

The Supreme Court of Canada also attributes some decisions to "The Court" but does not use the phrase "per curiam". In the U.S. the term is used primarily for uncontroversial cases. In Canada, however, it has been used for important and controversial cases to emphasize that the entire Court is speaking with a single voice.

Anita Brookner

Anita Brookner, CBE (16 July 1928 – 10 March 2016) was a British award-winning novelist and art historian. She was Slade Professor of Fine Art at the University of Cambridge from 1967 to 1968. She was the first woman to hold this visiting professorship. She was awarded the 1984 Man Booker Prize for her novel "Hotel du Lac".


John W. Cahn

John Werner Cahn (January 9, 1928 – March 14, 2016) was an American scientist and recipient of the 1998 National Medal of Science. 

He was a professor in the department of Materials Science at MIT from 1964 to 1978. Since 1977, he has held a position at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (formerly the National Bureau of Standards, NBS).Cahn has applied the basic laws of thermodynamics to describe and predict a wide range of physical phenomena.

Tamara Grigsby

Tamara D. Grigsby (November 19, 1974 – March 15, 2016) was an American social worker. She was a university professor from Wisconsin. She served as a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 18th Assembly District, from 2005 until 2013.

Grigby's staff announced on December 22, 2011 that she was hospitalized in intensive care, battling cancer. In April 2012, Grigsby announced she would be retiring from the Assembly to recover her strength.
Her death was announced on March 15, 2016.

Earline W. Parmon

Earline W. Parmon (Nonember 18, 1943 – March 15, 2016) was an American Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly. She represented the state's seventy-second House district

Parmon has served five terms in the state House. She announced in 2012 that she would run for a seat in the North Carolina Senate. Parmon served in the North Carolina State Senate and resigned in 2015. Parmon also served as Forsyth County, North Carolina commissioner.

Parmon died on March 15, 2016 from a short-illness in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. She was aged 72.

Asa Briggs

Asa Briggs, Baron Briggs (7 May 1921 – 15 March 2016) was an English historian. He was a leading specialist on the Victorian era. He was a well-known historian of broadcasting in Britain. He was made a life peer in 1976. Briggs was born in Keighley, West Riding of Yorkshire.

Briggs died in Lewes, East Sussex on 15 March 2016. He was aged 94.

Pharisees

Pharisees were Jewish leaders who composed and enforced religious law at a certain period in Jewish history. At times, the Pharisees were a political party, a social movement, and a school of thought. After the destruction of the Second Temple in 70 AD, Pharisaic beliefs became the foundation for Rabbinic Judaism. The term 'Judaism' today almost always refers to Rabbinic Judaism.

Paul of Tarsus, disciple of Jesus, was a Pharisee before he became a Christian.


Seru Rabeni

Ratu Seru Raveive Rabeni (27 December 1978 – 15 March 2016) was a Fijian rugby union player. He played as a centre or wing. He played for the Fiji national rugby union team from 2000 through 2011. Rabeni was known in both club and international level for his physicality and bone crunching tackles, earning him the nickname "Rambo".

Rabeni died in Fiji from a heart attack on 15 March 2016, aged 37.


Results of the 2016 Democratic Party presidential primaries

This article will show the current results of the 2016 Democratic Party presidential primaries. The Democratic Party presidential primary is a process of choosing delegates, or people that represent someone, to go to the 2016 Democratic National Convention. People in each state will vote on who they think will be good for the presidency, and each candidate gets a certain amount of delegates based on the number of votes they receive.
The primaries began on 1 February 2016 in Iowa. The remaining candidates are former first lady and secretary of state and senator Hillary Clinton and senator Bernie Sanders.

On June 6, 2016, the Associated Press reported that senator Hillary Clinton has gotten enough delegates to become the presumptive Democratic nominee. However, their count includes some superdelegates. Since superdelegates can vote however they want at the Democratic convention, their votes could change at any time before then, so it is possible (but only remotely possible) that Clinton will not get the nomination. Bernie Sanders endorsed Clinton on 12 July 2016.




All delegate total are approximate.


Armenian calendar

The Armenian calendar was the main calendar used in Armenia during the medieval period. The year in this calendar is exactly 365 days long, divided into twelve months of thirty days each, plus five extra days that are called ""aveleacʿ"" in the Armenian language, which are not a part of any month. The first year in the Armenian calendar is equal to the year 552 AD in the Gregorian calendar. This calendar was mainly used in the medieval era, but is also used in modern times by some Armenian nationalists.

This calendar has no leap days. For that reason, it shifts backwards against the Gregorian calendar over a period of 1,461 years.

The twelve months in the calendar have differen names to the months usually used in English.

Kim Philby

Harold Adrian Russell "Kim" Philby (1 January 1912 – 11 May 1988) was a British intelligence officer who worked as a spy for the Soviet Union, before defecting in 1963. 

Philby began his work for the Soviet Union as a spy in 1934. He went on to serve the KGB for 54 years. He passed over 900 British documents to the KGB. He served as a double agent. 

Of the five spies in the Cambridge Five spy ring, Philby was believed to have been the most successful at passing information to the Soviet Union.

In 1961, defector Anatoliy Golitsyn gave information which pointed to Philby. An MI6 officer, Nicholas Elliott, was sent in 1963 to interview him in Beirut. He reported that Philby seemed to know he was coming (this suggested the presence of yet another mole). Nonetheless, Philby allegedly confessed to Elliott.

Shortly afterwards, apparently fearing he might be abducted in Lebanon, Philby defected to the Soviet Union. He fled, under cover of night, to a Soviet freighter.


Sylvia Anderson

Sylvia Anderson (27 March 1927 – 16 March 2016) was a British producer and actress. She was born in London, England, United Kingdom. She was known for voicing Lady Penelope in "Thunderbirds".

She was married to producer Gerry Anderson from 1960 until they divorced in 1981. They had a daughter and son.

On March 16, 2016, Anderson died of a short illness in her home in Bray, Berkshire at age 88.


Hua Mulan

Hua Mulan () is a legendary warrior from China. The stories about her are set during various times in China's history. She was first written about in a ballad called the "Ballad of Mulan" (). In the ballad, Hua Mulan takes her father's place in the army. She practiced martial arts such as kung fu, and was skilled with a sword. She fought for twelve years and became famous, but she refused any reward.

Hua Mulan is a real person and did save China.



Yassmin Abdel-Magied

Yassmin Abdel-Magied is an Australian writer, social advocate, and an engineer. She helps women, youth, and ethnic minorities develop their communities. At 16 years old, Abdel-Magied created "Youth Without Borders", an organization that provides programs, opportunities, and support for youth to create positive changes in their communities.

Abdel-Magied was born on March 3, 1991 in Sudan and moved to Australia with her parents just before she turned two years old
She received the Dean’s Excellence Scholarship from the University of Queensland. In 2011, she graduated from the University of Queensland with a Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering
In 2012, Abdel-Magied started working on oil and gas rigs as a field engineer (Measurement and Logging While Drilling specialist). In 2014, she moved to Perth, Australia to work as a drilling engineer on offshore rigs.

Abdel-Magied has served on multiple boards and councils, including the boards of the Queensland Museum, the Australian Multicultural Council, the Queensland Design Council, United Nations Youth Australia and others. She currently sits on the board of ChildFund Australia, the Council of Australian-Arab Relations and OurWatch.

In December 2014, Abdel-Magied presented her first TED Talk about implicit bias. She published her first book, "Yassmin’s Story", in 2016 with Random House.

In 2007, Abdel-Magied received the Young Australian Muslim of the Year award. In 2010 she received the Young Queenslander of the Year award, in 2011 she was a finalist for the Queensland Young Australian of the Year Award. She was the winner of the Youth Leader category in the 2012 Australian Financial Review and Westpac 100 Women of Influence Awards and the youngest woman on the list. In 2015, Abdel-Magied was one of the finalists in Young Australian of the Year, being named Queensland Young Australian of the Year.

Abdel-Magied founded Youth Without Borders in 2007 and has been the chair of the organization since its establishment. The organization provides programs, opportunities, and support for youth to create positive changes in their communities. One of the projects is a library for children and youth on a motorcycle. This motorcycle travels to villages that do not have access to libraries in Indonesia.

San Sebastián Street Festival

San Sebastián Street Festival, also known as “San Se”, is a very popular Puerto Rican festivity that takes place in the Old San Juan. It is a four-day event that starts the third Thursday of January through Sunday. This festive is in honor of Saint Sebastian. January 20th is the day that Catholic Church celebrates the life of this Saint. More than 200,000 people participate in this festival, making this activity be recognized internationally. Also, some Puerto Ricans have started this festive in the United States. Also they celebrate the Rivera Family, next year Paris Rivera will be the starter of the festival.

Father Juan Manuel Madrazo, the priest of the San José Church in the 1950s, was the first person who organized the festival. The purpose of this festival was to commemorate the life of this Saint and raise money to repair the church. When the father was moved out of San Juan, this festival came to an end. It was not until 1970 when a historian and anthropologist named Ricardo Alegría proposed to Rafaela Balladares de Brito, a resident of San Sebastian street, to revive this tradition. Balladares de Brito with the help of her neighbors began to reorganize the festival and recollect money for an elementary school directed by Sisters of Charity.

During the past celebrations, a group of musicians in the early morning of the first days walked and announced the festivity though the street. People in costumes of Spanish Kings, Queen Isabel and King Fernando, wear huge mask over their heads and were called “Cabezudos”, also participated in the parade. During the procession, people carried the Saint’s Image from San Sebastian Street and ended at the San José Church. In addition, the neighbors decorated their home’s balcony and the streets. They also prepared typical food, wore dresses and participated as host of the music shows.

In the present, the addition of artisans has acquired more importance, as well as music and dance in the nights. Also, artists perform at different stages localized around the Old San Juan. “Cabezudos” now include characters representing the Puerto Rican folklore that pass through the streets dancing and singing followed by the public. Now, the parade is longer than the past ones and the municipality of San Juan is responsible in organizing the entire festival. Festivities vary year by year, but mainly include the ones mentioned above.

In the recent years, several of San Sebastian Festivals have been celebrated in different areas of Florida and in DFW, Texas. This has been a result of many Puerto Ricans moving to the United States and wanting to maintain a connection with their typical island traditions. The festivals programed in Florida and Dallas, Texas have a duration of one to two days compared to the one celebrated in Puerto Rico which last four days. These festivals also have Puerto Rican food and rums, “Cabezudos”, artisan market, and music.
In DFW, Texas since January 2018, a group of Puerto Ricans - Traigo esta Trulla, start to organize the first Fiestas de la San Se- DFW with more than 6,000 participants.

Least developed country

A least developed country (LDC) is a country that the United Nations considers to be the least developed out of all the countries in the world. They normally have the lowest ratings on the Human Development Index. The idea to name LDCs started in the late 1960s. The first group of LDCs was listed by the UN in November 1971. 

Indicators are used to determine whether a country is a least devleoped country.

To be considered a least developed country, a country must have high levels of poverty and infant mortality, low human resources and a vulnerable economy. The UN looks at indicators, such as gross national income, nutrition, health, education and literacy. Economic vulnerability is recorded on the Economic Vulnerability Index.

LDC criteria are reviewed every three years. Countries may stop being considered an LDC when indicators show that they have become developed enough. Since the LDC category was created, four countries have graduated to "developing country" status. The first country to do this was Botswana in 1994. The second was Cape Verde, in 2007. Then Maldives in 2011, and Samoa in 2014. It is expected that Equatorial Guinea and Vanuatu will be the next countries to be promoted from LDC status.

, there are 48 least developed countries. There are also three countries which meet the criteria for LDC status, but have asked to not be included in the index: Ghana, Papua New Guinea and Zimbabwe.

The "least developed countries" according to the United Nations:






Constitutional Convention (United States)

The Constitutional Convention (also known as the Philadelphia Convention) was held from May 25 to September 17, 1787 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Although the Convention was called to revise the Articles of Confederation, it became clear from the beginning that many members, including James Madison and Alexander Hamilton, intended to create a new government rather than fix the existing one. The delegates elected George Washington to preside over the Convention. The result of the Convention was the creation of the United States Constitution. This makes the meeting one of the most significant events in the history of the United States.

Most of the disputes were about the makeup and election of the Senate. Other disagreements concerned how "proportional representation" was to be defined (whether to include slaves or other property). They needed to decide whether to divide the executive power between three persons or invest the power into a single president. They also had to work out how to elect the president, how long his term was to be and whether he could stand for reelection. There were issues over what offenses should be impeachable. Most of the time during the Convention was spent on deciding these issues, while the powers of legislature, executive, and judiciary were not heavily disputed. Once the Convention began, the delegates first agreed on the principles of the Convention, then they agreed on Madison's Virginia Plan and began to modify it. A Committee of Detail assembled during the July 4 recess and produced a rough draft. Most of this rough draft remained in place, and can be found in the final version of the constitution. After the final issues were resolved, the Committee on Style produced the final version, and it was voted on and sent to the states.

James Madison had spent the winter of 1787 making a study of various confederations throughout history. He came to Philadelphia armed with a wealth of knowledge and an idea for what the United States government should be. His plan was presented to the Convention by Edmund Randolph, the Governor of Virginia. It became the broad outline of what would be a new government under the U.S. Constitution. His plan called for three branches of government with checks and balances to prevent any one branch from abusing their power. Madison's idea for a legislature had two houses. One would feature members elected by the people for a three-year term. The other would have its members elected by the state legislatures and would serve for 7 years. Both would have the seats determined by the population of the country.
After debating the Virginia plan for two weeks, William Patterson presented his plan called variously, the New Jersey Plan, the Patterson Plan and the Small State Plan. It was very similar to the Articles of Confederation and featured a unicameral (one house) legislature. All states would have one vote. He had one idea that was kept; that state laws that ran counter to federal laws would be voided.

A third plan was offered by Alexander Hamilton. It was a copy of the British Constitution. It also was bicameral with an upper house and a legislature in which members served on their good behavior.

Finally they worked out a compromise between all three plans. The new government would have an upper house, having an equal number of delegates from each state, and a lower house with representation based on population. The executive branch would have most of the responsibilities of foreign affairs while other important powers, like ratifying treaties, would be the responsibility of the legislative branch. After the new Constitution was ratified by the states, it went into effect in 1789.

Article Four of the United States Constitution

Article Four of the United States Constitution outlines the relationship between the various states, as well as the connection between the states and the federal government.

The first section requires states to recognize the "full faith and credit" of the public acts, records and court proceedings of other states. 
This clause makes certain that any judicial decisions made in courts of one state are recognized and honored in all other states. This eliminates the practice of "forum shopping", the practice of having a legal case heard in the court thought most likely to provide a favorable judgment. It also prevents someone moving from one state to another to escape a judgment. 
In "Mills v. Duryee" (1813), the United States Supreme Court ruled that the merits of a case, as settled by courts of one state, must be recognized by the courts of other states. state courts may not reopen cases which have been conclusively decided by the courts of another state. Later, Chief Justice John Marshall suggested that the judgment of one state court must be recognized by other states' courts as final. However, in "McElmoyle v. Cohen" (1839), the court heard a case where one party obtained a judgment in South Carolina and sought to enforce it in Georgia, which had a statute of limitations that barred actions on judgments after a certain amount of time had passed. The court upheld Georgia's refusal to enforce the South Carolina judgment. The court found that out-of-state judgments are subject to the procedural law of the states where they are enforced, notwithstanding any priority it may be given in the state in which they it was issued.
Clause One of Section 2 requires interstate protection of "privileges and immunities". The apparent ambiguity of the clause has given rise to a number of different interpretations. Some contend that the clause requires Congress to treat all citizens equally. Others suggest that citizens of states carry the rights accorded by their home states while traveling in other states.

Neither of these theories has been endorsed by the Supreme Court. A state may not discriminate against citizens of other states in favor of its own citizens. But certain exceptions are allowed. For example a state may give their own citizens the right to buy a hunting or fishing license at a lower cost than to nonresidents. 

Clause Two requires that fugitives from justice may be extradited on the demand of executive authority of the state from which they flee. The Supreme Court has held that it is not compulsory for the fugitive to have fled after an indictment was issued, but only that the fugitive fled after having committed the crime. The Constitution provides for the extradition of fugitives who have committed treason, felony or other crime. That phrase incorporates all acts prohibited by the laws of a state, including misdemeanors and small, or petty, offenses.

In "Kentucky v. Dennison" (1860), the Supreme Court held that the federal courts may not compel state governors to surrender fugitives through the issue of writs of mandamus. The "Dennison" decision was overruled by "Puerto Rico v. Branstad" (1987). Now, the federal courts may require the extradition of fugitives. Alleged fugitives generally may not challenge extradition proceedings.
Pierce Butler and Charles Pinckney, both from South Carolina, submitted this clause to the Constitutional Convention. James Wilson and Roger Sherman both objected and Butler withdrew the clause. However, on the next day the clause was reinstated and adopted by the Convention without objection. At the last moment the language was changed from "Person legally held to Service or Labour in one state" to read "Person held to Service or Labour in one state, under the Laws thereof". 

In 1865, the Fugitive Slave Clause was repealed by the ratification of the Thirteenth Amendment abolishing slavery.
The First Clause of Section Three grants to Congress the authority to admit new states into the Union. Since the establishment of the United States in 1776, the number of states has expanded from the original 13 to 50. It also forbids the creation of new states from parts of existing states without the consent of both the affected states and Congress. This latter provision was designed to gave Eastern states that still had claims to Western lands (e.g., Virginia and North Carolina) to have a veto over whether their western counties (which eventually became Kentucky and Tennessee) could become states. It would later be applied with regard to the formation of Maine (from Massachusetts) and West Virginia (from Virginia).

This clause, commonly known as the "Property" or "Territorial" Clause, grants Congress the constitutional authority for the management and control of all territories or other property owned by United States. Additionally, the clause also proclaims that nothing contained within the Constitution may be interpreted to harm (prejudice) any claim of the United States, or of any particular State. The exact scope of this clause has long been a matter of debate.

The federal government owns or controls about thirty percent of the land in the United States. These holdings include national parks, national forests, recreation areas, wildlife refuges, vast tracts of range and public lands managed by the Bureau of Land Management, reservations held in trust for Native American tribes, military bases, and ordinary federal buildings and installations. Although federal property can be found in every state, the largest concentrations are in the west, where, for example, the federal government owns over eighty percent of the land within Nevada. 

This clause, sometimes referred to as the Guarantee Clause, has long been at the fore-front of the debate about the rights of citizens compared to those of the government. The Guarantee Clause mandates that all U.S. states must be grounded in republican principles, such as the consent of the governed. By ensuring that all states must have the same type of government (a republic), the Guarantee Clause is one of several portions of the Constitution which mandates symmetric federalism between the states.

Section Four requires the United States to protect each state from invasion, and, upon the application of the state legislature (or executive, if the legislature cannot be convened), from domestic violence. This provision was discussed during the 1967 Detroit riot, but was not invoked.



Norma Cruz

Norma Angélica Cruz Córdoba (Norma Cruz) is a Guatemalan human rights activist who works to stop violence against women. Cruz is the head of the "Fundación Sobrevivientes" (Survivors' Foundation), a women's rights organization in Guatemala City. In 2009, the US Department of State gave Cruz an International Women of Courage Award. 

Norma Cruz was born in Guatemala City in 1962. Her father was a shoemaker and her mother was a cook. As a teenager, Cruz was a student leader and a missionary. When she was 15 years old, Cruz joined a convent. Two years later, she left the convent, because she wanted a more political life. 

Cruz started the organization "Fundación Sobrevivientes" on July 3, 1996. It started as a women's support center. Now it has a shelter for up to 20 women, teenagers, and children. In 2009, 110 people stayed at the shelter. The organization also gives legal help to women who want to take legal action in the courts. 



Fundación Sobrevivientes (Survivors' Foundation)

Caroline Herschel

Caroline Herschel (16 March 1750 – 9 January 1848) was a German astronomer who spent most of her life in England. She was the first female astronomer that we know of.

She was the first woman to receive a salary as a scientist. She was the first woman in England to hold a government position. She was the first woman to be awarded a Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society (1828), and to be named an Honorary Member of the Royal Astronomical Society (1835, with Mary Somerville). She was also named an honorary member of the Royal Irish Academy (1838). The King of Prussia presented her with a Gold Medal for Science on the occasion of her 96th birthday (1846).

Caroline was born on March 16, 1750 in Hanover, Germany. She was encouraged by her father to get an education. She learnt geometry on her own. She had a hard life because people that she loved died. After her father's death, her brother William Herschel suggested she join him in England. She left Hanover for England on August 16, 1772, with her brother.

In England, Caroline's neighbor taught her how to cook, market, and to speak English. This expanded her horizons. William encouraged her to be independent. She signed up to learn how to sing and to play the harpsichord. This led her to being a part of William’s musical shows in small gatherings. She and William discussed astronomy in their free time. This caused her interest to grow. Caroline began including English society in her everyday life. She eventually decided to devote her time to astronomy. This helped William: he needed Caroline’s talents in copying papers.

When they were in England, Caroline helped her brother in his scientific work. She helped him to discover Uranus with a six-foot telescope. William was credited with the discovery of Uranus. He was knighted because of his discovery, and she was his assistant. She recorded and completed tasks for him. Her calculations and record keeping were always accurate. They saved her brother a lot of time. Caroline often worked on discoveries of her own. She independently discovered the second companion of the Andromeda Galaxy (Messier 110; NGC 205) and another, new, nebula. She also discovered eight comets in 17861795.

She reworked Flamsteed's "Catalogue of Nebulae and Clusters of Stars". The result was published by the Royal Society in 1798 and contained an index of every observation of every star made by Flamsteed, a list of errata, and a list of more than 560 stars that had not been included. In 1825, Caroline donated the works of Flamsteed to the Royal Academy of Göttingen.

She was the first woman to discover a comet. She discovered seven more comets between 1789 and 1797. The comet 35P/Herschel-Rigollet is named in her honor, as well as the lunar crater C. Herschel, and the planetoid (281) Lucretia. She also is famous for her work with her brother. She aided him in his studies. She reorganized John Flamsteed's "British Catalogue", which listed nearly 3,000 stars.

Herschel's brother died in 1822 and left her without his financial support. She returned to Hanover after his death and received her stipend from the British Royal Family. She also helped her brother's son finish his father's work.

Caroline Herschel was awarded a gold medal for her works in science from the Royal Astronomical Society in 1828. She was made an honorary member at the Royal Astronomical Society ten years later. Herschel also received a similar award from the Royal Irish Academy. She was awarded the gold medal for science by the King of Prussia on her ninety-sixth birthday.

Toward the end of Caroline's life, she arranged two-and-a-half thousand nebulae and star clusters into zones of similar polar distances. Her nephew, John Herschel, re-examined them systematically. The list was eventually enlarged and renamed the New General Catalogue. Many non-stellar objects are still identified by their NGC number.

Herschel died on January 9, 1848 in Germany. She died at the age of 97. Herschel was never married.

An asteroid was discovered in 1888. It was called Lucretia, Herschel's middle name. Herschel continued to have a legacy after her death because she discovered several comets.

Frank Sinatra Jr.

Francis Wayne Sinatra (January 10, 1944 – March 16, 2016), professionally known as Frank Sinatra, Jr., was an American singer, songwriter, conductor and actor. He was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. He was the son of Frank Sinatra. He was known for his song "That Face!" and for appearing on some shows with Dean Martin. In later years, he was in some episodes of "Family Guy".

He had an older sister, Nancy Sinatra and a younger sister, Tina Sinatra.

Sinatra was kidnapped, at the age of 19, on December 8, 1963 at Harrah's Lake Tahoe (room 417). Sinatra was released two days later after his father paid the $240,000 ransom demanded by the kidnappers.

Sinatra died suddenly of cardiac arrest in Daytona Beach, Florida on March 16, 2016. He was 72.


Marion Patrick Jones

Marion Patrick Jones (16 August 1930 – 2 March 2016) was a Trinidadian novelist. She wrote about library science and social anthropology. She was also known by the names Marion Glean and Marion O'Callaghan (her married name). She was the author of two notable novels: "Pan Beat", first published in 1973, and "J’Ouvert Morning" (1976). She was born in Port of Spain.

Jones died at her home in Port of Spain of heart failure on 2 March 2016 at the age of 85.

Ralph C. Johnson

Ralph C. Johnson (1953 or 1954 – March 15, 2016) was an American politician and businessman. He was born in Greensboro, North Carolina. Johnson served as a Democratic member of the North Carolina House of Representatives from 2015 until his death in 2016. He represented the 58th district.

Johnson died in a hospital in Greensboro, North Carolina after suffering a stroke. He was aged 62.

Alexander Esenin-Volpin

Alexander Sergeyevich Esenin-Volpin (also written Ésénine-Volpine and Yessenin-Volpin in his French and English publications; ; May 12, 1924 March 16, 2016) was a Soviet-born American poet and mathematician. He was a known dissident, political prisoner and a leader of the Soviet human rights movement. He spent a total of fourteen years incarcerated and repressed by the Soviet authorities in prisons, psikhushkas and exile. He worked at Boston University.

In 1973 he was one of the signers of the Humanist Manifesto. In 2005, Esenin-Volpin participated in "They Chose Freedom", a four-part television documentary on the history of the Soviet dissident movement.

Volpin died on March 16, 2016, aged 91.


James Darren

James William Ercolani (born June 8, 1936), known by his stage name James Darren, is an American television and movie actor, television director, and singer. He was known for his roles as Moondoggie in "Gidget", Tony Newman in "The Time Tunnel", and as Vic Fontaine in "". One of Darren's successful top ten songs was "Angel Face," ca. 1960. 

Darren was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.


Lexa

Léa Cristina Lexa Araújo, better known by the stage name Lexa, is a singer, composer and Brazilian dancer. Her first single, the "Posso Ser" song, was released in December 2014 and became one of the most played tracks on Brazilian radio in 2015. This song is part of the EP of the same title released by Lexa in March 2015 and disclosed as a preview of her first studio album. In September 2015, the singer released her debut album, titled Disponível.

Lexa was discovered by Batutinha music producer, who, after watching it on YouTube, introduced her to entrepreneur Kamilla Fialho, who hired through K2L Entertainment Artistic agency. Thus, in December 2014 is released the first single from Lexa, the "Posso Ser" song, which reached the Top 30 on parade Hot 100 Airplay, Billboard Brazil, and became the 93rd most played song in the Brazilian radio stations in 2015.


Merrick Garland

Merrick Brian Garland (born November 13, 1952) is an American federal judge and politician. Garland is the 86th and current United States Attorney General during the Joe Biden administration since 2021. He was the chief judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit from 2013 to 2020. He was on that court from 1997 until 2021 after being nominated by President Bill Clinton.

In 2016, Garland was nominated by President Barack Obama to the Supreme Court to replace Antonin Scalia following his death. However, in a Republican-controlled senate, a confirmation hearing was never held and his nomination expired on January 3, 2017.

In January 2021, President-elect Joe Biden nominated Garland to be the United States Attorney General in his cabinet. He was confirmed by the United States Senate and sworn-in in March 2021.

Garland was born in Chicago, Illinois. He graduated from Harvard College and from Harvard Law School.

Garland practiced corporate litigation at Arnold & Porter and worked as a federal prosecutor in the U.S. Department of Justice, where he played a leading role in the investigation and prosecution of the Oklahoma City bombers.

In 1995, Garland was appointed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, and (following a delay in Senate confirmation) took the bench in 1997. In 2009 and 2010, Garland was considered by President Barack Obama for two openings on the Supreme Court.

On March 16, 2016, Obama nominated Garland to serve as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, to fill the vacancy created by the death of Antonin Scalia.

Garland has more federal judicial experience than any Supreme Court nominee in history. He is the oldest Supreme Court nominee since Lewis F. Powell, Jr. in 1971.

After Republicans refused to give Garland a confirmation hearing, Garland's nomination expired in January 2017 shortly before the inauguration of Donald Trump. Trump said he will announce his Justice nominee for the Supreme Court on January 31, 2017.

On January 6, 2021, then President-elect Joe Biden said that we would nominate Garland to be the United States Attorney General during his administration.

On March 1, the Senate Judiciary Committee voted 15-7 to advance Garland's nomination to a full Senate vote. On March 10, the Senate confirmed Garland by a vote of 70-30 to become the next Attorney General.

Garland married Lynn in 1977. He lives in Bethesda, Maryland.

Article Three of the United States Constitution

Article Three of the United States Constitution creates the judicial branch of the United States government. It creates the Supreme Court of the United States, and allows the United States Congress to create less powerful federal courts. It also sets out the powers that these courts have.

Section 1 of Article Three starts out by creating the Supreme Court one court that will be more powerful than any other court in the country. It also gives Congress the power to create "inferior" (less powerful) federal courts.

It allows judges in these courts to get a regular salary for their work. Section 1 protects the judges by saying that their salaries will not be decreased while they are in office (working as a federal judge).

Section 1 says that judges "shall hold their Offices [keep their jobs] during good Behavior." This is meant to protect federal judges, and also to make sure that the federal judiciary is independent.
Before it won its independence in the American Revolutionary War, America was a colony of the British Empire. The Founding Fathers wrote the Constitution just four years after the War ended. They still remembered what the courts in the American colonies were like. As Thomas Jefferson wrote in the Declaration of Independence, Britain's King George III "made judges dependent on his will alone, for the tenure of their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries."

This meant that the judges could not be independent or impartial. If they made a decision that King George did not like, they could be fired, or not paid. Judges who wanted to keep their jobs made decisions based on what King George would want, not based on what the law said. If judges are cannot be independent, or do not follow they law, courts are not fair, and there is no way for regular people to get justice.

The Constitution makes sure that this will not happen to United States federal judges. By saying judges "shall hold their Offices during good Behavior," Section 1 is basically allowing judges to keep their jobs for the rest of their lives. In , the Constitution does say that Congress can take away a judge's job but only after being convicted in a trial, and only for "Treason, Bribery, or other High crimes and Misdemeanors." (This is what Section 1 means by behavior that is not "good.") In other words, the Constitution makes sure that all judges will lose their jobs for making even the slightest unpopular decision. This denies judges the freedom to be independent, and to make the decisions that they think are fair, and makes them choose between right and reelection.

Article III clearly allows only one Supreme Court. However, it does not say how many Supreme Court Justices (judges) there should be. Congress solved this problem in 1948 by passing a law. The law says that the Supreme Court will have 9 Justices, including one Chief Justice.

In both Section 1 and in , the Constitution gives Congress the right to create courts that are "inferior" to the Supreme Court. However, the Constitution does not say how many "inferior" courts there should be, or how they should be set up. It leaves those decisions to Congress. Congress decided to create two different kinds of "inferior" courts (also called "lower courts"). In the Judiciary Act of 1789, they created:


Clause 1 of Section 2 explains the powers the federal court has, and the limits of those powers.

Clause 1 gives the federal courts the power to hear and judge actual "cases and controversies" only. For example, they cannot hear a case about a situation that might come up in the future.

When Clause 2 talks about "jurisdiction," it is talking about who has the power to hear a case.

"Original jurisdiction" is the power to hear a case first, before any other court. Clause 2 gives the Supreme Court original jurisdiction in:

In all the other cases mentioned in Clause 2, the Supreme Court has "appellate jurisdiction." That means another court has the power to hear the case first. If somebody appeals that court's decision, the Supreme Court can take the case on appeal. Clause 2 gives the Supreme Court the power to hear appeals on:

However, the Supreme Court can only review a case on appeal if it thinks the lower court's decision breaks a law or goes against the Constitution.

There is one specific power that Clause 2 does not give the federal judiciary. Clause 2 says that the federal judiciary has power over "the laws of the United States." However, it does "not" say that the federal courts have power over the laws of "individual" states. Also, when Congress passed the Judiciary Act of 1789, they also never gave the federal courts this power. This means that the federal courts can only review or change the decisions of state supreme courts if the state decision may have broken a federal law or the Constitution. The federal courts had no power to review or change state supreme court decisions that were just based on state laws. Basically, this gave each state supreme court the final say over the laws in their state. Different states could decide completely different things, so the laws might be completely different in one state than another.

In 1795, the Eleventh Amendment changed part of Clause 2. It took away the federal judiciary's power to get involved in lawsuits between states and citizens of other states or countries.

In "Marbury v. Madison" (1803), the Supreme Court ruled that Congress cannot change the Supreme Court's original jurisdiction. However, the appellate jurisdiction of the Court is different. Congress is able to make the rules for the federal courts' appellate division, including rules about their jurisdictions.

"Marbury v. Madison" also created an important power called judicial review. This is the Supreme Court's ability to review whether a law, treaty, or executive rule breaks a law that already exists, a state Constitution, or the United States Constitution. After "Marbury", the Supreme Court started keeping an eye on what the state and federal governments were doing, instead of just trying cases that people brought to them.

Clause 2 says that the Supreme Court has "judicial power [over] all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under this Constitution [and] the Laws of the United States..." However, it does not say exactly what this means. The Supreme Court clarified this in a case called "Osborn v. Bank of the United States" (1824). Supreme Court Justice John Marshall wrote an opinion about what a "federal" case is, and what "arising under" the Constitution or federal laws means. Basically, he said a case is federal and under the federal courts' original jurisdiction if:

Clause 3 of Section 2 says that federal crimes have to be tried in front of a jury, unless the defendant does not want a jury. The only type of federal crime that is not tried before a jury is an impeachment. (Article One, Section 3 of the Constitution says that only the United States Senate can try impeachment cases.)

Clause 3 also says the person's trial must be held in the state where they did the crime. If they did not do the crime in any particular state, then Congress gets to choose where the trial will be held.

Several of the Constitutional Amendments in the Bill of Rights talk more about the rights of people who are on trial in criminal or civil court.

The last section of Article 3 talks about treason and how it should be punished. The Founding Fathers wanted to make sure that Americans' rights were protected. They also knew that in the past, in England, some kings had gotten rid of their political opponents just by accusing them of treason. For these reasons, the Founders wanted to make sure the Constitution said specifically what crimes were treason; what would be needed to find people guilty; and what the punishments could be.
The Constitution is very specific about what crimes are treason:

Section 3 also makes it clear that treason must be an "overt act." This means that to commit treason, a person must actually do something, not just plan to do it. For example, if a group of people got together and planned to attack part of the United States, that would not be treason because they had not actually done anything yet to hurt the country. If they did attack the United States, that would be an overt act, and it would be treason.

It also says that there are only two ways for a person to be convicted of treason. Two different witnesses must say in court that they saw the person do that overt act. If there are not two witnesses, then the person must admit in court that they committed treason. If neither of these things happen, the person cannot be found guilty of treason. Parts of this rule came from a British law called the Treason Act 1695.

Finally, Section 3 talks about punishment for people found guilty of treason. It gives Congress the power to decide the punishment. However, there is one punishment that the Constitution does not allow: punishing a person's family and descendants for that person's crime. In English law, if a person was convicted of treason, their punishment would include an "Attainder" (also called a "Corruption of Blood"). This meant that not only the person, but their family and heirs, would be punished and thought of as guilty. Once a person was "attainted," they would be executed. However, their heirs would also lose the right to inherit that person's land, property, or money.

The end of Section 3 specifically says that this punishment is not allowed. When the Founders wrote "no Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except during the Life of the Person attainted," they meant: "No heirs may be punished, and Congress can make the traitor forfeit (give up) their property, but only during their lifetime." Their heirs would have to be able to inherit their property when the traitor died.

Ralph Ketner

Ralph W. Ketner (September 20, 1920 – May 29, 2016) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was known for being the founder of Food Lion (founded as Food Town). He founded the grocery store chain in the 1950s. During his career, Ketner has given away 35% of his profit to charity.

Ketner was born in Rimertown, North Carolina. He grew up during the Great Depression. He studied at Tri-State College in Angola, Indiana. Ketner is married to Anne Blizzard. They have two children. In March 2016, Ketner was hospitalized and diagnosed with colon cancer. He died on May 29, 2016 in Salisbury, North Carolina from the disease at the age of 95.


Samuel H. Young

Samuel Hollingsworth Young (December 26, 1922 – September 23, 2017) was an American politician. He was a U.S. Representative from Illinois. He represented Illinois's 10 congressional district as a Republican. He served as a representative from January 3, 1973 through January 3, 1975. He was replaced by Abner J. Mikva.

Young was born in Casey, Illinois. He studied at the University of Illinois. Young died at his home in Glenview, Illinois on September 23, 2017 from complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 94.

Louise Arner Boyd

Louise Arner Boyd (September 16, 1887 – September 14, 1972) was an American explorer. She explored Greenland and the Arctic. She wrote many articles about her journeys and published two successful books. 

Boyd was a photographer on the trip over the Arctic Ocean in 1941. The crew on the trip to the Arctic called her the "Ice Woman".
Boyd was the first person to fly over the North Pole. She did this in 1955.

She was born in San Rafael, California. She died in San Francisco.

Ranulph Fiennes

Sir Ranulph Twistleton-Wykeham-Fiennes (born 7 March 1944) is an English explorer. 

Fiennes was born in Windsor, Berkshire. He was educated at Eton College.

Fiennes wrote many books. He wrote 'The sett','Mad,bad and dangerous to know' , 'The secret Hunters' and much more.

Fiennes has led over 30 expeditions. Ranulph did the first unsupported walk across Antarctica. Fiennes holds many records for his 52,000-mile expedition. It ended successfully on August 29, 1982. Fiennes is the only man alive ever to have travelled around the Earth's circumpolar.

He became an English explorer after joining the armed forces.

Fiennes was brought up in South Africa and lived in England for the rest of his life. He climbed Mount Everest successfully in 2009.


State ratifying conventions

State ratifying conventions are one of the two ways established by Article Five of the United States Constitution for ratifying proposed constitutional amendments. Ratifying conventions have only been used on one occasion. This was in 1933 and was used to ratify the 21st Amendment. All other proposed constitutional amendments have been offered to the state legislatures for ratification.

The Constitution also provides that state ratifying conventions may also be used to propose a constitutional amendment. However, to date, none of the 27 amendments to the Constitution have been proposed by state conventions. A state ratifying convention may be called by a two-thirds vote by a state legislature.

Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon?

Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon? (""; ) is an Indian soap opera. It is shown during the daytime on weekdays, on Star Plus. It originally ran from 6 June 2011 until 30 November 2012. The show is mainly about the romance between Arnav Singh Raizada (Barun Sobti) and Khushi Kumari Gupta (Sanaya Irani).

The series is done in Hindi. The actors' voices have been recorded over (dubbing) in Tamil (as "Idhu Kadhala"), Telugu (as "Chuppulu Kalisina Shubhavela"), Malayalam (as "Mounam Sammadham"), Turkish (as "Bir Garip Ask") and Arabic (as "Men Nazra Thanya").

The show stopped being made in 2012. This was because Sobti, who plays the main character, quit the show. Three years later, in November 2015, a web series of eight episodes was released. It continued the story, and Sobti returned to play Arnav. The web series was successful. Because of its success, the television series was renewed for another 30 episodes. It is to be shown on Star Plus in March 2016.

For his role as Arnav, Sobti won "Favorite TV Drama Actor" at the People's Choice Awards in 2012, and "Best Actor Popular" at the Indian Television Academy Awards in 2012. Sobti and Irani also won the Indian Telly Award for "Best Onscreen Couple" in 2012.

Arnav Singh Raizada (Barun Sobti) is a successful businessman in India. He is the owner of AR Designs. He is popularly known as ASR in the business world. He is ruthless and egoistic though sophisticated in his behaviour. He believes that money is the most important thing in the world. He is an atheist and does not believe in rituals, customs and traditions. He does not believe in marriage and wanted to maintain a living relationship with his ex-girlfriend Lavanya Kashyap. Besides this, he loves his elder sister Anjali (Daljeet Kaur Bhanot) and respects his elders. He suffers from diabetes from an early age. He has hobbies of planting and gardening. However his arrogant and ruthless attitude changes when he falls in love with Khushi Kumari Gupta (Sanaya Irani).

Khushi is hired as Arnav's assistant. She is a simple, traditional girl. She is also an orphan, but she believes in the power of love and maintains a strong faith in God. Despite their differences, they are attracted to each other. They eventually get married.





Twenty-first Amendment to the United States Constitution

Validated on December 5, 1933, the Twenty-first Amendment (Amendment XXI) to the United States Constitution canceled the Eighteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution and ended the Prohibition Era in the United States. It is the only Amendment to repeal another amendment. It is also the only Amendment to have been ratified by state ratifying conventions rather than by state legislatures.

The Eighteenth Amendment to the Constitution had started a period in the US known as Prohibition. During this time the manufacture, distribution, and sale of alcoholic beverages was illegal. Passage of the Eighteenth Amendment in 1919 was the chief goal of the temperance movement. but it soon proved highly unpopular. Crime had soared under Prohibition as gangsters, such as Chicago's Al Capone, became rich from a very profitable black market for alcohol. The federal government was unable to enforce the Volstead Act. In 1932, wealthy industrialist John D. Rockefeller, Jr. stated in a letter: As more and more Americans opposed the Eighteenth Amendment, a political movement grew for its repeal. However, repeal was complicated by grassroots politics. Although the U.S. Constitution provides two methods for ratifying constitutional amendments, only one method had been used up until that time. This was ratification by the state legislatures of three-fourths of the states. However, the wisdom of the day was that the lawmakers of many states were either obligated to or simply afraid of the temperance lobby. For that reason, when Congress formally proposed the repeal of Prohibition on February 20, 1933, it chose the "other" ratification method established by Article V. That is by state conventions. 

The second section bans the importation of alcohol in violation of state or territorial law. This has been interpreted to give states essentially absolute control over alcoholic beverages. Many U.S. states still remained "dry" (with state prohibition of alcohol) long after its ratification. Mississippi was the last, remaining dry until 1966. Kansas continued to prohibit public bars until 1987. Many states now delegate the authority over alcohol granted to them by this Amendment to their municipalities or counties (or both), which has led to many lawsuits over First Amendment rights when local governments have tried to revoke liquor licenses.

Section 2 has been the source of every Supreme Court ruling directly addressing Twenty-first Amendment issues. Early rulings suggested that Section 2 enabled states to legislate with exceptionally broad constitutional powers. 

In "State Board of Equalization v. Young's Market Co.", (1936), the Supreme Court held that a state could require a license fee for importing beer from other states and also for manufacturing beer within the state. The court recognized that "Prior to the Twenty-first Amendment it would obviously have been unconstitutional" for a state to require a fee for such a privilege. 

In "Craig v. Boren" (1976), the Supreme Court addressed the issue of proposed legislation with different ages for males and females regarding alcohol consumption in Oklahoma (age 18 for females, age 21 for males). The Court overturned the motion because of a presumed violation of the Equal Protection Clause in the Fourteenth Amendment.

In "South Dakota v. Dole" (1987), the Supreme Court upheld the withholding of some federal highway funds to states in which the legal drinking age is less than twenty-one years of age is lawful. The Court held that the limitations on spending power in the Twenty-First Amendment did not prohibit Congress to indirectly achieve federal objectives.

In "44 Liquormart, Inc. v. Rhode Island" (1996), Rhode Island passed a law that banned liquor advertising from places that did not sell liquor. The petitioners based their suit on their First Amendment right to free speech. In a unanimous decision the Court held that states cannot use the Twenty-first Amendment to abridge freedom of speech protections under the First Amendment. However, the Court acknowledged the state was empowered to regulate the sale of liquor under the Twenty-First Amendment.


United States presidential election

The election of the President and Vice President of the United States is an indirect vote in which citizens cast ballots for a set of members of the U.S. Electoral College. These electors then cast direct votes for the President and Vice President. If both votes result in an absolute majority, the election is over. If a majority of electors do not vote for President, the House of Representatives chooses the President; if a majority of electors do not vote for Vice President, the Senate votes. Presidential elections occur quadrennially on Election Day, which since 1845 has been the Tuesday after the first Monday in November, coinciding with the general elections of various other federal, state, and local races. The most recent United States presidential election was held on November 3, 2020.

To be eligible to be president, a candidate must:

Litomyšl

Litomyšl is a town in the Czech Republic. The population is 10,000. It is in the Pardubice Region in eastern Bohemia. A famous composer, Bedřich Smetana, was born there in 1824. Litomyšl Castle is on the UNESCO Heritage List.
The most important landmarks there are Litomyšl Castle, Knights´ Hall, Church of the Raising of the Holy Cross, Piarist Church of the Discovery of the Holy Cross and Piarist college, New Church of the Church of the Brethren, Portmoneum (Museum), Smetana´s Cultural House, Indoor swimming pool.
The dominant feature of Litomyšl is a monumental Renaissance castle. It was built from 1568 to1581 by the House of Pernštejn. Litomyšl Castle was originally a Renaissance arcade-castle of the Italian type. Its design and decoration is fantastic. There is a rich sgraffito decoration on the walls. Later, the Baroque features were added in the 18th century. The architect of the building was Giovanni Battista Aostalli. The first owner and the donator was Vratislav II. from Pernštejn. In the castle grounds there is Castle Brewery, too. In Catle Brewery there was born Bedřich Smetana, a famous composer. The castle was written on the UNESCO Heritage list in 1999. The International Smetana´s Opera Festival takes place there every June.

This is one of the most beautiful houses in Litomyšl square. It was built by a stonemason Blažek after a fire in 1540. It was finished in 1546. The stone facade is decorated with decorative and figurative motives. On the sides of the middle window there are 2 statues of the knights. They are famous from story by a popular writer Alois Jirásek. The house is decorated with other figures (a merchant, a mermaid, a lion, a unicorn). There is a town gallery today.
The church was founded in 1378 (638 years ago) in gothic style. Most of equipment is from the second half of the 18th century. The main altar was built in 1767, sculpture decoration was made by František Pacák. The altar image of the Holy Cross was painted by Ignác Raab. There was a massive renovation of the building from 1995 to 2000. In May 2000, the new organs were instaled there The church is a dominant of the historical part of the town, now.

This church is located opposite Litomyšl Castle. The church was built in baroque style. It was designed by Giovanni Battista Alliprandi. He was a famous architect from Italy. The church was constructed from 1716 to 1726. There is a former piarist college on the left of the church.

It is a Catholic church. It was demaged in the 20th century. The renovation was done at the beginning of the 21st century. Now people come here to pray, listen to the concerts and visit exhibitions. You can climb up to the roof and have a look around the historical town centre.

In front of the church there is Regional Museum Litomyšl. The museum building used to be a grammar school.

Behind the church there is Monastery garden. It is a renovated garden which is a very popular park now.

This modern building was built from 2008 to 2010. The church was designed by an architect Zdeněk Fránek. There are artworks by Karel Malich and Vojtěch Cígler as well. The church has got a room for 150 people, 2 clubs and a social lobby. Worship takes places there every Sunday at 9:30. Sometimes you can visit concerts or exhibitions there. Eeverybody can come there.
The history of the Museum of Jan Vachal began in 1920 when an artist Váchal decorated a house of his friend. Vachal's wall paintings in the Portmoneum are very complicated.The paintings are citations from Váchal´s stories. The painted topics are a country and a number of devils, spirits and ghosts. The museum was opened thanks to the Paseka publishing house in the honour of Vachal's work. It was opened in 1993. It was called the Portmoneum after the house owner Portman.

The construction of this cultural hall began in 1903. The chief builder was J. Kreml from Litomysl. The foundation stone was laid on April 4, 1903. Smetana’s house is named after a famous composer Bedřich Smetana. He was born in Litomyšl in 1824. Smetana’s house is a theater and a cultural centre. Smetana’s house consists of a big auditorium, a small auditorium and a lounge. Its style is the Art Nouveau. You can visit concerts, balls and theatre performances there.

The building of the museum was originally the piaristic grammar school. Alois Jirásek taught there. It is situated next to the Piaristic Church and opposite the castle. There was a big reconstruction of the building from 2012 to 2014. Today you can visit a new interactive display show of the history of the town, smaller displays of the Cabinet ancient history or Guild of shooters to target. Other contemporary exhibitions often take place there.

Twenty-third Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Twenty-third Amendment (Amendment XXIII) to the United States Constitution extends the right to vote in the presidential election to citizens residing in the District of Columbia by granting the District electors in the Electoral college, as if it were a state. The amendment was proposed by the 86th Congress on June 16, 1960, and ratified by the states on March 29, 1961.

According to the terms of the amendment, the district is allocated as many electors as it would have if it were a state, but no more electors than the least populous state (currently Wyoming, which has three electors); thus, the district cannot have more than three electors. Even if it were a state, the district's population would entitle it to only three electors. Since the passage of this amendment, the District's electoral votes have been cast for the Democratic Party's presidential and vice presidential candidates in every election.

When the Constitution was ratified, the nation's capital was New York City. However, Article one, Section 8, Clause 17 of the Constitution states:
Selecting the site for the new capital was a political compromise. Alexander Hamilton, the first Secretary of the Treasury and bankers, mainly from the northeast, got the Bank of the United States located in Philadelphia. In exchange, a special District of Columbia would be located on the Potomac River, closer to the southern states and controlled by Congress.

Washington DC was founded on July 16, 1790 on a site selected by George Washington. He appointed three commissioners to prepare the city for the new government, scheduled for 1800. While this was taking place, from 1790 until 1800, the capital was Philadelphia. 

In 1800, as planned, the District of Columbia became the nation's capital. At the time the population was only about 5,000 residents. As a district and federal territory, the population did not have a local or state government. They also could not vote in federal elections.

Passed by Congress on June 17, 1960, and ratified by the states on March 29, 1961, Amendment XXIII, for the purposes of the Electoral College, treats the District of Columbia the same as if it were a state. This gives the citizens of the District the right to vote in presidential elections. The Amendment does not make the district a state, it gives the residents the same number of electors the same number as if it were a state. But, per the amendment, no more than the smallest state. The Amendment does not give district citizens any representation in Congress. Congress continues to govern the district.

While the District of Columbia is considered politically neutral at the time of passage in 1961, the District swung dramatically toward the Democratic Party since. African-Americans have voted in greater numbers than they had in the 1940s and 1950s. According to the 1970 census, 71% of the Federal District was black, a dramatic jump. As a result, the District has sent its 3 electoral votes to the Democratic candidate in every single presidential election since 1964. However, the District's electoral votes have yet to prove decisive in a presidential election. The smallest Electoral College majority won by a Democratic president since the Twenty-third Amendment's ratification was the 56 vote majority achieved by Jimmy Carter in 1976.


Paul Daniels

Newton Edward Daniels (6 April 1938 – present

, known by his stage name Paul Daniels, was an English magician and television performer. 

He was known for his show "The Paul Daniels Magic Show". It ran on the BBC from 1979 to 1994. He was known for his catchphrase of "You'll like this ... not a lot, but you'll like it". He also hosted three game shows on the BBC, Odd One Out from 1982 to 1985, Every Second Counts from 1986 to 1993 and Wipeout from 1994 to 1997. 

He was born in South Bank, Middlesbrough. He married Jacqueline Skipworth in 1960. The couple had three sons: Gary, Paul and Martin. Daniels was married to his assistant Debbie McGee from 1988 until his death. 

Daniels died of a brain tumor in Wargrave, Berkshire, aged 77.

 

Suaad Allami

Suaad Allami (Arabic: سعاد اللامي) or Suaad Abbas Salman Allami (Arabic: سعاد عباس سلمان العلمي ) is an Iraqi lawyer from Sadr City in Baghdad. In 2009 she received the International Women of Courage Award. Alami started a women's center in Baghdad with the NGO Women For Progress. Women for Progress was the first legal clinic for women in Iraq. 

Allami graduated from Baghdad University School of Law in 1992. She worked as a lawyer in Iraq's family courts for seventeen years. 

In 2010 Allami received a Master's Degree (LLM) in Law and Human Rights from the University of Minnesota Law School. 

Allami was in the Baghdad Provincial Council and Sadr City District Council from 2004 to 2009. She wrote laws for the District and Sub-District Councils of Baghdad Province. 

Allami opened the first all female legal clinic in Iraq. She runs five women’s centers in Baghdad. 






Superior, Wisconsin

Superior is a city in northwestern Wisconsin, United States. At the 2010 census, the population was 27,244. Superior is at the western end of Lake Superior. It is also the county seat of Douglas County.

Superior was the last place that the "Edmund Fitzgerald" visited before it sank.

Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Twenty-fifth Amendment (Amendment XXV) to the United States Constitution says that if the President becomes unable to do his or her job, the Vice President becomes the President (Section 1) or Acting President (Sections 3 or 4). This can happen for a short period of time, if the President is just sick or disabled for a short time. It could also happen until the end of the President's term (the President's time in office), if the President died, resigned, or is "unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office".

The Twenty-fifth Amendment also says what should happen if there is a "vacancy" in the Vice President's office (meaning there is no Vice President).

The Amendment was ratified by the states and became part of the U.S. Constitution on February 10, 1967.

 of the Constitution says:
This means that if the President is fired, dies, resigns, or is unable "to discharge [their] Powers and Duties" (unable to do the things a President has to do), the Vice President will take over their job. The Vice President will do the President's job until they get better (if they are just sick or disabled), or until the next Presidential election (if the President resigned or is dead). If neither the President nor the Vice President can do the President's job, Congress can decide who takes over the President's job. This is all the Constitution says about this subject.

This clause was not very specific. It did not say:

In 1841, the ninth President, William Henry Harrison, became the first United States President to die in office. Before this, Representative John Williams had suggested that the Vice President should become Acting President if the President died. Also, after Harrison died, his Cabinet had met and decided that Vice President John Tyler would become "Vice-President Acting President." However, Tyler did not like this idea. He announced that he had become the President, and was not just doing the old President's job. He refused to look at any papers that were addressed to him as "Acting President."

Tyler took the Presidential Oath, moved into the White House, and took over all of the old President's powers. Nobody formally challenged Tyler's claim to the Presidency. Eventually, both Houses of Congress passed a resolution saying that Tyler was the tenth President of the United States. This created "the precedent of full succession." A precedent is a rule or law that might be followed in the future if a similar situation came up again. "Full succession" means that the Vice President would become the President, not Acting President, if the actual President died. The "precedent of full succession" became known as the "Tyler Precedent."

At other times, Presidents did not die, but they were unable to do their jobs because of illness. For example, during his Presidency, Woodrow Wilson had a stroke. However, the First Lady, Edith Wilson, and the official White House doctor kept the stroke a secret. Because of this, no one took over the Presidency, even though Wilson could not do the job at that time.

Before the 25th Amendment, the office of Vice President had been empty eighteen times because the Vice President died, resigned, or had to take over for the President. For example, there was no Vice President for nearly four years after Franklin D. Roosevelt died.

These problems made it clear that the government needed more specific rules.

On November 22, 1963, President John F. Kennedy was assassinated. Kennedy's assassination made it very clear to Congress that they needed to figure out a solution about presidential succession right away. The United States was in the middle of the Cold War. The new President, Lyndon B. Johnson, had previously had a heart attack in 1955 along with a family history of Johnson men dying relatively young (in their early 60s, which he did in 1973 aged 64). The next two people in line for the presidency were the Speaker of the House of Representatives, John McCormack (who was 71 years old), and the President pro tempore of the Senate, Carl Hayden (who was 86 years old). Congress started moving more quickly.

Members of Congress suggested two different amendments to fill in the details missing from Clause 6.

The KeatingKefauver Proposal suggested allowing Congress to make a law about who should decide when a President is disabled. It was proposed in 1963 by Senator Kenneth Keating of New York, and supported by Tennessee Senator Estes Kefauver. However, other Senators were worried that Congress could abuse this power, or would not actually make the law after the amendment was passed.

The BayhCeller Proposal ended up becoming the Twenty-fifth Amendment. On January 6, 1965, Senator Birch Bayh proposed the amendment in the United States Senate, and Representative Emanuel Celler (Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee) proposed it in the United States House of Representatives. Unlike the KeatingKefauver Proposal, it suggested a way to fill the Vice President's position if it was empty, and also set out rules for how a President could be declared "disabled."

On February 19, 1965, the Senate passed the amendment. However, the House passed a different version of the amendment on April 13. The House and Senate had to form committees to figure out a version of the amendment they could all agree on. On July 6, 1965, both Houses of Congress passed the final version of the amendment and sent it to the states for ratification.

As with all Constitutional amendments proposed by the Congress, the Twenty-fifth Amendment had to be ratified by three-fourths of the states (38 of 50). Ratification was complete 19 months after the Amendment was proposed. Another nine states subsequently also ratified the Amendment; three states did not vote to ratify the Amendment.

The states ratified the Amendment in this order:

Section 1 made the "Tyler Precedent" a law. It says that if a President is removed from office, dies, or resigns, the Vice President immediately becomes President (not "Acting President").

Before the Twenty-fifth Amendment, if the Vice President's position was empty, it stayed empty until the next election.

Under Section 2, whenever there is a vacancy in the office of Vice President, the President nominates someone to replace the Vice President. If a majority of both Houses of Congress agree, that person becomes the Vice President.

Section 3 says that a President can declare themselves "unable to discharge the powers and duties of their office" (unable to do their job). He or she must say this in a written letter to both the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives. Once the President does this, the Vice President becomes Acting President. The President can take back the Presidency at any time by sending letters to the President pro tempore and the Speaker of the House, saying he or she is able to discharge the powers and duties of the Presidency again.

Section 4 is the only part of the Amendment that has never been used. It allows other executive officials to declare the President unable to do their job. The Vice President must agree to do this. So must:

To declare the President unable to do his job, these people would have to sign and give a letter to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House. As with Section 3, the Vice President would then become the Acting President.

The President may take back the Presidency by sending a letter to the President pro tempore and the Speaker of the House. However, if the Vice President and the Cabinet think the President is still disabled and still cannot do their job, they can challenge their return. They have four days to write another declaration saying the President is still unable to do their job. The Vice President is still Acting President during these four days. Congress then has to get together within 48 hours, if they are not already in session. Then Congress has 21 days to make a decision. In the meantime, the Vice President is still Acting President.

If two-thirds of each House of Congress votes that the President still cannot do their job, the Vice President would continue to be Acting President. If Congress does not vote this way, or if they do not vote at all within 21 days, the President takes over the Presidency again.

The Twenty-fifth Amendment has been invoked (used) six times since it was added to the Constitution. Section 1 has been used once; Section 2 has been used twice; and Section 3 has been used three times. Only Section 4 has never been used, though it was considered twice.

President Richard Nixon resigned on August 9, 1974, before the House could vote on whether to impeach him for crimes related to the Watergate scandal. Vice President Gerald Ford became President as soon as Nixon resigned.

On October 10, 1973, Vice President Spiro Agnew resigned. Two days later, President Richard Nixon nominated United States Representative Gerald Ford of Michigan to be the new Vice President. According to Section 2, more than 50% of each House of Congress had to approve Ford as Vice President. By December 6, 97% of the Senate and 92% of the House had approved Ford. Ford was sworn in to the Vice Presidency later on December 6 before both Houses of Congress. Ford is the only person in United States history ever to be Vice President, and later President, without being elected to either office.

When Gerald Ford became President after Richard Nixon resigned, the Vice Presidency became vacant. On August 20, 1974, the new President Ford nominated former New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller to be the new Vice President. On December 10, 1974, the Senate confirmed Rockefeller with a vote of 90–7. Nine days later, the House voted 287-128 to confirm Rockefeller. He was sworn into office later on December 19, 1974, before the Senate.

Presidents have used Section 3 of the 25th Amendment four times. Each time, they have given power to their Vice Presidents for a short time because they needed to get anesthesia for medical tests or surgery. The four Acting Presidents in United States history are listed below.

On July 12, 1985, President Ronald Reagan found out that he had a small growth in his colon that could turn into colon cancer. His doctor told him he needed surgery. Reagan decided to have surgery right away.
However, Reagan did not want to invoke Section 3 of the 25th Amendment. He was worried that giving Presidential power away would set a bad precedent. The White House's head lawyer and Reagan's Chief of Staff suggested that he use Section 3 and give power to Vice President George H.W. Bush.

Two letters were created. The first invoked Section 3 and said Reagan would be unable to discharge his duties. The second said that Reagan knew about Section 3, and did not think it applied to his situation, but still wanted Bush to take over during his surgery. On July 13, Reagan signed the second letter and had it delivered to the President pro tempore and the Speaker of the House.

Reagan's autobiography, and other books, argue that Reagan clearly meant to give power to Vice President Bush. The White House lawyer, Fred Fielding, said:
However, since Reagan did not specifically mention Section 3 and say he could not do his job as President, he did not officially invoke the 25th Amendment.

On June 29, 2002, President George W. Bush became the first President to officially invoke Section 3. He needed a colonoscopy, a test of the colon, and would be getting anesthesia. He formally gave power to his Vice President, Dick Cheney, using the rules that the 25th Amendment set out. Unlike Reagan, he specifically said he was using Section 3 of the 25th Amendment in his letter to the President pro tempore and the Speaker of the House. After about two hours, Bush was awake and took back the Presidency.

On July 21, 2007, President Bush again invoked Section 3 so he could have another colonoscopy. Again, Cheney was Acting President for about two hours, until Bush was ready to take back the Presidency.

Kamala Harris (2021)

On November 19, 2021, President Joe Biden transferred presidential power to his vice president, Kamala Harris, between 10:10am and 11:35am while he underwent a colonoscopy. During this procedure, Harris became the first woman to hold the power of the presidency.

As of 2024, Section 4 has never been invoked, however there were at least two occasions where the use of Section 4 was considered and another where its non-use came under substantial criticism. These occurred during the presidency of Ronald Reagan.

On March 30, 1981, a man named John Hinckley tried to kill President Ronald Reagan. Reagan was shot and needed immediate surgery, so he could not invoke Section 3 to give power to his Vice President. His Vice President, George H.W. Bush, did not invoke Section 4, because he was on an airplane returning from Texas. Reagan was out of surgery by the time Bush got to Washington, D.C.

In 1995, Birch Bayh, who had written the Senate version of the 25th Amendment, wrote that Section 4 should have been invoked.

In 1987, Reagan's Chief of Staff, Donald Regan, resigned. Howard Baker replaced him. Reagan's staff told Baker that Reagan seemed lazy and unable to do his job. They told him to be ready for Section 4 of the 25th Amendment to be invoked.

According to the PBS program "American Experience":

In an interview on the program, Edmund Morris, who had written a biography of Reagan, said:

Meir Dagan

Aluf Meir Dagan (; 30 January 1945 – 17 March 2016) was an Israeli politician. He was a former Israel Defense Forces officer. He was a former Director of the Mossad. He served as director from 2002 through 2011.

Dagan was born in the Soviet Union. He moved to Israel at age five.

Dagan died of liver cancer in Tel Aviv, Israel at the age of 71.

Larry Drake

Larry Drake (February 21, 1950 – March 17, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Benny Stulwicz on the television show "L.A. Law", Robert G. Durant in "Darkman" and as Pops in "Johnny Bravo". He won two Emmy Awards in 1988 and in 1989.

Drake died of cardiac arrest complicated by a rare form of blood cancer on March 17, 2016 in Hollywood, California at the age of 66.

Zoltán Kamondi

Zoltán Kamondi (6 April 1960 – 17 March 2016) was a Hungarian movie director, actor, screenwriter and producer. He was born in Budapest, Hungary. He was known for directing "Paths of Death and Angels".

Kamondi died on 17 March 2016 at the age of 55.


Marian Kociniak

Marian Kociniak (11 January 1936 – 17 March 2016) was a Polish movie and theatre actor. He was known for his role in the 1970 movie "How I Unleashed World War II". He was born in Warsaw, Poland.

Kociniak died in Warsaw, Poland from a heart attack on 17 March 2016 at the age of 80.

Jean Miotte

Jean Miotte (1926 – 1 March 2016) was a French abstract painter. He worked with the style known as L'Art Informel. He was born in Paris. Miotte's work is preserved and studied at the Miotte Foundation in Manhattan. 

Moitte died in New York City, New York at the age of 90.


James Douglas (actor)

James Douglas (May 20, 1929 – March 5, 2016) was an American actor. He best known for his role as Grant Colman on "As the World Turns" (1974–81, with return appearances in 1986 and 1989).

Douglas was born in Los Angeles, California. He died on March 5, 2016 at the age of 86.

His first major role came in 1964 when he joined the cast of the primetime soap "Peyton Place". He played the role of Steven Cord. He stayed with the series until it left the air in 1969.

He then turned mainly to daytime roles, appearing as Elliott Carrington on "Another World" from 1972 to 1974. He then moved to "As the World Turns". He also appeared on "The Edge of Night" in 1984 and on "One Life to Live" as Dr. Marcus Polk (1985–87).


Erik Duval

Erik Duval (11 September 1965 – 12 March 2016) was a Belgian scientist. Duval chaired the informatics section of the computer science department of the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven. He also chaired the research unit on human-computer interaction. Duval died in Antwerp, Belgium from non-Hodgkin lymphoma at the age of 50.

Solomon Marcus

Solomon Marcus (; March 1, 1925 – March 17, 2016) was a Romanian mathematician of Jewish descent. He was a member of the Mathematical Section of the Romanian Academy. He was also Emeritus Professor of the University of Bucharest's Faculty of Mathematics. 

His main research was in the fields of mathematical analysis, mathematical and computational linguistics and computer science, but he also published numerous papers on various cultural topics: poetics, linguistics, semiotics, philosophy and history of science and education.

Marcus died of heart failure on March 17, 2016 at the age of 91.



Vladimir Shainsky

Vladimir Yakovlevich Shainsky () (December 12, 1925 — December 25, 2017) was a Soviet and Russian composer. In the 1950s Shainsky played in Leonid Utyosov's orchestra. He taught young people how to conduct music. He worked as a composer and musical leader at different dance orchestras. He studied in Baku conservatory, the composers faculty.

Shainsky was born in Kiev.

Shainsky has been awarded many awards, including the USSR State Prize (1981), People's Artist of the Russian SFSR title (1986), Order of Friendship (1996), multiple laureate of the Russian (formerly Soviet) "Song of the Year" festival (since 1971).

Vladimir Shainsky died on December 25, 2017, at the age of 93, after a long illness at the San Diego Hospital in California, USA.


Arizona tree frog

These species of tree frogs in the Hylidae family are commonly referred to as the Arizona tree frog:


Nancy Olson

Nancy Olson (born April 14, 1928) is an American actress. She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in "Sunset Boulevard" (1950). Other movies including "The Absent-Minded Professor" and "Airport 1975" (1974). She has mostly retired from acting. Olson was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Albert Abraham Michelson

Albert Abraham Michelson (December 19, 1852 – May 9, 1931) was an American physicist. He was born in Strzelno (in Posen, Prussia, now in Poland) but grew up in California. He was known for his work on measuring the speed of light. That work led to him being awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1907. He was the first American to receive it in the field of science.


Donna Mills

Donna Mills (born December 11, 1940) is an American actress and producer. She began her television career in 1966 with a recurring role on "The Secret Storm". She played Abby Cunningham on "Knots Landing". She won several Soap Opera Digest Awards for this role. She also played Madeline Reeves in "General Hospital" in 2014-2015. She won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Guest Performer in a Drama Series.

Mills was born in Chicago, Illinois. Some sources give her birth date as 1942 or 1943.

R136a1

R136a1 is one of the most massive and luminous known stars. It is a Wolf–Rayet star at the center of R136. 

R136 is the central group of stars of the large NGC 2070 open cluster in the Tarantula nebula. The nebula lies about 50 kiloparsecs (163,000 light-years) in the Large Magellanic Cloud. 

R136a1 has nearly 200 the mass of the Sun, and 4.7 million times its luminosity. It is also one of the hottest at over 50,000 K. The cluster is only about 1.5 million years old, and is pouring out a huge amount of energy. Together, they outshine our Sun by a factor of 30 million.

The star is the largest of nine huge stars in the cluster.

Madison (name)

Madison [ mad-"uh"-s"uh"n ] is a family name of English origin. The name Madison comes from the Old English words "maed" and "son," which mean "son of the mighty warrior." This meaning is why many parents choose Madison as a name for their child because it sounds strong and powerful. Additionally, Madison is also associated with intelligence and creativity, which makes it a popular choice for parents who want their child's name to reflect their personality and potential. It has become a popular first name in the United States. It was one of the most popular names during the 2000s–2010s for girls. This name was ranked #29 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

Although less common, the name has also been used for boys.


Tarantula nebula

The Tarantula nebula (also known as 30 Doradus) is an H II region in the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC). It was originally thought to be a star, but in 1751 Lacaille recognized it was a nebula.

The Tarantula nebula has an apparent magnitude of 8. Considering its distance of 49 kpc (160,000 light-years), this is an extremely luminous object. Its luminosity is so great that if it were as close to Earth as the Orion Nebula, the Tarantula nebula would cast shadows.

It is the most active starburst region known in the Local Group of galaxies. It is also one of the largest such regions in the Local Group with an estimated diameter of 200 pc.

30 Doradus has at its centre the star cluster NGC 2070 which includes the group of stars known as R136. This group puts out most of the energy that makes the nebula visible. The estimated mass of the cluster is 450,000 solar masses. It may become a globular cluster in the future.

In addition to NGC 2070, the Tarantula nebula has other star clusters, including the much older Hodge 301. The most massive stars of Hodge 301 have already exploded in supernovae. The closest supernova observed since the invention of the telescope, Supernova 1987A, occurred in the outskirts of the Tarantula Nebula. The remnants of many other supernovae are difficult to detect in the complex nebulosity.

Rice allergy

Rice allergy is a type of food allergy. People allergic to rice react to some rice proteins after they eat rice or breathe in rice steam. Although some reactions might lead to severe health problems, doctors can diagnose rice allergy with many methods and help allergic people to avoid reactions.

Some rice proteins are regarded as the causes of allergy in some people. People allergic to rice might have sneezing, runny nose, itching, asthma, stomachache or eczema after they eat rice. Besides eating rice, people with a rice allergy can have reactions breathing rice steam from cooked rice. Allergic people might have skin rashes and swellings. Moreover, they might stop breathing and die due to cardiac arrest.

People suspected of having a rice allergy can try diet avoidance on their own. First, they have to avoid rice for a couple of weeks. If they don’t have symptoms in the avoidance period, but have those when exposed to rice, they are most likely allergic to rice.

Specific rice IgE, a kind of antibody in human blood, will rise significantly when people are allergic to rice. A blood test shows the level of the antibody. 

A skin prick test, the most efficient diagnosis, shows the reactions in a short period. After being pricked in their skin with some rice mixture, allergic people will get itching and swelling in about 30 minutes.

Some symptoms might weaken if people get allergy shots. After getting several treatments for a long time, some allergic people will not have reactions afterwards.

Some reactions have been eased by replacing original rice with genetically modified rice. This is regarded as a new choice for rice allergic people. Reactions might lessen by staying away from rice long-term. 

Unlike other food allergies, rice allergy is relatively uncommon.It has been reported worldwide but mostly in China, Japan or Korea. Because rice is a major food in Asia, people from Asia are exposed to higher allergy risk than people from other areas.


Congressional Apportionment Amendment

The Congressional Apportionment Amendment (originally titled Article the First) is a proposed amendment to the United States Constitution. It was one of twelve "articles of amendment" to the United States Constitution approved by the 1st Congress on September 25, 1789. They were sent to the legislatures of the several states for ratification. If adopted, it would establish a formula for determining the appropriate size of the House of Representatives following each constitutionally required wikt:decennial census. It is the only one of the twelve proposed amendments that has not been adopted, as it has not been ratified by enough states for it to become part of the Constitution.

Because Congress did not set a time limit for its ratification, the Congressional Apportionment Amendment is still technically pending before the states. Ratification by an additional 27 states is now necessary for this amendment to be adopted. The other 1789 article of amendment ("Article the Second") of the original 12, was belatedly ratified in 1992. It became the Twenty-seventh Amendment.

The "ideal" number of seats in the House of Representatives has been a subject of controversy since the country's founding. The delegates to the 1787 Constitutional Convention set the representation ratio at one representative for every 40,000 people. Upon the suggestion of George Washington, the ratio was changed to 1:30,000. This was the only time Washington voiced an opinion on any of the actual issues debated during the convention.
In Federalist No. 55, James Madison argued that the size of the House of Representatives has to balance the ability of the body to legislate with the need for legislators to have a relationship close enough to the people to understand their local circumstances, that such representatives' social class be low enough to sympathize with the feelings of the mass of the people, and that their power be diluted enough to limit their abuse of the public trust and interests. 

Anti-Federalists, who opposed the Constitution's ratification, noted that there was nothing in the document to guarantee that the number of seats in the House would continue to represent small constituencies as the general population of the states grew. They feared that over time, if the size remained relatively small and the districts became more expansive, that only well-known individuals with reputations spanning wide geographic areas could secure election. It was also feared that those in Congress would, as a result, have an insufficient sense of sympathy with and connectedness to ordinary people in their district.

This concern was evident in the various state ratifying conventions, where several specifically requested an amendment to secure a minimum size for the House of Representatives. Virginia's ratification resolution proposed,

Anti-Federalist Melancton Smith declared at the New York ratifying convention that, 
Federalists, who supported the Constitution's ratification, placated those opposing its ratification by agreeing that the new government should immediately address Anti-Federalist concerns and consider amending the Constitution. The assurance that these issues would be addressed in the First Congress was essential to the ratification of the new form of government.

An amendment establishing a formula for determining the appropriate size of the House of Representatives and the appropriate apportionment of representatives among the states was one of several proposed amendments to the Constitution introduced first in the House on June 8, 1789, by Representative James Madison of Virginia. Madison's original intent was, 

This, along with Madison's other proposals, was referred to a committee consisting of one representative from each state. After emerging from committee, the full House debated the issue and, on August 24, 1789, passed it and sixteen other articles of amendment. The proposals went next to the Senate, which made 26 substantive alterations. On September 9, 1789, the Senate approved a culled and consolidated package of twelve articles of amendment. Changed in this amendment was the apportionment formula to be followed once the number of House members reached 100.

At the time it was sent to the states for ratification, an affirmative vote by ten states would have made this amendment operational. That number rose to eleven on March 4, 1791, when Vermont joined the Union. By the end of 1791, the amendment was only one state short of the mark. However, when Kentucky attained statehood on June 1, 1792, the number climbed to twelve, and, even though Kentucky ratified the amendment that summer (along with the other eleven amendments), it was still one state short. No additional states ratified this amendment since. To become part of the Constitution, 27 additional ratifications are required.

Eugene Martin LaVergne, a former attorney claims to have found evidence that the entire proposed Bill of Rights, including this proposed amendment, was ratified by Connecticut in 1790. As such, Kentucky's 1792 ratification would have been sufficient for the amendment to meet the constitutional requirement to become part of the Constitution. However, according to LaVergne the Connecticut ratification was never forwarded to Congress for action. LaVergne argued the point in a lawsuit against a number of federal officials, but the case was dismissed. The dismissal was summarily affirmed "per curiam" by the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, ending the case.


Federalist No. 55

The Federalist No. 55 is an essay by James Madison. It is the fifty-fifth of a collection called the Federalist Papers. It was published on February 13, 1788 under the pseudonym Publius, the name under which all The Federalist Papers were published. In this paper, Madison examines the size of the United States House of Representatives. It is titled, "The Total Number of the House of Representatives."

The paper discusses critics' objections to the relatively small size of the House of Representatives (sixty-five members). Madison notes that the size of the House will increase as population increases. In addition, he states that the small size does not put the public liberty in danger because of the checks and balances relationship the House of Representatives has with the state legislatures, as well as the fact every member is voted in by the people every two years.

<br>

IC 10

IC 10 is an irregular galaxy in the constellation Cassiopeia. 

It was discovered in 1887. Edwin Hubble suspected it might belong to the Local Group of galaxies, but this was uncertain for decades. The radial velocity of IC 10 was measured in 1962. It is approaching the Milky Way at about 350 km/s. This strengthened the evidence for its being in the Local Group. Its membership in the group was finally confirmed in 1996 by measurements of its distance by observations of Cepheids. Despite its closeness, the galaxy is rather difficult to study because it lies near the galactic plane of the Milky Way. It is heavily obscured by interstellar matter.

The apparent distance between IC 10 and the Andromeda Galaxy is about the same as the apparent distance between the Andromeda Galaxy and the Triangulum Galaxy, which suggests that IC 10 may belong to the M31 subgroup.

IC 10 is the only known starburst galaxy in the Local Group of galaxies. It has many more Wolf-Rayet stars per square kiloparsec (5.1 stars/kpc²) than the Large Magellanic Cloud (2.0 stars/kpc²) or the Small Magellanic Cloud (0.9 stars/kpc²). Although the galaxy has a luminosity similar to the SMC, it is much smaller. The evolutionary status of the Wolf-Rayet stars suggests they all formed in a relatively short period. The galaxy produces stars at the rate of 0.04–0.08 solar masses per year, which means that the gas supply in the galaxy can last for a few billion years longer.

Observations of IC 10 in the far-infrared show that the dust in this mild starburst galaxy is deficient in small grains. Perhaps small grains were destroyed by strong ultraviolet radiation in the areas around the hot luminous stars.

The galaxy has a huge envelope of hydrogen gas, with an apparent size measuring 68′ × 80′, which is far larger than the apparent size of the galaxy in visible light (5.5′ × 7.0′). IC 10 is also unusual in the respect that the visible part of the galaxy seems to rotate in a different direction than the outer envelope. It has an H II nucleus.

Shinzo Abe

Shinzo Abe (, "Abe Shinzō", ; 21 September 1954 – 8 July 2022) was a Japanese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Japan from 2006 to 2007 and again from 2012 to 2020. Abe had been a member of the House of Representatives from 1996 until his assassination in 2022. He was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party and was the party's president twice during his time as prime minister. Between 2005 and 2006, he was the Chief Cabinet Secretary in the Junichiro Koizumi government.

He was the 90th Prime Minister of Japan following Junichiro Koizumi in 2006. He was elected at age 52, becoming the youngest post-war prime minister in Japan's history. However, he stepped down on 12 September 2007 after a year. The stated reason to end his term was missing support for Japan's mission in Afghanistan. 

In 2012 he again became party leader and his party went on to win the election in December 2012 by a wide margin. This brought him back to power as Prime Minister. In 2019, he became the longest serving Prime Minister in Japan. His economic policies were known as Abenomics. 

On 28 August 2020, Abe announced his plans to resign as Prime Minister because of his bad health with ulcerative colitis. He was replaced by Yoshihide Suga on 16 September 2020.

He was born in Shinjuku, Tokyo, but his constituency is in Yamaguchi Prefecture. It was inherited from his father Shintaro Abe who was a Foreign Minister. His grandfather was imprisoned and suspected war criminal Nobusuke Kishi who later became Prime Minister. His brother Nobuo Kishi became Minister of Defense in 2020. In 1987, Abe married Akie Abe.

On 8 July 2022, Abe was shot from behind in the neck and chest while he was giving a speech in Nara, Japan. The shooter was Tetsuya Yamagami, a 41-year-old man from Nara. Abe collapsed on stage while bleeding and went into cardiopulmonary arrest. He was quickly hospitalized afterwards with heart failure and had no "vital signs".

At 5:03 pm JST Abe's death was announced. The doctors said that he had died because he had lost too much blood and the bullet had gone in deep enough to enter his heart.

A small private funeral was held on 12 July. A state funeral was held on 27 September at the Nippon Budokan.

This was the first assassination of a former Japanese prime minister since 1936.


The Old Man and the Sea

The Old Man and the Sea is a novella by Ernest Hemingway that was written in 1951 and then published in 1952. It is Hemingway's most famous work, and also his final work to be published while he was alive. Hemingway was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1954 for this work. Hemingway wrote it while he was in the Bahamas. The work tells the story of Santiago, an old Cuban fisherman who catches a giant marlin in the Gulf Stream.

Water tank

A water tank is a container for storing water. The need for water tanks is as old as civilization. Tanks were used to provide storage of water for use in many applications, drinking water, irrigation agriculture, fire suppression, agricultural farming, both for plants and livestock, chemical manufacturing, food preparation as well as many other uses. Water tank parameters include the general design of the tank, and choice of construction materials, linings. Various materials are used for making a water tank: plastics (polyethylene, polypropylene), fiberglass, concrete, stone, steel (welded or bolted, carbon, or stainless). Earthen pots also function as water storages. Water tanks are an efficient way to help developing countries to store clean water. In the 1980s, high density polyethylene rotationally molded water tanks became popular for home water storage. Gardeners, for example, use various types of these tanks to store rain water. A Water tower, usually made of metal, is a type of elevated water tank.

History of the United States Constitution

The history of the United States Constitution is a history of how the government of the United States functions, its rule of law and the rights guaranteed to its citizens. It was signed by the delegates to the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia on September 17, 1787. It replaced the Articles of Confederation, that served as new nation's first constitution. The government under the Articles proved to be weak and inefficient. When the convention was called to meet in Philadelphia on May 25, 1787, most of the members were aware a new stronger government was necessary.

The history of the (second) Constitution of the United States begins with the history behind the creation of the Articles of Confederation, the first constitution. The Articles of Confederation were, in effect, a loose confederation that joined together thirteen independent states to mainly deal with foreign policy. For all other purposes they remained sovereign states. The greatest weakness of the Articles of Confederation is that it had no direct connection to the people themselves. It recognized state sovereignty. Each state collected its own taxes, provided its own militia and printed its own currency. A weak Congress was the chief instrument in the new government. There was no executive branch. The recent tyranny suffered under Britain's King George III made the new country's leaders wary of a strong central government. In Congress, each state only had one vote. States with small populations had the same voting rights as states ten times their size. Amending the Articles required a unanimous vote, which was virtually impossible with thirteen states each having their own interests. 

However, the weaknesses became rapidly apparent. Congress could not levy taxes and so could not effectively support any war effort. The central government did not have the ability to negotiate trade agreements with foreign governments. It could not settle quarrels between states. The country could not protect its ships which were being robbed at by pirates. The states themselves were in a near disastrous condition economically. The widespread use of paper money was causing inflation. So much so that in some places a pound of tea could cost $100. Farmers were being thrown in jail because they could not pay their debts. Many farms were being sold off for the unpaid taxes that were owed. 

There was an attempt at reforming the Articles. The Articles Congress received a report on August 7, 1786 from a twelve-member "Grand Committee". They were appointed to develop needed amendments. Seven amendments to the Articles of Confederation were proposed. Under these reforms, Congress would gain "sole and exclusive" power to regulate trade. States could not favor foreigners over citizens. Tax bills would require a 70% vote, public debt 85%, not the 100% currently required. Congress could charge states a late payment penalty fee. A state withholding troops would be charged for them, plus a penalty. If a state did not pay, Congress could collect directly from its cities and counties. There would have been a national court of seven judges. No-shows at Congress would have been banned from any U.S. or state office. These proposals were, however, sent back to committee without a vote and were not taken up again.

Congress had given the delegates the task of amending the Articles of Confederation. But almost immediately they began discussing a completely new form of government. The debates lasted through the summer of 1787 and at times became so heated it threatened to end the convention prematurely. 

Appointed to the convention were 74 delegates—only 55 of which actually attended the sessions. The state of Rhode Island refused to send any delegates. They believed the convention was actually a conspiracy to overthrow the Confederation government. Patrick Henry of Virginia was another who refused to attend declaring he "smelt a rat." In particular he suspected James Madison, also of Virginia, of wanting to create a new form of government. Henry was a firm believer that the states offered the best protections for personal rights and wanted nothing to do with upsetting that arrangement. Thomas Jefferson and John Adams were away on diplomatic missions. John Jay was in New York at the diplomatic office. For various reasons many of the country's major political leaders were not at the convention. But the list of those who did attend was impressive. It included Benjamin Franklin, James Wilson, Alexander Hamilton, George Mason, John Dickinson, Gouverneur Morris and George Washington. Many others also became famous as framers of the Constitution. 

The sessions were held in secret. Reporters and spectators were not allowed. To those who already had suspicions, the secrecy of the proceedings only confirmed what they feared. There were even armed guards at the doors. Many of those present had already risked being hanged by the British as traitors during the revolution. Now they worried about what their states would think of abandoning the Articles of Confederation.

James Madison spent the winter of 1787 making a study of various confederations throughout history. He came to Philadelphia armed with a wealth of knowledge and an idea for what the United States government should be. His plan was presented to the Convention by Edmund Randolph, the Governor of Virginia. It became the broad outline of what would be a new government under the U.S. Constitution. His plan called for three branches of government with checks and balances to prevent any one branch from abusing their power. Madison's idea for a legislature had two houses. One would feature members elected by the people for a three year term. The other would have its members elected by the state legislatures and would serve for 7 years. Both would have the seats determined by the population of the country.

After debating the Virginia plan for two weeks, William Patterson presented his plan called variously, the New Jersey Plan, the Patterson Plan and the Small State Plan. It was very similar to the Articles of Confederation and featured a unicameral (one house) legislature. All states would have one vote. He had one idea that was kept; that state laws that ran counter to federal laws would be voided.

A third plan was offered by Alexander Hamilton. It was a copy of the British Constitution. It also was bicameral with an upper house and a legislature in which members served on their good behavior.
Finally they worked out a compromise between all three plans. The new government would have an upper house, having an equal number of delegates from each state, and a lower house with representation based on population. The executive branch would have most of the responsibilities of foreign affairs while other important powers, like ratifying treaties, would be the responsibility of the legislative branch. After the new Constitution was ratified by the states, it went into effect in 1789.


Twenty-sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Twenty-sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution (Amendment XXVI) lowered the minimum voting age in the United States from 21 to 18.

The United States Congress approved the amendment on March 23, 1971, and sent it to the states to be ratified. Within three months and eight days, the states had ratified the amendment, and it became part of the Constitution. This was the quickest amendment to be ratified in United States history.

Lowering the minimum voting age was not a new idea. In the United States, some people started trying to get the voting age lowered during World War II. During the war, President Franklin D. Roosevelt lowered the military draft age to 18. This meant that men as young as 18 could be forced to join the military. To many people, it did not seem fair that the government thought these young men were old enough to fight a world war, but not old enough to vote in the country they were fighting for. "Old enough to fight, old enough to vote" became a common slogan.

United States Senator Harley Kilgore had begun supporting a lowered voting age in 1941. Many other Senators, Representatives, and the First Lady, Eleanor Roosevelt, supported the idea. However, Congress never made any changes.

Kilgore's ideas did interest some of the states. In 1943, the Georgia state legislature passed a law lowering the voting age in the state to 18; in 1955, Kentucky did the same thing.

In his State of the Union address in 1954, President Dwight D. Eisenhower became the first president to say publicly that he supported letting people ages 18 and older vote.

In 1963, the President's Commission on Registration and Voting Participation made a report to President Lyndon B. Johnson. The report encouraged Johnson to lower the voting age.

During the 1960s, many Americans pushed both Congress and the state legislatures to lower the minimum voting age from 21 to 18. This was mostly because of to the Vietnam War. As the war went on, more and more people started to protest the war and become active. During that war, many young men were drafted and sent to fight in the war before they were old enough to vote. This meant they had no way to influence the people sending them off to risk their lives. Protesters started to use the slogan "Old enough to fight, old enough to vote" again.

Supporters also argued that the law treated eighteen-year-olds as adults in many other ways. For example, they had to pay income taxes. Supporters argued that this was "taxation without representation" meaning that 18- to 20-year-olds had to pay taxes, but had no say in what those taxes were or what they were spent on, because they could not vote.

In 1967, United States Representative William St. Onge pointed out: ""To tax our 18-, 19-, and 20-year-olds without giving them the right to vote ignores the great rallying cry of our War of Independence that there [should] be 'no taxation without representation.'"

Similarly, in 1970, in a committee that was debating a possible Constitutional amendment to lower the voting age, Representative Thomas Railsback said: ""Our laws tax these 18-year-olds but our voting laws do not permit them representation in enacting that tax law. The Boston Tea Party was supposed to have been the spark that put that issue to rest in this country."

Not everybody supported lowering the minimum voting age. Opponents to giving younger people the vote had several arguments. Many argued that teenagers were not mature or responsible enough to vote.

Other people argued that teenagers did not know enough to have the right to vote. One historian writes:
Others criticized the "old enough to fight, old enough to vote" argument. For example, in 1953, the popular magazine "Collier's Weekly" said this argument "doesn't justify giving young ladies of eighteen the right to franchise [vote]." They added: "If a man if old enough to vote when he's old enough to fight, then logically the man who is too old to fight out to lose the right to vote."

Another example comes from an editorial written by the "New York Times" in 1967. The paper wrote: "The requirements for a good soldier and for a good voter are not the same. For the soldier, youthful enthusiasm and physical endurance are [of most] importance; for the voter, maturity of judgment far outweighs other qualifications."

Finally, some people thought lowering the voting age was not that important for the country, and that it should be left up to each individual state.

In 1970, United States Senators Ted Kennedy and Mike Mansfield suggested changing the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to lower the voting age in the United States.

The Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment says that the government has to give every person "the equal protection of its laws." People who supported the addition to the Voting Rights Act of 1965, like Ted Kennedy, said that by not allowing 18- to 20-year-olds to vote, the government not treating them equally by not letting them vote.

President Nixon disagreed with Kennedy. He was not against lowering the voting age. However, he did not agree with Kennedy's legal argument. He also worried that if the Supreme Court thought the new Voting Rights Act was unconstitutional, they could overturn it  cancel the entire law. Nixon thought this could cause a lot of damage to the country.

However, on June 22, 1970, President Richard Nixon signed an extension (an addition) to the Voting Rights Act of 1965. The change required the voting age to be 18 in all federal, state, and local elections. After signing the change, Nixon said:

After Nixon signed this change, about 17 states refused to change their minimum voting ages to 18.

After Nixon signed the change to the Voting Rights Act, Oregon and Texas challenged the law in court. The case, "Oregon v. Mitchell," made it to the Supreme Court in October 1970. This was just four months after Nixon signed the change. By this time, four states had lowered their minimum voting ages: Georgia, Kentucky, Alaska, and Hawaii.

In "Oregon v. Mitchell", the Supreme Court looked at whether the voting age changes that Congress added to the Voting Rights Act were constitutional. This means they looked at whether the changes agreed with the rules in the Constitution, or broke them. The judges on the Supreme Court strongly disagreed with each other in this case. Eventually, five out of the nine judges agreed on a decision - just enough to reach the majority needed for a decision. However, most of the judges did not agree on which legal reason was behind their decision.

The Court ruled that Congress could set a voting age for federal elections, but not state or local elections. This meant that for state and local elections, states could keep the voting age at 21 if they wanted to. However, they would have to keep two different voting registers (lists of people who had signed up to vote): one for federal elections, which would include people as young as 18, and another for state and local elections, which would only include people over age 20.

After the Supreme Court's decision, both Congress and the states wanted to find a way to lower the minimum voting age throughout the country. Congress decided to propose a Constitutional amendment that would set the minimum voting age at 18 everywhere in the country. This would be different than the change to the Voting Rights Act in a few ways.

First of all, the states did not want to deal with the cost and difficulty of having to keep two different voting registers, so they supported the idea of a Constitutional amendment. Also, when they changed the Voting Rights Act, Congress had made a law about state and local elections without the states having any say. However, for an amendment to be added to the Constitution, two-thirds of both Houses of Congress, and then three-fourths of the state legislatures, have to agree on it. (These rules are set out in Article Five of the Constitution.) An amendment would be something that both Congress "and" the states agreed on. Congress would not be over-using its power and breaking the Constitution by making laws for the states.

Opinion polls said that most Americans wanted the Twenty-sixth Amendment to pass. Younger people were most likely to support the Amendment. However, even in people over age 50, over half of Americans supported the Amendment. Even the "New York Times" changed its official opinion and supported the Amendment.

On March 10, 1971, the United States Senate voted 94–0 in support of proposing an amendment that would lower the minimum voting age to 18 everywhere in the country. On March 23, the United States House of Representatives voted 401–19 for the amendment. Congress sent the amendment to the states.

For the Twenty-sixth Amendment to be added to the Constitution, three-fourths of the state legislatures (38 out of the 50) would have to ratify the Amendment. It took just three months for 38 states to ratify the Amendment. After the Amendment was added to the Constitution, another five states ratified it. Seven states never did.

The states ratified the Amendment in this order:

On July 5, 1971, President Richard Nixon held a ceremony at the White House, where he signed the Twenty-sixth Amendment just to show his support. (The President does not have to sign an amendment in order for it to be added to the Constitution.) During the signing ceremony, he talked about his confidence in the United States' young people:

Tray Walker

Tray Walker (August 5, 1992 – March 18, 2016) was an American football cornerback. He played for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Texas Southern, and was drafted by the Ravens in the 4th round of the 2015 NFL draft. He was born in Miami, Florida.

Walker died in Miami, Florida when he was dirt biking when his bike was hit by a car. He died the next day on March 18, 2016 from his injuries. He was aged 23.

Lothar Späth

Lothar Späth (16 November 1937 – 18 March 2016) was a German politician of the CDU.

From 30 August 1978 to 13 January 1991, Späth was the 5th Minister President of Baden-Württemberg and chairman of the CDU Baden-Württemberg. He served as the 36th President of the Bundesrat in the 1980s.

Separation process

A separation process is a method used in science to separate two substances, that once formed a mixture. The type of separation process used depend on the mixture's properties and components. Here are examples of separation techniques: distilliation, evaporation, chromatography, filtration, fractional distillation and magnetism. The end product of the separation process is one or more pure compounds.

Les Tanyuk

Leonid (Les) Stepanovych Tanyuk (, August 7, 1938 – March 18, 2016) was a Ukrainian theatre and movie director. He was a dissident and the head of the Club of Creative Youth. After 1991's Ukrainian independence Tanyuk became a multiple re-elected member of the Ukrainian parliament.

Tanyuk died on March 18, 2016 in Kiev, Ukraine from stomach cancer at the age of 77.

Jan Němec

Jan Němec (12 July 1936 – 18 March 2016) was a Czech movie director and screenwriter. His important work dates from the 1960s. Movie historian Peter Hames has called him as the "enfant terrible of the Czech New Wave." He was known for directing the 1966 movie "A Report on the Party and the Guests".


Argentine real

The real was the former currency of Argentina. It was in circulation from 1813 to 1881 and was also the country's first currency used. During its period, the "sol" was also used and its value was equal to that of the real. The peso was worth 8 reales and the escudo was worth 16 reales.

2012 Democratic Party presidential primaries

The 2012 Democratic presidential primaries and caucuses is how voters of the Democratic Party chose the candidate for United States presidential election, 2012. The incumbent president, Barack Obama, won the primaries and caucuses after winning 88.87% of the popular vote, and all of the states and territories. No other candidates could challenge Obama.

Barack Obama was the only candidate who was on the ballot in all 50 states.


Twenty-seventh Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Twenty-seventh Amendment to the United States Constitution (Amendment XXVII) has to do with the salaries paid to members of the United States Congress. 

Congress is made of two "Houses," and the members of each House serve different terms (amounts of time in office). Members of the United States Senate serve six-year terms, and members of the United States House of Representatives serve two years each. The Twenty-seventh Amendment says that no law can change Congresspeople's salaries until a new two-year term for Representatives starts.

As of 2024, the Twenty-seventh amendment is the last amendment that has been added to the Constitution. It took longer for the states to ratify this amendment than any other in history. The 1st United States Congress sent the suggested amendment to the states for their approval on September 25, 1789. It was not until May 7, 1992, that enough states ratified the amendment for it to be added to the Constitution. The ratification process had taken 202 years, 7 months, and 12 days the longest in United States history.

When Congress first proposed the amendment in 1789, this is the text they suggested:

On September 25, 1789, the first United States Congress gave a group of 12 amendments to the states for their approval. Written by James Madison, these were the first 12 Constitutional amendments ever written. One of them was an amendment about salaries for Members of Congress. Madison wanted to protect against Congresspeople being able to give themselves raises whenever they wanted to, while they were in the middle of their terms and the people could not vote them out.

In 1791, the states ratified ten of the 12 suggested amendments. These ten amendments became the Bill of Rights. However, the states did not ratify the other two amendments out of the 12 including the one on limiting pay for Congresspeople.

James Madison first proposed this amendment in the United States House of Representatives on June 8, 1789. On August 24, 1789, the House passed the suggested amendment and sixteen others. The proposals went next to the United States Senate, which made 26 different changes to the House's suggested amendments. After taking out some parts of the House amendments, and combining others, the Senate approved a package of twelve suggested amendments on September 9, 1789.

Now a committee of House and Senate members had to meet to figure out a compromise and come up with amendments that they could all agree on. After three days, they had come up with 12 suggested amendments, which they brought back to the full House and Senate. That same day September 24, 1789 the House agreed on the 12 proposed amendments. The next day, the Senate agreed too. The 12 amendments included the one on Congressional pay.

Congress sent the package of 12 amendments to the states on September 25, 1789. For these amendments to be added to the Constitution, three-fourths of the state legislatures would have to ratify (approve) the amendments. At the time, there were only 11 states (North Carolina and Rhode Island had not ratified the Constitution yet). This meant just nine states would have to approve the amendments to add them to the Constitution.

On December 15, 1791, the states ratified ten of the twelve suggested amendments. These got added to the Constitution together as the Bill of Rights. However, at this time, only six states had ratified the Congressional pay amendment. 

Over the next 186 years, only two more states ratified the Amendment. Meanwhile, many more states joined the United States. This meant that a larger number of states would need to ratify the amendment to get it added to the Constitution, since three-fourths of the state legislatures needed to ratify it, and there were more and more states as time went on.

The states ratified the Amendment in this order:

Hide

Hide or hides may refer to:


From Russia with Love

From Russia with Love is the second James Bond movie made by Eon Productions. It is also the second to star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Released in 1963, the film was produced by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman. It was directed by Terence Young. From Russia with Love is based on the 1957 novel of the same name written by Ian Fleming. In the movie, James Bond is sent to assist in the defection of Soviet consulate clerk Tatiana Romanova in Turkey, where SPECTRE plans to avenge Bond's killing of Dr. No. Rotten Tomatoes gave the move a 96% rating.



Vajiralongkorn

Maha Vajiralongkorn (born 28 July 1952) became the King of Thailand on October 13, 2016. He is the only son of former King Bhumibol Adulyadej and Queen Sirikit. In 1972, the king gave him the title "His Royal Highness Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn" . The title made him the third Crown Prince of Thailand and heir apparent to the throne. Vajiralongkorn was also a marshal in the Thai military.

After his father's death on 13 October 2016, he succeeded to the throne of Thailand, with a delay, saying he needed "time to prepare before being proclaimed as the new king". He accepted the throne on December 1, 2016. The coronation was held in May 2019.

At aged 64, Vajiralongkorn became the oldest Thai monarch to ascend to the throne.

He is the wealthiest monarch in the world, with a net worth said to be between and .

Vajiralongkorn has been married and divorced three times. He has three daughters and five sons. His four eldest sons were born before he married their mother. They are not able to succeed as king, because their titles have been removed. Dipangkorn Rasmijoti, born in 2005, is heir presumptive.

On 1 May 2019, three days before his coronation, Vajiralongkorn married Suthida Tidjai, former acting commander of Royal Thai Aide-de-Camp Department.



On Her Majesty's Secret Service

On Her Majesty's Secret Service is a James Bond movie. It was released in 1969. It stars George Lazenby as Bond. It also stars Diana Rigg and Telly Savalas. It is the sixth movie in the James Bond series. It is based on the novel of the same name by Ian Fleming. Louis Armstrong sings the song of the movie.


Anti

Anti may refer to:



Lyubka Rondova

Lyubka Vasileva Rondova, Ljubka Rondova or Lubka Rondova () (24 September 1936 – 15 March 2016) was a Bulgarian folk singer. She best known for performing and recording many of the traditional song from Macedonia as a folklore region. She was born in Sidirochori, Greece to Bulgarian parents. She was awarded the highest Bulgarian order Stara planina, First Degree in 2002.

Rondova died in Sofia, Bulgaria at the age of 79.


Robert H. Michel

Robert Henry "Bob" Michel (pronounced "Michael"; March 2, 1923 – February 17, 2017) was an American Republican Party politician.

He was a member of the United States House of Representatives for 38 years. He represented central Illinois' 18th congressional district, and was the GOP leader in Congress during the Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton presidencies from 1981 through 1995. He as Minority Leader from 1981 through 1995. He was also Minority Whip for 6 years from 1975 through 1981.

Michel was born and raised in Peoria, Illinois. He studied in Bradley University. Michel died on February 17, 2017 in Arlington, Virginia from pneumonia, aged 93.


Joe Santos

Joe Santos (born Joseph John Minieri, Jr.; June 9, 1931 – March 18, 2016) was an American movie and television actor. He was born in The Bronx, New York. He played Sergeant Dennis Becker in "The Rockford Files", and Lt. Frank Harper in the TV series "Hardcastle and McCormick". He appeared on "The Sopranos" as Angelo Garepe in seven 2004 episodes.

Santos suffered a heart attack on March 14, 2016, according to his son. He died four days later in Santa Monica, California at the age of 84.

José Artetxe

José Luis Artetxe Muguire (26 June 1930 – 19 March 2016) was a Spanish footballer who played as a striker. He was born in Algorta, Spain. His career began in 1947.

Artetxe played for Getxo from 1949 through 1950, for Athletic Bilbao from 1950 through 1965 and for Spain national football team in 1953 and again from 1954 through 1959. He retired in the 1960s.

Artetxe earned six caps for Spain, during five years. His debut came on 17 March 1954 in a 2–2 draw against Turkey for the 1954 FIFA World Cup qualifiers. He scored the game's first goal in Rome.

Artetxe died in Bilbao, Spain from complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 85.


Titles of Nobility Amendment

The Titles of Nobility Amendment is a proposed amendment to the United States Constitution. It was approved by the 11th Congress on May 1, 1810, and submitted to the state legislatures for ratification. It would strip United States citizenship from any citizen who accepted a title of nobility from a foreign country. On two occasions between 1812 and 1816, it only needed ratifying by two states to become a valid part of the Constitution. Congress did not set a time limit for its ratification, so the amendment is still pending before the states. Now, since the number of states has increased, ratification by an additional 26 states would be needed for this amendment to be adopted.

This proposed amendment would amplify both , which prohibits the federal government from issuing titles of nobility or honor, and , which prohibits the states from issuing them.

There is speculation that the Congress proposed the amendment in response to the 1803 marriage of Napoleon Bonaparte's younger brother, Jerome, and Betsy Patterson of Baltimore, Maryland. She gave birth to a son for whom she wanted aristocratic recognition from France. The child, named Jérôme Napoleon Bonaparte, was not born in the United States, but in Great Britain on July 7, 1805. Nevertheless, he would have held U.S. citizenship through his mother. In turn, his son, Charles Joseph Bonaparte, was born in 1851 and died 1921. He graduated from Harvard Law School, and became Secretary of the Navy and then, in the Theodore Roosevelt Administration, Attorney-General – and created the FBI. Another theory is that his mother actually desired a title of nobility for herself. She is referred to as the "Duchess of Baltimore" in many texts written about the amendment. The marriage had been annulled in 1805. This was well before the amendment's proposal by the 11th Congress. Nonetheless, Representative Nathaniel Macon of North Carolina is recorded to have said that "he considered the vote on this question as deciding whether or not we were to have members of the Legion of Honor in this country."


1st United States Congress

The First United States Congress, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives, met from March 4, 1789, to March 4, 1791. This was during the first two years of George Washington's presidency. Congress met first at Federal Hall in New York City and later at Congress Hall in Philadelphia. With the initial meeting of the First Congress, the United States federal government officially began operations under the new (and current) frame of government established by the 1787 Constitution. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the provisions of of the Constitution. Both chambers had a Pro-Administration majority. Twelve articles of amendment to the Constitution were passed by this Congress and sent to the states for ratification. The ten ratified as additions to the Constitution on December 15, 1791 are collectively known as the Bill of Rights (Amendments one through ten).


Held March 4, 1789, through September 29, 1789, at Federal Hall in New York City

Held January 4, 1790, through August 12, 1790, at Federal Hall in New York City

Held December 6, 1790, through March 3, 1791, at Congress Hall in Philadelphia



There were no political parties in this Congress. Members are informally grouped into factions of similar interest, based on an analysis of their voting record.

Details on changes are shown below in the "Changes in membership" section.

During this congress, two Senate seats were added for North Carolina and Rhode Island when each ratified the Constitution.

During this congress, five House seats were added for North Carolina and one House seat was added for Rhode Island when they ratified the Constitution.




Grand-Bassam shootings

On 13 March 2016, three gunmen opened fire at a beach on Grand-Bassam, Ivory Coast. They attacked the Étoile du Sud hotel which was occupied at the time. 19 people were killed. Thirty-three people were injured.

It had been the third attack on a tourism resort in West Africa for four months.

The attack started when three armed assailants attacked the Étoile du Sud hotel. Agence France-Presse writes that it was occupied by numerous expatriates at the time. According to officials, 15 civilians and three special forces soldiers were killed. The attackers were described as Africans. The had grenade belts and Kalashnikov rifles. They were dressed in casual clothes and balaclavas. 

A shootout started between the attackers and police when the assailants reached the La Paillote Hotel. Army personnel evacuated local residents and tourists from the beach to nearby hotels. The hotels were placed on lockdown by that time.

Government officials as said that security forces had killed six armed men. The terrorists shouted "Allahu Akbar". 

An American embassy delegation was at Grand-Bassam on the date of the attack. But the US Embassy in Abidjan said on Twitter that there is "no evidence that U.S. citizens were targeted". French authorities had warned Ivory Coast and Senegal weeks earlier of the danger of a terrorist attack.

Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) and al-Mourabitoun claimed responsibility for the attack. AQIM released the names of the attackers: Hamza al-Fulani and Abu Adam al-Ansari from al-Mourabitoun and Abderrahmane al-Fulani from the "Emirate of the Desert" on 17 March.



Republicanism in the United States

Republicanism in the United States is a set of ideas that guides the government and politics. These ideas have shaped the government, and the way people in the United States think about politics, since the American Revolution.

The American Revolution, the Declaration of Independence (1776), the Constitution (1787), and even the Gettysburg Address (1863) were based on ideas from American republicanism.

"Republicanism" comes from the word "republic." However, they are not the same thing. A republic is a type of government (one where the people can choose their leaders). Republicanism is an ideology set of beliefs that people in a republic have about what is most important to them.

Republicanism in the United States grew out of some very old ideas. It includes ideas from ancient Greece, ancient Rome, the Renaissance, and England.

Some of the most important ideas of republicanism are that:

Republicanism is different than other forms of democracy. In a "pure" democracy, the majority rules. If a majority of the people voted to take rights away from a certain group, that is what would happen. Alexis de Tocqueville, a famous French political thinker, called this the "tyranny of the majority." He meant that a pure democracy could still turn into an unfair, unequal, corrupt society if the majority of the people decided to take away others' rights.

However, republicanism says that people have "unalienable" rights that cannot be voted away. Republican governments are different than "pure" democracies, because they include protections to make sure people's rights are not taken away. In a true republican government, one group - even if it is a majority - cannot take another group's unalienable rights away.

American republicanism was created and first practiced by the Founding Fathers in the 18th century. For them, "republicanism represented more than a particular form of government. It was a way of life, a core ideology, an uncompromising commitment to liberty, and a total rejection of aristocracy." Republicanism shaped what the Founders thought and did during the American Revolution, and after.

The leaders of colonial America in the 1760s and 1770s read history carefully. Their goal was to compare governments and how well different types of governments worked. They were especially interested in the history of liberty in England. They modeled American republicanism partly after the English "Country Party." This was a political party which opposed the Court Party, which held power in England.

The Country Party was based on ancient Greek and Roman republicanism. The Party criticized the corruption in the "Court" Party, which focused mostly on the King's court in London. It did not focus on the needs of regular people in England, or on areas outside of the capital city.

By reading history, The Founders came up with a set of political ideas that they called "republicanism." By 1775, these ideas were common in colonial America. One historian writes: "Republicanism was the distinctive political [way of thinking] of the entire Revolutionary generation."

Another historian explains that believers of American republicanism saw government as a threat. He writes that colonists felt constantly "threatened by corruption." Government, to them, was "the [biggest] source of corruption and operat[ed] through such means as patronage, faction, standing armies ( [instead of] the ideal of the militia); [and] established churches" which people would have to belong to.

By the 1770s, most Americans were dedicated to republican values and to their property rights. This helped cause the American Revolution. More and more, Americans saw Britain as corrupt; hostile; and a threat to republicanism, freedom, and property rights. Many people thought that the greatest threat to liberty was corruption not just in London, but at home too. They thought corruption went along with inherited aristocracy, which they hated.

During the Revolution, many Christians connected republicanism with their religion. When the Revolution started, there was a major change in thinking that "convinced Americans ... that God was raising up America for some special purpose," according to one historian. This made the Revolutionists believe that they had a moral and religious duty to get rid of the corruption in the monarchy.

Another historian, Gordon Wood, writes that republicanism led to American Exceptionalism: "Our beliefs in liberty, equality, constitutionalism, and the well-being of ordinary people came out of the Revolutionary era. So too did our idea that we Americans are a special people with a special destiny to lead the world toward liberty and democracy."

In his "Discourse of 1759," Revolutionist Jonathan Mayhew argued that people should only obey their governments if they "actually perform the duty of rulers by exercising a reasonable and [fair] authority for the good of human society." Many American colonists were convinced that British rulers were not using their power "for the good of human society." This made them want to form a new government which would be based on republicanism. They thought a republican government would protect not threaten freedom and democracy.

The "Founding Fathers" were strong supporters of republican values, especially Samuel Adams, Patrick Henry, George Washington, Thomas Paine, Benjamin Franklin, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, and Alexander Hamilton.

For example, Thomas Jefferson once wrote that a government that had the most possible participation by "its citizens in mass" (all the people together) was the safest kind. He said a republic is:
The Founding Fathers often talked about what "republicanism" meant. In 1787, John Adams defined it as "a government, in which all men, rich and poor, magistrates and subjects, officers and people, masters and servants, the first citizen and the last, are equally subject to the laws."

Some other ideas also affected the Founding Fathers. For example, in the 1600s, John Locke, an English philosopher, had created the idea of the "social contract." This idea said that people agree to obey governments, and in return, those governments agree to protect the people and their rights. This is like a contract made between the people and the government. If the government breaks this contract, and does not protect the people's rights, then the people have the right to overthrow their leaders. This idea was important to the Revolutionists.

When they were writing state and national constitutions, the Americans used ideas from Montesquieu, an 18th-century French political thinker. Montesquieu wrote about how the perfect British constitution would be "balanced." The idea of a balance of power (also called "checks and balances") is a very important part of the Constitution. It is one of the strategies the Founders used to make sure their government would be republican and protect the people from government corruption.

The Founding Fathers wanted republicanism because its ideas guaranteed liberty, with limited powers checking and balancing each other. However, they also wanted change to happen slowly. They worried that in a democracy, the majority of voters could vote away rights and freedoms. They were most worried about poor Americans (who made up most of the United States) turning against the rich. They worried that democracy could turn into "mob rule."

To guard against this, the Founders wrote many protections into the Constitution. For example:


Most adult white males were able to vote. In 1776, most states required people to own property to be able to vote. However, at that time, America was 90% rural, and most people owned farms. As cities grew bigger and people started doing work in the cities, most states dropped the property requirement. By 1850, this requirement was gone in every state.

Under the new government after the Revolution, "republican motherhood" became an ideal. Abigail Adams and Mercy Otis Warren were held up as the perfect "republican mothers." This idea said that a republican mother's first duty was to teach her children republican values. Her second job was to live simply and avoid luxury, which the Founders linked with corruption.

Many of the Founders did not think "democracy" was a good idea. Their idea of "democracy" was the "pure democracy" that de Tocqueville had described. They worried often about the problem of 'tyranny of the majority' that de Tocqueville had warned about. They wrote many protections into the Constitution to prevent this from happening. As historians Richard Ellis and Michael Nelson write: "The principles of republican government embedded in the Constitution represent an effort by the framers to [make sure] that the inalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness would not be [destroyed] by majorities." Thomas Jefferson warned that "an elect[ed] despotism is not the government we fought for."

James Madison, in particular, worried about this, and wrote about it in "The Federalist Papers". The "Federalist Papers" talk about democracy as being dangerous, because it allows a majority to take away the rights of a smaller group. However, Madison thought that as more people came to the United States, the country would get more diverse, and it would be harder to form a majority big enough to do this. In Federalist No. 10, Madison also argued that a strong federal government would help protect republicanism. The United States' first constitution, the Articles of Confederation, gave most power to the states and had a very weak federal government that could not get anything done. In Federalist No. 10, Madison argued that a small but powerful group might be able to take control of a small area, like a state. However, it would be much harder to take over an entire country. The bigger the country, he argued, the safer republicanism would be.

As late as 1800, the word "democrat" still had a very bad meaning to most Americans. It was mostly used to attack an opponent of the Federalist party. In 1798, George Washington complained that a "Democrat ... will leave nothing unattempted to overturn the Government of this Country." This changed over the next few decades.

United States Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story (1779–1845) made the protection of property rights by the courts a major part of American republicanism. James Madison appointed Story to the Court in 1811. Story and Chief Justice John Marshall made the Court a protector of the rights of property against runaway democracy. Story believed that "the right of the citizens to the free enjoyment of their property" (if they got it legally) was "a great and fundamental principle of a republican government." Historians agree that Story—as much or more than Marshall or anyone else—reshaped American law in a conservative direction that protected property rights.

Republicanism saw military service as one of a citizen's most important duties. John Randolph, a Congressman from Virginia, once said: "When citizen and soldier shall be synonymous terms, then you will be safe."

However, at this time, the word "army" meant "foreign mercenaries." After the Revolutionary War, Americans did not trust mercenaries. Instead, they came up with the idea of a national army, made of citizens. They changed their definition of military service from a choice of careers to a civic duty something every good republican should do. Before the Civil War, people saw military service as an important show of patriotism, and a necessary part of citizenship. To soldiers, military service was something they chose to do, something they had a say in, and it showed that they were good citizens.

The term "republic" is not used in the Declaration of Independence. However, it does appear in Article Four of the Constitution, which "guarantee[s] to every State in this Union a Republican form of Government."

The United States Supreme Court has created a basic definition of what a "republic" is. In "United States v. Cruikshank" (1875), the court ruled that the "equal rights of citizens" were inherent to the idea of a republic. Later, the Court's decision from "In re Duncan" (1891) ruled that the "right of the people to choose their government" is also part of the definition of a republic.

Over time, most Americans changed their opinion about the word "democracy." By the 1830s, most Americans saw democracy as a great thing, and members of the new Democratic Party proudly called themselves "Democrats."

After 1800, the limitations on democracy (like rules that limited who could vote) were removed one by one:

Defence Intelligence

Defence Intelligence (DI) is part of the United Kingdom "intelligence Community", with the SIS, GCHQ, and the Security Service. 

It is not a stand-alone organisation, but a part of the Ministry of Defence (MOD). The organisation employs civilian and military staff. The organisation was formerly known as the Defence Intelligence Staff or DIS, but changed its name in 2009.

Defence Intelligence gets information from many sources. This information is used to support military operations, planning, and defence policy. It notes politico-military, scientific and technical developments which may affect the UK. DI's assessments support the work of the Joint Intelligence Committee (JIC), other Government departments, and international partners such as NATO and the European Union. 

It is this 'all-source' information which distinguishes Defence Intelligence from other organisations such as SIS and GCHQ. They focus on the collection of 'single-source' human intelligence (HUMINT) and signals intelligence (SIGINT) respectively.

Water purification

Water purification is the process of removing contaminants from water. One reason is to make it safe for humans to consume. Another is industrial use such as cleaning and cooling microchips during manufacturing. Unclean water is not only harmful to your health but equally damaging for the plumbing, home appliances, kitchen, washroom, and everything. According to a 2007 World Health Organization (WHO) report, 1.1 billion people do not have access clean drinking water.

Corwin Amendment

The Corwin Amendment is a proposed amendment to the United States Constitution. It was passed by the Congress on March 2, 1861 and sent to the state legislatures for ratification. Senator William H. Seward of New York introduced the amendment in the Senate. Representative Thomas Corwin of Ohio introduced it in the House of Representatives. It was one of several bills considered by Congress in an unsuccessful attempt to attract the seceding states back into the Union and to convince border slave states to stay. Technically still pending before the states, it would, if ratified, shield "domestic institutions" of the states (which in 1861 included slavery) from the constitutional amendment process and from interference by Congress.

The Corwin Amendment was ratified by:

In 1963, more than a century after the Corwin Amendment was sent to the state legislatures by the Congress, a joint resolution to ratify it was introduced in the Texas House of Representatives by Dallas Republican Henry Stollenwerck. The joint resolution was sent to the House's Committee on Constitutional Amendments on March 7, 1963, but received no further consideration.

The Corwin Amendment, when viewed through the lens of the plain meaning rule ("literal rule"), would have made institutionalized slavery unable to be affected by the amendment process. As a result, the later Reconstruction Amendments (Thirteenth, Fourteenth and Fifteenth) would not have been allowed, as they abolish or interfere with the domestic institution of the states.

A competing theory, however, suggests that a later amendment conflicting with an already-ratified Corwin Amendment could either explicitly repeal the Corwin Amendment (as the Twenty-first Amendment explicitly repealed the Eighteenth Amendment) or be inferred to have partially or completely repealed any conflicting provisions of an already-adopted Corwin Amendment.


Child Labor Amendment

The Child Labor Amendment is a proposed and still-pending amendment to the United States Constitution that would specifically authorize Congress to regulate "labor of persons under eighteen years of age". The amendment was proposed in 1924 following Supreme Court rulings in 1918 and 1922 that federal laws regulating and taxing goods produced by employees under the ages of 14 and 16 were unconstitutional.

The majority of the state governments ratified the amendment by the mid-1930s. However, it has not been ratified by the required three-fourths of the states according to Article V of the Constitution. None of the states have ratified it since 1937. There was not much interest in the amendment after the passage of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, which implemented federal regulation of child labor with the Supreme Court's approval in 1941.

Because Congress did not set a time limit for its ratification, the amendment is still technically pending before the states. Currently, ratification by an additional ten states would be necessary for this amendment to become law.

With the Keating–Owen Act of 1916, Congress had attempted to control interstate commerce involving goods produced by employees under the ages of 14 or 16, depending on the type of work. The Supreme Court found this law unconstitutional in "Hammer v. Dagenhart" (1918). Later that year, Congress attempted to levy a tax on businesses with employees under the ages of 14 or 16 (again depending on the type of work), which was struck down by the Supreme Court in "Bailey v. Drexel Furniture". It became apparent that a constitutional amendment would be necessary for such legislation to overcome the Court's objections.

The amendment was offered by Ohio Republican Congressman Israel Moore Foster on April 26, 1924, during the 68th Congress, in the form of House Joint Resolution No. 184. The text of the proposed amendment reads:

Having been approved by Congress, the proposed amendment was sent to the state legislatures for ratification. It was ratified by the following states:

The following fifteen state legislatures rejected the Child Labor Amendment and did not ratify it: Connecticut (1925), Delaware (1925), Florida (1925), Georgia (1924), Louisiana (1924), Maryland (1927), Massachusetts (1925), Missouri (1925), North Carolina (1924), South Carolina (1925), South Dakota (1925, 1933 and 1937), Tennessee (1925), Texas (1925), Vermont (1925), and Virginia (1926). Although the act, on the part of state legislatures, of "rejecting" a proposed constitutional amendment has no legal recognition, such action does have political implications.

Of the 48 states in the Union in 1924, five have taken no action of record on the amendment: Alabama, Mississippi, Nebraska, New York and Rhode Island. Neither have Alaska or Hawaii, which became states in 1959. Because there are now 50 states in the Union, it cannot become law unless it is ratified by 38 states (an additional 10), although when it was submitted to the states 36 ratifications were enough.

If ever ratified by the required number of U.S. state legislatures, the Child Labor Amendment would give the Congress of the United States jurisdiction concurrent with that of the states to legislate on the subject of child labor. In this case, child labor laws would no longer only fall under the jurisdiction of the states under the 10th Amendment. The states would have to yield to federal law where the two conflict—which is normal procedure anyway. After several state legislatures initially objected to the proposal during the 1920s, a number of them re-examined their position during the 1930s and decided to ratify. Those delayed actions resulted in much controversy. They also resulted in the 1939 decision of the United States Supreme Court in the landmark case of "Coleman v. Miller". In this case it was determined that the Child Labor Amendment remains pending business before the state legislatures because the 68th Congress did not specify a deadline within which the state legislatures must act upon the Child Labor Amendment. The "Coleman v. Miller" ruling formed the basis of the unusual and belated ratification of the 27th Amendment which was proposed by Congress in 1789 and ratified more than two centuries later in 1992 by the legislatures of at least three-fourths of the 50 states.

The common legal opinion of federal child labor regulation reversed in the 1930s. Congress passed the Fair Labor Standards Act in 1938 regulating the employment of those under 16 or 18 years of age. The Supreme Court ruled unanimously in favor of that law in "United States v. Darby Lumber Co." (1941), which overturned "Hammer v. Dagenhart" (one of the key decisions that had motivated those in favor of the Child Labor Amendment). After this shift, the amendment has been described as "moot" and effectively part of the Constitution; the movement for it had concluded.


National Central Library (Florence)

The National Central Library in Florence is one of Italy's two national libraries. It is the largest library in the country. A copy of every book published in Italy has to be sent there.


District of Columbia Voting Rights Amendment

The District of Columbia Voting Rights Amendment was a proposed amendment to the United States Constitution that would have given the District of Columbia full representation in the United States Congress, full representation in the Electoral college system, and full participation in how the Constitution is amended. It was proposed by Congress on August 22, 1978. It was ratified by only 16 states by the time it expired on August 22, 1985. It was 22 ratifications short of the needed 38 in order for the proposed amendment to have been adopted.

Representative Don Edwards of California proposed House Joint Resolution 554 in the 95th Congress. The United States House of Representatives passed it on March 2, 1978, by a 289–127 vote, with 18 not voting. The United States Senate passed it on August 22, 1978, by a 67–32 vote, with 1 not voting. With that, the District of Columbia Voting Rights Amendment was submitted to the state legislatures for ratification. The Congress included in the text of the proposed amendment that included the requirement that ratification by three-fourths (38) of the states be completed within seven years following its passage by the Congress (i.e., August 22, 1985) in order for the proposed amendment to become part of the Constitution. By placing the ratification deadline in the text of the proposed amendment, the deadline could not be extended, as had been done regarding the Equal Rights Amendment.

Ratification by the legislatures of at least 38 of the 50 states by August 22, 1985 was necessary for the District of Columbia Voting Rights Amendment to become a part of the Constitution. During the seven-year period specified by Congress it was ratified by only 16 states and so failed to be adopted. The amendment was ratified by the following states:


If it had been adopted, this amendment would have given Washington, D.C. full representation in both houses of the Congress. It would have repealed the Twenty-third Amendment. The Twenty-third Amendment does not allow Washington, D.C. to have more electoral votes "than the least populous State," nor does it grant Washington, D.C. any role in the election of a President by the House of Representatives (or that of the Vice President by the Senate). This would have provided Washington, D.C. full participation in the Electoral College. It would have also allowed the Council of the District of Columbia, the Congress, or the people of Washington D.C. (depending on how this proposed amendment would have been interpreted) to decide whether to ratify any proposed amendment to the Constitution, or to apply to the Congress for a convention to propose amendments to the United States Constitution, just as a state's legislature can according to the Constitutional amendment process. The amendment would not have made Washington, D.C. a state, nor affected Congress's authority over it.

Belaid Abdessalam

Belaid Abdessalam () (20 July 1928 – 27 June 2020) was an Algerian politician. He served as Prime Minister of Algeria. He served as minister from 8 July 1992 until he resigned in 21 August 1993.

Abdessalam was born in Dehemcha, near Sétif, Algeria on 20 July 1928. He died on 27 June 2020, aged 91.

Marcy Kaptur

Marcia Carolyn "Marcy" Kaptur (born June 17, 1946) is an American politician. He is the U.S. Representative representing Ohio. She has served since 1983. She is a member of the Democratic Party. 

Kaptur endorsed Bernie Sanders for Democratic nomination in 2016.


Federalism in the United States

Federalism in the United States is the relationship between the state governments and the federal government. This relationship is set out in the United States Constitution. The Constitution says which powers the federal government has, and which powers belong to the states. The goal of federalism is to create a balance of power, so neither the states or the federal government can get too powerful.

When America was a colony of the British Empire, it was ruled by the government of King George III. Many American colonists thought this government was corrupt and did not care about the colonists' rights.

The Founding Fathers of the United States started to believe in an idea they called republicanism. This idea said that the people in a country should be able to choose their government. It said that the government's job was to protect people's natural rights, and if the government did not do this, the people had the right to overthrow it. By 1775, these ideas were common in colonial America.

In the 1760s and 1770s, the British government began passing laws that forced the colonists to pay taxes on items like printed materials and things that were made outside the colonies. To many Americans, these were examples of corruption and unfairness in the government. The government was making them pay taxes, but the colonists had no say in what tax laws were passed, or even what their money was spent on.

In 1775, the American Revolutionary War began. The next year, the colonies passed the United States Declaration of Independence, making them the new country of the United States. By 1783, thanks to help from France, Spain, and some Native American tribes, the United States won the war and its independence from the British Empire.

However, British rule had made most Americans distrust federal governments. Many Americans did not like the thought that people far away from them could make rules about their lives, like the British government had. They saw government as the biggest threat to their freedom. Because of this, the United States' first constitution, the Articles of Confederation, gave most of the power to the states. The Articles created a federal government, but gave it very little power. For example, the Articles allowed the Continental Congress to sign treaties and declare war, but it could not raise taxes to pay for an army. Also, all major decisions required all of the state governments to agree. This made it very difficult for the federal government to get anything done.

The Founding Fathers and regular Americans began to see that the Confederation government was not working well. Some of the Founding Fathers began to suggest federalism as a solution to the problems with the Articles of Confederation.

Many more Americans began to support federalism after Shays' Rebellion of 1786-1787. Shays' Rebellion started out as a protest by poor farmers in western Massachusetts, and ended up as an armed rebellion. Neither the federal government or the state government had enough soldiers or money to pay for an army that could stop the rebellion. Merchants in Massachusetts had to pay for a private army to stop the rebellion. Also, during the Rebellion, Massachusetts' state government took away people's right to habeas corpus (so they could keep people in jail without a trial) and their right to say bad things about the government. Many Americans began to realize that under the Articles of Confederation, their government was unable to protect them or their rights. This was not the republican government they had fought for.

In 1787, fifty-five delegates met at the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia. There, they created ideas about a new type of government, called federalism. In this type of government, they decided:

The delegates at the Constitutional Convention wrote a new Constitution. The last part of the Constitution, Article 7, said that nine states would have to ratify (approve) the Constitution for it to go into effect. The Federalist movement started working to get the Constitution ratified.

Some of the Founding Fathers argued strongly for federalism, especially James Madison, Alexander Hamilton, and John Jay. They created the strongest defense of the new Constitution in a book called "The Federalist" Papers. This was a collection of 85 essays supporting federalism. Its goal was to convince people to vote to ratify the Constitution. Although they were published anonymously at the time (with nobody's real names listed), the essays were written by Madison, Hamilton, and Jay. The essays explained the new Constitution and all the protections in it. It answered many of the arguments against federalism, and explained how the Constitution would help protect people's rights. For example, in "Federalist No. 10," James Madison wrote that federalism would help protect the republican values most Americans supported, like the importance of personal freedoms.

People who did not support the new Constitution were called "Anti-Federalists". The Anti-Federalists included Founding Fathers like Patrick Henry and George Mason. They worried that under the new Constitution, the federal government was too strong, and had too much power over the states. They wanted the states to have more power. They also did not like the fact that the Constitution had no bill of rights. Without a bill of rights, they worried that the federal government would take their rights away.

After the Federalists promised to add a bill of rights to the Constitution after it was ratified, and after George Washington said he supported the new Constitution, the states ratified the Constitution.

The new Constitution took effect on March 4, 1789. That same year, Congress wrote and proposed twelve amendments to the Constitution. Three-fourths of the states would have to ratify these amendments in order to add them to the Constitution. The states ratified ten amendments on December 15, 1791. Together, they became the Bill of Rights. The Tenth Amendment set the guidelines for federalism in the United States. It said that any powers that the Constitution did not give to the federal government belonged to the states. This was meant to calm people's worries that the federal government would try to take more and more power from the states.

Roger Agnelli

Roger Agnelli (May 3, 1959 – March 19, 2016) was a Brazilian entrepreneur, banker, and corporate leader. He ran one of the largest mining companies in the world, Vale SA. In 2013, he was voted by Harvard Business Review as the world’s fourth best-performing chief executive officer behind Apple Inc. CEO Steve Jobs, Jeff Bezos of Amazon.com and Yun Jong-Yong of Samsung.

On March 19, 2016, he was killed, along with his wife, son, and daughter (and three others) when their plane crashed in São Paulo, Brazil. He was aged 56.


Dušan Čkrebić

Dušan Čkrebić (7 August 1927 – 7 April 2022) was a Serbian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Serbia. He served as minister from 5 May 1984 through 5 May 1986. He was a member of the League of Communists of Yugoslavia.

Čkrebić was born in Niš, Serbia. He died on 7 April 2022 in Belgrade, Serbia at the age of 94.


Niš

Niš is the city of southern Serbia. It is the third-largest city in Serbia (after Belgrade and Novi Sad). 

It is the administrative center of the Nišava District. According to the 2011 census, the city has population of 183,164. The city center has 187,544 people living there and the administrative area has a population of 260,237.


Sikiru Adesina

Sikiru Adesina (born 1971, died February 8, 2016), popularly known as Arakangudu, was a Nigerian movie actor, director and producer. He was best known for playing roles as either an herbalist, armed robber or occultist in movies. On February 8, 2016, he died at his residence in Kaduna, Northern Nigeria.


United States Reports

United States Reports are the official record of all the cases that the United States Supreme Court has heard. 

The United States Reports include many types of information, like:

In the United States, when lawyers want to talk or write about a Supreme Court decision, they cite the "United States Reports". For example, the case "Brown, et al., v. Board of Education of Topeka, Kansas", is cited this way:

This tells the lawyer that the decision of the Court in the case entitled "Brown v. Board of Education" (as properly abbreviated), decided in 1954, can be found in volume 347 of the United States Reports, starting on page 483.

Joseph Mercieca

Joseph Mercieca (, 11 November 1928 – 21 March 2016) was a Maltese prelate. He served as Archbishop of Malta from 1976 to 2006. He was born in Gozo, Malta. He was known for restoring stability in the Maltese church following his predecessor Mikiel Gonzi's dispute with the Malta Labour Party.

Mercieca died in his home in Żejtun, Malta after a long-illness on 21 March 2016. He was aged 87.

Léonie Geisendorf

Léonie Geisendorf, née Kaplan (8 April 1914 – 18 March 2016), was a Polish-born Swedish architect. She lived and worked in Stockholm, Sweden most of her life. 

Geisendorf was born in Warsaw, Poland. She studied architecture at Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich. 

In 1938, after her internship, Geisendorf moved to Sweden and was hired by Sven Ivar Lind, KFAI and Paul Hedqvist. In 1950 Geisendorf and her husband, Charles Edouard started their own office in Stockholm. She was known for creating the S:t Göran high school. She turned 100 in April 2014. Geisendorf died in Paris, France at the age of 101.

Salmonidae

The Salmonidae is a family of ray-finned fish. They are the only living family in the order Salmoniformes. It includes salmon, trout, chars, graylings, and the subfamily known as the freshwater whitefish.

The Atlantic salmon and trout in the genus "Salmo" give the family and order their names.

Salmonids look rather primitive for teleost fish. Their pelvic fins are placed far back, with an adipose fin towards the rear of the back. They are slender fish, with rounded scales and forked tails. Their mouths contain a single row of sharp teeth. Although the smallest species is just long as an adult, most are much larger, with the largest reaching .

All salmonids spawn in fresh water. In many cases the fish spend most of their lives at sea, returning to the rivers only to reproduce. This a migratory lifecycle. They are predators, feeding on small crustaceans, aquatic insects, and smaller fish.



Robert J. Healey

Robert John "Bob" Healey, Jr. (May 3, 1957 – March 20, 2016) was an American attorney, businessman, educator, restaurateur, and political activist. He was the founder of Rhode Island's Cool Moose Party. It is the state's third-largest political party from 1994 until 2002. He has been a perennial candidate for statewide office. 

Healey has run for Governor or Lieutenant Governor a total of seven times. He ran as an independent candidate in 2010, he won 39% of the vote for Lieutenant Governor. He wanted to abolish the office. As the Moderate Party nominee for Governor in 2014, Healey won 22% of the vote while spending less than $40 on the campaign.

Healey was found dead in his bed at his home in Barrington, Rhode Island on March 20, 2016. He is believed to have died from a suspected heart attack in his sleep. He was aged 58.


Flag of California

The official flag of the state of California is known as the Bear Flag. An earlier version of the flag was first flown during the 1846 Bear Flag Revolt and was also known as the Bear Flag.

Korematsu v. United States

Korematsu v. United States , was a landmark United States Supreme Court. It concerned the constitutionality of military commanders, under an executive order by the President, which ordered Japanese Americans into internment camps during World War II. This was regardless of their citizenship. In February of 1942, President Franklin Roosevelt issued Executive Order No. 9066. This gave military commanders the power to evacuate all persons considered a threat to national security from the West Coast of the United States to relocation centers. Fred Korematsu, a Japanese-American who was born in the United States, refused to comply with the order. He became a fugitive, but was arrested and sentenced to five years probation. He appealed his conviction with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. After having his conviction upheld, the case was heard by the U.S. Supreme Court. In a 6-3 decision, the Court upheld his conviction and ruled the exclusion order was constitutional.

The question before the Court was did the President and Congress exceed their long powers. Did they violate the rights of Japanese and American citizens of Japanese descent?

In the majority opinion by Justice Hugo Black, the Court ruled 6-3 that the need to protect the country from 
espionage outweighed the rights of Mr. Korematsu. The issue of discrimination against a person due to prejudice against his ancestry is not a factor. Neither is there any question of his loyalty to the United States. The sole issue is his refusal to comply with a legal order during a time of war.

On May 19, 1942, during World War II, Japanese Americans were ordered to be move into relocation camps by Civilian Restrictive Order No. 1, 8 Fed. Reg. 982. This order, and other similar orders, were based upon Executive Order 9066 (February 19, 1942). Fred Korematsu was a Japanese-American man who decided to stay in San Leandro, California and knowingly violated Civilian Exclusion Order No. 34 of the U.S. Army. Korematsu argued that the Executive Order 9066 was unconstitutional and that it violated the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. He was arrested, tried and convicted. No question was raised as to Korematsu's loyalty to the United States. The Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the conviction, and the Supreme Court granted "certiorari."

The decision in "Korematsu v. United States" has been very controversial. Korematsu's conviction for evading internment was overturned in 1983. He received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1998 from President Bill Clinton.

Lunar mare

Mare (; plural: maria ) is the name for a great plain on the Moon. Several such maria exist. They were formed by ancient impacts and volcanic eruptions. Because of their high amount of iron, they reflect less light than the highlands of the Moon, causing them to appear dark to the naked eye. They are called sea Because ancient astronomers looked at the Moon and thought they saw seas and oceans, they named those dark areas maria, the Latin word for seas.  The maria cover about 16% of the surface of the Moon and most of them are on the side of the moon which is visible from Earth.

A lunar mare, Mare Tranquillitatis was the landing site for the first manned landing on the Moon on July 20, 1969, at 20:18 UTC. Apollo 11 landed at .

Aérospatiale SN-601 Corvette

The Aérospatiale SN-601 Corvette is a French twin-turbojet aircraft. It was the only one business jet built by Aérospatiale. It can carry two pilots and between 6 and 14 passengers.

Embraer Emb-202 Ipanema

The Embraer Emb-202 Ipanema is Brazilian civilian aircraft. It's used for crop dusting.

Cruzan v. Director, Missouri Department of Health

Cruzan v. Director, Missouri Department of Health, , was a United States Supreme Court case. It had to do with the right to die. Nancy Cruzan was a woman who was in a persistent vegetative state. Her family wanted to stop life support treatments so she could die. Hospital workers refused to do this without a court order. Eventually, the case made it to the Supreme Court. On June 25, 1990, the Court decided it was legal to require "clear and convincing evidence" that stopping life support is what a person would have wanted.

On January 11, 1983, Nancy Cruzan's car ran off the road. She landed 35 feet away, face-down in a ditch filled with water. When paramedics arrived, her heart had stopped and she was not breathing. The paramedics resuscitated her, but her brain was damaged by not having enough oxygen. The brain damage caused a persistent vegetative state. 

Doctors put a feeding tube into her stomach so food and water could be given through the tube. Without the feeding tube, Cruzan would die from starvation or dehydration, because she could not swallow anything.

In 1988, Cruzan's parents asked her doctors to stop feeding her through the feeding tube. They believed Nancy would not have wanted to live in a persistent vegetative state. She had recently told a friend that if she got badly injured or sick, she would not want to live unless she could live "at least halfway normally." Nancy's parents wanted her to be able to die. However, the hospital refused to take out the feeding tube without a court order.

The Cruzans asked a trial court to order the hospital to remove Nancy's feeding tube. The trial court agreed. 

The court said that a person has a "fundamental natural right" in the Constitution to have someone make the decision to remove life support "when the person has no more cognitive brain function ... and there is no hope of further recovery." The court said Nancy's conversation with her friend showed that she would not want to live in a persistent vegetative state.

The state of Missouri appealed this decision. The case went to the Supreme Court of Missouri, which reversed the trial court's decision. The Supreme Court of Missouri ruled that no one can refuse treatment for another person, unless:

The United States Supreme Court agreed to hear an appeal of the Missouri Supreme Court's decision. This was the first "right to die" case that the United States Supreme Court had ever heard. 

The Cruzan case divided the Supreme Court. Five of the Supreme Court Justices (judges) wrote their own opinions about the case. Four disagreed with the decision the Court made. However, the Court ruled, in a 5-4 vote, that the Supreme Court of Missouri made the right decision. They ruled that Missouri did not violate the Constitution when it required 'clear and convincing evidence' that Nancy would have wanted her life support to be ended.

The U.S. Supreme Court did rule that competent people (people who are able to make decisions for themselves) have the right to refuse medical treatment. They said the Constitution gives competent people this right in the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. 

However, it said things are different for people who are incompetent (people who cannot not make decisions for themselves for example, because they are in a persistent vegetative state). If another person wants to refuse treatment for someone who is incompetent, they have to show "clear and convincing proof" that refusing treatment is what the person would want.

 After the Supreme Court's decision, the Cruzans went back to the first trial court with new evidence. The court ruled that the Cruzans now had clear and convincing evidence that Nancy would have wanted her life support ended if she was in a persistent vegetative state. On December 14, 1990, Nancy's feeding tube was taken out. 

Protesters filed seven different petitions with the court to try to get Nancy's feeding tube put back in, but the court refused. Then, on December 18, nineteen people went into Nancy's hospital room and tried to reattach her feeding tube themselves; they were arrested. 

Nancy Cruzan died on December 26, 1990. She had been in a persistent vegetative state for eight years.

At Nancy's funeral, her father told reporters: "I would prefer to have my daughter back and let someone else be this trailblazer." Six years later, he killed himself.

The "Cruzan" case is one of the most important "right to die" cases in United States history. It set precedents that courts would follow in many cases in the future.

The case also made many Americans interested in writing living wills and other advance directives (documents that tell doctors and family members what they want in certain medical situations, if they cannot make decisions for themselves).


Adam Darski

Adam Nergal Darski (sometimes just called Nergal; born Adam Michał Darski; 10 June 1977 in Gdynia, Poland) is a Polish musician and celebrity who is best known for being in the black/death metal band Behemoth. He is the vocalist for Behemoth and plays the guitar, bass, synthesizer and drums.

Darski was born Adam Michał Darski in Gdynia, Poland. He was raised in Catholic and began to play the guitar at age eight. He likes to call himself Nergal (which comes from Babylonia mythology and is the god of plague and war). He founded the band Behemoth while he was just a teenager in 1991. Darski also is the main lyricist, composer and manager of the band. For a brief time, he called himself Holocausto, which was inspired by Beherit leader Nuclear Holocausto. He was a member of a band called Wolverine, which showed his skills at clean singing.

He was inspired by Norway's Black Circle, so he formed together with Blasphemous (from the band Veles) and Venom (from Xantotol) and called themselves the Temple of Infernal Fire. Later other bands joined and far-right politics were introduced, and the group renamed the Temple of Fullmoon. Darski didn't want to be involved with politics, so he distanced himself from the group. This led to some members of the group accusing him of betrayal. Some members even sent him death threats. He says that he is now in good terms with the members.

Darski has completed six years of history at the University of Gdańsk. He is qualified to be a museum curator.

In March 2010, Darski got in legal trouble and was faced with blasphemy charges after he publicly condemned religion and ripped a Bible up on stage in 2007. Darski claimed that he did it to enhance his live performance, and didn't mean to offend anyone. He also said that he believes freedom of speech should come before religion in Poland. Darski faced up to two years in prison for ripping up the Bible, but the charges were dropped on 28 June 2010.

In 2011, he became a judge on season one of The Voice of Poland.

In July 2012, Nergal became the newest spokesman for Demon Energy drinks that would be sold all throughout Poland. Nergal appeared in his full Behemoth attire on the front of four different flavors of the Demon Energy brand next to the brand's slogan of "No Limits, No Laws". Darski reportedly donated all of the money he earned for his placement to one of the world's best bone marrow donor centers.

In October 2012, he got into legal troubles again over the ripped up Bible incident in 2007. The Supreme Court said that Darski could be guilty of the crime of “offending religious feelings” even though he did not mean to. The case was returned to a lower court which found him guilty of “intentionally insulting the Holy Bible” but the case was dismissed because of to the statute of limitations.

Darski dated the famous Polish pop singer, Dorota Rabczewska, from mid-2009 to early 2011. They even engaged during those years, but on 17 March 2011, the media claimed that they had called off the engagement and broken up.

Since 2014, Darski has been the co-owner of a barbershop in Warsaw, Poland. In 2015 he opened a second barber shop in Warsaw and bar in Sopot.

Darski was rushed to the hospital on 8 August 2010 for unknown reasons. All upcoming Behemoth live shows were cancelled. On 24 August 2010, Darski was diagnosed with leukemia. The illness was thought to have advanced far enough to make chemotherapy useless, but these reports have since been proven false. His then-fiancée offered to donate her marrow, but his marrow didn't match. On 8 November 2010, Darski found a genetic bone marrow match, and he then underwent treatment to receive a bone marrow transplant. He was let out of the hospital on 16 January 2011.

Karaite

The words Karaite and Qaraite are very confusing and can be used about a few different things: 

1) There are some groups of people (whose ancestors came from Central Asia) who have been called Karaite people and the languages of some of these groups of people have also been called Karaite languages. Their ancestors were a type of Christian from the Church of the East sometimes also called Keraites. Many Karaite people say that the word Karaite means "black" in the Turco-Mongol language of their ancestors. That is a traditional Central Asian way to say they were originally from the Northern Turkic tribes. 

2) There are also Qaraite people who are mainly Turkic and related to the Karaite people but the Qaraite people mainly converted to Islam. Most people say their name also means "black" but some of these Qaraite people themselves say their name actually comes from an Arabic word for someone good at reading the Quran.

3) There is also a type of Judaism commonly called Karaite Judaism. More accurately it should be spelled in English with a Q not a K, so it should be Qaraite, but Karaite is a more common spelling. In Judaism the word Karaite comes from a Hebrew word meaning "to call out". This Jewish word has a completely different origin from the name used by the Karaite people and Qaraite people. Both words look the same by accident only in English. People who practice Karaite Judaism are called Karaite Jews. In Judaism the term Karaite Language refers to Hebrew. 

4) Some Russian Christians -including some of the western groups of the Karaite people- took many ideas from Karaite Judaism but they did not completely give up on Jesus. They became Russian Sabbatarians. They are also called Russian Karaites and Karaite Sabbatarians but there is a big argument about why they are called Karaite. Is it because of their religion? Or is it because some of them descended from the Karaite people or Qaraite people? It seems impossible to know.
Valproate

Valproate (VPA) is a drug. It has different forms, such as valproic acid, sodium valproate and valproate semisodium. It is mostly used to treat epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used to stop migraines. It is useful to stop some types of seizures. It can be given intravenously or by mouth.

Common side effects of this medication are sleepiness, dry mouth, weakness, vomiting and nausea. Serious side effects can include liver problems, pancreatitis and an increased suicide risk. Valproate is known to cause birth defects and miscarriages in pregnant women who use the medicine, so it is not recommended for women who are pregnant or able to become pregnant to take Valproate.

Too much valproic acid can result in wanting to sleep, shaking, near unconsciousness, less breathing, coma, metabolic acidosis, and death. Normal amounts of valproic acid levels in blood plasma are from 20–100 milligrams per liter. 150–1500 milligrams of valproic acid per liter of blood plasma is very dangerous.

Branded products include:





All the above formulations are Pharmac-subsidised.









In much of Europe, Dépakine and Depakine Chrono (tablets) are equivalent to Epilim and Epilim Chrono above.





Somnolence

Somnolence (also sleepiness or drowsiness) is a strong desire for sleep. It is also sleeping for unusually long periods. It can refer to the usual state before falling asleep. It can be accompanied by lethargy, weakness and difficulty thinking.

Sleepiness can be dangerous when performing tasks that require constant concentration, such as driving a vehicle.

2016 Brussels bombings

On 22 March 2016, three large explosions happened in the Belgian capital Brussels. Two bombs exploded at Brussels Zaventem Airport and one exploded at Maalbeek metro station. According to the Belgian Health Ministry, at least 31 people were killed and over 250 injured. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) has publicly claimed responsibility for the attack. There are three suspects. Two were suicide bombers and Belgian police are currently searching for the third one.

Belgium took part in the war against ISIL in Iraq. About 500 foreign fighters in Syria and Iraq are Belgians. The fighters mostly come from immigrant families.

Belgium suffered previous attacks. In May 2014, an Islamist gunman attacked the Jewish Museum of Belgium in Brussels, killing four people. In January 2015, Security men stopped a group maybe planned a second "Charlie Hebdo" shooting. The operation resulted in the deaths of two members of the group. In August 2015, a man shot and stabbed people on a train in Brussels, before being stopped by passengers.

The attackers that were part of the November 2015 Paris attacks were based in Molenbeek, and the city of Brussels was closed for five days to search for people. On 18 March 2016, Salah Abdeslam, who possibly was part of the Paris attacks, was caught, and at least one other suspect is still free.

Two explosions took place in the airport's departure hall.

At least 31 people were killed and more than 230 others were injured. Three Americans, Mormon missionaries, were seriously injured, as well as a member of the U.S. military and his family. The U.S. Embassy in Brussels asked U.S. citizens not to use buses and subways.

Two men used bombs to kill themselves and other people at Brussels Airport. The police is looking for a third man seen with them in CCTV photo from the airport. ISIL said it was behind the attack.

Hours after the attacks, police went into a home in Schaerbeek, north of Brussels, where they found a nail bomb, chemicals, and an ISIL flag. One man was arrested, but then released.
Belgian authorities said two brothers, Khalid and Ibrahim el-Bakraoui, both Belgians with criminal records — were among the three suicide bombers who attacked the Brussels metro and airport.The brothers are believed to have links to last year’s Paris attacks, and to Salah Abdeslam. There third man who appeared on the cameras is still free after he ran away when his bomb didn't explode.

After the attacks in Brussels, European leaders said terror will not scare them. In Belgium, officials declared three days of national mourning. Belgian Prime Minister said that Charles Michel sent a message to the people behind the attacks, saying, "to those who have chosen to be barbarous enemies of freedom, democracy and fundamental values ... we remain united as one."

In its message claiming responsibility, ISIS noted in a twitter post that "What will be coming is worse."

People shared cartoons and showed sadness in black, yellow and red, the colors of the Belgian flag. Others put messages of solidarity with #JeSuisBruxelles, or "I am Brussels," an ode to a similar outpouring with #JeSuisCharlie after the Charlie Hebdo attack in January 2015. Some people invited tourists stuck after the airport was shut into their homes using #OpenHouse.

French cartoonist Jean Plantureux, who goes by Plantu, drew an emotional cartoon for French newspaper Le Monde. A crying person wrapped in a French flag hugs a crying person with a Belgian flag, suggesting solidarity between the two countries.
People in Brussels and elsewhere brought flowers and lit candles to show how sad they are after the attacks.

Vacco v. Quill

Vacco v. Quill, , was a landmark court decision about the right to die. New York had made physician-assisted suicide illegal. A group of doctors challenged this law. The case went all the way to the Supreme Court of the United States. In 1997, the Supreme Court decided that New York's law against physician-assisted suicide was constitutional and legal. They ruled that the Constitution of the United States does not guarantee the "right to die."

The state of New York had made physician-assisted suicide illegal. This law made it a crime for a doctor to give a patient medications that would kill them. It also made it illegal for a doctor to do anything else that would end a patient's life. These things were crimes even if the patient was terminally ill, wanted to die, and was competent (able to make decisions).

A group of doctors filed a lawsuit in federal court. They argued that this law was unconstitutional. They said the law violated the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution. The Equal Protection Clause says that every state must give everyone "the equal protection of the laws." The doctors argued that because of the law against physician-assisted suicide, terminally ill people did not have equal rights under the law. They pointed out that terminally ill patients could refuse treatment, which would lead to their death. However, these same patients did not have the right to give a doctor permission to end their lives. Basically, they were arguing that refusing treatment in order to cause death, and asking a doctor to help cause death, were the same thing.

First, the case went to the United States District Court. This court ruled that New York's law was constitutional. It said that the state of New York had a good reason to care about keeping its citizens alive and protecting people who might need protection.

Next, the case was appealed to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. It reversed the District Court's opinion. The Court of Appeals said that the law did not treat all competent patients equally when they wanted to end their lives. For example, if a patient were attached to a life support machine, like a ventilator, they had the right to have a doctor disconnect it. This would cause their death. However, a person in the same situation, on a life support machine, could not ask a doctor to give them medications to cause their death instead. The Court agreed that asking doctors to remove life support devices (which was legal) was the same as physician-assisted euthanasia (which was not legal). They ruled that this was not equal treatment, and that New York's law against physician-assisted suicide was unconstitutional under the Equal Protection Clause.

The case was appealed to the United States Supreme Court. On June 26, 1997, the Supreme Court voted 9-0 that New York's law was legal and constitutional. Chief Justice William Rehnquist wrote the majority opinion, but five other Justices wrote separate concurring opinions.

As legal scholar Susan Stefan writes: "Justice Rehnquist's short, curt opinion reversing "Quill" is almost angry." Rehnquist writes that assisted suicide is completely different from allowing a patient to refuse treatment. The difference is that with assisted suicide, the doctor means to cause the patient's death. When the doctor gives the patient medication that will kill them, they are "causing" the patient's death. When a doctor lets a patient refuse treatment, they are letting the patient's "disease" cause their death.

The Court also wrote that there is no "fundamental" right to die in the Constitution. Because of this, laws that make physician-assisted suicide illegal do not violate terminally ill people's Constitutional rights. The Court added that the law allowed everyone to refuse treatment, and banned everyone from assisting suicide. This was equal treatment, and did not violate the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, the decision said.

Finally, the Court said that the state of New York had "a legitimate interest" (good, valid reasons) in banning physician-assisted suicide. They said the ban would help the state prevent euthanasia, protect doctors' medical ethics, and protect terminally ill people who might feel pressured to end their lives. Most importantly, they said, New York's ban helped protect human life. The right to life (however long it may last) is an "unalienable right" (a natural right) guaranteed by the Constitution. The right to death, the Court said, is not.


Sawi language (Dardic)

Sawi, Savi, or Sauji, is a Dardic language spoken in parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan. There are estimated to be about 4,000 - 9,000 speakers of this language worldwide.

Cruel and unusual punishment

Cruel and unusual punishment is punishment that causes severe suffering, pain, or humiliation. Many countries have laws against cruel and unusual punishment. There are also international laws and treaties against this type of punishment.

For most of recorded history, the death penalty was often painful on purpose. Severe historical punishments included being burned or boiled to death; cut or torn apart; crushed by stones; sawed in half; crucified; and many other extremely painful methods of execution. Punishments that were not meant to cause death were also often painful on purpose.

The exact words "cruel and unusual punishment" were first used in the English Bill of Rights 1689. In 1791, the Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution made "cruel and unusual punishment" illegal in the United States. Seven years later, the British Leeward Islands used the same words in their Slavery Amelioration Act. 

Here are some examples of other laws that include protections against cruel and unusual punishment.

The Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution says that "cruel and unusual punishments [shall not be] inflicted." However, the Constitution does not define exactly what cruel and unusual punishments are.

In a case called "Furman v. Georgia" (), the Supreme Court of the United States decided what questions they would use to figure out whether a punishment was cruel and unusual. Justice William Brennan wrote the opinion in the case. He made four rules about punishments:

In this decision, the Supreme Court set a precedent that if a punishment broke any of these four rules, it would be viewed as "cruel and unusual," and would be illegal under the Constitution.

Early Norwegian black metal scene

The early Norwegian black metal scene was a black metal music scene and subculture in Norway during the early 1990s. It is said to have created the modern black metal genre and produced many influential artists.

The scene drew a lot of media attention after some members were responsible for two murders and lots of church burnings in Norway. The scene had an ideology that some people say was like a cult. They had anti-Christian and misanthropic views. Some were actual Satanists who wanted to spread terror, hatred and evil. The core members called themselves "The Black Circle" or "Black Metal Inner Circle". It was made up of mainly young men who gathered around the record shop Helvete ("Hell") in Oslo. They liked to wear corpse paint. The scene was exclusive, and most bands wanted to remain underground and out of reach to the mainstream.

In August 1993 and May 1994, many members of the scene were arrested for arson, murder, assault and possession of explosives.

During the 1980s, bands were called "black metal" if they had Satanic lyrics. These bands usually only used these lyrics for "shock value." During 1990–1992, a lot of bands who were influenced by those bands, began playing a new type of black metal. The rise of popularity during this time was called the "second wave of black metal".

History of racial segregation in the United States

Racial segregation means separating people because of their races. In the United States, racial segregation has existed since before the United States was its own country. Slavery, racist laws, racist attitudes, and many other things caused the United States to segregate white and non-white people for century. Although segregation is now against the law, racist attitudes still remain, and new forms of segregation have formed over time.

The first African slaves were brought to America in 1619. This was just nine years after British settlers created the first permanent settlements in America, at Jamestown, Virginia.

People in all thirteen American colonies used slaves. Many of the Founding Fathers of the United States owned slaves, including George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, John Hancock, James Madison, Patrick Henry, and John Jay.

Abolitionists started trying to make slavery illegal in the mid-1700s. By 1804, all of the northern states had ended slavery. However, none of the Southern states had. The Southern states believed that slavery was their right, and they did not want to give it up. Cotton had become a very important crop in the South. Owners of large cotton plantations were used to having slaves to do work for free, which made the plantation owners richer because they did not have to pay anybody to work.

Eventually, the South tried to leave the United States. This caused the American Civil War. The North won, and in 1865, the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution made slavery illegal everywhere in the country. In 1868 and 1870, the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments gave African-Americans citizenship, and gave them the right to vote.

Losing the Civil War did not change people's ideas about African-American people. During slavery, slave owners had not seen slaves as humans. They saw them as property, things to buy and sell, like animals you would use on a farm. After the War, many white people still did not see African-Americans as equal to whites.

Starting in 1890, the all-white legislatures in the Southern states began to pass state laws that required segregation. These racist laws became known as Jim Crow laws. For example, blacks could not:

In 1896, in a case called "Plessy v. Ferguson", the Supreme Court ruled that these laws were legal. They said that segregation was fine, as long as things were "separate but equal." In the South, everything was separate. However, places like black schools and libraries got much less money and were not as good as places for whites. Things were separate, but not equal.

Segregation kept African-Americans from having the basic rights that the Founding Fathers had written into the Constitution of the United States. Law-makers, government officials, voting officials, and police officers were all white. This prevented African-Americans from having any say in their government; being able to get the same voting rights as white people; having police officers protect them; or being able to get justice for crimes against them. Because they could not count on all-white police forces to protect them, violence against African-Americans, especially lynchings, increased. Because African-Americans could not vote, they also could not serve on juries. This meant that if a black person was ever on trial for a crime, the jury would be all-white.

Problems were worst in the South. However, African-Americans went through different kinds of segregation in other places.

Across the United States, segregation in housing was a problem. Many African-Americans could not get mortgages to buy houses. Realtors would not sell black people houses in the suburbs, where white people lived. They also would not rent apartments in white areas. Until the 1950s, the federal government did nothing about this.

When he was elected in 1913, President Woodrow Wilson made government offices segregated. He believed that segregation was best for everyone.

Black people fought in both World War I and World War II. However, the military was segregated; black officers even had to enter some military bases through separate entrances from white officers. Black soldiers also were not given the same opportunities as white soldiers. Finally, in 1948, President Harry Truman de-segregated the military.

African Americans tried to fight back against discrimination in many ways. Mostly, they tried to use the courts to get justice. For example, in 1909, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) was created. Its goal was to end race discrimination through lawsuits, education, and lobbying.

However, eventually, many African Americans became frustrated and began to dislike the idea of using slow, legal strategies to achieve desegregation. Instead, African American activists decided to use a combination of protests, nonviolence, and civil disobedience. This is how the Civil Rights Movement of 1954-1968 began.

From about 1954 to 1968, many African-American people and white allies fought to end racial segregation. The movement depended on non-violent protests, sit-ins, marches, civil disobedience, and lawsuits. Its victories included:

These victories were not easy. Protesters were often threatened and attacked. Leaders' homes were bombed. In Birmingham, the police attacked protesters, including children, with police dogs and fire hoses, then took them to jail. In other cities, police beat protesters with clubs and fired into student protests. Three of the movement's leaders Martin Luther King, Jr., Malcolm X, and Medgar Evers were murdered.

Nobody knows exactly how many people were killed during the Civil Rights Movement. However, at least 37 people were murdered, either because they were doing civil rights work, or because racist white groups like the Ku Klux Klan and the White Citizens' Council wanted to terrorize black people. Twelve of these people were children or teenagers when they were murdered.

Eventually, the Movement was successful in removing the laws that allowed segregation. However, attitudes are harder to change, and racism still exists in the United States.

In the early 1800s, the United States was growing farther into the South. White Americans wanted more land to plant cotton. However, many different Native American tribes lived in the lands the United States wanted to take over.

Andrew Jackson was a big supporter of "Indian removal" convincing or forcing Native Americans to leave the South and move west, outside of the United States. First as a Major General in the United States Army, and then as President, he led the United States' "Indian removal" program.

The program started in 1814, when Jackson led a group of soldiers who defeated the Creek Indians. He forced them to sign a treaty giving up over 20 million acres of their land to the United States. Over the next ten years, Jackson got nine other tribes to sign treaties giving up their land.

In 1829, Jackson became President. That same year, gold was found in Georgia, which caused a gold rush. This only made white people in the United States want control of the South even more. In 1830, Jackson passed the Indian Removal Act of 1830. This law said Jackson could give land west of the Mississippi River to Indian tribes if they agreed to give up their lands in the South. The law promised the tribes that they could live on their new lands forever, and be protected by the United States government. By the time his presidency ended in 1837, Jackson had gotten Native Americans to sign almost 70 treaties giving up their land. Almost 50,000 Native Americans moved to "Indian Territory" west of the Mississippi River. However, the government already had a plan to force them into a smaller area, in what is now eastern Oklahoma.

The Cherokee Nation refused to leave their lands. They even got the United States Supreme Court to rule that they were sovereign and did not have to follow the laws of the United States. Jackson simply ignored this ruling. In 1835, he got a small group of Cherokee to sign a treaty agreeing to leave their lands. The rest of the Cherokee Nation tried to keep their lands. However, in 1838, the United States Army and the Georgia militia forced them to leave their lands. On what is known as the "Trail of Tears," about 15,000 Cherokee were forced to walk over 2,000 miles to Oklahoma. About 4,000 died along the way.

By the 1840s, except for a few Seminole Indians living in Florida, there were no Native Americans left in the American South.

In 1851, the United States Congress passed a law that created Indian reservations in Oklahoma. White settlers had already begun to move into the lands the Native Americans had been forced to move to. This was causing conflicts between whites and Native Americans. The goal of the reservations was to segregate the Native Americans from white settlers.

In 1868, President Ulysses S. Grant decided to create more reservations, and force Native American tribes that lived in the west to move to them. Along with segregating the Native Americans and clearing their land for white use, Grant planned to have church officials run the reservations so they could teach Christianity to the tribes.

Many tribes refused to leave their lands, and were forced onto reservations by the United States Army. If Native Americans left their reservations, the Army went after them to try to force them back onto the reservations. This led to massacres of Native Americans, and some wars.

In 1887, Congress passed the Dawes Act. This law stopped giving land to whole tribes, and broke up the land into small pieces for individual families to use for farming. Indians who took the land, started living alone instead of with their tribes, and started farming were viewed as "civilized," and they were made United States citizens. Indians who refused to segregate themselves even more on small pieces of land were not allowed to be citizens. Whatever land was left was sold to white settlers, which made the reservations even smaller.

It was not until 1975 that the Supreme Court ruled that tribes are sovereign over tribal lands and members of the tribe.

As of 2015, all of the Indian reservations in the United States, together, make up 87,800 square miles an area about the size of Idaho. However, Native Americans are now allowed to live or work anywhere they want to, and as of 2016, more than half have left the reservations.

On December 7, 1941, Japan attacked Pearl Harbor in Hawaii and declared war on the United States. This caused the United States to enter World War II and start fighting Japan, as well as Nazi Germany and Italy.

In February 1942, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed an order that allowed the military to force people to leave the West Coast. However, Japanese-Americans were the only people on the West Coast who were forced to leave. They were given 48 hours to leave their homes for internment camps. These were camps where Japanese-Americans were kept separate from everybody else. The camps were surrounded by barbed wire and guarded by soldiers with guns.

The United States government forced over 110,000 Japanese-American people into internment camps. (This was over 80% of the Japanese-American people who lived in the continental United States at the time.) More than three out of every five of these people were born in the United States, and were United States citizens. About half were children.

Because the United States was fighting Nazi Germany and Italy as well as Japan, some German-Americans and Italian-Americans were forced into internment camps too. So were some Jewish refugees from Nazi Germany. However, none of this was as common as it was with Japanese-Americans.

In 1945, the year World War II ended, the United States let people out of the camps. However, many of the people who were interned had lost everything they had. In 1988, the United States government finally apologized and said that there was no reason for the internment other than racism.


Norris Bradbury

Norris Edwin Bradbury (30 May 1909 – 20 August 1997), was an American physicist. He served as Director of the Los Alamos National Laboratory for 25 years from 1945 to 1970. He replaced Robert Oppenheimer. Bradbury worked with Oppenheimer on the Manhattan Project during World War II. Bradbury was in charge of the final assembly of "the Gadget", detonated in July 1945 for the Trinity test.


Leon Charney

Leon Charney (1938 – 22 March 2016) was an American real estate tycoon, author, philanthropist, political pundit, media personality and Jewish cantor. He lived in Manhattan in New York City. In March 2012, "Forbes" listed Charney as #353 among the wealthiest Americans.

In 1979, Charney played an important role as the unofficial adviser to former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, most well known for his behind-the-scenes role in the Camp David Accords which created the first comprehensive peace between Israel and Egypt in 1978 and 1979.

Charney died on March 21, 2016 at the age of 77.


Jack Mansell

Jack Mansell (22 August 1927 – 19 March 2016) was a British professional footballer. He made 274 appearances in the Football League as a fullback for Brighton & Hove Albion, Cardiff City and Portsmouth. 

After retiring as a player he joined the coaching staff at Sheffield Wednesday. He coached many clubs with his longest spell being at Reading and had experience overseas with the likes of Blauw-Wit Amsterdam, Boston Beacons and the Israel national football team. In 1982, Mansell was chosen to train Maccabi Haifa, after a year at the Israeli national team.

Mansell died on 19 March 2016 at the age of 88.


Sergey Lavrov

Sergey Viktorovich Lavrov (, ; born 21 March 1950) is a Russian diplomat. He has been the foreign minister of Russia since 2004. From 1994 to 2004, Lavrov was a Soviet diplomat, and the Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations.

Rita Gam

Rita Gam (April 2, 1927March 22, 2016) was an American and television actress and documentary filmmaker. She was nominated for a Golden Globe and won the Silver Bear for Best Actress. She was known for her roles in "The Thief" and "King of Kings". She was also known for being Sidney Lumet's first wife.

Gam shared the Silver Bear for Best Actress award with Viveca Lindfors at the 1962 Berlin Film Festival, for their performances in Tad Danielewski's "No Exit".

Gam died on March 22, 2016 at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California from respiratory failure, aged 88.


Loratadine

Loratadine (also known as Claritin) is a drug used to treat hay fever, urticaria and skin allergies. It is closely related to tryciclic antidepressants. It is distantly related to quetiapine.

Loratadine was discovered in 1981. It was first sold in 1993.

Allergic rhinitis

Allergic rhinitis (also known as hay fever or pollinosis) is a type of inflammation in the nose. It occurs when the immune system overreacts to allergens in the air. Symptoms include sneezing, red, itchy and watery eyes, and swelling around the eyes. 

Allergens that often cause hay fever include pollen, pet hair and mold.

Hay fever is most common between ages twenty and forty.

Ethan Carter III

Michael Hutter (born March 18, 1983) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the Raw brand under the ring name EC3. He is perhaps best known for his stint in Impact Wrestling, where he won the TNA World Heavyweight Championship three times.


Paolo Guerrero

José Paolo Guerrero Gonzales (born 1 January 1984 in Lima, Peru) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a striker for Brazilian club Flamengo and the Peru national team.


Wildest Dreams (song)

"Wildest Dreams" is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was released on August 31, 2015. Swift co-write the song with its producers Max Martin and Shellback. It got generally positive reviews from music critics. 

The song hit #5 on the American "Billboard" Hot 100.

"Wildest Dreams" has been certified 2× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for sales and streams of over 2 million copies in the United States.

Hernandez v. Texas

Hernandez v. Texas, , was a landmark decision by the United States Supreme Court. In a unanimous ruling, the Court held that Mexican Americans and all other racial or national groups in the United States had equal protection under the 14th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. The ruling was written by Chief Justice Earl Warren. This was the first case in which Mexican-American lawyers had appeared before the US Supreme Court.

Pete Hernandez, a Mexican-American agricultural worker, was convicted for the 1950 murder of Joe Espinosa. Hernandez's "pro bono" legal team, including Gustavo C. García, wanted to challenge what they knew was "the systematic exclusion of persons of Mexican origin" from all types of jury duty in at least seventy counties in Texas. His defense lawyers argued that persons of Mexican descent had not been allowed to serve on juries even though numerous Mexican Americans were citizens and had qualified for jury duty in Jackson County. Even though 14 percent of the county was Hispanic, none had served on juries for at least the last 25 years. This meant Hernandez had been deprived of his Fourteenth Amendment rights. Hernandez and his lawyers appealed to the Supreme Court of Texas, then to the United States Supreme Court through a writ of certiorari.

The unanimous majority opinion was delivered by Chief Justice Earl Warren. The Court ruled the Fourteenth Amendment protects persons beyond the racial classes of white or black, and extends protection to other racial or national groups, as well as legal classes. Mexican Americans were such a "special class" and were entitled to equal protection under the Fourteenth Amendment.

Pete Hernandez was granted a new trial with a jury that included Mexican Americans. Hernandez was found to be guilty of murder. The ultimate effect of this ruling was that the protection of the 14th Amendment was ruled to cover any racial, national and ethnic groups of the United States for which discrimination could be proved. The Court's ruling served as a legal precedent used in legal challenges against unfair housing laws, school segregation, and voting rights of Mexican Americans nationwide.


Gideon v. Wainwright

Gideon v. Wainwright, , is a landmark case in United States Supreme Court history. The Court decided that if a person is charged with a crime, and they cannot pay for a lawyer, the state has to give them one for free. This case caused the public defender program to be created in the United States. (A public defender is a lawyer who defends clients who cannot pay them.)

Between midnight and 8:00 a.m. on June 3, 1961, someone broke into the Bay Harbor Pool Room in Panama City, Florida. The person broke a door, smashed a cigarette machine and a record player, and stole coins from a cash register. Later that day, a witness said he had seen Clarence Earl Gideon in the pool room at around 5:30 that morning. The witness said Gideon left with a wine bottle and money in his pockets. Based only on this information, the police arrested Gideon and charged him with breaking and entering with intent to commit petty larceny. This charge means a person broke into a place, meaning to steal someone else's property. (In Florida, at the time, "petty" larceny meant that the person stole something that was worth less than $50.) Under Florida law, if Gideon was found guilty, he could be put in prison for up to five years.

In 1961, state courts had to follow the Supreme Court's decision in "Betts v. Brady." In this case, the Court ruled that if a defendant was charged with a capital crime, he had to be assigned a lawyer if he could not pay for one. However, as long as the defendant was not charged with a capital crime, the states did not have to assign free lawyers to every defendant who could not afford them. The Court ruled that having a lawyer was not a basic right, and was not necessary for a fair trial.

In their decision, the Court did rule that there were special cases where a court should assign a lawyer. In these special cases, not having a lawyer would make it difficult for a defendant to get a fair trial. These "specialized circumstances" included things like a defendant not having education or not knowing the rules of the court.

What this meant was that in 1961, throughout the state of Florida, most defendants did not have lawyers. They had two choices: to plead guilty, or to defend themselves at trial. A Florida lawyer remembers that "[before] 1963, lawyers were likely to appear in Florida courtrooms only for the wealthy."

In a letter he wrote from prison, Gideon once wrote:

First, Gideon filed a writ of habeas corpus with the Florida State Supreme Court. This is a request to be set free from unfair imprisonment. The Florida Supreme Court summarily denied his request meaning they refused to even hold a court hearing or hear Gideon's arguments.

From his prison cell, using the prison library and writing in pencil on prison paper, Gideon then appealed to the United States Supreme Court. He asked the Supreme Court to review his case "because the 'due process clause' of the fourteenth admendment of the constitution and the fifth and sixth articales of the Bill of rights has been violated" "sic".

Gideon argued that he had been denied a lawyer, which violated his Sixth Amendment rights. In "Betts v. Brady", the Supreme Court had ruled that the Sixth Amendment did not apply to the states. However, Gideon argued that it did, because of the Fourteenth Amendment.

The Fourteenth Amendment says that no state can take away any person's "life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person ... the equal protection of the laws." Gideon argued that without assigning lawyers to poor defendants, the state of Florida was not giving those defendants due process or equal protection under the laws.

The Supreme Court agreed to hear Gideon's appeal. They had decided to think about whether "Betts v. Brady" should be "reconsidered" (re-thought).

The basic question the Supreme Court had to answer had to do with the Sixth Amendment. They had already decided that under the Sixth Amendment, everyone accused of a crime in "federal" court had the right to have a lawyer, even if they could not pay for one. Now they needed to decide whether the Sixth Amendment applied to the states like it did to the federal government. In other words, did every person accused of a crime in "state" court have the right to a lawyer?

The Supreme Court had assigned Gideon a well-known lawyer from Washington, D.C. named Abe Fortas. (In 1965, Fortas would become a United States Supreme Court Justice.)

Fortas argued that it was impossible for a person to get a fair trial without a lawyer. He argued that under the Fourteenth Amendment's "due process" requirement, the states had to give a person a fair trial before taking away their freedom. By denying Gideon a lawyer, the state of Florida denied him a fair trial and violated his right to due process under the Fourteenth Amendment.

A lawyer named Bruce Jacob argued the case against Gideon in front of the Supreme Court. He made a few different arguments.

Jacob argued that the Constitution allows states to make their own rules about the criminal procedure (how to run criminal trials). He talked about federalism the separation of powers between federal and state governments that is written into the Constitution. By making a rule saying the states always had to give poor defendants free lawyers, the federal government would be over-stepping its powers. The states would be unable to make their own rules, and this would take away a right the Constitution gave to the states.

Jacob also argued that a person does not need a lawyer to get a fair trial. He said that judges, and even prosecutors, help protect the rights of people who defend themselves in court.

In addition, Jacob said that if the Court ruled in favor of Gideon, the effects would be harmful. If the Court ruled that a lawyer was needed for a fair trial, then the state would also have to give poor defendants free lawyers for other types of trials, like appeals and civil trials. The state would never have enough lawyers for this or enough money to pay them, he said. Also, out of Florida's 8,000 prisoners, 65% 5,200 prisoners had not had lawyers. Jacob argued that many of these prisoners could go free if the Court ruled in favor of Gideon.

On March 18, 1963, the Supreme Court voted 9-0 that Gideon was right. His rights "had" been violated.

The Court ruled that the Sixth Amendment's right to a lawyer does apply to the states. It reasoned that without a lawyer, a person cannot get a fair trial. If a person does not get a fair trial, they are not getting the "due process of law" that the Fourteenth Amendment guarantees. In other words, because people have the right to due process, they have the right to a fair trial; and because they cannot get a fair trial without a lawyer, they also have the right to a lawyer.

The Court also said that its earlier decision in "Betts v. Brady" had been wrong. This ruling overturned the Supreme Court's earlier decision in "Betts v. Brady" (meaning the "Betts" decision was no longer valid). Justice Black (who had disagreed with the "Betts" decision when the Court made it) wrote:
The Supreme Court's ruling did not mean that Gideon could automatically go free. It meant he got a new trial this time, with a free lawyer assigned to him.

Gideon asked for a lawyer named Fred Turner, who had a very good reputation, and the judge agreed. With Turner arguing the case, it took jurors less than an hour to find Gideon not guilty. Gideon was set free that day.
Gideon died on January 18, 1972, from cancer and tuberculosis. He was buried in an unmarked grave in Missouri.

Almost thirteen years later, the American Civil Liberties Union paid for a headstone to be put on Gideon's grave. On the gravestone, there is a quote based on something Gideon wrote in a letter to Abe Fortas: "I believe that each era finds an improvement in law for the benefit of mankind."

Based on the Supreme Court decision, each of Florida's 5,200 prisoners who had been convicted without counsel had the right to a new trial this time with a lawyer. However, about 1,200 of these prisoners were set free without a new trial. This happened because witnesses in their cases had died or moved away, and the state of Florida did not have enough evidence to try them again.

The same year "Gideon" was decided, the Florida state legislature set up their public defender system. Throughout the 1960s, states that did not already have public defender systems created them.

When "Gideon" was decided, there were still 13 states that did not always give lawyers to poor criminal defendants. Like in Florida, many of these poor defendants did not get fair trials because they did not have a lawyer's help. After the "Gideon" decision, every person who is charged with a crime, in any court in the United States, has the right to a lawyer even if they cannot pay for one. Defendants can decide they do not want a lawyer, but when they do that, they are giving up their right to a lawyer because they want to.

Four years after "Gideon", in a case called "Burget v. Texas", the Supreme Court ruled that the "Gideon" decision applied "retroactively." This means it applies even to defendants who were convicted before "Gideon" was decided in 1963. In other words, the Court was admitting that defendants should have had the right to counsel all along, even before "Gideon". The Court decided in "Gideon" that people could not get a fair trial without lawyers; that was just as true for people who were convicted before 1963. These people, too, now deserved new trials, with free lawyers to help them.

The "Gideon" decision still guarantees free counsel to every poor individual charged with a crime in the United States. However, many legal scholars agree that there are many problems with the public defender system in the 21st century. Because of these problems, they argue, many poor defendants are not getting the rights the "Gideon" decision gave them.

According to these scholars, one of the biggest problems with today's public defender programs is that they do not get enough money from the government to deal with the number of poor defendants they have to represent. This means:

When public defenders cannot do their jobs well because they have too many cases, have too little experience, or are too overwhelmed, defendants get more severe punishments when they are convicted.

Radical Face

Radical Face is a musical act whose main member is Ben Cooper, who sings and plays multiple instruments. All the sounds are put together on a computer. Cooper is also in Electric President, an electronic music group. However, Radical Face has an acoustic sound.

Radical Face's music has been on television programmes and in the movie "Wish I Was Here".

Cooper's first album to be recorded under the name Radical Face was "The Junkyard Chandelier" (2003). The album was never released. However, it can be downloaded for free online. "Ghost" was the first official studio album, released in March 2007.

On November 16, 2010, Cooper released an EP titled "Touch The Sky". It was a preview for a trilogy of albums called "Family Tree". This trilogy is about a fictional family from the 1800s, the Northcotes. It is also really about Cooper's own life. The albums are "The Roots", "The Branches", and "The Leaves".

Another EP, "The Bastards: Volume One", was released before "The Roots". In August 2011, iTunes accidentally released "The Roots" to users outside of the US. It was released in the US on October 4, 2011.

"The Family Tree: The Branches" was released on October 22, 2013 in America and on November 1 in Europe. "The Bastards: Volume Two" was also released that year.

"The Bastards: Volume Three" and "The Bastards: Volume Four" were both released in 2015, before the release of "The Family Tree: The Leaves" in March 2016. "The Leaves" has songs that are about Cooper's own life.

"Clone", an album by Ben Cooper and Richard Colado, was supposed to be released before fall of 2012, but it kept getting delayed. The first track of the album, "The Laboratory", was finally released on September 23, 2014. Cooper then released one track per week.


2015–16 La Liga

The 2015–16 La Liga season (known as the "Liga BBVA" for sponsorship reasons) is the 85th since its establishment. Barcelona are the defending champions. The season started on 22 August 2015 and will conclude on 15 May 2016.


 <br> <br>



Test case (law)

In case law, a test case is a legal action whose purpose is to set a precedent. An example of a test case might be a person who files a lawsuit in order to see if the court considers a certain law or a certain legal precedent applies in certain circumstances. This is useful, for example, in order to later file similar lawsuits in similar circumstances. Sometimes, lawyers delay filing a lawsuit to wait and see how a test case is decided. Test cases are sometimes used to challenge a law to have it possibly overturned. Government agencies sometimes bring test cases in order to confirm or expand their powers. The decision in a test case may be a landmark decision.

Examples of influential test cases include:


Strict scrutiny

Strict scrutiny is the most stringent standard of judicial review used by United States courts. It is part of the hierarchy of standards that courts use to weigh the government's interest against a constitutional right or principle. The lesser standards are rational basis review and exacting or intermediate scrutiny. These standards are used to test statutes and government action at all levels of government within the United States.

The idea of "levels of judicial scrutiny", including strict scrutiny, was introduced in "United States v. Carolene Products Co." (1938), one of a series of decisions testing the constitutionality of New Deal legislation. The first and most notable case in which the Supreme Court applied the strict scrutiny standard and found the government's actions valid was "Korematsu v. United States" (1944). In "Korematsu" the Court upheld the government ruling 6-3 that the need to protect the country from espionage outweighed the rights of Mr. Korematsu.

U.S. courts apply the strict scrutiny standard in two contexts: when a fundamental constitutional right is infringed, particularly those found in the Bill of Rights and those the court has deemed a fundamental right protected by the Due Process Clause or "liberty clause" of the 14th Amendment, or when a government action applies to a "suspect classification," such as race or national origin.

To pass strict scrutiny, the law or policy must satisfy three tests:




Cancer of unknown primary origin

"Cancer of unknown primary origin" (CUP, "occult cancer") is a term used to describe a cancer that is said to be at the metastatic stage at the time of diagnosis, but a primary tumor cannot be identified. A diagnosis of CUP requires a clinical picture with metastatic disease and one or more biopsy results inconsistent with a primary tumor.

CUP is found in about 3 to 5% of all people diagnosed with invasive cancer, and carries a poor prognosis in most (80 to 85%) of those circumstances. The other 15 to 20% of patients, however, have a relatively long survival with appropriate treatment.

Joe Garagiola, Sr.

Joseph Henry Garagiola, Sr. (February 12, 1926 – March 23, 2016) was an American professional baseball catcher and later an announcer and television host. 

Garagiola played nine seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the St. Louis Cardinals, Pittsburgh Pirates, Chicago Cubs and the New York Giants. He was also well known outside of baseball for having been one of the regular panelists on "The Today Show" for many years and for his many appearances on game shows both as a host and panelist.

Garagiola died on March 23, 2016 in Phoenix, Arizona at the age of 90.


Phife Dawg

Malik Isaac Taylor (November 20, 1970 – March 22, 2016), better known by his stage name Phife Dawg (or simply Phife), was an American rapper.

He was a member of the group A Tribe Called Quest with high school classmates Q-Tip and Ali Shaheed Muhammad (and for a short time Jarobi White). He was also known as the "Five Foot Assassin" and "The Five Footer", because he stood at .

Taylor died on March 22, 2016 due to complications of diabetes at the age of 45.

Peter Brown (actor)

Peter Brown (October 5, 1935 – March 21, 2016) was an American television actor. He was known for his four-year role as young Deputy Johnny McKay in the 1958 to 1962 ABC/Warner Brothers western television series, "Lawman" and as Texas Ranger Chad Cooper on "Laredo" from 1965 to 1967.

Brown died on March 21, 2016 in Phoenix, Arizona from complications of Parkinson's disease, aged 80.


Glen Dawson

Glen Dawson (June 3, 1912 – March 22, 2016) was an American rock climber, mountaineer, antiquarian bookseller, publisher and environmentalist. He was born in California.

In 1929, Glen began serious mountaineering in the Sierra Nevada. On July 6, 1930, during the Sierra Club's annual High Trip, he first teamed up with Jules Eichorn to make the third ascent of Red-and-White Mountain in the Sierra.

Dawson died in Pasadena, California on March 22, 2016, aged 103.

Jimmy Riley

Martin James Norman Riley (22 May 1954 – 23 March 2016), better known as Jimmy Riley, was a Jamaican singer. Along to recording solo, he was also a member of the Sensations and The Uniques. He was the father of Tarrus Riley. 

In September 2013 he released the album "Contradiction", that featured guest appearances from his son Tarrus, Sizzla, and Fantan Mojah. 

Riley died on the morning of 23 March 2016 in New York City after suffering from cancer, aged 61.

Carolyn Squires

Carolyn M. Squires (September 25, 1940 – March 21, 2016) was an American politician. She was a member of the Democratic Party.

Squires was a member of the Montana House of Representatives for the 96th district from 2010 to 2015. From 2002 to 2010, she was a member of the Montana Senate, representing District 48, where she served as Majority Whip. Earlier she was a member of the Montana House of Representatives from 1987 through 2000.

Squires died in Missoula, Montana from colorectal cancer at the age of 75.


Missoula, Montana

Missoula is a city in the U.S. state of Montana and is the county seat of Missoula County. , the United States Census Bureau counted 73,489 people living in Missoula, and 117,922 people living in the Missoula Metropolitan Area. It is the second largest city in Montana. It is home of the University of Montana.

Santiago J. Erevia

Santiago Jesus Erevia (December 15, 1946 – March 22, 2016) was an American U.S. Army-veteran. He was born in Nordheim, Texas. Erevia served in the Vietnam War starting at the age of 22. 

In 1970, Erevia left active service with a two-year reserve obligation. In 1972 he joined the Texas National Guard and went on to serve 17 years. Erevia worked as a mail carrier for the United States Postal Service, retiring in 2002 after thirty-two years of service. 

Erevia was awarded the Medal of Honor by President Barack Obama in a March 18, 2014 ceremony at the White House.

Erevia died on March 22, 2016 in San Antonio, Texas at the age of 70.

EDVAC

EDVAC (Electronic Discrete Variable Automatic Computer) was one of the first electronic computers. Unlike the computer before it, the ENIAC, EDVAC operated in binary and was able to store programs.

Functionally, EDVAC was a binary serial computer with automatic addition, subtraction, multiplication, programmed division and automatic checking with a capacity of 1,000 44-bit words. EDVAC's average addition time was 864 microseconds and its average multiplication time was 2,900 microseconds.

By 1960, EDVAC was running over 20 hours a day with error-free run time averaging eight hours. EDVAC ran until 1961 when it was replaced by BRLESC. During its operational life it proved to be reliable and productive for its time.

Naked singularity

In general relativity, a naked singularity is a gravitational singularity that is viewable from the outside. The event horizon is like a bubble which surrounds a black hole. Inside the event horizon, the pull of the light cannot escape, so we are unable to view objects inside the event horizon. This includes the event horizon itself. Naked singularities do not have an event horizon, hence the term 'naked'.

The existence of naked singularities is a very important topic in physics, because it would mean we could actually see phenomena made by black holes that we wouldn't be able to see otherwise. In addition, naked singularities would pose big problems for general relativity, since scientists still have not figured out a working idea for what happens to space-time in and around a black hole. Quantum mechanics, the main other scientific theory scientists turn to in physics, is also unable to explain how space-time would behave in such a situation.

Although the cosmic censorship hypothesis says that naked singularities cannot exist, some research says that if loop quantum gravity (a scientific theory that says the universe is made of small 'loops') is correct, naked singularities could exist in nature. Other calculations and arguments have been made to support this.

There are black holes known as Kerr black holes which have spin (they rotate). But, there is a maximum spin rate. If it spins faster than that maximum, its horizon disappears, leaving the singularity inside it wide open.

Mathematician Demetrios Christodoulou has shown that naked singularities also occur in nature. However, he then showed that such "naked singularities" are unstable.



Civil Rights Cases

The Civil Rights Cases , were a group of five similar cases consolidated into one issue for the United States Supreme Court to review. The Court held that Congress lacked the constitutional authority under the Fourteenth Amendment to outlaw racial discrimination by private individuals and organizations, rather than state and local governments.

The Court held that the Civil Rights Act of 1875, which provided that "all persons within the jurisdiction of the United States shall be entitled to the full and equal enjoyment of the accommodations, advantages, facilities, and privileges of inns, public conveyances on land or water, theaters, and other places of public amusement; subject only to the conditions and limitations established by law, and applicable alike to citizens of every race and color, regardless of any previous condition of servitude" was unconstitutional.

The decision itself involved five consolidated cases (United States v. Stanley, United States v. Ryan, United States v. Nichols, United States v. Singleton, and Robinson v. Memphis & Charleston Railroad 109 U.S. 3, 3 S. Ct. 18, 27 L. Ed. 835.) coming from different lower courts in which Black Americans had sued theaters, hotels and transit companies that had refused them service or excluded them from "white only" facilities.

 The Court, in an 8-1 decision by Justice Joseph P. Bradley, held that the language of the 14th Amendment, which prohibited denial of equal protection by a state, did not give Congress power to regulate these private acts. This was because it was the result of conduct by private individuals, not state law or action, that blacks were suffering. Section five empowers Congress only to enforce the prohibition on state action. Legislation by Congress on subjects which are within the domain of the state are not authorized by the 14th Amendment. Private acts of racial discrimination were simply private wrongs that the national government was powerless to correct. Bradley commented that "individual invasion of individual rights is not the subject-matter of the [14th] Amendment. It has a deeper and broader scope. It nullifies and makes void all state legislation, and state action of every kind, which impairs the privileges and immunities of citizens of the United States, or which injures them in life, liberty or property without due process of law, or which denies to any of them the equal protection of the laws."

The Court also acknowledged that the 13th Amendment does apply to private actors, but only to the extent that it prohibits people from owning slaves, not exhibiting discriminatory behavior. The Court said that "it would be running the slavery argument into the ground to make it apply to every act of discrimination which a person may see fit to make as to guests he will entertain, or as to the people he will take into his coach or cab or car; or admit to his concert or theatre, or deal with in other matters of intercourse or business."

Many African-American leaders were outraged and disappointed that the Supreme Court declared the first two sections of the Civil Rights Act of 1875 to be unconstitutional. On October 20, 1883, T. Thomas Fortune, the editor of the "New York Globe" wrote: "The colored people of the United States feel to-day as if they had been baptized in ice water". Many felt it was the end of an era in which the Federal government would protect the rights of African-American citizens.

The Supreme Court decision severely restricted the power of the federal government to guarantee equal status under the law to blacks. State officials in the South took advantage of the decision and began to enact laws that legalized the treatment of blacks as second-class citizens for another seventy years. The court's decision thus ultimately led to the enactment of state laws, such as Jim Crow laws, which made racial segregation the law.

United States Statutes at Large

The United States Statutes at Large, commonly referred to as the Statutes at Large and abbreviated Stat., is the official record of Acts of Congress and concurrent resolutions passed by the United States Congress. Each act and resolution of Congress is called a slip law, which is classified as either public law (abbreviated Pub.L.) or private law (Pvt.L.), and designated and numbered accordingly. At the end of a Congress session, slip laws (now commonly called session laws) are compiled into "Statutes at Large", which are numbered and organised by Congress session. They are part of a three-part model for publication of federal statutes consisting of slip laws, session laws ("Statutes at Large"), and codification ("United States Code").

Civil Rights Act of 1875

The Civil Rights Act of 1875 (–337), sometimes called Enforcement Act or Force Act, was a United States federal law enacted during the Reconstruction era to guarantee African Americans equal treatment in public accommodations, public transportation, and to prevent being excluded from jury duty. The bill was passed by the 43rd United States Congress and signed into law by President Ulysses S. Grant on March 1, 1875. Several years later, the Supreme Court ruled in "Civil Rights Cases" (1833) that sections of the act were unconstitutional.

The drafting of the bill was done in early 1870 by Senator Charles Sumner. It was with the assistance of John Mercer Langston, a prominent African-American who established the law department at Howard University. The bill was proposed by Senator Sumner and co-sponsored by Representative Benjamin F. Butler, both Republicans from Massachusetts, in the 41st United States Congress in 1870. The act was eventually passed by the 43rd Congress in February 1875 and signed into law by President Ulysses S. Grant on March 1, 1875.

The Supreme Court, in an 8 to 1 decision, declared the act unconstitutional in the "Civil Rights Cases" on October 15, 1883. Justice John Marshall Harlan provided the lone dissent. The Court held the Equal Protection Clause within the Fourteenth Amendment prohibits discrimination by the state and local government, but it does not give the federal government the power to prohibit discrimination by private individuals and organizations. The Court also held that the Thirteenth Amendment was meant to eliminate "the badge of slavery," but not to prohibit racial discrimination in public accommodations. The Civil Rights Act of 1875 was the last civil rights bill to be signed into law in the United States until the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1957.

The Civil Rights Act of 1875 is notable as one of the major pieces of legislation related to Reconstruction that were passed by Congress after the American Civil War. These include the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the four Reconstruction Acts of 1867 and 1868, the three Enforcement Acts of 1870 and 1871, and the three Constitutional Amendments adopted between 1865 and 1870.

Provisions contained in the Civil Rights Act of 1875 were later adopted by Congress during the Civil Rights Movement as part of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Civil Rights Act of 1968. This legislation relied on the Commerce Clause in of the Constitution of the United States.

Garner v. Louisiana

Garner v. Louisiana, , was an important civil rights case argued by Thurgood Marshall before the Supreme Court. On December 11, 1961, the court ruled that Louisiana could not convict peaceful sit-in protesters who refused to leave dining establishments under the state's "disturbing the peace" laws. 

African-American students from Southern University sat at a "whites only" segregated lunch bar at Sitman's Drugstore in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The manager called the Police after the students quietly remained even though they were asked to move to another counter. After ordering the black patrons to leave, the Police arrested them and charged them with disturbing the peace. The claim was that their behavior could "foreseeably disturb or alarm the public," according to the state's "disturbing the peace" statute.

The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People defended the student demonstrators as did the Kennedy administration's Justice Department, which filed a legal brief on their behalf. 

In a 9-0 decision, the court ruled in the African-American students' favor, arguing the state violated due process of law under the Fourteenth Amendment and finding there was no evidence the students' behavior could have foreseeably disturbed the peace. In his written opinion, Justice John Marshall Harlan compared sit-in demonstrations to verbal expression as a form of free speech. 
Justice William O. Douglas in his concurring opinion said, “For the police are supposed to be on the side of the Constitution, not on the side of discrimination. Yet if all constitutional questions are to be put aside and the problem treated merely in terms of disturbing the peace, I would have difficulty in reversing these judgments. I think, however, the constitutional questions must be reached and that they make reversal necessary.” 
"Garner v. Louisiana" was an important case for the Civil Rights Movement, and one of many civil rights cases argued before the Warren Court (1953-69). 
Eventually, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 "outlawed discrimination based on race, color, religion or national origin in hotels, motels, restaurants, theaters, and all other public accommodations engaged in interstate commerce."

Federal judiciary of the United States

The federal judiciary of the United States is one of the three co-equal branches of the Federal government of the United States organized under the United States Constitution. Article III of the Constitution requires the establishment of a Supreme Court and permits the Congress to create other federal courts, and place limitations on their jurisdiction. Article III United States federal judges are appointed by the President with the consent of the Senate to serve until they resign, are impeached and convicted, retire, or die.

The federal courts are composed of three levels of courts. The Supreme Court of the United States is the highest court. It is generally an appellate court that operates under discretionary review, which means that the Court can choose which cases to hear, by granting of writs of certiorari. There is generally no right of appeal to the Supreme Court. In a few situations (like lawsuits between state governments or some cases between the federal government and a state) it sits as a court of original jurisdiction.

The United States courts of appeals are the intermediate federal appellate courts. There are 13 appellate courts that determine if the law was applied correctly in trial courts. In some cases, Congress has diverted appellate jurisdiction to specialized courts, such as the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review.

There are 94 United States district courts. These are general federal trial courts, although in many cases Congress has diverted original jurisdiction to specialized courts, such as the Court of International Trade, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, the Alien Terrorist Removal Court, or to Article I or Article IV tribunals. The district courts usually have jurisdiction to hear appeals from such tribunals (unless, for example, appeals are to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.)

Rob Paulsen

Rob Paulsen (born March 11, 1956) is an American voice actor, singer and former movie and television actor. He was starred as the cast member for "Saturday Night Live" (1981-1982) and he has done many voice roles in various movies, television programs and video games. He is best known for his roles as Brain from "Pinky and the Brain", P.J. in "A Goofy Movie" and "Goof Troop", Carl Sneezer from "The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron Boy Genius", Raphael (1987) and Donatello (2012) from "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" and Yakko Warner and Dr. Otto Scratchansniff from "Animaniacs".




Capital punishment in the United States

Capital punishment has existed in the United States before it became a country. As of 2021, capital punishment is legal in 27 out of 50 states. The federal government and the United States military have capital punishment.

The United States is the only Western country that has capital punishment.

Before the United States became an independent country, it was a colony of the British Empire. The first known death sentence in colonial America happened in 1608. Captain George Kendall was executed by firing squad at the Jamestown colony after being accused of spying for the Spanish government.

In colonial America, people could be executed for many things. In the Jamestown colony, the first set of rules and punishments the colony's Lieutenant Governor wrote was very strict. There were 48 different capital crimes (crimes that were punishable by death). They included:

When some colonists decided they did not like these strict rules, they ran away from the colony to live with nearby Native Americans. They were brought back to the colony, tortured, and executed.

Each of the Thirteen Colonies came up with its own death penalty laws. For example, in the Massachusetts Bay Colony, which was mostly Puritan, laws were harsh. Under its first capital punishment laws, which were effective from 1636-1647, people were executed for sodomy, adultery, witchcraft, blasphemy, bestiality, assault, rape, statutory rape, perjury in a capital trial, and murder. Later, the colony continued to execute people for witchcraft, including 20 people during the Salem Witch Trials. They also executed people for being Quakers and pirates.

Under the New York colony's Duke's Laws of 1665, a person could be executed for "denial of the one true God" or for hitting their mother or father.

Some colonies were not as strict. For example, the New Jersey colony had no death penalty, and in the Pennsylvania colony only murder and treason were capital crimes.

By 1776, most of the colonies had similar laws about the death penalty. In most colonies, the capital crimes were arson, piracy, treason, murder, sodomy, burglary, robbery, rape, stealing horses, slave rebellion, and counterfeiting (making fake money). Usually, people sentenced to death were hanged.

During the American Revolutionary War, British Major John André was hanged by the Continental Army on October 2, 1780. He was convicted of spying and helping Benedict Arnold.

The first slaves were brought to the Jamestown colony in 1619. Slavery was legal in the United States for the next 246 years, until the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution made it illegal in 1865. Until that time, slaves had no rights.

Slaves could be punished or tortured for any reason, or for no reason at all. Slaves who tried to escape or rebel were often tortured and executed where other slaves could see, to warn them not to do the same thing.

For example, in 1755, in the Massachusetts Bay Colony, a slave named Mark was accused of poisoning his "master." He was executed, then hung in chains at Boston Harbor so his body would rot. This was supposed to remind other slaves not to rebel every time they passed Mark's body. Twenty years later, when Paul Revere made his "Midnight Ride," Mark's skeleton was still hanging in chains at Boston Harbor.

During the 1700s, in the Southern colonies, an unknown number of slaves were executed, sometimes for things like hitting another slave, "fussing," or "sassing" a white person. Laws in the Southern colonies were passed allowing cruel and unusual punishments as well as capital punishment for slaves.

In the late 1700s, activists like Benjamin Rush began to argue that the death penalty should not be used. Between 1794 and 1815, eight states passed laws that made fewer crimes punishable by death. However, many southern states made more crimes punishable by death, especially for slaves.

Major reforms started to happen between 1833 and 1853. At that time, many executions were public events. By 1849, fifteen states had switched to private hangings.

In 1846, Michigan became the first state to abolish the death penalty, just after it entered the United States.

In 1852, Massachusetts's state legislature voted to allow the death penalty only for first-degree murder. The next year, Wisconsin outlawed capital punishment. In 1887, Maine's state legislature banned the death penalty.

The focus on the death penalty slowed while the country was busy with the issue of slavery and the American Civil War. However, in 1897, the United States Congress passed a law that made fewer federal crimes punishable by death. In 1911, Minnesota abolished capital punishment. Several other states also abolished the death penalty, but would start using it again later.

Between 1957 and 1973, six other states permanently abolished the death penalty:

In 1972, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled in "Furman v. Georgia" that the way death penalty laws were written made them unconstitutional. They ruled that sentencing rules were discriminatory, because black people got sentenced to death more often than whites for the same crimes. Because of this, the death penalty was cruel and unusual punishment, which violated the Eighth and Fourteenth Amendments to the Constitution. This ruling stopped all executions in the country. Between 1972 and 1976, there were no executions in the United States.

However, by early 1975, thirty states had passed new death penalty laws that they thought would satisfy the Supreme Court. They did. In "Gregg v. Georgia" (1976), the Supreme Court ruled that Georgia's new death penalty law was constitutional. It ruled that capital punishment was not always cruel and unusual punishment, as long as it was done fairly. This meant that states could start executing people again, as long as they had rewritten their death penalty laws like Georgia did, to say that the death penalty would be applied fairly. In 1977, executions began again in the United States.

In two major cases, the Supreme Court has limited who may be executed. In "Atkins v. Virginia" (2002), the Court decided that executing people with intellectual disabilities is cruel and unusual punishment, and is against the Eighth Amendment. Before this decision, between 1984 and 1992, forty-four people with intellectual disabilities were executed in the United States.

Also, in "Roper v. Simmons" (2005), the Supreme Court made it illegal to execute a person who was younger than 18 when they committed their crime.

In 2004, two researchers named M. Watt Espy and John Ortiz Smykia put together a list of executions that became known as "The ESPY File." The Espy File says that between 1608 and 1991, in the American colonies and then the United States, 15,269 people were executed. The Espy File is "the most often cited and used list of America's legal executions." However, in a 2011 study, two researchers criticized The Espy File. They wrote that researchers should not use the File as a complete source of information about executions.

According to the United States Department of Justice, between 1930 and 2002, the United States executed 4,679 people. About two-thirds of these people (about 3,100 people) were executed between 1930 and 1950.

Between 1916 and 1955, the United States military executed 135 soldiers. The military has not executed anyone since 1955.

In 2016, only 5 of 50 or 10% of US states had executions. They were Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Missouri and Texas.

Throughout American history, different methods of execution have been used. During colonial times, cruel and painful methods like burning or crushing people to death were sometimes used. However, since 1776, all but a few executions have been carried out in one of five ways: hanging, firing squad, the electric chair, the gas chamber, or lethal injection.

Since the Bill of Rights was added to the United States Constitution in 1791, "cruel and unusual punishment" has been against the law in the United States. This means that even if a person commits a terrible crime, the Constitution says their punishment cannot be painful or cause suffering on purpose.

Until the beginning of the 20th century, hanging was the most common method of execution in the United States.

However, hanging did not always work the way it was supposed to. If the rope and noose were not put in the correct position, a person could be decapitated. If the rope was not long enough, the person could slowly die of strangulation. People started looking for more 'civilized' ways to execute people.

After Thomas Edison discovered direct current (DC) electricity in 1882, his company showed how powerful it was by using it to kill animals. The idea of using electricity to kill humans grew out of this. New York built the first electric chair, and first used it to execute a prisoner on August 6, 1890. Other states also adopted the electric chair as a method of execution, believing that it was a less painful way to die than hanging.

However, it became clear, even to some members of the Supreme Court, that dying in an electric chair was very painful. Also, even up until the 1990s, electric chairs would work incorrectly, causing prisoners to catch fire or be awake while they were being electrocuted. Around the 1980s, most states began to use lethal injection instead.

Still looking for a more "humane" methods of execution, in 1924, Nevada prison officials tried to secretly pump cyanide gas into death row prisoner Gee Jon's cell to kill him while he slept. This did not work, and they had to build a gas chamber. On February 8, 1924, Jon became the first person to be executed by gas chamber.

From 1924 to 1972, the United States executed about 600 people in gas chambers. Most states used hydrogen cyanide gas. However, by the mid-1970s and 1980s, many people had started to criticize the use of gas chambers. Death from hydrogen cyanide poisoning can be long and painful, and in some executions, prisoners suffered long deaths. After one of these executions, a federal court in California ruled that "execution by lethal gas under the California protocol is unconstitutionally cruel and unusual punishment."

Also, according to sociologist Clifton Bryant, the way it is used in the United States, "the gas chamber is ... the most dangerous, most complicated, and most expensive method of administering the death penalty." By the late 20th century, most states had switched to using lethal injection.

In the 1970s, Oklahoma passed the first law that allowed executions by lethal injection. This was a practical decision: Oklahoma's old electric chair would need expensive repairs, and building a gas chamber would cost over $200,000. However, executing a person by lethal injection would only cost $10 to $15 per person. Lethal injection grew more and more popular in death penalty states. It was viewed as less painful, with less suffering, than the electric chair or gas chamber. Texas was the first state to execute someone by lethal injection, in 1982. Over the next 30 years, all of the death penalty states passed laws making lethal injection their first-choice (or only) method of execution.

However, in the 2010s, American prisons started having trouble getting enough of the medications used to carry out lethal injections. The states had been using three medications for lethal injections:

Then, in 2011, Hospira, the only American company that made sodium thiopental, stopped making the drug. The European Union makes other anesthetics, like propofol. However, since the European Union is against the death penalty, they made it illegal to export any product that could be used in an execution. Another anesthetic, pentobarbital, is also only made in the European Union, and the company that makes it has put limits on selling it to U.S. government customers. A few states have tried mixtures of other drugs, but those executions have not gone well.

As of 2016, many death penalty states have temporarily stopped using lethal injection until they can find a solution to this problem.

As of January 1, 2016, fifteen states have laws that allow them to use a method of execution other than lethal injection. Before the lethal injection drug shortages, these other methods were rarely used. From 1976 to March 23, 2016, there were 1,431 executions:

However, since they stopped being able to get lethal injection drugs, some states have thought about going back to other methods of execution. Here are the states whose laws allow them to use other methods, as of January 1, 2016:

This table shows the death penalty laws in 49 of the 50 states; Washington, D.C.; the federal government; and the United States military, as of January 1, 2016. Under the category "Status," there are four possibilities:

Click on the little triangle at the top of each header box to sort the information in this table by a certain category.

In some areas, prosecutors ask for the death penalty, and judges grant the death penalty, more often than in other areas. Also, once people are convicted and are on "death row," how quickly they are executed depends on the state they are in. On average, in 2004, death penalty states had executed about 10% of the people on their "death rows." However, California had executed only 1% of its prisoners who are sentenced to death. Texas executed 40% of theirs.

One of the controversies about the death penalty is whether it is given unequally to people of different races.

In a report in 1983, David Baldus and others wrote a famous report that looked at whether the death penalty was applied equally to people of different races in Georgia. They found that:

In 1987, the Supreme Court decided a case called "McCleskey v. Kemp". McCleskey's lawyers showed that in Georgia, where McCleskey lived, black people convicted of killing whites were four times more likely to get the death penalty than people convicted of killing non-whites. The Supreme Court accepted this, but ruled against McCleskey. They wrote: "[inequalities] in sentencing are an inevitable part of our criminal justice system." Since then, judges have not allowed lawyers to argue that racial bias plays a part in the death penalty.

Anti-death penalty groups like Amnesty International say:

The United States Department of Justice says that between 1980 and 2008, African Americans committed 52.5% of the murders in the United States; whites committed 45.3%; and Native Americans and Asians committed 2.2%. This means African Americans are less likely to be executed on a per capita basis. The Department of Justice also says that as of 2009, Hispanic or Latino people make up 17.4% of the United States population, but only 13.5% of death row prisoners.

A 2012 study found that non-white soldiers in the United States military are twice as likely as white soldiers to be given the death penalty. Of the 16 soldiers the military has sentenced to death between 1985 and 2012, 10 (62.5%) were non-whites, one of the study's authors said.

The death penalty is definitely given much more often to men than women. As of October 1, 2014:

The University of Michigan Law School keeps a list of people who have been exonerated from death row. The list counts "exonerations" as cases where "a person who has been convicted of a crime is officially cleared based on new evidence of innocence."

According to the list, between 1989 and 2015, 116 people have been exonerated from death row. The most common reasons why these people were exonerated were:

DNA evidence proved that 25 of these people about 22% were innocent of the crimes they were sentenced to death for.

Of the 116 people who were exonerated, 62 (about 53%) were black, 43 (37%) were white, 9 (8%) were Hispanic, and two were members of other races (2%). In the 88 cases where a government official abused their power, 51 of the exonerated people (about 58%) were black; 29 were Caucasian (33%); and 8 (9%) were Hispanic. Seventeen of the 31 people who received an "inadequate legal defense" (about 55%) were black; 12 (about 39%) were white; and two (about 6%) were Hispanic.

The death penalty is a very controversial topic in the United States. People have argued about it since before the Thirteen Colonies became the United States. There are many different arguments for and against the death penalty. This list does not include all of them, just some of the most common ones.

People who do not agree with the death penalty (death penalty "opponents") say our trial system is not perfect. Judges and juries make mistakes. One study done by Columbia Law School found that there were serious mistakes in two-thirds of all capital trials. In these trials, the defendants were sentenced to death anyway. However, when their cases were appealed, over 80% of the defendants were not sentenced to death; 7% were found not guilty.

Opponents argue that because mistakes are so common in capital trials, people can be executed even though they were innocent. As proof, they point the 116 people who were exonerated from death row between 1989 and 2015.

People who support the death penalty (death penalty "supporters") say that mistakes are very rare, especially since new laws were made in the 1970s to add protections for death row inmates. For example, Steve Stewart, Deputy Prosecuting Attorney for the Clark County, Indiana, Fourth Judicial Court, says:
Death penalty supporters say that capital punishment is a "deterrent". This means that people are scared of the death penalty and are less likely to commit a capital crime if they know they could get the death penalty.

Supporters also argue that the next most serious punishment for capital crimes is life in prison. In some states, this means the person could be let out of prison someday. Also, even being in prison for life does not keep killers from killing more people in prison. Executing people is the only way to make sure they will never kill another person.

Opponents argue that nobody has ever proved that capital punishment is more of a deterrent than a long prison sentence. They point out that most states and countries that do not have the death penalty have lower murder rates than death penalty states. They also say that the death penalty is not a deterrent because people often commit murders when they are very upset and are not thinking about what might happen in the future.

Among scholars and researchers, there is no agreement about whether capital punishment is more of a deterrent than any other punishment. Some researchers have done studies that say the death penalty is a deterrent. Other studies have found that the death penalty is not a deterrent in the United States, or in other countries.

Opponents argue that defendants who are poor and/or non-white are more likely to get the death penalty than whites, even if they have committed the same crimes. Supporters say that opponents misuse statistics and exaggerate the situation. For more information, see the section on Sentencing: Among races farther up on this page.

Death penalty debaters argue about whether capital punishment is "cruel and unusual punishment" (which would be unconstitutional). Even the people on the Supreme Court have disagreed on this issue. In 2004, the Court ruled in "Baze v. Rice" that even if an execution causes pain, that does not make it cruel and unusual. However, in his dissenting opinion in "Gregg v. Georgia", Justice William Brennan wrote that the death penalty is "an unusually severe punishment, unusual in its pain... [it] is today a cruel and unusual punishment prohibited by the ... Eighth and Fourteenth Amendments."

The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), an anti-death penalty group, adds that capital punishment is "unusual" because:

Religion plays a complicated role in death penalty arguments. To support the death penalty, some people quote from the Old Testament of the Bible, which says: "An eye for an eye, a life for a life." This means that if you take a life, you should pay with your own life. However, others use parts of the New Testament, where Jesus talks about forgiveness and nonviolence, to oppose the death penalty. They say that no one has the right to take a life but God even if that person has taken a life himself.

In 1999, a group of Jewish rabbis and Catholic Bishops had this to say:
Opponents also point out:


Biological half-life

A half life of a substance is the amount of time it takes to decay into half of its activity. Usually, this refers to the body's getting rid of a substance. This happens by the function of kidneys and liver as well as excretion.


Der Barbier von Bagdad

Der Barbier von Bagdad ("The Barber of Baghdad"), is an German comic opera with music and libretto by Peter Cornelius. It is based on "The Tale of the Tailor" and "The Barber's Stories of his Six Brothers" in One Thousand and One Nights. It was first performed in Weimar, on December 15, 1858. By far Cornelius' most successful work and his only opera still regularly performed.




Marcelo Martins Moreno

Marcelo Martins Moreno (born 18 June 1987 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia), known as Marcelo Martins or Marcelo Moreno, is a Bolivian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Cruzeiro and the Bolivia national football team.

Vitória

Cruzeiro

Shakhtar Donetsk

Werder Bremen

Flamengo

Individual

CRISPR

CRISPR is a term in DNA research. It stands for "clustered regularly-interspaced short palindromic repeats". These are part of the genetic code in prokaryotes: most bacteria and archaea have it. It is their defence against attack by viruses. Its structure and function was discovered in the 21st century.

CRISPR has a lot of short repeated sequences. These sequences are part of an adaptive immune system for prokaryotes. It allows them to remember and counter the bacteriophages which prey on them. They work as a kind of acquired immunity for bacteria.

They can modify the genes of almost any organism. They are used by researchers as a tool to cut and insert genes in genetic modification (GM). Work is under way to find how they can be used to attack virus diseases in humans (gene therapy).

Each repetition is followed by short segments of "spacer DNA". These come from previous exposures to a bacterial virus or plasmid. CRISPR spacers "recognize and cut up the foreign genetic elements" in a manner like RNA interference in eukaryotic organisms.

In effect, the spacers are fragments of DNA from viruses that have previously tried to attack the cell line. The foreign source of the spacers was a sign to researchers that the CRISPR/cas system could have a role in adaptive immunity in bacteria.

The actual cutting is done by a nuclease called Cas9. "Cas9" has two active cutting sites, one for each strand of the DNA's double helix. "Cas9" does this by unwinding foreign DNA and checking whether it is complementary to the 20 basepair spacer region of the guide RNA (the spacer region RNA). If it is, the foreign DNA gets chopped up.

CRISPR is an anti-viral defensive system which originated in bacteria and archaea. Gene editing is a human exploitation of CRISPR.

The technology has been used to switch off genes in human cell lines and cells, to study "Candida albicans", to modify yeasts used to make biofuel and to genetically modify crop strains.

The CRISPR-Cas9 system cuts DNA, but can do more. It can turn gene expression on and off, and can be used to fluorescently tag particular sequences.

The understanding and development of the CRISPR-Cas9 genome editing technique won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for 2020. The prize was awarded jointly to Emmanuelle Charpentier and Jennifer Doudna.

Anti-CRISPR is a group of proteins in some phages. It inhibits the normal activity of CRISPR-Cas, the immune system of many bacteria. Phages with anti-CRSPR avoid having their genomes destroyed by the prokaryotic cells that they infect.

Tayap

Tayap is a small village in Cameroon. It is from Yaoundé, the capital city. It is from Douala, the biggest city of the country.

The climate is equatorial. It is usually hot, . It is often wet. There are four different seasons.

In 2005, 272 people lived in Tayap. The village has a primary school. It has 4 classrooms.

Most people work in agriculture. They produce manioc, bananas, oranges, mangoes, vegetables, peanuts, cocoa and palm oil.

The village is surrounded by a large forest but deforestation is a major problem in this area.
Since 2011 Tayap focuses on biodiversity and ecology. It tries to develop new activities such as tourism.


Ordinary least squares

Ordinary least squares or linear least squares is a method for estimating unknown parameters in statistics. It is a method used in linear regression. The goal of the method is to minimize the difference between the observed responses and the responses predicted by the linear approximation of the data. A smaller difference means that model fits the data better. Ordinary least squares is a special case of a method commonly called least squares. The resulting estimator can be expressed by a simple formula.

Justice of the peace

A justice of the peace (JP) is a judicial officer, elected or appointed to a local court that has limited jurisdiction. In some locations a JP deals with traffic violations, parking tickets and may have the authority to perform marriages ceremonies. In many places they are the entry-level courts that most criminal cases pass through. JP courts were popular in early history, but are now found mostly in rural areas. Otherwise people would have to travel longer distances to other courts of law.

In 1195, a proclamation of Richard I of England local knights were appointed to keep order. In 1264, "Keepers of the Peace were appointed in every county to serve the king. Such men were called "Justice of the Peace" beginning in about 1362. When colonists came to British North America they brought with them the common law system that included JPs. In France, "Lords of the Court" administered justice. After 1789, justices of the peace were elected. 

While the requirements vary from one jurisdiction to another, generally, to become a JP there are few if any educational requirements. An application is filled out and usually there is a fee. Justices may be chosen by their qualifications and references. Many have law degrees while others may have taken a few law classes.

Garry Shandling

Garry Emmanuel Shandling (November 29, 1949 – March 24, 2016) was an American comedian, actor, writer, producer and director. He was best known for his work in "It's Garry Shandling's Show" and "The Larry Sanders Show".

Shandling was born Garry Emmanuel Shandling in Chicago, Illinois on November 29, 1949. He was raised in Tucson, Arizona. He studied at the University of Arizona.

Shandling began his career in 1975. He started writing for sitcoms such as "Sanford and Son" and "Welcome Back, Kotter". He began his career in comedy when he was on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" and was on the show many times. 

Shandling was for a thought to replace Carson (other hopefuls were Joan Rivers, David Letterman and David Brenner). In 1986, he created "It's Garry Shandling's Show", for the pay cable channel Showtime. It was nominated for four Emmy Awards (including one for Shandling) and lasted until 1990. His second show, "The Larry Sanders Show", which began airing on HBO in 1992, was even more successful. 

Shandling was nominated for 18 Emmy Awards for the show and won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series in 1998, along with Peter Tolan, for writing the series finale. In movies, Shandling had the same role as Senator Stern in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, appearing in "Iron Man 2" and "", as well as a voice in DreamWorks Animation's "Over the Hedge".

His last movies were "" (2015) and "The Jungle Book" (2016).

Shandling was in a relationship with Linda Doucett from 1987 through 1994. He lived in Los Angeles, California. 

Shandling died in Los Angeles from a pulmonary embolism caused by thrombosis in his leg on March 24, 2016. He was aged 66.

During his career, Shandling was nominated for 19 Primetime Emmy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards, along with many other awards and nominations. He served as host of the Grammy Awards four times and as host of the Emmy Awards three times.


Mount Kenya

Mount Kenya is the highest mountain in Kenya. It is high. It is the second highest mountain in Africa. It is an extinct volcano. It is on the equator. It is northeast of Nairobi.

Flame fougasse

A flame fougasse (fougasse or foo gas) is a type of mine or improvised explosive device. It uses an explosive charge to put burning liquid onto a target.

The flame fougasse was developed in Britain as an anti-tank weapon in the World War II invasion crisis of 1940. During that period, about 50,000 flame fougasse barrels were put in some 7,000 batteries. Most were in southern England and some in Scotland. Although never used in combat in Britain, the design saw action later in Greece.

Fougasse

Fougasse may mean


Katzenbach v. McClung

Katzenbach v. McClung, 379 U.S. 294 (1964), is a landmark decision by the United States Supreme Court. The Court held that Congress acted within its power under the Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution in forbidding racial discrimination in restaurants as this was a burden to interstate commerce. The ruling was a 9–0 decision in favor of the plaintiff—the United States government. It was also a test case of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. In particular, 

Ollie's Barbecue was a family-owned restaurant that operated in Birmingham, Alabama, that seated 220 customers. It was located on a state highway and was 11 city blocks from an interstate highway. In a typical year, approximately half of the food it purchased from a local supplier came from out-of-state. It catered to local families and white-collar workers. However, they refused to serve African American customers in the restaurant. About 24 of the 36 employees of the restaurant were black.

Congress passed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 outlawing segregation in American schools and public places. One section of the act, Title II, was specifically intended to grant African-Americans full access to public facilities such as hotels, restaurants, and public recreation areas. On the same day, the Supreme Court heard challenges to Title II from a motel owner and from Ollie McClung. Both claimed that the federal government had no right to impose any regulations on small, private businesses. Both ultimately lost. Ollie McClung had won in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama when he received an injunction preventing the Government from enforcing Title II against his restaurant. But then U.S. Attorney General Nicholas Katzenbach, appealed this decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.

McClung argued that the Civil Rights Act was unconstitutional, at least as applied to a small, private business such as his. McClung further argued that the amount of food purchased by Ollie's that actually crossed state lines (about half of the food at Ollie's) was so small that Ollie's effectively had no effect on interstate commerce (although McClung admitted that a significant amount of Ollie's business was to interstate travelers). Because of this, McClung argued that Congress had no power to regulate Ollie's Barbecue under the Commerce Clause.

The court ruled unanimously that the Civil Rights Act is constitutional and that it was properly applied against Ollie's Barbecue.

Justice Clark wrote the majority opinion, with concurrences by Justices Black, Douglas, and Goldberg. In section 2 of the opinion, the Court agreed with McClung that Ollie's itself had virtually no effect on interstate commerce. In section 4 of the opinion, the Court held that racial discrimination in restaurants had a significant impact on interstate commerce, and therefore Congress has the power to regulate this conduct under the Commerce Clause. The Court's conclusion was based on extensive Congressional hearings on the issue. 

After decades in operation, Ollie's Barbecue moved to the suburb of Pelham in 1999 and closed in 2001.

Case citation

Case citation is a system used by legal professionals to identify past court case decisions. These are found either in series of books called reporters or law reports, or in a neutral style that identifies a decision regardless of where it is reported. Case citations are formatted differently in different jurisdictions, but generally contain the same key information.

A legal citation is a "reference to a legal precedent or authority, such as a case, statute, or work, that either agrees with or contradicts a given position". Where cases are published on paper, the citation usually contains the following information:

In some report series, for example in England and Australia, volumes are not numbered independently of the year. So the year and volume number (usually no greater than 4) are required to identify which book of the series has the case reported within its covers. In such citations, it is usual in these jurisdictions to apply square brackets "" to the year (which may not be the year that the case was decided, For example, a case decided in December 2001 may have been reported in 2002).

The Internet brought with it the opportunity for courts to publish their decisions on websites. Decisions of many courts from all over the world can now be found through the website WorldLII and its member institutes.

Most court decisions are not published on paper. The large number of court decisions found online resulted in a flood of information. The result was that a medium-neutral citation system was adopted. This usually contains the following information:
Rather than utilizing page numbers for "pinpoint references", which would depend upon particular printers and browsers, pinpoint quotations refer to paragraph numbers.

The conjunction "versus" is abbreviated to "v" in Commonwealth countries and to "v." in the United States.

In common law countries with an adversarial system of justice, the names of the opposing parties are separated in the case title by the abbreviation "v." The abbreviation represents the Latin word "versus", which means "against". When case titles are read out loud, the "v." can be pronounced, depending on the context, as "and", "against", "versus", or "vee".

Barisal Zilla School

Barisal Zilla School is a boys school located in Barisal, Bangladesh. It is one of the oldest and top ranked high schools in the country and the first high school in Barisal Division.

It was founded by an Englishman, N. W. Garret, on 23 December 1829 with only 8 students. Now it has more than two thousand students.

Barisal Zilla School produced many leading local reformers, politicians, statesmen, educationists, philosophers, poets-writers, and sportsmen. Those notable persons include:


Boynton v. Virginia

Boynton v. Virginia, , was a decision by the Supreme Court of the United States. On December 20, 1958, Bruce Boynton, a senior at Howard Law School, left Washington, D.C. on a bus to go home for Christmas to Montgomery, Alabama. At the bus terminal in Richmond, Virginia he entered the restaurant and sat in the "white only" section. For refusing to leave, he was arrested and convicted for violating a Virginia statute making it illegal for anyone "without authority of law" to remain after being forbidden to do so. He then appealed the conviction to the Supreme Court of Virginia. He maintained “that his conviction violated the Interstate Commerce Act and the Equal Protection, Due Process and Commerce Clauses of the Federal Constitution.” But the state Supreme Court upheld his conviction.He next petitioned the United States Supreme Court for certiorari. The U.S. Supreme Court reversed the conviction of the lower court. The Court held that Boynton “had a federal right to remain in the white portion of the restaurant” as the Interstate Commerce Act “forbids any interstate common carrier by motor vehicle to subject any person to unjust discrimination.” Justice Hugo Black delivered the majority opinion.

The court ruled in a 7-2 decision in favor of Boynton. It held that interstate passengers were protected by the Interstate Commerce Act and the terminal's restaurant was a part of that facility. In part the decision read: 

Justices Tom C. Clark and Charles Evans Whittaker dissented in the 7-2 decision. It was the first time since 1946 the court had split over matters of racial segregation. 

"Boynton v. Virginia" paved the way and inspired the Freedom Riders to test the new ruling. Black and white riders rode together on Southern racially segregated buses beginning in 1961. After six months of protests and press coverage of the Freedom Riders, The Interstate Commerce Commission outlawed racial discrimination in seating passengers on interstate busses. It ordered the removal of "whites only" signs from all interstate bus terminals. 


Gregg v. Georgia

Gregg v. Georgia, "Proffitt v. Florida", "Jurek v. Texas", "Woodson v. North Carolina", and "Roberts v. Louisiana", were a group of landmark cases that the United States Supreme Court decided together in 1976. They had to do with capital punishment in the United States.

In these cases, the Court ruled that the states could use capital punishment (the death penalty), but only if they followed certain rules. If the states did not follow these rules when they sentenced people to death, they would be violating the Constitution of the United States by giving out a cruel and unusual punishment.

In 1972, the Court had ruled that the way Georgia was using the death penalty was unconstitutional. After this decision, all of the states stopped using the death penalty while they changed their capital punishment laws. Because of this, there were no executions in the United States between 1972 and 1976.

However, in "Gregg v. Georgia", the Court ruled that Georgia's new death penalty law was constitutional, and they gave the state permission to execute Troy Leon Gregg. This ended the temporary stop on executions in the United States. It made it clear to the states that as long as they followed the rules set out in the "Gregg" decision, they could start using the death penalty again.

The "Gregg" case happened because of another Supreme Court case called "Furman v. Georgia," which the Court decided In 1972. In this case, three different men who had been sentenced to death argued that Georgia was giving them a cruel and unusual punishment. This is against the Eighth Amendment to the Constitution, which makes cruel and unusual punishments illegal.

The Supreme Court agreed that when Georgia gave the death penalty to these three men, the state violated the Eighth Amendment. Different Supreme Court Justices said Georgia's death penalty was 'cruel and unusual' for different reasons.

Some Justices said that Georgia's use of the death penalty was "arbitrary." This meant that Georgia's courts gave the death penalty to some people and not to others, even when they committed the same crime, for no good reason.

Other Justices said Georgia's use of the death penalty was "discriminatory". They wrote that black defendants seemed more likely to get the death penalty than whites. This would violate the Fourteenth Amendment, which says that the states must give every person "the equal protection of the laws." If a certain group, like black people, is more likely to get the death penalty just because of their race, they are not being treated equally under the laws.

After "Furman", all of the states stopped using the death penalty so they could change their capital punishment laws. They wanted these new laws to make sure the death penalty would not be given in an arbitrary or discriminatory way. By early 1975, thirty states had passed new death penalty laws that they thought would satisfy the Supreme Court and let them use the death penalty in a constitutional way.

"Gregg" started out as five separate cases in five different states: "Gregg v. Georgia", "Proffitt v. Florida", "Jurek v. Texas", "Woodson v. North Carolina", and "Roberts v. Louisiana".

After the "Furman" decision, the states of Georgia, Florida, Texas, North Carolina, and Louisiana changed their death penalty laws to obey the Supreme Court's decision in "Furman". After this, the five defendants in these cases Troy Leon Gregg, Charles William Proffitt, Jerry Jurek, James Tyrone Woodson, and Stanislaus Roberts were each convicted of murder. Each was sentenced to death. Each defendant appealed to their state's Supreme Court. Each of the five state Supreme Courts said the death sentences were fair and legal.

Next, the defendants asked the United States Supreme Court to decide whether their death sentences were constitutional. In "Furman", the Court had ruled that the death penalty was "sometimes" cruel and unusual punishment. These five defendants were asking the Supreme Court to rule that the death penalty was "always" cruel and unusual punishment. If the Court ruled this way, it would make the death penalty unconstitutional in the entire United States. The death penalty would be illegal in every state in the country.

The Supreme Court agreed to hear the cases, but they combined them all into one case. This one case is usually called "Gregg v. Georgia", because the entire name of the case is very long.

The United States Supreme Court was trying to answer a few legal questions in "Gregg". The most important were:

The Court ruled 7-2 that the death penalty is not always cruel and unusual punishment. (The two Justices who disagreed, William Brennan and Thurgood Marshall, had already said in "Furman" that they thought capital punishment was "always" cruel and unusual.)

The Court set out two rules that state laws have to include to make sure their death penalty sentencing laws are constitutional:

Specifically, the Court said that Georgia's, Florida's, and Texas's new death penalty laws met these requirements. This meant these laws were constitutional, and these states could go back to executing people. 

The Court ruled that North Carolina's and Louisiana's new laws did not meet the requirements, because they made the death penalty mandatory (required in all cases) for some crimes. This meant these laws were still unconstitutional.

The Supreme Court's ruling in "Gregg" was important for several reasons:


Proof-of-work system

A proof-of-work (POW) system is a system where finding a solution to a given problem is difficult and/or expensive, but verifying the solution to the given problem is simple and/or cheap. 

Find the positive integer whose sha256 hash value is:

To find this integer, you must compute the sha256 value for every integer starting with zero until you find the right value. While each individual computation is trivial and cheap, cumulatively the work adds up and becomes time consuming and expensive. To successfully reproduce the given hash value, you must do some work.
Find some data whose sha256 hash value begins with at least 8 leading zeros:

In the first example, the problem required the original value as proof that work had been done. In this example, it does not matter what the data is, only that it produces a hash value with the given constraints. Finding this data is difficult, but once found, it is trivial to verify by running it through sha256.

University of Barisal

University of Barisal ( also known as Barisal University or simply BU), is a public university located in Barisal, a city in southern Bangladesh. It is the only general public university in Barishal division and the country's 33rd public university. It was established in 2011 and started educational activities on 25 January 2012.

Ineffective assistance of counsel (United States)

Ineffective assistance of counsel means that a lawyer (counsel) did not help their client defend themselves during a trial. "Ineffective assistance of counsel" is a complaint that a person can make if they have been convicted of a crime, and they want to argue that their trial was not fair.

"Ineffective" means that something, or someone, did not work the way it should have. "Assistance" means "help." "Counsel" is a legal word for "lawyer." So by making a complaint of "ineffective assistance of counsel," a person is saying "my defense attorney did not help me enough."

The Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution says: "the accused shall enjoy the right ... to have the assistance of counsel for his defence." When a person says they had ineffectiveness of counsel, they are saying their lawyer was so bad that they did not receive this right to a lawyer.

Unfortunately, the Sixth Amendment only said that people had the right to have a lawyer. It did not give any more details about this right. Here are some examples of things it did not say:

The Supreme Court tried to answer some of these questions in a case called "Strickland v. Washington", . In this case, the court ruled that there were two things a defendant would have to show in order to prove that they had ineffective assistance of counsel. This became known as the "Strickland test":

This second part was important. After "Stirickland", the states' appeals courts ruled that convictions were legal even in cases where the defense attorney:

There was an important reason why these cases did not qualify as "ineffective assistance of counsel." The prisoners who brought the cases to the Supreme Court could not prove the second piece of the "Strickland test." They could not prove that if they had different lawyers, their trials would have turned out differently. There was so much evidence against them, and they were so obviously guilty, that the appeals courts decided having a different lawyer would not have made any difference. No lawyer could have saved these cases, the state courts basically said.

The issue of ineffective counsel is important in the debate over capital punishment in the United States. The University of Michigan Law School keeps a list of people who have been exonerated from death row. The list counts "exonerations" as cases where "a person who has been convicted of a crime is officially cleared based on new evidence of innocence."

According to the list, between 1989 and 2015, 116 people have been exonerated from death row. Over one out of every four of these people were exonerated because an appeals court ruled they had received ineffective assistance of counsel.


Barisal Sadar Upazila

Barisal Sadar () is an Upazila of Barisal District in the Division of Barisal, Bangladesh.

The population of Barisal Sadar Upazila is 527,017. Males are 52.72% of the population, and females 47.28%. The population density is about 1625 people per km².

Peristalsis

Peristalsis is a process of contraction and relaxation of the muscle around parts of the alimentary canal. Peristalsis is also a series of contractions that pass from the mouth to the stomach.

The most familiar example of this is in the oesophagus. In the oesophagus, peristalsis pushes the ball of food down the oesophagus. The smooth muscle of the oesophagus contracts and relaxes in sequence, and this pushes the ball of food down the oesophagus.

The muscle is worked by a nervous mechanism called the "migrating motor complex". This works in one direction only, and also works in the lower regions of the digestive system.

Institut supérieur de l'aéronautique et de l'espace

The Institut supérieur de l'aéronautique et de l'espace (ISAE-SUPAERO; ) is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Toulouse (South France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a lot of nationalities participate to the different curricula at SUPAERO.

Most of the 1600 graduate engineer students at ISAE-SUPAERO live in dedicated residential buildings nearby research labs and metro public transports.

The school results from the "École nationale supérieure de l'aéronautique et de l'espace" (created In 1909) and the "École nationale supérieure d'ingénieurs de construction aéronautique" (created in 1946).

Admission to the "Supaero engineering Programme" implemented at ISAE is possible after two/three year scientific undergraduate studies and requires success to either:

The "Supaero Programme" typically lasts three years and results in a master's degree, augmented with international experience. Thus undergraduate studies + the Supaero Programme account for more than a cumulated 300 ECTS credits as applicable in the European education system.

However, graduate students enrolled in the TIME double degree procedure are required to spend two-years at ISAE and spend two years in the TIME-partner institute for a total of four years resulting in a double master's degree.

Research activities at ISAE relate to the following topics:



Libertarian Party (Spain)

The Libertarian Party (Spanish: Partido Libertario or P-LIB) is a Spanish political party. It was formed in 2009. It is currently led by Juan Pina.

The party believes in classical liberalism and that government should stay out of economics. They also believe in objectivism. They believethat governments should only be able to protect people from violence, theft, fraud, and other actions that go against people's rights. The party is open to some more libertarian and anarcho-capitalism ideas. There are two groups within the party; the Objectivist and Radicals. Most party members aren't involved with these groups.

The party took part in the 2011 Spanish general election in Madrid and Zaragoza. They received about 7,000 votes to the Senate and over 2,000 (0.01 %) to the Congress.


European Canadians

European Canadians (sometimes called Euro-Canadians) are Canadians with ancestry from Europe. As of 2011, there were 25,186,890 European Canadians in Canada.

The French were the first Europeans to live in Canada permanently. Hélène Desportes was the first "white" person born in New France. She was born in 1620.

In 2006, most European Canadians had English ancestry (21.03%). Other common ancestries were French (15.82%), Scottish (15.11%), Irish (13.94%), German (10.18%) then Italian (4.63%). However, 32.22% of people said they had Canadian ancestry. Because of this, some people think the numbers for the English and French ancestry are too low.

Most European Canadians are Christian. A small number of them are Jews, Deists, Agnostics, Atheists, Muslims, Bahá'ís, Paganists/Wiccas and Unitarian Universalists. Most also speak English and French.

Latin American Canadians

Latin American Canadians are Canadians with ancestry from Latin America. They may also be called "Latino Canadian" and "Latin Canadian". As of 2011, there were 381,280 Latin American Canadians in Canada.

Most Latin American Canadians speak two or more languages. They usually speak Spanish and/or Portuguese along with English and French.

A lot of Latin American Canadians came to Canada in the late 20th century. They came to Canada because it has better economic opportunities than their native country. Some Cubans came to Canada to escape Fidel Castro's regime. Other Latino Americans left their country because Canada offered freedom from war.

In 2011, most Latin American Canadians had Mexican ancestry (18.6%). Other common ancestries were Colombian (16.2%), Salvadoran (11.7%), Peruvian (7.1%), Chilean (6.7%) and Brazilian (6.1%).

Almost all Latino American Canadians are Christian.

Roper v. Simmons

Roper v. Simmons, , was a landmark decision of the United States Supreme Court. The Court ruled that it is unconstitutional to execute a person for crimes they committed before they were 18 years old. This decision affected 25 states in the country, which still allowed executions of children under age 18. Also, the decision reversed the Court's past ruling in "Stanford v. Kentucky", , which had said that executions of children ages 1618 were sometimes legal. 

The first known "juvenile" (child under the age of 18) to be executed in America was Thomas Granger. In 1642, he was executed at age 16 or 17 for sodomy. Between 1642 and 2016, 364 juveniles have been executed in the United States. 

Until 1988, the Supreme Court had put no limits on how old a person had to be in order to be executed. This meant each state could set their own rules. In some states, the minimum age for execution was as low as 14. For example, in 1944, South Carolina executed a 14-year-old boy named George Stinney in the electric chair. Stinney was the youngest person in the United States to be convicted and executed during the 20th century.

Juvenile executions were much more common earlier on. However, between 1976 and 2005, twenty-two juveniles were executed.

The Supreme Court started to set some limits on juvenile executions in the late 1980s. In 1988, the Supreme Court ruled in "Thompson v. Oklahoma" that children under the age of sixteen could not be executed. However, the next year, in "Stanford v. Kentucky", the Court ruled that juveniles ages 16 and 17 could be given the death penalty.

The "Simmons" case started in Missouri in 1993. Christopher Simmons, who was 17, made a plan to murder a woman named Shirley Crook. He brought two younger friends, Charles Benjamin and John Tessmer, into the plan. They planned to break into Crook's house, steal things, tie Crook up, and throw her off a bridge. Tessmer dropped out of the plan at the last minute. However, Simmons and Benjamin broke into Crook's home, drove her to a state park, and threw her off a bridge.

Simmons and Benjamin were caught and put on trial. There was a lot of evidence of what they had done. Simmons had admitted to the murder. Tessmer testifid against Simmons and said Simmons had planned the crime ahead of time. (In American law, thinking about killing someone ahead of time makes the killing first degree murder.) The jury found Simmons guilty, and recommended a death sentence. The judge agreed.

Simmons appealed his conviction. Each appeals court which heard his case agreed with the original jury's death sentence. Then the United States Supreme Court decided in "Atkins v. Virginia" 536 U.S. 304 (2002) that executing people with intellectual disabilities was unconstitutional. Encouraged, Simmons filed a new petition to the Supreme Court of Missouri. That court decided that "a national consensus has developed against the execution of juvenile offenders," meaning that across the country, most Americans disagreed with executing juveniles. The court ruled that executing juveniles is cruel and unusual punishment, which violates the Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution. They changed Simmons' sentence from death to life in prison.

The State of Missouri appealed the decision to the United States Supreme Court. The Court agreed to hear the case.

This case divided the Supreme Court. In a vote of 5-4, they ruled that it is cruel and unusual punishment to execute people who were juveniles when they committed their crimes. This means that executing these people is against the Eighth Amendment, and is unconstitutional. This decision made it illegal for any state in the country to execute someone who was under the age of 18 when they committed their crime.

The Court had a few reasons for making this decision. First, they argued that juveniles are not as mature as adults. They wrote that there is a lot of research showing that:

The Court pointed out that most states realized these things, which is why they kept teenagers from voting, being on juries, or getting married without their parents' approval.

The Court also agreed with the Missouri Supreme Court that there was a "national consensus" against executing people who committed their crimes as juveniles.

Finally, the Court looked at what other countries in the world did. They wrote that:

When the Supreme Court decided "Roper", there were 72 other prisoners in the United States who were on death row because of crimes they committed as juveniles:

These people were not set free. However, their death sentences were automatically cancelled and they were sentenced to spend the rest of their lives in prison instead.


Peremptory challenge

A peremptory challenge is a right during voir dire (the process of selecting a jury) to reject a certain number of potential jurors without having to give a reason. The word "peremptory" means without a reason given; allowing no contradiction or refusal. Peremptory challenges may be made by either party to the proceedings. This kind of challenge has been more difficult to use because the Supreme Court of the United States has prohibited peremptory challenges (also called peremptory strikes) based on gender or race. Different jurisdictions allow different numbers of peremptory challenges to each side. Some jurisdictions allow additional peremptory challenges. In United States federal courts each side is allowed three peremptory challenges. Also, if there are more than two parties involved in the proceeding the court may allow additional challenges or restrict the number for all parties.

To insure an impartial jury, during voir dire, prospective jurors are questioned by the lawyers and the court. Either lawyer may challenge a juror for cause. Reasons may include the prospective juror's opinions on issues, personal knowledge of the case, their occupation or any reason to believe the juror may not be able to be fair. Unlike peremptory challenges, challenges for cause may not be limited to a certain number in most jurisdictions. The reason for either type of challenge is that each lawyer is trying to find jurors who are sympathetic to their case.

The peremptory challenge has its roots in Roman law. Both parties would propose up to 100 prospective jurors, then each could strike 50. This left a total of 100 jurors on the jury. In English common law, a prosecutor had an unlimited number of peremptory challenges while the defendant has 35. In 1305, the Parliament of England eliminated all peremptory challenges for the prosecution. In 1988, Parliament eliminated all peremptory challenges for the defense. Peremptory challenges came to the United States with the colonists and Common Law. Peremptory challenges remained much the same until the late 20th century.

The following observation is attributed to Mark Twain:
While the right to use peremptory challenges is not guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States, The Supreme Court has held peremptory challenges are "to assure the parties that the jurors before whom they try the case will decide on the basis of the evidence placed before them, and not otherwise."

Three Supreme Court decisions have shaped the modern peremptory challenge:

Batson v. Kentucky

Batson v. Kentucky, , was a landmark decision in which the United States Supreme Court ruled that a prosecutor's use of peremptory challenges in a criminal case may not be used to exclude jurors based solely on their race. The Court ruled that this practice violated the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. The case gave rise to the term "Batson challenge", an objection to a peremptory challenge. This is based on the standard established by the Supreme Court's decision in this case. Later decisions have resulted in the extension of "Batson" to civil cases. For example, in "Edmonson v. Leesville Concrete Company", the Court allowed private litigants to use this challenge. The Supreme Court also allowed it in cases are excluded on the basis of gender as in "J.E.B. v. Alabama ex rel. T.B.".
The principle had been established previously by several state courts, including the California Supreme Court in 1978, the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court in 1979 and the Florida Supreme Court in 1984.

James Kirkland Batson was an African American man convicted of burglary and receipt of stolen goods in a Louisville, Kentucky circuit court by a jury composed entirely of white jurors. The key part of his appeal was based on the "voir dire" (jury selection) phase of the trial. During this phase potential jurors are examined by the Court, the prosecution, and the defense, to determine their competence, willingness, and suitability to hear, deliberate and decide a case put to them in order to render a verdict. During "voir dire" the judge can dismiss jurors and both the prosecution and the defense have a limited number of peremptory challenges which they use to excuse any juror for any reason. Each side does this to help their case. Each side also may dismiss jurors for cause (for example, bias).

In "Batson", the judge dismissed several potential jurors for various causes. The defense peremptorily challenged nine potential jurors and the prosecution peremptorily challenged six, including all four black persons. As a result, only white persons were selected. The defense counsel moved to discharge the whole jury on the ground that the prosecutor's removal of the black jurors violated petitioner's rights under the Sixth and Fourteenth Amendments to a jury drawn from a cross section of the community, and under the Fourteenth Amendment to equal protection of the laws. Without expressly ruling on petitioner's request for a Hearing, the trial judge denied the motion, and the jury ultimately convicted the defendant.

The defendant appealed his conviction to the Kentucky Supreme Court, which upheld the conviction. That court cited "Swain v. Alabama", and held that a defendant claiming lack of a fair cross section must demonstrate systematic exclusion of a group of jurors from the panel of prospective jurors. That is, the defendant had to show that not just in his case, but as a process, juries in his community did not represent a cross section of that community. Batson continued his appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court, which granted "certiorari" to decide whether petitioner was tried "in violation of constitutional provisions guaranteeing the defendant an impartial jury and a jury composed of persons representing a fair cross section of the community."
In a 7–2 decision authored by Justice Lewis Powell, the Supreme Court ruled in Batson's favor. The court overruled "Swain v. Alabama" by lowering the burden of proof that a defendant must meet to make a "prima facie" case of purposeful discrimination. In "Swain", the Court had recognized that a "State's purposeful or deliberate denial to Negroes on account of race of participation as jurors in the administration of justice violates the Equal Protection Clause", but that the defendant had the burden of proving a systematic striking of black jurors throughout the county, that is, that the peremptory challenge system as a whole was being perverted. In "Batson" the court ruled that the defendant could make a "prima facie" case for purposeful racial discrimination in jury selection by relying on the record only in his own case. The Court explained: 
The Court also held that:

Justice Marshall, concurring with the majority, called the decision "historic" but added: "The decision today will not end the racial discrimination that peremptories inject into the jury-selection process. That goal can be accomplished only by eliminating peremptory challenges entirely."

In his dissenting opinion, Chief Justice Warren Burger argued that the court's decision in "Batson" "sets aside the peremptory challenge, a procedure which has been part of the common law for many centuries and part of our jury system for nearly 200 years". He believed the majority was replacing peremptory challenges with something very similar to challenge for cause, but was unclear in explaining the standard to be applied. "I am at a loss to discern the governing principles here," he wrote. "I join my colleagues in wishing the nation's judges well as they struggle to grasp how to implement today's holding."

Justice Rehnquist wrote that the majority misapplied equal protection doctrine: "In my view, there is simply nothing 'unequal' about the state using its peremptory challenges to strike blacks from the jury in cases involving black defendants, so long as such challenges are also used to exclude whites in cases involving white defendants, Hispanics in cases involving Hispanic defendants, Asians in cases involving Asian defendants, and so on."

Whether the principles of "Batson" applied retroactively to anyone convicted previously by juries whose racial composition was influenced by peremptory challenges not consistent with this opinion was for a time uncertain. In "Allen v. Hardy" (1986), the Court held that it did not apply retroactively to collateral review of final convictions. In "Griffith v. Kentucky" (1987), it decided it would apply it in cases on direct review.

The term "Batson challenge" describes an objection to opposing counsel's use of a peremptory challenge to exclude a juror from the jury pool based on criteria the courts have found disqualifying, as race was the sole rationale for exclusion in "Batson".

In some cases, parties have appealed a verdict or judgment and asked it be made invalid because one or more peremptory challenges excluded a recognizable group from the jury. Though the "Batson" decision addressed jury selection in criminal trials, in 1991 the Supreme Court later extended the same rule to civil trials in "Edmonson v. Leesville Concrete Company". In 1994, in "J.E.B. v. Alabama ex rel. T.B."., the Court held that peremptory challenges based on sex alone violated the standard established in "Batson" as well.


Polearm

Polearms were long sticks that had a blade on the side. They were similar to an axe, but much longer. They were also used by women in ancient Japan.

Citizenship in the United States

Citizenship in the United States means being a citizen of the United States. A person who has citizenship is called a citizen. Citizenship does not just mean that a person lives in the United States. United States citizenship gives people many rights, many protections, and also some duties. 

There are two ways that people can become citizens of the United States.

The first is called "birthright citizenship." Anybody who is born in the United States automatically becomes a United States citizen.

The second is called "naturalization." This is for people who were born outside the United States. A person becomes a "naturalized citizen" if they apply for citizenship and are approved.

Once a person is a naturalized citizen, they have all of the same rights, protections, and duties as a person who was born in the United States.

Being a United States citizen gives a person many rights. Here is a list of some of these rights.


Citizenship also comes with duties. Here are some of those duties.


Americans are permitted to formally abandon their citizenship, even if they do not possess another citizenship and become stateless as a result. Boris Johnson, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, was an American citizen because he was born there. He renounced his American citizenship in 2016. 5411 other Americans renounced their citizenship in the same year.


Gates v. Collier

Gates v. Collier, 501 F.2d 1291 (5th Cir. 1974), was a landmark case decided by a United States federal court called the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. The case had to do with the rights of prisoners at Mississippi State Penitentiary (usually called "Parchman").

"Gates v. Collier" is a very important case for prisoners' rights. It was the first case to rule that many types of physical punishment against prisoners are cruel and unusual punishment, and are against the Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution. It was also the first time that the Supreme Court started supervising how the country's prisons were being run.

The Eighth Amendment to the Constitution says that the state cannot give cruel and unusual punishments to anyone.

Parchman opened in 1903. At the prison, there was a program called the "trusty system." This was a system where some prisoners had more rights and freedoms than others. They also had power over the other inmates.

The Governor of Mississippi, James K. Vardaman, said the prison was run “like an efficient slave plantation.” Trusties had guns and were allowed to shoot at prisoners who stepped out of line. Other punishments were painful and severe. The prison also segregated (separated) black and white prisoners. 

For years, there were protests over civil rights abuses at Parchman. Eventually, civil rights lawyer Roy Haber began to collect evidence of the abuse. With Haber as their lawyer, four prisoners filed a lawsuit in federal court, saying that conditions at the prison were cruel and unusual. They said that prison trusties and guards punished and tortured prisoners in ways that were painful and humiliating on purpose.

The prisoners' lawsuit, "Gates v. Collier", 349 F. Supp. 881 (1972), went first to a federal court called the United States District Court N.D. Mississippi, Greenville Division. This court ruled strongly in favor of the prisoners
The court found that Parchman's trusties and guards gave many cruel and unusual punishments, including: 

The court ruled that the prison had violated the prisoner's rights under the First, Sixth, Eighth, and Fourteenth Amendments to the Constitution. The court ordered the prison to make many different changes to fix these abuses. It also ordered the prison to end the trusty system.

The state of Mississippi appealed this decision to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. However, the Fifth Circuit also agreed with the lower court's earlier decision. Federal Judge William C. Keady wrote that Parchman Farm had violated "modern standards of decency". He ordered an immediate end to all unconstitutional conditions and practices.

The Fifth Circuit Court ruled that Parchman was using cruel and unusual punishments on its prisoners. It was violating their rights to be protected by the laws which apply to prisoners, too. 

After the court decision, Parchman had to end its trusty system. It also stopped segregating its prisoners.

After the court decision, other states that used the trusty system had to stop using it too. These states included Arkansas, Alabama, Louisiana, and Texas.

This decision also set some important precedents. One is that even prisoners have the right to be protected from cruel and unusual punishment. Americans' constitutional rights do not all stop when a person goes to prison. It also limited the type of punishments that prisons can use.


Sher-e-Bangla Medical College

Sher-e-Bangla Medical College (SBMC), is a government medical school in Bangladesh, established in 1968. It is located in Barisal.

Construction began on the college on 6 November 1964, at that time it was known as Barisal Medical College.

There are three hostels for male students and two for the female students. Both male and female intern doctors have each one hostel for them.

Diaeresis

The diaeresis (plural: diaereses) is also spelled diæresis or dieresis. It is a diacritical mark: two dots ( ¨ ) put over a letter, usually a vowel.

It is most often used in this way:



Château de Saint Cloud

The Château de Saint Cloud was a château in Paris, France. It was sometimes called the Palace of Saint Cloud. It was burned down during the Franco-Prussian War in 1870. It was once a private property of Queen Marie Antoinette. Since December 2006, there has been a movement to rebuild the Château de Saint-Cloud.

The building was originally called the ""he Hôtel d'Aulnay"". In the 16h century, it was expanded into a château by the Gondi banking family. The estate was in the hands of the Gondi family till 1658. At that time it was bought by Philippe of France, Duke of Orléans, the only brother of Louis XIV of France. The estate remained the personal property of the descendants of Philippe of France. It was a country residence, as opposed to the Palais Royal in the center of Paris.

After negotiating for a long time, the Château de Saint-Cloud was bought in 1785 by Louis XVI. He bought it for Marie Antoinette. She thought that the air of Saint-Cloud would be good for her children. Louis Philippe, Duke of Orléans, who had not visited the château since his morganatic marriage to his mistress Madame de Montesson, sold it for 6,000,000 livres. Marie Antoinette started changing Saint-Cloud in 1787-1788. She used her preferred architect Richard Mique. He had also decorated parts of the Palace of Versailles for the queen. 

During the Second Empire, Emperor Napoléon III and Empress Eugénie held their imperial court at Saint-Cloud during the spring and the autumn. There was also a reception for Queen Victoria in honour of her 1855 visit to France. In 1859, a model railway was built in the private park. It was built for Napoléon, Prince Imperial, the 3-year-old son of emperor Napoléon III. 


Essential oil

An essential oil is a liquid from a plant. Essential oils contain chemical compounds that are useful for their scent. They are used in aromatherapy. Perfumes are made with essential oils.

Around the world, essential oils are being studied in modern clinical trials to test ancient claims of healing. They are being studied for their effectiveness as antibacterial agents, fungicides, insecticides, pain relief, stress reduction, and skin problems.

The name "essential oil" comes from theories in the Middle Ages of a fifth element. People than believed that there were four basic elements that everything was made of: fire, water, air and earth. The elusive "soul" of things was called the quintessential element or the fifth element. Over time, "quintessential" was shortened to "essential". Alchemists said that this element could change iron to gold. Some believed it held the planets in their orbits.

Most essential oils today are steam distilled. This process separates out the aromatic essential oils from the solid plant matter. With steam distillation, it can take thousands of pounds of plant matter to create just one liter of essential oil.

Other methods include expelling and solvent extraction. Expelling is using pressure to squeeze the essential oil out of the plant. This method is generally used for citrus oils. Solvent extraction uses substances such as carbon dioxide to extract the essential oil. This method is used for delicate plants such as rose and jasmine, which can be too fragile to go through the distillation process.

Birch

A birch tree is a thinleaved deciduous hardwood tree of the genus Betula. They are in the family Betulaceae, which also includes alders, hazels, and hornbeams.

"Betula" contains 30 to 60 species of which 11 are on the IUCN 2011 Green List of Threatened Species. They are usually rather short-lived pioneer species widespread in the Northern Hemisphere.

Brown v. Board of Education II

Brown v. Board of Education II (often called Brown II) was a Supreme Court case decided in 1955. The year before, the Supreme Court had decided "Brown v. Board of Education", which made racial segregation in schools illegal. However, many all-white schools in the United States had not followed this ruling and still had not integrated (allowed black children into) their schools. In "Brown II", the Court ordered them to integrate their schools "with all deliberate speed." 

In "Brown II", the Supreme Court also set out rules about what schools needed to do to de-segregate. Finally, it explained how the United States government would make sure the schools did de-segregate.

After the Supreme Court decided the original "Brown" case, it planned to hear arguments during its next court session about just how school de-segregation was going to happen. Segregation in United States schools had existed for centuries. The Court understood that it would not be easy to get the states to follow its ruling and de-segregate their schools. 

Also, in its ruling in "Brown", the Court had not given the states any instructions for "how" to end school segregation. The Court had also not given the states a deadline for "when" they needed to de-segregate their schools. These were all details that the Supreme Court needed to decide in "Brown II".

When it decided the original "Brown" case in 1954, the Supreme Court had combined "Brown" with four other cases. The Court decided all five cases together as one, which it called "Brown v. Board of Education". This meant that in "Brown II", the Court was again deciding about five different cases. These were:

There were a few legal questions that the Supreme Court had to decide in "Brown II". For example:

The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), whose lawyers had won "Brown", argued that school de-segregation should begin right away. The states argued back that this would be too difficult and too expensive, and that they needed more time to de-segregate.

In a 9-0 decision, the Supreme Court ordered the states to start trying to obey the "Brown" decision and de-segregate their schools. It ordered the states to start making plans about how they were going to integrate their schools.

However, the Court refused to order the schools to integrate right away, like the NAACP had wanted. It also did not set any clear deadline for when schools needed to be de-segregated. In the Court's majority opinion, Chief Justice Earl Warren wrote that the states should integrate "with all deliberate speed." 

To many people, it was not clear exactly what this meant. It also meant that the Court was denying relief to the black students in the "Brown" lawsuits. As constitutional law scholar Steven Emanuel explains:

Instead of ordering the states to de-segregate right away, the Court created a slower plan. It gave federal district courts the power to look after whether schools were de-segregating. Justice Warren wrote: "[These] courts will [make sure] that the defendants make a prompt and reasonable start" toward obeying "Brown."

"Brown II" did make it clear that schools in the United States would have to de-segregate. It also set out a process for making sure schools integrated, by giving federal district courts the power to supervise the schools, control how long they could have to de-segregate, and punish them if they refused to integrate.

However, many states, especially in the South, were able to avoid integrating their schools for years because "Brown II" did not set a specific deadline for integration. Justice Warren's ruling that schools needed to de-segregate "with all deliberate speed" was vague and could have many different meanings. States and schools that did not want to integrate chose meanings that gave them excuses not to let black students into their schools.

For example, based on the "Brown II" ruling, a federal district court ruled that Prince Edward County, Virginia, did not have to de-segregate its schools right away. Several years later, in 1959, a federal court of appeals ordered the county to start de-segregating its schools. Prince Edward County responded by refusing to fund (give any money to) the county's schools. With no money, the schools had to close. They stayed closed for five years, from 1959 to 1964.

Prince Edward County helped white students go to white-only private schools. Black students could not go to school at all, unless they moved to a different county. 

Finally, in 1964, the United States Supreme Court ruled that what Prince Edward County was doing was unconstitutional, and ordered the schools to re-open without segregation.


Joseph Weizenbaum

Joseph Weizenbaum (8 January 1923 - 5 March 2008) was a German-American mathematician and computer scientist. He was born in Berlin. He became famous for writing the program ELIZA, which simulated a doctor, in the 1960s. He also became well-known for having a critical attitude to what computers can and should do. Weizenbaum died of a stroke at age 85, in 2008.

Benjamin Franklin Tilley

Benjamin Franklin Tilley (March 29, 1848 in Bristol, Rhode Island – March 18, 1907 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was an admiral in the US Navy who served in the American Civil War and the Spanish-American War. He was the first acting governor of American Samoa. 

Black Hills

The Black Hills are a small mountain range from the Great Plains of North America in South Dakota.

Native Americans have a long history in the Black Hills. After conquering the Cheyenne in 1776, the Lakota took over the territory of the Black Hills. 

In 1868, the U.S. government signed the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1868. This exempted the Black Hills from all white settlement forever. 

But, when European Americans discovered gold there in 1874, miners swept into the area in a gold rush. The US government reassigned the Lakota, against their wishes, to other reservations in western South Dakota. Unlike most of South Dakota, the Black Hills were settled by European Americans from population centers to the west and south. Miners flocked there from earlier gold boom places in Colorado and Montana.

As the economy shifted from mining and logging, the tourism industry has grown. The Black Hills have two areas: "The Southern Hills" and "The Northern Hills". The Southern Hills is home to Mount Rushmore National Memorial, Wind Cave National Park, Jewel Cave National Monument, Harney Peak (the highest point in the United States east of the Rockies), Custer State Park (the largest state park in South Dakota, and one of the largest in the US), the Crazy Horse Memorial (the largest Mountain sculpture in the world), and the Mammoth Site in Hot Springs, the world’s largest mammoth research facility.

Corn Palace

The Corn Palace is an arena in Mitchell, South Dakota. The designs on the buildings are covered in corn and other grains.

The Corn Palace has concerts, sports events, exhibits and other community events. Each year, the Corn Palace is celebrated with a citywide festival, the Corn Palace Festival. Historically it was held at harvest time in September, but now it happens in August. Other popular annual events include the Corn Palace Stampede Rodeo in July and the Corn Palace Polka Festival in September. It is also where the Dakota Wesleyan University Tigers and the Mitchell High School Kernels basketball teams play their games.


Chaplain–Medic massacre

The Chaplain-Medic massacre was a crime in the Korean War. It happened on a mountain in South Korea. Thirty unarmed, and critically wounded United States Army soldiers and an unarmed chaplain were killed by people of the North Korean army during the Battle of Taejon.

Knossos

Knossos is a Bronze Age archaeological site on the island of Crete. It is at modern Heraklion. It may be Europe's oldest city.

Many Roman coins found on the site had 'Knosion' or 'Knos' on one side, and an image of a Minotaur or Labyrinth on the reverse. These are symbols from the myth of King Minos, supposed to have reigned at Knossos.

The excavations at Knossos began in 1900 by the English archaeologist Sir (1851–1941) and his team. They worked there for 35 years. The palace was excavated and partly restored. It was large. The team discovered two ancient scripts, called Linear A and Linear B. From the layering of the palace, Evans developed an idea of the civilization that used it, which he called Minoan. The palace was built over a previous Neolithic town. During the Bronze Age, the town surrounded the hill on which the palace was built.

The palace was abandoned at some unknown time at the end of the late Bronze Age, c. 1380–1100 BC, for reasons which are not known.

Imre Nagy

Imre Nagy (7 June 1896 - 16 June 1958) was a Hungarian communist politician. He was born in Kaposvár. He was chairman on two occasions. He was executed by hanging in Budapest.

Lee Trevino

Lee Buck Trevino (born September 1, 1939) is a retired American professional golfer who was born in Dallas, Texas.

China National Space Administration

The China National Space Administration (CNSA) is the national space agency of China, and is based in the Haidian District. It is in charge of the national space program and of managing different space-related activities.

Betts v. Brady

Betts v. Brady, , was a landmark case decided by the United States Supreme Court in 1942. The case had to do with "indigent" (poor) people who were on trial for crimes, but did not have enough money to pay for a lawyer. The Court ruled that a person did not need a lawyer to get a fair trial. They also ruled that the states did not have to pay for free lawyers for poor defendants.

In 1963, the Court reversed its decision in "Betts" when it decided "Gideon v. Wainwright", .

The Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution says that "In all criminal [trials], the accused shall ... have the assistance of counsel for his defence." ("Counsel" is another word for "lawyer.")

However, in the 1930s, the Supreme Court made a few decisions that decreased the number of United States citizens who had the right to a lawyer.

In 1932, the Court decided a case called "Powell v. Alabama", . They ruled that the states had to assign free lawyers to poor defendants, but "only" if they were being tried for capital crimes. (Capital crimes are crimes that can be punished with the death penalty.)

Then, in 1938, the Supreme Court ruled in "Johnson v. Herbst" that in "federal" courts, any person who was charged with a crime and could not pay for a lawyer had to be assigned a lawyer for free. However, the Court also ruled that the Sixth Amendment applied "only" to federal courts not to state courts.

This meant that if a person was charged with a crime in a "state" court, and he could not afford a lawyer, he would have to defend himself in court.

In 1941, Betts was indicted (formally charged) with robbery by a court in Maryland. Betts could not pay for a lawyer. He asked the court to assign him a free lawyer. The judge refused. He said the court only appointed free lawyers to people charged with rape or murder.

Betts had to defend himself, without the help of a lawyer. He argued that he had been in a different place at the time of the robbery. He called witnesses who said this was true. However, the judge did not believe Betts. He sentenced Betts to eight years in prison.

Betts filed a writ of habeas corpus with a Maryland appeals court. A writ of habeas corpus asks to be set free from unfair imprisonment. Betts argued that his imprisonment was unfair because he had not been given a lawyer. His petition was denied.

Next Betts filed a writ of habeas corpus to the Court of Appeals of Maryland, the most powerful court in Maryland. It also denied his petition.

Finally, Betts filed a request with the Supreme Court of the United States, asking them to hear his case. The Court agreed.

The "Betts" case brought up some important legal issues for the Court to decide. 

The Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution says that "In all criminal [trials], the accused shall ... have the assistance of counsel for his defence." 

Also, the Fourteenth Amendment says that no state can take away any person's "life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person ... the equal protection of the laws."

The Court had already decided that the right to have a lawyer applied to all people in federal criminal trials; people being tried by the states for rape or murder; and anyone who could pay for a lawyer. Now they needed to decide whether poor people had the right to have lawyers too, even if they could not pay for them. 

They also needed to decide these questions:

On June 1, 1942, the Supreme Court voted 63 against Betts. They ruled that his conviction was fair.

The Court ruled that having a lawyer was not a basic right. Usually, a defendant did not need a lawyer to get a fair trial, the Court said.

In their decision, the Court did rule that there were special cases where a court should assign a lawyer. In these special cases, not having a lawyer would make it difficult for a defendant to get a fair trial. In each case, the judge was supposed to talk to the defendant to figure out whether any of these "special circumstances" existed. For example, was the defendant mentally able to defend himself? Did he have enough education? Did he understand what happens during a trial?

For 21 years, "Betts" set a precedent that allowed individual courts and judges to decide whether poor people would be given lawyers or not.

Finally, in 1963, the Supreme Court decided a case called "Gideon v. Wainwright", . In the "Gideon" decision, the Court admitted that it made the wrong decision in "Betts". A lawyer "is" needed for a fair trial.


Magasa, Crete

Magasa, Crete is a settlement on Crete.

Mamba

A mamba is a fast-moving venomous snakes of the genus "Dendroaspis" (means "tree asp"). It belongs to the Elapidae family.

They are native to Africa. The black mamba is one of the well-known species and is also the most feared. Other members include the eastern green mamba, western green mamba and Jameson's mamba.

Most mambas are arboreal, meaning they live in trees. The only exception is the black mamba, which lives on land. All mamba species hunt during the day. They prey on birds, lizards and small mammals.

There are many stories of mambas chasing humans, but these snakes usually prefer to avoid contact with humans. Humans are actually their main predators, rather than prey.

Because mambas and cobras are in the same family, they share some similarities. Like the cobra, a mamba might display a hood when threatened. However, a mamba's hood is more narrow and is longer. A mamba usually opens its mouth when threatened, so they lean forward unlike the cobra which usually stands erect.

All mambas are very venomous. Their venom is mostly comprised of neurotoxins, which attack the nervous system. The venom can also contain cardiotoxins (which damage the heart muscle) and fasciculins (which cause muscle twitches).

The toxicity of the venom varies. Changes in the toxicity can even be caused by the weather or altitude.

All mamba species have similar venom, but the black mamba has the most toxic venom and is more aggressive. 

Untreated black mamba bites are fatal.

Chanel

Chanel is a French fashion company created by Coco Chanel (19 August 1883 – 10 January 1971).

It designs clothing, perfumes, luxury goods and jewellery, usually of simple design. It is widely known for the "little black dress" and Chanel No. 5 perfume.

Sea Shepherd Conservation Society

The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society (SSCS) is an American organization that works to protect marine life. It was founded in 1977 by activist Paul Watson, a former member of Greenpeace. One of the things they heavily campaign against is whaling.


LGBT rights in Canada

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) rights in Canada are some of the most advanced in the world. During the British North America era, same-sex relationships were illegal. They were punishable with capital punishment. Homosexual activity became legal in 1969. Same-sex marriage became legal in 2005.

Swinging (sexual practice)

Swinging is a human sexuality based on multi-partner relations. Both singles and partners engage with others for recreational purposes.

In contrast to an affair, both partners are consenting to sexual exchanges. These exchanges create a certain eroticism and even sexual arousal.

There are different types of swinging activities.

Neufchâtel-en-Bray

Neufchâtel-en-Bray is a commune of Seine-Maritime. It's famous as cheese production: the Neufchâtel.

Iris nebula

The Iris nebula is a reflection nebula in the constellation of Cepheus. It is about 1,300 light-years away from Earth.

Escobedo v. Illinois

Escobedo v. Illinois, , was a landmark United States Supreme Court case decided in 1964. The Court ruled that suspects in crimes have the right to have a lawyer with them while they are being questioned by the police. This case was decided just a year after the Court ruled in "Gideon v. Wainwright", , that indigent (poor) criminal defendants had a right to be assigned free lawyers at trial.

Danny Escobedo's brother-in-law, Manuel Valtierra, was shot and killed on the night of January 19, 1960. Escobedo was arrested without a warrant early the next morning and interrogated. However, Escobedo did not admit anything to the police, and was let go that afternoon. 

Another man named Benedict DiGerlando had also arrested, and the police thought he was another suspect. DiGerlando told the police that Escobedo's brother-in-law, Valtierra, treated Escobedo's sister badly. Because of this, Escobedo had shot and killed Valtierra, said DiGerlando.

On January 30, 1960, the police again arrested Escobedo, as well as his sister, Grace. While driving them to the police station, the police explained that DiGerlando had told them Escobedo was guilty. The police urged him and Grace to confess. Escobedo again refused.

Escobedo asked to speak to his lawyer, but the police refused. They said that although he was not formally charged with a crime yet, he was in police custody and could not leave. Escobedo's lawyer went to the police station and asked many times to see Escobedo, but was not allowed to.

Police and prosecutors interrogated Escobedo for fifteen hours. They made Escobedo stand, handcuffed, for the entire time. Escobedo continued to ask to speak with his lawyer, and they continued to refuse. Escobedo later said that the police promised him he could go free, and would not be charged with murder, if he just confessed to the crime. Finally, after "becoming more emotional," Escobedo said something about being connected with the crime. The police took this as an indirect confession.

At his murder trial, the prosecution used Escobedo's 'confession' as its most important evidence against him. A jury convicted Escobedo of murder and sentenced him to 20 years in prison.

Escobedo appealed his conviction to the Illinois Supreme Court. His trial lawyer refused to help him, so Escobedo wrote the appeal himself. However, after the Supreme Court got his appeal, he did receive a volunteer lawyer named Barry Kroll. Together, they argued that Escobedo's right to a lawyer had been violated and that his confession had been coerced (made because of pressure, lies, and threats).

At first, the Illinois Supreme Court agreed, and decided to give Escobedo a whole new trial. But later, it reversed its decision. The members of the court had changed their minds and decided Escobedo was guilty after all. They refused to reverse or change the original trial court's sentence.

Finally, Kroll and Escobedo appealed to the United States Supreme Court. The Court agreed to hear the case. 

The Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution says that "In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to ... the Assistance of Counsel for his defence."

The Court had already decided that people had the right to a lawyer during "trials". However, the Court had always thought that the Sixth Amendment's right to a lawyer applied to people only "after" they were "accused," once they were already "in... criminal prosecutions," as the Amendment itself says.

Now the Court had to decide:

The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) helped Kroll argue before the Court. They argued that the police violated not only Escobedo's Sixth Amendment rights, but also his Fourteenth Amendment rights.

The Fourteenth Amendment says that no state can take away any person's "life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person ... the equal protection of the laws." Escobedo's team argued that the police took away his freedom without due process or equal protection of the laws by:

Lawyers for Illinois argued that the police officers did the right thing when they refused to let Escobedo have a lawyer. According to the law and past Supreme Court cases, the right to a lawyer was not guaranteed until a person had actually been charged with a crime.

Illinois also argued that if the Court ruled in favor of Escobedo, the results for law enforcement could be terrible. If lawyers had to be at every interrogation, it would be almost impossible to get confessions.

The "Escobedo" case divided the Supreme Court. By a vote of 5-4, the Court ruled in favor of Escobedo. They threw out his conviction, and he went free.

The Court ruled that the Sixth Amendment does apply to police interrogations. In other words, people have the right to a lawyer when they are being questioned by the police.

Specifically, the Court ruled that the right to a lawyer begins before a person is charged with a crime. It begins when the police start treating a person like a suspect.

Justice Arthur J. Goldberg wrote the Court's majority opinion. He rejected the state of Illinois' argument that having lawyers around would be terrible for law enforcement. He wrote:
The "Escobedo" decision affected every police department, prosecutor, and court in the country:

"Escobedo" also added extra protections for suspects. It allows them to use their Sixth Amendment right to a lawyer as soon as they become a suspect, not just after they are charged with a crime.


Caldwell catalogue

The Caldwell catalogue is an astronomical catalogue of 109 objects. It includes star clusters, nebulae, and galaxies for observation by amateur astronomers. The list was compiled by English astronomer Patrick Moore as a complement to the Messier catalogue.

The Messier catalogue is used by amateur astronomers as a list of deep-sky objects for observation. However, it was not compiled for that purpose. It does not include many of the sky's brightest deep-sky objects, such as the Hyades, the Double Cluster (NGC 869 and NGC 884), and the Sculptor Galaxy (NGC 253). The Messier catalogue was compiled as a list of known objects that might be confused with comets. As Messier got his list from observations in Paris, it did not include bright deep-sky objects visible in the Southern Hemisphere, such as Omega Centauri, Centaurus A, the Jewel Box, and 47 Tucanae. 

So Moore compiled a list of 109 objects – to match the accepted number of Messier objects. The list was published in "Sky & Telescope" in December 1995.

Sunflower galaxy

The Sunflower galaxy (Messier 63 or NGC 5055) is a spiral galaxy in the constellation of Canes Venatici. It is about 37 million light-years away from Earth.

NGC 6334

NGC 6334 is an emission nebula and star-forming region in the constellation of Scorpius. It is about 5,500 light-years away from Earth.

NGC 1291

NGC 1291 is a ring galaxy in the constellation of Eridanus. It is about 33 million light-years away.

Ring galaxy

A ring galaxy is a kind of galaxy that has a ring shape. Hoag's Object and NGC 1291 are two examples. The ring is made up of many massive, young blue stars, which are extremely bright. The middle of the galaxy contains far less luminous matter. 

Some astronomers believe that ring galaxies are formed when a smaller galaxy passes through the center of a larger galaxy. Because galaxies are mostly made up of empty space, a collision rarely happens between stars. However, the gravitational disruptions could cause a wave of star formation to move through the larger galaxy. Other astronomers think that rings are formed around some galaxies when an accretion disc is formed. Star formation would then result from the shocks and compressions in the newly formed disc.

United States district court

The United States district courts are the trial courts of the federal court system. 

United States district courts hold trials, like state courts do. However, the Constitution only gives federal courts the power to hear certain kinds of cases. For example, federal courts can hear cases about:

Each trial is heard by a judge and decided by a jury. 

There are 94 U.S. district courts in the United States. Every district court also includes a bankruptcy court.

Each state (and Washington, D.C.) has at least one district court. So do four U.S. territories: Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, and the Northern Mariana Islands.

The next-most powerful federal courts are the United States Courts of Appeals. They are also called "appellate courts." There are 13 Courts of Appeals. The 94 district courts are organized into 12 larger areas, called "circuits." Each Court of Appeals deals with appeals filed in their circuit.

For example, the Districts of Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Maine, Rhode Island, and Puerto Rico are grouped together into the "First Circuit." If, for example, somebody wanted to appeal a decision made by the District Court of Massachusetts, they would write an appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.

The last choice for appealing a court decision is to file an appeal asking the United States Supreme Court to hear the case.

Here is a map that shows which circuit each United States District Court is in. States that are the same color are in the same circuit. Each circuit has a number on it for example, Texas, Louisiana, and Mississippi are in the 5th Circuit.

The dotted lines on the map also show the areas which the District Courts cover. On the map, some states have no dotted lines in them. This means there is only one District Court in that state. For example, Alaska has only one District Court: the District Court of Alaska. This court covers the entire state of Alaska.

Other states are divided into more than one district. The dotted lines on the map show where one district ends and another begins. For example, on the map, Washington is divided down the middle by a dotted line. Washington has two District Courts: the District Court for the Western District of Washington, and the District Court for the Eastern District of Washington.

Here is a list of information about all of the United States District Courts. Just like with the map, districts that are in the same circuit are the same color. The colors are the same as the map (for example, districts in the 8th Circuit are orange on the map and on the list). To sort this table, click on the little triangle on the top row of the table, in the column you want to sort by.


Swazi language

Swati (also known as Swazi) ( "SiSwati") is part of the Nguni group of Bantu languages. It is spoken by about 1.5 million people in Eswatini and South Africa. It is the official language of Eswatini and one of the eleven official languages in South Africa. It is taught in the schools of Eswatini, and in some South African schools. Swati is closely related to Phuthi, a language spoken in Lesotho, and to Zulu, Ndebele and Xhosa.

Swati has four main varietes: Shiselweni, Hhohho, Manzini and Shiselweni. They correspond with the four administrative regions of Eswatini.

Trusty system (prison)

The trusty system was a system that Mississippi State Penitentiary and other prisons used to control prisoners. In the trusty system, some prisoners were given more power than others. These trusties guarded the other prisoners.

The trusty system worked out well for prison officials because they did not have to pay civilian (non-prisoner) guards to control the prisoners. However, the trusties kept the other prisoners under control through physical abuse, torture, fear, and humiliation. Finally, in 1974, a federal court ruled that the trusty system, and the whole prison, were violating the United States Constitution by giving out cruel and unusual punishments. This ruling ordered the trusty system to be shut down.

Mississippi State Penitentiary was built in 1901. It was originally called Parchman Farm. Mississippi law said that the prison had to pay for itself "and" make a profit for the state. In other words, the prison had to pay for everything it needed itself, "and" make money for the state.

Basically, this meant Parchman was like a business for the state of Mississippi. It was like a business that used slave labor the state made money without having to pay for anything, including workers' salaries. In fact, one year, Parchman earned $180,000 for the state of Mississippi not including what it had to spend on itself. The Governor of Mississippi, James K. Vardaman, even said the prison was run “like an efficient slave plantation.” This hurt other local businesses, which did have to pay their workers and other costs.

The prison warden controlled the prison completely. Nobody from outside of the prison ever came in to see what was going on. Because of this, nobody outside the prison knew what Parchman was really like. For example, in 1911, the "New York Times" wrote an article congratulating the Mississippi prison system for figuring out how to keep people in prison and make money at the same time. Also, because no outsiders ever came into Parchman, the conditions and abuse at the prison changed very little from the time it opened in 1903 until the "Gates v. Collier" case forced it to change.

The prison had approximately of good farmland. Prisoners grew cash crops (crops which prison officials could sell to make money), like cotton. They also bred livestock.

As of 1973, there were about 1,900 inmates at Parchman. Two-thirds were black. Black and white inmates were kept apart. However, Mississippi law said that the prison could hire 150 staff members at most, so the prison would not cost too much. This meant there were about 13 inmates for every staff member. There just were not enough staff members to guard the prisoners, make the prison work every day, take care of the farm, and do everything else they needed to do.

With so few staff members, the inmates did all the farm work. Also, with so few guards, inmate trusties did most of the guardian and punishing other prisoners. Trusties also did most of the paperwork, office work, and cleaning. Basically, the trusties ran the prison system.

In the trusty system, some trusties had more power than others. The most powerful were the "trusty shooters." They were allowed to carry rifles and shoot at or around prisoners who made mistakes. Sometimes they hit them with their shots. They whipped prisoners who did not pick enough cotton in a day. They were in charge of the inmates' barracks, fields, and the farms. They could give punishment, and they could also suggest more punishment in the "special punishment area."

Very few people supervised what the trusty shooters did. For example, the farm's camps of black inmates were supervised by one white sergeant. Under him, black trusty shooters, who were serving sentences for murder, carried rifles and enforced discipline.

For years, there were protests over Parchman's abuse of prisoners' civil rights. Eventually, a civil rights lawyer named Roy Haber began to collect evidence of the abuse. With Haber as their lawyer, four prisoners filed a lawsuit in federal court, saying that conditions at the prison were cruel and unusual. They said that prison trusties punished and tortured prisoners in ways that were painful and humiliating on purpose.

A United States District Court, and then the more powerful Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, strongly agreed with the prisoners. Both courts ruled that Parchman was violating the prisoners' constitutional rights. Both courts found that trusties gave prisoners all kinds of cruel and unusual punishments, including:


The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ordered Parchman to end its trusty program; racial segregation at the prison; and all other cruel, unusual, and unconstitutional practices immediately.

After the court decision, other states that used the trusty system had to stop using it too. These states included Arkansas, Alabama, Louisiana, and Texas. However, some states, like Texas, continued to use trusty systems (renamed "building tenders") until the 1980s, when Federal Judge William Wayne Justice, in the case of "Ruiz v. Estelle", 503 F. Supp. 1265 (S.D. Tex. 1980), ordered Texas to end the system.


Ryan Drummond

Ryan Drummond (born January 10, 1973) is an American actor, voice actor, mime and comedian. He is best known for voicing Sonic the Hedgehog in several installments of the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series from 1998 to 2004. He is also known for being the bass vocalist in the A.Y.U. Quartet since 1991. He has been starring in a musical comedy in San Diego called "Forever Plaid".

Drummond married his wife, Lisa Drummond, on October 8, 2002. They live in San Francisco, California. He and his wife, Lisa Drummond, are divorced in 2019.


Instruction

Instruction(s) may refer to:

United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit

The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is one of the 13 appeals courts in the United States's federal court system. In case citations, the Court's name is abbreviated "5th Cir."

The Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit is the appeals court that has jurisdiction, or legal power, to review cases decided by less powerful courts in the 5th Circuit. These less powerful courts are called United States district courts. They are federal trial courts. If someone wants to appeal a decision that one of these courts made, they would have to appeal to the Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit.

These are the United States District Courts that are located in the 5th Circuit:


The Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit handles appeals from every one of these District Courts.

The Court has 17 judges. The main court building is located in the John Minor Wisdom United States Court of Appeals Building in New Orleans, Louisiana. The court clerk's office is at the Felix Edward Hébert Federal Building in New Orleans.

The Court met for the first time on June 16, 1891, in the Customs House in New Orleans.

The Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit decided a landmark case called "Gates v. Collier", which stopped the severe physical abuse of prisoners by "trustys" at Mississippi State Penitentiary (then called Parchman).


Steven Sample

Steven Browning Sample (November 29, 1940 – March 29, 2016) was the 10th president of the University of Southern California (USC). He became president in 1991 and was succeeded by C.L. Max Nikias on August 3, 2010.

Before he was president at USC, he held the same position at the University at Buffalo (UB) in the State University of New York (SUNY) system from 1982 to 1991. He was succeeded by William R. Greiner.

In 2001, Sample was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease, but said he still felt able to serve as president of USC. On March 29, 2016, Sample died at the age of 75. He had lived in San Marino, California.


United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit

The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (in case citations, 9th Cir.) is the largest of the 13 appeals courts in the United States's federal court system. It hears cases from federal trials courts in nine western states and two Pacific Island jurisdictions.

It is a U.S. Federal court with appellate jurisdiction over the district courts in the following districts:

It also has appellate jurisdiction over the following territorial courts:

Headquartered in San Francisco, California, the Ninth Circuit is by far the largest of the thirteen courts of appeals, with 29 active judgeships. The court's regular meeting places are in Seattle, Portland, San Francisco and Pasadena. Panels of the court occasionally travel to hear cases in other locations within the circuit. Although the judges travel around the circuit, the court arranges its hearings so that cases from the northern region of the circuit are heard in Seattle or Portland, cases from southern California are heard in Pasadena, and cases from northern California, Nevada, Arizona, and Hawaii are heard in San Francisco. For lawyers who must come and present their cases to the court in person, this administrative grouping of cases helps to reduce the time and cost of travel.

The large size of the current court is due to the fact that both the population of the western states and the geographic jurisdiction of the Ninth Circuit have increased dramatically since the U.S. Congress created the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in 1891. The court was originally granted appellate jurisdiction over federal district courts in California, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Oregon, and Washington. As new states and territories were added to the federal judicial hierarchy in the twentieth century, many of those in the West were placed in the Ninth Circuit: the newly acquired Territory of Hawaii in 1900, Arizona upon its admission to the Union in 1912, the Territory of Alaska in 1948, Guam in 1951, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in 1977.

The Ninth Circuit also had jurisdiction over certain American interests in China.

The Philippines were never under the Ninth Circuit's jurisdiction. Congress never created a federal district court in the Philippines from which the Ninth Circuit could hear appeals. Instead, appeals from the Supreme Court of the Philippines were taken directly to the Supreme Court of the United States.

In 1979, the Ninth Circuit became the first federal judicial circuit to set up a Bankruptcy Appellate Panel as authorized by the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978.
The cultural and political jurisdiction of the Ninth Circuit is just as varied as the land within its geographical borders. In a dissenting opinion in a rights of publicity case involving the "Wheel of Fortune" star Vanna White, Circuit Judge Alex Kozinski sardonically noted that "[f]or better or worse, we are the Court of Appeals for the Hollywood Circuit." Judges from more remote parts of the circuit note the contrast between legal issues confronted by populous states such as California and those confronted by rural states such as Alaska, Idaho, Montana, and Nevada.

Judge Andrew J. Kleinfeld, who maintains his judicial chambers in Fairbanks, Alaska, wrote in a letter in 1998: "Much federal law is not national in scope...It is easy to make a mistake construing these laws when unfamiliar with them, as we often are, or not interpreting them regularly, as we never do."


Action Comics

Action Comics is an current comic book series. Superman first appeared in it. It is one of the longest comic series in America. It started in 1938.

Ricardo Goulart

Ricardo Goulart Pereira or simply Ricardo Goulart (; born 5 June 1991), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao in the Chinese Super League as an attacking midfielder.

Mitigating factor

When a person commits a capital crime, a mitigating factor is something that might help the person avoid getting the death penalty. ("To mitigate" means "to decrease." A "factor" is something that causes something else. So, in law, a mitigating factor is something that can cause punishment to decrease.)

Mitigating factors do not automatically result in decreased punishment. Judges and juries also think about aggravating factors things that are likely to cause a more severe punishment.

Also, mitigating factors are not an excuse for committing a crime. They may help explain what caused a person to commit a crime, but they do not mean the person did nothing wrong.

Sixteen countries in Africa have "abolished" the death penalty (made it illegal in the country). Another 22 countries have not used the death penalty in over 10 years, or have a moratorium (a temporary stop) on the death penalty.

According to Cornell University's Law School, as of 2015, only one of the countries in Africa that still uses the death penalty has laws about mitigating factors. That country is Botswana.

In Botswana, a person convicted of murder is given the death penalty unless they can show mitigating factors. However, the law in Botswana does not say what these mitigating factors could be, or give examples. This means it is up to each individual judge to decide whether something is a mitigating factor.

For example, in the past, judges have decided that mitigating factors include:
The law in Botswana does not allow judges to consider mitigating factors from "before" the murder. For example, if a person was abused as a child, or was abused by their victim, these could not count as extenuating circumstances. Only things that happened right at the time of the murder are considered as mitigating factors.

Nine countries in Africa that use the death penalty have mandatory death sentences for certain crimes. This means courts will not consider any mitigating factors, no matter what.

These countries are:
Only two countries in the Americas have executed a person in the past ten years: the United States and St. Kitts and Nevis. The rest have abolished the death penalty or have a moratorium in place.

St. Kitts and Nevis's last execution was in 2008.

St. Kitts and Nevis allows the death penalty for murder or treason. One of the country's Supreme Court decisions said that the death penalty must only be used with "the most exceptional and extreme cases of murder." However, the law does not seem to define what makes a murder "exceptional" and what mitigating factors might prevent the death penalty.

St. Kitts and Nevis does have a law against executing people who were under age 18 when they committed their crime.

In the United States, mitigating factors are very important in death penalty cases. Mitigating factors can help prosecutors decide whether to ask for the death penalty. Also, the United States Supreme Court has ruled several times that judges and juries must think about mitigating factors before deciding on a sentence.

The United States Supreme Court has made the mandatory death penalty illegal. To be fair, the Court ruled, each judge or jury has to think about whether an individual defendant deserves the death penalty.

Here are some examples of the most common mitigating factors in federal and state laws:

Fourteen of the countries in the Asia-Pacific region that use the death penalty have the mandatory death penalty for certain crimes.

These countries are:
In 1968, a 19-year-old named Norio Nagayama murdered four people in Japan. The Japanese Supreme Court sentenced him to death. In the same ruling, the Supreme Court set out nine different things that Japanese courts needed to think about before sentencing a person to death:
However, these nine things are not all equal. For example, a person could have five mitigating factors (they were young, they felt terrible about the crime, and so on). However, if the victim's family very much wanted the killer to get the death penalty, the judge might order the death penalty anyway. In this Japanese system, mitigating factors do not "outweigh" aggravating factors.

In the late 1990s, China started working on making punishments fit the crime, instead of requiring the death penalty automatically for many crimes. For example, in 1999, China's Supreme People's Court ruled that the death penalty should not be used if there were mitigating circumstances for example, if a murder victim did something to cause the crime or make the situation worse.

In 2012, China wrote new rules for sentencing criminals. They include stricter rules for sentencing, so judges have a few specific choices for sentences. Then they can think about mitigating factors (and aggravating factors) to decide which of these choices fits the crime the best. Examples of mitigating factors under these new rules include surrendering and confessing to police.

In its own words, the Supreme People's Court said in a 2004 report that they had worked as hard as they could to make sure "that the death penalty shall only be applied to a very small number of criminals who have committed extremely serious crimes."

Political scholar Benjamin MacQueen writes that some Middle Eastern countries, like Algeria, give "mitigated sentences" to people who belong to terrorist groups or the insurgency (groups fighting against different governments in the Middle East. These people get they death sentences cancelled, and their prison sentences cut by years or even decades, he says. This way, the state and prison officials can look like they were doing nothing wrong; they were just letting people out early for behaving well in jail. At the same time, the terrorists and insurgents could go back to fighting, and the states could support them without looking like they really were.

As of January 2016, Belarus is the only country in Europe or Central Asia that still uses the death penalty. Some other countries still have death penalty laws, but they have not used the death penalty in over 10 years, or they have a moratorium (a temporary stop) on the death penalty. Outside of Belarus, nobody has been executed in Europe since 1997.

The European Union is strongly against the death penalty, and fights for this punishment to be ended throughout Europe. Any country that wants to be in the European Union must first end the death penalty in their country.

The law in Belarus allows the death penalty for murder, terrorism that causes death, treason, war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide.

The only mitigating factor listed in Belarus's laws is mental illness. If a person becomes mentally ill after being sentenced, and they cannot understand or control their behavior, they are not given the death penalty. However, if they recover, they are executed, no matter how long it has been.

The law in Belarus also lists some groups of people that cannot be executed, no matter what. These groups include:

Since the end of the Nuremberg Trials after World War II, the major international courts in the world have outlawed the death penalty in their courts. For example, in 1993, the United Nations set up an International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (which is still prosecuting people as of 2016). In 1994, the United Nations Security Council set up the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to look into and punish crimes committed during the Rwandan Genocide. Neither of these courts were allowed to hand out death sentences.

In 1998, the International Criminal Court was created as a permanent international. Its job is to look into and try war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide, wherever in the world they happen. However, no matter how bad these crimes are, the ICC is not allowed to use the death penalty as a punishment.

Selkirk Transit

Selkirk Transit is a public transit system based in Selkirk, Manitoba. The operators are Selkirk and District handi bus.

Grande west Vicinity+1 

New Flyer XE40 {Part of the rapid transit commuter line owned by Winnipeg} 

CHEVY/ARBOC? 

Vicinity B30A

In 2011, Selkirk Transit started with a cutaway bus.

In 2016, they have a big 30-foot bus.

In 2020 they will get an XE40 from New flyer as part of the Rapid transit commuter line owned by Winnipeg

 

Selkirk, Manitoba

Selkirk is a Town in Manitoba. It is west of Winnipeg. It was named after the 5th Earl of selkirk. It was incorporated as a Town in 1882 and as a CITY in 1998 and as a Town again in 2018

At the 2016 census, Selkirk's population was 10,278.

The Town of Selkirk has 2 taxi services: Wills Taxi and First Rate Taxi.

It also has Selkirk Transit and Selkirk Mobility.

Selkirk has many businesses. These include McDonald's, Dairy Queen, and A&W. It also has Sterling Press and International Pipe.

Andrew Murray lives in Selkirk.

Selkirk is home to The MJHL Selkirk Steelers and the KJHL Selkirk Fishermen.

Dan Green

James Hadley "Jay" Snyder (born February 7, 1970) also known by his stage name as Dan Green, is an American voice actor, voice director and script adapter who is known for his work with 4Kids Entertainment, DuArt Film and Video, NYAV Post and Central Park Media. He is best known for his voice work as Yugi Mutou in the "Yu–Gi–Oh!" franchise and as Knuckles the Echidna in "Sonic X" and in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" video game franchise from 2005 to 2010.

He married his wife Michal Lura Friedman, a singer and fellow voice actress in 2008. they were married for four years until her death in 2011, from complications during childbirth. They have two children, Jackson James Snyder and Reverie Vivian Snyder.

United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit

The United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit is one of the 13 appeals courts in the United States's federal court system. In case citations, the Court's name is abbreviated "1st Cir."

The Court of Appeals for the 1st Circuit is the appeals court that has jurisdiction, or legal power, to review cases decided by less powerful courts in the 1st Circuit. These less powerful courts are called United States district courts. They are federal trial courts. If someone wants to appeal a decision that one of these courts made, they would have to appeal to the Court of Appeals for the 1st Circuit.

These are the United States District Courts that are in the 1st Circuit:

The Court is based at the John Joseph Moakley Federal Courthouse in Boston, Massachusetts.

The First Circuit is the smallest of the thirteen United States courts of appeals. As of 2016, the Court has six full-time judges and six judges on senior status. Senior status is like being partly retired. Three of the Senior Judges do not hear any cases. The others may hear cases if they choose to.

Since he retired from the United States Supreme Court, Justice David Souter regularly sits on the First Circuit "by designation." This means he is a visiting judge who comes to hear cases at the First Circuit, to add his knowledge and experience.

The Court usually "sits" (meets at the Courthouse and hears cases) for one week a month, eleven months per year. Court sittings are held in the mornings, usually between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM (EST). For one month out of the year either July or August the Court takes a summer break and does not meet.

This is the Court's normal schedule:

On March 3, 1891, the United States Congress created the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Congress approved two judgeships for the Court (it allowed two judges to sit on the Court).

On January 28, 1915, Congress passed a law that added the District of Puerto Rico to the First Circuit. The law said that the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit would hear appeals from Puerto Rico's district court.

Over time, Congress approved more full-time judgeships for the Court:


Zomi Baptist Church

The Zomi Baptist Church is a christian believer church. In India the Zomi Baptist Church (ZBC) was established in 1982. 

The ZBC headquarters is at Champhai, India. In Myanmar the ZBC is known as ZBCM (Zomi Baptist Church in Myanmar). Nowadays the ZBC is also present in the United States (Tulsa) and other countries in the world.

Browder v. Gayle

Browder v. Gayle, 142 F. Supp. 707 (1956), was a case heard before a three-judge panel of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama on Montgomery and Alabama state bus segregation laws. The District Court ruled 2-1, with one dissenting, on June 5, 1956 that bus segregation was unconstitutional under the Fourteenth Amendment protections for equal treatment.

The state and city appealed, and the decision was upheld by the United States Supreme Court on November 13, 1956. A motion for clarification and for rehearing was denied on December 17, 1956.

About two months after the Montgomery Bus Boycott began, civil rights activists reconsidered the case of Claudette Colvin. She was a 15-year-old girl who had been the first person arrested in 1955 for refusing to give up her seat on a Montgomery, Alabama bus. Black leaders had been looking for a test case to test the constitutionality of the segregation laws of the state of Alabama and the city of Montgomery. One of the attorneys, Clifford Durr, was concerned that an appeal of Mrs. Rosa Parks' case would get tied up in the Alabama state courts. They needed a way to get directly to the federal courts. Colvin and several others who were discriminated against on Montgomery busses, agreed to become plaintiffs in a federal civil action lawsuit, thus bypassing the Alabama court system. The bus company said segregation was valid on "privately owned busses" which operated according to the laws of the city and state.

On February 1, 1956, the case of "Browder v. Gayle" was filed in U.S. District Court. Browder was a Montgomery housewife; W. A. Gayle was the mayor of Montgomery.

On June 13, 1956, the District Court ruled that "the enforced segregation of black and white passengers on motor buses operating in the City of Montgomery violates the Constitution and laws of the United States," because the conditions deprived people of equal protection under the Fourteenth Amendment. The court further enjoined the state of Alabama and city of Montgomery from continuing to operate segregated buses.

The case was not completed until it was heard later that year by the US Supreme Court, as the state and city appealed the decision. On November 13, 1956, the Supreme Court upheld the District Court's ruling and ordered the state of Alabama (and Montgomery) to desegregate its buses. One month later on December 20, after Mayor Gayle was handed official written notice by federal marshals, the Montgomery buses were desegregated.

Grace Poe

Grace Poe (born September 3, 1968) is the adopted daughter of Filipino actors Susan Roces and Fernando Poe, Jr. She served as chairperson of the Movie and Television Review and Classification Board (MTRCB) from 2010 to 2012 and in the Philippine Senate since 2013.


Miriam Defensor Santiago

Miriam Defensor Santiago (June 15, 1945 – September 29, 2016) is a Filipino politician, known for having served in all three branches of the Philippines government – judicial, executive, and legislative. Defensor Santiago was named one of The 100 Most Powerful Women in the World in 1997 by "The Australian".

Leni Robredo

Maria Leonor Gerona Robredo (born April 23, 1965) is a Filipina lawyer and politician. She was the 14th Vice President of the Philippines from June 30, 2016 tó June 30, 2022. She served under Rodrigo Duterte.

Robredo is the widow of the Philippines Interior Secretary Jesse Robredo. She served as Member of the House of Representatives from Camarines Sur's Third District. She is a member of the Liberal Party. 

In October 2021, Robredo announced her candidacy for president of the Philippines in the 2022 election. She came in second place in the general election in May 2022.

Risa Hontiveros

Risa Hontiveros (born February 24, 1966) is a Filipino socialist activist and journalist, who was the representative of Akbayan in the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 2004 to 2010. She is the older sister of journalists and television hosts Gringgay and Pia Hontiveros.

Leila de Lima

Leila de Lima (born August 27, 1959) is a Filipino lawyer. She was appointed by President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo as Chairperson of the Commission on Human Rights on May 2008 and served until June 30, 2010 when she resigned and appointed by President Benigno Aquino III as Secretary of the Philippine Department of Justice. She resigned October 12, 2015 to focus on her candidacy for the Senate in the 2016 election.

Reconstruction Amendments

The Reconstruction Amendments are the Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth amendments to the United States Constitution, adopted between 1865 and 1870, the five years immediately following the Civil War. The amendments were important in carrying out the reconstruction of the southern states after the war. Many northern politicians saw them as changing the United States from a country that was (in Abraham Lincoln's words) "half slave and half free" to one in which the constitutionally guaranteed "blessings of liberty" would be extended to all the people, including the former slaves and their descendants.

The Thirteenth Amendment (proposed and ratified in 1865) abolished slavery. The Fourteenth Amendment (proposed in 1866 and ratified in 1868) created the privileges and immunities clause, applicable to all citizens; and made the due process and equal protection clauses applicable to all persons. The Fifteenth Amendment, (proposed in 1869 and ratified in 1870) prohibits discrimination in voting rights of citizens on the basis of "race, color, or previous condition of servitude." 

The Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution abolished slavery and involuntary servitude, except as punishment for a crime. It was passed by the U.S. Senate on April 8, 1864. The U.S. House of Representatives passed it on January 31, 1865. The measure was swiftly ratified by all but three Union states (the exceptions were Delaware, New Jersey, and Kentucky), and by a sufficient number of border and "reconstructed" Southern states. It was ratified by December 6, 1865. On December 18, 1865, Secretary of State William H. Seward proclaimed it to have been incorporated into the federal Constitution. It became part of the Constitution 61 years after the Twelfth Amendment. This is the longest interval between constitutional amendments to date.

The Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution was proposed by Congress on June 13, 1866. By July 9, 1868, it had received ratifications by the legislatures of the required number of states in order to officially become the Fourteenth Amendment. On July 20, 1868, Secretary of State William Seward certified that it had been ratified and added to the federal Constitution. The amendment addresses citizenship rights and equal protection of the laws. It was proposed in response to issues related to treatment of freedmen following the war. The amendment was bitterly opposed, particularly by Southern states, which were forced to ratify it in order for their delegations to be able to return to Congress. The Fourteenth Amendment, particularly its first section, is one of the most litigated parts of the Constitution. It formed the basis for landmark decisions such as "Roe v. Wade" (1973), regarding abortion, and "Bush v. Gore" (2000), regarding the 2000 presidential election.

The Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution prohibits the federal and state governments from denying a male citizen the right to vote based on that citizen's "race, color, or previous condition of servitude". It was ratified on February 3, 1870, as the third and last of the Reconstruction Amendments.

By 1869, amendments had been passed to abolish slavery and provide citizenship and equal protection under the laws. But the narrow election of Ulysses S. Grant to the presidency in 1868 convinced a majority of Republicans that black voters would be important for the party's future. After rejecting more sweeping versions of a suffrage amendment, Congress proposed a compromise amendment banning restrictions on the basis of race, color, or previous servitude on February 26, 1869. The amendment survived a difficult ratification fight and was adopted on March 30, 1870. After blacks gained the vote, the Ku Klux Klan directed some of their attacks to disrupt their political meetings and intimidate them at the polls, to suppress black participation. In the mid-1870s, there was a rise in new insurgent groups, such as the Red Shirts and White League, who acted on behalf of the Democratic Party to violently suppress black voting. While white Democrats regained power in southern state legislatures, through the 1880s and early 1890s, numerous blacks continued to be elected to local offices in many states, as well as to Congress as late as 1894.

From 1890 to 1910, all the states of the former Confederacy passed new constitutions and other laws that found new methods to get around the Fifteenth Amendment, such as poll taxes, residency rules, and literacy tests administered by white staff, sometimes with exemptions for whites via grandfather clauses. When challenges reached the Supreme Court, it interpreted the amendment narrowly, ruling based on the stated intent of the laws rather than their practical effect. The results in voter suppression were dramatic, as voter rolls fell: nearly all blacks, as well as tens of thousands of poor whites in Alabama and other states, were forced off the voter registration rolls and out of the political system, effectively excluding millions of people from representation. Democratic state legislatures passed racial segregation laws for public facilities and other types of Jim Crow restrictions. During this period of political struggle, the rate of lynchings in the South reached an all-time high.

In the twentieth century, the Court interpreted the amendment more broadly, striking down grandfather clauses in "Guinn v. United States" (1915). It took a quarter century to finally dismantle the white primary system in the "Texas primary cases" (1927–1953). With the South having become a one-party region after the disfranchisement of blacks, Democratic Party primaries were the only competitive contests in the states. But Southern states reacted rapidly to Supreme Court decisions, often devising new ways to continue to exclude blacks from voter rolls and voting; most blacks in the South did not gain the ability to vote until after passage of the mid-1960s federal civil rights legislation and beginning of federal oversight of voter registration and district boundaries. The Twenty-fourth Amendment (1964) forbade the requirement for poll taxes in federal elections; by this time five of the eleven southern states continued to require such taxes. Together with the US Supreme Court ruling in "Harper v. Virginia State Board of Elections" (1966), which forbade requiring poll taxes in state elections, blacks regained the opportunity to participate in the American political system.

These amendments were intended to guarantee freedom to former slaves and to prevent discrimination in civil rights to former slaves and all citizens of the United States. The promise of these amendments was lessened by state laws and federal court decisions over the course of the 19th century. In 1876 and later, some states passed Jim Crow laws that limited the rights of African-Americans. Important Supreme Court decisions that undermined these amendments were the "Slaughter-House Cases" in 1873, which prevented rights guaranteed under the Fourteenth Amendment's privileges or immunities clause from being extended to rights under state law; and "Plessy v. Ferguson" in 1896 which originated the phrase "separate but equal" and gave federal approval to Jim Crow laws. The full benefits of the Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth amendments were not realized until the Supreme Court decision in "Brown v. Board of Education" in 1954 and laws such as the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965.

Adrienne Corri

Adrienne Corri (13 November 1930 – 13 March 2016) was a British actress. She was known for her role as Mrs. Alexander in Stanley Kubrick's "A Clockwork Orange".

Corri died at her home in London on 13 March 2016 from coronary artery disease at the age of 84.


Shozo Awazu

Shozo Awazu (18 April 1923 – 17 March 2016) was a Japanese master of judo. He won the rank of Kōdōkan 9th Dan. He led the development of judo in France. He was born in Kyoto, Japan. Awazu was considered to be one of the top experts in ne waza (grappling techniques), kata and tandoku-renshu.

Awazu died in Paris, France on 17 March 2016 at the age of 92.

Miguel Hernández Agosto

Miguel Hernández Agosto (April 5, 1927 – March 18, 2016) was a Puerto Rican politician. He worked with the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). He started his political career as a Cabinet member, but eventually became a Senator at-large. Hernández Agosto served as President of the Senate of Puerto Rico for 12 years (1981-1993).

Agosto died in San Juan, Puerto Rico on March 18, 2016 at the age of 88.


Richard Bradford (actor)

Richard Bradford (October 31, 1934 – March 22, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his lead role as former CIA agent turned private eye McGill in the British TV adventure series "Man in a Suitcase", made by ITC in 1967. He was born in Tyler, Texas.

Bradford died on March 22, 2016 at the age of 81.


Maggie Blye

Maggie Blye (October 24, 1942 – March 24, 2016) was an American actress. She was born in Houston, Texas. She was in the 1967 Paul Newman movie "Hombre" and the 1969 version of "The Italian Job". Her later television roles included "The Rockford Files", "Hart to Hart" and "".

Blye died on March 24, 2016 from cancer at her home in West Hollywood, California, aged 73.


Roger Cicero

Roger Marcel Cicero Ciceu (6 July 1970 – 24 March 2016) was a German jazz and pop musician. He was born in Berlin, Germany. Cicero represented Germany at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki his song "Frauen regier'n die Welt" (Women rule the world). He finished 19th. Cicero made his movie debut in "Hilde" (2009) as musician Ricci Blum.

Cicero died of a stroke in Hamburg, Germany on 24 March 2016, aged 45.

Esther Herlitz

Esther Herlitz (, 9 October 1921 – 24 March 2016) was an Israeli diplomat and politician. She served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1973 and 1977 and again from 1979 until 1981. She was also Israel's first female ambassador, having been appointed as the country's ambassador to Denmark in 1966.

Herlitz died on 24 March 2016 in Tel Aviv at the age of 94.

Marie-Claire Kirkland

Marie-Claire Kirkland-Casgrain (September 8, 1924 – March 24, 2016) was a Canadian lawyer, judge and politician. She was the first woman elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec. She was the first woman appointed a Cabinet minister in Quebec, the first woman appointed acting premier, and the first woman judge to serve in the Quebec Provincial Court.

On March 24, 2016, she died at the age of 91.

Tibor R. Machan

Tibor Richard Machan (; 18 March 1939 – 24 March 2016) was a Hungarian-born American philosopher. He was the professor emeritus in the department of philosophy at Auburn University. Machan held the R. C. Hoiles Chair of Business Ethics and Free Enterprise at the Argyros School of Business & Economics at Chapman University in Orange, California until December 31, 2014.

On 24 March 2015, he died at the age of 77.

In re Gault

In re Gault, , was a landmark case decided by the Supreme Court of the United States in 1967. The Court ruled that juveniles (children and teenagers) have the same rights as adults when they are accused of a crime. For example, they have due process rights, like the right to have a lawyer, when they are being questioned by the police, and when they are on trial.

The Court's ruling in this case was so important for children's rights that Justice Earl Warren said it would become "the Magna Carta for juveniles."

In the four years before the Supreme Court decided "In re: Gault", the Court also decided some other very important cases about due process rights the rights people have when they are accused of a crime. However, these rulings did not apply to children who were being tried in juvenile courts. The case was argued by Norman Dorsen in favor of the juveniles.

The Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution says that "In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to ... the Assistance of Counsel for his defence." ("Counsel" is a legal word for "lawyer.")

Also, the Fourteenth Amendment says that no state can take away any person's "life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person ... the equal protection of the laws."

Based on these two amendments, the Supreme Court decided these landmark cases:


These decisions, however, only applied to adult courts. While the Constitution never says that its rights are only for adults, American courts had never given juveniles the same due process rights as adults.

In the United States' court system, there are separate courts for children who are accused of committing crimes or having behavior problems. These are called "juvenile courts."

Every state has its own laws about their juvenile courts. However, usually, if the judge rules that the child is "delinquent," the judge can make that child a "ward of the court." This means the judge is putting the court in charge of the child, and taking that power away from the child's parents. For the worst crimes, the court can decide to put the child in a special school, juvenile prison, or other program away from home, and keep them there until they turn 21.

At the time that Gerald Gault was arrested, juveniles had very few rights in the juvenile justice system. For example, they could be put in jail without a trial, or without even knowing what crime they were being charged with.

On June 8, 1964, a police officer arrested Gerald Gault, a fifteen-year-old. The sheriff did not tell Gault's parents that he had been arrested. He was arrested after a neighbor named Ora Cook who complained that she received an obscene, vulgar phone call. At the time, Gault was on probation. He had been put on probation for six months, starting February 25, 1964, for being with another boy who stole a woman's wallet.

Meanwhile, Gault's mother came home and realized he was missing. She eventually found him at the county Children's Detention Home, but was she not allowed to take him home. Without being charged with a crime, Gault had been put in a juvenile jail.

Gault has always said that his friend Ronald Lewis made the call to Cook from the Gault family's trailer. In 2007, Gault said that once he heard what Lewis said, he kicked Lewis out.

The next morning, Gault had his first court hearing, in front of Judge McGhee. Judge McGhee usually worked in the Gila County Superior Court (an adult court), but was working in the juvenile court that day.

At the end of the hearing, Judge McGhee said he would think about what to do, and sent Gault back to jail. Gault was kept in jail for a few more days, then was sent home. Nobody ever explained why he was kept in jail or why he was let go. The day he came home, his mother got a note saying that Judge McGhee had ordered another hearing.

At the second hearing, McGhee ruled that Gault was "a delinquent child." This meant Gault had broken a state law. McGhee ordered Gault to be sent to the State Industrial School until he turned 21, unless the court decided to let him out before then. This punishment was based on a charge of "Lewd Phone Calls." If Gault had been convicted of the same crime as an adult, the Arizona laws would have allowed a maximum punishment of two months in prison and a fine of $5 to $50.

Gault's accuser, Mrs. Cook, was not at either hearing, even though Mrs. Gault had asked for her to come so she could identify whether Gerald or his friend had made the phone calls. Judge McGhee had said "she didn't have to be present." Judge McGhee had never told Gault's parents that they could bring a lawyer to the hearings or call witnesses to defend Gerald.

Also, nobody wrote a transcript (a record of exactly what was said) during either hearing. Because of this, there was no proof of what Gault or Judge McGhee said during these hearings. Later, Judge McGhee said Gault admitted to saying something "lewd" to Mrs. Cook. Both of Gault's parents insisted that Gerald never admitted to doing anything wrong.

At the time, Arizona law did not allow juvenile cases to be appealed. Gault's parents hired a lawyer named Amelia Lewis, who petitioned the Arizona Supreme Court for a writ of habeas corpus. This means they asked the Supreme Court to let Gerald go because his imprisonment was unfair. The Supreme Court sent the case to the Arizona Superior Court, a regular trial court, for a habeas corpus hearing. This hearing would decide whether Gault was sent to juvenile prison unfairly.

The hearing was held on August 17, 1964. The Gaults' lawyer questioned Judge McGhee about the legal reasons for his actions. She asked McGhee to explain what laws he had used to find Gerald "delinquent."

McGhee gave several answers:

Judge McGhee also said that Gerald was already on probation. This played a part in his decision, he said.

The court dismissed the habeas corpus petition. It ruled that Judge McGhee had enough evidence and legal reasons to send Gault to jail.

Next, Amelia Lewis and the Gaults appealed to the Arizona Supreme Court (99 Ariz. 181 (1965)). They had two main arguments. They argued that Gerald's conviction was not legal because he was not given the due process rights in the Constitution. They also argued that the state's set of juvenile laws, the Arizona Juvenile Code, was unconstitutional because it did not include these due process rights.

The Arizona Supreme Court ruled against the Gaults. They said that neither the Juvenile Code or Gerald's conviction violated due process.

Under United States law, the Gaults had only one legal option left. This option was to appeal to the United States Supreme Court, but to do this, they would need more lawyers, and that would be expensive. However, lawyers from the Arizona chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) got involved and worked with Amelia Lewis on the Supreme Court appeal. On December 16, 1966, they went before the Supreme Court.

The Supreme Court had to answer three important legal questions in this case: a specific question, a general question, and a question that would affect every juvenile and court in the country.:

On May 15, 1967, the Supreme Court voted 81 in favor of the Gaults. They ruled that Gerald's due process rights "were" violated.

Justice Abe Fortas wrote the Court's majority opinion. He wrote:
Justice Fortas pointed out that if Gerald were over 18, and were tried in adult court, he would have had many different rights, including the ones in this table.

However, because he was 15 and in juvenile court, Gerald got none of these rights.

In the Court's opinion, Justice Fortas wrote that without these due process rights, a person cannot get a fair trial, no matter what age they are. The Fourteenth Amendment says that "no state can take away any person's "life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person ... the equal protection of the laws." Since juvenile courts could take away children's freedom by sending them to juvenile prisons, they needed to give juvenile defendants full due process rights. They also needed to give them "equal protection of the laws" the same protections an adult at risk of going to jail would get.

The Court threw out Gerald's conviction and ordered him to be set free. He had spent three years in the Industrial School: two years and ten months longer than he could have possibly spent in prison if he was convicted as an adult.

The Court also ruled Arizona's Juvenile Code unconstitutional. They ruled that Juvenile Codes had to include due process rights.

Before "In re Gault", juveniles accused of crimes had very few rights. "In re Gault" gave due process rights, which juveniles had never had, to children and teenagers being accused of crimes. These protections apply to all juveniles in the United States, not just Arizona. After this decision, by law, all juveniles being accused of crimes must be given the rights in the Fourteenth Amendment. For example:

In other words, "In re Gault" ruled that every juvenile court in the country had to follow the Fourteenth Amendment.


Deaths in April 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in April 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.


































Leonard L. Northrup Jr.

Leonard "Lynn" L. Northrup Jr. (March 18, 1918 – March 24, 2016) was an American engineer. He created the commercialization of solar thermal energy. He was inspired by John Yellott, Dr. Maria Telkes, and Harry Tabor.

Northrup's company designed, patented, developed and manufactured some of the first commercial solar water heaters, solar concentrators, solar-powered air conditioning systems, solar power towers and photovoltaic thermal hybrid systems in the United States.

he company he founded became part of ARCO Solar, which in turn became BP Solar, which became the largest solar energy company in the world.

Paolo Poli

Paolo Poli (May 23, 1929 – March 25, 2016) was an Italian theatre actor. He has also acted in movies and on television. He starred in many famous operas such as "Aldino mi cali un filino", "Rita of Cascia", "Caterina de Medici", "L'asino d'oro", "Gulliver's Travels", "La leggenda di San Gregorio", "Il coturno della ciabatta", and "La nemica'


Imre Pozsgay

Imre András Pozsgay (26 November 1933 – 25 March 2016) was a Hungarian Communist politician.

He played a key role in Hungary's fight for democracy after 1988. He served as Minister of Culture (1976–1980), Minister of Education (1980–1982) and Minister of State (1988–1990). He was also a Member of Parliament from 1983 to 1994.

David Snellgrove

David Llewellyn Snellgrove (29 June 192025 March 2016) was a British Tibetologist. He was known for his pioneering work on Buddhism in Tibet as well as his many travelogues. He was born in Portsmouth, Hampshire. 

In 1950, after having finishing his studies at Cambridge, he was invited to teach a course in elementary Tibetan at the School of Oriental and African Studies University of London. He was Professor of Tibetan at SOAS until his retirement in 1982.

Alain Decaux

Alain Decaux (23 July 1925 − 27 March 2016) was a French writer and historian. He was born in Lille, France. He was elected to the Académie française on 15 February 1979.

In 2005, he was, with others authors as Frédéric Beigbeder, Richard Millet and Jean-Pierre Thiollet, among the Beirut Book Fair's guests in the Beirut International Exhibition & Leisure Center, commonly BIEL.

Decaux died on 27 March 2016 in Paris, France at the age of 90.



Antoine Demoitié

Antoine Demoitié (16 October 1990 – 27 March 2016) was a Belgian cyclist. He last rode for Wanty–Groupe Gobert in 2016. He joined the team in 2016 after leaving Wallonie-Bruxelles at the end of the 2015 season. He was born in Liège, Wallonia, Belgium.

Demoitié died on 27 March 2016 after he crashed and went down in a pile-up of several cyclists. He was then hit by a motorcycle in the Gent–Wevelgem road race. He died that evening in hospital in Lille, Hauts-de-France, France, aged 25.

Cerebrovascular disease

Cerebrovascular disease, stroke or cerebrovascular accident, is a vascular disease of the cerebral circulation. Arteries supplying oxygen to the brain are affected resulting in one of a number of cerebrovascular diseases. Most commonly this is a stroke or mini-stroke and sometimes can be a hemorrhagic stroke. Any of these can result in vascular dementia.

Causes of cerebrovascular disease can be divided into: atherosclerosis, embolism, aneurysms, low flow states, and other rare causes. Major modifiable risk factors include:

Treatment for cerebrovascular disease includes medication, lifestyle changes and surgery.

Examples of medications are:

Surgical procedures include:


James Noble (actor)

James Wilkes Noble (March 5, 1922 – March 28, 2016) was an American actor. He was best known for his role of the sweet-natured but naive Governor on ABC's 1980s sitcom "Benson". He was born in Dallas, Texas. He retired from acting in 2010. 

Noble died from complications of a stroke at his home in Norwalk, Connecticut on March 28, 2016, aged 94.


Jean-Pierre Coffe

Jean-Pierre Coffe (March 24, 1938 – March 29, 2016) was a French radio and television presenter, food critic and author. Coffe then began a career in television in the early 1980s. He joined Canal+ in 1984. In 1992 and 1993, he made his first appearances in "La Grande Famille" hosted by Jean-Luc Delarue. He then joined the French public television channels where he hosted a cooking program with children titled "Comment c'est fait ?" ("How is it done?") from 1992 to 1993 on France 3.

On 29 March 2016, Coffe died at his home in Lanneray, France, aged 78.


Béla Biszku

Béla Biszku (13 September 1921 – 31 March 2016) was a Hungarian communist politician. He served as Minister of the Interior from 1957 to 1961. He was charged of suspicion of committing war crimes during the suppression of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. He became the first and to date only former top-official in Hungary who has been prosecuted because of political role in the communist era.

Biszku died in Budapest on 31 March 2016 at the age of 94.

Georges Cottier

Georges Marie Martin Cottier O.P., (25 April 1922 – 31 March 2016) was a Swiss Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, Archbishop, Dominican, Theologian emeritus of the Pontifical Household.

Cottier was born in Carouge, Switzerland. He joined the Dominican Order in 1945. Cottier studied theology and philosophy at the Pontificium Athenaeum Internationale Angelicum, the future Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, "Angelicum" until 1952. While at the "Angelicum" he was ordained a priest in 1951.

He was a professor at the Universities of Geneva and Fribourg. He became secretary of the International Theological Commission in 1989. He was nominated Pro-Theologian of the Pontifical Household in 1990. He was appointed Titular Archbishop of Tullia in 2003 and consecrated on 20 October 2003.

He was named Cardinal-Deacon of Santi Domenico e Sisto, the University Church of the Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, "Angelicum" by Pope John Paul II in the Consistory of October 21, 2003. He served 10 years as a cardinal-deacon. He was promoted to cardinal-priest by Pope Francis on June 12, 2014.

Cottier died on 31 March 2016 at the age of 93.

Zaha Hadid

Dame Zaha Mohammad Hadid DBE RA ( "Zahā Ḥadīd"; 31 October 1950 – 31 March 2016) was an Iraqi-born British architect. She was born in Baghdad.

Hadid was elected a Royal Academician in 2005. She became the first woman to receive the Pritzker Prize (2004). She received the Stirling Prize in 2010 and 2011. In 2012, she was created a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire and in 2015 she became the first woman to be awarded the RIBA Gold Medal.

Hadid's buildings are neo-futuristic, characterized by curving forms with "multiple perspective points and fragmented geometry to evoke the chaos of modern life".

On 31 March 2016, Hadid died of a heart attack in a Miami hospital, where she was being treated for bronchitis, aged 65.

Gianmaria Testa

Gianmaria Testa (17 October 1958 – 30 March 2016) was an Italian singer-songwriter. In the early 1990s, Testa won two consecutive top prizes at the Recanati Festival. He was born in Cavallermaggiore, Italy. 

Testa died in Alba, Piedmont on 30 March 2016, aged 57.


Bernard Lamarre

Bernard Lamarre (6 August 1931 – 30 March 2016) was a Canadian engineer and businessman. He was born in Chicoutimi, Quebec in 1931.

Lamarre received a Bachelor of Appled Sciences in Civil Engineering from the École Polytechnique de Montréal in 1952. He received a Master of Science degree from Imperial College of Science and Technology in 1955. He started work as a soil mechanics engineer with the firm of Lalonde & Valois eventually becoming president and chief executive officer of the firm now called Lavalin Group. He was president of "Ordre des ingénieurs du Québec" from 1993 to 1997.


Jim Harrison

James "Jim" Harrison (December 11, 1937 – March 26, 2016) was an American author. He was known for his poetry, fiction, reviews, essays about the outdoors, and writings about food. He was best known for his 1979 novella "Legends of the Fall". He has been called "a force of nature", and his work has been compared to that of William Faulkner and Ernest Hemingway.

Harrison died of a heart attack on March 26, 2016, aged 78.


Benedict of Nursia

Saint Benedict of Nursia was the founder of the Benedictine order. He was born around 480, in Nursia (in Perugia, north of Rome), and died on the 24th of March 547, in Montecassino, about south of Rome. Around 521, he founded the monastery at Montecassino which became the first Benedictine abbey. He established specific guidelines of conduct, known as the "Rule of Saint Benedict, for the monks.

He was named patron protector of Europe by Pope Paul VI in 1964. 

The Feast day, as stated in the General Roman Calendar, is celebrated on July 11.

Executive Order 9066

Executive Order 9066 was a presidential executive order. It was signed and issued during World War II by the President of the United States Franklin D. Roosevelt on February 19, 1942, authorizing the Secretary of War to prescribe certain areas as military zones. The order cleared the way for the deportation of Japanese Americans to internment camps. As a result, tens of thousands of Japanese Americans and Japanese nationals were interned during the war. The same order was also applied to numbers of American residents of Italian or German descent.

After the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, the United States was very suddenly at war. Fear, outrage and hatred of the Japanese over the surprise attack was aimed at the Japanese Americans living in the U.S. It became a common belief that the amount of destruction, including most of the U.S. Naval fleet, was because Japanese Americans helped plan the attack. There was also the immediate fear that with the Pacific fleet severely damaged, the Japanese would invade the West Coast of the United States. 

President Franklin Roosevelt issued the order on February 19, 1942. It ordered the evacuation of all persons who could be considered a threat to national security from the West Coast to relocation centers further inland. Over 100,000 Japanese American men, women and children were moved to assembly areas. From there they were moved to camps which were isolated and guarded.

In part, the order read:

David Baker (composer)

David Nathaniel Baker Jr. (December 21, 1931 – March 26, 2016) was an American symphonic jazz composer. He worked at the Indiana University Jacobs School of Music in Bloomington. 

He has more than 65 recordings, 70 books, and 400 articles to his credit. He was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. Baker was nominated for the 1973 Pulitzer Prize. He has also been nominated for a Grammy Award (1979).

Baker died in Bloomington, Indiana on March 26, 2016, aged 84.


Igor Pashkevich

Igor Anatolyevich Pashkevich (; 1 July 1971 – 26 March 2016) was a Russian figure skating coach and competitor. He was the 1990 World Junior champion for the Soviet Union and the 1996 European silver medalist for Russia. He competed at the 1994 Lillehammer Olympics for Russia and the 1998 Nagano Olympics for Azerbaijan.

Pashkevich died on 26 March 2016 in Miami, Florida at the age of 44.

Norm Hadley

Norman "Norm" Hadley (2 December 1964 – 26 March 2016) was a Canadian professional rugby union player. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

He played professionally first for London Wasps and then Bedford Blues in the 1990s. He played for James Bay and UBCOB Ravens (British Columbia Rugby Union). He earned an M.B.A. degree from UBC in 1991. He played for Western Suburbs in Wellington, New Zealand. He played for quarter-finalist Canada in the 1991 Rugby World Cup. In total he earned 15 caps for Canada between 1987 and 1994. 

Hadley died in Japan on 26 March 2016, aged 51.


Anne Aasheim

Anne Aasheim (22 April 1962 – 30 March 2016) was a Norwegian editor. She was born in Porsgrunn, Norway. She started her journalist career in the neighboring city's largest newspaper "Varden" in the late 1970s. She worked in "Dagen" and "Bergens Arbeiderblad" before being hired in NRK Hordaland in 1988.

Aasheim died of lung cancer in Oslo, Norway on 30 March 2016, aged 54.

Bill Rosendahl

William Joseph "Bill" Rosendahl (May 15, 1945 – March 30, 2016) was an American politician. He served on the Los Angeles City Council. He represented Council District 11 from 2005 to 2013. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Rosendahl was openly gay. Rosendahl died at his home in Mar Vista, Los Angeles of ureteral cancer on March 30, 2016 at the age of 70.

Ureteral cancer

Ureteral cancer is cancer of the ureters, muscular tubes that propel urine from the kidneys to the urinary bladder. It is also known as ureter cancer, renal pelvic cancer, and rarely ureteric cancer or uretal cancer. This kind of cancer is very rare.

Ureteral cancer is usually transitional cell carcinoma. Transitional cell carcinoma is "a common cause of ureter cancer and other urinary (renal pelvic) tract cancers."

Artur Górski

Artur Cezary Górski (30 January 1970 – 1 April 2016) was a Polish politician. He was elected to the Sejm on September 25, 2005, getting 2850 votes in 19 Warsaw district. He was a member of the Law and Justice ticket. He was re-elected in 2007 and was in office until his death. Górski was also the first chairman of the Conservative-Monarchist Club.

Górski died in Warsaw, Poland from leukemia on 1 April 2016, aged 46.


Denise Robertson

Denise Robertson MBE, DL (9 June 1932 – 31 March 2016) was a British writer and television broadcaster. She made her television debut as the presenter of the "Junior Advice Line" segment of the BBC's "Breakfast Time" programme in 1985. She was best known as the resident agony aunt on the ITV show "This Morning" from its first ever broadcast on 3 October 1988 until her death in 2016.

Robertson died from pancreatic cancer at Royal Marsden Hospital in London, England, aged 83.


Clodomir Santos de Morais

Clodomir Santos de Morais, PhD (30 September 1928 – 25 March 2016), was a Brazilian sociologist. He worked with the Organization Workshop (OW) and the associated Activity-based Large Group Capacitation Method (LGCM).

In the 1940s and 1950s de Morais worked as a trade unionist and a journalist. He became a member of the Pernambuco State Assembly and co-founder of the Ligas Camponêsas (Peasant Leagues). After the 1964 coup he was forced into exile, first in Chile, and, as ILO Regional Advisor on Agrarian Reform for Central America, he later worked as Agrarian Reform consultant in Latin America, Portugal and Africa.

After the end of military rule de Morais returned to Brazil in 1988, answering a call from the University of Brasilia to help in the 'hidden civil war' of unemployment.


Adam Żurowski

Adam Roman Żurowski (3 March 1929 – 25 March 2016) was a Polish surveyor. He was the professor of technical sciences at the Gdansk University of Technology. He was also Dean of the Faculty Hydrotechnics from 1990 through 1993. He was Head of the Department of Geodesy from 1985 through 1999.

Vince Boryla

Vincent Joseph Boryla (March 11, 1927 – March 27, 2016) was an American basketball player, coach and executive. His nickname was "Moose". 

Boryla was born in East Chicago, Indiana. He studied at East Chicago Washington High School in 1944. He played basketball at the University of Notre Dame and the University of Denver. Boryla was part of the U.S team that won the gold medal at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.

Boryla played for the New York Knicks in the early 1950s. In 1951, Boryla scored nine points in the 1951 NBA All-Star Game. He played in the NBA Finals in 1951 and 1953. Boryla was not in the 1952 playoffs. He later became the Knicks' coach from 1956 to 1958, and had an 80-85 record with them.

Later in his career, Boryla became the general manager of the American Basketball Association's Denver Nuggets early in their history when they were first the Kansas City ABA team and then the Denver Larks. He was also the general manager of the ABA's Utah Stars. Boryla later rejoined the Nuggets when the franchise joined the NBA. He won the NBA Executive of the Year Award with the Nuggets in 1984. 

Boryla died in Denver, Colorado on March 27, 2016 from complications of pneumonia, aged 89.

Boryla was added into the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame, and in 1984 into the National Polish-American Hall of Fame. 


Spahn Ranch

Spahn Ranch, also known as the Spahn Movie Ranch, was a large movie ranch in Los Angeles County, California. It was used for filming mostly old Western movies and television programs. With its mountains and western scenery, the ranch was ideal for cowboy and Indian type shows. Some of the well known TV shows which were made at Spahn were episodes of Bonanza, The Lone Ranger, and Zorro.

The ranch is no longer in use. The entrance was at 12000 Santa Susana Pass Road but the street number has changed. The ranch was very popular due to its being a home for Charles Manson and his followers. They lived there during 1968 and 1969. It was owned and named after a dairy farmer named George Spahn.

George Spahn, an old man who lived and owned the ranch decided to allow Charles Manson and his 'family' to move in, rent-free, in exchange for helping out on the ranch. Manson and his family did daily chores and helped run the horse rental business, which had become Spahn's main source of income. One of the Manson girls, Lynette Fromme, would take care of George Spahn, who was half blind, needed and appreciated the assistance. George Spahn was never accused of any involvement in the crimes for which members of the Family were later convicted, the most infamous being the Tate-LaBianca murders committed on August 9th and 10th, 1969. In the months after, a documentary film creator named Robert Hendrickson began filming the Manson Family at the ranch for his documentary film "Manson". There he filmed George Spahn, Lynette Fromme, Nancy Pittman, Catherine Share, Sandra Good, Paul Watkins and many others. It is the place where the 'family' lived while committing the 1969 Tate-LaBianca murders in Los Angeles. A wildfire destroyed all of the Spahn Movie Ranch film set and building on September 26, 1970. The owner, George Spahn died on September 22, 1974. 

The Spahn Movie Ranch site is empty, abandoned and now part of California's Santa Susana Pass State Historic Park with the historic section along Old Santa Susana Stage Road, on the park's northern side. Many hiking trails give access to the natural beauty and the panoramic views of the San Fernando Valley. Today, the only physical remains of what was once the Manson residence is known as the Manson Family Cave, so called from a popular photo which has circulated over the years which still is intact and exactly how it appeared back then. 


Daan Myngheer

Daan Myngheer (13 April 1993 – 28 March 2016) was a Belgian cyclist. In 2015, he was a member of the Verandas Willems cycling team and in 2016 he was a member of the Roubaix–Lille Métropole. He was born in Roeselare, Belgium.

Myngheer died in a hospital in Ajaccio, France after suffering a heart attack during the Criterium International, aged 22.

Khuzaima Qutbuddin

Khuzaima Qutbuddin (5 June 1940 – 31 March 2016) was a claimant to the title of 53rd Da'i al-Mutlaq of the Dawoodi Bohras. It is a subgroup within the Mustaali, Ismaili Shia branch of Islam. Qutbuddin was appointed "Da'i Madhun" (mazoon mola) by the Syedna Muhammad Burhanuddin in 1965.

Qutbuddin died on 31 March 2016 in Bakersfield, California from cancer, aged 75.

Howard Cable

Howard Reid Cable (December 15, 1920March 30, 2016) was a Canadian conductor, arranger, music director, composer, and radio and television producer. He was born in Toronto, Ontario. He received an Associate diploma (ATCM) from The Royal Conservatory of Music in Toronto in conducting and bandmastership 1939. Cable composed and arranged the original theme for the "Hockey Night in Canada" television broadcast, "The Saturday Game" which opened the broadcast from 1952 until 1968.

Cable died from complications of pneumonia at his home in Toronto, Ontario on March 30, 2016, aged 95.


Miranda warning

A Miranda warning is a list of rights that people in the United States have when they are being questioned by the police or arrested. These rights are called Miranda rights. Because of a United States Supreme Court decision in a case called "Miranda v. Arizona", , the police have to give a person this list of rights before they start questioning them.

One goal of the Miranda warning is to make sure that suspects' rights under the Fifth and Sixth Amendments to the Constitution are protected. Another goal is to make sure suspects know about their rights, and know that they can use them.

In "Miranda v. Arizona", a man named Ernesto Miranda confessed to raping and murdering a 17-year-old girl. Miranda was convicted and sent to prison. However, he and his lawyers appealed his conviction all the way to the Supreme Court. They argued that Miranda's confession should not have been used as evidence because:

The Sixth Amendment protects the right to a lawyer, but the Supreme Court had also just recently made two landmark decisions about this right. In 1963, the Court ruled in "Gideon v. Wainwright", , that anyone being tried for a crime had the right to a lawyer. If the person could not pay for a lawyer, the state had to assign them a free lawyer. The next year, the Court ruled in another landmark case called "Escobedo v. Illinois", , that anyone suspected of a crime had the right to have a lawyer with them while the police questioned them.

The Supreme Court decided the police got Miranda's confession by ignoring his rights, and they threw out Miranda's conviction. (Miranda was re-tried, and even without the confession as evidence, he was convicted again.)

The Court also ruled that police have to make sure suspects know and understand their rights before being interrogated. Specifically, police have to give a "Miranda warning" that tells suspects they have these rights:

An example of a Miranda warning often used in the United States is:
Many people from all over the world know these words from television and think of this as ""the" Miranda warning." However, there is no one version of the Miranda warning. Different people, police departments, and states use different words. The Supreme Court has said the words can change, as long as the four basic parts of the warning are there. In Simple English, they are:

There are at least 945 different versions of the Miranda warning just in English. Some versions warn non-citizens of their right to consult their nation's consulate before questioning continues. Some try to make the warning easier for juveniles or people with learning disabilities, intellectual disabilities, or mental illnesses to understand. Some may ask the suspect to confirm that he or she understands the warning. However, studies have shown that in fact, people in these groups often have even "more" trouble understanding the 'simpler' versions.

The Miranda warning has also had to be translated into many different languages. Many different police departments carry cards that show the warning in different languages. Others use translators to give the warning.

The law says the police have to give a suspect a Miranda warning before they start questioning them. If they do not, and the suspect gives a confession, that confession could later be thrown out in court. This means a court could rule that the confession cannot be used as evidence in a trial. A confession can also be thrown out if the police gave a Miranda warning, but gave it the wrong way, or did not make sure the suspect understood it. (This is discussed more in the "Problems" section.)

For Miranda rights to be an issue at a trial, six things must be true:

If these six things are true, then the prosecution has to prove that:

If the prosecution cannot prove each of these things, the confession can be thrown out.

Studies of many different versions of the Miranda warning have shown that most of them are complex. The more complex the Miranda warning is, the harder it is to understand.

For example, one study from 2008 looked at how complex the sentences were in the average Miranda warning. They found a "sentence complexity" score of 48.96 which meant the sentences were as complicated as the instructions on United States tax forms. In some of the warnings, the information about Miranda rights was more complex than a college-level accounting textbook.

Some areas have "simplified" versions of the Miranda warning. However, researchers have found that these versions are not always easier to understand. A person would need high school-level reading and language skills to understand some of them.

In a study of 560 different English versions of the Miranda warning, researchers found that a person would need 7th-grade reading skills to understand the simplest versions. To understand the most complicated Miranda warnings, a person would need a doctoral-level education (the highest level of education you can get at a university).

According to the American Psychological Association, people are so used to hearing the Miranda warning on television that they think they understand their rights. However, a 2011 study by Richard Rogers says that many people do not understand their Miranda rights, or have wrong beliefs about them. For example, Rogers found that 31% of defendants waiting for trials in Texas and Oklahoma did not understand their right to remain silent. They believed that if they did not answer questions, the court would use that as evidence of their guilt. Rogers also found that 36% of college students believed the same thing.

Other studies have shown that most juveniles (children and teenagers) "and" many adults do not understand their rights well enough to decide when to use them and when to waive them (not use them). For example, in one study, a researcher asked juveniles and adults to repeat back the Miranda warning in their own words. The researcher also asked them to define six of the most important words in the Miranda warning, like "consult," "appoint," and "attorney." Finally, the researcher tested whether they could understand different versions of the Miranda warning. He found:

No Supreme Court ruling or federal law has ever said that children must have a parent or lawyer with them while being questioned. About 12 states have chosen to add extra protections for juveniles in their states, like not letting juveniles waive their Miranda rights without a parent or guardian there. However, most states have not done this. This means that in most states, juveniles can waive their rights on their own.

A famous study done by Richard Rogers and others in 2008 looked at Miranda warnings that were meant to be simplified versions for juveniles. He found that these warnings were longer than the non-simplified versions; some had as many as 526 words. Understanding them also required "higher" reading levels and abilities than the adult versions.

Another study, done in 2013, found that 16- and 17-year-olds charged with a felony almost always waived their Miranda rights. They waived their rights 93% of the time, while adults waived their rights 80% of the time. Especially when juveniles waive their rights and agree to talk to police without a lawyer, they are much more likely to confess to something they did not actually do. Looking at people who were proven to be innocent, studies found that one-third to two-fifths of untrue confessions came from juveniles. Police got almost 7 out of every 10 of these false confessions from children ages 15 and under.

A report from the American Bar Association suggests this version of the Miranda warning for juveniles:
Translating the Miranda warning into other languages brings up special problems. There have been many cases where suspects' confessions have been challenged and thrown out in court because of problems giving the Miranda warning in other languages. For example, since 1993, there have been lawsuits about:

The Miranda warning is also difficult to translate into some languages. Not all languages have words for the same ideas as English. For example, American Sign Language has no signs for legal words like "rights."



Douglas Wilmer

Douglas Wilmer (8 January 1920 – 31 March 2016) was an English actor. He was best known for playing Sherlock Holmes in the 1965 TV series. He also appeared in "Jason and the Argonauts", the Pink Panther movies "A Shot in the Dark" (1964) and "Revenge of the Pink Panther" (1978), "The Vampire Lovers" (1970), "The Golden Voyage of Sinbad" (1974), and "Octopussy" (1983).

On 31 March 2016, it was reported by Roger Moore by social media that Wilmer had died at the age of 96.

Pratyusha Banerjee

Pratyusha Banerjee (10 August 1991 – 1 April 2016) was an Indian movie and television actress. She started her career with "Balika Vadhu" as Anandi. She was also a contestant on "Bigg Boss 7". She had signed as a host with reality-based crime saga "Savdhaan India" for the special segment on "women against crime". She had worked in "Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya" in 2014 and was last seen in "Hum Hain Na". 

Banerjee committed suicide by hanging herself on April 1, 2016. She was declared dead at Kokilben Ambani hospital in Mumbai after doctors failed to revive her. She was aged 24.

On 1 April 2016, Banerjee was found hanging in her Mumbai apartment, and according to the postmortem report the cause of death was asphyxia.

Grant Tinker

Grant Almerin Tinker (January 11, 1926 – November 28, 2016) was an American television producer and executive. 

He was the former chairman and CEO of NBC from 1981 to 1986. He is the co-founder of MTM Enterprises. Tinker was the former husband of actress Mary Tyler Moore. After leaving NBC, Tinker tried to repeat his success with MTM Enterprises by forming GTG (Grant Tinker-Gannett) Entertainment but the business venture failed and the company closed in 1990.

Tinker was born in Stamford, Connecticut. His parents were Margaret (née Hessin) and Arthur Almerin Tinker. Tinker died on November 28, 2016 of natural causes in Los Angeles, California, aged 90.

Chris O'Dowd

Christopher "Chris" O'Dowd (born 9 October 1979) is an Irish actor and comedian. He was best known for his role as Roy Trenneman in the Channel 4 comedy "The IT Crowd". 

O'Dowd created and starred in the Sky 1 television series "Moone Boy", which aired between 2012 and 2015. He had a recurring role on the drama series "Girls" and starred in the television series "Family Tree".

O'Dowd is also known for his movies, most notably "Bridesmaids" (2011), "This Is 40" (2012), "The Sapphires" (2012), "" (2013), "Calvary" (2014) and "St. Vincent" (2014).


State governments of the United States

In the United States, each of the 50 states has its own state government. This means there are 50 separate state governments of the United States.

The state governments are mostly set up in the same way as the federal government of the United States. However, the state and federal governments are not the same. Mostly, each state government controls things that have to do with its own state. The federal government controls things that affect the whole country.

The United States Constitution divides power between the state governments and the federal government. The Founding Fathers of the United States wrote the Constitution this way to make sure that neither the federal government or the states could get too powerful.

Every state has its own state legislature, which makes laws that affect that state only.

Each of the 50 states, except Nebraska, has a "bicameral" legislature. This means there are two different parts, called "houses," to the legislature. Usually, the two houses are called the Senate and the House of Representatives. Nebraska has a "unicameral" legislature, meaning it only has one house: the Senate.

Different states have different names for their legislatures:

These next two sections will talk about the bicameral state legislatures (the ones with two different parts (unlike Nebraska).

One of the two different houses of the state legislatures is called the Senate. Sometimes it is called the State Senate, to make it clear that it is different from the federal government's United States Senate.

Until 1964, state senators were often elected from districts that were based on county lines. Sometimes, many more people would live in one district than another. In almost all of the states, people in rural areas got much greater representation from their senators. In other words, an urban county and a rural county would have the same number of senators. However, the rural county would have far fewer people. This meant it was easier for these people to get attention from their senators, and get their senators to do what they wanted.

However, in the 1964 decision "Reynolds v. Sims", , the United States Supreme Court ruled that state senators had to cover districts that had about the same number of people in them. This is different than the United States Senate, where every state gets two United States Senators, no matter how many people live there.

The second house in the state legislatures is usually called the House of Representatives.

However, nine states use different names for this house:

Every state has a Governor, who is in charge of the state's executive branch of government. The people in that state elect the Governor.

In most states, the people also elect other important members of the executive branch. These people work for the Governor. For example, they may include:

In most state governments, "departments" are the most powerful part of the executive branch. The secretary of a department is usually a member of the Governor's cabinet (a group of people who give the Governor advice). The members of the cabinet also keep the Governor up to date on whatever is happening in all the different executive agencies.

Each department may include divisions, offices, and/or agencies. Every state government is allowed to organize its executive departments and agencies any way it wants. Because of this, each state government is organized in a different way.

The executive branch may also include many other organizations. These may include commissions, councils, offices, corporations, or many other things. A department or division might be in charge of these organizations, or they might be independent.

Arizona's government gives an example of how all these people, departments, commissions, and other options might be organized. Here is a very basic summary of Arizona's executive branch:


Each state has a few different kinds of state courts.

Trial courts are the first level of state courts. Here, people can file lawsuits. People charged with crimes are also tried here and found guilty or not guilty. There are also special kinds of trial courts, like:

In most states, appeals courts (also called "appellate courts") are the next level of state courts. If someone who went to a trial court thinks that court made the wrong decision, they can appeal to an appellate court. That court can decide to reverse the lower (less powerful) trial court's decision. The appeals courts can do this if the trial court made a legal mistake.

Finally, most states have a supreme court. This is the most powerful court in the state. If a person has already appealed to the appellate courts, and they still think the court's decision was wrong, they can appeal to the state supreme court. Once the state supreme court makes a decision, that decision becomes state law. The decision can only be changed or reversed by federal courts. That can only happen if the federal courts think the state supreme court made a decision that violated the Constitution.

Each state's constitution or legislature spells out what type of courts the state will have, how they will work, and how judges will be chosen. Like with state executive departments, state courts can be very different from state to state.


List of amendments to the United States Constitution

This page is a list of the amendments to the United States Constitution. Since the Constitution went into effect on March 4, 1789, twenty-seven amendments have been added to the Constitution. This page gives just a short summary of each of these amendments. For more information about each amendment, click on the links in the box at the right of this page. The amendments are numbered in Roman numerals from I (One) to XXVII (Twenty-seven).

Usually, for an amendment to be approved and added to the Constitution, there are two steps: 

Once this happens, the amendment becomes part of the Constitution.

The first ten amendments to the Constitution were all approved together. As a group, they are called the Bill of Rights.

Between 1789 and December 2014, about 11,623 amendments were proposed in Congress. However, most of these suggested amendments "die" in the committees that suggest them. In total, in the past 227 years, Congress has sent only 33 amendments to the states for ratification just about one out of every 500 suggested amendments. Of these 33, the states have set 27. 

Out of the six unratified amendments, two failed when they were not ratified by a set deadline. The other four are still officially "pending"; they do not have enough votes to pass or fail, but they also do not have deadlines written into them.

Congress sent twelve amendments to the states for ratification on September 25, 1789. Ten of these were officially ratified on December 15, 1791: two years, two months, and 20 days after Congress proposed them. Here is a summary of what those amendments say.

Kirtankhola

Kirtankhola () is a river that starts from Sayeshtabad in Barisal district and ends into the Gajalia near Gabkhan khal (canal). The total length of the river is about .

Separate but equal

Separate but equal was a legal doctrine that existed in the United States for 58 years. It was based on the United States Supreme Court decision "Plessy v. Ferguson". Here the Court ruled that racial segregation was not in violation of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, as long as the racially separate facilities were equal. The Court also said segregation was not discrimination. Segregation in public accommodations, transportation and schools was legally justified by "Plessy" until it was overturned in 1954 by "Brown v. Board of Education". 

After the American Civil War, the Republican controlled Congress passed three amendments to the Constitution called the Reconstruction Amendments. The first was the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution which abolished slavery in the United States. The second was the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution which provided equal protection of the laws to all citizens. The third was the Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution that gave voting rights to African American men.

After the passage of the reconstruction amendments, things began to get worse for black people in the South. Many whites would not accept the new changes. The economy in the south was stagnant and taxes were high. There was a good deal of corruption which was made worse by carpetbaggers from the north and southern supporters of reconstruction called scalawags. Out of fear and hatred, white supremacy groups such as the Ku Klux Klan were born. Through the use of violence including lynching, rape, murder and terrorism, they sought to control African Americans and keep them from using their new rights.

Congress enacted the Civil Rights Act of 1875. It guaranteed African Americans equal treatment in public accommodations, public transportation, and to prevent being excluded from jury duty. The bill was passed by the 43rd United States Congress and signed into law by President Ulysses S. Grant on March 1, 1875. Several years later, the Supreme Court ruled in "Civil Rights Cases" (1883) that sections of the act were unconstitutional. The Court's reasoning was the Fourteenth Amendment prohibited discrimination by states not by individuals. As a result Congress could not protect against individual cases of discrimination.

Florida was the first to pass a law requiring railroads to provide “equal but separate accommodations for the white, and colored, races”. Soon, Texas, Mississippi and other states had the same or similar laws. In 1890, when Louisiana passed a similar law, blacks began resisting. In 1892 it was agreed Homer Plessy would challenge the laws in order to form a test case. Plessy "passed" for white and while riding on an East Louisiana train in the "white section" announced he was black and refused to move to the "colored" section. Plessy was arrested and 1896 his case reached the Supreme Court. The case was "Plessy v. Ferguson", Fergusson being the name of the Judge who first ruled against him in the New Orleans Criminal District Court. 

In 1896, the Supreme Court heard the case. Plessy's lawyers argued Louisiana's Separate Car Act violated the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Amendments. The Court, in a 7-1 decision decided against Plessy and that the law was constitutional. Writing the majority opinion, Justice Henry Brown wrote:

The lone dissenter, Justice John Harlan, saw terrible consequences in the judicial opinion rendered by the court. He wrote:

Beginning in 1890, Southern Democrats began to pass state laws that took away the rights African Americans had gained. These racist laws became known as Jim Crow laws. "Plessy" caused Jim Crow laws to go unchallenged by the federal government for 58 years. They included laws that made it impossible for blacks to vote. Since they could not vote, blacks also could not be on juries. Other laws required racial segregation so blacks could not go to the same schools, restaurants or hospitals as whites. They could not use the same bathrooms or drink from the same drinking fountains. They could also not sit in front of whites on busses or trains. Many southern Christian ministers taught that whites were the chosen people and blacks were cursed by God. Lynchings were designed to instill fear in blacks and keep them in their place. Between 1882 and 1968, 3,440 black men and women were lynched. Others were burned at the stake, castrated, beaten or murdered. The Jim Crow era began to end after the Supreme Court’s unanimous Brown v. Board of Education decision overruled Plessy.


Berber calendar

The Berber calendar is a calendar used most often in the region of North Africa, to control seasonal agricultural works.

Address bus

An address bus is a computer bus architecture. It is used to transfer data between devices. The devices are identified by the hardware address of the physical memory (the physical address). The address is stored in the form of binary numbers to enable the data bus to access memory storage. 

Address buses are made up of a collection of wires connecting the CPU with main memory that is used to identify particular addresses in main memory. The width of the address bus (that is, the number of wires) determines how many unique memory locations can be addressed. Modern personal computers and Macintoshes have as many as 36 address lines. This theoretically allows them to access 64 gigabytes of main memory. The actual amount of memory that can be accessed is usually much less than this theoretical limit due to chipset and motherboard limitations. 

An address bus is part of the system bus architecture. Most modern computers use a variety of individual buses for specific tasks. 

An individual computer contains a system bus, which connects the major components of the computer system and has three main elements, of which the address bus is one, along with the data bus and control bus.

An address bus is measured by the amount of memory a system can retrieve. A system with a 32-bit address bus can address 4 gigabytes of memory space. Newer computers using a 64-bit address bus with a supporting operating system can address 16 exbibytes of memory locations, which is virtually unlimited.

Avolar

Avolar was a Mexican low-cost airline. Its headquarters and largest hub were in Tijuana. It started on September 7, 2005 with one Boeing 737-500 airplane. It was one of the first low-cost airlines in Mexico. By 2008, the airline had 10 Boeing 737 airplanes. It flew to 21 cities throughout Mexico. Avolar suspended flights for 3 days in August 2008 and for 1 day in October 2008. This was due to large debts. Avolar asked to fly to the United States on October 28, 2008. Avolar finally stopped flying on that same day - October 28, 2008. The airline has never flown again since then.

Drag king

Drag kings are female performance artists who dress in male clothes. They play male gender roles as part of an individual or group routine. Drag kings may be straight, lesbian or transgender. They often perform as macho male characters, like construction workers and rappers. 

In the late 1800s/early 1900s, several drag kings became British music hall stars. British pantomime has preserved the tradition of women in male roles. Starting in the mid 1990s, drag kings started to have the fame and attention for which drag queens are known. 

The term "drag king" was first used in print in 1972.

Drag kings are mostly a part of lesbian culture. They can be most often seen at lesbian festivals or bars. However, not all drag kings are lesbians.

Controlled Substances Act

The Controlled Substances Act (CSA) is a United States federal law. It controls what drugs American people and companies can have, make, import, and use. It also controls what drugs doctors can prescribe.

"Controlled substances" include illegal drugs, chemicals that are used to make illegal drugs, and some medications. If a government has rules or laws about a certain drug, then that drug is called a controlled substance.

The United States Congress passed the law as part of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970. President Richard Nixon signed the bill into law on October 27, 1970.

The Controlled Substances Act (CSA) sets laws about:

The CSA does not include alcohol or tobacco as "controlled substances."

The CSA divides controlled substances up into five groups, called Schedules. Drugs are put into these categories based mostly on:

Since the CSA was created in 1970, many new illegal drugs and medications have been developed. Because of this, the Act has been amended many times to add on new types of drugs.

For example, since 1970, the CSA has been amended:

There are five different Schedules of controlled substances, numbered IV (one through five in Roman numerals). The CSA describes the different Schedules based on three things:

This table gives a summary of the differences between the different Schedules.

The CSA says that no doctor in the United States can write a prescription for a Schedule I drug. Some states have passed laws allowing doctors to prescribe marijuana for diseases like cancer and AIDS. Even though those prescriptions are legal in those states, they are still illegal under the CSA.

Here are some examples of Schedule I drugs:

Schedule II drugs are the most-controlled type of drugs that a doctor can write a prescription for. Some drugs that are usually illegal are on Schedule II. They are on Schedule II instead of Schedule I because sometimes, they can be used for medical reasons. For example, Schedule II includes cocaine, because it can stop bleeding and kill pain in the mouth, throat, and nose. Schedule II also includes methamphetamine, because it is sometimes used to treat Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and severe obesity.
Other drugs on Schedule II include:

The CSA puts limits on prescriptions for Schedule II drugs. For example, prescriptions for these drugs cannot be refilled. The patient cannot get more of the medication at the pharmacy without getting a new prescription. Also, the doctor must write the prescription they cannot call or fax the prescription to the pharmacy. The pharmacy needs an original copy of the prescription.

Schedule III drugs are less controlled than Schedule II drugs. Doctors can send these prescriptions to a pharmacy by fax or phone. These prescriptions can be refilled five times in six months without the patient needing a new prescription.

Drugs in Schedule III include:

Schedule IV drugs have the same rules for prescriptions and refills that Schedule III drugs do. Examples of Schedule IV drugs include:

Schedule V drugs are the least strictly controlled of all the controlled substances. A doctor can call or fax the prescription to the pharmacy. There is no limit on the number of times a prescription can be refilled.

Examples of Schedule V drugs include:

The United States Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) is in charge of enforcing the CSA. The DEA is part of the United States Department of Justice.

Usually, only two government agencies can add or remove drugs from a Schedule. These agencies are the (DEA) and the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA). However, sometimes Congress passes special laws to add a drug to the CSA.

Anyone can ask the DEA to add a drug, remove a drug, or change a drug to a different Schedule in the CSA. Even a regular person can petition the DEA for a change. After it gets a petition, the DEA starts an investigation of the drug.

During these investigations, the DEA gathers a lot of information, talks to different government agencies, gets the FDA's opinion, and does research. Because all of this takes time, a federal law allows the Attorney General of the United States to put a drug on Schedule I for a year. The law only allows this when there is "an imminent hazard" (an immediate threat) "to the public safety." For example, in 2011, the Attorney General used this law to put synthetic cannabinoids on Schedule I.

Pop Goes the Weasel

"Pop! Goes the Weasel" is an English nursery rhyme and singing game. 

There are many different versions of this song.

American versions include the following words:

There are many other American and English versions.

Nursery rhyme

A nursery rhyme is a traditional poem for young children. The term has been used since the 18th century or early 19th century. In North America, the term "Mother Goose rhymes", first used in the mid-18th century, is often used.

Some examples of English nursery rhymes are "Three Blind Mice", "Jack and Jill" , "Hey Diddle Diddle"and "Baa Baa Black Sheep."

Amicus curiae

An amicus curiae (literally, friend of the court; plural, amici curiae) is someone who is not a party to a case and offers information that affects the case but who has not been asked by any of the parties to assist a court. This may take the form of legal opinion, testimony or learned treatise (the "amicus" brief). It is a way to introduce concerns that might be overlooked by the parties directly involved in the case. The decision on whether to admit the information lies at the discretion of the court. The phrase "amicus curiae" is legal Latin.

The "amicus curiae" practice was found in Roman law. It played an important part in both English common law and the American legal system. Later, it was introduced in international law, in particular, concerning human rights. Today, it is used by the European Court of Human Rights. It is also used in the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, the Court of Justice of the European Union and the Special Tribunal for Lebanon.

The situation most often noted in the press is when an advocacy group files a brief in a case before an appellate court to which it is not a litigant. Appellate cases are normally limited to the factual record and arguments coming from the lower court case under appeal. Usually attorneys focus on the facts and arguments most favorable to their clients. Where a case may have broader implications, "amicus curiae" briefs are a way to introduce those concerns, so that the possibly broad legal effects of court decisions will not depend solely on the parties directly involved in the case.

In prominent cases, "amici curiae" are generally organizations with sizable legal budgets. In the United States, for example, non-profit legal advocacy organizations, such as the American Civil Liberties Union, the Landmark Legal Foundation, the Pacific Legal Foundation, and others, frequently submit such briefs to advocate for or against a particular legal change or interpretation. If a decision could affect an entire industry, companies other than the litigants may wish to have their concerns heard. In the United States, federal courts often hear cases involving the constitutionality of state laws. Hence states may file briefs as "amici curiae" when their laws are likely to be affected, as in the Supreme Court case "McDonald v. Chicago," when thirty-two states under the aegis of Texas (and California independently) filed such briefs.

"Amici curiae" who do not file briefs often present an academic perspective on the case. Newspaper editorials, blogs, and other opinion pieces arguably have the capability to influence Supreme Court decisions as "de facto amici curiae". They are not, however, technically considered "amicus curiae," as they do not submit materials to the Court, do not need to ask for leave, and have no guarantee that they will be read.

The Supreme Court of the United States has special rules for "amicus curiae" briefs sought to be filed in cases pending before it. Supreme Court Rule 37 states, in part, such a brief should cover "relevant matter" not dealt with by the parties which "may be of considerable help". The cover of an "amicus" brief must identify which party the brief is supporting, or if the brief supports only affirmance or reversal. The Court also requires that, "inter alia", all non-governmental amici identify those providing a monetary contribution to the preparation or submission of the brief. Briefs must be prepared in booklet format, and 40 copies must be served with the Court.

In the United States Supreme Court, unless the "amicus" brief is being filed by the federal government (or one of its officers or agents) or a U.S. state, permission of the court (by means of motion for leave) or mutual consent of the parties is generally required. Allowing an "amicus curiae" to present oral argument is considered "extraordinary".

The role of "amicus curiae" briefs in the World Trade Organization (WTO) dispute settlement system is controversial. The controversy arises due to the governmental nature of WTO disputes. As only WTO members have access to the system, any non-members such as non-governmental organizations (NGOs) are excluded and have no right to be heard. Thus the only way for them to contribute to a WTO decision is through "amicus curiae" briefs. 


Henderson v. United States (1950)

Henderson v. United States, 339 U.S. 816 (1950) , was a landmark decision by the United States Supreme Court that abolished segregation in railroad dining cars.

In the early part of the 20th century, railroads did not provide dining facilities for African-Americans. But public pressure in the 1930s and 1940s forced railroads to provide some kind of dining arrangement for black passengers. In response, they set up one or two tables for African-Americans. No matter how many needed to eat, there were only a few chairs available to them.

On May 17, 1942, Elmer W. Henderson, an African-American passenger, was travelling first-class on the Southern Railway from Washington, D.C. to Atlanta, Georgia. He was a lawyer traveling as part of his duties for President Roosevelt's Fair Employment Practice Committee. 

At about 5:30 pm, while the train was in Virginia, the first call to dinner was announced and he went promptly to the dining car. Under practices then in effect, the two end tables nearest the kitchen were to be reserved initially for Negroes. As the tables were partly occupied by white passengers (with at least one seat at them unoccupied) the dining-car steward would not seat Henderson in the dining car. Instead, the steward offered to serve him at his pullman seat. Henderson said no and the steward agreed to send him word when space was available. No word was sent and he was not served, although he twice returned to the diner before it was closed at 9 pm.

Henderson filed a complaint with the Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) in October 1942. He alleged this conduct violated provisions of the Interstate Commerce Act of 1887. While the Commission agreed that he had suffered undue and unreasonable prejudice and disadvantage, it dismissed the occurrence as a casual incident brought about by the bad judgment of an employee. 

A three-judge United States District Court for the District of Maryland found the practice was in violation of the Interstate Commerce Act but remanded the case on February 18, 1946 back to the ICC. On March 1, 1946, the company announced a change in their rules for dining cars. Ten tables would be exclusively for white passengers and one table of four seats would be exclusively for black passengers with a curtain drawn between this and the other tables. White passengers could no longer be seated at the black table. This satisfied the ICC and the federal court. However, Henderson was not satisfied and, with the backing of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) appealed the decision to the Supreme Court.

The US Supreme Court did not rule on the constitutionality of "separate but equal" in this instance, but did find that the railroad had failed to provide the passenger with the same level of service provided to a white passenger with the same class of ticket. The Court found this violated the Interstate Commerce Act, which made it illegal for a railroad in interstate commerce “to subject any particular person… to any undue or unreasonable prejudice or disadvantage in any respect whatsoever.”

With the permission of the Court, Sam Hobbs, a member of the United States House Committee on the Judiciary filed a brief as "amicus curiae" in support of the lower court decision. Several other amicus curiae briefs were filed in support of Henderson, the appellant.


Plaque (biology)

A plaque in biology is a flat growth-form. The term is used for 

New York International Auto Show

The New York International Auto Show is an annual auto show that is held in Manhattan in late March or early April. It is held at the Jacob Javits Convention Center. It usually opens on or just before Easter weekend and closes on the first Sunday after Easter. In 2016 the show started on March 25 and ended April 3.

The show has been held annually since 1900.
The show was held at the New York Coliseum from 1956 to 1987 when the show moved to the Javits Center.

Santali language

Santal is the official language of the Santal community. Most Santal people live in Jharkhand, Odisha, or West Bengal.

Chiang Mai province

Chiang Mai (Thai เชียงใหม่) is the second-largest province ("changwat") of Thailand. It is in the country's north. It is bordered by Chiang Rai to the northeast, Lampang and Lamphun to the south, Tak to the southwest, Mae Hong Son to the west, and Shan State of Burma to the north. The capital, Chiang Mai, is 685 km north of Bangkok.

Chiang Mai Province is about from Bangkok. The highest mountain in Thailand, Doi Inthanon at , is in Chiang Mai Province.

Several other national parks are also in the province: Doi Suthep-Pui, Ob Luang, Sri Lanna, Huai Nam Dang, Mae Wang, and Pha Daeng.

The city of Chiang Mai was capital of the Lanna Kingdom after its founding in 1296.

In 1599, the kingdom lost its independence and became part of the Ayutthaya Kingdom.

In 1932, the province Chiang Mai moved up to the second level subdivision of Thailand when the administrative unit of "Monthon Phayap", the remains of the Lanna Kingdom, was dissolved.

13.4% of the population in the province are members of hill tribes, among them the Hmong, Yao, Lahu, Lisu, Akha, and Karen.

Chiang Mai has a tropical wet and dry climate (Köppen "Aw"), tempered by the low latitude and moderate elevation, with warm to hot weather year-round, though nighttime conditions during the dry season can be cool and are much lower than daytime highs. The maximum temperature ever recorded is 42.4 °C in May 2005.


New Brunswick (disambiguation)

New Brunswick may refer to:


East Brunswick, New Jersey

East Brunswick is a township in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. The suburban community is part of the New York City metropolitan area and is located on the southern shore of the Raritan River. It is adjacent to the city of New Brunswick.

The general area of central New Jersey was once occupied by the Lenape Native Americans.

Maria Teresa Felicitas d'Este

Maria Teresa Felicitas (French: "Marie Thérèse Félicité"; 6 October 1726 – 30 April 1754) was born a Princess of Modena. By marriage, she was the Duchess of Penthièvre. Maria Teresa was the mother-in-law of Philippe Égalité and a grandmother to the future Louis Philippe I.

Maria Teresa was born on 6 October 1726 in Modena, Italy. She was the first child of Charlotte Aglaé d'Orléans and Francesco III d'Este, Duke of Modena. Her parents’ marriage wasn’t happy, and her mother would later move back to France.

In On 29 December 1744 at the Palace of Versailles, Maria Teresa married her second cousin, Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon, Duke of Penthièvre. The couple had seven children in total but only two of them survived childhood. The marriage was seen as very happy.


Marie Teresa died in childbirth in 1754 giving birth to a son who also died. Her husband refused to remarry and died in 1793. Her daughter, Marie Adélaïde, moved Marie Teresa’s body to the Royal Chapel, in Dreux. 


Gonzales v. Oregon

Gonzales v. Oregon was a landmark case decided by the United States Supreme Court in 2006. In 2001, Attorney General John Ashcroft tried to stop Oregon's Death with Dignity Act. This law allowed terminally ill people to get a prescription for a medication that they could take to kill themselves. (This is called "physician-assisted suicide.") 

Ashcroft tried to stop doctors from prescribing medicines for physician-assisted suicide. He threatened to use a federal anti-drug law to punish them.

The state of Oregon went to court to fight Ashcroft. Eventually, the Supreme Court ruled that Ashcroft did not have the power to stop doctors from prescribing legal drugs in a way that was legal in Oregon. This decision allowed physician-assisted suicide to continue in Oregon.

In 1994, the people of Oregon voted to pass the Death with Dignity Act. Under this law, if a terminally ill adult wants to, they can get a lethal prescription from a doctor. They can only do this if they are a competent adult (they are able to make decisions on their own). They must also meet many other requirements.

By the end of 2001, when Ashcroft got involved, 150 people had gotten prescriptions under the Death with Dignity Act. Ninety-nine of these people used their prescriptions to end their lives. The other 51 (about one out of every three people) chose never to use their prescriptions.

In 2001, Attorney General Ashcroft tried to stop Oregon's doctors from prescribing medicines for physician-assisted suicide by using the Controlled Substances Act.

The Controlled Substances Act is a federal law sets the United States' rules about legal and illegal drugs. It includes rules about what medicines doctors can and cannot prescribe. It also includes a list of medicines, called "controlled substances," which doctors cannot prescribe without a special license from the United States Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA). 

DEA rules limit when doctors with this license can prescribe controlled substances:

This means that doctors can only prescribe controlled substances if their patients need them for real medical problems. Basically, the doctor has to be acting like a doctor, not a drug dealer. 

The goal of this rule was to stop doctors who prescribed drugs to people who abused them. If doctors did this, they would be violating the Controlled Substances Act. The punishment for doctors who do this is to lose their DEA license to prescribe controlled substances.

In 1994, when Oregon first passed the Death with Dignity Act, Janet Reno was the Attorney General. She decided the Death with Dignity Act did not violate the Controlled Substances Act. 

However, in November 2001, Attorney General Ashcroft put out a new rule (which became known as "The Ashcroft Directive"). He reversed Reno's position. He said the Death with Dignity Act "did" violate the Controlled Substances Act. 

Ashcroft had decided physician-assisted suicide was not a "legitimate medical purpose" for any medication. Because of this, he said, any doctor in Oregon who wrote another prescription for physician-assisted suicide would be breaking the Controlled Substances Act. As punishment, the DEA could take away these doctors' licenses to prescribe controlled substances. This would make it impossible for those doctors to prescribe medicines for physician-assisted suicide. The DEA could also fine the doctors or even charge them with crimes.

The day after Ashcroft issued his Directive, the state of Oregon went to federal court to fight it. Doctors, other health care providers, and people with terminal illnesses joined Oregon's lawsuit against Ashcroft. On April 17, 2002, U.S. District Judge Robert Jones ordered an injunction a judge's order saying that Ashcroft's rule could not be enforced. However, the court did not have the jurisdiction to hear the whole lawsuit. It moved the case to a higher (more powerful) court: the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.

The Ninth Circuit agreed with Judge Jones's injunction. They ruled that Congress obviously did not mean for the Controlled Substances Act to be used to control physician-assisted suicide. They meant for it to control illegal drug dealing. They also ruled that Ashcroft did not have the power to control a state's medical practices. That was the state's own business to control, the Court said.

Ashcroft asked the Supreme Court to hear the case. By the time they did, there was a new Attorney General: Alberto Gonzales. However, Gonzales supported the Ashcroft Directive, and continued Ashcroft's fight against the Death with Dignity Act.

On January 17, 2006, the Supreme Court decided in favor of Oregon. 

The Supreme Court did not rule on whether physician-assisted suicide, or the Oregon Death with Dignity Act, were legal. Instead, they made their decision based on the ideas of federalism the separation between the powers of the United States government and the individual states.

Like the Ninth Circuit, the Supreme Court ruled that the Controlled Substances Act was meant to fight drug use and drug dealing. Congress never meant for the law to deal with physician-assisted suicide.

The Court said that Congress "also" never meant for the Controlled Substance Act to control medical practices. The states had always had the right to control their own medical practices. Ashcroft decided that he could create a meaning of "legitimate medical practice" that every state would have to follow. The Court ruled that the Attorney General did not have this power to take away the states' rights to decide this for themselves. Also, since he was not a medical expert, he should not be deciding what "legitimate medical practice" was.

Finally, the Court ruled that under the Controlled Substances Act, the Attorney General had a very small role. He did not have the power to cancel a state law. He also did not have the right to punish doctors like criminals for acting in ways that were legal in Oregon. The Attorney General did not have the power to take these rights from Oregon.

Their ruling in "Gonzales" showed the states that the Supreme Court would not stop them from making physician-assisted suicide legal. As of 2016, four more states have made physician-assisted suicide legal: Washington, Montana, Vermont, and California. Now physician-assisted suicide is legal in five states 10% of the states in the country. If the Supreme Court had made a different ruling in "Gonzales", this never would have been possible.

A different ruling in "Gonzales" would have also given the Attorney General much more power over the states and their doctors. It would have taken away the states' rights in some important areas. Instead, it ruled in favor of states' rights and the separation of powers between the states and the federal government.


László Sárosi (footballer)

László Sárosi (27 February 1932 – 2 April 2016) was a Hungarian footballer and coach. He played as a defender for Vasas and Hungary between the 1940s and 1960s. He was born in Budapest.

Sárosi died on 2 April 2016 in Budapest, aged 84.

Gallieno Ferri

Gallieno Ferri (21 March 1929 – 2 April 2016) was an Italian comic book artist and illustrator. In 1960, he met writer Sergio Bonelli. His partnership with Bonelli lead to the creation of the comic books "Zagor" and "Mister No". He was born in Genoa.

Ferri died on 2 April 2016 in Genoa, aged 87.

Colobus

Colobus are a genus of monkeys native to Africa. The word "colobus" comes from Greek κολοβός which means "docked". This refers to their thumbs, which are just stumps.

Colobus are herbivorous. They eat leaves, fruit, flowers, and twigs. Their habitats include primary and secondary forests, riverine forests, and wooded grasslands. Their ruminant-like digestive systems help them occupy niches which other primates do not live in.

Colobus live in territorial groups of about nine individuals, with a single male with a number of females and their offspring. Newborn colobus are completely white. Mothering is shared: other members of the troop the biological mother care for an infant.

Colobus are eaten regularly by the common chimpanzee. Jane Goodall discovered that chimps hunt and eat smaller primates such as "Colobus" monkeys. She watched a hunting group isolate a colobus high in a tree, block all possible exits, then a chimpanzee climbed up and captured and killed the colobus. The others then each took parts of the carcass, sharing with other members of the troop in response to begging behaviours. The chimps at Gombe kill and eat as much as "one-third of the colobus population" in the park each year. This was a major scientific find which challenged previous conceptions of chimp diet and behavior.

Cave nebula

The Cave nebula is an emission nebula in the constellation of Cepheus. It is about 2,400 light-years away from Earth.

NGC 7538

NGC 7538 is a diffuse nebula in the constellation of Cepheus. It is about 9,100 light-years away from Earth.

NGC 6946

NGC 6946, also known as the Fireworks galaxy, Arp 29, and Caldwell 12, is a spiral galaxy in the constellation of Cepheus and Cygnus. It is about 22.5 million light-years away from Earth. It was discovered by William Herschel in September 9, 1798. It's highly obscured by interestellar matter, and it's very close to the galactic plane. It has a third of the Milky Way’s size.

Fireworks Galaxy has this name because of how many supernovae happened in the galaxy. The supernovae in this galaxy occur very frequently. In the last century a total of 9 supernovae were seen from this galaxy: SN 1917a, SN 1939c, SN 1948b, SNSN 1968d, SN 1969p, SN 1980k, SN 2002hh, SN 2004et, SN2008s.



Convict lease

Convict leasing was a form of forced labor used by prisons in the Southern United States. ("Convict" is a rude word for "prisoner"; leasing is like renting something.) Under the system, prisons leased prisoners out as free workers to corporations, business owners, and plantation owners. Basically, the prisons were selling prisoners like slaves, except that they were not sold forever.

This system made a lot of money for prisons and the contractors. The contractors got workers who they did not have to pay, and who they could treat however they wanted. The prisons got payments from the contractors. Also, they no longer had to pay for food, clothing, or housing for the prisoners who they leased out; the contractors did.

In 1898, for example, about 73% of Alabama's entire yearly state revenue came from convict leasing. For this reason, convict leasing lasted almost 100 years in the South.

The state of Louisiana leased out convicts as early as 1844. However, convict leasing began to spread throughout the South during the Reconstruction Era (1865–1877). This was just after the end of the American Civil War, which ended slavery. With no more slaves to work for them, Southern farmers and businessmen needed to find new workers. Southern legislatures passed laws called Black Codes to keep blacks from moving freely and to force them to work for whites. As historian Douglas Blackmon explains:
At this time, the Southern states did not have much money, and they found that convict labor gave them a big source of revenue. Contractors also made money off the system because they did not have to pay the prisoners the wages they would have to pay to white workers. The Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution had made slavery illegal except as punishment for a crime. So the states passed laws that would make it easy to convict innocent black people of crimes. Once they were prisoners, they could be treated like slaves. The states basically used this process as a way to continue slavery in the South.

Northern states sometimes contracted for prison labor. However, in the South, the state gave complete control of prisoners to contractors.

Also, according to historian Matthew Mancini, the Southern convict labor system was "one of the harshest and most exploitative labor systems known in American history." 'If one [prisoner] dies, get another' was the attitude of many contractors, Mancini writes. He says this was caused by corruption, racism, racial violence, and the fact that contractors could do whatever they wanted without getting into trouble.

Prisoners were often treated very badly. Unlike during slavery, the contractors had not paid very much for the prisoners, and they would not have them forever. For these reasons, contractors had very little Prisoners could be beaten or whipped if their bosses did not think they were working hard enough. They were abused by guards. One source says: "Mines and plantations that used convict laborers commonly had secret graveyards containing the bodies of prisoners who had been beaten and/or tortured to death. Convicts would be made to fight each other, sometimes to the death, for the amusement of the guards and wardens."

Almost all of the prisoners who were leased out were African Americans, mostly adult males. This was because laws were enforced much more against black people, and blacks usually got much more severe sentences for "crimes" because of racism.

U.S. Steel is one of the American companies which have admitted using African-American leased convict labor.

Convict leasing was most common around 1880. It was formally outlawed by the last state (Alabama) in 1928. However, it continued in different forms until President Franklin D. Roosevelt made it illegal on December 12, 1941.

Here are some examples of different states' convict leasing systems.

Once they stopped using the convict labor system, many states switched to the trusty system. This was also a way to save money, but it caused abuses just like the convict labor system did. Finally, in a landmark case called "Gates v. Collier", 501 F.2d 1291 (5th Cir. 1974), a federal court forced the states using the trusty system to stop.

Scholar Randall Shelden argues that the convict lease system created an incentive to convict black people. Because the convict lease system brought in so much money, the states and counties had a reason to want to convict African-Americans. This is why the people in Southern prisons became mostly African-American after the Civil War, Sheldon writes. For example, in Louisiana's main prison in Nashville:

During the times when Southern states used the convict leasing system, their prison populations grew across the South. For example:


NGC 7090

NGC 7090 is a spiral galaxy in the Indus constellation. It is about 30 million light-years away from Earth.

NGC 7049

NGC 7049 is an elliptical galaxy in the Indus constellation. It is about 101 million light-years away from Earth. A dust ring surrounds the galaxy, and can be observed in silhouette. The galaxy's center in enveloped in a polar gas cloud.

Tadpole galaxy

The Tadpole galaxy is a barred spiral galaxy in the Draco constellation. It is about 420 million light-years away from Earth.

NGC 5907

NGC 5907 is a spiral galaxy in the Draco constellation. It is about 50 million light-years away from Earth.

NGC 6503

NGC 6503 is a dwarf spiral galaxy in the Draco constellation. It is about 17 million light-years away from Earth.

NGC 6543

NGC 6543 is a planetary nebula in the Draco constellation. It is about 3.3 thousand light-years away from Earth.

Pelican nebula

The Pelican nebula (also known as IC 5067 or IC 5070) is an H II region in the Cygnus constellation. It is about 1,800 light-years away from Earth.

North America nebula

The North America nebula (also known as NGC 7000 or Caldwell 20) is an emission nebula in the Cygnus constellation. It is about 1,600 light-years away from Earth. It is called the North America Nebula because its shape resembles North America. It can be found with a small telescope next to Deneb. However, it cannot be found with the naked eye. The North America Nebula is a star-forming region.

Sneaker Pimps

The Sneaker Pimps are a British trip hop group. They formed in Hartlepool, England in 1994. They are best known for their songs "6 Underground" and "Spin Spin Sugar".

Their song, "6 Underground", went to #7 on "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart.

The band's founding members were Liam Howe and Chris Corner. They then hired Kelli Dayton as a singer, and longtime friend Ian Pickering to write lyrics. Dayton was the original singer of the Sneaker Pimps.

After the first album, the band felt that demos for the 1999 album "Splinter" was better for the voice of Corner. Following the tour for their first album, "Becoming X", they kicked Dayton out of the group. Dayton later had a solo career under the name "Kelli Ali".

The Sneaker Pimps broke up in 2005. They got back together in 2015.


Louis Alexandre, Prince of Lamballe

Louis Alexandre de Bourbon (Louis Alexandre Joseph Stanislas; 6 September 1747 – 6 May 1768) was the son and heir of Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon, grandson of Louis XIV by the king's legitimised son, Louis Alexandre de Bourbon, Count of Toulouse. He was known as the "Prince of Lamballe" from birth. He died before his father, and did not have children. 

"Louis Alexandre" was born on 6 September 1747, at the "Hôtel de Toulouse" in Paris. The prince de Lamballe, as he was known all his life, was the couple's only surviving son. He was one of seven children.

His father chose his bride, the Italian born Princess "Maria Luisa" Teresa of Savoy ""Mademoiselle de Carignan"". The wedding celebration lasted from 17 January 1767, until 27 January with feasts in Turin and Nangis. His father arranged the marriage to try and get his son to settle down as he was a well known womaniser. However after three months Louis Alexandre soon tired of his young wife and resumed his life of "débaucherie". He eloped with "Mademoiselle de La Chassaigne", an opera dancer, five months into his marriage. At one point, Louis Alexandre sold his wife's diamonds to raise money to pay his debts.

After a dissipated short life, Louis Alexandre died on 6 May 1768, sixteen months after his marriage, of a venereal disease at the Château de Louveciennes in the arms of his wife. He died without any children. His wife inherited part of his fortune. He was buried at the Royal Chapel, Dreux, France by his younger sister Louise Marie Adélaïde de Bourbon. 


Iran men's national volleyball team

The Iran men's national volleyball team is the national men's volleyball team of Iran. It is managed by the Islamic Republic of Iran Volleyball Federation (I.R.I.V.F.). It joins international volleyball competitions. 

They are currently the strongest team in Asia. They won the 2011 and 2013 Asian Volleyball Championships. They rank 10th in the FIVB World Rankings (as of September 2014). The team's home venues are Azadi Indoor Stadium and Azadi Volleyball Hall.


Emil Keres

Emil Keres (9 July 1925 – 1 April 2016) was a Hungarian actor and theatre director. He started his career in 1950. He starred in over 100 stage productions. He also appeared in over ten movies, including "Twenty Hours" (1965). He was awarded the Kossuth Prize in 1965. He was born in Szombathely.

Keres died on 1 April 2016 at the age of 90.

IC 2118

IC 2118, also known as the Witch head nebula, is a reflection nebula in the constellation of Eridanus. It is about 900 light-years away from Earth.

NGC 1300

NGC 1300 is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation of Eridanus. It is about 61 million light-years away from Earth. It has around 110,000 light-years of diameter, about the same size of the Milky Way galaxy. It is a member of a galaxy cluster, the Eridanus Cluster, consisting of at least 200 galaxies.

It was discovered by John Herschel in 1835, and was included in the New General Catalogue as the 1300th member. The galaxy is well known for its long, bright, barred galactic bulge.

The core of larger spiral arms of NGC 1300, the nucleus shows another inner grand-design spiral structure that is about 3,300 light-years long. These cases are rare, since it requires a galaxy with a large galaxy bars, to have the inner spiral. In a nutshell, the nucleus basically has another spiral arms in it, which makes it — a spiral in another spiral. Some models suggested that the arms can be pulled inwards, shaping a spiral into the nucleus, which may be pulled by the extreme gravity of a supermassive black hole at the very center of the galaxy.

NGC 1300 is not known to have an active nucleus, indicating it is not a quasar, nor accreting matter.

NGC 6302

NGC 6302, also known as the bug nebula or the butterfly nebula, is a planetary nebula in the constellation of Scorpius. It is about 3.4 thousand light-years away from Earth.

The spectrum of NGC 6302 shows that its central star is one of the hottest stars in the galaxy. Its surface temperature is over 250,000 degrees Celsius. This means the star from which it formed must have been very large.

The central star, a white dwarf, was only recently discovered by the upgraded Wide Field Camera 3 on board the Hubble Space Telescope. 

The star now has a mass of about 0.64 solar masses. It is surrounded by a dense disc of gas and dust. This dense disc may have caused the star's outflows to form a bipolar structure like an hour-glass. This bipolar structure shows many interesting features seen in planetary nebulae such as ionization walls, knots and sharp edges to the lobes.

Messier 7

Messier 7, also known as NGC 6475 or the Ptolemy cluster, is an open star cluster in the constellation of Scorpius. It is about 980 light-years away from Earth.

Lagoon Nebula

The Lagoon nebula, also known as Messier 8 and NGC 6523, is an emission nebula, H II region and interstellar cloud in the constellation of Sagittarius. It is about 4,100 light-years away from Earth.

NGC 1672

NGC 1672 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Dorado constellation. It is about 60 million light-years away from Earth.

Owl nebula

The Owl nebula is a planetary nebula in the constellation of Ursa Major. It is about 2,300 light-years away from Earth.

NGC 4102

NGC 4102 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation of Ursa Major. It is about 69 million light-years away from Earth.

NGC 4605

NGC 4605 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation of Ursa Major. It is about 15 million light-years away from Earth.

Messier 74

Messier 74, also known as NGC 628 and Phantom Galaxy is a spiral galaxy in the constellation of Pisces. It is about 32 million light-years away from Earth.

NGC 488

NGC 488 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation of Pisces. It is about 90 million light years away from Earth. Its diametre isn't more than 171000 light years. This galaxy is considered a prototype galaxy with multiple arms. It has a group, the NGC 488 Group and it's the unique galaxy of the group that it's insolated.
It was discovered by William Herschel on 13 December 1784. In NGC 488 appeared 2 supernovae.



NGC 520

NGC 520 is a pair of colliding spiral galaxy in the constellation of Pisces. It is about 90 million light-years away from Earth.

NGC 3521

NGC 3521 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation of Leo. It is about 26 million light-years away from Earth.

1994 Oregon Ballot Measure 16

In 1994, the people of Oregon voted to approve Oregon Ballot Measure 16. This measure created the Oregon Death with Dignity Act (ORS 127.800-995). The Death with Dignity Act made physician-assisted suicide legal in some cases. This means that if a competent adult with a terminal illness wanted to, they could get a prescription from a doctor. They could then use that prescription to kill themselves.

The Death with Dignity Act made Oregon the first state in the United States to made physician-assisted suicide legal. The law survived many legal challenges. The Attorney General of the United States even tried to stop the law. However, in 2006, in a case called "Gonzales v. Oregon", the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that Oregon could continue to use the Death with Dignity Act. Over the next ten years, four more states made physician-assisted suicide legal for terminally ill people.

Some states, like Oregon, allow citizens to vote on whether a law should be created. This is called a ballot measure. In 1994, Ballot Measure 16 was added to the voting ballot (the voting ticket) in the state of Oregon. The ballot measure asked if Oregon should pass a law that "Allows Terminally Ill Adults to Obtain Prescription for Lethal Drugs." The vote was close, but most voters said "yes":

Since the voters had approved the ballot measure, the Oregon Death with Dignity Act (DWDA) was created. However, the law did not go into effect until 1997. This was because a judge ordered an injunction a judge's order blocking the law from being used. Eventually, on October 27, 1997, the injunction was removed. 

In November 1997, the Oregon state legislature put another ballot measure on the voting ticket. They did this after the Supreme Court decided "Washington v. Glucksberg". In that case, the Supreme Court ruled in support of laws against physician-assisted suicide. This new ballot measure asked the voters if the Death with Dignity Act should be repealed. 60% of the voters said "no"; they wanted the Death with Dignity Act to stay:

The Oregon Death with Dignity Act (DWDA) allows a terminally ill person to get a prescription from a doctor that they can use to end their life. (The DWDA specifically says that people who use the DWDA are not committing suicide.) However, there are many requirements. For example:

In 2001, Attorney General John Ashcroft decided to try to stop the DWDA. He threatened to use a federal anti-drug law to punish doctors who wrote prescriptions under the DWDA. He threatened to take away their prescription licenses and even charge them as criminals. The state of Oregon, joined by a doctor, a pharmacist, and terminally ill patients, sued to stop Ashcroft. The case went all the way to the Supreme Court. The Court ruled in favor of Oregon. The Death with Dignity Act could continue.

Between 1998 and the end of 2015, 1,545 people have gotten prescriptions through the Death with Dignity Act. Of these people, 991 have chosen to use the medicine to end their lives. The other 554 (36%, or almost 2 in every 5 patients) chose never to use their prescriptions.

Of the 991 people who died from taking DWDA medications:

Many of the 991 people who used their medications had the same worries about dying. The most common were:

The law says that a person has to wait at least 15 days between asking to use the DWDA and getting a prescription. However, some people waited up to 1009 days (over two and a half years} before using their prescriptions.

After the Supreme Court's decision in "Gonzales v. Oregon", other states realized they could also legalize assisted suicide without getting into trouble with the federal government. Since the Death with Dignity Act was decided in 2006, four other states have made physician-assisted suicide legal: Washington, Montana, Vermont, and California.



Modulus

Modulus may refer to:



Nikolai Bayev

Nikolai Bayev (, "Nikoghayos Gevorkovich Bayev"; October 6, 1875 – August 5, 1949) was an Armenian architect, who worked in Baku and in the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic.

Baev was born in Astrakhan in 1875. He was a relative and childhood friend of Mariinsky Theatre singer Nadezhda Papayan. He studied in local gymnasium and then attended the Saint Petersburg Institute of Civil Engineering, from which he graduated in 1901. From 1911 to 1918 he worked as the main architect of Baku. During this period he constructed more than 100 buildings in Baku, including the Great Theatre of the Mailov Brothers (modern days Azerbaijan State Opera Theatre, 1911), Sabunchi Railway Station, a residential sector in the former Armenikend area of Baku, and other buildings.

In 1927 Bayev moved to Yerevan and from 1929 to 1930 worked as the head of "ArmSelStroy" (Armenian agency for rural construction), where he constructed about 200 buildings, among them Pioneer's Palace of Yerevan, State Bank of Armenian SSR, Ministry of Justice, Yerevan Mechanical factory, old hall of Sundukyan Theatre, "Ararat" trust buildings, etc. In 1945 he was awarded by the Honorary diploma of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Armenian SSR.

He was a member of Armenian Union of Architects (1942). Bayev's personal archive (1896-1949) is a part of Yerevan State Archive.



The Sundays

The Sundays were an English alternative rock band. They formed in the late 1980s. They released three albums in the 1990s.

The band started when Harriet Wheeler and guitarist David Gavurin met.

The Sundays got a record deal with the Rough Trade Records. Their first single, "Can't be Sure", was released in 1989. Their first album, "Reading, Writing and Arithmetic", was released in 1990. The album got very positive reviews. It entered the UK chart at #4. Later in 1990, the album peaked at #39 in the United States. Its success came mostly from radio stations playing "Here's Where the Story Ends".

In late October 1992, the next album, "Blind", was released. This album was also successful when it peaked at #103 on the "Billboard" 200. "Blind" sold half a million copies. The reviews were positive. Some critics thought the album didn't have the quality songwriting of the first album.

In autumn 1997, after five years, their third record, "Static & Silence", was released. It got mixed reviews. "Summertime", the first song on the album, was their most successful song the UK Charts up to that time.

The Sundays took a break after the album "Static & Silence".

Mitigating factor (United States)

When a person commits a capital crime, a mitigating factor is something that might help the person avoid getting the death penalty. ("To mitigate" means "to decrease." A "factor" is something that causes something else. So, in law, a mitigating factor is something that can cause punishment to decrease.)

Mitigating factors do not automatically result in decreased punishment. Judges and juries also think about aggravating factors things that are likely to cause a more severe punishment. 

Also, mitigating factors are not an excuse for committing a crime. They may help explain what caused a person to commit a crime, but they do not mean the person did nothing wrong. 

In the United States, mitigating factors are very important in death penalty cases. Mitigating factors can help prosecutors decide whether to ask for the death penalty. Also, the United States Supreme Court has ruled several times that judges and juries must think about mitigating factors before deciding on a sentence.

Since 1972, the Supreme Court has tried to make capital punishment in the United States fairer and more consistent. The Court has ruled that state laws cannot say a person "must" get the death penalty if they commit a certain crime, no matter what. To be fair, the Court ruled, each judge or jury has to think about whether an individual defendant deserves the death penalty. As Supreme Court Justice Harry Blackmun wrote in a 1994 case: 

As part of this process, the judge or jury has to think about mitigating factors that might make a less severe punishment fit better.

In "Lockett v. Ohio", , the Court ruled that state laws may not limit what mitigating factors judges and juries can consider. The Court added that mitigating factors should include:

In other words, as legal scholar Jeffrey Kirchmeier explains:
Each state has its own death penalty law. Each law gives a list of capital crimes in the state; aggravating factors that can make person more likely to get the death penalty; and specific mitigating factors. However, the mitigating factors listed in each state law are only examples of possible mitigating factors. Even if a state does not list a certain thing as a mitigating factor, a defendant can still bring up that factor in court.

The United States' federal courts can try people for federal crimes and can sentence them to death. Federal law includes a death penalty law, 18 U.S. Code § 3592. It says that when deciding whether or not to give a defendant the death penalty, the judge or jury must "consider any factor, including these:

While each state law is a little different, most of them list the same mitigating factors as the federal law. Examples of other mitigating factors in some of the states' laws include:

Oklahoma's sentencing law, Code Section OUJI-CR 4-78, just says that mitigating factors are: 

Alessandro Moreschi

Alessandro Moreschi (11 November 1858 – 21 April 1922) was a castrato singer of the late 19th century and the only castrato to make solo recordings.

All of Moreschi's recordings were made in Rome in two recording sessions for the Gramophone & Typewriter Company. The first series of recordings were made on 3 and 5 April 1902 by Will and Fred Gaisberg. Eighteen usable sides by the members of the Sistine Chapel Choir were made on wax. Four of them were solos by Moreschi. 

Many years later Fred Gaisburg remembered making these historic first recordings in the Vatican: "Selecting a great salon with walls covered with Titians, Raphaels, and Tintorettos, we mounted our grimy machine right in the middle of the floor." 

The second set of recordings was made in Rome in April 1904.

Alessandro was a member of the Sistine choir until Easter 1913. He then retired and got a pension after thirty years' service.

In retirement, Moreschi lived in his apartment, a few minutes' walk from the Vatican. He died there at sixty-three, possibly of pneumonia. His funeral mass was a large and public affair in the church of San Lorenzo in Damaso.


Saga

Sagas are stories mostly about ancient Nordic and Germanic life. Some are entirely invented, and some have an historical basis.

They tell about early Viking voyages, the battles that took place during the voyages, about migration to Iceland and of feuds between Icelandic families. They were written in the Old Norse language, mainly in Iceland.

The texts are tales in prose which share some similarities with the epic, often with stanzas or whole poems in alliterative verse embedded in the text, of heroic deeds of days long gone, "tales of worthy men," who were often Vikings, sometimes pagan, sometimes Christian. They are sometimes romanticised and fantastic, but always dealing with human beings one can understand.

The best sagas are recognised as fine literature. "Njál's Saga", or the "Saga of Burnt Njál", is one of the most famous.

In Old English (Anglo-Saxon), Beowulf is a saga written in England, and so is the later Gawain and the Green Knight, written in a West Midlands dialect. These are both works of the imagination, but Layamon's "Brut" (about 1200 AD) is based on English history since the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle".

"The Icelandic sagas are the backbone of all ... literature" from the Nordic countries, says Roy Jacobsen , a translator of Sagas of Icelanders, and author.


Institut aéronautique Jean Mermoz

The Institut aéronautique Jean Mermoz (IAJM) is a French airline pilot school created in 1957. It is in Rungis, Ile-de-France
The school is famous for its aviation books, published in French and also in English since 2016, thanks to a cooperation with the French Civil Aviation University.
The school is member of the International Association of Aviation Personnel Schools and is in partnership with the aerospace university IPSA to offer a double-degree MSc in aviation / airline pilot.


Rosendale Trestle

The Rosendale Trestle is a bridge in Ulster County, New York. It was completed in 1872. It also was a railroad. It is 940 feet long.

Least squares

Least squares is the name of a procedure in mathematics, to construct a function from a number of observed values. The basic idea is to construct the function in such a way that the sum of the difference between the observed value and its data point is minimized. Since the difference may go in either direction, the value of the difference is squared, for each value.

Carl Friedrich Gauss said he developed the method in 1795. He used it to recover the lost asteroid 1 Ceres and published it in 1807. He used ideas from Pierre-Simon Laplace. Adrien-Marie Legendre developed the same method independently, in 1805.


Assistance of Counsel Clause

The Assistance of Counsel Clause is a part of the Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution. It says: "In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right...to have the Assistance of Counsel for his defense." This means that anyone being accused of a crime has the right to have a lawyer help defend them. ("Counsel" is a legal word for "lawyer.")

Since the Constitution was written, many questions have come up about what exactly the Assistance of Counsel Clause means. The Supreme Court of the United States has made many decisions to answer these questions. The Court has decided that Americans have five different rights under the Assistance of Counsel Clause:

The Supreme Court case "Brewer v. Williams", , answered the question of when a person's right to a lawyer begins. In this decision, the Court said a person has the right to have a lawyer's help "at or after":

After any of these things happen, a person has the right to a lawyer whenever they are interrogated.

In the case "Escobedo v. Illinois", , the Court also decided that suspects have the right to a lawyer when they are being interrogated by the police, even if they have not been charged with a crime yet.

People who go in front of grand juries do not have the right to have a lawyer with them. This is because the Supreme Court does not think of grand juries as "criminal prosecutions." (A grand jury cannot find someone guilty of a crime or punish anyone; they can only decide that a person should be charged with a crime.)

Every defendant has the right to a lawyer without a conflict of interest. Here is an example of a conflict of interest: a lawyer is defending two different people. A client named Smith wants to blame his crime on another client named Jones. A lawyer is supposed to do what is best for their clients. Here, the lawyer cannot do that for both clients. If the lawyer blames Smith's crime on Jones in court, he is hurting Jones. If he does not blame the crime on Jones, he is refusing to defend Smith the way Smith wants. This is not fair to either client. Also, the lawyer cannot do the best possible job for both clients at the same time. 

To make sure they get a fair trial, every defendant has the right to a lawyer without a conflict of interest. It does not matter whether the defendant is paying the lawyer, or the lawyer was assigned for free. If a lawyer has a conflict of interest, and it hurts their defense of their client, an appeals court will automatically cancel the defendant's conviction. 

Defendants being charged with a crime have the right to be represented by the lawyer they want. However:

If a court violates a defendant's right to counsel of their choice, and the defendant appeals, the appeals court will automatically cancel the defendant's conviction.

Defendants have the right to have a lawyer assigned (appointed) to them for free, if:

The Supreme Court has ruled that Americans have the right to an effective lawyer. For example, if a defendant is charged with a crime, a court cannot appoint just any lawyer. The defendant must be given a lawyer who can try a criminal case, and can defend their client effectively.

The Supreme Court explained what "ineffective assistance of counsel" means in a case called "Strickland v. Washington" (1984). In this case, a defendant was convicted. He appealed, saying that his lawyer did not do a good enough job defending him. The Court ruled that he could only have a new trial if he proved:

If a defendant can prove these things to an appeals court, they have proved that their lawyer was ineffective (not effective). This means they have proved their Sixth Amendment rights were violated. They will then get a new trial with a different lawyer. 

In most cases, a defendant being charged with a crime has the right to defend himself. This is called "pro se" representation. It means the defendant has given up their right to have a lawyer. The defendant has decided to act as their own lawyer.

However, a court can rule that the defendant will not be able to give himself a good enough defense. If that happens, the court can rule that the defendant has to have a lawyer. 

Americans do not have the right to defend themselves in appeals courts. In these courts, a defendant must have a lawyer.


Rights of Englishmen

The Rights of Englishmen is an assumed group of rights that had its roots in the basic rights granted in the Magna Carta. The idea reached its peak during the British settlement of North America. By this time colonial Englishmen felt they were entitled to certain additional rights and liberties. These were over and above those already granted them by the English Monarchy. One of these perceived rights was the idea of no taxation without representation. This was a grievance of British colonists who believed that they were not directly represented in the British Parliament. They believed that any laws it passed affecting the colonists (such as the Sugar Act and the Stamp Act) were illegal under the Bill of Rights 1689, and were a denial of their rights as Englishmen. This led to the American Revolution and is expressed in the Declaration of Independence as "certain unalienable rights". They stopped thinking of themselves as Englishman and became Americans.

Sodomy laws in the United States

Sodomy laws in the United States were laws that made certain kinds of sexual activity illegal. In the past, there were federal laws against sodomy. Every state also had a sodomy law, even in the 20th century.

Starting in the 1960s, some states began to repeal (throw out) their sodomy laws. In 2003, in a case called "Lawrence v. Texas", the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that sodomy laws were unconstitutional. This means no sodomy law in the United States can be used to charge a person with a crime.

Most sodomy laws in the United States made both oral sex and anal sex illegal. However, state laws did not agree on "who" could not do these things. Every state law made sodomy between homosexual couples illegal. Other state laws also made sodomy illegal between heterosexual couples, if they were not married. The strictest laws made sodomy illegal in every case, even between married couples. Some sodomy laws also included bestiality in their definition of "sodomy."

The first sodomy laws in America were created when America was still a colony of the British Empire. In the Jamestown colony (the first permanent settlement in America), sodomy could be punished by execution. Sodomy could be punished by execution in many of the other American colonies as well. In cases of rape or statutory rape, the victim was often punished also. Sometimes the victim was executed along with their rapist. Historians are not sure exactly how many people were executed for sodomy in colonial America:

By the time the Bill of Rights was ratified in 1791, every state in the new United States had laws that treated sodomy as a crime.

Before 1963, every state in the United States had laws against sodomy. The states did change these laws so that sodomy was no longer a capital crime. However, punishments could be as severe as life in prison.

Ethics scholar Richard Weinmeyer writes:
According to the Mattachine Society, one of the oldest gay rights groups in the United States, these were the punishments for breaking sodomy laws in 1964:

In the 1960s, attitudes toward sex became much more liberal in the United States. As this happened, some states began to repeal their sodomy laws. Illinois was the first state to do this, in 1963. In the 1960s and 1970s, seventeen other states repealed their sodomy laws. Another seven states changed their laws to say that sodomy between heterosexual couples was not a crime. These seven states kept laws that made sodomy between homosexual couples a misdemeanor.

However, some states refused to change their laws. In 1986, the United States Supreme Court ruled that sodomy laws were constitutional, and that states could continue to use them.

By 2003, thirty-one of the fifty states had repealed their laws against sodomy. Fifteen states had laws left that made sodomy a crime. Four more had laws that made sodomy between same-sex couples a crime.

In 2003, the United States Supreme Court made a landmark decision in "Lawrence v. Texas". It ruled that Texas's sodomy law was unconstitutional. This ruling meant that no sodomy law in the United States was constitutional or could be used to charge a person with a crime. In other words, it made sexual activity between homosexuals legal in every state in America.

At this time, nineteen states still had sodomy laws that they had not repealed.

As of 2023, a total of 12 states had not repealed their sodomy laws, even though they cannot be used any more because of "Lawrence v. Texas". Nine of these state laws make both heterosexual and homosexual sodomy illegal:
Three more of these state laws ban homosexual sodomy specifically: Kansas, Kentucky, and Texas.

Since the ruling, 9 states and one territory have repealed their sodomy laws:

Gulf War oil spill

The Gulf War oil spill happened in January of 1991 during the Gulf War when Iraq troops were retreating from Kuwait. Shortly after Coalition forces (made up of 39 countries) started the air campaign against Iraq, Iraqi soldiers opened the valves at the Sea Island oil terminal. This released between five and ten million gallons of oil into the Persian Gulf—the largest oil spill in history. The spill was an environmental disaster. It destroyed the coastal habitats and marine wildlife in Kuwait and Saudi Arabia.

Hadizatou Mani

Hadizatou Mani (born 1984) is a human rights activist from Niger. In 2009, Mani received an International Women of Courage Award. 

In 1996, Mani was sold as a slave for $500. She was 12 years old. 

In 2003, slavery became illegal in Niger. Mani’s master did not tell her. Later, he said Mani was his wife, not his slave. 

Mani received her "certificate of liberation" in 2005, and she got married. Her old master took her to court for bigamy. She got a prison sentence of six months. 

Mani took the case to court. She worked with Timidria, a local NGO, and Anti-Slavery International, a British NGO. he brought the case to the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS). In 2008, ECOWAS said that Niger did not protect her rights. They said Niger had to pay her a fine of 10 million CFA francs. 


CFA franc

The West African CFA franc is the currency of eight countries in West Africa: Benin, Burkina Faso, Guinea-Bissau, Ivory Coast, Mali, Niger, Sénégal and Togo. CFA means "Communauté Financière d'Afrique" ("Financial Community of Africa") or Communauté Financière Africaine ("African Financial Community").
The Central African CFA franc has the same value as the West African CFA franc.

Reem Al Numery

Reem Al Numery is a children's rights activist in Yemen. In 2009 she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

When Al Numery was 12 years old, she had to marry her 30-year-old cousin. She protested the wedding, but her father gagged her and tied her up. After the wedding, she tried to kill herself twice. 

Al Numery's father would not let her have a divorce. A judge said she was too young to decide, and she could decide when she was 15 years old. Al Numery went to live with her mother. Her lawyer said she would appeal. Reem's father said he would kidnap her but Al Numery wanted to go to school. She got her divorce in 2010 



Veronika Marchenko

Veronika Marchenko is a Russian activist. In 2009 she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

Marchenko started the “Mother’s Right” Foundation in 1990 to bring attention to the deaths of Russian military people in peacetime. The organization helps families of soldiers who die in peacetime, and works against corruption. Many of the deaths are called suicides, so the families have trouble getting money after the death. 

In 2007, lawyers from Mother’s Right helped 132 families go to court for survivor's benefits. They also helped 5,323 families of men who died. 

The organization now helps 5000 people a year. They helped a total of 80,000 people. 

Mother's Right Foundation (English)

Pancuronium bromide

Pancuronium bromide is a type of medication called a muscle relaxant. Its brand name is Pavulon. It is used in medicine for many different things. It is also used in euthanasia. 

In the United States, pancuronium bromide is used in executions. It is one of three drugs that are given to prisoners being executed by lethal injection.

Normally, the brain sends chemical signals to the muscles to get them to work. Pancuronium bromide stops these signals from getting to the muscles. Without signals from the brain telling them to work, the muscles cannot move. Because of this, a person who is given enough pancuronium bromide will be completely paralyzed until the drug wears off. No muscle in their body will be able to move.

A dose of pancuronium bromide takes about 3-6 minutes to paralyze a person. The drug's effects last for about 100 minutes. A healthy adult usually needs 120 to 180 minutes to get most of their muscle movement back. There are antidotes to pancuronium bromide that will help reverse the drug's effects more quickly.

Pancuronium bromide paralyzes the breathing muscles along with all of the other muscles. This means that pancuronium bromide will stop a person from breathing. In hospitals, a person who is given pancuronium bromide is then a tube is put down their throat to pump oxygen into their lungs. This gives the body the oxygen it needs until the medication wears off, the breathing muscles can work again, and they can breathe in oxygen on their own.

Because the brain is not a muscle, pancuronium bromide does not paralyze the brain. This means that pancuronium bromide is not a sedative (it will not put a person to sleep), and it does not kill pain. If a person is given "only" pancuronium bromide, their brain will keep working normally even while their body is paralyzed. They will be awake and aware of what is going on, but unable to move.

Doctors use pancuronium bromide during surgery. It keeps the patient's body from moving, and makes it easier to put a breathing tube down their throat. It is always given along with anesthesia so the patient is asleep and does not feel pain.

Pancuronium bromide's most common side effects are:

In Belgium, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands, euthanasia is legal. Doctors are allowed to give medicines to terminally ill people who want to end their lives. In these three countries, pancuronium bromide is one of the medicines that doctors often use for euthanasia. First they give a sedative so the person goes into a deep sleep. Then they give pancuronium bromide, which stops the person's breathing.

In the United States, people sentenced to death by lethal injection have usually been executed using three different medications. Pancuronium bromide is the second medication. First, a sedative called sodium thiopenthal puts the prisoner into a deep sleep. Second, pancuronium bromide is given to keep the prisoner from moving and to stop their breathing. Third, potassium chloride is given to stop the prisoner's heart.

The use of pancuronium bromide in lethal injections is controversial. Some doctors and scientists say that potassium chloride is "extremely painful." They say that if not enough of the sedative medicine was given, nobody would be able to tell if the prisoner was in pain, because they would be paralyzed.

However, other doctors say that if the three drugs are given correctly, lethal injection should not cause pain. Because doctors are supposed to "do no harm", many executions are now done by people who are not doctors. Supporters of lethal injection say that prisoners have pain when these people make mistakes, not because of the drugs themselves.

Foreign national

A foreign national is a person who is visiting or living in a country where they are not a citizen.

The European Union has a different definition of "foreign national." In the European Union, a person is only thought of as a foreign national if they are not a citizen of any country in the European Union. These people are called "third party nationals," not "foreign nationals."

The United States Department of Homeland Security says that a foreign national as a person "who is a citizen of any country other than the United States."

In other words, a foreign national is a person who:

Aérocentre

Aérocentre is a French group of aerospace engineering companies and research centres. It is in the region of Centre-Val de Loire in the middle of France.

There are over 321 companies. About 20.000 people work there in the aviation and space flight industries.

The headquarters of Aérocentre is in Châteauroux. The chairman of the group is Jean-Michel Sanchez.



2014–15 La Liga

The 2014–15 La Liga season (known as the "Liga BBVA" for sponsorship reasons) was the 84th season of the premier association football league in Spain. The campaign began on 23 August 2014 and ended on 24 May 2015.

Barcelona won its 23rd title on 17 May 2015 after defeating defending champions Atlético Madrid at the Vicente Calderón Stadium.


 

Constitutional convention (political meeting)

A constitutional convention is a convention where an organization's constitution can be created, revised, or amended. A general constitutional convention is called to create the first constitution of a political unit or to entirely replace an existing constitution. An unlimited constitutional convention is called to revise an existing constitution. A limited constitutional convention is restricted to revising only a limited area of the current constitution. However, such conventions may decide to go beyond their original authority. For example, the United States Constitutional Convention of 1787 was supposed to be limited to amending the Articles of Confederation. Instead, they wrote an entirely new constitution.

The United States Constitution is silent regarding rules of how a constitutional convention would operate. There are no standards for states calling for a convention. Even calls for a constitutional convention made 50 to 100 years ago on an entirely different topic might be counted towards the required 34 states needed to call a constitutional convention. Oklahoma, for example, called for a convention in 1976 but then rescinded it in 2009. They were concerned that such a convention might make unforeseen changes in any area of the Constitution. Those in favor of a constitutional convention may want to count Oklahoma's call for a convention anyway.

Article Five of the United States Constitution provides "two" ways that constitutional amendments can be proposed:
Either way that amendments are proposed, they must then be ratified. Article Five gives two choices for how an amendment can be ratified. Congress chooses which way to use.

Congress has only used the second option once: after it proposed the 21 Amendment. (This amendment cancelled the 18 Amendment, which made alcohol illegal in the United States. The 21 Amendment made alcohol legal again.) At the time, Congress thought that this would be the more democratic option.

An organized body (when an organization already has a constitution, officers and by-laws) will usually have appointed a committee on credentials and a committee on program before the convention begins. The committee on credentials (also called registration) checks the identity of delegates and gives each one a name badge or card as evidence they belong there. A program committee should have copies of the program available to all delegates before the convention begins. Other committees may be appointed as necessary.

Convention (meeting)

A convention is a meeting of individuals who meet at an arranged place and time to discuss or engage in some common interest. The most common conventions are based upon industry, profession, and fandom. Trade conventions are usually about an industry or industry segment. They often include keynote speakers, vendor displays, and other information and activities of interest to the event organizers and those who attend the convention. Professional conventions focus on issues of concern to the profession. Fan conventions usually feature displays, shows, and sales based on pop culture and guest celebrities. Science fiction conventions are similar to both professional conventions and fan conventions. Conventions also exist for various hobbies, such as gaming or model railroads.

Convention

Convention may mean:


Ella Mitchell

Ella Mitchell (born 15 August 1937) is an American soul singer and actress. She is best remembered for playing Hattie Mae Pierce (Big Momma) in the 2000 comedy movie "Big Momma's House". She also played Evillene the evil witch in the Broadway theatre musical "The Wiz".


HMS Birkenhead

The HMS "Birkenhead" was a British troopship that sank on 25 February 1852 near Cape Town, South Africa. It was one of the first iron-hulled ships built for the Royal Navy. She was designed as a steam-powered frigate, but was converted to a troopship before being commissioned.

Many of the lifeboats could not be lowered because of poor maintenance and a thick layer of paint that kept the mechanisms from working. The soldiers famously stood aside and allowed the women and children to get into the working lifeboats safely. Only 193 of the 643 people on board survived. The chivalry shown by the soldiers gave rise to the "women and children first" protocol when abandoning ship. The "Birkenhead drill" is memorialized in Rudyard Kipling's poem "Soldier an' Sailor too":

The Birkenhead steamed out of Simon's Bay near Cape Town, South Africa on February 25, 1852 bound for Port Elizabeth, South Africa. The ship had been built by the famous Scottish John Laird family of Birkenhead, Merseyside, England. She was a 1400-ton ship that was just over 200 feet long. On board were 643 men, women and children as well as several officer's horses. Among the passengers were soldiers destined for the Queen's (second) Royal Regiment of Foot. They were commanded by Ensign Boylan, one corporal and 51 men.

The ship's captain, Robert Salmond, wanted to make the trip quickly so he hugged the South African coast staying about 3 miles (4.8 km) off the shore. That evening, everyone was resting in their hammocks below decks when the ship hit a hidden reef off a point now called "Point Danger". The impact ripped the ship open allowing the sea to pour in. The forward watertight compartment flooded immediately, drowning about 100 men in their hammocks. A second impact tore open the second of the two watertight compartments flooding it. The remaining officers and men assembled on the deck. Because the winches were not well maintained and clogged with paint, the two large lifeboats that could hold 150 people each could not be launched. The ship fired distress rockets but there were no other ships nearby. Two cutters and one gig (small boat) were launched. The order was given for the men to "stand fast" (remain where they were) allowing the women and children into the few boats available. The horses were freed so they could swim the approximately two miles (3.2 km) to shore. Twenty minutes after hitting the rock the ship broke up and sank. A few managed to swim to shore while most either drowned or were taken by sharks.

The schooner "Lioness" discovered one of the cutters the next morning and made it to the scene where they rescued as many people as they could. It was reported in The Times newspaper that there were 643 people on board the Birkenhead, but this was an estimate as the records were lost with the ship. The survivors included about 113 Army personnel of all ranks, 6 Royal Marines, 54 sailors, 7 women and 13 children. Eight horses made it to shore (a ninth broke its leg getting off the ship). The disaster was the start of the standard protocol of women and children first. The "Birkenhead Drill" became the best example of courage in the face of death.

A lighthouse was built at Danger Point in 1895 to warn ships of the dangerous reef. It is about 59 feet (18 metres) tall and can be seen for about 25 nautical miles out to sea. A memorial to the Birkenhead disaster is at the base and points to the rock where the ship sank.


Constitutional Convention

Constitutional convention may refer to:



Petra Herrera

Colonel Petra Herrera, also known as "Pedro Herrera", was a Mexican "soldadera". She fought as a revolutionary in the Mexican Revolution.

Petra Herrera changed herself into "Pedro" Herrera and joined the revolutionary troops of Pancho Villa. She changed her looks and became more masculine. She invented tricks like saying she shaved at dawn before the other soldiers were awake. She was known for her courage, and for her specialty of blowing up bridges.

As "Pedro" Herrera, she was well-liked. She was accepted as a leader. She decided to reveal that she was a woman, but the revolutionary leaders would not give her a military rank.

Herrera decided to leave Pancho Villa's group. She created a group of women who, like her, wanted to fight at the front. Sources say there were tens of thousands of them.

Herrera was in the biggest fight of the war to that date, the second battle of Torreón in 1914. With 400 other women, she took the city on May 30, 1914. Cosme Mendoza Chavira, another follower of Villa, said ""Ella fue quien tomo Torreón y apago las luces cuando entraron en la ciudad"" (She was the one who took Torreón and turned out the lights when they entered the city.") Conventional history does not say anything about the participation of Petra Herrera. Villa gave the role of Petra Herrera in the revolution to an unknown woman.

At the end of the fighting, she asked to be a general and to continue to fight, but they only gave her a promotion to colonel. Later, the women under her command were disbanded. It is not clear how Herrera died. Some say she finished her military days as a spy. They say she was attacked by bandits and died from the wounds. Others say she died in the cross fire between the federal soldiers and the revolutionaries in Zacatecas. Others say she formed her own brigade of 25,000 women and lived in a camp where men could not enter without being attacked. Still others say she ended her existence as a waitress in the city of Juarez in Chihuahua.

Bothriolepis

Bothriolepis is a genus of antiarch placoderms. It was widespread and diverse in the middle to late Devonian. 

"Bothriolepis" lived in environments across every continent including near-shore marine and freshwater settings. Most species of "Bothriolepis" were small, benthic, freshwater detritivores. They got nutrients by eating decomposing plant/animal material. They were about in length. However, the largest species, "B. maxima", had a carapace about in length. 

Over 70 species are found across the world, but this is also typical of modern bottom dwelling species around today.

Arthrodire

The Arthrodires (Arthrodira) are an order of extinct armoured, jawed fishes of the class Placodermi. They flourished in the Devonian period before their sudden extinction, surviving for about 50 million years and living in most marine ecological niches.

Greek for "jointed neck", the arthrodires had movable joints between armour plates surrounding the head and body. The mouth is interesting. As the lower jaw moved down, the head shield moved, allowing a large opening. Lacking distinct teeth, like all placoderms, they used the sharpened edges of a bony plate as a biting surface. The eye sockets are protected by a bony ring, a feature shared by birds and some ichthyosaurs. 

Early arthrodires, such as the genus "Arctolepis", were well-armoured fishes with flattened bodies. The largest member of this group, "Dunkleosteus", was a true superpredator of the latest Devonian period, from 3 to 9 m in length. In contrast, the long-nosed "Rolfosteus" measured just 15 cm.

A common misconception is the arthrodires were sluggish bottom-dwellers that were outcompeted by more advanced fish. But during their reign, the arthrodires were one of the most diverse and numerically successful vertebrate orders of the Devonian. They occupied a vast spectrum of roles from apex predator to detritus-nibbling bottom dweller. The arthrodires were one of many groups eliminated by the mass extinctions of the late Devonian. This let other fish such as sharks diversify into the vacant ecological niches during the Carboniferous period.

Captain Forever

Captain Forever is the name for several space shooter indie games created by Jarred "Farbs" Woods. There are six total versions of the games in the series.

In "Captain Forever," the player is the pilot of a ship that can be expanded or upgraded using parts (such as blasters or boosters) found from other defeated ships. The goal is to stay alive for as long as possible. The game advances by defeating ships of progressive difficulty (represented by color) You lose the game after the pilot is destroyed.

"Captain Successor" was released in 2009, and included new parts.

"Captain Impostor" was released in 2010 for supporters of the game, and included some updates

"Captain Jameson" was a new project, but scrapped in 2013. This served as the framework for the next game, "Dawn Star."

"Dawn Star" updated the game with new aesthetics and mechanics. Originally called "Captain Jameson Reboot."

"Captain Forever Remix" was released in 2015 by Jarred "Farbs" Woods with Dean Tate and Brian Chan, working with Pixelsaurus games. "Captain Forever Remix" added many new parts to the ship, and, allowed for parts to be unlocked, and a series of definitive levels (represented by planets in the solar system). The game also styles the pilot as a young girl imagining the game, playing against her brother, the antagonist of the game. Progression through the planets is achieved by destroying ships of a certain level.

"Captain Forever" won the Best Game award at China's first Independent Games Festival in 2009.

Battle of the Atlantic

The Battle of the Atlantic was the longest continuous military campaign in World War II to defeat the Germans in 1945. The British Royal Navy repeated the blockade of Germany of World War II, and Germany repeated its attempt to blockade Britain by using U-boats. The German Navy also tried to use surface warships in the Atlantic Ocean, but lost them in various battles.

Paris Square (Jerusalem)

Paris Square (, "Kikar Pariz", also called France Square = "Kikar Tzarfat)" is a square or plaza in Jerusalem. The name France Square was established in 1959. In 2007 the city of Paris gave Jerusalem a "French Fountain" that was built in the middle of the square. From that time the square has been called "Paris Square".

Moscow Square (Jerusalem)

Moscow Square (, "Kikar Moskva," ) is a public square in Jerusalem, Israel. The square was dedicated in 2007 during the visit of the mayor of Moscow Yury Luzhkov in Israel. The square is the center of the Russian Compound next to the Russian church.

Rome Square (Jerusalem)

Rome Square (, "Kikar Roma", ) is a public square in Jerusalem, Israel. The square was dedicated in 2009 during the visit of the mayor of Rome Gianni Alemanno. The square in located next to the Italian Jews Museum and the Italian Synagogue in Jerusalem. 

Võ Thị Sáu

Võ Thị Sáu (Đất Đỏ, 1933 – January 23, 1952) was a Vietnamese hero. She was a schoolgirl who fought against the French. (Vietnam was a French colony until 1954.) She was a guerilla fighter.

She was born Phước Thọ Commune, Đất Đỏ District in 1933. In 1948, she started helping the Viet Minh. Many of her friends and family were part of the Viet Minh. She was a contact for the guerillas and passed information to the fighters.

When she was 14, she attacked some French soldiers. She threw a grenade at them. A Captain was killed. Twelve soldiers were hurt. She was not caught.

In 1949, she made another attack. She threw a grenade at a man who was in charge of executions (a canton chief.) The attack did not work: the grenade didn't explode. The French police caught her after the attack. She was sent to prison.

Sáu went to three different prisons. The last prison she went to was Côn Sơn Prison in the Côn Đảo Islands. She was executed (killed) on 23 January 1952. She was 18 years old.

Today, she is considered a martyr. She is buried in Hàng Dương Cemetery on Côn Sơn Island. Many Vietnamese people come to worship at her grave.

Electromagnetic hypersensitivity

Electromagnetic hypersensitivity (EHS) is a condition where a person feels unwell, which people who have it believe it to be due to being near electromagnetic fields. Other names for it include electrohypersensitivity, electro-sensitivity, and electrical sensitivity (ES). Wi-Fi allergy is a form of EHS.

According to the World Health Organization, EHS is described by vague symptoms that are different in each person. The symptoms are real and can be weak or strong and can make some disabled. There is no specific list of features to diagnose someone, and there is no scientific link between electromagnetic fields and how people feel. EHS is not a medical diagnosis. People who claim to have EHS blame it for headaches, fatigue, stress, sleep disturbances, skin symptoms like prickling, burning sensations and rashes, pain and aches in muscles, and many other health problems. Although electromagnetic fields can make the body hot, people who say they have EHS say they feel sick at very low levels.

Most experiments show that people who claim to have EHS can't correctly tell if they are near EM radiation or not, and the medical and scientific communities don't think its a real illness. Several double-blind experiments suggest that people who say they have EHS can't detect if electromagnetic fields are present, and are just as likely to report feeling sick after a phony exposure as they are after real exposure, making scientists think it is the nocebo effect.

In the TV show "Better Call Saul", Jimmy McGill's brother Chuck stays at home and believes he suffers from electromagnetic hypersensitivity.


Better Call Saul

Better Call Saul is an American television series created by Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould. It is a spin-off another show, "Breaking Bad". "Better Call Saul" is set in 2002 and follows the story of a lawyer James "Jimmy" McGill (Bob Odenkirk), six years before he appeared on "Breaking Bad".

The first season consists of 10 episodes. The show's 10-episode second season premiered on February 15, 2016. On March 15, 2016, the series was renewed for a 10-episode third season.

Like the show that came before it, "Better Call Saul" has been praised by critics. It has been nominated for several awards, including four Primetime Emmy Awards, three Writers Guild of America Awards, two Critics' Choice Television Awards, a Screen Actors Guild Award and a Golden Globe Award. The first episode held the record for the highest-rated scripted series premiere in basic cable history.

United Nations Assistance Mission for Rwanda

The United Nations Assistance Mission for Rwanda (UNAMIR) was created by the United Nations Security Council in October 1993. This was just after the end of the Rwandan Civil War. UNAMIR's goals were to help put a peace agreement into place, monitor how well it was going, and support the new government.

However, on April 7, 1994, while UNAMIR was in Rwanda, the Rwandan genocide started. The genocide lasted 100 days. During that time, 800,000 people were killed; 2 million became refugees in other countries; another two million had to run away to different parts of Rwanda; and up to 250,000 women were raped.

The UNAMIR ended in March 1996. Since the genocide, the United Nations has admitted that they failed to prevent the Rwandan genocide.

In a genocide, many or all people in a group are killed because of their ethnicity, religion, or political opinions. In the Rwandan genocide, members of an ethnic group called the Tutsi ("abatutsi") were killed because of their ethnicity. The killers were extremist members of another ethnic group called the Hutu ("abahutu"). The Hutu killers also killed other Hutus whose political beliefs were not as extreme as theirs.

In 1994, almost all Rwandan people (85%) were Hutus. However, for many years, the Tutsi minority had more power and ran the Rwandan government. From 1990-1993, the two groups had fought a civil war about who would control the government. This war ended with a peace treaty in 1993. One of the reasons UNAMIR got involved was to make sure both sides obeyed that agreement.

However, on April 6, 1994, an airplane carrying the Presidents of Rwanda and Burundi was shot down. Both Presidents were Hutus. Nobody knows for sure who shot down the plane. However, the Hutu extremists blamed a Tutsi rebel group, and right away, they started killing Tutsis. The Rwandan genocide began that day.

There were not many countries in the United Nations that were interested in sending peacekeeping troops to Rwanda, even before the genocide started. France was an ally of the Hutu-led government, and did not want to fight it. The United States had just had soldiers tortured and killed in Somalia a year before, and did not want to get into another fight in Africa." Also, many countries thought there was nothing in it for them if they helped Rwanda. Rwanda had no important natural resources, like oil or gold, and it was tiny. It took five months to get United Nations member countries to offer enough soldiers for this mission.

Once the genocide started, UNAMIR ran into a serious problem. UNAMIR has to get its "mandate" (its powers, goals, and orders for a mission) from the United Nations Security Council. For this mission, UNAMIR's mandate did "not" include stopping the genocide or protecting civilians. At this time, UNAMIR soldiers were only allowed to shoot their weapons in self-defence, if somebody was attacking them personally. They were not allowed to use their weapons or get involved to protect civilians who were being attacked.

Once they saw what was happening in Rwanda, the UNAMIR Commander, Roméo Dallaire, and Belgian peacekeepers asked the Security Council to give them more power and soldiers to stop the killings. However, the United Nations member countries refused to change these rules for UNAMIR. They and other world leaders talked about the genocide as 'just another ethnic conflict' and said these types of things would always go on in Africa.

After ten of its soldiers were tortured and killed trying to protect the prime minister, Belgium pulled the rest of its soldiers out of Rwanda.

More and more, UNAMIR's peacekeeping troops were being attacked. Other countries began to copy Belgium and pull their soldiers out of Rwanda. Some members of the United Nations Security Council, like the United States, argued strongly that the UN should take "all" of its peacekeeping troops out of Rwanda. Eventually, the Security Council decided to decrease the number of troops UNAMIR was allowed to have. On April 21, 1994, as the genocide was spreading across Rwanda, the Security Council decreased the number of allowed UNAMIR troops from 2,548 to 270 a decrease of almost 90%.

UNAMIR's Commander, Roméo Dallaire, kept asking the United Nations for more troops. On May 15, the Security Council increased UNAMIR's allowed number of troops to 5,500. However, it took almost six months for UN member countries to volunteer this many troops. Meanwhile, the genocide continued.

France offered to lead a humanitarian mission in southwest Rwanda while UNAMIR was trying to gather more troops. The Security Council approved this mission on June 22, 1994. France called the mission "Operation Turquoise."

During this operation, soldiers from France and other countries set up a "safe zone" in southwest Rwanda. This was meant to be an area where people could come to be protected from Hutu attacks. Historians think that Operation Turquoise saved 13,000 to 14,000 lives.

However, many people have accused France of not doing enough to stop the genocide in its safe zone. Here are some of the things France's accusers say:
France says it never did these things.

Operation Turquoise ended in August 1994, when UNAMIR took over the safe zone.

Together with the Ugandan army, a Tutsi rebel group called the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) fought the extremist Hutus. Bit by bit, they took control of more parts of Rwanda. Finally, on July 4, 1994, they took control of Kigali, Rwanda's capital city.

After this, about two million Hutus ran away from Rwanda to Zaire. This group included many of the genocide's leaders. With the RPF in control of the country, the killings stopped.

UNAMIR stayed in Rwanda for about two years after the genocide stopped. It worked on finding homes for refugees, clearing landmines, and helping with humanitarian aid. Meanwhile, the United Nations raised $762 million to help the genocide victims and to help rebuild the country. However, Rwanda did not want UNAMIR to stay in its country. Rwandan leaders told the United Nations that the UN did not help with what Rwanda really needed. It asked UNAMIR to leave Rwanda. In March 1996, UNAMIR did.

Since the end of the Rwandan genocide, many people have blamed the United Nations for failing to prevent or stop the genocide.

In 2000, United Nations Security Council admitted that it did fail to prevent the genocide. They said that they could have helped stopped the killings, but they did not.

In 1999, Kofi Annan, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, asked for an independent report about the Rwandan genocide. He wanted to know why the United Nations and the world had "failed" to stop the Rwandan genocide. The report said that the major failures were:

Also, at the time, historic things were happening in South Africa. Apartheid was ending. The international mass media chose to focus on that instead of what was happening in Rwanda. They, like the UN, saw the Rwandan genocide as just another fight between African tribes. Because there was little to no news broadcasts about Rwanda, most people in the world did not know what was going on there. They could not push their governments to get involved.

Martin Dominque argues that world leaders may not have wanted to send troops to Africa because they had the wrong ideas about what African people are like. If they thought African people were always fighting each other and always would, they would think the Rwandan genocide was no different.

Since the independent report came out in 1999, the UN and the United States have released documents that used to be classified. These documents prove that the UN and the United States:

Roméo Dallaire also says he tried many times to warn the United Nations that a disaster was coming in Rwanda. Finally, he sent a fax to the military adviser of the Secreretary-General of the United Nations. He said he had secretly spoken with a leader of the Hutu militia. This man told him his soldiers were trained and ready to kill Tutsis. For example, he said, his soldiers could kill 1,000 Tutsi in 20 minutes. The man said he thought that huge massacres of Tutsis were about to begin. Finally, he told Dallaire where the Hutu militia were keeping many of their weapons.

In his fax, Dallaire said he wanted to take action and take away those weapons. If the weapons were not taken away, they would be used to kill Tutsis.

The next day, he received a fax back from Kofi Annan, who was in charge of peacekeeping at the United Nations. He ordered Dallaire not to take any action. He told Dallaire that protecting citizens was not part of UNAMIR's mandate. About three months later, the Rwandan genocide began.


Kollam temple fire

On 10 April 2016 at around 3:30 am Indian Standard Time, there was an explosion and fire at the Puttingal Temple in Paravur, Kollam, Kerala, India. The incident happened when firework celebrations went out of control. More than 100 people were killed. More than 350 were injured, some with severe burns. The temple did not have permission from Kerala Government authorities to do a competitive fireworks display.

Marie Christine de Rouvroy

Marie Christine de Rouvroy (May 7, 1728 - July 4, 1774) was a French noblewoman. She was later a member of the House of Grimaldi by marriage. She was a granddaughter of the famous writer, the "duc de Saint-Simon" (1675-1755). She was known as the Countess of Valentinois or as Princess Charles Maurice of Monaco. She was a lady-in-waiting to three of the daughters of Louis XV of France and to the Countess of Provence.

Her parents were Jacques Louis de Rouvroy, Duke of Ruffec (1698-1746) and his wife Catherine Charlotte Thérèse de Gramont (1707-1755). She was known as "Mademoiselle de Ruffec" before marriage. she was formally married to Prince Charles Maurice Grimaldi of Monaco, "Count of Valentinois" on 10 December 1749. The wedding took place in the private chapel of the Hôtel Saint-Simon in Paris with the express permission of Louis XV. The couple eventually separated in 1766, having had no children.


Złotoryja

Złotoryja (German: Goldberg, Latin: Aurum) it's a town in southwest Poland in Lower Silesian Voivodeship. Złotoryja is a capital of Złotoryja County.

Since 1945 Złotoryja was a part of German Reich.

Since 8th until 10th century in the area of Złotoryja lived people from tribe called Trzebowianie. At the end of the 12th century German miners settled here.

In 1211 Złotoryja received the city law. In 1241 miners from Złotoryja fought in Battle of Legnica against Mongols. 

Złotoryja was Czech fief since 1328.

Impuzamugambi

The Impuzamugambi was a militia that was created in Rwanda in 1992. "Impuzamugambi" means "those with the same goal" in Kinyarwanda, Rwanda's official language.

The Impuzamugambi was made of young people from an ethnic group called the Hutus. A similar militia, the Interahamwe, was also made of young Hutus. Together, these two militias killed tens of thousands of Tutsis, members of another ethnic group, in the Rwandan genocide. They also killed some Hutus who did not agree with the pro-Hutu government.

In 1992, two political parties that supported the Hutu president created the Impuzamugambi and the Interahamwe. These political parties were extremist pro-Hutu groups.

The militias got training from the Rwandan army. Some groups and witnesses have said that French soldiers also trained the militias. One of the militias' commanders bragged that his men were so well trained that they could kill 1,000 Tutsis in 20 minutes.

On April 6, 1994, Rwanda's President, Juvénal Habyarimana, and Burundi's President were in an airplane that got shot down. Both men were Hutus. As the United States Department of State said later:
Within half an hour of the airplane crash, the Impuzamugambi and the Interahamwe started blocking the roads in Kigali, Rwanda's capital city. All Rwandans had to carry identification cards that said their ethnic group on them. The militias killed every Tutsi they found.

The militias kept using roadblocks, which became an important part of Rwanda's genocide strategy:

During the first few days of the genocide, the Rwandan Army and the Presidential Guard took charge of executing people in Kigali. However, the Impuzamugambi and the Interahamwe were with them, and the soldiers taught them what to do. Soon, they were working together. First the soldiers would fire grenades, tear gas, and machine guns into places where Tutsis might be staying. Then the militia were allowed to go in and kill everybody inside. Often, they used machetes or clubs to kill people. Then the soldiers and militia would search, inch by inch, to find anyone who might still be hiding.

In this way, the Rwandan army and the militias killed 20,000 people in the first five days of the genocide.

According to Human Rights Watch, before April 6, the militias had only about 2,000 members, mostly in Kigali. However: "Once the genocide began and militia members began reaping the rewards of violence, their numbers [increased quickly] to between twenty and thirty thousand for the [whole] country[.]" Eventually, the Impuzamugambi and the Interahamwe grew so much that together they had 50,000 members. That was half as many members as the regular Rwandan Army had.

This allowed the militias to spread the genocide around Rwanda. There were militia all over the country. However, the militia did not do all of the killing in the genocide. They encouraged, and sometimes forced, regular people to kill their Tutsi neighbors, friends, wives, or husbands. If they did not do this, they would be killed themselves.

The militias massacred groups of Tutsis who were trying to hide in places like schools and churches. For example, on April 21, 1994, in the Murambi Technical School massacre, militia members killed almost 65,000 Tutsis in one day.

The militias also raped and sexually assaulted many women and girls. Overall, during the genocide, between 150,000 and 250,000 women and girls were raped (though there is no way to know how many of these crimes were committed by militia, and how many by army members).

The Ugandan army joined the a Tutsi rebel army in fighting the extremist Hutus. Bit by bit, they took control of more parts of Rwanda. Finally, on July 4, 1994, they took control of Kigali.

After this, about two million Hutus ran away from Rwanda to Zaire (now called the Democratic Republic of the Congo). With the Tutsis in control, the genocide ended.

Many of the Impuzamugambi were among the two million people who fled from Rwanda to eastern Zaire. The Tutsi and Ugandan armies went after them. According to the BBC, "Human rights groups say the [Tutsi rebel army] killed thousands of Hutu civilians as they took power and more after they went into [Zaire] to [follow] the [militias]." However, there is no way to know how many members of the Impuzamugambi may have been killed.

However, an international court was able to convict two of the Impuzamugambi's commanders: Hassan Ngeze and Jean Bosco Barayagwiza. In 1995, the United Nations Security Council set up the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR). Its goal was to prosecute people who took part in genocide, war crimes, or crimes against humanity.

In 2003, the ICTR found both Ngeze and Barayagwiza guilty of planning and leading the genocide; trying to get other people to commit genocide; and crimes against humanity. They were both sentenced to life in prison. The sentence against Barayagwiza was later decreased to 35 years due to a legal mistake. He will stay in prison for at least 27 years.


Free France

The Free French Forces were a free army during the Nazi occupation of France in World War II. It started in 1940. It ended in 1944 because of the invasion of Normandy. These forces made a major impact on the German army by destroying railroads and attacking German units.

Prince Charles Maurice, Count of Valentinois

Prince Charles Maurice, Count of Valentinois (14 May 1727 – 18 January 1798) was a Monégasque prince and member of the House of Grimaldi. He was known by his title Count of Valentinois. He had a fairly importanmt military career and was also a Grandee of Spain. He is also sometimes referred to as Prince Charles Maurice of Monaco. 

Born at the ""Hôtel Matignon"" in Paris, he was the eighth child of the reigning Princess Louise Hippolyte of Monaco and her husband Prince Jacques I. His father was the Duke of Valentinois but the title was given to Charles Maurice to be used as a Count. 

His older brother Honoré III would later become the next Prince of Monacao when their father died in 1751. 

Married on 10 November 1749 to Marie Christine de Rouvroy the couple were married in Paris with the express permission of Louis XV of France. They separated in 1766 having had no children together. 

At the age of 18 he partook in the Battle of Fontenoy For his military abilities he was awarded the Order of the Golden Fleece. 

ENSTA Paris

École nationale supérieure de techniques avancées (ENSTA ParisTech) is a engineering graduate school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Paris-Saclay.

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at ENSTA ParisTech.

Most of the 600 graduate engineer students at ENSTA ParisTech live in dedicated residential buildings nearby research labs and metro public transports.

Admission to the "ENSTA ParisTech engineering Programme" implemented at ENSTA ParisTech is possible after two/three year scientific undergraduate studies and requires success to either: 
The "ENSTA Programme" typically lasts three years and results in a master's degree, augmented with international experience. Thus undergraduate studies + the ENSTA Programme account for more than a cumulated 300 ECTS credits as applicable in the European education system.
However, graduate students enrolled in the TIME double degree procedure are required to spend two-years at ENSTA ParisTech and spend two years in the TIME-partner institute for a total of four years resulting in a double master's degree.

Research activities at ENSTA ParisTech relate to the following topics:



Wind instrument

A wind instrument is a type of musical instrument where the player blows into (or over) a mouthpiece to produce sound. They typically fit into two categories: woodwind instruments and brass instruments. Woodwind instruments include oboe, clarinet, flute, and saxophone. The brass instruments include the bugle, trumpet, trombone, cornet and tuba. 

Kawasaki Heavy Industries C151

The Kawasaki Heavy Industries C151 is a type of train used by Singapore's Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) system. It is the first generation rolling stock on the MRT and is one of the five types of electric multiple units on the North South and East West Lines.

The trains were introduced in 1987 and are still in operation. There are sixty-six trainsets with six cars each. There is a single money trainset with four cars that was used to collect money from different stations. It has been withdrawn from service. These trains are operated by SMRT Trains.

The trains were upgraded between 2006 and 2008, mainly to improve the trains' appearances. Most of the important parts for the trains' functioning were not replaced as they were still considered in good condition. However, due to what was considered one of the MRT's worst breakdowns in its history, a second upgrade was planned to replace these important parts, but the Land Transport Authority paused the upgrades as they wanted to replace the trains entirely instead. Currently, only a few trains have these parts replaced.

The train currently has a black livery with a red stripe, similar to that of the C751B and C151A. Before upgrades, it had a white livery with red stripe, similar to the C651.

After the upgrades, the number of seats in a row was reduced from 9 to 7, and more grab poles and straps were installed.

The C151 is made out of 2 3-car trainsets permanently coupled together. Each trainset is assigned a unique number, and each carriage has its own number. There are 132 trainsets numbering 001-132. There would either be normal coupled (099/100) or cross coupled (001/100). A complete set would be coupled together as such:

DT-M1-M2-M2-M1-DT

DT- driving trailer (3) <br> M1/2 motor car 1/2 (1/2)

The first number of the four numbers is the carriage number, DT (3), M1(1), M2(2).

The second number is the identification number. For the C151, this number is either a '0' or a '1'.

The third and fourth number is the trainset number 

For example, trainset 099/100 would consist of: <br> 3099-1099-2099-2100-1100-3100


El Hedim Square

El Hedim Square (, "the square of demolition") is a famous square in Meknes, Morocco. The square was built in the years 1672-1674 after the Sultan of Morocco, Moulay Ismail, demolished half of the Old city of Meknes for his palace and the square. the Mansour Gate is in the front of the square.

Buprestidae

Buprestida is a family of beetles. In English, they are known as jewel beetles or metallic wood-boring beetles, because of the coloring of their carapace. 

The family is among the largest of the beetles, with some 15,000 recent species in 450 genera. In addition, almost 100 fossil species have been described.

Moroccan riad

A Moroccan riad is a traditional Moroccan house or palace with an inside garden or courtyard. A riad normally has two or more storeys around an Andalusian-style courtyard that contained a fountain. They usually do not have outside-facing windows. Riads were the city homes of the wealthiest citizens such as merchants and courtiers. The name riad comes from the Arabic word ‘ryad’, meaning a garden.



Income tax in the United States

In the United States, people have to pay income taxes to the United States government, most state governments, and many local governments. This means that people have to pay taxes to these governments, based on how much money they earn.

Income taxes are based on what a person earns in one calendar year between January 1 and December 31.

When it takes income taxes, the government takes a percentage of a person's income. This percentage is called an income tax rate. In other words, the income tax rate is the part, or portion, of a person's income that the government takes.

The United States government, and most states, use "progressive" tax rates. This means that as a person earns more income, their income tax rate gets higher. In other words, as a person earns more money, they have to pay more taxes.

Every year, the government divides incomes into categories. These categories are called tax brackets. Each tax bracket includes a range of incomes the lowest and highest amounts a person could earn to be in that tax bracket.

Tax brackets are important because each one is taxed at a different tax rate. In other words, a person in a higher income category has to pay a larger percentage of their income in taxes. The tax rates for each different tax bracket are called marginal tax rates.

For example, in 2016, these are the tax brackets and marginal tax rates for single people:

However, this does not mean that a person making $415,051 is paying 39.6% of that entire $415,051 in income taxes. Tax rates in the United States are "marginal." This means that different portions of a person's income get taxed at different rates. 

For example, if a person earns $9,276 in a year, they do not have to pay 15% of that whole amount. The first $9,275 that they earned falls into the first tax bracket ($0 $9275, which has a 10% tax rate). The person pays the 10% tax rate for all of their income that fell into that tax bracket. The person has only $1 left in income that falls into the next tax bracket ($9,276 $37,650). They only have to pay that tax bracket's tax rate of 15% on that one dollar.

In other words, what the chart above really means is that in 2016, for a single person:

Usually, the government uses a person's gross income to decide how much they should be taxed. A person's gross income is every dollar they have earned in a year.

However, there are some types of income that the government cannot take as part of income taxes.

Deductions are certain kinds of costs that the government does not tax. The government will decrease (or "deduct") these costs from a person's gross income. This means the government will be taxing the person on less income.

There are many kinds of deductions. There are some deductions that anyone who pays taxes can take. For example, if a person has paid to move, paid into a retirement fund, or paid student loan interest, they can take these costs off their gross income. The government will not tax these costs.

The federal government also gives a "standard deduction" to most people who are paying income taxes. For example, in 2015, the standard deduction for a single person was $6,300. The government does not tax this amount.

Sometimes people have other deductions that will add up to more than the standard deduction. These can also be used to decrease the amount of income the government can tax a person on. 

The federal government allows each person who files taxes to take a tax deduction called a "personal exemption." When the United States Congress created tax rules in 1954, they thought a certain amount of money should not be taxed so that a person could spend that money on food, housing, and other basic needs. In 2015, the personal exemption for one person was $4,000. Most people can take another exemption for their spouse, and another for each child in their home.

Many states have their own deductions. For example, if a person in Massachusetts pays rent to a landlord, they can deduct half of their rent (up to $3,000) from the amount of income the government can tax them on.

The federal government also offers tax credits. This means that if a person spends money on certain things, and meets all the rules of the credit program, the credit can be up to 35 percent of your qualifying expenses, depending upon your adjusted gross income. For example, the Child and Dependent Care Credit is for parents who work, but have to pay over $3,000 a year for someone to take care of their children while they are working. Each credit has many different rules that people must meet. However, if they do meet them, the federal government will take $3,000 off of their taxes, to help the parents continue to work.

Every year, most people in the United States must file a report of their income from the year, their deductions, credits, and any other special tax issues. This report is called a tax return. The tax return helps work out what a person might owe the government in taxes. On the other hand, if a person has been paying their taxes bit by bit, the government may owe "them" money. This is called a tax refund.

Usually, all tax returns are due by April 15. However, because of holidays in Washington, D.C., sometimes "Tax Day" comes a few days later.

There are a five different ways that a person, or a couple, can file their tax returns:

Sometimes a person fits into more than one of these categories. If this happens, they are allowed to file their taxes using the category that will let them pay the least amount of taxes.

Filing status is important because many things change based on what filing status a person files their taxes under. For example:

Here is a basic example of how a person would work out what they have to pay in taxes, based on their income, filing status, and deductions.


First the person needs to work out their "taxable income". This is the amount of income the government can tax. It does not include deductions, since the government does not tax those. So, to get their taxable income, the person needs to subtract their deductions from their gross income. In other words:

$20,000 (gross income) $6,300 (standard deduction) $4,000 (personal exemption) = $9,700 taxable income

Now the person can use lists of tax brackets and marginal tax rates to figure out what they owe in taxes. Here are the tax brackets and marginal tax rates that apply to this person:


This person is paying only 4.9% of their gross (total) income to the government in income taxes.

According to the White House, in 2014, the United States government spent people's federal income taxes on these things:

Every state gets to decide where to spend the income tax it collects (its income tax revenue). Different states use this money for different things, at different times.

In 2015, a report looked at what every state spent its income tax revenue on. It found that most of state income tax dollars went to pay for education and health care.

Specifically, states spent over half of their income tax revenues on three different things:

The 2015 report found that the states spent the other half of their income tax revenues on many different things. Here are some examples.

Transportation makes up about 5% of the states' spending. Income taxes pay for many things, like:

States spend about 4% of their income tax revenue on corrections. These income taxes pay for things like:

Many states also use income tax revenues to pay for important "public services," like:


Gomillion v. Lightfoot

Gomillion v. Lightfoot, 364 U.S. 339 (1960), was a United States Supreme Court decision in which the Court ruled the redrawing of the city's electoral district boundaries to prevent blacks from voting was unconstitutional. The unanimous Court held that it violated the Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. This case was one of several that led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965.

In 1957, the Alabama state legislature passed Act number 140 that changed the borders of the city of Tuskegee's electoral district. It changed the square boundary of Tuskegee to an irregular 28-sided figure that eliminated all but a few of the city's 400 black voters but did not eliminate any white voters. It had the effect of keeping African-American citizens from voting. The petitioners Charles A. Gomillion and other black former residents of Tuskegee brought the suit against the Mayor of Tuskegee, Philip M. Lightfoot. They wanted the law ruled unconstitutional under the Fifteenth Amendment. They also wanted an order that prevented the city from enforcing the Act. 

The District Court dismissed the case on the grounds it did not have the authority to invalidate an Act passed by the state legislature. The court ruled:
On 14 November 1960, the Supreme Court dismissed the ruling by the lower courts and ruled the Alabama redistricting act was unconstitutional. Justice Felix Frankfurter wrote the majority opinion. He admitted that when states exercise power "wholly within the domain of state interest" they are generally protected from judicial review. But Alabama's representatives were not able to identify "any countervailing municipal function" that this act could serve. It was clear the irregular shaped district had only one purpose, namely, to prevent blacks from any participation in the political system of Tuskegee.

This case marked a change in the Supreme Court's involvement in political redistricting. Up to this point the Court had shown it was reluctant to interfere with the States when establishing political boundaries of their cities. However, this case served to show that states cannot deprive citizens of their voting rights which are protected by the Fifteenth Amendment. Although the practice of gerrymandering remained an issue after this case, the Court determined it was unconstitutional when it clearly discriminated against any particular racial group.

United States v. Wong Kim Ark

United States v. Wong Kim Ark, , is a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court ruled that a child born in the United States to parents of Chinese descent automatically becomes a U.S. citizen by birth based on the Citizenship Clause in the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.

Wong Kim Ark was born in San Francisco, California in 1873 to parents who were Chinese immigrants and who remained the subjects of the Emperor of China. Ark had lived in California ever since he was born. In 1882, Congress passed the Chinese Exclusion Act. This act denied citizenship to any Chinese immigrants and did not allow any new immigrants into the United States from China until 1892. Ark's parents returned to China in 1890. He visited them there but returned to San Francisco and was recognized as a native-born American citizen when he re-entered the country. In 1894, when he was 21 years old, Ark went to visit his parents in China again. But when he returned in 1895 the U.S. Customs denied his entry, claiming he was not a U.S. citizen. Ark was returned to the ship he came on, then to another ship the "Gaelic". He was sent to Peking, China where he waited for a chance to return to the United States where he lived.

Ark did not know at the time his situation would be used as a test case by the United States government. The anti-Chinese sentiment at the time was trying to undermine the Fourteenth Amendment provision which made Ark a citizen in the first place. It said “All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein they reside.” Since the beginning, America had welcomed people from other countries. The Chinese came to America, mined its gold, built its railways and farmed much of northern California. But when the Panic of 1873 struck, it caused a major depression where many in the U.S. lost their jobs. The Chinese workers, who worked for very low wages, became scapegoats and were blamed for much of the trouble. There was mob violence and arson against Chinese workers in California. As a part of this, Congress enacted the Chinese Exclusion Act in 1882 to try to stop Chinese immigration into the U.S.

With legal support from the Chinese Consolidated Benevolent Association, Ark sued the U.S. government. A District court issued a writ of Habeas corpus on Ark's behalf. Government lawyers challenged the writ. The issue was whether his birth in San Francisco made him a citizen of the United States. The argument against Ark was his parents were subjects of China which made Ark a subject of China as well. Therefore, he was not, in the words of the Fourteenth Amendment, "subject to the jurisdiction" of the United States and was therefore not a U.S. citizen. Both China and Japan held that children born to their citizens, wherever they were born, was based on their bloodline. Chinese law stated children born to Chinese nationals were citizens of China, as long as their birth is properly registered in China. The U.S. is mainly a country of citizenship by soil, also called "Jus soli". This means they are citizens, by 'right of the soil', based on the state, territory or country in which they were born. 
Lawyers for the federal government claimed that Chinese citizenship law was more important than U.S. citizenship law in this case. The Supreme Court disagreed.

Both parties had agreed to the following facts of the case: 

The question was whether the government could deny citizenship to persons born in the United States in violation of the Fourteenth Amendment. The court ruled that Ark is an American citizen by virtue of the Fourteenth Amendment. Justice Horace Gray delivered the majority opinion of the Court.

The case of United States v. Wong Kim Ark set a legal precedent for all children born in the United States, regardless of their parents' status or citizenship. During the campaigning for the United States presidential election, 2016, the issue of children born in this country to undocumented aliens has come up again. Because of "Wong Kim Ark", a child born in the U.S. is a citizen regardless of his or her parents’ citizenship or status. This could change by means of a Constitutional amendment, but this is a lengthy and difficult process.

Light Rail Transit (Singapore)

The Light Rail Transit (LRT) is a light rail system used in Singapore. It acts as a feeder service to the Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) network. The LRT started operation on 6 November 1999 with the Bukit Panjang LRT to Choa Chu Kang route. As of 2017, the system consists of three lines with 43 stations.

Singapore already had a good MRT system when the Land Transport Authority (LTA) decided to add the LRT. This is because it is cheaper and easier to build LRTs. This new system would decrease traffic jams but without the huge cost and effort needed to build more MRT lines and stations. Construction began in 1996 with the Bukit Panjang to Choa Chu Kang route. The service first ran on 6 November 1999.

The LRT is also used in the Sengkang and Punggol areas. Construction began in January 2000 for both the East Loop and West Loop of Sengkang LRT and Punggol LRT. The Sengkang East Loop was opened on 18 January 2003. The Sengkang West Loop and Punggol East Loop were opened on 29 January 2005.

Further LRT line projects were cancelled in 2008 as there was not enough space to build them over the ground.


Singapore's LRT network is made up of 3 lines with 43 stations.

The Bukit Panjang LRT opened on 6 November 1999 and is operated by SMRT Trains. The line is in the shape of a single loop and connects with the MRT North South Line at Choa Chu Kang Station and the Downtown Line at Bukit Panjang.
The Sengkang LRT Line opened on 18 January 2003 while the Punggol LRT Line opened on 29 January 2005. These lines are operated by SBS Transit. Each line consists of an East and West loop, with each loop of a line meeting at either Sengkang or Punggol, and both lines being joined with tracks running parallel to the North East Line below.

The LRT lines are served by Automated People Mover rolling stocks, which were initially in a one-car formation. Due to higher passenger usage, most of the cars were joined together. The Bukit Panjang LRT Line started having 2-car formations when there was enough C801A trains ready for service, which the Sengkang and Punggol LRT lines started having 2-car formations around 2015. In 2-car formations, passengers cannot walk between cars, and people can only go to the other car by departing at a station and boarding the other carriage before the train leaves.

A total of four rolling stock have been introduced on the LRT, namely the:


On November 24, 2015, authorities announced that they would install platform barriers to reduce the risk of passengers falling onto the tracks. They to be installed at all existing LRT stations except Ten Mile Junction LRT Station, which already had platform screen doors. Ten Mile Junction was the only LRT station with air conditioning, and the doors had been installed to keep the cold air in and so save electricity. The barriers were installed between 2016 and 2018. Installation was completed first at Choa Chu Kang and Bukit Panjang stations because more passengers used them than the other stations. The platform barriers were not installed with moving platform doors, possibly to reduce costs.

Trains usually arrive every 2.2 minutes on the Bukit Panjang LRT Line along Choa Chu Kang LRT Station to Bukit Panjang LRT Station while it is around 4.4 minutes along Petir LRT Station to Senja LRT Station. The arrival time of the next two trains will be displayed at all stations. For Sengkang LRT Line and Punggol LRT Line, no specific train timings were stated, but the timing before the train arrives can be seen at Fernvale LRT Station only.

At Ten Mile Junction LRT Station, trains arrive only every 20 minutes, possibly due to low passenger usage.


Bukit Brown MRT station

Bukit Brown MRT Station (CC18) is a Circle MRT Line station in Singapore. The station has never been used. It was built for future use. Nearby is Bukit Brown Cemetery, the only remaining cemetery in Singapore. 

Previous: Caldecott (CC17)<br>Next: Botanic Gardens (CC19/DT9)


Prince Charles, Count of Carladès

Prince Charles of Monaco, Count of Carladés (Charles Marie Auguste; 1 January 1722 – 24 August 1749), was a Monégasque prince. He was known as the Count of Carladés. He was also the Count of Matignon.

Charles was born in Paris. He was the fourth child and third son of Princess Louise Hippolyte of Monaco and her husband Jacques I of Monaco. As the son of the then-reigning monarch of Monaco, he was a member of the House of Grimaldi. He was given the title of "Count of Carladés". He was also given the title of Count of Matignon in June 1744. aged 12.

Charles never married and never had children. He died of smallpox in the town of "Prats-de-Mollo-la-Preste" in the Pyrenees.

Wikimedia Incubator

Wikimedia Incubator is where potential Wikimedia plan wikis in new language versions of Wikipedia, Wikibooks, Wikinews, Wikiquote and Wiktionary can be set, written, tested and wiki project hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation. even though these trial wikis do not yet have their own wiki, they can be used for actual like any additional Wikimedia project wiki. fresh language versions of Wikiversity are supposed to go to Beta Wikiversity, and those of Wikisource to aged Wikisource. You can not create a full new project, you could only start a new language edition of an obtainable project.

New Jersey Legislature

The New Jersey Legislature is the legislative branch of the government of the U.S. state of New Jersey. In its current form, as defined by the New Jersey Constitution of 1947, the Legislature consists of two houses: the General Assembly and the Senate. The Legislature meets in the New Jersey State House, in the state capital of Trenton.

The New Jersey Legislature was established in 1702 upon the surrender by the Proprietors of East Jersey and those of West Jersey of the right of government to Queen Anne. Anne's government united the two colonies as the Province of New Jersey, a royal colony, establishing a new system of government.

On December 6, 1775, Governor William Franklin prorogued the New Jersey Legislature until January 3, 1776, but it never met again. On May 30, 1776, Franklin attempted to convene the legislature, but was met instead with an order by the New Jersey Provincial Congress for his arrest. On July 2, 1776, the Provincial Congress approved a new constitution which ordered new elections; on August 13 an entire new legislature was elected.

In 1775, representatives from New Jersey's 13 counties established a Provincial Congress to supersede the Royal Governor.

The New Jersey Constitution of 1844 provided for a direct popular election of the governor, and gave him the power to veto bills passed by the Legislature. The General Assembly was expanded to 60 members, elected annually and apportioned to the counties based on population.

Regardless of any changes, the Legislature met infrequently, had high turnover among its members, and was far from being the most influential or powerful organ of state government.

New Jersey adopted its current constitution in 1947. Under this constitution, the governor was given additional veto powers and the ability to serve two terms. Hundreds of independent agencies were consolidated into 20 principal executive departments under the control of the governor. Senators' terms were extended to four years; assemblymen's terms to two years.

In 1966, the Senate was expanded from 21 to 40 members and the General Assembly from 60 to 80. Following a United States Supreme Court decision in 1964 and a New Jersey Supreme Court decision in 1972, the state's legislative districts were reapportioned into the current arrangement. Two more modern developments have also helped shape the Legislature: the increase in importance of legislative committees and the development of longer tenures for the legislative leadership.

The Legislature has the power to enact laws by a majority vote of both houses, subject to the Governor of New Jersey's ability to veto a bill. A veto may be overridden by the Legislature if there is a two-thirds majority in favor of overriding in each House.

By a three-fifths vote of each house, the Legislature may propose an amendment to the State Constitution. Alternatively, it may propose an amendment by a majority vote two consecutive years. The Senate has the sole authority to confirm or reject gubernatorial nominees for judicial and some executive positions.

The current organization of the Legislature is outlined by Article IV ("Legislative") of the New Jersey State Constitution of 1947.To become a member of the Assembly, an individual must be at least 21 years old, must have resided in their district for one year and the state for two years, and must live in the represented district. To become a Senator, an individual must be 30 years old, must have lived in their district for two years and the state for four years, and again must live in the represented district.

The sitting Legislature is the 215th Legislature of the State of New Jersey.

Currently, the Democrats are the majority party in both Houses. In the Senate there are 24 Democrats and 16 Republicans. There are 48 Democrats and 32 Republicans serving in the General Assembly.

The senate is the upper house in the New Jersey legislature. Currently, 40 people serve in the Senate for two years after redistricting, followed by four-year terms.

The general assembly is the lower house of the New Jersey legislature. Currently, 80 people are in the New Jersey legislature for two-year terms.


William Franklin

William Franklin (1730 – November 1813) was an American soldier, attorney, and colonial administrator, the acknowledged illegitimate son of Benjamin Franklin. He was the last colonial Governor of New Jersey (1763–1776). Franklin was a steadfast Loyalist throughout the American Revolutionary War.

William Franklin was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was the illegitimate son of Benjamin Franklin, a leading figure in the city. His mother's identity is unknown.
In 1750, Ben told his own mother that William was nineteen years old, but this may have been an attempt to make the youth appear legitimate.

William was raised by Benjamin Franklin and Deborah Read. 

As a young man, William became engaged to Elizabeth Graeme, daughter of prominent Philadelphia physician Dr. Thomas Graeme and granddaughter of Pennsylvania's 14th Governor, Sir William Keith.

While in London, Franklin sired an illegitimate son, William Temple Franklin, who was born 22 February 1762. His mother has never been identified, and he was placed in foster care.

Later that year, Franklin married Elizabeth Downes on September 4, 1762 at St George's, Hanover Square in London.

William Franklin completed his law education in England.

In 1763, William Franklin was appointed as the Royal Governor of New Jersey, due to his father's influence with the British Prime Minister. He replaced Josiah Hardy, a merchant and colonial administrator. As governor, Franklin signed the charter for Queen's College, which would develop as Rutgers University in New Brunswick, New Jersey.

Middlesex County College

Middlesex County College is a community college with its main campus located in Edison, New Jersey, United States.
The college was founded in 1964. It offers more than 700 courses in 100 different degree and certificate programs with 21 specially designed transfer programs. Its mission is to provide access to an affordable, quality education

