Tuition for county residents is $103 per credit hour. Tuition for out of county residents is $206 per credit hour. Federal financial aid is available in the form of Pell grants, work study programs and direct loans. Students must complete their free application for FAFSA. The MCC Foundation offers over 100 scholarships for students attending the college.

Men’s sports include: Soccer, Basketball, Wrestling, Baseball, Golf, Track and field. Women sports include: Soccer, Softball, Basketball, Cross Country, Volleyball, Track and Field. The Physical Education Center has a swimming pool, basketball courts, racquetball courts, and a dance studio. There is a weight training room with treadmills and stairmasters, which are available for students, faculty, and college alumni.



Carteret, New Jersey

Carteret is a borough in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States census, the borough's population was 25,326, an increase of 2,482 (+10.9%) from the 2010 census count of 22,844, which in turn reflected an increase of 2,135 (+10.3%) from the 20,709 counted in the 2000 census.

According to the United States Census Bureau, Carteret had a total area of , including of land and of water (11.0%).

The Carteret School District serves students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade. As of the 2021-2022 school year, the district's five schools had an enrollment of 3,882 students and 305.42 classroom teachers. The student/teacher ratio is 12.71.

The government has a town council with 6 members and a mayor. They all are elected.

People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Carteret include:

King cobra

The king cobra (Ophiophagus hannah) is in the Elapidae family of snakes. It is the longest venomous snake in the world. An adult king cobra can grow up to , though most are less than . It is endemic to Asia. 

The king cobra lives throughout India and in some parts of the south and the east of Asia. It is known around the world for its dangerous venom. It mostly avoids humans. The King cobra lives up to 20 years.

The king cobra lives in thick forests, and likes areas dotted with lakes and streams.

It eats mostly snakes but sometimes lizards and rodents. After a large meal it may live months before eating again. 

The Indian grey mongoose is one of the few predators of the king cobra but may not attack them much.

The venom from a bite can be deadly. The snake can kill a man with a single bite. The mortality rate can be as high as 75% without antivenom.

There are two kinds of antivenom that can be used to help when someone is bitten. Bites do not happen often, snake handlers are most likely to be bitten.

Unlike many snakes, the female king cobra is a very good parent. It makes a mound as a nest for its eggs and protects them for 60-90 days until they hatch. It lays 20-40 eggs. The mother stays until the eggs begin to hatch and then leaves to find food for herself. Baby king cobras are and have venom as strong as adults.

The hiss of the king cobra is a much lower pitch than many other snakes and many people thus liken its call to a "growl" rather than a hiss. While the hisses of most snakes are of a broad-frequency span ranging from roughly 3,000 to 13,000 Hz with a dominant frequency near 7,500 Hz, king cobra growls consist solely of frequencies below 2,500 Hz, with a dominant frequency near 600 Hz, a much lower-sounding frequency closer to that of a human voice. Comparative anatomical morphometric analysis has led to a discovery of tracheal diverticula that function as low-frequency resonating chambers in king cobra and its prey, the rat snake, both of which can make similar growls.


Siemens C651

The Siemens C651, also known as Contract 651 or SIE C651, is the second generation Electric multiple unit rolling stock in operation on the North South and East West Lines of Singapore's Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) system. A total of 114 cars consisting of 19 train-sets were purchased in 1993 and introduced from 1994 onwards and were built by Siemens in Austria.

The C651 trains are the second generation of train cars used on the SMRT network. the cost of the C651 was $259 million. They were bought mainly to allow the network to carry more passengers due to the opening of the Woodlands extension. The first train was delivered to SMRT on 20 September 1994. Unlike the first generation Kawasaki Heavy Industries C151 trains, the C651s are specially painted to reduce scratches due to dirt trapping on the outside of the C151 trains that were difficult to remove.

These train cars are fitted with greenish-blue Glastroch (Germany) windows glass, and are almost the same as the first generation train cars before their upgrades, except that a louder, lower-pitched noise can be heard when the train speeds up or slows down. The run number display on the front of each train is made up of electronic green flip-dot display, as opposed to the manual plastic rollers of the C151 trains, while the rubber strips between the doors are thicker. The trains have a full white body and a thick red stripe in the middle. Similar to the C151 trains, the Siemens C651 trains had no visual passenger information systems, but only a built-in audio announcement system, until STARiS was installed and activated around 2010.

Many experiments have been run on the C651 cars, including the past program.

For the past program, the third and fourth cars, coloured in green, had their seating layout changed, with all but eight parts of seats, four at each ends of the car removed completely. In its place was standing room with a cushion on the side, so that passengers standing at the side would feel more comfortable. Passengers did not like this, and it was eventually undone. The original seats between the 1st and 2nd door, and the 3rd and 4th door on these cars have been replaced. The remaining cushion standing areas were changed back to original seats in May 2006. All C151 trains had their seats on the middle part of carriage removed.

For now, some of the trains were changed to have more standing space in the late 1990s as part of another experiment, where the second and fifth cars (the blue cars) were changed to have more standing room on both sides.

More grabpoles were also added. Single grabpoles in the centre of each car were replaced by grabpoles that branch out into three in the centre first in 2007, followed by tripled hand grips and grab poles in 2014. Special non slip floorings were also tested.

Upgrades for these trains are to be done by Singapore Rail Engineering (SRE). When completed, these upgrades will fix train parts such as doors and brakes and make them cause less delays. Many changes will be made, such as upgrading the air-conditioning system, the power system, and upgrading the look of the trains. Sensors will also be installed to allow workers to fix problems more regularly.

Upgrading works has begun since early 2016, beginning with train set 217/218. Trains will also include STARiS 2.0, a system showing information about the train's route. The first upgraded train set is expected to be tested before starting to run in the second half of 2018. In late August 2016, 2 model train cars have been built by SRE, showing that the project is unaffected by the pausing of the end-of-life upgrades for the 66 C151 train sets. As of the second half of 2018, sets 217/218 and 227/228 have been upgraded and are being tested. It will also be the third and final rolling stock to be painted in SMRT's style while newer rolling stock starting from the upcoming C151C trains will be painted in LTA's style.

The car numbers of the trains go from x201 to x238, where x depends on the carriage type. Each car is assigned a 4 digit serial number. A complete six-car trainset consists of an identical twin set of one driving trailer(DT) and two motor cars(M1 & M2) permanently coupled together. For example, set 221/222 consists of carriages 3221, 1221, 2221, 2222, 1222 and 3222.


Choa Chu Kang MRT/LRT station

Choa Chu Kang MRT/LRT Station (NS4/JS1/BP1) is an MRT station in Singapore. It is the interchange station between the North South MRT Line and Bukit Panjang LRT Line. It is located in Choa Chu Kang.

The station is the first interchange between the MRT and the LRT.

The MRT station opened on 10 March 1990 and was the terminus of the Branch Line. Construction began on 15 February 1986. With the opening of the North South Line Woodlands Extension on 10 February 1996, the branch line became part of the North South Line. It was recoded from B3 to N21 in 1996. The LRT station opened on 6 November 1999, on the opening day of the Bukit Panjang LRT line. It was again, recoded from N21 and A1 to the present BP1 and NS4 in 2001.

After a 2008 accident, automatic platform gates were installed for safety on 26 August 2011 on the North South Line platforms and started operating on 21 October 2011. HVLS fans in the MRT platform started operating on 10 October 2012. The LRT platform also features fans as of 27 September 2015.

On 31 October 2012, LTA announced that Choa Chu Kang LRT Station will have two more platforms, specifically for commuters to exit the trains to allow the existing platform in the centre to have more space for passengers getting on. There will also be additional fare gates and a new covered linkway from the LRT station to Lot One. These new additions which also include widening the staircase between the MRT and the LRT stations will be completed by 2016. New Exit E was opened at the same time, to Lot One Shoppers Mall but despite that, there is no lift access, only stairs. The two newly constructed platforms at the LRT station began operations on 27 December 2016. The two new side platforms, Platforms 3 and 4, lack lift access so passengers who need to take the lift when exiting at Choa Chu Kang LRT Station have to wait for the doors to open to the island platform (Platforms 1 and 2), where lift access is available. Stickers to remind passengers to exit at Platforms 1 or 2 if they need a lift to exit are placed on all the LRT doors.

In 2016, Platforms 1 and 2 of the LRT had Half-Height Platform Barriers installed. Choa Chu Kang (and Bukit Panjang) was the first to install platform gates due to the high commuter traffic at this station. Automatic platform gates were installed at Platforms 3 and 4 during construction.

HarbourFront MRT station

HarbourFront Station (NE1/CC29) is an MRT Station in Singapore. 

It is an interchange station along the North East MRT Line and Circle MRT Line. It is currently the only double terminus in Singapore's MRT line. The station is located next to VivoCity and HarbourFront Centre.

The station was originally called World Trade Center, but changed to its current name after the 9/11 attacks

NEL:

-previous: Terminus <br> -next: Outram Park

CCL:

-previous: Telok Blangah <br> -next: Terminus



Dhoby Ghaut MRT station

Dhoby Ghaut Station (NS24/NE6/CC1) is a Mass Rapid Transit station in Singapore. It is an interchange station along North South Line, North East Line and Circle Line.

Dhoby Ghaut is the first triple-line interchange station in Singapore. It is the fourth deepest MRT station (after Bras Basah, Promenade and Bencoolen) in Singapore. The deepest point is at 28 metres below ground level.

The station was named after the Indian laundrymen that worked around the area in the early 20th century. The section of track between this station and Somerset is the shortest between any two stations on the North South Line; it takes 1 minute for a train to travel between these two stations. It is one of the station that receives heavy passenger numbers during peak hours.

The North South Line section of Dhoby Ghaut (Code: N1) was the first to open, doing so on 12 December 1987. It was formerly named The Istana, where the president's palace is located. The platforms were built under the former Stamford canal. It became an interchange station with the opening of the North East Line on 20 June 2003 (Code: H5), while the North South Line part of the station underwent upgrading which was completed in 2006. It to date remains the only interchange station serving the North South and North East Lines.

The Circle Line station opened on 17 April 2010, at which point Dhoby Ghaut became the first station in Singapore to be an interchange between three MRT lines. It is currently the only triple-line interchange station on the MRT network; however, with the opening of Stage 3 of the Thomson-East Coast MRT Line in 2021, two other stations, Outram Park and Marina Bay, will also become triple-line interchanges.

Dhoby Ghaut is the fourth deepest MRT station (after Bras Basah, Promenade and Bencoolen) in Singapore, with the deepest point at 28 metres below ground level. It is one of only four stations on the MRT network to have travelators with the other three being Bugis, Serangoon and Botanic Gardens stations.

Rameswaram

Rameshwaram is a coastal town in the Ramanathapuram district of Tamil Nadu state in India. It is located in a island named Pamban island, which is separated from Indian mainland by Pamban Channel.

Rameshwaram is one of the holiest shrines for Hindus. The populous Ramanathaswamy Temple is located here.The town has the 64 Holy Tirthas, of which 24 are important accoring to Skanda Purana.

The town covers an area of 53 km. The population of the town is 44,851 according to 2011 census. This town is the birth place of the 11th president of India, Dr.A.P.J.Abdul Kalam.

The island in which Rameshwaram located was hit by a cyclone in 1964, that washed away Dhanushkodi, a nearby town and made severe damage in Rameshwaram too.

Vaigai River

The Vaigai River is a river that starts flowing from Varusanadu Hills, Periyar plateau of the Western Ghats range. This river flows east towards Tamil Nadu. The Vaigai river produces the Vattaparai Falls. The city of Madurai lies on the banks of this river. The river empties into the Palk strait in the Ramanathapuram district of Tamil Nadu.

The Vaigai river flows for 256km (160mi). The area of the drainage basin of Vaigai is 7036 square kilometers.

The tributaries of Vaigai are Suruli River, Mullaiyaar River, Varaha River and Manjal River. The Kirudhumal River joins Vaigai river in Theni district. The water of Periyar river is diverted or turned to Vaigai.

Paulo Dybala

Paulo Dybala (born 15 November 1993) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Roma and the Argentina national team.

He began his career as a professional footballer in 2011 in the Argentine Second division. In 2012, he moved to Europe and signed for Palermo. His great performances in Serie A got him a transfer to Juventus in 2015.

Due to his creative style of play, pace, technique, talent, and eye for goal, he has been nicknamed "La Joya" ("The Jewel" in Spanish".")
Dybala was born in Córdoba, Argentina. His grandfather, Bolesław Dybała, was from the village of Kraśniów in Poland. His family also had Italian origins through his maternal grandmother named Da Messa from the Province of Naples.

Palermo

Juventus

Roma

Argentina

Individual

Records

Cecelia Holland

Cecelia Holland is an American historical fiction novelist.

Holland was born on December 31, 1943, in Henderson, Nevada. She grew up in Metuchen, New Jersey, where she started writing at age 12.

Prince François, Count of Thorigny

Prince François of Monaco, Count of Thorigny (François Charles; 4 February 1726 – 9 December 1743) was a Monégasque prince and member of the House of Grimaldi. He was known by his title Count of Thorigny. 

Born in Paris. 

Born at the ""Hôtel Matignon"" in Paris, he was the eighth child of the reigning Princess Louise Hippolyte of Monaco and her husband Prince Jacques I. His father was the Count of Thorigny but the title was given to François. His older brother Honoré III would later become the next Prince of Monacao when their father died in 1751. 

He died unmarried and childless. 

Joel Weisman

Joel D. Weisman (February 20, 1943 – July 18, 2009) was an American doctor who was one of the first to identify a pattern of illnesses that was ultimately diagnosed as AIDS in the United States. He later became an advocate for the development of treatments and prevention of the disease.

Weisman was born in Newark, New Jersey, on February 20, 1943. He attended the Kansas City College of Osteopathy (later known as the Kansas City University of Medicine and Biosciences, graduating in 1970 with a Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine (DO). He practiced medicine in his hometown of Carteret, New Jersey, for several years and ended his brief marriage by disclosing that he was gay.

He moved to Los Angeles and was hired by a doctor's office in North Hollywood. There, he started to see a number of patients in 1978 who had a series of unusual conditions, including younger men with shingles, a case of Kaposi's sarcoma, and several patients who had symptoms of what appeared to be, but was not, lymphoma.
Weisman referred two of these cases in 1981 to Michael S. Gottlieb, an immunologist at the UCLA Medical Center, who had a patient of his own with a similar pattern of symptoms. A report they jointly wrote published by the Centers for Disease Control in the June 5, 1981, issue of its "Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report", describing how their patients, "5 young men, all active homosexuals, were treated for biopsy-confirmed Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia at 3 different hospitals in Los Angeles, California" of which "[t]wo of the patients died" by the time of the original report. This notice has been recognized as the first published report marking "the official start" of the AIDS pandemic and as "the first report on AIDS in the medical literature".

In Weisman's obituary in the "Los Angeles Times", Gottlieb described him as "a very astute physician" who recognized "that something out of the ordinary was happening" by being "alert to unusual symptoms in his patients". Krim described how Weisman immediately knew that "he was observing something that was never seen before."

Weisman died at age 66 due to heart disease on July 18, 2009, at his home in the Westwood neighborhood of Los Angeles. He was survived by his domestic partner of 17 years, Bill Hutton, as well as by a daughter and granddaughter, a brother and two nieces. Timothy Bogue, his partner for 10 years, died of AIDS in 1991.

Dunellen, New Jersey

Dunellen is a borough in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.

Dunellen started in 1867. It grew around a railroad station. The station was originally called New Market station. It served the nearby community of that name in Piscataway.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the borough has a total area of 1.048 square miles (2.715 km). All of it is land. Dunellen is in the Raritan Valley, a line of communities in central New Jersey.

2016 Kumamoto earthquakes

The 2016 Kumamoto earthquakes happened on April 14−16, 2016 near Kumamoto Prefecture in southern Japan. A foreshock of magnitude 6.2 on the Richter scale happened on the evening of April 14 at 21:26 Japan Standard Time. The main earthquake happened at 1:25 am JST with a magnitude of 7.0 on April 16.

A total of 48 people died in the two earthquakes. About 3,000 more were injured. There was severe damage in and around Kumamoto. Many structures including Kumamoto-Castle fell and some of them caught fire and infrastructures, especially water, electricity and gas supply are destructed. More than 44,000 people had to leave the area because of the disaster and most of them suffer hard living in shelters.

Game &amp; Watch Gallery 4

Game & Watch Gallery 4, known in Europe and Australia as "Game & Watch Gallery Advance", is the fifth game in the series in Europe and Australia and the fourth in North America. It was released for the Game Boy Advance in Europe on October 25, 2002, in the United States on October 28, 2002, and in Australia in 2002. It is the second Game & Watch Gallery game not to receive a Japanese release until 2016 via the Wii U's Virtual Console. It is also the first title in the Game & Watch Gallery series to credit TOSE as a co-developer, after the company had gone uncredited in the previous installments.
This game features Game & Watch games in two styles: Classic, which features faithful reproductions of the original games, and Modern, which gives the games a different visual style using characters from the Super Mario Bros. series. It features 11 games with both Modern and Classic modes, and nine games with only Classic mode. This game facilitates multiplayer for Boxing and Donkey Kong 3.


Also included are several unlockable games that can only be played in Classic mode:


Metuchen, New Jersey

Metuchen ( ) is a borough in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.

Metuchen was created by the New Jersey Legislature on March 20, 1900. The land was part of Raritan Township (now known as Edison).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the borough had a total area of 2.766 square miles (7.166 km). That included 2.764 square miles (7.160 km) of land and 0.002 square miles (0.006 km) of water (0.09%).

Bukit Panjang LRT line

The Bukit Panjang LRT Line is a LRT Line in Singapore.

The line takes about 28 minutes for the full loop. This route starts at the Choa Chu Kang and travels around the Bukit Panjang area.

This line uses C801 and C801A trains.

The Bukit Panjang LRT was first opened on 6 November 1999. Ten Mile Junction Station was closed from 10 December 2010 to 30 December 2011.

There are three services on the line: A and B terminate at Choa Chu Kang, and C ends at Ten Mile Junction.

All stations, except Choa Chu Kang and Ten Mile Junction, have two facing side platforms. Choa Chu Kang has an island platform, similar to most Singapore MRT stations, while Ten Mile Junction has only a single platform and is the only station with platform screen doors (supplied by Horton Automatics). Bukit Panjang and Choa Chu Kang have half-height platform barriers. Choa Chu Kang station will have two additional platforms and a new set of fare gates to ease crowding during peak hours. Between 2016 and 2017, Half-Height Platform Barriers were installed at the remaining 11 LRT stations.

As of January 2019, the Half-Height Platform Barriers were installed at all stations except for Ten Mile Junction.

Prince Antoine, Marquis of Baux

Prince Antoine of Monaco, Marquis of Baux (16 December 1717 – 4 February 1718), was a Monégasque prince and member of the House of Grimaldi. He was known as the Marquis of Baux as the heir to the throne of Monaco. He was also the and Count of Matignon. He died before succeeding his mother. 

Born in Monaco, he was the eldest son of the then-reigning Princess Louise Hippolyte of Monaco and her husband, Jacques I. He was given the title of Marquis of Baux, the traditional title for an heir to the Monégasque throne. 

Ten Mile Junction LRT Station

Ten Mile Junction LRT Station (BP14) is an LRT station in Singapore. It is along the Bukit Panjang LRT Line.

Services are provided at a lower frequency than other LRT stations. Trains only arrive every 20 minutes. 


Formerly the code was: A14 (1999 - 2001)

Previous: Bukit Panjang (BP6/DT1)<br>Next: N/A

Paya Lebar MRT station

Paya Lebar MRT station (EW8/CC9) is a Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the East West Line and Circle Line in Geylang, Singapore.

It is named after the Paya Lebar Road, not the area called Paya Lebar. It is in the Geylang district.

This station was opened on 4 November 1989, as part of the East West Line. Its former code is E5. The Circle Line station platforms was opened on 17 April 2010.

A track fault at Paya Lebar delayed trains travelling towards HarbourFront on 31 December 2012. SMRT had called in staff to manually drive the trains between Dakota and MacPherson to navigate the fault. Circle Line trains began running normally again more than four hours after the fault took place around 8 am.
There are two links between the elevated East West Line station and the underground Circle Line station. The first link consists of a series of escalators to the Circle Line concourse from the western side of the East West platform, which is a common link to go to the Circle Line station. The second link, which is barrier-free, was built on the former area of Exit A which has been closed since late 2007 for reconstruction.

For the East West Line, train platforms are on Level 2. For the Circle Line, train platforms are on Basement 2. This is the only interchange station that has a middle track on the underground line, and it is the terminus for short-working trips after peak hours.


Petitioner

A petitioner is a very specific legal term. It is the person who presents a formal legal petition to a court or a legislature that requests a certain action be taken. A petitioner is also the person who files a motion or an appeal to a higher court. A party who petitions the Supreme Court to review a case is known as either the petitioner or the appellant. The person or entity (such as a corporation or government) who opposes the petition is called a respondent. In some cases a third party, an "amicus curiae" (friend of the court), may be heard.

In the case of an appeal, the petitioner is usually the party who lost in a lower court. This can be either the plaintiff or the defendant who files the petition to the higher court for judicial review. If the petition is granted, the petitioner files an appellate brief giving the legal arguments for filing the appeal. The respondent is given a short period of time to respond to the brief with arguments for their side of the case and to refute any arguments made by the petitioner. In some jurisdictions, the petitioner is allowed to file a short reply. In all three cases, arguments must be based on the trial record which includes the Transcripts of testimony and evidence from the original trial.

In civil law the person who files the case against another person is called the petitioner or plaintiff. In a divorce this is the party who files or starts the action to legally end the marriage. 


List of Steven Universe episodes

"Steven Universe" is an American animated television series created by Rebecca Sugar for Cartoon Network. The series focuses on Steven Universe (voiced by Zach Callison), who protects his hometown of Beach City alongside Garnet (voiced by Estelle), Amethyst (voiced by Michaela Dietz) and Pearl (voiced by Deedee Magno Hall), three magical alien guardians known as the Crystal Gems. During the original run of the series, episodes of "Steven Universe" were broadcast once a week in blocks of multiple new episodes in the course of a week, marketed as "Stevenbombs"; or back-to-back as specials with an umbrella title.

During the series, 160 episodes of "Steven Universe" aired over five seasons, between November 4, 2013, and January 21, 2019. A television film, "", was released on September 2, 2019, following the fifth and final season. A concluding limited series, "Steven Universe Future", premiered on December 7, 2019, and ended on March 27, 2020.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

The order and length of the first three seasons is different between official sources. This list uses the "intended order" of the episodes according to co–executive producer Ian Jones-Quartey, which re-orders six episodes from the first two seasons compared to the broadcast order.

26 half-hours (52 episodes) were produced for Season 1. The episodes are listed in airing order.

Episode premieres first happened weekly on Monday nights. They were moved to Wednesday nights beginning with the episode "Steven the Sword Fighter," then to Thursday nights beginning with the episode "Coach Steven". The episodes "Open Book", "Shirt Club", and "Story for Steven" were bumped to air during the second season.

Season 2 and Season 3 were produced as one season of 26 half-hours, made up of 49 regular episodes, 1 double-length special, and 6 shorts. When the season was officially split in two after the fact, 26 of the regular episodes and the shorts were aired as "Season 2".

A limited series, "Steven Universe Future", was made to be an epilogue to the main series, premiered on December 7, 2019.

All six digital shorts put together make up one full production code of the second season (1031-058).

These shorts are written only by Rebecca Sugar and are animated by Chromosphere Studio.

A series of public service announcement shorts where the Crystal Gems teach the audience about anti-racism. All of the shorts are written by Rebecca Sugar and Ian Jones-Quartey, and animated by Chromosphere Studio.

Subhas Chandra Bose

Subash Chandra Bose () was an Indian freedom fighter and one of the biggest causes to Bharat's freedom. He was known as "Netaji". He was the President of Indian National Congress from 1938 to 1939. He attempted to get rid of British rule in Bharat during World War II. He was born in a large Bengali family on 23 January 1897 in Cuttack and died in plane crash in 18 August 1945 in Taiwan.

Netaji's attempt was successful. He took over the INA from Rash Behari Bose in July 1943 who co-founded the Azad Hind Army or Indian National Army (now Bharat National Army) with the help of Japan in 1942.

He was born on 23 January 1897 in Cuttack and died in a plane crash in 18 August 1945.

Notes

Charlotte of Monaco (1719 – 1790)

Princess Charlotte Thérèse Nathalie Grimaldi of Monaco (19 May 1719 – circa 1790), was a Monégasque princess. Charlotte never married and as a result became a nun at a convent in Paris.
Born in Paris, she was the eldest daughter of Princess Louise Hippolyte of Monaco and her husband Prince Jacques I. Styled as ""Mademoiselle de Monaco"", she was known as "either" Charlotte or Thérèse Nathalie. Never marrying, she eventually took religious vows and became a nun at the Convent of Visitation in Paris on 21 January 1738.

She remained unmarried, and died childless. She was once engaged to Frédéric Jules de La Tour d'Auvergne, "Prince of Auvergne". Yet, this proposed marriage did not come to be and before she was much older the engagement was broken off and Charlotte went to a convent to begin her education. She considered becoming a nun while there, wrestled with the decision but did finally take her vows as a sister of the Order of the Visitation. She did leave the convent a number of times to visit her family

2016 Ecuador earthquake

On April 16, 2016, a 7.8 magnitude struck Ecuador at 18:58 local time. It was centered about 17 miles from the town of Muisne and about 110 miles from the capital Quito. There was widespread damage, so that most infrastructures are destroyed. Structures hundreds of miles from the epicenter collapsed.

Over 272 people died. Over 2,500 people were injured.

President Rafael Correa declared a state of emergency after the earthquake.

Princess Sofia, Duchess of Värmland

Princess Sofia of Sweden, Duchess of Värmland (born Sofia Kristina Hellqvist on 6 December 1984) is the wife of Prince Carl Philip, Duke of Värmland. She began dating Prince Carl Philip in 2010. She has also been a glamour model and reality television contestant. Hellqvist has appeared on the reality show "Paradise Hotel".

Princess Sofia was born as Sofia Kirstina Hellqvist at Danderyd Hospital in Danderyd Municipality, She is daughter of Erik Hellqvist and Marie Rotman.

She married Prince Carl Philip at Slottskyrkan in Stockholm on 13 June 2015. After the marriage she got the title Princess of Sweden, Duchess of Värmland. Their first child Prince Alexander Erik Hubertus Bertil, was born on 19 April 2016. In March 2017, it was announced that the couple's second child is expected in September 2017. Their second son Prince Gabriel Carl Walther was born on 31 August 2017.


Seymouria

Seymouria was an amphibian tetrapod from the early Permian of North America and Europe, about 280 to 270 million years ago (mya). It was small, only 2 ft (60 cm) long. 

As an adult animal, "Seymouria" was well adapted to life on land, with many reptilian features. It was for quite a long time thought to be a primitive reptile. It is now known that its early life stages were in water. Apparently, it is an "amphibian" whose adult stage was adapted for life in a dry climate.

The discovery of its amphibian nature was a considerable surprise.

The adult skeletons were first found in the red beds of Texas and Oklahoma. These beds were laid down in the huge delta complex of a large river flowing towards a coast, much like the Mississippi of today. The species found in Germany and New Mexico, "Seymouria sanjuanensis", had massive legs and held its body well off the ground. This shows an "effective adaptation to terrestrial locomotion".

A simplified life cycle might be: eggs laid in water, larval stages in water, young animal with limbs climbs out and instinctively moves to higher ground. All its life lived as a carnivore on dry land, returning to water occasionally to drink and to breed. The adults would be able to operate in a fairly dry climate.

Karaikal

Karaikal is a port city in the south-eastern coast of India. It is also a municipality and headquarters of the Karaikal district. France got control over Karaikal in 1674 and ruled it for over 280 years until Pondicherry became independent in 1954.

After the independence, Karaikal was also joined with Yanam, Mahe, and Pondicherry forming the Puducherry Union territory. Karaikal and other surrounding parts like Tirumalairayanpattinam, Thirunallar, Nedungadu, Kottucherry, Neravy, Varichikudy etc. form the Karaikal district. This district divides the Nagapattinam district into two. This makes Nagapattinam district as the only district to be divided into two in India.

The rivers of Arasalar River, Virasolanar River, Tirumalairajanar River, Vikramanar River and tributary rivers of Arasalar River flow into the sea through Karaikal.

Karaikal is in the Kaveri river delta region. The land around Karaikal is rich in alluvium, which makes it fertile land.

Karaikal is where Karaikal Ammaiyar, one of the 63 nayanmars, was born and lived. She is one of the renowned saints, who showed her devotion to Lord Shiva. She was also known as the mother of southern music.

Karaikal has many temples like the Karaikal Ammaiyar Temple. The grand and famous festival of Mangani festival is celebrated in Karaikal. The other temples are Kailasanathar Kovil, Sri Nithyakalyana Perumal temple etc.

Melksham

Melksham () is a small-sized English town, on the River Avon in the county of Wiltshire. It is east of the city of Bath and south of Chippenham. Melksham is west of Devizes and north of Warminster on the A350 national route.

The name is thought to come from "meolc", the Old English word for milk, and "sham", meaning fake. On John Speed's map of Wiltshire (1611), the name is spelt both Melksham (for the hundred) and Melksham (for the town itself). There are nine schools in Melksham. Melksham also has an unpopular football and rugby team that play competitive matches in a small league. The population of Melksham in 2019 is 19,357. In Melksham there is a park called King George, it has a tennis court and a football court all together in one. It has a massive field with lots of apertures and swings.

Melksham has very very poor transport infrastructure, with less than one train every 2 hours to nearby towns. The bus services are also as infrequent.

The main attraction in Melksham is it’s array of supermarkets, including Asda, Aldi, Lidl, Waitrose, Sainsburys and Iceland. It has the highest supermarket density in mainland Britain. There isn’t, however, a Tesco (except a small Tesco Metro) or Morrisons.

Cooper Tyres was a main employer but has recently let a lot of staff go.





Nan Chiau High School

Nan Chiau High School is a co-educational secondary school in Singapore. It is one of the 11 schools in Singapore that offer the Special Assistance Plan (SAP) Special/Express stream.

The school is affiliated to Singapore Hokkien Huay Kuan (also known as the Singapore Hokkien Association).



Promenade MRT station

Promenade Station (CC4/DT15) is an MRT Station in Singapore. It is an underground interchange station along Circle MRT Line and Downtown MRT Line. It is the deepest station in Singapore at below ground. The deepest platform is at Basement 7.


It is the only station to have four separated stacked side platforms on its own levels -

This is due to lack of space and the tight corridor at Temasek Avenue area. The two levels were restricted (B3 and B5).


Jurong East MRT station

Jurong East Station (NS1/EW24) is an MRT station in Singapore. It is an interchange station along North South MRT Line and East West MRT Line. The station is a terminus for the North South MRT Line, and is currently the only elevated station to have triple island platforms.

This station was opened on 5 November 1988. The Branch MRT Line was opened on 10 March 1990, and it merged with North South MRT Line on 10 February 1996. The station code was originally W9. Two additional platforms were opened on 27 May 2011.

Previous: Clementi (EW23)<br>Next: Chinese Garden (EW25)

Previous: N/A<br>Next: Bukit Batok (NS2)

Maurya Empire

The Mauryan Empire was a empire in South Asia, founded by Chandragupta Maurya in 322 BCE and lasting until 185 BCE. It was centralized through the conquest of the Indo-Gangetic Plain, with its capital in Pataliputra (modern Patna). The empire covered regions that are now part of Pakistan, India, and Bangladesh.

Chandragupta Maurya, assisted by Chanakya, overthrew the around 322 BCE. Expanding westward, he conquered territories left by Alexander the Great in modern-day Pakistan. By 317 BCE, the empire fully occupied the northwestern subcontinent. The Mauryan Empire also defeated Seleucus I, acquiring land west of the Indus River (modern-day Pakistan), during the Seleucid–Mauryan war.

The name "Maurya" does not occur in Ashoka's inscriptions, or the contemporary Greek accounts such as Megasthenes's "Indica", but it is attested by the following sources:


South River, New Jersey

South River is a borough in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.

At the 2020 United States Census, there were 16,118 people, 5,694 households, and 4,220 families residing in the borough.

South River's largest incoming immigrant population are Asians, Mexicans and Brazilian populations.

South River has become a center for Belarusian Americans in the postwar-period. The immigrants reestablished the Belarusian Orthodox parish of St. Eufrasinnia, that previously existed in Germany. In 1953 a Belarusian cemetery was opened, that houses also Radasłaŭ Astroŭski.

The town government council has a Mayor and a Borough Council. It has 6 members that serve three-year terms. Two members are up for election each year. 

South River is located in the 12th Congressional District

The South River Public Schools serve students in Kindergarten through Twelfth grade.

As of the 2011-12 school year, the district's four schools had a total enrollment of 2,305 students and 163 classroom teachers 

The borough had a total of of roads were maintained by the municipality. are maintained by Middlesex County.

The mains roads that travel through are CR 535 and CR 527. Route 18 passes just west of the borough, which provides access to the New Jersey Turnpike (Interstate 95).

New Jersey Transit bus service is provided on the 811 and 815 routes.

Russell Westbrook

Russell Westbrook Jr. (born November 12, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for the Houston Rockets, Washington Wizards, and the Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Westbrook played college basketball for the UCLA Bruins. Westbrook is the point guard and stands . He was named as the best player in the NBA in 2017 winning the MVP (Most Valuable Player) Award, because he is argubaly one of the best players in the NBA because, he has had more triple doubles in three games than Lebron James has had his whole 2016-2017 season

Lyubomir Ivanov

Lyubomir Lalov Ivanov is a Bulgarian mathematician, geographer, linguist and politician.

Chairman of the "Mathematical Logic" section at the Institute of Mathematics and Informatics of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences (1990-2011). Chairman of the Bulgarian Antarctic Place-names Commission since 1994, and national representative to the International Committee on Antarctic Geographic Information. President of the Manfred Wörner Foundation since 1994. Chairman of the Atlantic Club in Bulgaria (2001–2009).

Lyubomir Ivanov was born on 7 October 1952 in Sofia. In the period 1986-1988 he organized a successful dissident campaign against the candidacy of Sofia for hosting in the city and adjacent Vitosha Mountain the Winter Olympics of 1992 and 1994.

He was an activist of the independent association "Ecoglasnost" in 1989. Author of "Charter '89 for the preservation of Bulgarian natural heritage". Co-founder of the association "Wilderness Fund" and the Green Party, 1989. Participant in the National Round Table, 1990. Member of the National Coordination Council of the Union of Democratic Forces (1990-1991). Member of the VII Grand National Assembly. He authored scientific works in the field of mathematics, linguistics and toponymy, which have been applied in particular in designing the Streamlined System for the Romanization of Bulgarian. Ivanov suggests using his approach to Cyrillic transliteration also for other alphabets, notably Russian. Participant in several Antarctic expeditions and author of the first Bulgarian topographic maps of Antarctica. Leader of the topographic survey Tangra 2004/05, noted by Discovery Channel as a timeline event in Antarctic exploration.

In 1987 he was awarded the prize "Nikola Obreshkov" – the highest national award for achievements in mathematics, given for his monograph "Algebraic Recursion Theory". UNHCR Award for his contribution to refugee studies.


Doug Harvey

Douglas Norman Harvey (December 19, 1924 – December 26, 1989) was a Canadian professional hockey player. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1947 until 1964, and from 1966 until 1969 and is widely regarded as one of the greatest defencemen ever to play the game. He won the James Norris Memorial Trophy as the league's top defenceman on seven occasions.




Alissa Rubin

Alissa Johannsen Rubin is an American journalist who writes about war. She is of Jewish descent. She is the bureau chief for "The New York Times" in Paris. In 2016 she received a Pulitzer Prize for her stories about women in Afghanistan. 

Rubin worked for "The Congressional Quarterly", "The Wichita Eagle", and "The American Lawyer" magazine. 

In 1997, Rubin went to work at "The Los Angeles Times", where she wrote about Iraq, Afghanistan and the Balkans.

In 2007 she went to work for the "The New York Times", where she wrote about Iraq and France. She worked in the Baghdad bureau as a journalist, and then she became chief. In 2009, she became chief of the bureau in Kabul, Afghanistan.



Suraya Pakzad

Suraya Pakzad is an Afghan activist. She started Voice of Women, an organization that helps women in Afghanistan. In 2008 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.

Pakzad was born in Herat, Afghanistan. She received a degree in literature from Kabul University in 1990.

When Pakzad was 12 years old, she saw a gunman kill the headmistress of her school. A few weeks later, a bomb hit her school and killed a girl in her class.

Pakzad started Voice of Women in 1998. Its main office is in the city of Herat, but it has other offices in three provinces. The organization continued during the time of the Taliban rule, mostly in the city of Kabul. The organization helps women with housing. It helps women who get out of jail, women who run away from violent men, and girls who run away from forced marriages. 

During the time of the Taliban, the organization had secret schools for girls in Kabul. After the end of the Taliban in 2001, Voice of Women was the first women’s NGO to register with the new government.

In 2014 Pakzad started a women-only restaurant in Herat Province.


Spotswood, New Jersey

Spotswood is a town in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.

Its first settler James Johnston originally called the place "Spotteswoode", named for his old place of residence in Scotland. The settlement dates back to 1685.

Spotswood was originally part of East Brunswick Township, but decided to become its own town on April 15, 1908.

The town had a total area of 2.415 square miles (6.25 km).

As of the 2020 United States Census there were 8,163 people, 3,196 households, and 2,191 families residing in the borough.

Bokeo Province

Bokèo (Laotian: ບໍ່ແກ້ວ;) is a northern province of Laos. It has the fewest people. Bokeo Province is the smallest of the country's provinces, covering an area of .

Bokeo ("gem mine") was named after the sapphires gems that is found in the province. 
Bokeo Province is the smallest of the country's provinces, covering an area of . 
The Bokeo Nature Reserve was created as protection for the black crested gibbon (also known as "black-cheeked gibbon"), discovered in 1997, previously thought to be extinct. Elephants and wild water buffalo migrate through the reserve; bears and tigers are also present. 

Other than the gibbons the wildlife in the reserve reported are: tigers, bears, otters and wild cattle.

Its population was 145,000 in 2007, in 36 townships, more than 400 villages. The province has more than 34 ethnicities. 

Houay Xay, the capital city of the province, has a lot of eco nomic activity. The province produces a lot of maize. Also there is a big industry for precious stones and gold

"Paa beuk", a catfish, the largest freshwater fish in the world, is found in the Mekong river. It grows to in length and could weigh up to 300 kg. It is an economic resource for the people as it has a high price in the market, the meat of this endangered fish being a delicacy.


Tempora

Tempora is the codeword for a computer system used by the British Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ). It collects most internet communications from fibre-optic cables. The data base of messages can be searched later as required. The system went into action in autumn 2011.

Tempora uses intercepts on the fibre-optic cables that make up most of the internet. It gets large amounts of internet users' personal data, without any individual suspicion or targeting.

The existence of Tempora was revealed by Edward Snowden. He is a former American intelligence contractor who leaked information to former "Guardian" journalist Glenn Greenwald in May 2013. This was part of Snowdon's revelations of government-sponsored mass surveillance programs. Data collected by the Tempora program is shared with the National Security Agency of the United States.

USA3000 Airlines

USA3000 Airlines was an airline from the United States. The original name of the airline was "Brendan Airways". For commercial reasons, the airline chose to be known as "USA3000 Airlines". It was started by Apple Vacations in 2001. The airline started charter (irregular) flights to Cancún and Punta Cana in December of 2001.

Lampang province

Lampang (, ) is one of the northern provinces ("changwat") of Thailand.

Lampang is in the broad river valley of the Wang River. It has mountain chains. The highest mountain is Doi Luang. It stands at high.

Lampang is famous for the production of ceramic goods and its mining operations. A great deal of ball clay, china stone, and lignite are extracted from the surrounding mountains.

There are more than 200 ceramic factories in and around Mueang Lampang district. Most of ceramic factories are small to medium-sized operations mainly producing novelties (plant pots, dolls), tablewares, and building materials (tiles, railings).

The largest coal fired power plant in Southeast Asia is in Mae Mo district near the lignite mining area. The plant uses the abundant lignite as fuel. The largest concrete plant is also north of Mueang Lampang. This is also powered by lignite. Limestone is another abundant rock mined in Lampang. The agricultural products that this province is famous for are rice and pineapples.

In the 11th century, the Khmer Empire occupied the Lampang area. King Mengrai of Lanna took control of the region and made it part of his kingdom in 1292. Lampang became a province of Thailand in 1892.

Hand-made cotton (ผ้าทอมือ) comes in different patterns designed by different villages.

Wood-carving (ไม้แกะสลัก) is a major industry at Tambon Na Khrua of Mae Tha district

Terra-cotta or ceramics (เซรามิก) produced in Lampang are of the best quality in Thailand.

Sa Paper (กระดาษสา) is a fine product made from a type of soft wood. The process is purely traditional and the major producing center is the village of Ban Nam Thong.

Luang Wiang Lakhon Fair (งานหลวงเวียงละคอน) features Lampang's own historical backgrounds and long-established customs and traditions.i

Khantok Chang Fair (งานขันโตกช้าง หรือ สะโตกช้าง) hosts an elephant fiar

Lampang Trains and Horse Carriages Day (งานวันรถไฟรถม้าลำปาง) is organized at the Nakhon Lampang Railway Station at the beginning of April to commemorate the first royal train that arrived to the station 1 April 1916. In the event, there will be an exhibition and Kat Mua market, where the participants will dress up in the traditional style of costume of some 80 years ago, when the horse carriage was first used in Lampang. The carriage service is also provided in the event.

Salung Luang Procession and Songkran Festival (งานแห่สลุงหลวงและสงกรานต์) is a festival held from 12–14 April every year. On 12 April, water bowls will be decorated". On 13–14 April every year, there will be, sand pagoda making, ceremony of pouring water onto the elderly, splashing of water, fairs and various forms of entertainment.


Chumphon province

Chumphon () is one of the southern provinces of Thailand.

Chumphon is located on the narrow landbridge between the Malay Peninsula and the mainland of Thailand. The north has mountains and the east has flat land on the coast of the Gulf of Thailand. It has a 222 kilometre-long coastline and 44 islands.

The southern part of the province was originally a separate province named Lang Suan. It was incorporated into Chumphon in 1932.

In November 1989, typhoon "Gay" hit the province hard. 529 people were killed, 160,000 became homeless, of farm land was destroyed. "Gay" is the only tropical storm on record which reached Thailand with typhoon wind strength.

Today, Chumphon Province is a destination center for massive human trafficking from nearby Burma (Myanmar).

It is believed that name comes from a local tree called the "Maduea Chumphon" (มะเดื่อชุมพร ). The tree is abundant in the province.

The coffee-growing valley of Ban Panwal in Tha Sae District includes 178,283 rai of robusta coffee plantations. It produces more than 24 million tonnes a year. Chumphon Province contributes 60 percent of Thailand's total coffee production. Local brands include Thamsing, ST Chumphon and Khao Tha-Lu Chumporn.

In 2015, the region had 1.86 million tourists. These tourists spent 7.55 billion baht. Average hotel occupancy rose to 65 percent from 53 percent in 2014.

Transport
Air
Chumphon Airport is 30 km north of Chumphon city. It has direct daily flights to Bangkok's Don Mueang Airport (DMK). Flights from Bangkok are around 60 minutes.

Nok Air operates two daily flights between Bangkok (Don Mueang, DMK) and Chumphon Airport (CJM). i.

Tham Thip Prida (ถ้ำทิพย์ปรีดา) A rocky mountain with about 40 caves, some which contain pools.

Khao Chao Mueang (เขาเจ้าเมือง) The district's highest observation point. Tourists can take offering panoramic views of the coast and far out into the Chumphon Archipelago.

Khao Phang Forest Park (วนอุทยานเขาพาง) Within the national park, there is a great variety of tropical vegetation.

Watershed forest mountain (สัมผัสยอดเขา) Hiking trail to the top of mountain with views of both the Andaman Sea and the Gulf of Thailand

Somdech Phra Srinagarindra Park (สวนสมเด็จพระศรีนครินทร์ฯ ) The park consists of a hill and rivers.

Namtok Thap Chang (น้ำตกทับช้าง) A waterfall in Khlong Phrao National Park.

Wat Chao Fa Sala Loi (วัดเจ้าฟ้าศาลาลอย) This old Buddhist temple is particularly important to the people of Chumphon, who revere a monk named Luang Pu Song. .

Wat Tha Kwan Mueang (วัดท่าควนเมือง) A temple on top of a limestone hill

Wat Phra Thart Sawi (วัดพระธาตุสวี) A temple next to Sawi River stands a shrine

Chumphon National Museum (พิพิธภัณฑสถานแห่งชาติชุมพร) the museum provides an summary of the province.

Namtok Heo Lom (น้ำตกเหวโหลม) Waterfalls.

Por Ta Chongdong Summit (ยอดเขาพ่อตาโชงโดง) about 1,000 meters high.

Por Ta Mangkre Summit (ยอดเขาพ่อตามังเคร)

Khao Thung-Klong Pi waterfall (เขาทุ่ง-น้ำตกคลองปิ) Khlong Pi waterfall.

Phato Rafting (งานเทศกาลล่องแพพะโต๊ะ)Held during February to April. There is a mini-marathon.

Lang Suan's Fruit Fair (งานวันผลไม้เมืองหลังสวน) This fair is organized annually around August. The fruit market here exhibits a variety of fruits and there is a fruits contest.

Traditional Boats Procession and Boat Race (งานประเพณีแห่พระแข่งเรือ) - a race on boats since 1844.


Chai Nat province

Chai Nat () is one of the central provinces of Thailand.

Chai Nat is a flat plain. It is in central Thailand's Chao Phraya River valley. There is a dam. It is used for flood control as well. It also is used to divert water into the country's largest irrigation system. The water is used for irrigation of rice paddies in the lower river valley. The dam was finished in 1957 and was the first dam constructed in Thailand.

Chai Nat was first established during the Ayutthaya kingdom. It was used as a successful base of operations for confronting the Burmese army. As the Burmese were defeated every time, the area earned the name Chai Nat, "place of victory".

Chai Nat Bird Park (สวนนกชัยนาท) This sanctuary has the biggest bird sanctuary in Asia (26 rai; 4.2 hectares). Many bird bird species to live in their natural habitat.

Wat Thammamun Worawihan (วัดธรรมามูลวรวิหาร) The temple enshrines Luangpho Thammachak, a standing Buddha image

Wat Phra Borommathat Worawihan (วัดพระบรมธาตุวรวิหาร) There is an old pagoda

Chai Nat Muni National Museum (พิพิธภัณฑสถานแห่งชาติ ชัยนาทมุนี) This archaeological museum is a 2-storey adapted Thai-style building. Downstairs displays celadon Buddha images, tools, and ornaments.

Wat Pak Khlong Makham Thao or Wat Luangpu Suk (วัดปากคลองมะขามเฒ่า หรือ วัดหลวงปู่ศุข) This shady temple offers pleasant scenery and is famous for Buddha amulets.

Wasan Crocodile Farm (ฟาร์มจระเข้วสันต์) There are different kinds of animals such as crocodiles, tigers, rays, and various bird species.
Chao Phraya Dam (เขื่อนเจ้าพระยา) The nation's first large dam.

Wat Karuna (วัดกรุณา) This temple houses Chai Nat's largest sandstone Buddha image.

Khun San Statue (อนุสาวรีย์ขุนสรรค์) Khun San or Hero of the Noi River is one of the Bang Rachan folk leaders who fought courageously seven times against the Burmese.

Wat Phra Mahathat (วัดพระมหาธาตุ) The royal temple of Mueang Phraek or Mueang San. The temple houses a distinguished prang with a fluted spire like the shape of a star fruit. The prang housing Buddha relics is made from brick on a square shaped base (a plinth) in the Lop Buri style.

Wat Song Phi Nong (วัดสองพี่น้อง) Legend has it that Chao Sam, one of the three siblings, incited the other two siblings named Chao Ai and Chao Yi against each other for the throne. Both Chao Ai and Chao Yi died and Chao Sam became the ruler. Chao Sam then built one prang and one chedi for his late brothers.

Wat Phra Kaeo (วัดพระแก้ว) An ancient temple housing a beautiful square-based stupa. In front of the stupa stands a Buddha image hall known as Wihan Luangpho Chai, where a delicately carved sandstone lintel was found at the back of the image.

Monkey Park (สวนลิง) The temple houses rubber plantations and is home to a number of monkeys.

Wat Klai Kangwon (วัดไกลกังวล) or Khao Saraphat Si Charoen Tham (เขาสารพัดศรีเจริญธรรม) On top of the hill sees ruins of an ordination hall and the Buddha's footprints, as well as, a panoramic view of the area.

Dakkhanon Mattress (ที่นอนดักคะนน) Stuffed with kapok, these are made by the locals of Ban Dakkhanon, Tambon Thammamun.

Benjarong Pentachrome Ceramics (เครื่องเบญจรงค์) These five-coloured ceramics are made in the finest and most sophisticated craftsmanship.

Manorom's Pomelo (ส้มโอมโนรมย์) The most famous is the Khao Taengkwa variety with its sweet-crispy taste, large size, and is available throughout. The annual fair is held in August.

Water Hyacinth Woven Product (ผลิตภัณฑ์ผักตบชวา) By making good use of this local plant, water hyacinths are made into a variety of affordable and delicate handicraft products and household decorations such as bags, baskets, slippers, flower pots, trays in the shape of a chicken, and vases

Herbal Shampoo Products (ผลิตภัณฑ์แชมพูสมุนไพร) Made from kaffir limes, aloe, butterfly pea, turmeric, and soapberry, these renowned good quality herbal shampoo, conditioner, and bath gel, are products of the Tha Sai.

Pottery (เครื่องปั้นดินเผา) These stylishly designed pottery products such as flower pots, mugs, plates, watering utensils, and household decorations.

Huai Krot Sugar This palm sugar in soft cakes is derived from sugar palm trees

Artificial Flowers and Trees These are made from various materials such as plastic or sa paper.

Hand-woven Textiles Utilizing their spare time from cultivation, local housewives produce the uniquely traditional hand-woven textile such as the tube skirt or pha sin with the decorative piece woven in discontinuous supplementary weft technique known as tin chok, which is the influence of Laotian ancestors, who previously migrated to Chainat.

Straw Bird Fair, Chai Nat's Product Fair, and Red Cross Fair (งานมหกรรมหุ่นฟางนกนานาชาติ งานของดี และงานกาชาดจังหวัดชัยนาท) This annual fair is organized by making good use of straw, a by-product in rice farming.

Chai Nat Pomelo Fair (งานส้มโอชัยนาท) Chai Nat is one of several provinces famous for producing exceptional pomelo.


Kanchanaburi province

Kanchanaburi ( (Pronunciation)) is the largest of the western provinces ("changwat") of Thailand.

Tourists are attracted by the history of its ancient civilisation and the World War II Bridge over the River Khai (also spelt "Khwae").

The province is in west Thailand, 129 km from Bangkok. The area is about 19,483 km². It is the country's third largest province, after Nakhon Ratchasima and Chiang Mai. It is covered with timber and evergreen forests. The River Kwai is in the province.

Several national parks are in the mountainous forest areas. They include the Thungyai Naresuan Wildlife Sanctuary, which is on the UNESCO world heritage list.

Archaeological remains found in Kanchanaburi date back to the 4th century. Evidence of trade exists, saying the people traded with surrounding regions at that time. Very little is known about the historical Khmer influence in Kanchanaburi.

Very little of the region is known before the reign of King Rama I. In 1982, many skeletons and swords were found in Phanom Thuan District. This makes people think this site was the place of the famous battle of King Naresuan against the Burmese crown-prince.

Most foreigners are mainly aware of Kanchanaburi's recent history. During the Japanese occupation of Thailand in 1942, Allied Prisoners-of-War and Asian labourers were ordered by the Japanese to build a Thailand-Burma railway. Eventually, more than 100,000 people (16,000 allied POWs and 90,000 local Asian labourers) died from horrific working conditions.

River: Locals seldom use the river for transportation these days, but instead for tourist-related boat rides and karaoke dinners.

Roads: Kanchanaburi's districts are connected by three highways which also link to neighbouring provinces.

Airport: There is no public airport in Kanchanaburi.

Rail: Kanchanburi is on the line from Bangkok Noi to Nam Tok (Sai Yok). The section from Kanchanaburi westward is what remains of the railway built by forced labour. The line from Nam Tok to Sanklaburi (next to the Burmese border) was pulled up by the British after the war. There is a short section of track along with a nearby museum at Hell Fire Pass, a few kilometres west of Nam Tok.

Bus: Air-conditioned buses serve Bangkok, while travel to provincial districts and surrounding provinces is done by non- air-conditioned buses.

Only 129 km from Bangkok, Kanchanburi is a favourite holiday destination for Bangkokians and other Thais residing in the central region.

For most non-Thai, Kanchanaburi historical significance stems from the movie The Bridge Over the River Kwai, which was built by forced labour during the Second World War.

The Bridge Over the River Kwai was built next to the town of Kanchanaburi. The Death Railway ran all the way from the Kwae River valley up to Three Pagodas Pass. Today, only the lowest part of the railway to Nam Tok is still in use. Kanchanaburi city has a war museum and a large POW cemetery.

In the Sai Yok district, there is a Buddhist tiger temple where tame tigers roam freely once a day. Also in Sai Yok is the Mueang Sing Historical Park, ruins of a Khmer town and temple, as well as the Sai Yok National Park with the two Sai Yok waterfalls.

Kanchanaburi War Cemetery (Don Rak) (สุสานทหารสัมพันธมิตรดอนรัก) The immaculately maintained cemetery contains the remains of 6,982 Allied POWs who perished during the construction of the "Death Railway".

Death Railway (ทางรถไฟสายมรณะ), the strategic railway tracks began from Nong Pla Duk Station in Amphoe Ban Pong, Ratchaburi, and ran via Kanchanaburi across the Khwae Yai River, westbound to the Three Pagodas Pass, to end at Thanbuyuzayat in Burma. Total length within Thai territory was 300 km. The railway took only one year to complete, from October 1942–October 1943. After the war, some lengths of track were demolished and some submerged under the lake of Khao Laem Dam.

Sai Yok National Park (อุทยานแห่งชาติไทรโยค), a park since 1980, most of the area is limestone mountains with mixed deciduous forest.

Star gazing
Kirdkao Observatory (หอดูดาวเกิดแก้ว) in Tambon Lum Rang, is a place to gain knowledge about stars and nature.

Forest trekking
Sangkhla Buri Jungle Trek This service is offered to tourists by hotels in Amphoe Sangkhla Buri. The programme starts with rowing boats along Huai Song Ka Lia, riding elephants and rafting.

Mountain biking
Mountain biking is very common in the province.

Rafting, Canoeing, White Water Rafting are also very common along various routes such as Noi River, Kwae River, Song Ka Lia River.

Elephant trekking Kanchanaburi has many elephant camps providing elephant trekking.

Ban Nong Khao is one district in Kanchanaburi, about 12 km. away from the province. Villagers here still live simply in an agricultural society and old-style houses practising culture and traditions which has been transmitted from generation to generation.

Homestay at Ban Khao Lek
Ban Khao Lek is a small Karen village, in the middle of a valley in Chaloem Rattanakosin National Park with splendid nature. Most villagers earn a living by farming and collecting products from the forest. They live a simple life and mainly rely on nature. They practice Karen culture from generation to generation.

In 1918, alluvial sapphire deposits were discovered near Bo Ploi. It was a major source of sapphires in the 1980s and 1990s.

Kanchanaburi Province is the site of "Klity Creek", a waterway heavily polluted by the practices of the Lead Concentrate Company. The company was ordered by a Thai court to clean up its environmental damage in 2013. To date (2016) the court ordered clean-up has been halting and ineffectual.

Ram Yoei is a local dance of the Kanchanaburi local people that has been performed for more than 500 years. They perform Ram Yoei on Songkran Day and New Year, etc. Men and women must form a circle, one person will lead to sing and another will sing to the other’s lyric in reply, and Luk Khu (chorus) will sing along and dance to the rhythm of Klong Yao drums. At present, Ram Yoei is played only in Amphoe Phanom Thuan.

Most of the local rural people work in the field of agriculture. Even though most of them are of Thai ancestry, there is also a lot of Mon and Karen blood around. As minority, people have dwelled in the area for hundreds of years. Kanchanburi enjoys plenty of popular folk festivals.

Mineral Water and Waterfall Bathing Day (งานวันอาบน้ำแร่แช่น้ำตก); held at Hin Dat Hot Spring, at the beginning of November.

Boat and Raft People’s Day (งานเทศกาลชาวเรือชาวแพ); held every year at the beginning of November at Song Khwae Road near the riverside in front of the city of Kanchanaburi. Activities are folk performances, Thai typical music performance, academic exhibition concerning conservation of rivers and canals, water sports such as riding long-boat, speed-boat and jet-skiing.

River Kwae Bridge Week (งานสัปดาห์สะพานข้ามแม่น้ำแคว); held every year around the end of November until the beginning of December to commemorate the significance of the Death Railway and the Bridge over the Khwae River taking place in World War II. Visitors can see the historical and archaeological exhibition, folk performances, booths of products, entertaining activities, and light and sound show.

Kanchanburi is known for its freshwater fish. The most popular dining areas are the Song Kwae Road waterfront area and the riverside restaurants in the vicinity of the River Kwai Bridge. There are "jungle" food restaurants selling illegal imported meat of endangered animals from Burma.

In town there is the Kanchanaburi Memorial Hospital and lots of clinics and pharmacies.



Pathum Thani province

Pathum Thani (, ) is one of the central provinces ("changwat") of Thailand.

The province is north of Bangkok.

Many canals are in the province. They are used to feed the rice paddies.

In 1815, King Rama II visited the city. He was given a lot of lotus flowers. Because of this, the king decided to rename the city to "Pathum Thani". It means "the lotus flower town".
Pathum Thani has a very high concentration of higher education institutions, especially ones in the field of science and technology. This, together with a large number of industrial parks and research facilities (including those in Thailand Science Park), make the region the educational and technology hub of the area.




Bible of Borso d'Este

The Bible of Borso d'Este or Bibbia di Borso d’Este is a famous illuminated Latin Bible from the Renaissance period in the history of Europe. It was made in 1455-61 for Borso d'Este, the Duke of Ferrara. It has more than 600 pages and more than 1000 small paintings. It has many pictures of plants and animals as well as pictures showing life in the fifteenth century, including pictures of music and dance. In 1937 the Bible of Borso d'Este was reproduced in a limited edition by Bestetti Edizioni d'Arte which today has a high auction value considered as a work of art.

Northern Italy had a tradition of miniature painting for many years. The French Bible of Niccolò III was painted in this tradition. It was a model for Borso's miniatures. Niccolò's Bible was written in 1434. It is now in the Vatican.

The Bible of Borso d'Este was made between 1455 and 1461. A group of artists made the drawings. Taddeo Crivelli and Franco dei Russi were the leaders of the artists. Other artists were Girolamo da Cremona, Marco dell’Avogadro, and Giorgio d’Alemagna. Pietro Paolo Marone, a scribe from Bologna, did the writing.

In 1598, the Estense family moved to Modena, after the Pope took control of Ferrara. They took the Bible with them to Modena. In 1859, the city of Modena became part of Italy, and Francesco V d’Austria-Este went to Vienna with the Bible. In 1923, Giovanni Treccani degli Alfieri bought the Bible in a Paris bookstore. He returned the Bible to the Biblioteca Estense in Modena, Italy.

The Bible of Borso d'Este is now in the Biblioteca Estense (Este Library) in the Palazzo dei Musei, a museum and art gallery. The museum building was originally a poorhouse called Grande Albergo dei Poveri, built from 1767 to 1771. In 1788 the building became an art gallery. In 1883, the government got the building. The Bible of Borso d'Este is one of the most famous books in the museum.


Hume's fork

David Hume divided knowledge into two categories “relations of ideas”, and “matters of fact”. Relations of ideas are truthful and correct statements (for example “all unmarried men are bachelors”). Matters of fact are statements we are nearly certain are truthful but there is still a chance for it to be false: “the sun will rise in the morning”: there is a chance it will not rise.

Purple Rain (song)

"Purple Rain" is a pop and rock song by the musician Prince. The song is from the 1984 album of the same name. It was the third single off that album.

On the "Billboard" Hot 100, the album reached #2 for two weeks. It was certified as Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America. One million copies were shipped in the United States.

Prince won an Academy Award for Best Original Song Score for "Purple Rain".

The original version is eight minutes/forty five seconds long. The song was shortened to four minutes before it was released as a single.

When Doves Cry

"When Doves Cry" is a 1984 rock–pop ballad from the musician Prince. It was the lead single off his 1984 album "Purple Rain". It was a worldwide hit. It was also his first American #1 hit song. It topped the charts for five weeks.

According to "Billboard" magazine, "When Doves Cry" was the top selling single of the year. It was certified as Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. Over two million copies were shipped in the United States.

The song is one of Prince's signature songs.

Lopburi province

Lopburi () is a province in the central region of Thailand. Many historical structures, artifacts, and prehistoric settlements have been discovered.

Known as Lavo during much of its history, Lopburi probably dates to prehistoric times. The name Lavo originated in the Dvaravati period (6th–11th century CE). The Khmer Empirewould build many impressive temples in the city during its rule.

In 1856, King Mongkut of the Chakri dynasty ordered King Narai's palace to be renovated. The city finally regained its importance in 1938, when Field Marshal Plaek Phibunsongkhram chose Lopburi to be the largest military base in Thailand.

Lopburi is on the east side of the Chao Phraya River valley. It is between the Lopburi River and Pa Sak Rivers. Most of the land is mixed plains and hills.



Structures built during the reign of King Rama IV include:
Phiman Mongkut Pavilion (หมู่พระที่นั่งพิมานมงกุฎ) was constructed at the command of King Rama IV in 1862 as his private residence when he came to renovate Lopburi. 
Phra Prathiap Buildings (หมู่ตึกพระประเทียบ) Composed of two single storey buildings and a group of eight two-storey brick buildings, constructed for being residential quarters for court officials who attended King Rama V when he visited Lopburi.

Thim Dap or Royal Guards Residence (ทิมดาบ หรือที่พักของทหารรักษาการณ์) Passing through the entrance to the middle court, the buildings on both sides of the lawn were the barracks of the royal guards of the palace.
Wat San Paulo (วัดสันเปาโล) A Jesuit church, constructed in the reign of King Narai. At present, only a side of the wall and an observatory remain. 
Wat Chi Pa Sitaram (วัดชีป่าสิตาราม) Within the compound of the temple is a bell-shaped chedi representing Ayutthaya art.

Kraison Siharat Hall (พระที่นั่งไกรสรสีหราช) This hall is another residence of King Narai. 
Wat Yang Na Rangsi and Lop Buri Boat Museum (วัดยาง ณ รังสี และพิพิธภัณฑ์เรือพื้นบ้าน) Lopburi Boat Museum is at the temple sermon hall, constructed in 1927 on the bank of the Lopburi River. The hall was granted an award for Best Architectural Preservation in 1993. It reflects the rural Thai temple hall's style in central Thailand. 
Tha Khae Scripture Hall (หอไตรวัดท่าแค) Dharma Scripture hall of the "Lao Lom" community. Normally, a scripture hall is constructed on high columns in a pond. However, the one at this temple is a wooden house with a cruciform plan located on high columns.

Ang Sap Lek (อ่างซับเหล็ก) A natural ancient reservoir. In 1977, Lopburi improved Ang Sap Lek to be a natural tourist attraction by building roads around the reservoir, planting trees, as well as, erecting a summer relaxation pavilion.

Wat Lai (วัดไลย์) There are remaining ancient stucco reliefs on the Jakata stories and the Buddha's life. Maitreya Bodhisattva's image is another object that has been highly respected by the people from the past. Besides, there are other objects such as an old wihan with slit windows, which is the architecture reflecting the early Ayutthaya style. 
Khao Samo Khon (เขาสมอคอน) A mountain range which has been important historically. There are four important temples on this mountain range: Wat Bandai Sam Saen, Wat Tham Tako Phutthasopha, Wat Tham Chang Phueak, and Wat Khao Samo Khon.

Amphoe Ban Mi (อำเภอบ้านหมี่) Famous for Mudmi silk. Most of the locals are Thai Phuan who migrated from Laos around 130 years ago. They named their new settlement as "Ban Mi" after their former Laotian village.
Wat Thammikaram or Wat Khangkhao (วัดธรรมิการาม หรือ วัดค้างคาว) Mural paintings at the four sides of the ubosot depict the life of Buddha. The paintings incorporate Western techniques such as the shading of trees. 
Wat Thong Khung Tha Lao (วัดท้องคุ้งท่าเลา) The entrance of the temple is in the shape of Hanuman with its mouth wide open, decorated with glass in distinctive colours. 
Wat Nong Tao (Wat Phanit Thammikaram) (วัดหนองเต่า หรือ วัดพาณิชธรรมมิการาม) The ubosot on the back of a turtle, "tao", considered the symbol of the sub-district. 
Wat Khao Wongkot (วัดเขาวงกต) There is a bat cave on the shoulder of the mountain above the ubosot. It is the largest bat cave in Lopburi, inside which live millions of bats. The bats' droppings generate an income for the wat of more than ten thousand baht a year.

Khao Wong Phrachan (เขาวงพระจันทร์) At the summit of Khao Wong Phrachan visitors can see the panoramic scenery below. Khao Wong Phrachan is the highest mountain in Lopburi.

Sunflower fields (ทุ่งทานตะวัน) Lopburi is the leading sunflower province. Some 200,000–300,000 rai are planted with sunflowers. They are usually in full bloom from November–January. Sunflower fields are scattered throughout Mueang District, Phatthana Nikhom District, and Chai Badan District. 
Wat Phrom Rangsi (วัดพรหมรังษี) This temple has an ubosot with four porches. The bell-shape chedi is similar to the Phra Borommathat, a chedi containing a Buddha relic, in Nakhon Si Thammarat. 
Pa Sak Jolasid Dam (เขื่อนป่าสักชลสิทธิ์) It is the longest clay-core dam in Thailand. The Pa Sak River Basin Museum presents information about nature and culture. 
Ban Pong Manao Site Museum (พิพิธภัณฑ์เปิดบ้านโป่งมะนาว) A pre-historic archaeological site dating from around 2,500–3,000 years ago or the late-Ban Chiang Period. Thirteen ancient human skeletons were found here.

Khao Somphot Non-hunting Area (เขตห้ามล่าสัตว์ป่าเขาสมโภชน์) A high and steep limestone mountain range stretching along the southwestern direction, full of caves and cliffs. There are two plains in the valley and a plateau, with many spots of water seepage around the area, making it a significant watershed.
Sap Langka Wildlife Sanctuary (เขตรักษาพันธุ์สัตว์ป่าซับลังกา) The significance of the area is that it is the source of the Lam Sonthi River, as well as, a source of food for wildlife. At present, there are still goat antelopes which are protected animals living in the sanctuary. 
Special Warfare Command (หน่วยบัญชาการสงครามพิเศษ) (Mueang District) Demonstrations of how to survive in the forest, a 34-foot tower jump, parachute from a balloon, shooting, cliff climbing, and a military jungle tour. An Army Special Forces Museum displays photos, equipment, background, evolution and pictures of various activities of the special forces. 



Nakhon Nayok province

Nakhon Nayok () is one of the central provinces ("changwat") of Thailand. The word "nakhon" comes from the Sanskrit word "nagara".

The highest mountain in the province is in the northern part. The mountain is tall.

The main river of the province is the Nakhon Nayok River. 

The city of Nakhon Nayok dates back to the Dvaravati Kingdom, probably founded in the 11th century. Ruins from this time are visible at Mueang Boran Dong Lakhon south of the modern city. It was originally named "Mueang" Lablae. The name Nakhon Nayok was assigned to it in 1350, when it became a garrison town of the Ayutthaya kingdom protecting the eastern boundary.

On 1 January 1943, the government downgraded Nakhon Nayok Province and combined it with Prachinburi Province, except for Ban Na district which became part of Saraburi Province. On 9 May 1946 the province was re-established.

San Lak Mueang (City Pillar Shrine) (ศาลหลักเมือง) at one time it was a shrine housing a 1-metre wooden column topped with a carving in the form of a lotus bud, near the Old City Wall.

Chulachomklao Royal Military Academy (โรงเรียนนายร้อยพระจุลจอมเกล้า) It is a training centre for Thai military cadets.

Attractions in the Chulachomkloa Royal Military Academy include:


Namtok Sarika (น้ำตกสาริกา) is the most famous waterfall of Nakhon Nayok. The waterfall cascades down 9 levels

Lan Rak Falls or Tat Hin Kong Falls (น้ำตกลานรักหรือน้ำตกตาดหินกอง) waterfall 

Wang Takhrai (วังตะไคร้) is filled with huge, trees and has a small stream running through. There are also a variety of beautiful species of ornamental flowers and plants.

Nang Rong Falls or Namtok Nang Rong (น้ำตกนางรอง) The waterfall originates from a source on a high mountain in Khao Yai National Park. It cascades down several levels onto rock formations, flowing through verdant forests

Huai Prue Reservoir (อ่างเก็บน้ำห้วยปรือ) This is a small reservoir by volume but has a large surface area. 

Sai Thong Reservoir (อ่างเก็บน้ำทรายทอง) This small reservoir offers a natural mountainous landscape. 
Namtok Ka-ang (น้ำตกกะอาง) The water cascades

Namtok Wang Muang (น้ำตกวังม่วง) Waterfall

Thudongkhasathan Thawon Nimit (ธุดงคสถานถาวรนิมิตร) is a meditation centre for monks, novices, nuns, and the general public. There are hundreds of shelters for monks, nuns, and general public to worship.

Namtok Heo Narok (น้ำตกเหวนรก) This is a 3-tiered large waterfall with its first tier at 60 metres high. During the rainy season, there is such a lot of water that the flow is frightening and will drop straight down at 90 degrees to a lower chasm.

Ornamental Plants and Floral Centre (ศูนย์ไม้ดอกไม้ประดับ) Various plant nurseries that grow a large variety of ornamental plants and flora which are sold to every corner of the country.

Khao Yai-Nakhon Nayok Jungle Treks (ท่องไพรเขาใหญ่-นครนายก) is usually held during December to June. The trekking aims to promote the study of nature and ecology, as well as creating good understanding in natural resources and environmental conservation.
Khao Yai National Park, the first national park of Thailand was declared a national park on September 18, 1962. It covers areas of four provinces: Nakhon Nayok, Nakhon Ratchasima, Prachin Buri, and Saraburi. The park occupies an area of 2,168 square kilometers and consists of virgin forest, tropical forest, streams, waterfalls, wildlife, and a variety of plants. The most suitable visiting time is during the Thai winter, from October to February when it is cold at night until the next morning. The highest point is Khao Rom Peak, which is 1,351 metres above sea level.

Sweet Plum Mango (Ma-prang, มะปราง) is the most well known fruit of Nakhon Nayok (it is a sweet fruit and is similar to "ma-yong-chit", a sour fruit). The ma-prang harvest season February to March. They are grown in a number of orchards on the Nakhon Nayok-Namtok Sarika road.

Bamboo Products (ผลิตภัณฑ์จากไม้ไผ่) Products include a miniature sail boat, a peacock, and human faces.

Brooms (ไม้กวาด) Manufactured in Tambon Sarika, Amphoe Mueang, Tambon Na Hin Lat, Tambon Khok Kruat, Tambon Nong Saeng, Amphoe Pak Phli. The brooms are made with indigenous grass and the broomstick is made from a piece of wood from a tree of the Apocynaceae family or made of bamboo.

Doormats made from scrap cloth (พรมทอจากเศษผ้า) are produced in Tambon Khao Phoem, Amphoe Ban Na. The scrap cloth, also made into bed covers, are sold in various sizes at furniture stalls of Ban Na market and Amphoe Mueang.

Sugared Banana Chips (Kluai Chap) (กล้วยฉาบ) and sugared sweet potato and sugared taro chips are produced in Tambon Sarika, Amphoe Mueang.

Preserved Fruits (ผลไม้แช่อิ่ม) such as star apples, tamarinds, mangos, santol, and lime. 

Tak Bat Thewo Rohana Fair (งานประเพณีตักบาตรเทโวโรหนะ), a festivity where offerings are made to monks.

Sweet Plum Mango and Nakhon Nayok Products Fair (งานวันมะปรางหวานและของดีนครนายก) takes place to promote Ma-prang (sweet plum mangoes), and other agricultural products and handicrafts

Thai Merit Making (Sat Thai) and Long boat Racing Festival (งานประเพณีสารทไทยและแข่งเรือยาวประเพณี) is annually held in October along Khlong 29 at Wat Thawiphon Rangsan, Amphoe Ongkharak. 

Ongkharak Ornamental Plants and Flowers Fair (งานมหกรรมไม้ดอกไม้ประดับองครักษ์) is annually held in April to showcase ornamental plants and flowers


Nakhon Pathom province

Nakhon Pathom () is one of the central provinces ("changwat") of Thailand. The province is known for its many fruit orchards.

Nakhon Pathom is a small province. It is from Bangkok.

The name comes from the Pali words "Nagara Pathama", meaning "first city". Nakhon Pathom is often referred to as Thailand's oldest city.

Due to sedimentation from the Chao Phraya River, the coast line moved much farther to sea.

Major settlement of the province included emigration beginning in the reign of King Rama II, The province includes industrial zones, major university towns, government offices relocated from Bangkok and agricultural and transport hubs.

Wat Phra Pathom Chedi Ratchaworamahaviharn is one of the main royal temples. Belonging to this temple is the Phra Pathom Chedi, one of the tallest pagodas in the world.

Suan Sam Pran is a big garden. Nearby is the Sam Pran Crocodile farm, which includes a zoo and has elephant and crocodile shows.

The Jesada Technik Museum is on the eastern edge of Nakhon Chai Si and has a large collection of old cars, trucks, and planes.

Wat Phra Pathom Chedi Ratchavoramahaviharn () is a first class royal monastery.

Nakhon Pathom Palace () Royal palace

Phrabat Somdej Phra Monkut Klao Chaoyuhua Museum (Sanam Chan Palace) () The palace was constructed by command of King Rama VI in the year 1907.

Phra Tamnak Chali Monkol-asna () This 2-storey building is of European architecture

Ya-Lei Monument () The dog, Ya-Lei, was very close to the heart of King Rama VI. The king was very fond of Ya-Lei, so much so that Ya-Lei was envied, and was later shot by an envious person. King Rama VI was much saddened when Ya-Le died and commanded that a copper statue of Ya-Lei be cast and placed on a pedestal in front of Phra Tamnak Chali Monkol-asna.

Neun Dhamma Sala () The physical appearance is that of a hill with a tunnel opening that is believed to connect Wat Phra Mayn to Wat Dhamma Sala. From hearsay, there are various valuable treasures like ancient pottery but which may not be taken out because there is a treasure guardian spirit watching.

Wat Phra Mayn () It is an abandoned temple that nowadays resembles a large hill. Also discovered here are other artefacts which include bronze Buddha images as well as arms, thighs, and hands from a laterite Buddha image, Yaksa Deva (Thai mythical giant gods), Lotus Lion Deva, and stucco relief from the stupa ruins.

Phra Padhone Chedi () As Wat Phra Padhone Chedi is in the middle of the ancient city of Nakhon Chai Si thus several artefacts were discovered during excavations. Some of the discovered items include Buddha images, heads of Buddha images and Buddha images in terra cotta, as well as a bronze figure of a garuda gripping naga under its claws, which is the official symbol of King Rama VI.

Neun Phra or Neun Yai Hom () This area was once an ancient temple and that the hill must have been a large chedi that was in the temple compound dating back to the Dvaravati period, or earlier, roughly about 1,000 years ago.

Buddhamonthon () A huge upright Buddha image

Samphran Elephant Ground & Zoo () There are daily elephant shows, elephant rides around the compound, elephant musical shows, crocodile-wrestling shows, and magic shows.

Rose Garden () There are a multitude of beautiful floral displays of great variety.

Thai Human Imagery Museum () The museum displays lifelike wax/fibreglass sculptures of vivid detail.

Wat Klang Bang Kaew () The temple houses a chapel, a vihara, and a principal Buddha image, all of which are very old and assumed, archaeologically, to have been built in the Ayutthaya period. There is a Phra Phuttha Vithinayok museum, exhibiting historical remains, artefacts, as well as utensils of the late monks: Luang Poo Boon (Phra Phuttha Vithinayok Boon Kanthachoti) and Luang Poo Perm (Phra Phuttha Vithinayok Perm Punyavasano).

Fish Sanctuary () The place is a natural fish sanctuary, which is the habitat of various species of fish typical to the Tha Cheen River.

Kasetsart University, Kamphaeng Saen Campus (Botanical Garden) In the university compound, there are number of projects to educate farmers and the general public that include scaled-down projects such as an agricultural technology project, an irrigation system initiated along with the Royal project, an Entomological Park where various species of butterflies are housed, a pilot vegetable plantation plot, and Suan Saen Palm (garden of a hundred thousand palms), which collects various kinds of ornamental palms.

Ancient City of Kamphaeng Saen () this is an ancient town that is worth visiting. It is used as a Boy Scout camp. The interesting attractions of Ancient City of Kamphaeng Saen include unchanged ditches and earth dikes surrounding the ditches.

Sight-seeing by boats there are tours of canals, visiting fruit orchards and orchid farmt Office (terminal of Bangkok-Samphran line bus), via Chinda canal and Bangchang canal, passing rose apple orchards, coconut orchards, and orchid farms.

Pomelo orchards in Nakhon Chai Si ()

Suan Thai Tawee pomelo orchard () This orchard

Banchong Orchid Farm () The orchid farm

Sweet pomelo ()

Fragrant coconut juice ()

Khao lam () is sticky rice mixed with coconut milk and grilled in a bamboo stalk.

Nakhon Pathom Food and Fruits Fair () is annually held during the Chinese New Year, around January–February, on the grounds of Phra Pathom Chedi to promote the agricultural and industrial products of the province. It aims to promote the fruits that are grown in Nakhon Pathom such as pomelo, sweet coconuts, guavas, and bananas. It also features Chinese buffet arrangement contests and fruit contests.

Songkran Festival ) is annually held from 13 to 17 April around Phra Pathom Chedi. During the festival, there are many activities such as the Songkran procession floats, Chinese Dragon and Lion Dances, bathing of the revered Phra Ruang Rodjanarit, sand chedi building, Thai opera, and local entertainments.

Buffet for Elephant and Elephant Queen Pageant () is annually held on Labour Day (1 May) at the Samphran Elephant Ground and Zoo to show gratitude to elephants living in the grounds. The Elephant Queen Pageant is held to find a rather plump lady who could interpret and display the elephant's gentle character.

Wat Rai Khing Festival () is annually held from the 13th day of the waxing moon to the 4th day of the waning moon in the fifth month of the lunar calendar. There are many goods sold, from various government units and also from farmers. The fair also features fruit contests and there are many kinds of entertainment at night.

Phra Pathom Chedi Festival () The fair takes place annually from the 12th day of the waxing moon to the 4th day of the waning moon in the 12th month of the lunar calendar. It is held on the grounds of Phra Pathom Chedi. At night, various entertainments are provided.

Loy Krathong Festival () is held annually on the 15th day of the waxing moon in the 12th month of the lunar calendar (November). The festival is held at Sanam Chan Palace, and features beauty pageants, krathong contests, hanging lantern contests, and local entertainment, among others.


Hans-Jochen Vogel

Hans-Jochen Vogel (3 February 1926 – 26 July 2020) was a German politician. Vogel was born in Göttingen. In December 1972, Chancellor Willy Brandt made Vogel Minister for Regional Planning, Building, and Urban Development. Brandt's successor, Helmut Schmidt, made him Minister of Justice in 1974. From 1987 to 1991, Vogel was also the Leader of the Social Democratic Party. He was an MP in the "Bundestag" until 1994. He was the mayor of Munich from 1960 through 1972 and served as Mayor of Berlin in 1981.

Vogel died of Parkinson's disease-related problems on 26 July 2020 in Munich, aged 94.


Georg Kronawitter

Georg Kronawitter (21 April 1928 - 28 April 2016) was a German politician. He was a member of the SPD. He was mayor of Munich from 1972 to 1978 and from 1984 to 1993. He joined the SPD in 1961 and was elected to the Landtag of Bavaria in 1966. In the 1972 local elections, he was elected Mayor of Munich with 55.9 percent of the votes.

Kronawitter was born in Oberthann, a part of Schweitenkirchen, in the district of Pfaffenhofen.

He died in Munich, aged 88.


Academy Award for Best Original Song

The Academy Award for Best Original Song is one of the awards given every year by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). It is given to the songwriters who write the best original song specifically for a movie. Only songs that are "original and written specifically for the motion picture" can win.

The award category was first given at the 7th Academy Awards. That ceremony was for 1934 movies. Nominations are made by Academy members who are songwriters and composers. All Academy members vote for the winner.



Mount &amp; Blade: Warband

Mount & Blade: Warband is an expansion to the Action role-playing game video game "Mount & Blade". First announced in January 2009, the game was made by TaleWorlds Entertainment and was published by Paradox Interactive on March 30, 2010. The game can be downloaded from the TaleWorlds Website and on Steam or through DVD. 

"Warband" adds to the Mount and blade by introducing another faction to the game and also allows players to use political options, and allows the player to start their own faction. "Mount & blade: Warband" also has some multiplayer modes. Reviews of the game are often good, often stating the like for multiplayer.

The main changes to the game was the adding of multiplayer , the adding of a sixth faction, Sarranid Sultanate, and the change of the game map. The adding of political options. A player who is not with a faction to capture a town or castle and start their own faction. The player can travel the map, and fight along the way. The goal is to have one faction controlling all of the map.

The multiplayer mode removes all of the RolePlaying and the map from the single-player mode. It focus' more on direct combat with other players. Each player starts new with a basic character, later players can buy weapons, horses and armour, with gold earned by playing. The player's multiplayer and single-player characters are not linked, they were 8 modes.

"Napoleonic Wars" is a multiplayer-only DLC developed by Flying Squirrel Entertainment for "Mount & Blade: Warband." It "was" set during the last years of the Napoleonic Wars. The servers can hold up to 200 players it has five selectable nations. It was released on April 19, 2012. 

The multiplayer has different game modes such as team deathmatch, siege, capture the flag, duel, battle, and commander battle, for players to battle on. There are also community-organized events that pit player-created "regiments" against one another. Most of these regiments are based on actual regiments from the Napoleonic Wars. The regiments work together to create organized events, such as line-battles, sieges and groupfighting.

Camp David

Camp David is an official residence of the President of the United States. It is northwest of Washington D.C., in Catoctin Mountain park. Staffing is provided by the U.S. Navy and the U.S. Marine Corps. Its official name is Naval Support Facility Thurmont.

President Franklin D. Roosevelt had it built to escape the hot summers in Washington, D.C. At the time he called it "Shangri-La. In 1953 President Dwight D. Eisenhower renamed it Camp David after his grandson David Eisenhower. During the presidency of Jimmy Carter, The Camp David Accords were signed by Egyptian President Anwar El Sadat and Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin on 17 September 1978. This followed twelve days of secret meetings at Camp David.


Tiruchirappalli district

Tiruchirapalli district is one of the 32 districts of Tamil Nadu. The district's capital, Tiruchirappalli, is one of the largest in Tamil Nadu. It is located along the Kaveri River. The district's old name is Trichinopoly.

It is in the heart region of the state. The area of the district is 4,404 square kilometers. The population of the district is 27,22,290.

Changi Airport MRT station

Changi Airport Station (CG2) is an MRT Station in Singapore. It is along the East West MRT Line Changi Airport branch. The station is located in Singapore Changi Airport. It is one of the few stations on the MRT to have the faregates on the same level as the platform. The station opened on 8 February 2002. The former code was E14, later renumbered to EW29 after the system map revamp. The code is now used for Joo Koon MRT Station.

Previous: Expo (CG1/DT35)<br>Next: Terminus 

Marsiling MRT station

Marsiling MRT station (NS8) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the North South Line in Woodlands, Singapore. It opened on 10 February 1996. It was first named Woodlands West Station.

From 1996-2001 the code for Marsiling Station was N18.


Grenoble School of Management

Grenoble School of Management is a European higher studies establishment. The school is in 2 places, in Grenoble and in Paris. It has been created in 1984.

GEM is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management.


Branch MRT Line

The Branch MRT Line was the third line of the Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) network in Singapore. 

The 6.5-km line and three of the four stations on it opened in March 1990. Trains ran as a branch line of the East West Line. The trip from one end of this line to the other took about ten minutes. The line used six-car Kawasaki Heavy Industries C151 and Siemens C651 trains as its rolling stock.

In February 1996, the North South Line was extended to Woodlands. The Branch MRT Line was merged into the North South MRT Line.

Bukit Panjang MRT/LRT station

Bukit Panjang Station (BP6/DT1) is an MRT Station in Singapore. It is along the Bukit Panjang LRT Line and Downtown MRT Line. It is located at the boundary of Bukit Panjang, Bukit Batok, and Choa Chu Kang planning areas. It is the terminus station for the Downtown MRT Line.

It is one of the stations that is not connected to Downtown line. The station transit area is public. One has to use the paid linkway and another one had a prominent shopping mall to take a rest - Bukit Panjang Plaza.

Formerly the station was called Petir MRT Station. Due to confusion, the name was changed to Bukit Panjang MRT Station in 2009.

This station was opened on 6 November 1999, as a LRT station. The former code was A6 until 2001. Later on, on 27 December 2015, the Downtown Line opened. On 21 November 2017, cash top ups are no longer accepted at the Passenger Service Centre at this station.

Tanah Merah MRT station

Tanah Merah Station (EW4/CG) is an MRT Station in Bedok, Singapore. It is along the East West MRT Line. 

The station is situated between Simei and Bedok. It is a cross-platform interchange for trains heading towards Changi Airport. Passengers going to Expo or Changi Airport may board the train from platforms C and D. Similar to other stations on the eastern section of the East West Line, the station's design consists of white-washed walls, curved pillars and a dome-shaped ceiling. Exclusive to this station, there is a glass roof running along the middle of the station.

Tanah Merah MRT is also officially assigned the station code "CG", to differentiate the station's operations on the Main Line and the Changi Airport Branch Line.

The station was originally not going to be open with the rest of the East West Line in between 1988 and 1989 as there were only private houses surrounding it, but increasing pressure from Members of Parliament and the public forced SMRT to open this station. When it opened on 4 November 1989, the demand was extremely stagnant, with only private houses, Bedok South housing estates and Fengshan housing estates to cater to. The demand increased when Singapore Expo and the MRT line to Changi Airport opened.

The addition of a new platform was announced by Land Transport Authority on 25 August 2014 to allow trains to arrive and depart at shorter intervals and an improvement in waiting times with the enhancements. On 26 October 2016, the Land Transport Authority awarded the civil contract to Lum Chang Building Contractors Pte. Ltd. to build a new platform at Tanah Merah Station and viaducts for a contract sum of S$325 million. In addition to the new platforms, the existing East-West Line tracks will be extended to connect the line to the new four-in-one East Coast Integrated Depot at Changi. When completed in 2024, it will be the second station to have triple island platforms after Jurong East.

Sengkang LRT Line

The Sengkang LRT Line is a LRT line in Sengkang, Singapore. The 10.7 km line partially opened on 18 January 2003. 

Trains operating on the line are Mitsubishi Crystal Movers.


Sengkang , interchange with North East MRT Line

Compassvale 

Rumbia 

Bakau 

Kangkar 

Ranggung 

Cheng Lim 

Farmway 

Kupang 

Thanggam 

Fernvale 

Layar 

Tongkang 

Renjong 

Lonnie Mack

Lonnie McIntosh (July 18, 1941 – April 21, 2016), known by his stage name, Lonnie Mack, was an American rock, blues, and country singer-guitarist. As a featured artist, his recording career lasted from 1963 to 1990. He remained active as a performer into the early 2000s. 

Mack is also called one of the finer "blue-eyed soul" singers of his era.

Mack died of natural causes in Smithville, Tennessee on April 21, 2016, aged 74. He was buried at his hometown in Aurora, Indiana near the Ohio River. 

Gato Barbieri

Leandro "Gato" Barbieri (28 November 1932 – 2 April 2016) was an Argentine jazz tenor saxophonist and composer. He became famous during the free jazz movement in the 1960s. He was known for his Latin jazz recordings of the 1970s. His nickname, Gato, is Spanish for "cat".

Barbieri died of pneumonia in New York City on 2 April 2016 at the age of 83.

Erik Bauersfeld

Erik Bauersfeld (28 June 1922 – 3 April 2016) was an American radio dramatist and voice actor. He was known for his roles as Admiral Ackbar and Bib Fortuna in the third movie of the original Star Wars trilogy, "Return of the Jedi" (1983). He reprised his role as the voice of Admiral Ackbar in "" (2015).

Bauersfeld died at his home in Berkeley, California, on 3 April 2016, at the age of 93.

Don Francks

Donald Harvey Francks (February 28, 1932 – April 3, 2016), also known as Iron Buffalo, was a Canadian actor, vocalist and jazz musician. Francks's acting career began with CBC Television as a regular on "Burns Chuckwagon from the Stampede Corral" (1955-55) and "Riding High" (1955), then in the drama "The Fast Ones" (1959). In 1957 he had a part in the American series "The Adventures of Tugboat Annie". 

Francks was the first actor to voice the role of Boba Fett, a Mandalorian bounty hunter in "Star Wars Holiday Special" and reprised the role in an episode of "". He voiced several characters in "Inspector Gadget" along with his daughter, Cree Summer, who voiced Penny during the first season of the show.

Francks died on April 3, 2016 from lung cancer in Toronto, Ontario at the age of 84.

Lars Gustafsson

Lars Erik Einar Gustavsson (17 May 1936 – 2 April 2016) was a Swedish poet, novelist and scholar. He was born in Västerås, Sweden. 

Since the late 1950s he has produced poetry, novels, short stories, critical essays, and editorials. He earned international fame as a Swedish writer with literary awards such as the "Prix International Charles Veillon des Essais" in 1983, the "Heinrich Steffens Preis" in 1986, "Una Vita per la Litteratura" in 1989, a John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation Fellowship for poetry in 1994, and several others. He has been nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature.

Gustavsson died at the age of 79 on 3 April 2016 in Stockholm.


Rowley Habib

Rowley Habib (24 April 1933 – 3 April 2016), also known as Rore Hapipi, was a New Zealand poet, playwright, and writer of short stories and television scripts. In short story writing, from 1956 to 1971 Habib was a regular contributor to "Te Ao Hou The New World", a magazine for Māori.

In 1984, Habib was awarded the Katherine Mansfield Menton Fellowship. In 2013, Creative New Zealand awarded him a Ngā Tohu a Tā Kingi Ihaka Te Waka Toi Award in recognition of his lifetime of service to Māori arts, describing his play "Death of the Land" as a "landmark in the development of Māori theatre."

Habib died on 3 April 2016, aged 82.


Martin Lampkin

Martin Lampkin (28 December 1950 – 2 April 2016) was an English professional motorcycle competitor. He competed in many of off-road motorcycle events, but specialized in observed trials competitions. He won the inaugural FIM Trial World Championship held in 1975.

Lampkin is the father of twelve-time trials world champion Dougie Lampkin.

Lola Novaković

Zorana "Lola" Novaković (born 25 April 1935) is a Serbian singer. She was popular during the 1960s and the 1970s. She was born in Belgrade, Yugoslavia. 

Zorana Novaković was born on April 25 1935 in Belgrade, Serbia. Her father, Lukas, was a manufacturer for the Smith & Wesson gun company, and had served in World War One for Serbia as a corporal. Her mother, Henrietta, was a seamstress. The family earned little income and relied heavily on Lukas' manufacturing job. They moved to Banja Luka in June 1939, when Lola was 4 years old.

When Germany invaded Yugoslavia in 1941, Lukas was again conscripted by the army, again as a corporal. However, the Yugoslavian army was quickly defeated by the Germans, and Banja Luka was taken by the Nazis. The Novaković household did not have Jewish ancestry, and was not subject to the anti-Semitic laws of Nazi Germany and its puppetsas a result. However, Banja Luka was terribly damaged in the war, and the Novaković family returned to their empty residence in Belgrade, which was significantly less damaged than Banja Luka.

Lola had quickly developed musical talents during the war period. Often, she would sing Yugoslav folk songs, to the delight of her parents. Her voice was described as:

After the war had ended and Yugoslav was placed under Soviet control, Lola was signed up on a record label after a good performance at a talent show in October 1945, finishing first. This was where her musical career began.

She was known for having represented FPR Yugoslavia at Eurovision Song Contest in 1962 where she finished fourth.

In 1962, she starred in "Šeki snima, pazi se", a full-length comedy movie.

She died a few weeks before her 81st birthday on 3 April 2016.

Amber Rayne

Meghan Wren, better known by her stage name Amber Rayne (September 19, 1984 – April 2, 2016), was an American pornographic actress. Rayne entered the adult movie industry in 2005. In April 2015, she announced her official retirement from adult films.

Rayne was born in Detroit, Michigan and raised in Northern California. Rayne was a non-Hodgkin lymphoma and uterine cancer survivor.

Rayne collapsed and died at her home in Los Angeles on April 2, 2016, aged 31. Results of an autopsy and toxicology report are pending. Her cause of death was caused by an accidental drug overdose through the consumption of a combination of cocaine and alcohol.


Jules Schelvis

Jules Schelvis (7 January 1921 – 3 April 2016) was a Dutch historian, writer, Holocaust survivor and Nazi hunter. He lost his wife and most of his family during The Holocaust. Schelvis was a plaintiff and expert witness during the trial of John Demjanjuk.


Getatchew Mekurya

Gétatchèw Mèkurya (Amharic: ጌታቸው መኩሪያ) (14 March 1935 – 4 April 2016) was an Ethiopian jazz saxophonist. Mekurya reached an international audience when his album "Negus of Ethiopian Sax" was re-released as part of the Ethiopiques CD series. Mekurya's playing style has been compared to free jazz.

Mekurya died in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia from a leg infection caused by diabetes on 4 April 2016, aged 81.

George Radosevich

George L. Radosevich (January 25, 1928 – April 4, 2016) was an American football defensive back. He played for the Baltimore Colts from 1954 through 1956. He played college football at the University of Pittsburgh. He was born in Brentwood, Pennsylvania.

Radosevich died of congestive heart failure on April 4, 2016 in Anderson, South Carolina, aged 88.

Abe Segal

Abe Segal (23 October 1930 – 4 April 2016) was a South African tennis player. He was born in Johannesburg, South Africa. During the 1950s and 1960s, he was the doubles partner of Gordon Forbes. Together, they were thought of as one of the best doubles teams in the world.

Due to South Africa's policy of Apartheid, Alex Metreveli and István Gulyás both refused to compete in the 1964 Wimbledon against Segal, a white South African. This created the International Lawn Tennis Federation to pass a resolution prohibiting racial discrimination and dropping out of the tournament except due to "health or bereavement"

In 1951 he won the singles title at the Irish Open defeating Guy Jackson in the final in straight sets. He played for the South African Davis Cup team in 19 ties in the years 1955, 57, 59, 61-65 and compiled a record of 24 wins and 14 losses.

After retiring from tennis, Segal worked on painting. In 2008 he published a memoir titled "Hey Big Boy!".

Segal died of cancer on 4 April 2016 in Cape Town, South Africa at the age of 85.

Zyta Gilowska

Zyta Janina Gilowska (7 July 1949 – 5 April 2016) was a Polish politician, economist and academic. She was born in Nowe Miasto Lubawskie, Poland. 

From 7 January to 23 June 2006, she was deputy prime minister and finance minister in the Polish Law and Justice government under Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz. She was fired due to allegations about her communist-era collaboration. Paweł Wojciechowski replaced her as finance minister.

From 22 September 2006 to 16 November 2007, she again was deputy prime minister and finance minister. In October 2006, Gilowska was made the head of Poland's financial supervisory authority and the European Investment Bank governor of Poland.

László Bárczay

László Bárczay (21 February 1936 – 7 April 2016) was a Hungarian chess Grandmaster.

In 1966 he was awarded the FIDE International Master title. At the 1966 Olympiad in Havana, he scored 11/12 (ten wins and two draws) as second reserve for the bronze medal-winning Hungarian team, winning the individual gold medal for sixth board. In 1967 he was awarded the Grandmaster title.

Frank E. Denholm

Franklin Edvard Denholm (November 29, 1923 – April 7, 2016) was an American politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from South Dakota. He served in congress from 1971 through 1975. He was born in Scotland Township of Day County, South Dakota.

Denholm died on April 7, 2016, at the age of 92 in Brookings, South Dakota.

Carlo Monti

Carlo Monti (24 March 1920 – 7 April 2016) was an Italian athlete. He competed mainly in the 100 metres. He won two medals, one individual and one relay, in international athletics competitions.

Monte competed for an Italy in the 1948 Summer Olympics held in London, Great Britain in the 4 x 100 metre relay where he won the bronze medal with his team mates Michele Tito, Enrico Perucconi and Antonio Siddi. In 1946 in the European Championships Monti won the bronze medal in the 100 metres.

Dick Alban

Richard Herbert Alban (January 17, 1929 – April 8, 2016) was an American football defensive back. He played eight seasons for the Washington Redskins and Pittsburgh Steelers in the National Football League (NFL). Alban played college football at Northwestern University, where he was used at halfback and on defense.

Alban was drafted in the ninth round of the 1952 NFL Draft and started all 12 games for the Redskins his rookie year. His best season came in 1954, where he finished second in the league in interceptions with nine and was selected to his only Pro Bowl. He was traded to the Steelers in 1956 and retired after the 1959 campaign.

Ed Snider

Edward Malcolm Snider (January 6, 1933 – April 11, 2016), known as Ed Snider, was an American sportsperson. He was the chairman of Comcast Spectacor, a Philadelphia-based sports and entertainment company. He formerly owned the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association.

Snider died in Montecito, California from bladder cancer on April 11, 2016, aged 83.

Choix des plus belles fleurs

Choix des plus belles fleurs ('Selection of the most beautiful flowers') is a book of watercolour paintings by French botanical artist Pierre-Joseph Redouté (10 July 1759 – 19 June 1840). The full title is "Choix des plus belles fleurs et de quelques branches des plus beaux fruits. Dédié à LL. AA. RR. les princesses Louise et Marie d'Orléans (1827)" in French. English translation of the title is: "Selection of the most beautiful flowers and some branches of the finest fruits".

A folio edition with colour pages was printed in Paris in 1827. From May 1827 to June 1833, 144 special pages with pictures were printed. The work was in 36 parts. Each part had four pictures of flowers, flowering trees, or fruit.

The printing method for such works in the 18th and early 19th century was engraving on copperplate. It is a form of intaglio printing. 
Different colours could be got by running the plates through once for each colour, so building up the final picture. Fine colour works could also be hand-coloured by teams of women who were experts at the job. What this means is that every illustration in a book was coloured by hand. They had the artist's original in front of their eyes as they worked. The copper engraving gave the outline and any other black lines or areas.

In 1796, Redouté used a way to make prints which used both these methods. First, an engraver made an engraving from the painting, with small dots instead of lines. Then the colours were put on the engraved plate before each printing. After printing, each print was finished by hand with more colour. Redouté claimed to have invented this method. He was challenged in the courts, but he won the case.


Nera White

Nera D. White (November 15, 1935 – April 13, 2016) was an American basketball player. White played in the AAU national tournaments for the Nashville Business College team. Later, she led the United States national women's basketball team to their victory in the 1957 FIBA World Championship. 

Throughout her career, she was honored many times and won many awards. She is in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame and the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame. White played at a time when there were no major professional women's basketball leagues in the U.S. She was called one of the greatest female basketball players in history. Talented in multiple sports, she also was distinguished as an All-World player by the Amateur Softball Association.

White died on April 13, 2016 at a hospital in Gallatin, Tennessee from complications of pneumonia, at the age of 80.

Mircea Albulescu

Mircea Albulescu (; real name Iorgu Constantin Albulescu; 4 October 1934 – 8 April 2016) was a Romanian actor, university professor (Doctor of Arts), journalist, poet, and writer. He was a member of the Writers' Union of Romania ("Uniunea Scriitorilor"). He was known for his roles in "Michael the Brave", "Capcana mercenarilor", and "Semne în pustiu".

He was born in Bucharest. He graduated from the Secondary School of Architecture in 1952, and in 1956 he graduated from the Institute of Theatrical and Cinematographic Art in Bucharest.

Albulescu died on 8 April 2016 in Bucharest, Romania from heart failure, aged 81.

Wei Chueh

Wei Chueh (, 1928 – April 8, 2016) was a Chinese bhikkhu (Buddhist monk) in Taiwan. He was the founder of the Chung Tai Shan monastery and Buddhist order. Wei Chueh is often credited for reviving the traditional teachings of Chan Buddhism. Chueh was born in 1928 in Xikang (modern Sichuan). 

Chueh died at the age of 88 on April 8, 2016.

Anne Gould Hauberg

Anne Gould Hauberg (November 13, 1917 – April 11, 2016) was an American civic activist, philanthropist and patroness of the arts. She was born in Seattle, Washington. Hauberg's philanthropic career began when two of her three children proved to be mentally disabled. The Haubergs gave funds for the creation of the Pilot School for Neurologically Impaired Children which opened in 1960. In 2007, the University of Washington Libraries' Artist Images Award was renamed the Anne Gould Hauberg Artist Images Award in her honor.

Hauberg died on April 11, 2016 in Seattle, Washington at the age of 98.

Hans Koschnick

Hans Koschnick (2 April 1929 in Bremen – 21 April 2016 in Bremen) was a German politician and elder statesman. He was a member of the SPD. He was the 4th President of the Senate and Mayor of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen from 1967 to 1985. He was the 22nd and 33rd President of the Bundesrat in 1970/71 and 1981/82. He served as a member of the Bundestag, the German federal parliament, from 1987 to 1998. Between 1994 and 1996, Koschnick was the EU administrator of Mostar.

Koschnick died from complications of pneumonia, aged 87.

Guy Hamilton

Guy Hamilton (16 September 1922 – 20 April 2016) was an English movie director. He directed 22 movies from the 1950s to the 1980s, including four James Bond movies first being "Goldfinger" (1964). 

He also directed ""An Inspector Calls"" (1954), with Alastair Sim, the musical comedy "Charley Moon" (1956) "Manuela" (1957), and "Battle of Britain" (1969). In the late 1980s, Hamilton was also asked to direct "Batman" (1989), but declined.

Hamilton died at the age of 93 on 20 April 2016 at his home in Majorca, Spain.


Anne Grommerch

Anne Grommerch (11 December 1970 – 15 April 2016) was a French politician. She was a member of the National Assembly of France. She was born in Thionville. She represented the Moselle department, and was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. She replaced Jean-Marie Demange. Grommerch was also elected Mayor of Thionville in 2014. 

Grommerch developed breast cancer in 2007. She died as a result of the disease on 15 April 2016 at the age of 45.

Estelle Balet

Estelle Balet (19 December 1994 – 19 April 2016) was a Swiss freeride snowboarder and two-time world champion in 2015 and 2016 at the Freeride World Tour. 

Balet started skiing early in her childhood. At the age of ten she transitioned from skiing to snowboarding. Balet specialized particularly in switch, frontside 180, frontside 360 and jib. In 2015, Balet became the youngest ever Freeride World Tour champion when she won the women's snowboarding event. She won the same event in 2016.

On 19 April 2016, Balet died in an avalanche while snowboarding in Orsières. She was filming a snowboard segment for a film called "Exploring the Known" on Le Portalet in southwestern Switzerland. Despite swift action from emergency services and attendance from Air Glaciers, she died from her injuries.

Ronit Elkabetz

Ronit Elkabetz (27 November 1964 – 19 April 2016) was an Israeli actress and movie director. She worked in both Israeli and French cinema. She won three Ophir Awards and received a total of seven nominations. She was born in Beersheba. In 1994 she starred in "Sh'Chur". In 2008 she and Shlomi finished their second movie, "Shiva" ("Seven Days"), which won the Wolgin Award for Best Feature Film at the 2008 Jerusalem Film Festival.

She died of lung cancer on 19 April 2016, aged 51.


Mehrdad Oladi

Mehrdad Oladi (, May 25, 1985 – April 19, 2016) was an Iranian footballer. He recently played for Malavan in the Iran Pro League. He usually played in the striker position.

He joined Malavan in the summer of 2009. Alongside Pejman Nouri, they had two great seasons with Malavan, reaching the final of the Hazfi Cup. He was the top scorer for Malavan with 15 goals in the 2010–11 season. In four games played in the Hazfi Cup, he scored five times.

He joined Esteghlal on 11 November 2013, with a one and half year contract. Oladi was released by Esteghlal in June 2014 and signed a contract with Malavan.

Duane Clarridge

Duane Ramsdell "Dewey" Clarridge (April 16, 1932 – April 9, 2016) was an American senior operations officer for the United States Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and supervisor for more than 30 years. Clarridge was the chief of the Latin American division from 1981 to 1987 and a key figure in the Iran-Contra Affair.
Clarridge died at the age of 83, a week short of his 84th birthday in Leesburg, Virginia on April 9, 2016 from complications of esophageal cancer.

Tony Conrad

Anthony Schmaltz "Tony" Conrad (March 7, 1940 – April 9, 2016) was an American avant-garde video artist, experimental filmmaker, musician, composer, sound artist, teacher and writer. His career began in the early 1960s. He was a pioneer of both structural movie and drone music. Support for Conrad's work came from the National Endowment for the Arts, the New York State Council on the Arts, the State University of New York, The Rockefeller Foundation, and the New York Foundation for the Arts.

Conrad had been a faculty member in the State University of New York at Buffalo since 1976. He continued to teach there in the Department of Media Study as well as work on many notable B&W film image projects with Princess G. St. Mary until his death in 2016.

Conrad died in Cheektowaga, New York on April 9, 2016 at age 76 after fighting prostate cancer.

Juris Ekmanis

Juris Ekmanis, (2 December 1941 – 9 April 2016) was a Latvian educator and physicist. He was the President of Latvian Academy of Sciences from 2004 through 2012. He was appointed Junior Research Associate at the Riga Polytechnical Institute from 1961 to 1986, and Professor from 1986 to 1994.

He was visiting professor at Cornell University (Ithaca), Iowa State University (Ames), University of California, Berkeley, USA in 1974 and at Manchester University in 1993.

In 1976 he became a Visiting Scientist at McGill University (Montreal). In 1990 he became the Director of the Institute of the Physical Energetics at the Latvian Academy of Sciences.

Ekmanis died of complications from a stroke in Riga, Latvia on 9 April 2016, aged 74.

Will Smith (defensive end)

William Raymond Smith III (July 4, 1981 – April 9, 2016) was an American football defensive end in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Ohio State and was drafted by the New Orleans Saints in the first round of the 2004 NFL draft, where he played for the entirety of his career.

Smith was shot and killed in New Orleans, Louisiana by Cardell Hayes after he crashed into Hayes's car. Smith was with his wife who was also injured. Smith was 34 years old.

Milt Pappas

Milton Steven "Milt" Pappas (May 11, 1939 – April 19, 2016) was an American professional baseball pitcher. Pappas, nicknamed "Gimpy", pitched for the Baltimore Orioles (1957–1965), Cincinnati Reds (1966–1968), Atlanta Braves (1968–1970) and Chicago Cubs (1970–1973). Pappas was born to Greek parents in Detroit, Michigan, and his birth name was Miltiades Stergios Papastergios.

Pappas pitched in 520 games, starting 465, with 209 wins, 164 losses, 43 shutouts, 1,728 strikeouts and a 3.40 ERA in 3,186 innings pitched.

Pappas died of natural causes on April 19, 2016 in Beecher, Illinois, aged 76.

Billy Redmayne

Billy Redmayne (6 February 1991 – 19 April 2016) was a Manx soldier and motorcycle racer. was a Manx soldier and motorcycle racer. He was born Laxey. He served in the Parachute Regiment in the War in Afghanistan. By 2013 he was able to devote all of his time to racing. He won the Newcomers Manx Grand Prix in 2014 and the Junior Manx Grand Prix a year later.

On 17 April 2016 he was hit from behind by another competitor in a crash at the Oliver's Mount Spring Cup in Scarborough, North Yorkshire. He was airlifted to James Cook University Hospital in Middlesbrough. His brain injuries were too severe for him to recover, and his partner and family made a decision for his life support to be switched off and his organs donated. He died two days after the accident on 19 April at the age of 25.

Louis Gladstone

Louis I. Gladstone (May 22, 1927 – April 10, 2016) was an American politician. He was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut.

Gladstone served on the City Council of Bridgeport, first elected in 1955, serving as minority leader. He was elected to the state senate in 1958 while still serving on the Common Council, as president. In the state senate, he served on the Public Utilities Commission and Cities, Boroughs, Roads and Bridges Committee. During his time in the state senate he also served a term as majority leader. Gladstone also served as Comptroller of Connecticut from 1967 to 1970.

Gladstone died in Bridgeport, Connecticut on April 10, 2016 at the age of 88.

Howard Marks

Dennis Howard Marks (13 August 1945 – 10 April 2016) was a Welsh drug smuggler turned author. He was known as an international cannabis smuggler through high-profile court cases. At his peak he smuggled as much as 30 tons, and was connected with groups as diverse as the CIA, the IRA, MI6, and the Mafia. 

He was eventually convicted by the American Drug Enforcement Administration and handed a 25-year sentence to be served at Terre Haute; he was released in April 1995 after serving seven years. Though he had up to 43 different aliases, he became known as "Mr Nice" after he bought a passport from convicted murderer Donald Nice. After his release from prison, he published a best-selling autobiography, "Mr Nice", and campaigned publicly for changes in drugs legislation.

On 25 January 2015, it was announced that Marks had inoperable colorectal cancer. He died of the disease on 10 April 2016, at the age of 70.

Henryk Średnicki

Henryk Średnicki (17 January 1955 – 10 April 2016) was a Polish amateur boxer. He represented his native country twice at the Summer Olympics, starting in 1976 (Montreal, Canada).

Średnicki was best known for winning the world title at the second World Amateur Boxing Championships in 1978, beating Cuba's Héctor Ramírez in the final.


Sir John Leslie, 4th Baronet

Captain Sir John Leslie, 4th Baronet (John Norman Ide Leslie, 6 December 1916 – 18 April 2016), known locally as Jack Leslie, was an Irish aristocrat and media personality.

He was the eldest son of Shane Leslie (Sir John Randolph Leslie, 3rd Baronet) and Marjorie Ide. He became the fourth baronet when his father died in 1971. He was the owner of Castle Leslie in Glaslough.

Leslie died at the age of 99 in Ireland on 18 April 2016.

Kerima (actress)

Kerima (born February 10, 1925) is a French movie actress. She was best known for her role in "Outcast of the Islands".

She was born in Toulouse, France to French parents. She studied medicine before finding success in acting. 

Kermia was active in movies throughout the 1950s and early 1960s, working with Italian and American directors including Joseph Mankiewicz and Howard Hawks. Her last known work were minor parts in 1972, the last being a bellydancer in one episode of "The Adventurer", a British TV series.

Toralv Maurstad

Toralv Maurstad (born 24 November 1926 in Bærum, Norway, death 04 November 2022) was a famous Norwegian actor of stage, screen and television. He graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) in London in 1949. His only American movie appearance was starring in the 1970 box office and critical disaster "Song of Norway". He was thought as perhaps the greatest interpreter of Henrik Ibsen's "Peer Gynt", having played the part numerous times.

Eva Henning

Eva Henning (born Eva Wetlesen; 10 May 1920 – 18 April 2016) was a Swedish stage and movie actress. She was known for her roles in "Elvira Madigan" (1943), "Flickan från tredje raden" (1949), and in "The Firebird" (1952). She was born in Newark, New York to Swedish parents.

Henning died in Oslo, Norway on 18 April 2016, aged 95.

Cox Habbema

Cornelia "Cox" Habbema (21 March 1944 – 18 April 2016) was a Dutch movie and television actress. From 1968 to 1984 she played in movies for the East-German filmproduction DEFA. She was known for her roles in "To Grab the Ring" (1968), "Eolomea" (1972), "The Incorrigible Barbara" (1977), "Apprehension" (1982) and "A Question of Silence" (1982). She was born in Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands.

Habbema died of cancer in Amsterdam on 18 April 2016, aged 72. 

Yuri Bychkov

Yuri Alexandrovich Bychkov (; September 1, 1931, Lopasnya – April 18, 2016, Moscow) was a Russian art historian. He was a member of the Union of Artists and the Union of Theatre Workers of the Russian Federation. He was director of writer's house museum in Melikhovo from 1994 through 2004.

He graduated from the Moscow Aviation Institute. He was one of the founders VOOPIK (All-Russian Society for Historic Preservation and Cultural Organization).

Bychkov died in Moscow on April 18, 2016, aged 84.


Peter Rock (musician)

Peter Mociulski von Remenyk (September 3, 1945 – April 16, 2016), known by his stage name Peter Rock, was a Chilean rock and roll and nueva ola musician. He sang in Festival de Viña del Mar and in Bierfest Valdivia. In 2014, he appeared in a Chilean movie titled "Blood Sugar Baby".

He was born near Vienna in 1945, shortly after the death of his father. His mother remarried and the family emigrated to Chile in 1955.

In October 2014, he was diagnosed with ALS, which kept him in a wheelchair. He died on Viña del Mar on 16 April, 2016.


Louis Pilot

Louis Pilot (11 November 1940 – 16 April 2016) was a Luxembourgian football player and manager. Pilot started his footballing career at his home town club CS Fola Esch, before signing for Belgian team Standard Liège at the age of 20.

In November 2003, to celebrate UEFA's jubilee, he was selected by the Luxembourg Football Federation as the country's Golden Player - the greatest player of the last 50 years.

Dene Smuts

Muldene "Dene" Smuts (July 13, 1949 – April 21, 2016) was a South African politician. She was a member of Parliament for the Democratic Alliance, serving in many capacities, including as Shadow Minister of Justice and Constitutional Development. Smuts was editor of "Fair Lady" magazine, managing editor of "Leadership", and was a prize-winning author.

Smuts was Broadcasting and Telecoms spokesperson for both the Democratic Party (DP) and Democratic Alliance (DA) from 1994 and 1996. In 1992, Smuts became South Africa’s first female whip in Parliament and served as DP party chairperson from 1994 to 1997.

Rod Daniel

Rollin Augustus "Rod" Daniel III (August 4, 1942 – April 16, 2016) was an American television and movie director. He directed the movies "Teen Wolf" (1985), "Like Father Like Son" (1987), "K-9" (1989), "The Super" (1991), "Beethoven's 2nd" (1993) and "Home Alone 4: Taking Back The House" (2002).

Daniel died at his home in Chicago, Illinois on April 16, 2016 from Parkinson's disease, aged 73.

Jeanette Bonnier

Johanna Margaret Jeanette Bonnier, (January 23, 1934 – April 16, 2016), was a Swedish media proprietor, journalist and author. She was the daughter of the publisher Albert Bonnier Jr. and Birgit Flodquist and the sister of Charlotte Bonnier. She was known because she held one of the largest stakes of the Bonnier Group. She was a journalist for "Expressen".

Bonnier died in Stockholm, Sweden from heart failure on April 16, 2016, aged 82.


Banharn Silpa-archa

Banharn Silpa-archa (parts of his name also spelt variously Banhan, Silapa-, Sinlapa-, and -acha; , , , 19 August 1932 – 23 April 2016) was a Thai politician. He was the Prime Minister of Thailand from 1995 to 1996. Banharn made a fortune in the construction business before he became a Member of Parliament. He represented his home province of Suphanburi.

He held different cabinet posts in several governments. In 1994, he became the leader of the Thai Nation Party. In 2008, the party was dissolved by the Constitutional Court and Banharn has been banned from politics for five years.

Banharn died from an asthma attack on 23 April 2016 at Siriraj Hospital in Bangkok at the age of 83.

David J. C. MacKay

Sir David John Cameron MacKay, FRS, FInstP, FICE (22 April 1967 – 14 April 2016) was a British physicist, mathematician, and academic. He was the Regius Professor of Engineering in the Department of Engineering at the University of Cambridge and from 2009 to 2014 was Chief Scientific Adviser to the UK Department of Energy and Climate Change (DECC). Before being appointed to the DECC, MacKay was most well known as author of the book "Sustainable Energy – Without the Hot Air".

MacKay died of stomach cancer in Cambridge, England on 14 April 2016, aged 48.

Arnold Wesker

Sir Arnold Wesker FRSL (24 May 1932 – 12 April 2016) was a British dramatist. He was known for his works in drama. He was the author of 50 plays, four volumes of short stories, two volumes of essays, a book on journalism, a children's book, extensive journalism, poetry and other assorted writings. 

His plays have been translated into up to 20 different languages and performed worldwide.

Wesker died of complications from Parkinson's disease on 12 April 2016 in Brighton, England, aged 83.

David Gest

David Alan Gest (May 11, 1953 – April 12, 2016) was an American entertainer, comedian, producer and television personality. Gest produced the highest-rated musical television special in history, "" in 2001. 

Gest appeared on the 2006 series of the British reality television show "I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!" He became the first American to have three prime-time series in the UK. Gest appeared in series 17 of "Celebrity Big Brother" in the UK in 2016 but due to illness had to leave after 13 days. 

He was married to actress Liza Minnelli from 2002 until they divorced in 2007.

On April 12, 2016, Gest was found dead in his room at the Four Seasons Hotel in East London's Canary Wharf district, at the age of 62. His death was described by police as involving no suspicious circumstances. It was soon reported Gest died of a stroke.

Pedro de Felipe

Pedro Eugenio de Felipe Cortés (18 July 1944 – 12 April 2016) was a Spanish footballer who played as a central defender. He was born in Madrid. de Felipe arrived at Real Madrid in 1964 at the age of 20. He won the 1965–66 European Cup while playing in seven complete matches. de Felipe gained one cap for Spain, playing the full 90 minutes in a 0–0 friendly with Turkey on 17 October 1973, in Istanbul.

Gianroberto Casaleggio

Gianroberto Casaleggio (; 14 August 1954 – 12 April 2016) was an Italian entrepreneur and political activist. He was co-founder and chairman of Casaleggio Associati srl and editor of Beppe Grillo's blog. He was also co-founder, with Beppe Grillo, of the Five Star Movement, of which he was sometimes called "guru". Casaleggio promoted the Web in Italy as a medium for political communication.

Casaleggio died on 12 April 2016 at the age of 61, after a long-illness.

Paul Carey

Paul Carey (March 15, 1928 – April 12, 2016) was an American broadcaster and sportscaster. He broadcast professionally in six different decades. He is a member of the Michigan Sports Hall of Fame. He was known for broadcasting the Detroit Tigers games and for producing the Detroit Tigers Radio Network from 1964 to 1971.

Carey died on April 12, 2016 in Rochester, Michigan from complications of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), at the age of 88.

Liang Sili

Liang Sili (; 24 August 1924 – 14 April 2016) was a Chinese rocket and missile system control scientist, and an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS).

He was the youngest son of Chinese scholar and reformist Liang Qichao. His elder brothers, Liang Sicheng and Liang Siyong, were also academicians.
He was appointed at the Institute of Telecommunications Technology (Ministry of Posts & Telecommunications) and later Institute of Electronic Science (Communication Department of PLA). In 1956, Liang transferred to the Fifth Institute of Ministry of Defense. He became the deputy director of Research Office of Missile Control System, working under Qian Xuesen. He acted an important role on the design of Dongfeng 2A missile, Dongfeng 5 missile, Long March 2 rocket and Long March 3 rocket.

Liang was elected an academician of the International Academy of Astronautics in 1987, and academician of CAS in 1993. He became the vice-president of the International Astronautical Federation in 1994.
Liang died on 14 April 2016 at the age of 91 in Beijing.

Ilija Ivezić

Ilija Ivezić (20 July 1926 – 14 April 2016) was a Croatian movie actor. He was born in Ričice, Gračac, Croatia.

In a career that spanned more than fifty years, Ivezić worked with directors Fadil Hadžić, Krsto Papić, Vatroslav Mimica, Veljko Bulajić, and Antun Vrdoljak, among many others. He was known for his roles in "Last of the Renegades" (1964), "Die Rechnung - eiskalt serviert" (1966), "Acting Hamlet in the Village of Mrdusa Donja" (1974), "The Golden Years" (1993) and in "Marshal Tito's Spirit" (1999)

Ivezić died on 14 April 2016 in Zagreb, Croatia, aged 89.

Manouchehr Sotoudeh

Manouchehr Sotoudeh (, 19 July 1913 – 13 April 2016) was an Iranian geographer and scholar of Persian literature. He wrote 60 books and nearly 300 articles. He is the first Iranian who published the first dialectal dictionary. He was also a professor of University of Tehran.

Sotoudeh died in Chalus, Iran from respiratory failure on 13 April 2016, aged 102.

Mariano Mores

Mariano Martínez, better known as Mariano Mores (18 February 1918 – 13 April 2016), was a famous Argentine tango composer, pianist and conductor. He was born in Buenos Aires. 

Together with Enrique Santos Discépolo, he authored such classics as "Uno" (1943), "Sin palabras" (1946) and "Cafetín de Buenos Aires" (1948). Mores and José María Contursi wrote "En esta tarde gris" (1941), "Tu piel de jazmín" (1941), "Grisel" (1942) and "Cristal" (1944). He co-wrote "La calesita" (1953) and "El patio de la morocha" (1951) with Cátulo Castillo, "Una lágrima tuya" (1949) with Homero Manzi and, "Cuartito Azul" (1939) with Mario Battistella.

Mores died on 13 April 2016 in Buenos Aires at the age of 98.

Leonie Kramer

Dame Leonie Judith Kramer (1 October 1924 – 20 April 2016) was an Australian academic, educator and professor. She is known to be the first female professor of English in Australia, first woman to chair the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and the first female chancellor of the University of Sydney. She was made the Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire and the Companion of the Order of Australia.

Kramer died in Sydney, Australia on 20 April 2016 from complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 91.


Marina South Pier MRT station

Marina South Pier MRT station (NS28) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station along the North South Line, in Straits View planning area, Singapore. It is the southern terminal station of the North South Line. The station is located near the Marina South Pier and the Marina Bay Cruise Centre Singapore.


Braddell MRT station

Braddell MRT station (NS18) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station located on the North South Line in Toa Payoh, Singapore. It was the first underground station on the MRT network with side platforms due to space constraints.

Formerly the code was: N9


Boris Hybner

Boris Hybner (August 5, 1941 — April 2, 2016) was a Czech actor and mime artist. In 2010, Hybner won the Thalia Award. He was known for his movies "Jára Cimrman Lying, Sleeping" (1983), "Dissolved and Effused" (1985), "Cosy Dens" (1999), "I'm All Good" (2008), "Toys in the Attic" (2009) and in "Marguerite" (2015).

Hybner died on April 2, 2016 in Prague at the age of 74 from an illness.

Nguyen Anh 9

Nguyen Anh 9 (born Nguyen Dinh Anh, January 1, 1940 – April 14, 2016) was a Vietnamese songwriter and pianist. 

He was born in Ninh Thuan Province, Vietnam on January 1, 1940. He was raised in Nha Trang and in Saigon. Nguyen Dinh Anh studied at Taberd until 1954 and went to Da Lat.

Nguyen Anh 9 started his songwriting career in a very accidental way when touring Japan with Khanh Ly. Nguyen Anh 9 played the guitar he was holding right away and sang: ""Không! Không! Tôi không còn, tôi không còn yêu em nữa..."" ("No! No! I'm no longer, I'm no longer in love with you..."). When coming back to Vietnam, Khanh Ly suggested he write this song. At her suggestion, he finished writing his first song in a short time.

The song "Không" (No) was first recorded by Khanh Ly on vinyl with the disc title "Tình ca quê hương" (Native land love songs). "Không" became one of the signature songs of Elvis Phuong's singing career, as well as some other Nguyen Anh 9's songs such as "Ai đưa em về" (Who takes you home), "Chia phôi" (Parting), "Một lời cuối cho em" (One last word for you)... many performed by Elvis Phuong on the stage of Queen Bee discothèque in Saigon in early 1970s.

In 1982, Nguyen Anh 9 returned to the music industry. He continued to take part in the concerts and piano shows in many places. Nguyen Anh 9 was also invited to write the soundtracks for some movies such as "Mảnh tình nghiệt ngã" (Ill-fated love affair), "Mênh mông tình buồn" (Immensely sad love).

He died of pneumonia and heart failure in Ho Chi Minh City, aged 76.

Gareth Thomas

Gareth Daniel Thomas (12 February 1945 – 13 April 2016) was a Welsh actor. He was best known for his role as Roj Blake in the BBC science fiction television series "Blake's 7", but appeared in many other movies and television programmes, including Shem in the ITV sci-fi series "Star Maidens" and Adam Brake in the fantasy series "Children of the Stones".

Thomas died of heart failure in Surrey, Greater London on 13 April 2016, aged 71.


Ahmed Brahim

Ahmed Brahim (, "ʾAḥmad Ibrāhīm"; 14 June 1946 – 14 April 2016) was a Tunisian politician. He was the First Secretary of Ettajdid Movement and the leader of the Democratic Modernist Pole until April 2012, when his party merged into the Social Democratic Path of which he became the president. He was the Ettajdid Movement's candidate for President of Tunisia in the 2009 presidential election. He was a professor of French at the University of Tunis; his area of study was comparative linguistics.

Ray Thornton

Raymond Hoyt "Ray" Thornton, Jr. (July 16, 1928 – April 13, 2016) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was a member of the U.S. Representative for Arkansas' 4th congressional district from 1973 to 1979 and the 2nd district from 1991 to 1997.

He studied among others at Yale University.

Thornton died in Little Rock, Arkansas on April 13, 2016, aged 87.

Chanhassen, Minnesota

Chanhassen is a city in Carver and Hennepin counties in the state of Minnesota. It is southwest of Minneapolis. The population was 25,947 at the 2020 census.

As of the census of 2020, there were 25,947 people, 9,644 households, and 7,256 families living in the city.

Chanhassen is home to several attractions that are well-recognized throughout the state and even nationally.

Chanhassen is located in Minnesota's 3rd congressional district, represented by Erik Paulsen, a Republican.
President George W. Bush was the first sitting United States president to visit Chanhassen.

Companies with headquarters in Chanhassen include:


William M. Gray

William "Bill" Mason Gray (October 9, 1929 – April 16, 2016) was Emeritus Professor of Atmospheric Science at Colorado State University (CSU), and the head of the Tropical Meteorology Project at CSU's Department of Atmospheric Sciences. He was widely regarded as a pioneer in the science of forecasting hurricanes and one of the world's leading experts on tropical storms. After retiring as a faculty member at CSU in 2005, Gray remained actively involved in both climate change and tropical cyclone research until his death.

Gray died in Fort Collins, Colorado on April 16, 2016, aged 86.

Newton MRT station

Newton MRT station (NS21/DT11) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station in Singapore. It is an interchange station between the North South MRT Line and Downtown MRT Line. The station was formerly known as Newton Circus. It is one of the stations that is not connected from North South line to Downtown line. The station transit area is public.

The station was opened on 12 December 1987 and the original station code is N4. Downtown Line station was opened on 27 December 2015, reducing the need to take bus services 171 and 700/700A.

On 5 October 2017, a Platform screen door on the North South Line platform did not work. The door, which is fitted with sensors to detect when the train doors opens, did not open when the train doors opened. SMRT staffs directed passengers to the nearest working door. A similar case happened at the Downtown Line platform at Botanic Gardens station.

On 7 to 8 October, this station was the temporary terminating point for trains travelling from Marina South Pier. This was due to the Bishan tunnel flooding which caused train services to be suspended between Ang Mo Kio and Newton. Normal train services resumed at around 2pm on 8 October.

As part of Exercise Station Guard 2018, a security exercise, X-ray machines and metal detectors are used in this station. It is also used as part of a trial in November 2018.



Canberra MRT station

Canberra MRT station (NS12) is an elevated Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the North South Line, located along Canberra Link in Sembawang, Singapore. 

The station was announced on 27 June 2014. Construction began on 26 March 2016 and station opened on 3 November 2019. It will let people in the area take 10 minutes less to travel to the city centre or Jurong East. 

Bayfront MRT station

Bayfront MRT Station (CE1/DT16) is a MRT Station in Singapore. It is an interchange station between the Circle and Downtown lines. It serves mainly the Marina Bay Sands hotel and casino, an underground walkway also provides visitors with a convenient passage to Gardens by the Bay.

Bayfront was the fifth and newest station that has a cross-platform interchange, after City Hall, Raffles Place, Jurong East and Tanah Merah.

This station was opened on 14 January 2012 and commuters can view the glimpse of the Downtown Line until the line opens on 22 December 2013.

At the platform level, there are several platforms for the Bayfront MRT Station:
In addition, bus services 97, 106, 133, 502, 518 also stops at two of the key stops at Bayfront Avenue, which is next to Marina Bay Sands and Bayfront MRT Station respectively.

Peter Sellers (broadcaster)

Peter Heayne Joseph Sellers (1921/1922 – 22 April 2016) was a New Zealand sports broadcaster. He was born in the Wellington. He studied at Rongotai College. Sellers began working for the New Zealand Broadcasting Service in Wellington in 1952. He moved to Dunedin in 1958. He became one of the country's leading sports broadcasters, retiring in 1987. He was best known as a radio broadcaster, Sellers also presented a television sports show from the early 1960s until 1975.

Sellers died in Dunedin on 22 April 2016, aged 94.

Kit West

Kit West (1936 – 16 April 2016) was a British special effects artist. He was known for his work in "Raiders of the Lost Ark" and "Return of the Jedi". In his career, West has been nominated three times but won an Academy Awards for his work in special affects. He was born in London.


West died on 17 April 2016 in London, aged 79.

Zena Latto

Zena Latto (October 25, 1925 – April 5, 2016) was an American jazz clarinetist and saxophonist. During the 1940s and 1950s, she played with the big band the International Sweethearts of Rhythm. She bought a baritone saxophone to stay with that group and continued to perform with the Sweethearts until 1955. Latto performed with her own band the Modern Moods from 1955 to 1957.

Latto died in Jacksonville, Florida on April 5, 2016, aged 90.

E. M. Nathanson

Erwin "Mick" Nathanson (February 17, 1928 – April 5, 2016) was an American author. He was known as the author of the 1965 novel "The Dirty Dozen". His book was made into a movie with the same name. He was born in The Bronx, New York.

Nathanson died at his home in Laguna Niguel, California from heart failure on April 5, 2016, aged 88.

Eunos MRT station

Eunos MRT Station (EW7) is an MRT Station in Singapore. It is along the East West MRT Line. The station is located in Geylang East which is sometimes called Eunos.

Eunos MRT Station opened on 4 November 1989. The station features a Malay style roof. This style roof can also be found at Chinese Garden (EW25) and Lakeside (EW26).


Previous: Kembangan (EW6)<br>Next: Paya Lebar (EW8)

Formerly the code was: E6 (1989 - 2001)


One-north MRT station

one-north MRT Station (CC23) is an MRT Station in Singapore. It is a Station on the Circle MRT Line. 

The station was opened on 8 October 2011 and is the only one on the entire MRT whose name does not start with a capital letter. It is located opposite Dover and serves the Industrial estate and schools nearby.

The name one-north was selected to reflect the geographical location of Singapore, at one degree north. 

Shawkan

Mahmoud Abou Zeid (Arabic محمود أبو زيد) or Shawkan (Arabic شوكان) is an Egyptian photojournalist. His photographs were published in many countries. He has been in prison without a trial since 2013, after he took photographs of a protest in Egypt.

Many Egyptian news organizations used Shawkan's photos. Shawkan's photos were in many international newspapers and magazines, including Time magazine, The Sun, Bild (a German newspaper) and Die Zeit. In 2010, Shawkan went to work for Demotix, a photo agency in London. During the Arab Spring, Shawkan took photos of the Tahir Square protests in Cairo.

In 2013, Shawkan took photos of protests against the Egyptian president, Mohamed Morsi in Cairo. Police arrested him. Two other photographers were arrested at the same time: Louis Jammes, a French photographer and Mike Giglio, a US reporter. Jammes and Giglio are free but Shawkan is still in prison.

In March 2015, Shawkan wrote a letter about his torture in prison. Shawkan's trial was scheduled for April 23, 2016. Shawkan went to court, but the court did not free him. The trial was changed to May 5.

In September 2016, Shawkan's photos were exhibited in New York at Bronx Documentary Center. His work was also shown at Photoville in New York.

In 2015 a photojournalism prize, The Shawkan Photo Awards, was named for Shawkan. The first winner was Islam Osama, who took a photo of the death of activist Shaimaa Sabbagh.

Shawkan was arrested on August 14, 2013 during protests against the government. More than 1000 people were killed and many protesters were arrested. Two other journalists were arrested at the same time, one from France and one from the United States. The foreign journalists were freed quickly, but Shawkan was charged with weapons possession, illegal assembly, murder and attempted murder. One of the other journalists, Mike Giglio, said Shawkan only had a camera.

Many organizations want freedom for Shawkan. The Committee to Protect Journalists made a statement. 
Amnesty International said he should be free. Orla Guerin from the BBC, Patrick Kingsley from the Guardian, and Peter Greste from Al-Jazeera, who was also in prison in Egypt, wrote to the Egyptian president.



Milltown, New Jersey

Milltown is a borough in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.

The Lenape (Native American people) had settlements along the Lawrence Brook. It would soon be called Lawrence Brook Mill. The 1903 classic western film "The Great Train Robbery" was shot in Milltown.

In March 2010, the Milltown City Council voted against changing the name of Petain Avenue. They said it would be difficult for the residents if the name changed. Petain Avenue is named for Philippe Pétain, a French World War I general who became the leader of the Vichy France government during World War II.

Milltown borough has a total area of of land and of water. The borough borders North Brunswick Township to the west and East Brunswick Township to the east.

As of 2020, the borough's population was 7,037.

The government of Milltown consists of a Mayor and a Borough Council. The council has six members. A Mayor is elected directly by the voters to a four-year term of office. In the 2009 election for governor, Republican Chris Christie received 56.2% of the vote (1,684 ballots cast), ahead of Democrat Jon Corzine with 33% (982 votes). Independent Chris Daggett received 261 votes (.09%). In this election 49% of registered voters came out to cast their votes.

The Milltown Public Schools serves students in public school for Kindergarten through eighth grade. For ninth through twelfth grades, public school students attend Spotswood High School in Spotswood.

, the borough had a total of of roadways.

New Jersey Transit provides local bus service on weekdays along the 811 route and Coach USA Suburban Transit provides NYC rush-hour commuter service on the 400 route.

The Raritan River Railroad used to run through Milltown. The track and freight station still remain.

People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Milltown include:


John Ericson

John Ericson (sometimes spelled Erickson; September 25, 1926 – May 3, 2020) was a German-American movie and television actor. He was known for his roles in "Pretty Boy Floyd" (1960), "Under Ten Flags" (1960), "Slave Queen of Babylon" (1963), "7 Faces of Dr. Lao" (1964), "" (1965), "The Money Jungle" (1968), "The Bamboo Saucer" (1968), "Bedknobs and Broomsticks" (1971), "Crash!" (1977), and "The Far Side of Jericho" (2006).

Ericson died of pneumonia in Santa Fe, New Mexico on May 3, 2020 at the age of 93.


Ben Roy Mottelson

Ben Roy Mottelson (July 9, 1926 – May 13, 2022) was an American-born Danish nuclear physicist. He won the 1975 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on the non-spherical geometry of atomic nuclei.

Mottelson was born in Chicago, Illinois. He graduated from Lyons Township High School in LaGrange, Illinois. He received a Bachelor's degree from Purdue University in 1947, and a Ph.D. in nuclear physics from Harvard University in 1950.

In 1950–51, James Rainwater (1917 – 1986) and Aage Bohr (1922 – 2009) had developed models of the atomic nucleus. It began learn the behaviour of the individual nucleons. Mottelson worked with Aage Bohr to share the theoretical models with experimental data.

In three papers which were published in 1952–53, Bohr and Mottelson demonstrated close agreement between theory and experiment, for example showing that the energy levels of certain nuclei could be described by a rotation spectrum. This work stimulated new theoretical and experimental studies.

Rainwater, Bohr and Mottelson were jointly awarded the 1975 Nobel Prize in Physics "for the discovery of the connection between collective motion and particle motion in atomic nuclei and the development of the theory of the structure of the atomic nucleus based on this connection".

Bohr and Mottelson continued to work together, publishing a two-volume monograph, "Nuclear Structure". The first volume, "Single-Particle Motion," appeared in 1969, and the second volume, "Nuclear Deformations," in 1975.

Professor Mottelson was a member of the Board of Sponsors of The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists.

He was a foreign fellow of Bangladesh Academy of Sciences and the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters. In 1969, he won the Atoms for Peace Award.

Mottelson had dual citizenship. He had both Danish and American citizenship. He lived in Copenhagen, Denmark.

Mottelson was married to Nancy Jane Reno from 1948 until her death in 1975. They had two sons and one daughter. Mottelson then married Britta Marger Siegumfeldt in 1983.

Mottelson died on May 13, 2022 in Copenhagen at the age of 95.


Thamirabarani River

The Thamirabarani River is a river in India. It starts flowing from the peak Agastyarkoodam in the Western Ghats hills in Papanasam of Tirunelveli district, Tamil Nadu.

This river had the name of Porunai in ancient Tamil country. The name of Thamirabarani is assumed from the high content of Copper in this river. This copper content also makes the water of this river, sweet or tasty.

The Thamirabarani river runs through the districts of Tirunelveli and Thoothukudi. The length of this river is . This river and its tributaries brings water to these districts. Therefore, the water is used for irrigation purposes.

The tributaries of Thamirabarani river are Gadananathi River, Manimuthar River, Pachaiyar River etc. List of dams are constructed surrounding the river.

Isan language

Isan is the name for a number of closely related dialects which are spoken in the Northeast of Thailand and neighbouring countries. Isan is mostly used for informal communication. Isan consists of a number of dialects, there is no official language. People who speak one dialect usually understand the others. When Isan is written down, the Thai alphabet is used most of the time. Very rarely, the Lao alphabet, which is also used to write the Laotian language is used. About 20 million people speak the Isan language as their first language. About a third of the population of Thailand, and 80% of the speakers of Laotian understand it.

Pierre-Joseph Redouté

Pierre-Joseph Redouté (10 July 1759 in Saint-Hubert – 19 June 1840 in Paris) was a painter and botanist from the Southern Netherlands. He is known for his watercolours of roses, lilies and other flowers. He was nicknamed "the Raphael of flowers" and has been called the greatest botanical illustrator of all time. Many of the species he painted had never been illustrated before.

He was an official court artist of Queen Marie Antoinette, and he continued painting through the French Revolution and Reign of Terror.

For fifty years, Redouté was the drawing teacher to French queens and princesses. He dedicated "Choix des plus belles fleurs" to two of his students, Louise and Marie d’Orléans. Later, Marie d’Orléans became the first queen of the Belgians.


Posthumously published, in 1989:

Sherman's March to the Sea

Sherman's March to the Sea is the name given to the military Savannah Campaign in the American Civil War. This was a march of troops through Georgia that lasted from November 15 to December 21, 1864. It was led by Maj. Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman of the Union Army.

The campaign began with Sherman's troops leaving the captured city of Atlanta, Georgia, on November 15. It ended with the capture of the port of Savannah on December 21. His army burned military targets along with stores, other businesses, and the homes of the people who lived in their path. This ruined the Confederacy's economy and its means of travelling.

Sherman's plan of action of fighting deep inside enemy territory without any extra supplies changed American war strategy.

Nina Arkhipova

Nina Nikolayevna Arkhipova ("Нина Николаевна Архипова"; 1 May 1921 – 24 April 2016) was a Soviet-born Russian movie and stage actress. She was a People's Artist of the RSFSR (1988). She was known for her roles in "Bountiful Summer", "Prosnis i poy", "Burnt by the Summer". She was born in Omsk, USSR.

Arkhipova died in Moscow, Russia from complications of pneumonia on 24 April 2016, aged 94.


The Sweet Escape

The Sweet Escape is the second studio album by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani, released on December 1, 2006 by Interscope Records.


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "The Sweet Escape".

Inge King

Inge King AM (26 November 1915 – 24 April 2016) was a German-born Australian sculptor. She received many public commissions. Her work is held in public and private collections. Her best known work is "Forward Surge" (1974) at the Melbourne Arts Centre. She became a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) in January 1984.


Ron Brace

Ronald "Ron" Jeffery Brace III (December 18, 1986 – April 23, 2016) was an American football nose tackle. He was drafted by the New England Patriots in the second round of the 2009 NFL Draft as a defensive end. He played college football at Boston College. He played for the Patriots from 2009 through 2012.

Brace died suddenly from an apparent heart attack on April 23, 2016 in Springfield, Massachusetts at the age of 29.


Harry Perkowski

Harry Walter Perkowski (September 6, 1922 – April 20, 2016) was an American pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played between 1947 and 1955 for the Cincinnati Reds & Redlegs (1947, 1949–54) and Chicago Cubs (1955). He was listed at , , he batted and threw left-handed.

Perkowski died in Beckley, West Virginia on April 20, 2016, aged 93.



Emile Ford

Emile Ford (born Michael Emile Telford Miller, 16 October 1937 – 11 April 2016) was a Saint Lucian musician and singer. He was born in Castries. He was popular in the United Kingdom in the late 1950s and early 1960s as the leader of Emile Ford & the Checkmates. They had a number one hit in late 1959 with "What Do You Want to Make Those Eyes at Me For?". He also did pioneering work as a sound engineer.

Ford died in London on 11 April 2016, aged 78.

Darrell Hogan

Darrell Trayler Hogan (July 2, 1926 – April 6, 2016) was an American football player. He played from 1949 through 1953 with the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League.

Hogan was born in San Antonio, Texas. He first studied at Baylor University before moving to Trinity University. Hogan was raised in Hot Wells, Texas. He coached high school football and track and field in Texas after his playing days. He was inducted into the Trinity University Athletics Hall of Fame in 2003. 

Hogan died on April 6, 2016 from heart failure in Bandera, Texas, aged 89.


Royston Nash

Royston Hulbert Nash (July 23, 1933 – April 4, 2016) was an English conductor. He was best known as a music director of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and, later, as the conductor of the Cape Cod Symphony Orchestra.

Nash was born in Southampton, England. 

His career as a conductor began with the Royal Marines from 1957 to 1970. He then joined D'Oyly Carte, becoming Music Director from 1971 to 1979. There, he led the company during its centenary year in 1975 and issued a number of recordings, including the company's only recordings of "Utopia, Limited", "The Grand Duke", and "The Zoo", as well as recordings of some rarely heard Sullivan music. 

He then moved to the United States, where he became musical director of the Cape Cod Symphony Orchestra, the Nashua Symphony Orchestra, and other ensembles, until his retirement in 2007. He also founded and conducted Symphony by the Sea.

Nash died at the McCarthy Care Center in East Sandwich, Massachusetts on April 4, 2016, aged 82.


Papa Wemba

Jules Shungu Wembadio Pene Kikumba, or commonly known as Papa Wemba (June 14, 1949 – April 24, 2016) was a Congolese rumba (later known as soukous) singer and musician. He was one of Africa's most popular musicians, and known in world music. He was born in Lubefu, Sankuru District, Belgian Congo. He worked with Zaiko Langa Langa and Viva la Musica.

Wemba, who suffered from epilepsy, died after suffering a seizure on stage in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire on April 24, 2016 at the age of 66.


Smelting

Smelting is the general term for getting a metal from its natural ore. Gold is an exception because it is usually found as a pure metal. Other metals, like iron, copper, zinc, and silver, need to be got from their ore.

The process of smelting always involves heating the ore, and may also use a reducing agent like coke or charcoal. Most ores are oxides, sulfides or carbonates. This process removes the nonmetal part, leaving behind the metal. Ores are not pure, so a flux is added to carry away the impurities. Limestone is the usual flux for this purpose. It removes the impurities as slag.

Beyond this, each metal has its own special methods. Producing iron from its ore is done in a blast furnace. Producing zinc or aluminium from their ores requires (in addition to heat) electrolysis.

Iron is smelted from iron ore in large reactors called blast furnaces. A blast furnace is a tall vertical structure which is fed with coke, iron ore and limestone. When hot air is blown in the blast furnace, the coke will burn and reduce the oxygen off the ore, producing bare iron and carbon dioxide. The limestone will bind off any remaining bedrock. The iron melts in the hot temperature and is tapped off in liquid phase at the bottom. It is then worked into steel. The limestone and bedrock form a compound called slag. It can be used for making bricks, concrete or road topping. Earlier methods include Bloomery.

Aluminum is smelted in electric ovens called electric arc furnaces. The aluminum ore is poured on the bottom of the furnace and electric current is led through the ore. The temperature rises so high that the oxygen separates, leaving metallic aluminum.

Copper is poured on naked flame which burns off sulfur and other impurities, leaving raw copper. Electrolysis uses electric current to separate the copper in big pools, which contain water solution called electrolyte. An electric current is led in the pool, and all copper will gather on the electrode called cathode. 

Metallurgy and especially smelting is a key to the early civilizations. The earliest evidence of copper smelting dates from between 5500 BC and 5000 BC. The sites are in Pločnik and Belovode, Serbia.

River Wandle

The River Wandle is a river in south-east England. The river runs through southwest London. 

Rain falls on the North Downs, filters through the chalk and emerges on the spring line. The river is first visible at Wandle Park in Croydon. It passes through the London Boroughs of Croydon, Sutton, Merton, and Wandsworth to join the River Thames at Wandsworth. The River Wandle is between 9 and 11 miles long. 

The river has been used since Roman times. It was heavily industrialised in the 17th and 18th centuries and was one of the most polluted rivers in England. 

In Victorian times the Wandle was one of hardest working rivers in the world. The river was used to power 68 water wheels, of which only a few survive, such as at Merton Abbey Mills.

On 17 September 2007, a chemical was accidentally flushed into the Wandle from Thames Water's Beddington sewage works. The chemical was being used to clean, but instead of being put back through the treatment works, it was accidentally put into the river. This resulted in over 2,000 fish of various species being killed. The company failed to tell the Environment Agency of the incident, as the site manager thought it wasn't important. 

Dry fly fishing was first started for catching trout from the river. Cleanups of the Wandle have improved the water quality, leading to a return of the river's once famous brown trout. This improvement in water quality has also seen other fish thrive. There are stocks of chub, roach and perch all flourishing once again with the most popular angling spots situated on the river at Colliers Wood. 

Also found in the River Wandle are water voles, otters, the common toad, and grey heron. Water voles usually live along rivers. Otters are one of the top river predators, feeding mainly on fish.

The river is managed with artificial channels, runoff ditches and a few underground stretches.

International Downtown Association

International Downtown Association (IDA) is an international organization dedicated to Downtowns and city centers around the world. The organization is located in Washington D.C., United States and was established in 2011. IDA is a world leader and champion for vital and livable urban centers. Through its network of diverse practitioners, its rich body of knowledge, and its unique capacity to nurture community-building partnerships, IDA provides tools, intelligence and strategies for creating healthy and dynamic centers that anchor the well-being of towns, cities and regions of the world. 


Michael Bond

Thomas Michael Bond OBE (13 January 1926 – 27 June 2017) was an English author. He was best known for his Paddington Bear series of books. Bond was awarded a OBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours 2015.

Bond died on 27 June 2017 at his London home from a short-illness at the age of 91.


Caldwell Esselstyn

Caldwell Blakeman Esselstyn Jr. (born December 12, 1933) is an American physician, author and former Olympic rowing champion.

Esselstyn is the author of "Prevent and Reverse Heart Disease" (2007). It argues for a low-fat, whole foods, plant-based diet that avoids all animal products, as well as reducing or avoiding soybeans, nuts, avocados and oils. The diet has been used by former U.S. President Bill Clinton.


T. Colin Campbell

Thomas Colin Campbell (born March 14, 1934) is an American biochemist. He works in the effect of nutrition on long-term health. He is the Jacob Gould Schurman Professor Emeritus of Nutritional Biochemistry at Cornell University.

Campbell has become known for his advocacy of a low-fat, whole foods, plant-based diet. He is the author of over 300 research papers and three books, "The China Study" (2005, co-authored with his son, Thomas M. Campbell II), which became one of America's best-selling books about nutrition), "Whole" (2013) and "The Low-Carb Fraud" (2014). Campbell featured in the 2011 American documentary "Forks Over Knives".



Jeff Merkley

Jeffrey Alan "Jeff" Merkley (born October 24, 1956) is an American politician. He is the junior United States Senator from Oregon. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Merkley was a five-term member of the Oregon House of Representatives representing House District 47, located in eastern Multnomah County within the Portland city limits. He also served as Speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives.

He defeated two-term Republican incumbent Gordon Smith in the 2008 U.S. Senate election and easily defeated Monica Wehby in the 2014 U.S. Senate election.

Merkely was the first member of the Senate to endorse Bernie Sanders in his bid for the Democratic nomination for President.


Thinle Lhondup

Thinle Lhondup (), also known as Thinley or Thinlen, (1943/1944 – April 24, 2016) was a popular Nepalese actor. He was best known for his role in the Academy Award-nominated movie "Himalaya" (1999). Thinle appears in some music videos in Nepal as well. 

Thinle died on April 24, 2016 in Kathmandu, Nepal from stomach cancer, aged 72.

Perry O. Hooper, Sr.

Perry Oliver Hooper, Sr. (April 8, 1925 – April 24, 2016), was an American jurist. He served as the twenty-seventh Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court from 1995 to 2001. He was the first Republican since Reconstruction to have been elected to his state's highest court.

Hooper died at his home in Montgomery, Alabama on April 24, 2016, aged 91.

Benjamin Manglona

Benjamin Taisacan Manglona (March 31, 1938 – April 24, 2016) was a Northern Mariana Islands politician and civil engineer. He was the island's longest serving elected official having served as a congressman, senator, and former mayor of Rota (the third largest island in the island's chain).

Manglona served as the third Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands of the Northern Mariana Islands from 1990 to 1994 and as Mayor of Rota from 1998 to 2006.

Manglona died on April 24, 2016 in Rota, Northern Mariana Islands from a stroke, aged 78.

Air Niugini

Air Niugini is the flag carrier airline of Papua New Guinea. Port Moresby Airport is their main hub. Air Niugini was founded in 1973. The airline started flight to Australia in 1975. The airline got its first widebody airplane in 1984. The 1990s were tough times for Air Niugini. To survive, the government helped the airline by cutting jobs and lowering wages at the airline. In 2003, Air Niugini made its first profit in many years. The airline flies to 35 cities and has 33 airplanes as of 2016.

Vera Vasilyeva

Vera Vasilyeva Kuzminichna (30 September 1925 – 9 August 2023) was a Soviet-born Russian movie and stage actress. She was honored with People's Artist of the USSR in 1986. She was twice awarded the Stalin Prize in 1948 and in 1951. She was known for her roles in "Bride with a Dowry" (1954), "Pokhozhdeniya zubnogo vracha" (1965) and "Bezumnyy den ili zhenitba Figaro" (1974). Her career began in 1943.

Vasilyeva was born in Moscow. She was married to actor Vladimir Ushakov until his death in 2011. They had no children. Vasilyeva died on 9 August 2023 in Moscow at the age of 97.

Miguel Picazo

Miguel Picazo (27 March 1927 – 23 April 2016) was a Spanish movie director, screenwriter and actor. He is best known for directing his first movie "La Tía Tula" "(Aunt Tula)" (1964). He was also an actor. He was in "The Spirit of the Beehive" (1973) and "Tesis" (1996). He retired in 1997.

Picazo died in Madrid, Spain on 23 April 2016, aged 89.

Tommy Kono

Tamio "Tommy" Kono (June 27, 1930 – April 24, 2016) was an American weightlifter in the 1950s and 1960s.
Kono was the only Olympic weightlifter in history to have set world records in four different weight classes: lightweight (149 pounds or 67.5 kilograms), middleweight (165 lb or 75 kg), light-heavyweight (182 lb or 82.5 kg), and middle-heavyweight (198 lb or 90 kg).

In 1993 Kono was elected to the International Weightlifting Federation Hall of Fame. Kono was also an inductee to the Association of Oldetime Barbell and Strongmen (A.O.B.S.) Hall of Fame.

Kono died on April 24, 2016 in Honolulu, Hawaii from complications of liver disease, aged 85.


Family Portrait

Family Portrait or Družinski portret is a painting by artist France Kralj (1895—1960). Kralj painted the picture in 1926. The size of the painting is 45 in. by 51 in. (115.5 cm by 130.3 cm). The material is oil on canvas. The painting is in the Museum of Modern Art in Ljubljana.

The title of the painting in Slovenian language is "Družinski portret". The painting shows Kralj, his wife, and his child. They are leaving his studio after work. The painting is an example of the New Objectivity style of art in Slovenia.

There are two special things about the painting. First, the painting shows the artist's personal life. Kralj did not usually use his personal life as a subject for paintings. In this painting, there is no emotional or sentimental part element. This is usual in paintings of the New Objectivity style. They showed concrete people and objects without their qualities or symbolism.

Second, the painting shows a sculpture in the part of the picture that is nearest to and in front of the viewer. The sculpture is a finished work. It is a sculpture of his wife and child.

Kralj went to Vienna in 1913 to study sculpture. In 1915 he stopped his studies because of the war. In 1919 he returned from the war and went to study in Prague for two years. From 1920-1923, Kralj was in the center of the Slovenian expressionism movement. Expressionism explores philosophical themes. Kralj left the expressionism movement and was soon in the center of the Slovenian "new reality" movement. The "new reality" style uses designs of everyday life.


France Kralj

France Kralj (September 26, 1895 — February 2, 1960) was an artist. He was important in Slovenian expressionism and in the later new reality style. In the 1950s, he started making monotype prints.

France Kralj was born in Zagorica in Dobrepolje, Slovenia. His mother was Margareti (born Sever) and his father was Janezu Kralj. His brother Tone was born in 1900 and another brother Ignacij (Igo) in 1906.

SloveniaKralj went to elementary school in Dobrepolje from 1901 to 1907. He went to an art and craft school in Ljubljana, in 1907. Then he studied wood and stone sculpture in Ljubljana until 1912. From 1912 to 1913 he was an assistant in the workshop of Aloysius Podlogarja in Celovcu. 

In 1913 Kralj studied sculpture in Vienna, Austria. In 1915 he stopped his studies because of the start of World War I. In 1919 he studied in Prague, Czech Republic for two years. For many years he was a professor at the Ljubljana Secondary Technical School. In 1933 his autobiography "Moja pot" (My way) was published. In 1937 he won a prize at the world exhibition in Paris for his sculpture "Zrebe" (Foal).

From 1920-1923, Kralj was in the center of Slovenian expressionism. Then he left the philosophical themes for designs of everyday life in the style of the "new reality".

The Božidar Jakac Gallery opened a permanent collection of Kralj's work in 1983. It has paintings, drawings, prints, and sculptures. The collection has some works in the expressionist style, the new realities style, and many abstract monotypes of farmers, animals, and landscapes. Kraj's painting "Družinski portret" or "Family Portrait" is an example of the New Objectivity art style in Slovenia.


Canola

Canola refers to both an edible oil (canola oil) and a type of rapeseed.

The plant is a cultivar of "Brassica napus", "Brassica rapa" or "Brassica juncea". They are well known for their seeds, from which the canola cooking oil is made. The oil is widely used for preparing food, It has very little saturated fat and a lot of polyunsaturated fats.

Besides cooking, there are also other ways to use canola oil. One of these is to produce biodiesel fuel for cars and trucks.

Solomon Airlines

Solomon Airlines is the flag carrier airline of the Solomon Islands. It started in 1962.

2016 California Democratic primary

The 2016 California Democratic primary was held on June 7 in the U.S. state of California. The primary was nonpartisan, meaning the candidates were not divided based on their political party. Hillary Clinton won the primary with 53.07% of the popular vote.

Other primaries/caucuses occurred on the same day. Those states included Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico, North and South Dakota.

In 2015, Hillary Clinton dominated the polls. It slowly become a close call between Clinton and Bernie Sanders. The most recent poll before the primary, which was conducted by Fox News from April 18-21, 2016, said that Clinton had 48% of the vote compared to 46% for Sanders. The sample size was 623 people with a 4% margin of error.

Yellow is a victory for Clinton, while green is a victory for Sanders.

Paul Frees

Solomon Hersh Frees (June 22, 1920 – November 2, 1986), better known as Paul Frees, was an American actor, voice actor, impressionist, comedian and vaudevillian. He was best known for his work with MGM, Walter Lantz, and Walt Disney theatrical cartoons in the 1950s through the 1980s and for providing the voice of Boris Badenov in "The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show". He became known as "The Man of a Thousand Voices." He is also known for being the original voice of Ludwig Von Drake from 1961 until his death in 1986.

Yemanzhelinsk

Yemanzhelinsk (Russian: Еманжели́нск) is a town and administrative centre in the Yemanzhelinsky District in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia. It is located near the Kazakhstan border, and is on the eastern slopes of the Southern Ural Mountains. Yemanzhelinsk was founded in 1770 by the Cossacks. The population was 30,216 at the 2010 census.

Yemanzhelinsk was founded in 1770 as a Cossack village and was named Yemanzhelinskaya () since 1866. It became a coal mining settlement in the early 1930s, and was granted town status on September 25, 1951. The chelyabinsk meteor landed close to Yemanzhelinsk.


Chelyabinsk Oblast

Chelyabinsk Oblast (Russian: Челя́бинская о́бласть, "Chelyabinskaya oblast") is a province (an oblast) in Russia. It is around the Ural Mountains, on the border between Europe and Asia. Its administrative center is the city of Chelyabinsk. As of 2023, the population is 3,603,339. Chelyabinsk oblast is located in the European part of Russia.

Its elevation is 200–250 meters above sea level.

Most of the oblast falls under the Humid continental climate, meaning the area has warm/mild summers with cold winters.

The 2010 census showed these are the ethnic groups in the oblast:

The death rate was higher than the birth rate in 2010, but has since slowly reversed.

A 2012 survey showed these are the major religions in the oblast:

Ray Fisher (actor)

Ray Fisher (born September 8, 1987) is an American movie, television and stage actor. He is best known for his roles in the comedy "The Good, the Bad and the Confused". Ray played Muhammad Ali in Will Power's Fetch Clay Make Man in 2013. 

He is mainly known for playing Victor Stone / Cyborg in the DC Extended Universe such as in "" and in the upcoming "Justice League". Sometime in 2020, Fisher will be in a Cyborg movie.


Martin Gray (Holocaust survivor)

Martin Gray (born Mieczysław Grajewski; 27 April 1922 – 25 April 2016) was a Polish Holocaust survivor. He was born in Warsaw. He emigrated to the West, and has published books in French about his experiences during World War II in which his family was killed in Poland. Gray's first book, "For Those I Loved" ("Au nom de tous les miens"), became a bestseller.

He moved to Belgium in 2001. On 25 April 2016, he was found dead in his swimming pool at his home in Ciney, Belgium. He died of a suspected heart attack. He was aged 93.


Harris Wofford

Harris Llewellyn Wofford, Jr. (April 9, 1926 – January 21, 2019) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party who represented Pennsylvania in the United States Senate from 1991 to 1995. 

Wofford was also the fifth president of Bryn Mawr College from 1970 to 1978, served as Chairman of the Pennsylvania Democratic Party in 1986, as Pennsylvania Secretary of Labor and Industry in the cabinet of Governor Robert P. Casey from 1987 to 1991 and was a surrogate for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign. 

He introduced Obama in Philadelphia at the National Constitution Center before Obama's speech on race in America, "A More Perfect Union".

In 1948, Wofford married Clare Lindgren and they later had three children. She died in 1996. In 2016, Wofford announced that he would marry Matthew Charlton, his companion of many years.

Wofford died on January 21, 2019 at a hospital in Washington, D.C. from complications of a fall at the age of 92.


Jory Prum

Jory Prum (January 31, 1975 – April 22, 2016), also known as Jory K. Prum, was an American audio engineer. He was best known for his work in movie and video games. He was the owner of a recording studio located in the San Francisco Bay Area. He worked many games but most famously "The Walking Dead", "The Wolf Among Us", and "Brütal Legend".

Prum was killed in a motorcycle accident on April 22, 2016 in San Francisco, California, aged 41.


Manuel de la Torre (golfer)

Manuel de la Torre (6 October 1921 – 24 April 2016) was a Spanish-born American golf teacher. He was thought as being one of golf's top teachers. His career includes playing on tour, head golf professional at Milwaukee Country Club one of America's most famous golf clubs, and a career of teaching both tour professional and amateur golfers. He was born in Madrid, Spain.

Among the tour professionals he has taught are Masters champion Tommy Aaron, U.S. Women's Open champion Carol Mann, du Maurier Classic champion Martha Nause and Women's British Open champion Sherri Steinhauer. He was the first member of the PGA to be awarded their Teacher of the Year Award in 1986. He was one of only several golf instructors to be inducted into both the World Golf Teachers Hall of Fame as well as the PGA Hall of Fame.

De la Torre won many golf tournaments, including the Wisconsin State Open five times and the Wisconsin PGA Professional Championship five times. He was elected to the Wisconsin Golf Hall of Fame in 1975. In 1999 he was inducted into the Northwestern University Athletic Hall of Fame.

De la Torre died on 24 April 2016 at his home in Milwaukee, Wisconsin from complications of a stroke, aged 94.


Fallout 4

Fallout 4 is an action role-playing video game which was created by Bethesda Game Studios and released by Bethesda Softworks. It is the fifth video game in the "Fallout" series and was released around the world on November 10, 2015 for Microsoft Windows as well as the consoles PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.

The game is set in the year 2287, in the city of Boston. It is played after a fictional nuclear war destroys the world in 2077. 

"Fallout 4" was officially announced in June 2015. It was generally given good ratings by critics. The Microsoft Windows version of the game sold 1.2 million copies. 



Samaritans (charity)

The Samaritans is a charity in the United Kingdom and Ireland. They are a support group for those at risk of suicide. 

"The Samaritans," was founded on November 5, 1953 by Chad Varah, a vicar. He started as a man "willing to listen". His approach was considered controversial at the time. "Everyone thought suicidal people were mad," he said. "But they just needed to be listened to." Today there are over 21,000 volunteers in 201 locations. Varah retired from the Samaritans in 1986.

A large amount of Samaritans' work is a telephone hotline, which is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. They also offer a drop-in service for face-to-face discussion. Samaritans also offer confidential Email support. The Samaritans volunteers are trained in counselling skills, so they do not judge people.

Samaritans have a strict code of confidentiality, even after the death of a caller. Unless the caller gives consent to pass on information, it will be broken only in rare circumstances.

Through its email service, Samaritans' work has extended well beyond the UK and Ireland, and Australia as messages are received from all around the world.

Amanullah Khan (JKLF)

Amanullah Khan (24 August 1934 – 26 April 2016) was a Pakistani activist and writer. He was born in Astore. He was the founding leader of the Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front. It was a pro-independence militant activist group in the former state of Jammu and Kashmir. 

He was the co-founder of the Kashmir Independent Committee in 1963. He was elected Secretary General of JK Plebiscite Front (PF) in 1965. He Co-founded the JK National Liberation Front (NLF) with Maqbool Bhat.

Khan died on 26 April 2016 at a hospital from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Rawalpindi, Pakistan, aged 82.


The Lego Batman Movie

The Lego Batman Movie (seen as The LEGO Batman Movie) is a 2017 American 3D computer-animated superhero comedy movie. It is directed by Chris McKay and produced by Dan Lin, Roy Lee, Phil Lord and Chris Miller. The movie is written by Seth Grahame-Smith.

It is a spin-off of the 2014 movie "The Lego Movie". It is based on the DC Comics character Batman. It will star Will Arnett as Batman, Ralph Fiennes as Alfred, Michael Cera as Robin, Rosario Dawson as Batgirl, Zach Galifianakis as The Joker, and Mariah Carey as the Mayor of Gotham City.

The movie was released in the United States on February 10, 2017 through Warner Bros. Pictures.


On review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes the movie has an approval rating of 97% based on 35 reviews, with an average rating of 7.7/10. On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating to on reviews, the movie has a score of 75 out of 100, based on 15 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

Klaus Siebert

Klaus Siebert (29 April 1955 – 24 April 2016) was a German biathlete and biathlon coach. Hed raced for East Germany. 

Siebert won a silver medal at the 1980 Olympics in Lake Placid, New York on the relay with the East German relay team. In the Biathlon World Championships, Siebert has two gold medals with the East German relay team in 1978 and 1979, and a bronze medal from 1977. He also has three individual medals gold medal from the 20 km in 1978 and two bronzes from the 10 km in 1975 and 1978.

Siebert died on 24 April 2016 from lymphoma in Altenberg, Germany, aged 60.

Lucy Kibaki

Lucy Muthoni Kibaki (1940 – 26 April 2016) was a Kenyan socialite and philanthropist. She was the wife of former Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki. They were married in 1962. She was the First Lady of Kenya from 2002 to 2013. Kibaki was known for supporting disadvantaged and disabled people. She chaired the Organization of the 40 African First Ladies Against HIV/Aids.

Kibaki died on April 26, 2016, at Bupa Cromwell Hospital in London from a heart attack after suffering from a long-illness, aged 75.

Bronchospasm

Bronchospasm or a bronchial spasm is a sudden tightening of the muscles in the walls of the bronchioles. It is caused by the release (degranulation) of substances from mast cells or basophils because of anaphylatoxins. It causes difficulty in breathing which can be very mild to severe. Bronchospasms can be caused by asthma, chronic bronchitis and anaphylaxis. 

Bronchospasms are a serious potential complication of placing a breathing tube during general anesthesia. Some of the things that can cause bronchospasms are: consuming foods, taking medicines, allergic responses to insects, and hormone levels, particularly in women.

Mei Baojiu

Mei Baojiu () (29 March, 1934 – 25 April, 2016) was a Chinese contemporary Peking opera artist. He was also a performer of the Dan role type in Peking Opera and Kunqu opera. He was the leader of Mei Lanfang Peking Opera troupe in Beijing Peking Opera Theatre. Mei’s regular performances of opera include "Farewell My Concubine", "Guifei Intoxicated" (貴妃醉酒), "Lady General Mu Takes Command" (穆桂英挂帅), "The story of Yang Guifei" (太真外传), "Luo Shen" (洛神), and "Xi Shi" (西施).

On 31 March 2016, Mei was hospitalized in Beijing because of bronchospasm. He died on 25 April 2016, at the age of 82.

Malick Sidibé

Malick Sidibé (born 1935 or 1936 – April 14, 2016) was a Malian photographer. He was known for his black-and-white studies of popular culture in the 1960s in Bamako. During his life, Sidibé gained an international fame and was considered, along with Seydou Keïta, Mali's most famous photographer. His work has been the subject of a number of publications and been exhibited throughout Europe, and in the United States. 

Sidibé died on April 14, 2016 of complications from diabetes in Bamako, aged 80.

Éverton Ribeiro

Éverton Augusto de Barros Ribeiro (born 10 April 1989), known as Éverton Ribeiro, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Emirati club Al-Ahli, and the Brazil national football team.

Formed at Corinthians, after a loan at São Caetano he was sold to Coritiba in 2011, winning the Campeonato Paranaense in both of his seasons. He also won Série A twice at Cruzeiro, being voted the best player of each season, and joined Al-Ahli for €15 million in 2014.

A full international since 2014, Ribeiro repesented Brazil at the 2015 Copa América.

Muriqui

The muriquis, or woolly spider monkeys, are the genus Brachyteles. There are two species, the southern ("B. arachnoides") and northern muriqui ("B. hypoxanthus") muriquis. The name "muriqui" comes from a native Tupi word meaning 'largest monkey'.

They are the two largest New World monkeys. The northern muriqui is one of the most endangered monkeys in the world. They are seen only in some forests in Brazil.

The adult muriqui is 15-23 inches (38–58 cm) long and weighs from 10-20 pounds (4.5-9 kilos) They are colored from brown to black and the bottom of their tails have no fur near the end.

Muriquis live in groups from four to 43. They do not fight about their territory. They mostly eat leaves. They sometimes eat fruit and flowers in the rainy season, as well as bark, bamboo, ferns, nectar, pollen, and seeds.


Pacific giant salamander

A Pacific giant salamander ("Dicamptodon") is a member of the family and genus of large salamanders.

The salamanders may grow up to long, and are found in the Pacific Northwest of North America. Apart from their large size, they are like the mole salamander family (Ambystomatidae).

Most salamanders are silent but the Pacific giant salamander can make noise. The adults can live on land or in water.

The genus has four species: Cope's giant salamander ("D. copei"), the Idaho giant salamander ("D. aterrimus"), the coastal giant salamander ("D. tenebrosus"), and the California giant salamander ("D. ensatus").


Azure kingfisher

The azure kingfisher ("Alcedo azurea") is a small kingfisher (), in the river kingfisher family, Alcedinidae. It lives in parts of Australia and Tasmania, as well as New Guinea and some nearby islands. Even out to North Maluku and Romang.

It is named for the azure color on its back. Its feet are red with only two front toes. White spots between the eyes and beak may help it scare predators.
The azure kingfisher lives at the side of bodies of water such as creeks, lakes, swamps, tidal estuaries and mangroves. It can dive quickly from a perch above water. It feeds on freshwater crayfish and small fish. It builds its nest in a chamber up to 1 meter long in a creek bank. 5–7 white, round eggs. Its call is a high-pitched, 'pseet-pseet'.


<br>

Austin Dillon

Austin Reed Dillon (born April 27, 1990) is a professional NASCAR driver. He currently drives the No. 3 Chevrolet Camaro for Richard Childress Racing in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. In addition, he also drives the No. 10 Camaro for Kaulig Racing in the NASCAR Xfinity Series.

Kasey Kahne

Kasey Kahne (born April 10, 1980) is a retired American professional NASCAR driver. After retiring from NASCAR, Kahne has stayed active as a race team owner and part time driver in the World of Outlaws series with his team Kasey Kahne Racing.

From 2011 until 2017, Kahne drove the #5 Farmers Insurance Chevrolet SS for Hendrick Motorsports. In 2018, Kahne left Hendrick Motorsports and signed up to drive for Leavine Family Racing. During the 2018 season Kahne started to become ill during races. Due to the long length of the races, he started to suffer from dehydration. Kahne's doctors told him he should not continue to race, so he decided to retire from racing in NASCAR.

2016 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A

The 2016 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A was the 60th season of the Série A, the top-level of professional football in Brazil. Corinthians come in as the defending champions having won the title in the 2015 season.

This are the Results of the first round of 2016 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.




Rubén Mendoza Ayala

Rubén Mendoza Ayala (2 February 1961 – 16 April 2016) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the Party of the Democratic Revolution. He served as Deputy of the LVII and LIX Legislatures of the Mexican Congress. He served from 2014 until his death in 2016. He represented the State of Mexico.

Ayala was born in Tlalnepantla de Baz, Mexico. He studied at National Autonomous University of Mexico. Ayala died of cardiac arrest on 16 April 2016 in Ciudad del Carmen, aged 55.

Petr Nečas

Petr Nečas (born 19 November 1964) is a Czech former politician. He served as 9th Prime Minister of Czech Republic and leader of the Civic Democratic Party from 2010 to 2013. He was former Ministry of Defence (21 December 2012 – 19 March 2013) and Minister of Labour and Social Affairs (4 September 2006 – 8 May 2009).

Jan Fischer (politician)

Jan Fischer (born January 2, 1951) is a Czech politician. He was Prime Minister of the Czech Republic from May 2009 to June 2010. He was also President of the European Council from May 8, 2009 to June 30, 2009.

Later he was Minister of Finance from July 2013 to January 2014. In 2013 Fischer ran in the presidential election. In the first round of the election, held in January 2013, he placed third with 16.35% of the vote (841,437 votes).

Cyril Leonoff

Cyril Edel Leonoff (February 22, 1925 – April 17, 2016) was a Canadian civil engineer, historian and author. He was the founding president of the Jewish Historical Society of British Columbia. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba. 

Leonoff died on April 17, 2016 in Vancouver, British Columbia from natural causes, aged 91.



Avril Henry

Avril K. Henry (5 April 1935 – 20 April 2016) was an English activist. She wanted the legalization of assisted suicide by euthanasia. She was a retired professor of English medieval culture at the University of Exeter.

Henry committed suicide by euthanasia at her home in Brampford Speke, Devon on 20 April 2016, aged 81. She illegally bought a euthanasia kit online before her death.


Arauco War

The Arauco War was a conflict between colonial Spaniards and Mapuche people of Araucanía region, of modern Chile. This conflict began at Reynogüelén in 1536, near the confluence of the Ñuble and Itata rivers. It was between an expedition of Diego de Almagro and a large, well organized group of Mapuche soldiers. Since 1609, each governor of Chile held "Parlamentos" with Mapuche chiefs. At these, they discussed maintenance of a treaty between both parties. Violations of the treaty were frequent. In 1881, these finally ended, with a process known as the Pacification of Araucanía.


Vincent Darius

Vincent Matthew Darius, OP (6 September 1955 – 26 April 2016) was Grenadian Roman Catholic official. He was the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint George's in Grenada from 2002 until his death in 2016. He was born in the village of Crochu. He was ordained on 28 June 1987.

Darius died from cancer in Bellevue, New York on 26 April 2016, aged 60.


Harry Wu

Harry Wu (February 8, 1937 – April 26, 2016; ) was a Chinese-born American human rights activist. Wu spent 19 years in Chinese labor camps. He was born in Shanghai. He was a resident and citizen of the United States. In 1992, he founded the Laogai Research Foundation. 

Among Wu's supporters was the AFL-CIO. In 1990, Senators Alan Cranston (D-Calif.), and Jesse Helms (R-N.C.) invited Wu to testify before the Senate on the laogai. In November 2008, Wu opened the Laogai Museum in Washington, D.C.. He called it the first ever United States museum to talk about human rights in China.

Wu died from a heart attack while on a trip in Tegucigalpa, Honduras on April 26, 2016, aged 79.


Carlos Altamirano

Carlos Altamirano Orrego (December 18, 1922 – May 19, 2019) was a Chilean lawyer. He was one of the most influential politicians of Chilean socialism. He was the general secretary of the Chilean Socialist Party (PS). He served from 1971 through 1979. He was deputy from 1961 to 1965 and senator from 1965 to 1973. He was born in Santiago, Chile.

He escaped after Pinochet's coup d'état on September 11, 1973. He lived as a refugee in Cuba. As a young man he was an athlete, winning medals in the high jump event at the 1946 and 1947 South American Championships in Athletics. He returned to Chile after the end of Pinochet's dictatorship in 1993.

Altamirano died on May 19, 2019 in Santiago de Chile at the age of 96.


Sergio Onofre Jarpa

Sergio Onofre Jarpa Reyes (8 March 1921 – 19 April 2020) was a Chilean politician. He was born in Rengo.

Jarpa served as a member of the cabinet during the government of Augusto Pinochet. He served as Minister of the Interior from 1983 through 1985. Before becoming minister, Jarpa was a Member of the Senate from May 1973 through September 1973 and again from 1990 through 1994.

Jarpa died on 19 April 2020 at a nursing home in Las Condes, Chile of COVID-19, aged 99.

Regulation 261/2004

Regulation 261/2004 is a regulation by the European Commission providing common rules on compensation and assistance to passengers in the event of denied boarding, flight cancellations, or long delays of flights.

Chub

Chub is a common fish name. It is used for a number of ray-finned fish in several families and genera. In Europe, the term "chub" usually refers to the European chub ("Squalius cephalus").

Chase Elliott

William Clyde "Chase" Elliott II (born November 28, 1995) is a professional NASCAR driver. In 2016, he replaced Jeff Gordon as the driver of the #24 car for Hendrick Motorsports. He is the son of NASCAR hall of famer Bill Elliott. He won the 2014 NASCAR XFINITY Series Championship.

Tropical Storm Erika

Tropical Storm Erika in August 2015 was a very damaging and deadly tropical cyclone. The storm struck the Leeward Islands on August 27. More than USD$500 million in damage was caused by the storm.

More than 30 people died when the storm passed through the Caribbean.

Resulting from Erika's impact over the northeast Caribbean, the name "Erika" was retired in April 2016. The name was replaced with "Elsa" for 2021. Erika became the second storm name that was retired. Allison was the first one.

Virisila Buadromo

Virisila Buadromo (born 1972) is a human rights activist from Fiji. In 2008, she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

In 2001, she became the Executive Director of the Fiji Women’s Rights Movement. This organization helps women by changing laws and policies. 

After the Fiji government changed in December 2006, Buadromo had difficulty with the new government. Buadromo made the program larger by starting the Emerging Leaders Forum, a program for young women. the Emerging Leaders Forum is a one-year program. It works with Fiji’s family law.

Buadromo is also chairperson of the Fiji NGO Coalition on Human Rights.


Toms (cartoonist)

V. T. Thomas (6 June 1929 – 27 April 2016) also known as Toms, was an Indian cartoonist. He was born in from Kuttanad, India. He was as the creator of the cartoon characters "Boban and Molly". He joined "Malayala Manaorama", a popular daily in Kerala, in 1961.

Toms died in Kerala, India on April 27, 2016, aged 86.


Igor Fesunenko

Igor Fesunenko (January 28, 1933 – April 28, 2016) was a Soviet and Russian journalist and writer. He was a professor at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations. He was born in Orenburg.

From 1975 to 1979, he worked in Portugal. He then worked as a political columnist and host of such programs as "Today in the World", "The Camera Looks Into the World", "International Panorama", "Vremya". In the early 1990s, he worked in Italy. He returned to Moscow in the late 1990s. 

Fesunenko died in Moscow, Russia on April 28, 2016, aged 83.


Mustafizur Rahman

Mustafizur Rahman () is a Bangladeshi international cricketer. He is a Left-arm fast-mediumand a left-handed batsman.He was born in Satkhira, Khulna in Bangladesh.


Jenny Diski

Jenny Diski FRSL (née Simmonds; 8 July 1947 – 28 April 2016) was an English writer. She was known for her works "Nothing Natural" and "Rainforest".

Diski was born in London. She lived with author Doris Lessing for four years after being abused by her parents. Diski studied at University College London. She worked as a teacher during the 1970s and early 1980s. 

Diski was a regular contributor to the "London Review of Books"; the collections "Don't" and "A View from the Bed". She won the 2003 Thomas Cook Travel Book Award for "Stranger on a Train: Daydreaming and Smoking around America With Interruptions".

In June 2014, Diski was told that she had at three years to live. In September 2014, she revealed that she had been diagnosed with lung cancer. She died on 28 April 2016 in London from the disease, aged 68.

Barry Howard

Barry Howard (9 July 1937 – 28 April 2016) was an English actor. He was best known for his role as Barry Stuart-Hargreaves in the first seven series of the long-running BBC sitcom "Hi-de-Hi!". He left the show and was replaced by Julian Dalrymple-Sykes, played by Ben Aris. He was born in Nottingham. He was also known for his roles in "Terry and June", "You Rang, M'Lord?", "The House of Windsor" and "Dad".

Howard died in Poole, Dorset from blood cancer on 28 April 2016, aged 78.


Gordon Peters

Gordon Peter Wilkinson, known professionally as Gordon Peters (29 November 1926 – 16 June 2022) was a British television actor who had a long career. 

He starred in a BBC TV comedy series in 1973 called "The Gordon Peters Show". He was known for his roles in "Hi-de-Hi!", "Dad's Army", "Are You Being Served?", "Grace & Favour", "One Foot in the Grave" as Ronnie, "Never the Twain", "Little Britain", "Keeping Up Appearances" and "HBO's Tales from the Crypt". 

Peters died on 16 June 2022, aged 95.


Ernst Stavro Blofeld

Ernst Stavro Blofeld is a fictional character and a supervillain from the James Bond series. He was created by Ian Fleming. His mission is world domination. He was born in Poland. He is known for having a scar on his eye, for wearing his grey suit and for having a pet cat. Blofeld is head of the global criminal organization SPECTRE and is commonly referred to as Number 1. 

Blofeld appears or is heard in three novels: "Thunderball"; "On Her Majesty's Secret Service"; and "You Only Live Twice". He was famously played by Donald Pleasence in "You Only Live Twice" (1967) and by Christoph Waltz in "Spectre" (2015) and "No Time to Die" (2021).

Some of Blofeld's characteristics have become popular as a supervillain in fiction and media. It includes the parodies Dr. Claw (and his pet, M.A.D. Cat) from the "Inspector Gadget" animated series (1983–86), and Dr. Evil (and his cat Mr. Bigglesworth) from the "Austin Powers" movie series (1997–2002).

René Hausman

René Hausman (21 February 1936 – 28 April 2016) was a Belgian comic book writer and artist. He was best known for his dark fairy-tales and drawings. He was born in Verviers, Belgium. His best known work is "Laïyna". In 1995, he was made an honorary citizen of the city of Durbuy. He created more than 500 drawings for the magazine. His drawings are about animals and local folklore. It earned him the nickname "Bard of the Ardennes".

Hausman died on 28 April 2016 in Antwerp, Belgium from heart failure, aged 80.


Chen Zhongshi

Chen Zhongshi (; 3 August 1942 – 29 April 2016) was a Chinese author. He started writing in 1965. His best known work is "White Deer Plain" which was published in 1993. He won the Mao Dun Literature Prize in 1997. 

In 1966, Chen joined the Chinese Communist Party. He was interested in writing and soon began to work on a writing career. In 1979, he became a member of the Chinese Writers Association.

Chen died in Xi'an, Shaanxi from oral cancer on 29 April 2016, aged 73.


Renato Corona

Renato Tirso Antonio Coronado Corona (October 15, 1948 – April 29, 2016) was a Filipino jurist. He was the 23rd Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. He served as chief from 2010 until his resignation in 2012.

Corona was born on October 15, 1948 in the Santa Ana area of Manila. He studied at Ateneo de Manila University, at Harvard University and at the University of Santo Tomas.

He served as an Associate Justice after being appointed by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo on April 9, 2002. He was appointed as Chief Justice on May 12, 2010 after the retirement of Chief Justice Reynato Puno.

Corona was a law professor and member of the Cabinet under two Presidents, Fidel V. Ramos and Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, before being appointed to the court.

On December 12, 2011, he was impeached by the House of Representatives. On May 29, 2012, he was found guilty by the Senate of violating some laws of the Constitution of the Philippines. He resigned as a result.

Corona died on April 29, 2016 at The Medical City in Pasig due to complications of a heart attack, aged 67. He suffered from kidney disease.


Punggol LRT Line

The Punggol LRT Line is the third line of the LRT system in Singapore. Its first phase comprises a 10.3 km line with 15 stations.

The Punggol LRT Line serves the residents in the town and urban planning area of Punggol.

Punggol LRT station, the centerpiece of the line, is located directly above the Punggol MRT station, thus linking up the Punggol LRT Line to the MRT (Mass Rapid Transit) system that spans the entire island of Singapore.

Plans for the Punggol LRT Line were drawn up and announced in January 1999 with the development of Punggol New Town.

Construction began in June 2000 by a consortium comprising SembCorp Industries, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and Mitsubishi Corporation, at a cost of S$354 million. Construction of the first phase was completed in June 2004, and underwent testing by the Land Transport Authority. The system was handed over to SBS Transit on 1 December 2004, who conducted more trial runs and staff training before the opening of the East Loop on 29 January 2005. The West Loop opened on 29 June 2014.


There are 15 Stations on this line, in the future we will have North Loop (PN) in the future. The 'PE' means Punggol LRT East Loop.

Punggol (PTC/NE17), Interchange with North East Line

Cove (PE1)

Meridian (PE2)

Coral Edge (PE3)

Riviera (PE4)

Kadaloor (PE5)

Oasis (PE6)

Damai (PE7)

Sam Kee (PW1)

Teck Lee (PW2), Station Not in Service

Punggol Point (PW3)

Samudera (PW4)

Nibong (PW5)

Sumang (PW6)

Soo Teck (PW7)

On 31 October 2012, LTA announced that by 2016, Sengkang and Punggol LRT systems will be upgraded to a two-car system for the 41 existing train cars, allowing double the number of passengers to board at any one time. Each train car can take up to 105 passengers. 16 more train-cars will also be procured. This will bring the total fleet size to 57 train-cars. Hence, there is also the need to modify the signalling and communication system.

Trains operating on the line are Mitsubishi Crystal Movers (C810) manufactured by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. These trains operate from the Sengkang Depot which serves maintenance and train overhaul facilities for trains along the Sengkang and Punggol LRT lines.

Doomsday (comics)

Doomsday is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a Superman villain. Doomsday was first shown in 1992. He made his first full appearance in "" that same year.

The character was created by writer-artist Dan Jurgens, who wanted to create a villain who could be a physical challenge for Superman. IGN's list of the Top 100 Comic Book Villains of All Time ranked Doomsday as #46. He is best known as the character who "killed" Superman.

The character appears in the 2016 movie "", voiced and performed by Robin Atkin Downes through motion-capture.

Bras Basah MRT station

Bras Basah MRT Station (CC2) is an MRT Station in Singapore. It is along the Circle MRT Line. 

The station is located near Singapore Art Museum and a few minutes' walk to National Museum of Singapore.

Pasir Ris MRT station

Pasir Ris MRT station (EW1/CR5) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the East West line in Pasir Ris, Singapore. The station serves as a terminus for the East West MRT Line. It was the first station to be fitted with platform screen doors.

This station opened on 16 December 1989, and it was one of the last to open along the East West MRT line. On 1 November 2009, platform screen doors were installed along with Jurong East as part of a trial programme.

The Pasir Ris rail accident was a train accident that occurred on 22 March 2016, at the track switch on the East West MRT Line. A C151 train ran into two SMRT Trains trainee track workers at around 60 km/h, which resulted in their deaths. The two deceased workers were working on a track signalling issue at that time as part of a team of 15 track personnel. This incident was "the worst train accident" in Singapore MRT's history.

SMRT Trains and one SMRT management staff were charged for violating the Workplace Safety and Health Act that led to this accident, and were fined $400,000 and $55,000 respectively. The SMRT engineer who led the track team at the scene of the accident was dismissed from SMRT Trains and charged with negligence causing death under the Penal Code.


Punggol MRT/LRT station

Punggol MRT/LRT Station (NE17/PTC) is an MRT and LRT Station in Singapore. It is an interchange station between North East MRT Line and Punggol LRT Line. These are connected with MRT/LRT stations around the Punggol area. 

The station opened on 20 June 2003. It is the terminus station along the North East MRT Line. Waterway Point is located nearby.

Thymus (disambiguation)

The term thymus has two common meanings:


Sengkang MRT/LRT station

Sengkang MRT/LRT Station is a railway station in Sengkang, north-east Singapore. It is an interchange station between the North East MRT Line and Sengkang LRT Line. The station is integrated with Compass One.


Summer school

Summer school (or summer university) is a school or a program usually sponsored by a school or a school district. It provides lessons and activities during the summer vacation.

In the United States, high school, college or university students can enroll in summer school for credit. Generally, this credit is in one of two categories: remediation or advancement. For remediation, the summer school is used to make up credits lost through absence or failure. For advancement, the summer school is used to obtain credit for classes to accelerate progress toward a degree or to lessen the load of courses during the regular school year. Many universities offer short-term summer courses to attract both local and international students, and these programs are often surrounded by social activities.

In the United Kingdom, Lite Regal summer school which is based in Cambridge provides teaching for 13 to 18 year olds for courses on medical preparation, law preparation etc. Currently last summer and this summer they have students from 50 + nationalities staying and learning courses in Cambridge University.

Superb fairy-wren

The superb fairy-wren ("Malurus cyaneus"), also known as the blue wren, is a passerine bird of the family Maluridae. It is common and familiar across southeastern Australia. 

Each pair has a territory, also shows obvious sexual dimorphism. The male in breeding plumage has a striking bright blue forehead, ear coverts, mantle, and tail, with a black mask and black or dark blue throat. However, non-breeding males, females and juveniles are mostly grey-brown in colour. 

Like other fairy-wrens, it has several peculiar behavioural characteristics. The birds are socially monogamous but sexually promiscuous. They form pairs between one male and one female, but each partner will mate with other individuals and even assist in raising the young from such pairings. Male wrens pluck yellow petals and display them to females as part of a courtship display.

The superb fairy-wren can be found in almost any area that has at least a little dense undergrowth for shelter, including grasslands with scattered shrubs, moderately thick forest, woodland, heaths, and domestic gardens. It has adapted well to the urban environment and is common in suburban Sydney, Canberra and Melbourne. The superb fairy-wren eats mostly insects and supplements its diet with seeds.

Fernvale LRT Station

Fernvale LRT Station is an LRT station in Singapore. It is a station along Sengkang LRT Line. It is on the West Loop. Fernvale is the only station along the Sengkang LRT Line which uses side platforms. 


Previous: Thanggam (SW4)<br>Next: Layar (SW6)

Damai LRT Station

Damai LRT Station is an LRT station in Singapore. It is along the Punggol LRT Line East Loop.


Previous: Oasis (PE6)<br>Next: Punggol (PTC/NE17)

Merve Kavakçı

Merve Safa Kavakçı (born 19 August 1968, Ankara) is Turkish politician, who was elected as a Virtue Party deputy for Istanbul on April 18, 1999.
Kavakci is the Director of Postcolonial Studies Research Center (PAMER) at Uskudar University. She is also an Associate Professor of Political Science and International Relations. Kavakçı is a Hafiz-al Qur'an. She received her master's degree from Harvard University and her PhD from Howard University. Kavakçı is currently a professor at George Washington University and Howard University in Washington D.C.
Kavakçı is a consultant for U.S. Congress on the Muslim world and a columnist for Turkish conservative daily "Yeni Akit" newspaper.

She is the author of Headscarf Politics in Turkey: A Postcolonial Reading, and five other books some of which are translated to Arabic and Persian. She is the editor author of International Relations in the Global Village: Changing Interdependencies.
Her most recent book is The Unnamed Coup at Scarfless Democarcy (Basortusuz Demokrasi’de Adi Konmamis Darbe). A book on her political life The Day Turkey Stood Still: Merve Kavakci's Walk in to the Turkish Parliament authored by American author Richard Peres was recently released. 
Kavakçı is recognized among the World's Most Influential 500 Muslims. She was recognized among "Women of Excellence" by NAACP and GWU in 2004. She was awarded the Public Service Award in Tribute and in Recognition of efforts for the advancement of human rights and Muslim Women's empowerment by International Association for Women and Children in 2000. She was awarded Service to Humanity Award by Haus Der Kulturellen Aktivität und Toleranz in Vienna, Austria in 1999. She was granted Mother of the Year Award by Capital Platform of Ankara and National Youth Organization in 1999.
She is married and has two children.


Mediacorp Channel 8

Mediacorp Channel 8 is a television channel in Singapore. It is owned by Mediacorp. 

The Chinese language channel was launched in 1963. It broadcasts news, dramas and variety shows. It operates 24 hours a day, every day. It used to be SBC 8. The channel shows programs from Singapore, Taiwan and China.

Promiscuity

Promiscuity is the practice of having casual sex frequently with different partners. In cultures where sexual activity happens only in exclusive committed relationships, promiscuity is criticized as a bad activity. A common example of behavior viewed as promiscuous is a one-night stand.

What sexual behavior is considered promiscuous varies between cultures, as does the frequency of promiscuity. A study published in 2005 found that promiscuous men and women are judged equally harshly. A recent poll showed that both genders tend to express strong preference for sexually conservative partners. However, later studies show evidence for a double standard.

Promiscuity is common in many animal species. Some species have promiscuous mating systems, ranging from polyandry and polygyny to mating systems with no stable relationships. Many species form stable pair bonds, but still mate with other individuals outside the pair.

List of Singapore LRT stations

Below is a list of all Light Rail Transit (LRT) systems in Singapore. 

The LRT systems are intra-town loops, shuttle services, or both. The routes may not run in sequence of the stations' alpha-numeric codes.


Irena Sendler

Irena Stanisława Sendler (15 February 1910 – 12 May 2008) was a nurse and social worker in Warsaw, Poland. During World War II, when Poland was occupied by Nazis, she took about 2,500 Jewish children out of Poland with help from other members of the Żegota () (The Polish Council to Aid Jews). She was caught, and the Nazis tortured her.

The Nazis were planning on killing her, but she avoided death. 

Carles Puigdemont

Carles Puigdemont i Casamajó (born 29 December 1962) was the 130th President of Catalonia. In 2017, he fled the country. His party, Democratic Convergence of Catalonia ("Convergència Democràtica de Catalunya", CDC) won the elections in 2016.

His status as President is a matter of dispute following Catalonia's declaration of independence from Spain on 27 October 2017. From the perspective of the Government of Catalonia, he remains Catalan President. From the perspective of the Government of Spain, he was removed from office by Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy on 28 October 2017. Puigdemont did not recognize his removal from office, stating that he will "work to build a free country".

On 30 October 2017, Puigdemont fled to Belgium in a move to avoid action from the Spanish judiciary. A month later, he was re-elected to the Parliament.

On 2 November, Spanish courts issued an European Arrest Warrant against Puigdemont and four other cabinet members to Belgian authorities. Two days later, they turned themselves in to the Belgian police. Hours later, he was released.

On 25 March 2018, while returning to Brussels from a trip to Finland, Puigdemont was stopped near the Danish border with Germany and arrested pursuant to the European warrant that had been reissued against him two days previously. On 5 April 2018, the Oberlandesgericht in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein ruled that Puigdemont would not be extradited on the charges of rebellion, and released him on bail.

Hurricane Odile

Hurricane Odile was a hurricane (tropical cyclone) that happened in mid-September 2014. It made landfall in the Mexican state of Baja California Sur. On September 15, 2014, Odile damaged several luxury resorts in Cabo San Lucas. Parts of several hotels collapsed and about 135 people were injured. Fifteen people were killed in the storm. At the time of the damage it had wind speeds of 140 miles per hour. Damage from Odile was 16.6 billion Mexican pesos ($1.22 billion in 2014 US dollars).

The name "Odile" was later retired. It was replaced with "Odalys" for the 2020 Pacific hurricane season.

House of Fortune

House of Fortune () is a Singaporean drama television series. It is produced and shown on Mediacorp Channel 8. It began its run from 19 January 2016. There are 20 episodes. It stars Zhu Houren, Thomas Ong, Kym Ng, Tong Bing Yu, Yao Wenlong, Xiang Yun, Shane Pow, Ya Hui, Bonnie Loo and Sora Ma as the main characters. The series revolves around a creative director and his wife, who are beset by financial trouble and move in with an elderly relative, with their eye on his bungalow. With the same goal in mind, his sister and her failed songwriter husband move in too and vie for control of the house.


Peace &amp; Prosperity

Peace & Prosperity (Chinese: 富贵平安) is a Singaporean drama television series. It is produced and shown on Mediacorp Channel 8. It began its run from 4 April 2016. There are 170 episodes. It stars Xiang Yun, Desmond Tan, Julie Tan, Zhang Wei, Belinda Lee, Tong Bing Yu, Dawn Yeoh, Tracy Lee, Michelle Wong, Terence Cao, Ben Yeo, Jeffrey Xu, Romeo Tan, Shane Pow, Marcus Chin, Lin Meijiao, Yao Wenlong, Ling Xiao, Jayley Woo, Zhu Houren, Priscelia Chan and Seraph Sun as the main characters. The story revolves around the lives of the Huang family who have been running a TCM (traditional Chinese medicine) clinic for three generations. The family-run business is searching for its next successor, as the young generation of Huangs are not interested in TCM and have yet to prove themselves capable of running the business.


Katoor dynasty

The Katoor dynasty or the House of Katoor was a dynasty of rulers who ruled the sovereign Kingdom and later the Princely state of Chitral in Central Asia (Now Pakistan). It was founded by Mohtaram Shah I, the grandson of Baba Ayub. The dynasty ruled the Kingdom of Chitral for over 400 years from 1560 to 1969 CE. The royal family traces their descent to the Central Asian Timurid ruler Tamerlane and holds the title 'Mehtar'.

The Katoor dynasty succeeded the Raees dynasty (1320–1590) and the Sumaleki Pagan Princes' rule (1005-1300s) in Chitral. In 1590, Baba Ayub, the patriarch of Katoor's grandson Muhtaram Shah (1590–1630), later known as Katoor I, ascended the seat of power in Chitral after ousting the Raees family and its supporters.

The name Katoor has ancient origins and existed even before the Katoor ancestors settled in Chitral in 1520. One theory suggests that Katoor was a noble title among the Kushans. In the old Bashgali dialect of Kohistani, Katoor also means dragon. According to the royal history of the Katoor dynasty, their ancestor Mirza Ayub Baba, arriving in Chitral in 1520, was the grandson of Sultan Hussain Bayqara, a descendant of the Timurid ruler Tamerlane. The title of Katoor was bestowed upon Mohtaram Shah I, the dynasty's first ruler, by a local holy man who believed in his bravery and integrity, reminiscent of the rulers before the Katoors.

According to the Kalash folklore, the Katoors are the descendants of an ancient tribe of Chitral who had powerful Shamans on excellent terms with the local mountain spirits. In Chitral, the title for King is 'Mehter', meaning elder in the Khowar language.

The Chitral Kingdom, established by Shah Katoor I, covered a vast area from Wakhan and Nuristan in the west to Yasin and Nagar in the east. Initially, Shah Katoor's domains included lower Chitral, Kunar Valley, Lot-Kuh, Torkhow, and Mulkhow regions of upper Chitral. Under Shah Katoor II, Mastuj and the Yasin Valley also came under Katoor control. The Kati and Kom tribes of Kafiristan, as well as tribes from Dir Kohistan, Swat Kohistan, and Kalam, paid a yearly tribute to the Mehtar. Shah Katoor III invaded Wakhan in response to a raid on Chitral from Wakhan, compelling the ruler of Wakhan to pay tribute. In 1876, Mehtar Aman ul-Mulk conquered Ghizer and Puniyal and besieged the Dogra Garrison in the Gilgit fort. During this period, the tribes of Darel, Tangir, Kandia, and the state of Nagar also paid tribute to the Mehtar. The Katoor dynasty's influence peaked under Mehtar Aman ul-Mulk, who expanded the territories to include Ghizer, Yasin, and Ishkoman in 1880.

Pakistan became independent from British rule on August 14, 1947. At that time, His Highness Muzaffar ul-Mulk was the Mehtar of Chitral, ruling from 1943 to 1949. In 1947, he made the significant decision for Chitral to join Pakistan. Additionally, he sent his army to Gilgit in August 1947 to assist in securing that territory for Pakistan. Chitral was officially designated as a region of Pakistan in 1969.

The Katoor dynasty, led by Mehtar Aman ul-Mulk, reached its peak influence during his reign. Aman ul-Mulk, the younger son of Shah Afzal, took over in 1857 after his brother. In 1877, after a brief conflict with Kashmir, where he besieged the Gilgit garrison and briefly held the Punial valley, he agreed to a treaty with the Maharaja of Kashmir.

Aman ul-Mulk was a powerful ruler, and no significant challenges to his authority arose during his reign. He united all of Chitral and expanded its territories to its greatest extent During the course of his rule Aman ul-Mulk met encountered many British officers some of whom have noted him in the following words:

Aman-ul- Mulk succeeded in 1857 and ruled over a unified Chitral. Robertson later briefly described Aman-ul-Mulk and his rise to power:

Following is what George Curzon, 1st Marquess Curzon of Kedleston said about Chitral:
Following is the list of Kings and Heads of the House of Katoor.

Golden Temple

The Golden Temple, or Golden Gurdwara is the holiest shrine of Sikhs. It was built during Mughal rule in late 16th century by Shri Guru Arjan Dev and a copy of the holy Sikh scripture "Adi Guru Granth Sahib" was placed inside the Gurdwara in 1604. Its sanctum walls were covered in marble and the dome was decorated with gold foil by Maharaja Ranjit Singh in the 19th century. More than 100,000 people visit this monument every month

Sri Harmandir Sahib (formerly known as Sri Hari Mandir Sahib) is the official and original name of the Golden Temple. It is in the city of Amritsar, Punjab, India. The Gurudwara is surrounded by a sacred pool called "sarover"and group of buildings important to the Sikh religion. The complex is the most important pilgrimage site in Sikhism and it is also called Sri Darbar Sahib. One of these buildings in the complex is the Sri Akal Takht, the highest religious authority for Khalsa Sikhs. Another building is the langar, where a free simple vegetarian meal is served to all without any discrimination. The Gurudwara is a place of worship for men and women from all walks of life and all religions to come and worship God. The four entrances (representing the four directions) to get into the Harmandir Sahib also symbolise the openness of the Sikhs towards all people and religions.

The present-day gurdwara was rebuilt in 1764 by Jassa Singh Ahluwalia with the help of other Sikh Misls. In the early nineteenth century, Maharaja Ranjit Singh founded the Sikh Empire and covered the upper floors of the gurdwara with gold, which gives it its distinctive appearance and its English name. It contains the Sri Guru Granth Sahib ji, the Sikh scripture. On 4th July 1955, Indian Army entered the complex wearing shoes and caused destruction in the complex. Also, in June 1984 the Golden Temple complex was blown apart by tanks, snipers, grenades and rocket launchers by

Dover MRT station

Dover MRT Station (EW22) is an MRT Station in Singapore. It is part of the East West MRT Line. The station was opened on 18 October 2001. It is the first MRT station to be built over an existing MRT line and hence it had 2 Side platforms instead of the normal Island platform.

The station is near Singapore Polytechnic.

The station code was W7A. In July 2001 it was changed to EW22.

Joo Koon MRT station

Joo Koon MRT Station (EW29) is a MRT Station in Singapore. It is along the East West MRT Line. It was the terminus station until the Tuas West extension is completed. The station code was originally W14 before the opening.

However every alternate trains will still terminate here despite the opening of the TWE. The other half of the westbound train will then proceed to Tuas after Joo Koon.

This station was announced in 2004. Construction began on May 2006 and was completed in 28 February 2009. 

The Joo Koon rail accident occurred on 15 November 2017, when two trains met into accident causing 36 injuries. The stationary train was in the process of being detrained due to a train fault. This incident is the second train collision in Singapore MRT's history, after the Clementi rail accident in 1993. Both trains were operating under the recently installed Thales SelTrac CBTC signalling system at time of incident, and the Minister of Transport Khaw Boon Wan expressed that he was "disturbed" by an initial finding that a "critical safety software" was inadvertently removed from the stationary train, possibly due to a malfunctioning signalling circuit, had led to the accident.

Super Elastic Bubble Plastic

Super Elastic Bubble Plastic was the brand name for a children's toy. It was made from the 1970s through the 80s by Wham-O. The bubbles contained polyvinyl acetate dissolved in acetone. They also had ethyl acetate added. The acetone evaporated when the bubbles were inflated through a drinking straw. This left behind a solid plastic film. They were also highly flammable. The product was dangerous to children if spilled. It also gave off noxious fumes. The fumes could become concentrated inside the straw, making it dangerous to inhale through the straw while inflating a bubble. The toy was not recommended for children under 5. Because of these problems, Super Elastic Bubble Plastic was eventually discontinued.

Expo MRT station

Expo MRT Station (CG1/DT35) is an MRT Station in Singapore. It is an interchange station along the East West MRT Line and Downtown MRT Line. It is located near the Singapore Expo.

The station was opened 10 January 2001 for the East West Line and on 21 October 2017 for the Downtown line. It was originally named Somapah. This station was the last station to use the old MRT station coding, E13 before it eventually phased out on 31 July 2001.

The station has been connected from the East West Line to the Downtown Line through the former public underpass from 2001 to 2011. Exit A is an unpaid linkway from the East West Line to the Downtown Line.

The station is designed with a titanium structure and a cantilevered roof with a modern, space-age look.

Papanasam, Tirunelveli

Papanasam is a town in Tirunelveli district. This town is where the Thamirabarani River rises. In one of Papanasam's temples, a ritual is held to wash away sins. People throw the clothes they wear into the Thamirabarani River. The movie acted by Kamalahaasan was shot in and named Papanasam.

Chandragupta Maurya

Chandragupta Maurya was the founder of the Maurya Empire in South Asia. He was born in a humble family, was picked up, taught and counselled by Chanakya (also known as Kautilya) – a Hindu Brahmin who wrote the Arthashastra. Together, Chandragupta and Chanakya built one of the largest empires in the subcontinent. 
Chandragupta Maurya defeated Seleucus I Nicator, one of the successful satrapies of Alexander the Great and married Seleucus I Nicator daughter Helena . He was the ruler until 297 BC. He became a Jain monk and died at Shravanabelagola of Karnataka in the same year. 

Ramanathapuram district

Ramanathapuram district is one of the 37 districts in Tamil Nadu. Indian President A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was born there. It is located in south east direction of tamilnadu.It is coastal area with more palmyra trees. It is famous for its fishing and Production of palm sap, palm sugar,palm jaggery etc.It is one of the biggest districts in tamilnadu by area space.Most of the people doing agriculture as their main occupation.

Main cities 

Paramakudi, Kamuthi, Sayalkudi,Ramanathapuram, Uchipuli, Mandapam, Rameswaram area the main cities of Ramanathapuram district.

Pilgrim centres

● Sri Ramanathaswamy temple, Rameswaram

● Sri kothandaramar temple, Dhanushkodi road, Rameswaram

● Sri bhadrakali amman temple, Rameswaram

● Sri Nambunayaki amman temple, Rameswaram

●Sri Mangalanathar temple, Thiru uthirakosamangai

●Sri Aadhi jaganathaperumal temple, Thirupullani

● Sri Sethu bandhana Aanjaneyar temple, Sethukarai

● Erwadi dargha, Erwadi

● Sri Veiluganatha Vinayar temple, Uppoor

●Sri Muthalamman Temple, Paramakudi

Tourist places

Agni theertham,Rameswaram, Arichalmunai,Dhanushkodi, Pamban bridge, Kundhukal, Villoondi theertham, Kushi beach, Thalaithoppu beach,Ramar patham etc.

Railway stations in Ramanathapuram district 


Teesta River

The Teesta River (or Tista) is a river in the Indian state of Sikkim. It is long.

The Teesta river starts at Pahunri glacier, and flows south through rapids in the Sikkim Himalaya. The river goes by the town of Rangpo. It changes course southwards flowing into West Bengal, before joining the Brahmaputra River.

LACSA

LACSA was/is the flag carrier of Costa Rica. Pan Am founded the airline on October 17, 1945. The first flight was on June 1, 1946. In 1992, TACA Airlines bought 86% of LACSA. Most of LACSA's planes were repainted in the "TACA Airlines" paint-job. The "original LACSA" stopped flying in 2014. However, the "new LACSA" is now a subsidiary of Avianca.

Rangpo

Rangpo is a town in East Sikkim in the Indian state of Sikkim. The town borders West Bengal. It is on the Teesta river. All vehicles entering Sikkim have to stop here.

Rangpo is now the center for almost all the pharmaceutical companies. The town is one of the fastest growing towns in the state.

Tampines MRT station

Tampines MRT station (EW2/DT32) is a Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the Downtown line and East West line in Tampines, Singapore. The station is close to Tampines Bus Interchange and the new Tampines Concourse Bus Interchange. It is also one of the few interchange stations where the MRT lines are not connected.

In Tampines, the other two stations are Tampines West and Tampines East.

At Tampines MRT Station (DTL), the passenger service centre (control station) is only available at the exit to Tampines Bus Interchange. While preparing for the closure of the station at overnight, passengers are not allowed to use Tampines Concourse faregates, and the shutters at the Tampines Concourse will be closed first, following by shuttering the bus interchange entrance.

The station was opened on 16 December 1989. The Downtown Line Stage 3 station started construction in September 2011 and completed on 21 October 2017.

On August 8, 2003, a train travelling towards Boon Lay lost traction current at 10.13 pm and could not move along the track between Pasir Ris and Tampines. An empty train was used to push the train towards Tampines and service resumed at 10.35 pm. The same issue occured 21 minutes later and it was only fixed shortly before the end of the train service.

On 7 May 2007, a man in his 50s hit his head against a train that was entering the station and got his foot was stuck in the platform gap. Train services towards Boon Lay were disrupted for about 8 minutes.

On 21 January 2008, a maintenance works train which was carrying out repairs between Tampines and Simei broke down. It caused a service disruption from the start of service until 12.45pm and affected 57,000 passengers. 

There are several exits in Tampines MRT Station. However, some will not be linked together when Downtown Line opens in 2017. Station name with respective exits signs have been put up for Tampines station for the Downtown Line in August 2017 therefore there are 7 exits for the entire station with letters ranging from A to G.

East West Line:


Downtown Line:


The East West Line provides connection from Tampines to Simei and Pasir Ris as feeder services besides a major throughfare to Tuas Link, Joo Koon, city, Expo and Changi Airport. The Downtown Line provides connection from Tampines to Tampines West and Tampines East stations as feeder services besides a major thoroughfare to the city and Bukit Panjang.

Tampines station is connected to Tampines Bus Interchange and there are a lot of bus services that provides connection to other parts of Singapore.

Formerly the code was: E11


Karaikal district

Karaikal district is one of the 4 districts of the Puducherry union territory. It is the 2nd biggest district of the union territory after the Puducherry district. The capital is Karaikal port city. The district is made of communes Kottucherry, Nedungadu, Thirunallar, Neravy and Thirumalairajanpattinam.

The Karaikal district formed an integral part of the Pallava kingdom in the 8th century. Thirunallar Saniswaran Temple and Karaikal Ammaiyar Temple can be found in the district.

The rivers Arasalar, Veerasolan River, Kodamurutti River, Kaveri River's other tributaries reach the sea here. The Karaikal Port is one of the biggest in South India. The Karaikal Airport is being constructed. It will be the first airport built entirely with private capital.

Palm-leaf manuscript

In Southeast Asia, Palm leaves were used as a material to write on. Their use is known in the 5th century BC, but may have started earlier. To prepare them for writing, palm leaves are cooked, dried, and polished. Due to the nature of palm leaves, the manuscripts use "landscape format". These leaves are between and wide, but only to high. 

Old manuscripts are prone to putrefaction, and they are commonly consumed by silverfish.

Putrefaction

Putrefaction is a natural process of decay. Microorganisms break down organic materials. Usually it occurs after the death of a plant or an animal. The process consists of many steps. The total time it takes is dependent on various factors, such as the availability of oxygen.

Putrefaction involves fermentation. Putrefaction is important, because elements such as nitrogen, phosphorus and sulfur which are bound in the dead matter are converted into a form that is usable by plants.

Teck Whye LRT Station

Teck Whye LRT Station (BP4) is an LRT station in Singapore. It is along the Bukit Panjang LRT Line. It was opened on 6 November 1999. The station is near ITE College West.

Formerly the code was: A4 (1999 - 2001)

Previous: Keat Hong (BP3)<br>Next: Phoenix (BP5)

Oasis LRT Station

Oasis LRT Station (PE6) is an LRT station in Singapore. It is along the Punggol LRT Line. 


Previous: Kadaloor (PE5)<br>Next: Damai (PE7)

EDHEC Business School

EDHEC Business School is a European higher studies establishment. The school is in 5 places, in Paris, Lille and Nice, France, in the United Kingdom (London) and in Singapore. It was created in 1906.

EDHEC specializes in the fields of economics, finance and management.


Johann Ambrosius Bach

Johann Ambrosius Bach (22 February 1645 – ) was a German musician and the father of Johann Sebastian Bach.

Ambrosius was born in Erfurt, Germany. His father, Christoph Bach (1613–1661) was also a musician, as was his twin brother Johann Christoph Bach (1645–1693). Ambrosius was employed as a violinist in Erfurt.

In 1671, Ambrosius moved his family to Eisenach, where he was employed as a court trumpeter and director of the town musicians. He married his first wife Maria Elisabeth Lämmerhirt on 1 April 1668, and they had eight children. Four of these children became musicians, including Johann Sebastian. Marie died and was buried on 3 May 1694. On 27 November 1694 Ambrosius married Barbara Margaretha. This was her third marriage; both her former husbands, including Johann Günther Bach, had died. She had two young daughters. Ambrosius became very sick, and died in Eisenach less than three months later. Barbara was unable to look after all the children, so Johann Jacob Bach and Johann Sebastian Bach, moved in with the eldest son, Johann Christoph Bach.


Chinatown MRT station

Chinatown MRT Station (NE4/DT19) is an MRT Station in Singapore. It is an interchange station along the North East MRT Line and Downtown MRT Line. It was the first MRT station with both lines operated by SBS Transit.

On the North East Line, it lies between the Outram Park and Clarke Quay MRT stations and between Telok Ayer and Fort Canning MRT stations on the Downtown Line. It is directly below and serves the ethnic district of Chinatown. The construction of the station was considered an engineering achievement, due to the busy traffic on the roads above and a number of nearby historical buildings that had to be preserved during the construction. The section of track between Telok Ayer and this station is the shortest between any two stations on the MRT network; it takes around 35 to 40 seconds for a train to travel between the stations. The distance between Chinatown and the next station, Clarke Quay, is the shortest distance between two MRT stations in Singapore, a mere 360 metres. 

This station is said to be the most challenging station to build on the North-East line, due to the large number of buildings above ground, most with reinforced concrete or timber piles and all in marine clay. Another feat was that they had to preserve Garden Bridge, a large overhead bridge on bore piles, while building the station below. The tidal Eu Tong Sen Canal was also diverted into four two-meter diameter steel pipes slung under the temporary traffic decks (two on each side). Part of the New Bridge Road was often closed between 12 January 1998 and 20 October 2001 for the construction of Chinatown MRT Station. This station was named People's Park before it was renamed in 1999. It was originally H3 / C3 before opening.

Woodleigh MRT station

Woodleigh MRT Station (NE11) is an MRT Station in Singapore. It is along the North East MRT Line. The station is built on part of the former Bidadari Cemetery.

The station was built in 2003. It remained closed for 8 years, with the train passing through without stopping, until it opened in 2011 to facilitate for recent developments around the area


Formerly the code was: P5 (before opening)

Clarke Quay MRT station

Clarke Quay MRT Station (NE5) is an MRT Station in Singapore. It is along the North East MRT Line. 

The station was opened on 20 June 2003. The station has one of the lowest riderships along the North East Line, probably because it is on the wrong side of the Singapore River, and also partly due to the lack of developments surrounding the station and its proximity with Chinatown. It was formerly H4 / C4, before the opening.

The station is located on the opposite side of the Singapore River where Clarke Quay is actually situated. The distance between Clarke Quay and the previous station, Chinatown, is the shortest distance between two MRT stations in Singapore, a mere 360 metres. The reverse bungee ride, the Ministry of Sound nightclub and Club MoMo are located near to the station.

Peter Thomas

Peter Thomas (June 28, 1924 – April 30, 2016) was an American announcer and narrator of television programs, including "Nova", "Forensic Files" and "Medical Detectives".

Thomas was born in Pensacola, Florida, to Dr. John D. Thomas and Sibyl Addenbrooke. He had two younger brothers, John and David.

Thomas began his career at fourteen as an announcer on a local radio show. The station could not pay him due to his age, so they arranged for the sponsor, Piper Aircraft, to give him flying lessons in a Piper Cub.

After World War II started, Thomas left The Stony Brook School and volunteered for the United States Army in 1943. He served with the First Infantry Division in five major campaigns. This included the Battle of Normandy and the Battle of the Bulge. He was issued a Battle star for each of the five campaigns. He was also awarded the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart and the French Croix de guerre.

Thomas received many awards for his work. He said that one of his best was the Oscar won by a documentary he narrated, "One Survivor Remembers". That documentary, produced by HBO, talks about the personal experience of Gerda Weissman Klein, who was imprisoned at the Nordhausen Concentration Camp when she was a teenager. Thomas' unit helped free the prisoners at Nordhausen. Klein and Thomas met during the making of the documentary, and again at its premiere. Thomas also participated in an HBO movie on the Battle of Hürtgen Forest, in which he fought with the 1st Infantry Division (United States). Thomas was also the narrator for a show that ran on The Discovery Channel in 1993 that was called "How the West was Lost". Thomas was the narrator for the two-hour "Nova" episode entitled "D-Day's Sunken Secrets", broadcast May 28, 2014, just before the 70th anniversary of the D-Day landings; he participated in the original D-Day landing on Omaha Beach.

Thomas was married to Stella (Barrineau) Thomas until her 2014 death, and lived in Naples, Florida. He was involved in work with veterans, having served on the board of the National D-Day Memorial Foundation and in other similar roles.

He worked out of his home for recording studios all across the country. Also he continued narrating at recording studios in New York City, where he worked for most of his career. Prior to pursuing narration full-time, he was a New York anchor for CBS News.

Thomas died on April 30, 2016 of natural causes at the age of 91.


Simei MRT station

Simei MRT station (EW3) is a Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the East West line in Tampines, Singapore. This station mainly serves Simei, a residential estate which is part of the larger Tampines New Town.

Before the construction of the station, the station was known as Tampines South. The name was changed to Simei in 1985, before the station's opening in 1989.

As like other above-ground stations built during the initial construction of the East West line, the station did not have platform screen doors. Following successful trials at Jurong East, Yishun and Pasir Ris stations, half height platform screen doors were installed and started operation on 3 July 2011. High-volume low-speed fans were also installed at the platform in 2011.


Sean Burke

Sean Burke (born January 29, 1967) is a Canadian retired NHL goalie. He played 18 seasons in the NHL. He is a 3-time All-Star in the NHL. He announced his retirement on September 18, 2007.

He was born in Windsor, Ontario, and grew up in Toronto, Ontario.

Gerard Gallant

Gerard Gallant (born September 2, 1963) is a Canadian NHL coach. He used to be the coach for the ice hockey team Vegas Golden Knights. He was fired in 2020 after just two and a half seasons. He used to be an NHL player. He was born in Prince Edward Island. He received the NHL All Star Game Coach for the 2015-16 season (Florida Panthers - Atlantic Division). He has two children.

Basseri

The Basseri are a Persian nomadic and pastoral tribe of the Fars Province in Iran.Their migratory area is around Shiraz.The Basseri are a tribe of Khamseh confederation.

Basseries are Persian.They are the survivors of Pasargadean tribe, the biggest tribe of Persia in Achaemenid Empire period.They speak Persian with a different accent.They are Shia Muslims.


Tanganyika laughter epidemic

The Tanganyika laughter epidemic is when an outbreak of laughter occurred in Tanganyika (which is modern day Tanzania), in 1962. It spread throughout nearby villages, infecting mostly young girls.

Syrah

Shiraz or Syrah is a variety of grape that is used to produce red wine. Originally, these grapes grew in the Rhone valley, but they are now cultivated all over the world to produce red wine.

Deaths in May 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in May 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































Harry Kroto

Sir Harold Walter Kroto, FRS (born Harold Walter Krotoschiner, 7 October 1939 – 30 April 2016), known as Harry Kroto, was an English chemist.

Kroto shared the 1996 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Robert Curl and Richard Smalley for their discovery of fullerenes. He spent a large part of his career at the University of Sussex, where he was an emeritus professor. Kroto was an early supporter of Asteroid Day.

Kroto died on 30 April 2016 in Lewes, East Sussex from complications of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis at the age of 76.


Hello :D

Outram Park MRT station

Outram Park MRT Station (EW16/NE3/TE17) is an MRT Station in Singapore. It is an interchange station on the East West MRT Line and North East MRT Line. It also be an interchange for the Thomson-East Coast MRT Line, where it became one of three triple line interchanges in Singapore on 13 November 2022.


Previous: Tanjong Pagar (EW15)<br>Next: Tiong Bahru (EW17)

Previous: HarbourFront (NE1/CC29)<br>Next: Chinatown (NE4/DT19)

Previous: Havelock (TE16)<br>Next: Maxwell (TE18)


Alfa Romeo GTV (1995)

Alfa Romeo GTV (1995–2006) was a 2-door sportscar made in Italy by Alfa Romeo.

It was designed by Enrico Fumia (born 1948) of the Pininfarina design company.

GTV was a coupe with tiny rear seats. "GTV" means "Gran Turismo Veloce" (in Italian) and had a little space for luggage for longer trips. The cabriolet Spider had no back seat and almost no space for luggage. The engines were 1.8, 2, 3 and 3.2-liter. In 2003 the front looks were changed.

GTV was replaced in 2004 and 2005 by the Alfa Romeo GT and the Alfa Romeo Brera, and in 2006 the Brera "Spider".

Splendid astrapia

The splendid astrapia ("Astrapia splendidissima") is a bird-of-paradise about 39 cm long. The male is black with an iridescent yellow-green mantle (cloak). It has a blue-green throat, dark green below. The tail feathers are short, broad and white with black tips. The female has a brown plumage and dark head.

Little is known about this bird. It lives in the mountain forests of the west central highlands of New Guinea. Its diet is fruit, insects, lizards and frogs.

Kawasaki Heavy Industries &amp; Nippon Sharyo C751B

Kawasaki Heavy Industries & Nippon Sharyo C751B is the third generation rolling stock used on the Singapore MRT system. The trains operate on the East West Line and North South Line.

The trains began operation on 28 January 2000. They were built by Kawasaki Heavy Industries and Nippon Sharyo. 21 six-carriage trains were built in Japan.


Bedok MRT station

Bedok MRT Station (EW5) is an MRT Station in Singapore. It is along the East West MRT Line. 

Underpasses connect the station to both sides of the road. The station also links to Bedok Mall and the Bedok Bus Interchange.


Previous: Tanah Merah (EW4)<br>Next: Kembangan (EW6)

Formerly the code was: E8 (1989 - 2001)

Kembangan MRT station

Kembangan MRT Station (EW6) is an MRT Station in Singapore. It is along the East West MRT Line. The station is above-ground with platform screen doors.


Previous: Bedok (EW5)<br>Next: Eunos (EW7)

Formerly the Code was: E7 (1989 - 2001)

68th (Durham) Regiment of Foot (Light Infantry)

The 68th (Durham) Regiment of Foot (Light Infantry) was an infantry regiment in the British Army. It was created in 1758. It turned into the Durham Light Infantry in 1881.

They fought in the Seven Year's war, The Peninsular War, Crimean War, the New Zealand Wars. They served with distinction in the Peninsular Army under Arthur Wellesley. They were also present during the Indian Mutiny.

In August 1756, after the British lost Minorca in the Seven Years' War, 15 regiments (including the 23rd Regiment Of Foot) were ordered to form a second battalion. In 1758, the second battalion was separated from the 23rd and named the 68th Regiment Of Foot. It was commanded by Colonel John Lambton (1st Earl of Durham.)

In May 175, they were stationed at the Isle of Wight, after the British allies, the Prussians, asked them to come. They were to raid small areas of France and to put off pirates from raiding. They were also to distract the French Imperial Army to help the Prussians who were hard pressed at the time.

The 68th were sent to the French Coast on 7 August in the Bay of Urevillie. The troops left on 16 August. They were sent to Lunaire bay on the 3rd of September. They were defeated by a concentrated French force and were forced to retreat. It is believed the British lost up to 1500 men (killed or captured). Many of the injured died on the journey back to England due to infection on the ships.

When they landed in England, the 68th had to provide 173 men to the 61st Regiment Of Foot. They therefore had few men left and searched the countryside for new recruits. In March 1760, the 68th was forced to send 600 men to the West Indies. That left the 68th with only 58 men.

Very little happened until July 1763, when the regiment was shipped to Ireland.

On 2 June 1974, the regiment left Ireland with 250 privates. They and arrived at Antigua on 21 June. Eight years passed until six companies from the 68th were sent to fight rebellious Caribs in St. Vincent.

In March 1773. the regiment went back to Britain. In May 1774, they went to Scotland and Fort George. In December 1775, they returned to Ireland. The regiment spent seven and a half years in Ireland.

In 1779. one of its former officers, James Hackman, was hanged for the murder of Martha Ray.

The 68th left Ireland for Portsmouth in September with 793 men. News of the Peace of Paris caused some in the regiment to rebel.

After guarding prisoners of war, in October the regiment was sent to Jersey and Guernsey. It left and went to Britain in June 1784. It left for Gibraltar in early October 1785. The 68th's stay in Gibraltar was uneventful. The regiment was sent to the islands of Martinique, Saint Lucia and Grenada, where they fought runaway slaves. They returned to Britain in September.

In late November, the two battalions separately went to the West Indies. They arrived in 1801 between between late January and March, to be put on Martinique, Barbados, The Saints and Dominica. The Treaty of Amiens was signed in 1802. St Lucia and Martinique were returned to the French. War broke out again in May 1803. In June, the 68th was sent to retake St. Lucia. In February 1805, having lost 500 dead and 170 injured, the 68th returned to England. The regiment was moved to St. Vincent, and in April to Antigua.

The 68th regiment spent the winter in Ripon. By December 1807, they received recruits and other soldiers that helped to bring the numbers of soldiers to 436. They stayed in Yorkshire. While in Hull, they were told to become a light infantry regiment.

Walcheren was invaded by an army of nearly 40,000 men in 15 brigades. This was an attempt to destroy a French fleet and to turn Napoleon's attention from Austria to them. They landed on 30 July. On 1 August, with the 85th Regiment Of Foot, they pursued their opponents to the walls of Flushing, which fell after the siege on 15 August. The regiment left in December to go to Deal.

In February 1811, while three companies were in civilians houses, some officers and soldiers attacked some townspeople who were insulting them. This resulted in the court-martial, of the officers, and two Lieutenants becoming "prisoners of the civil power". In June 1811, the regiment was sent to Portugal.

The 68th landed in Lisbon on 27 June. By 17 July, it joined the 7th Division. For the rest of the year, the regiment marched around Northern Portugal and Spain. As the march progressed, so did the number of sick men. Up to 25 men died every month throughout 1812. Despite regular reinforcements arriving, the regiment never had more than 300 men fit for active duty. In January 1812, the regiment deployed with the 7th Division as a reserve whilst the army captured Cuidad Ridrigo. On 16 March, it was a reserve for the capture of Badajoz. However they were not needed and didn't get into any combat.

On 2 June, the regiment marched with the 7th Division into Spain. They held a position near Salamanca. The regiment was later reinforced with a company of Brunswick Oels. The regiment was then ordered to defend the village of Moresco. They barricaded all entrances to the village and fought off French attacks until nightfall.

Early on 22 July, the 68th and 2nd Cacadores fought with French Voltiguers. They later held the hill until they were relieved by the 95th Regiment in the afternoon. The 68th marched with the 7th Brigade in the battle. It was a defeat for the French. On 12 August, the 68th and 51st were the first regiments to march into Madrid. On 13 August, the 68th, 51st and Chasseurs Britanniques attacked fortified buildings holding up to 200 French troops who surrendered the next day. In September, Wellington's army besieged Burgos whilst the 68th were at Olmos covering the attackers.

The regiment went into winter quarters at Paços de Baixo and Paços de Cima in December. Due to its weakened state with only 235 men fit for duty and 247 sick, it was briefly threatened with being combined with another weak regiment into a Provisional Battalion. However, by April 1813 it had 429 men fit with only 97 sick. They began the march into Spain in early May.

Wellington arrived in the area of Vitoria on 20 June. The 7th division, with the 3rd formed the left centre column of the attack the next day. They moved south across the River Zadorra. After advancing east, they came under heavy cannon and musket fire:
They took shelter in a ditch 200 yards from the French guns. While the commander of the Column hesitated, Vandeleur's brigade arrived, they both advanced forward. That night they camped.

In July 1813, the British advanced to the Pyrenees. Most of the French army retreated back to France to be organized by Soult. Soult launched 2 assaults on Spain on 25 July. After marching between Pamplona and Mt Achiola the regiment, with the Inglis's brigade, attacked the French on a hill near Urroz. With the help of the Chasseurs Britanniques, they pushed the French from the hill. On 2 August, the 7th Division, with the 4th and part of the Light Division, attacked the weak centre of the remains of Soult's Corps. At the end of the month, Soult tried to take back San Sebastian. When they learned of the failure of the main attack, the French retired.

In October, Wellington crossed into France. On 10 November, he attacked the position Soult had been building defences in for 3 months. The 68th and the brigade took a number of forts at Sare and met some resistance from the French. Col. Inglis wrote 'The 68th made the attack with its usual vivacity...'. As the army went into winter quarters, the regiment had only 197 men. By the start of the next offensive in February 1814, they had 258 Soldiers. The 7th Division advanced across the Nive and took positions South of the Adour, to turn Soult's attention from Wellington's main effort to them. On 27 February, the division reached Orthez after crossing the river. They attacked Soult's right, behind the 4th Division. The 68th, 82nd and the Chasseurs Britanniques charged the 4th Division, and forced them out.

On 8 March, the 4th and 7th Divisions went north. They entered Bordeaux on 12 March. They stayed there for the rest of the month near the French troops. Napoleon abdicated on 12 April. The Regiment went back to Ireland arriving on the 26th.

While in Malta, in February 1854, the regiment was sent to war.

On 7 August, the Regiment, with fewer than 900 men, went to Bekios bay on Bosporus. They arrived there on 12 August. They were sent to Varna on 1 September. They were sent near Eupatoria in the Crimea on 14 September. Two companies from the 68th were sent to escort Lord Raglan. At the Battle of Alma, they were in reserve. They only briefly were under cannon fire. In late September, the regiment was sent to the south of Sevastopol. After that they moved south. On 25 October, the Russians tried to take the port of Balaklava used by the allies as the port of supply. They arrived late to the battle. When they arrived, the Russians were retiring.

On 5 November, the Russians attacked the allies with 42,000 men. The 68th had only 243 men. They started off being the only British regiment to wear red coats.

After seeing the Russians trying to outflank the Guards on Sandbag Battery, the 20th, part of the 46th and the 68th were sent against them. This made the Russians retreat to a valley below. The 68th followed the Russians too far, and were out of ammunition. On retiring along the valley, they found more Russians on a ridge above their right:
During this, Private John Byrne and Sergeant Daniel Dwyer returned to help the wounded. This led to John Byrne getting the Victoria Cross. The regiment reorganized, and got sent to 'The Barrier' for the rest of the battle.

The regiment stayed in the trenches for the siege of Sevastopol. The regiment had to fight the Russians from Sevastopol, on 12 January 1855.

By the end of February, the regiment had been rearmed with the new Enfield rifle. Another fight against approximately 2000 men took place on 11 May, with the help of the Rifle Brigade and the 46th Foot. A party of Russians succeeded in spiking a gun, but were driven back.

The regiment stayed in the trenches. They were in reserve for the assault on the Redan on the 18 June and for the final attack on 8 September. They stayed in Crimea while an agreement was being made. In May 1856, they left for Corfu.

In the Crimean War, there were 2 members of the 68th who were awarded with the Victoria Cross: Pte John Byrne and Captain Thomas de Courcy Hamilton. Nine more were applied for but not awarded. 15 D.C.M.s were given, seven awards of the French Legion of Honour, 13 of the Order of the Medjidie, six of the Sardinian Medal of Honour, and seven of the Médaille militaire. Nine officers and men of the 68th received their Crimea Medal from Queen Victoria on 18 May 1855.

The regiment remained in Corfu until September 1857. Then they were shipped back to England. On 5 November, they were given new colours by the Duke of Cambridge. In December, they went to India to help suppress the Indian Mutiny. They arrived on 30 March 1858. The regiment had been resting in Burma was going to be returned to England in August 1863. However, the governor of New Zealand requested reinforcements to deal with hostilities with the Maoris. The regiment was shipped to New Zealand. They were there from October to November 1863.

Three ships arrived in Auckland in mid-January 1864. Immediately detachments were sent to Tauranga, Rangarir and Maketu.

In April, the Maoris returned and began to occupy Pas in the area, including two on the peninsula of Tauranga Harbour. The 68th who were concentrated in Auckland were sent to Tauranga, with several other detachments. Two redoubts were built, one by the 68th and another by the 43rd Regiment of Foot. The commanding officer, Major-General Cameron, wanted to destroy the Maori Pas as quickly as possible. On the evening of April 28, around 720 men of the 68th crossed the river to the rear of the Maori line. At around 4 in the evening, over 300 men of the 43rd Regiment and the Naval brigade charged the Maoris and routed them by around 5 o'clock. The 68th had set up a protective cordon to capture many of the enemy, but they did not have enough men to stop the Maoris from retreating completely and they escaped.

For six weeks, the 68th remained in the area of Te Papa, to make sure pās was not set up. On 21 June, the patrol of about 600 men from the 68th, 43rd, a local Regiment and the 1st Waikato Militia, led by LT. Colonel Greer from the 68th, found a similar sized patrol in some rifle pits. Greer sent for reinforcement. They came two hours later, then assaulted the rifle pit. Sgt. Murrey was awarded the Victoria Cross.

The 68th stayed in Te Papa until February 1864. Then they were sent to Wanganui. Distrust was growing between the Army and the local militias over the colonists taking more land. They went to Auckland in February 1866. They left New Zealand in March. They reached Portsmouth between mid June and early July.

The 68th had 3 members who were awarded the Victoria Cross, the highest award available in the British Military.

The people who were awarded the VC were:




Simi

Simisola Bolatito Ogunleye (born ), also known as Simi, is a Nigerian singer and songwriter best known for her hit singles "Tiff" and "Jamb Question". She was signed to X3M Music since 2014

Simi was born in Surulere on 19 April 1988, Lagos State. She graduated from Covenant University where she majored in Mass Communication.

In 2006, Simi released her first project titled "Ogaju", a gospel music studio album that was entirely produced by Samklef.

In 2014, Simi released an EP tited "Restless", a 5-track cover of popular international songs which earned her a record deal with X3M Music in April 2014. 

Simi got married to a singer named Adekunle Gold on January 9, 2019 after dating for five years.

Durham Light Infantry

The Durham Light Infantry was a light Infantry regiment in the British Army from 1881-1968. It started in 1881 after the merger of the 68th and 106th.

It was formed in 1881 by a joining of the 68th (Durham) Regiment of Foot (Light Infantry) and the 106th Regiment Of Foot (Bombay Light Infantry) along with the Militia and Volunteers of Durham county. 

They served notably in the Second Boer War, World War 1, World War II, the Korean War, and the Indonesia-Malaysia confrontation.

In 1968 the regiment was merged with the Somerset and Cornwall Light Infantry, King's own Yorkshire Light Infantry and the King's Shropshire Light Infantry to form The Light Infantry. The Light Infantry joined with the Devonshire and Dorset Regiment, Royal Gloucestershire, Berkshire and Wiltshire Regiment and the Royal Green Jackets to form The Rifles.

The Durham Light Infantry had 8 of its members to be awarded with the Victoria Cross, the highest award available in the British military.

In November 1915 Pte. Thomas Kenny of the 13th Battalion was awarded with a VC

In October 1916 Lieutenant Colonel Roland Bradford of the 9th Battalion was awarded with a VC

In May 1917 Pte Michael Heaviside of the 15th Battalion was awarded with a VC

In July 1917 2nd Lieutenant Frederick Youens of 13th Battalion was awarded with a VC

In December 1917 Captain Arthur Moore Lascelles of the 14th Battalion was awarded with a VC

In March 1918 Pte Thomas Young of the 9th Battalion was awarded with a VC

In May 1940 2nd Lieutenant Richard Annand of the 2nd Battalion was awarded with a VC

in June 1942 Pte Adam Herbert Wakenshaw of the 9th Battalion was awarded with a VC


Josh Robert Thompson

Josh Robert Thompson is an American voice actor, comedian, puppeteer, and actor. He currently works on Family Guy. He is probably best known for voicing and being the puppeteer of Geoff Peterson on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson.

Thompson is known for his celebrity impressions, including Morgan Freeman, Robert De Niro, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Matthew McConaughey.

Thompson grew up in Cleveland, Ohio, "raised by classic television." He would watch as actors became different characters and began to mimic them. At age eight, his grandmother bought him a Fisher-Price tape recorder that he used to create radio-style "shows", voicing the host and the guests. The following year, he performed on stage in "Peter Pan" at the Cleveland Play House.

During his junior year at Padua Franciscan High School, Thompson delivered one line for the school's production of "Oklahoma!" and walked off to laughter and applause. "Then someone backstage said, 'They're clapping for you. They love you.' After that, I was hooked." Thompson and some of his classmates got a video camera and began making feature-length and short films, and television-style shows. He graduated from Padua in 1993.

Thompson moved to Los Angeles a few years later and performed on local television and as a stand-up comic while working toward his degree in TV, Radio and Film Production at California State University, Fullerton. He uses his middle name professionally because a "Josh Thompson" was already registered with the Screen Actors Guild.


Funicular

A funicular is a railway that uses trains that are pulled by cables wound around a pulley. This makes them able to climb very steep slopes, like those on hills and mountains.

Jean-Marie Girault

Jean-Marie Girault (9 February 1926 – 1 May 2016) was a French politician. He served as mayor of Caen from 1970 through 2001. He was a member of the Union for French Democracy. Girault was born in Pont-l'Évêque, France.

Girault died in Caen, France on 1 May 2016, aged 90.

Jonathan Cainer

Jonathan Cainer (18 December 1957 – 2 May 2016) was a British astrologer. He wrote astrological predictions six days a week for the "Daily Mail". He also forecasts for three Australian newspapers, the "Sydney Daily Telegraph", the "Melbourne Herald Sun" and the "Perth Sunday Times". 

Cainer's predictions were also published in "Hello", the "Auckland Sunday News", the "Botswana Echo" and "Misty Magazine" (Japan). It has been estimated that over twelve million people read his predictions.

Cainer died of a heart attack on 2 May 2016, aged 58.

John Kaye (politician)

John Kaye (23 October 1955 – 2 May 2016 ) was an Australian politician. He was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Council in 2007. He represented the Greens. He was known for his support of renewable energy and energy efficiency. He was a spokesperson for public schools and TAFE colleges.


Roger Millward

Roger Millward MBE (16 September 1947 – 2 May 2016) was an English rugby league footballer and coach. He was born in Castleford, West Riding of Yorkshire. Millward gained a high level of fame in the sport in England by playing for Hull Kingston Rovers and Castleford, as well as representing Great Britain. Millward was added into the Rugby League Hall of Fame.

Millward was awarded the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1983.

Millward died of jaw cancer in Kippax, West Yorkshire on 2 May 2016, aged 68.

Karel Pečko

Karel Pečko (September 29, 1920 – May 2, 2016) was a Slovenian artist. In 1957, he created an arts pavilion (art school). In 1963, he became the school's principal. From 1975 to 1991, he was in charge of a cultural institute in Slovenj Gradec. He also led the Slovenj Gradec Art Gallery () until 1997. In 1996, he was honored with the Honorary Medal of Freedom of the Republic of Slovenia.

Pečko died in Slovenj Gradec on May 2, 2016 at the age of 95.

Afeni Shakur

Afeni Shakur (born Alice Faye Williams; January 10, 1947 – May 2, 2016) was an American music businesswoman, philanthropist, political activist and Black Panther. She was the mother of the late rapper Tupac Shakur. Shakur was in Federal Court on July 20, 2007, to file an injunction to prevent Death Row Records from selling any unreleased material from Tupac.

Shakur died in Sausalito, California from a heart attack on May 2, 2016, aged 69.

Ian Deans

Ian Deans (August 16, 1937 – 3 May 2016) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Kilmarnock, Scotland but raised in Ontario, Canada. He was a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1967 to 1979. He was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1980 to 1986.

Deans died in Hamilton, Ontario on 3 May 2016 from Parkinson's disease, aged 78.

Wizkid

Ayodeji Ibrahim Balogun (born ), also known as Wizkid is a Nigerian Afrobeats singer, songwriter, rapper. He is the founder of Star Boy Entertainment, a record label he established in 2013.

Wizkid started singing in 2001. At the age of 11, he released a collaborative studio album with Glorious Five album titled "Lil Prinz" before he went solo to record his first song with OJB Jezreel.

In 2011, Wizkid released his critically acclaim debut studio album titled "Superstar" with hit singles like "Holla at Your Boy", "Don't Dull" and "Tease Me (Bad Guys)" on the tracklist. "Superstar" shot Wizkid to limelight, following it's nomination at The Headies 2012 and at the 2012 Nigeria Entertainment Awards which it won "Best Album of The Year".

On September 17, 2014, "Ayo" was released as Wizkid's sophomore album. The album contained hit tracks like "Ojuelegba", "Jaiye Jaiye" and "Show You The Money". "Ayo" won the "Best Album of The Year" and "Best R&B/Pop Album" categories at The Headies 2015 and was also nominated in the "Album of The Year" category at the 2015 Nigeria Entertainment Awards. Wizkid has been working on releasing an EP titled "Sounds From The Other Side".

In 2016, he worked with Drake on his hit single "One Dance", which reached number-one in 15 different countries. In 2020 Wizkid became the first Nigerian artist featured on Billboard’s Hot 100.

With Chris Brown's "Call Me Everyday," which debuted at number 74 on the chart, he has charted his fourth song on the Billboard Hot 100.



Helmut Rohde

Helmut Rohde (9 November 1925 – 16 April 2016) was a German, journalist, academic, and politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). He was born in Hanover. He served as Federal Minister of Education and Science from 1974 to 1978.

Rohde was also a member of the Bundestag and the European Parliament.

Rohde died in Bonn, aged 90.

Johan van Minnen

Johan Tjitze van Minnen (31 October 1932 – 18 April 2016) was a Dutch journalist and politician. He was a foreign correspondent in first Luxembourg and later West Germany. From 1975 and 1978, he was the ombudsman of the television show "De Ombudsman". 

Van Minnen served as a member of the European Parliament for the Labour Party between 1979 and 1984.

Van Minnen died on 18 April 2016 in Zeist, Netherlands, aged 83.

Marco Leto

Marco Leto (18 January 1931 – 21 April 2016) was an Italian movie director and screenwriter. He was known for his movies "Black Holiday" (1973) and "Al piacere di rivederla" (1976). He was born in Rome, Italy. His career began in 1960 and he retired in 1993.

Leto died in Rome, Italy on 21 April 2016, aged 85.

Robert Dolan (marine geologist)

Robert "Bob" Dolan (April 5, 1929 – April 24, 2016) was an American marine geologist. He was a professor of Coastal Geology at the University of Virginia. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He was the co-creator of the Dolan/Davis Scale for Nor'easter.

Dolan died in Charlottesville, Virginia at the age of 87 on April 24, 2016.

Walter Jackson Freeman III

Walter Jackson Freeman III (January 30, 1927 – April 24, 2016) was an American biologist, theoretical neuroscientist and philosopher. He was known for his research in how brains generate meaning. His main body of research was on the work of rabbits using electroencephalography. He was born in Washington, D.C.. He was the Professor Emeritus of Neurobiology at the University of California Berkeley.

Freeman died at his home in Berkeley, California on April 24, 2016 from pulmonary fibrosis, aged 89.

Michal Hornstein

Michal Hornstein (September 17, 1920 – April 25, 2016) was a Polish-born Canadian businessman, art collector and philanthropist. He was born in Kraków, Poland. He moved to Canada after surviving the Holocaust (he was of Jewish descent). He became a citizen in 1957. He was known for donating money to art museums and schools in Quebec. In 1984 he was made a Member of the Order of Canada. In 1993, he was made a Knight of the National Order of Quebec. He was made Officer in 2002 and Grand Officer in 2013.

Hornstein died at his home in Montreal, Quebec on April 25, 2016, aged 95.

Martin Szipál

Martin Szipál (born Szipál Márton; 6 May 1924 – 26 April 2016), also known as Martin S. Martin, was a Hungarian photographer. He was known for his portrait photography of movie stars and celebrities. He was born in Szolnok. 

He worked with many magazines and took pictures of many famous celebrities such as John Wayne, Tommy Lee Jones, Leslie Nielsen, Charlene Tilton, Margaux Hemingway, Timothy Hutton, Priscilla Presley and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.

Szipál returned to Hungary in 1997, where he worked for newspapers and taught in several photographer schools. He died of prostate cancer in his home in Budapest on April 26, 2016, just before turning 92.

Edward Ashmore

Admiral of the Fleet Sir Edward Beckwith Ashmore (11 December 1919 – 28 April 2016) was a senior Royal Navy officer. He was born in Queenstown, Ireland.

He was in active service in the Second World War. He later commanded two frigates before achieving high command in the Navy. He served as First Sea Lord and Chief of the Naval Staff in the mid-1970s. He went on to be Chief of the Defence Staff, serving briefly. In retirement he became a Director of Racal Electronics and a Governor of Suttons Hospital in London.

Ashmore died on 28 April 2016 in London at the age of 96.

Vasily Zvyagintsev

Vasily Dmitrievich Zvyagintsev (; November 21, 1944 – April 30, 2016) was a Russian science fiction author. He was born in Grozny. He wrote his only novel series "Odysseus leaves Ithaca", set during World War II. The series was liked by literary critics. It contains more than 10 volumes. He won the Aelita Prize, Interpesscon, А. R. Belyaev award and special international award Eurocon.

Zvyagintsev died on April 30, 2016 in Stavropol, Russia from a heart attack, aged 71.

Uwe Friedrichsen

Uwe Friedrichsen (27 May 1934 – 30 April 2016) was a German movie and television actor. He was born in Hamburg, Germany. He was known for his roles in "Faust", "John Kling", "Maximilian von Mexiko", "Sesamstraße", and "Schwarz Rot Gold".

Friedrichsen died in Hamburg, Germany from complications of pneumonia on 30 April 2016, aged 81.


Marisol Escobar

Marisol Escobar (May 22, 1930 – April 30, 2016), otherwise known simply as Marisol, was a French-born sculptor of Venezuelan heritage. She worked in New York City. Marisol has received awards including the 1997 Premio Gabriela Mistral from the Organization of American States for her contribution to Inter-American culture. In 2004, Marisol's work was featured in "MoMA at El Museo", an exhibition of Latin American artists held at the Museum of Modern Art.

Marisol died on April 30, 2016 in New York City from pneumonia, aged 85.

Daniel Aaron

Daniel Aaron (August 4, 1912 – April 30, 2016) was an American writer and academic. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He helped found the Library of America in 1979. He served as president until 1985. He was later a board member and remained an emeritus board member. His latest work is an autobiography, "The Americanist" (2007). He taught at Smith College from 1971 through 1980.

Aaron died in Cambridge, Massachusetts on April 30, 2016 from complications of pneumonia, aged 103.

Daniel Berrigan

Daniel Joseph Berrigan, S.J. (May 9, 1921 – April 30, 2016), was an American Jesuit priest, anti-war activist, and poet. He moved to Syracuse, New York at age five. He was known for protesting against the Vietnam War during the 1970s. It also landed him on the FBI's "most wanted list", on the cover of "TIME" magazine, and in prison. In 1980, he founded the Plowshares Movement, an anti-nuclear protest group, that put him back into the national spotlight.

Berrigan died on April 30, 2016 in The Bronx, New York City after a long-illness, aged 94.


Dmytro Hnatyuk

Dmytro Hnatyuk (; 28 March 1925 – 29 April 2016) was a Ukrainian baritone opera singer and a former member of the Ukrainian Parliament. He was a singer at the Kiev Opera and Ballet Theatre appearing as a soloist in many songs. Hnatyuk was elected the head of the Musical Society of Ukraine.

Hnatyuk died on 29 April 2016, aged 91. He was buried at Kiev's Baikove Cemetery.

Solomon W. Golomb

Solomon Wolf Golomb (May 30, 1932 – May 1, 2016) was an American mathematician, engineer and professor of electrical engineering at the University of Southern California. 

He was best known for his works on mathematical games. He invented Cheskers in 1948 and coined the name. He also fully described polyominoes and pentominoes in 1953. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He has specialized in problems of combinatorial analysis, number theory, coding theory and communications. His game of pentomino inspired Tetris.

Golomb died in Los Angeles, California on May 1, 2016 from heart failure, aged 83.


Bianca

Bianca might mean:

Air Nigeria

Air Nigeria used to be the flag carrier of Nigeria between 2004 and 2012. It was founded by the Virgin Group on September 28, 2004. It was originally called Virgin Nigeria Airways. The first flight happened on June 28, 2005. The name was changed to Nigerian Eagle Airlines in 2009. It started a frequent-flyer program called "Eagleflier". The Virgin Group sold the airline in 2010 to the NICON Group. The name was finally changed to Air Nigeria in 2010. Air Nigeria's flying license was taken away on June 13, 2012. The airline shut down on September 12, 2012. There were plans to restart the airline in 2015.

Sheikh Mujibur Rahman

Sheikh Mujibur Rahman (; 17 March 1920 – 15 August 1975) was the founder of Bangladesh. He was the first president of Bangladesh. He was also the second prime minister. Rahman was assassinated on 15 August 1975 along with all his family members present at home that time. He is popularly known as "Sheikh Mujib" or "Sheikh Sahib" and by his title "Bangabandhu". His daughter Sheikh Hasina is the current Prime Minister of Bangladesh. 
Rahman was born in Tungipara village of Gopalganj District. His father, Sheikh Lutfur Rahman, was a serestadar, an officer responsible for record-keeping at the Gopalganj civil court. He is the third child of his parents. 

Battle of Inkerman

The Battle of Inkerman was fought on 5 November 1854 during the Crimean War. British and French troops defeated the Imperial Russian Army. The British Army suffered 597 killed and 1,860 were wounded. The French lost 143 killed and 750 were wounded. The Russians lost 10,729 killed and wounded. The battle broke the spirit of the Russian Army which never again fielded an army against the British and French allies. It was followed by the Siege of Sevastopol.

The allied armies of Britain, France, Sardinia, and the Ottoman Empire had landed on the west coast of Crimea on September 14, 1854. They meant to capture the Russian naval base at Sevastopol. They defeated the Russian army in the Battle of Alma. The allies could have attacked Sevastopol, but the British general and the French commander could not agree on a plan of attack.

Instead, they decided to march around the city and put Sevastopol under siege. Towards the end the allies marched to the southern coast of the Crimean and set up a supply port in the city of Balaklava. Before the siege the Russian commander retreated out of Sevastopol. On 25 October 1854, a Russian force attacked the British base at Balaklava. The attack failed before they could reach it, but the Russian had a stronghold on the British line.

Jan Oort

Jan Hendrik Oort FRS (28 April 1900 – 5 November 1992) was a Dutch astronomer.

Oort made significant contributions to understanding the Milky Way, and was a pioneer in the field of radio astronomy. His New York Times obituary called him “one of the century's foremost explorers of the universe”. The European Space Agency website describes him as, “one of the greatest astronomers of the 20th century”, and says he “revolutionised astronomy through his ground-breaking discoveries”. 

In 1955, Oort’s name appeared in Life Magazine’s list of the 100 most famous living people. He has been described as “putting the Netherlands in the forefront of postwar astronomy”.

Oort proved that the Milky Way rotates. Finding that the visible mass was not enough to explain the rotation, he suggested the existence of invisible dark matter, in 1932. This is now thought to make up aboout 84.5% of the total matter in the Universe. Its gravitational pull causes “the clustering of stars into galaxies and galaxies into connecting strings of galaxies”.

The Solar System's Oort cloud is named after him. 

Lagos State

Lagos State, sometimes referred to as Lagos, is a state located in the southwestern part of Nigeria. It is economically one of most busiest states in Nigeria. The capital of Lagos State is Ikeja.

Lagos State was created on 27 May 1967. It was previously known as Eko until the arrival of Portuguese merchants. The word Eko was coined out from a Yoruba word "Eko" (English: war camp). The first settlers of Eko were the Aworis.

Lagos State is divided into 20 local government areas from 5 administrative divisions. The local government areas include:

Lagos State consists of Yoruba people but Lagos also attracts foreigners and Nigerians.

Taran Killam

Taran Killam (born April 1, 1982) is an American actor, comedian and singer. He is a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" and one of the leading males on the show and plays a variety of characters and does a variety of impressions.

Polynomial remainder theorem

The polynomial remainder theorem states that:

for every polynomial formula_1 and every real number formula_2 the remainder of division of formula_1 by formula_4 is formula_5.

This theorem can easily be proven, but it is important for various calculations.

If we divided formula_1 by formula_4, it means that we found such formula_8 and formula_9, that

formula_10.

Let formula_11. Then formula_12 Q.E.D.

Let's divide formula_13 by formula_14.

The theorem says that the remainder will be equal to formula_15

So, let's divide formula_16 by formula_14: formula_18.

We get that formula_19.

Sometimes, it can be difficult to calculate formula_5 fast (if the polynomial is very big). There exist methods of fast division by formula_4, so the computing the remainder could be easier than the whole function.

The theorem itself is also very important for theoretical use. Its proof can easily be applied to another similar objects with little changes. It is used, for example, in the fundamental theorem of algebra, in the form of a generalisation in complex numbers.

Western Wall Plaza

Western Wall Plaza is a town square in the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem beside the Western Wall that is located in the eastern side of the square. The square was established in 1967 after the unite of the city. in the northern side of the square located the: Western Wall Tunnel and The Chain of Generations Center. in the southern side of the square located the: Jerusalem Archaeological Park and the Dung Gate. in the western side of the square located the Jewish Quarter.

Bianca's Kids

Bianca's Kids is a non-profit organization which was founded by Deborah Anne Savigliano in 2010. Its headquarters are in Williamstown, New Jersey. Its mission is to grant wishes to foster children and other children with special needs. Bianca's Kids was started by Savigliano to honor the memory of her 21 year old niece Bianca Yodice. She was studying to be a Social worker when she died in a car accident in 2010. Yodice loved kids and her aunt wanted to make sure she was remembered.

The 501(c) organization grants wishes to children who suffer from physical, emotional or financial issues. The group sees every child in need as deserving their attention. They obtain donations in order to help buy what the kids they help need. This includes medical devices such as braces and wheelchairs.

Since the organization started, Bianca's Kids has granted over 13,000 wishes to children in New Jersey as well as other parts of the world. Some of these wishes have included school backpacks, sports equipment and memorabilia. The charity has also provided things such as prom dresses and even diapers. In 2015, the organization granted a wish to a disabled student to travel to Disney World with his classmates. According to GreatNonprofits, $.95 of every dollar donated to Bianca's Kids goes to the children it helps. In 2014, Bianca's Kids was named a "Top-Rated 2014 Nonprofit" by GreatNonprofits, the leading reviewer of nonprofit organizations.

Savigliano wrote a book about Bianca's Kids in February 2015. The book was made into a documentary film, "From Grief to Gratitude." The movie premiered on June 4, 2016 in Williamstown, New Jersey.


Eaman al-Gobory

Eaman al-Gobory (Arabic language:إيمان الجبوري ) is a doctor from Iraq. In 2008, she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

A-Gobory graduated from Baghdad Medical School. Then she went to work in Yemen, because she did not want to be in Saddam Hussein’s Baath Party in Iraq. She returned to Iraq in 2003, after the war started. She wanted to help the Iraqi people. 

Al-Gobory is the National Medical Officer for the International Organization of Migration, an international organization that helps people. She helps Iraqi children get medical care in the U.S. and around the world. The children receive plastic surgery, prosthetic limbs and heart surgery. The International Organization of Migration helped 300 men, women and children to go to hospitals in 19 countries. 

Al-Gobory also helped build the Iraqi health care system with education. She worked with Project Hope, Operation Smile, the National Spinal Cord Injury Association, and Operation Give. She was also a senior advisor to Taha group, a member of the UNDC (Uniited Nations Global Compact), that helps with health and staff development. 

In 2011, al-Gobory became the Iraqi Director of Wamar Medical Services, a part of Wamar International, LLC. Wamar Medical Services works with NATO, the United States Department of State, and the International Office for Migration to bring medical care to Iraq and Afghanistan. 


Bill Timoney

Bill Timoney, (born William Regan Timoney on March 5, 1958 in Teaneck, New Jersey) is an American actor, voice actor, director, script writer and producer who is the brother of actor Mike Timoney and son of Mary Gardiner, of The Big Surprise fame, he is also known for playing Alfred Vanderpool in "All My Children". He is married to fellow actress Georgette Reilly. He is also known for providing voice-over work in anime.






Princess Carolina Augusta of the Two Sicilies

Princess Carolina Augusta of the Two Sicilies (26 April 1822 - 6 December 1869) was born a Princess of the Two Sicilies as a granddaughter of Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies. She was also a daughter-in-law of King Louis Philippe I of the French. As a result of her marriage she was also a Princess of Orléans.

On 15 November 1844 the young Carolina Augusta was married to Prince Henri of Orléans, Duke of Aumale in Naples. She continued to use the style of "Royal Highness".


Carolina Augusta remained inconsolable over the death of her eldest son, Louis, and died in exile at Twickenham, England, in 1869 from infectious tuberculosis. She and her husband had a loving marriage and after the death of his wife, Henri preferred to remain a widower until his own death in 1897. Carolina Augusta was later buried at the Royal Chapel of Dreux in France.


Andrew Rannells

Andrew Scott Rannells (born August 23, 1978) is an American actor, voice actor, and singer. He is perhaps best known for his work as Elder Price in the 2011 Broadway musical The Book of Mormon, which earned him a nomination for the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Musical. He is also best known for his role as Elijah Krantz in "Girls".

Rannells is of Polish and Irish descent, and he is openly gay. Rannells currently lives in New York City after temporarily re-locating to Los Angeles to film "The New Normal".

Ingram Olkin

Ingram Olkin (July 23, 1924 – April 28, 2016) was an American professor. He was the professor emeritus and chair of statistics and education at Stanford University and the Stanford Graduate School of Education. He was known for creating statistical analysis for evaluating policies, such as in education, and for his works to meta-analysis, statistics education, multivariate analysis, and majorization theory.

Olkin died from complications of colorectal cancer at his home in Palo Alto, California on April 28, 2016, aged 91.


Alyson Bailes

Alyson Judith Kirtley Bailes CMG (6 April 1949 – 29 April 2016) was an English diplomat, political scientist, academic and polyglot. She served as the British Ambassador to Finland from November 2000 to June 2002. She was born in Liverpool.

Bailed died on 29 April 2016 of pancreatic cancer in Glasgow, Scotland, aged 67.

Air Namibia

Air Namibia is the flag carrier of Namibia. It is based in Windhoek. It began in 1947 with the name South West Air Transport. The name was changed to Namib Air in 1966. The government of South Africa bought the airline in 1982. The Air Namibia name was introduced in October 1991. In 2009, Air Namibia launched a frequent-flyer program. It is called Reward$. Before 2013, Air Namibia used to borrow planes from other companies. In 2011, Air Namibia bought two new Airbus A319. They were delivered in 2013 and are now owned by the airline. 

March of the Volunteers

The "March of the Volunteers" (, ) is the national anthem of the People's Republic of China. The words of the song were written by a playwright named Tian Han in 1934, and the melody to his words were composed by a composer named Nie Er a year later. It was first adopted in 1949 when the previous government was overthrown. It also became the national anthems of Hong Kong in 1997 and Macao in 1999. In 2004, this anthem became embedded in the Chinese Constitution.


Kaname Harada

Harada died on 3 May 2016 in Nagano, Japan from multiple organ failure at the age of 99.

Jean-Baptiste Bagaza

Colonel Jean-Baptiste Bagaza (29 August 1926 – 4 May 2016) was a Burundian politician. He was the Chairman of the Supreme Revolutionary Council in Burundi until November 10, 1976. He was President from November 10, 1976 to September 3, 1987. Bagaza was deposed in a military coup d'état. He was replaced as president by Pierre Buyoya. He went into exile in Uganda and later went to Libya, where he lived until 1993.

Bagaza died from unknown causes at a hospital in Brussels, Belgium on 4 May 2016, aged 89.

Jadranka Stojaković

Jadranka Stojaković (24 July 1950 – 3 May 2016) was a Sarajevo-born Yugoslav singer-songwriter. She was popular in the former Yugoslavia. She was known for her unique voice. Her best known hits are "Sve smo mogli mi", "Što te nema" and "Bistre vode Bosnom teku".

Stojaković died on 3 May 2016 from motor neurone disease at a nursing home in Banjaluka, Bosnia and Herzegovina, aged 65.

Olle Ljungström

Lars Olof "«Olle»" Gustaf Ljungström (12 August 1961 – 4 May 2016) was a Swedish singer-songwriter and guitarist. Ljungström grew up in Vaxholm. He was vocalist and guitarist in the group Reeperbahn from 1979 until 1984. The group made three more full-length albums, "Venuspassagen" (1981), "Peep-Show" (1983) and "Intriger" (1983) before splitting up in 1984. Since the early 1990s, he performed solo.

Ljungström was found dead in his home in Alingsås on 4 May 2016, aged 54.

Carl Fredrik Reuterswärd

Carl Fredrik Reuterswärd (4 June 1934 – 3 May 2016) was a Swedish painter and sculptor. He was a professor of painting at The Academy of Fine Arts in Stockholm from 1965 until 1969. In 1974, he was a guest professor at Minneapolis School of Art in Minneapolis, Minnesota. In 1986 he was awarded the Prince Eugen Medal for painting.

Reuterswärd was known for his sculpture showing a revolver tied in a knot, called "Non violence". It is outside of the United Nations Headquarters in New York City. 

Reuterswärd died of pneumonia at a hospital in Landskrona, Sweden on 3 May 2016, aged 81.

Jane Jacobs

Jane Jacobs (May 4, 1916 – April 25, 2006) was a Canadian and American journalist, author and activist. She changed urban studies. In her book "The Death and Life of Great American Cities," Jacobs described how urban renewal did not respect the needs of most city people.

Jacobs made local efforts with regular people to protect existing neighborhoods from "slum clearance". In 1968, she was arrested for inciting a crowd to stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway. In 1968, she moved to Toronto. In Toronto, she fought against building the Spadina Expressway (now Allen Road).

Mostly men work in urban planning and have power. Jacobs was a woman and a writer who criticized the ideas of male experts. So, established planners often said bad things about her personally. She was often described first as a housewife, because she did not have a college degree or any formal training in urban planning. However, her ideas became more and more popular and respected. Professionals such as Richard Florida and Robert Lucas said her work was important.

Jacobs got the second Vincent Scully prize from the National Building Museum in 2000.

Jacobs was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania. She died from a stroke in Toronto at age 89.

Nick Drake

Nick Drake (19 June 1948 – 25 November 1974) was an English singer-songwriter. He was best-known for his acoustic guitar songs. He was not popular with a wide audience while he was alive, but his work has now gained recognition.

He was born to British parents in Yangon, Burma. He has an older sister Gabrielle Drake who is an actress. He released his first album "Five Leaves Left" in 1969. He then released two more albums: "Bryter Layter" (1971) and "Pink Moon" (1972).

On 25 November 1974, at the age of 26, Drake died from an overdose of approximately 30 antidepressant pills. His cause of death was determined to be suicide.


Prince Henri, Duke of Aumale

Prince Henri of Orléans, Duke of Aumale (Henri Eugène Philippe Louis; 16 January 1822 – 7 May 1897) was a leader of the Orleanists, a political faction in 19th century France associated with constitutional monarchy. He was born in Paris, the fifth son of King Louis Philippe I. He used the title Duke of Aumale. He retired from public life in 1883. He was also a member of the "Académie française". 

At age of 8, he inherited a fortune of 66 million livres (approximately £200 million today). At the age of seventeen he entered the army with the rank of a captain of infantry.

On November 25, 1844, he married Princess Carolina Augusta of the Two Sicilies, daughter of the Leopold of the Two Sicilies, "Prince of Salerno" and his wife Maria Clementina of Austria, in Naples. The couple had several children, two of whom reached adulthood.


By his will of the June 3, 1884, Henri bequeathed his Chantilly estate to the Institute of France. This included the Château de Chantilly, with all the art he had collected there. The chateau became a museum. This generosity led the government to withdraw the decree of exile and the duke returned to France in 1889. He died in Lo Zucco, Sicily. He was buried in Dreux, in the chapel of the House of Orléans.


Thomas Seymour, 1st Baron Seymour of Sudeley

Thomas Seymour, 1st Baron Seymour of Sudeley, KG (c. 1508-20 March 1549) was the brother of the English Queen Jane Seymour (the third wife of King Henry VIII) and uncle to King Edward VI. He was also the fourth husband of Catherine Parr who was the sixth and last wife of Henry VIII. 

Thomas was the son of Sir John Seymour and Margaret Wentworth. He grew up at Wulfhall in Wiltshire. He was the brother to Edward Seymour, Elizabeth Seymour and Jane Seymour.

Henry VIII married Jane Seymour in May 1536, eleven days after he executed his second wife, Anne Boleyn. Thomas and his older brother Edward, both saw their fortunes rise, as they became part of the royal family.

In October of the following year, Jane gave birth to a son, Edward Tudor, who would become King Edward VI. Less than two weeks later, Queen Jane died as a result of giving birth, leaving Thomas as an uncle to the baby prince, and in a very powerful position. 

King Henry VIII died in January 1547, leaving his son, Edward VI, as King of England. Thomas's older brother Edward Seymour, became Lord Protector of England, in effect, ruler of England as Regent for his nephew, the king. Thomas was very jealous of his brother's power and worked to replace his brother as Lord Protector.

In April or May of 1547, Thomas secretly married Henry VIII’s widow- Catherine Parr. As they married so soon after Henry VIII's death, many people turned against them.

Upon their marriage, Thomas moved into his wife’s house, where they lived with Henry VIII's youngest daughter- who would later become Elizabeth I. When living in the same house, Thomas had a close relationship with Elizabeth. 

When his wife Catherine became pregnant in the spring of 1548, she was worried enough about her husband’s relationship with Elizabeth that she sent her away to live elsewhere. In September 1548, Catherine gave birth to a daughter, but died soon after.

Upon her death, Catherine left all of her possessions to Thomas, making him one of the richest men in England.

Despite the amount of power and money Thomas now had, he was still jealous that his brother was Lord Protector. He began publicly saying that his brother was not good enough at ruling.

By 1548, Edward Seymour and others responsible for running the country were becoming aware that Thomas was trying to take power. Thomas would not try to explain himself.

On the night of 16 January 1549, Thomas was caught trying to break into the King's apartments at Hampton Court Palace. The next day, he was arrested and sent to the Tower of London. He was found guilty of treason. Thomas was beheaded on 20 March 1549.


Blönduós

Blönduós is a town and municipality in northwest Iceland. It has a population of 881 people. It is located next to Route 1 at the end of the Blanda river. On a hill above the town is a church with striking architecture that is supposed to look like a volcanic crater. Blönduós does not have a good harbour. It is mainly used as dairy service centre for the nearby farm areas. Many people in the city work in agriculture, industry and fishing.



Assyrian calendar

The Assyrian calendar is a lunar-based calendar that begins in the year 4750 BC.  The Assyrian calendar is inspired by an estimate of the date of the first temple at Assur. The Assyrian new year is still celebrated every year by many people. This calendar is official among ethnic Assyrians in Iraq, Syria, Palestine, Armenia, Jordan, Lebanon, parts of Turkey and Iran.

This calendar begins 4,750 years before the Gregorian calendar. For example, it is set out like this: 2016+4750 = Assyrian year 6766.

Mel Bartholomew

Mel Bartholomew (December 14, 1931 – April 28, 2016) was an American gardener, engineer, inventor, businessman, television presenter and writer. He was born in Kingston, New York, but was raised in California. He was known for creating Square foot gardening. His first book "Square Foot Gardening" was the largest selling gardening book in American history. He hosted the television program called "Square Foot Gardening" for eight years, featured on the USA's Public Broadcasting System. The "Square Foot Gardening" TV series ran on PBS, Discovery Channel, and Learning Channel for eight years.

Bartholomew died in San Diego, California from liver cancer on April 28, 2016, aged 84.


Karol Machata

Karol Machata (13 January 1928 – 3 May 2016) was a Slovak actor. He appeared in more than 40 movies and television shows between 1951 and 1992. He was added into the Hall of Fame at the 8th OTO Awards in 2007. He was known for his roles in "St. Peter's Umbrella" (1958) and in "A Song About the Gray Pigeon" (1961). He was born in Malacky, Czechoslovakia.

Machata died on 3 May 2016 in Bratislava, Slovakia at the age of 88.

Dung Gate

Dung Gate (also Gate of Silwan or the Moroccan Gate) is one of the city gates to the Old City of Jerusalem. It is the entrance to the Western Wall Plaza from the old city walls. It is the central entrance to the old city from the south.


Janusz Tazbir

Janusz Tazbir (August 5, 1927 – May 3, 2016) was a Polish historian. He worked in the subject of the culture and religion of Poland in the 16th and 17th centuries. He was born in Kałuszyn. He wrote over 1,000 books and essays about the history of Poland. 

Tazbir died on May 3, 2016 in Warsaw, aged 88.


Clockers

Clockers is a 1995 American hood and crime drama movie. It is about life in the projects. Spike Lee directed the movie. It is based on 1992 novel Clockers.

In a Brooklyn housing project, clockers – street level drug dealers – sell drugs for a man named Rodney Little. Rodney tells one of his lead drug dealers, Ronald "Strike" Durham, that another dealer, Darryl Adams, is stealing from him and needs to be killed. Rodney wants Strike to murder Darryl. Strike then meets with his brother, Victor Dunham, and wants Victor to kill Darryl Adams.


"Clockers" got positive reviews from the movie critics. Roger Ebert gave this movie three and a half stars. Rotten Tomatoes said that 67% of reviewers viewed it positively.


Elizabeth Blount

Elizabeth Blount (/ / – 1539/1540), often called Bessie Blount, was famous for having an affair with King Henry VIII of England.

Blount was the daughter of Sir John Blount and Catherine Pershall, of Shropshire. 

Not much is known about Elizabeth Blount's early years, not even her year of birth.

She became a lady-in-waiting (a type of personal helper) to Queen Catherine of Aragon. She became King Henry's lover during 1514 or 1515.

Blount's relationship with Henry VIII lasted a long time compared to many of his other affairs. On 15 June 1519, Blount and the King had a son, named Henry FitzRoy. After FitzRoy was born, their affair ended.

In 1522, Blount married Gilbert Tailboys, 1st Baron Tailboys of Kyme. By this marriage, she had two sons and one daughter.  Her husband, Tailboys, died in 1530.

On 23 July 1536, Henry VIII and Blount's son Henry FitzRoy died, probably of tuberculosis.

Blount then married Edward Clinton at some point between 1533 and 1535. They had three daughters.

Blount died in 1539 or 1540.

Raritan River

The Raritan River is a major river of New Jersey in the United States. It is receives water from the mountainous area of the central part of the state. The water empties into the Raritan Bay on the Atlantic Ocean.

Geologists believe that the Raritan provided the course of the mouth of the Hudson River.

The river forms at near the border of Somerville, of Bridgewater, Branchburg, and Hillsborough Townships. It flows for 16 mi (25.7 km). Then it slows into in tidewater at New Brunswick. Its estuary extends 14 mi (22.5 km) m.oIt re ensing the western end of Raritan Bay at South Amboy.

The river has served an important water transportation route for a while. The name Raritan comes from the Raritan people, an Algonquian Native American tribe that inhabited Staten Island. In colonial days, the river allowed the development of early industry around New Brunswick. During the American Revolutionary War, the river provided a means for troop conveyance.

Efforts have been taken to reduce the pollution and increase water quality. These actions have helped the resident fish population. These include largemouth bass, smallmouth bass, sunfish, catfish, trout, chain pickerel, american eels, carp and yellow perch. Some parts of the river include striped bass, fluke, winter flounder, weakfish and bluefish. Many birds live along the length of the river. Crustaceans such as blue claw crab, fiddler crabs and green crabs are also found in the tidal sections of the river. Crayfish can be found farther upstream.

The river is also used for recreational boating, including use by the rowing team of Rutgers University in New Brunswick. The river is featured in the title of Rutgers' alma mater, "On the Banks of the Old Raritan", and its flooding is mentioned in the song. The musical "1776" mentions troops bathing in the Raritan River.

Near its mouth, the river has a New Jersey Transit railroad bridge. There is the Victory Bridge that carries Route 35 (connecting Perth Amboy and Sayreville, New Jersey); the Edison Bridge, which carries U.S. Route 9 (connecting Woodbridge Township and Sayreville); and the Driscoll Bridge, which carries the Garden State Parkway (connecting Woodbridge Township and Sayreville).

The Raritan River is an important source of drinking water for the central portion of New Jersey.

The Raritan River has flooding problems when massive rain from storms affects the river basin.

In August 2011, record flooding occurred once again after Hurricane Irene swept through the area.

Somerset County, New Jersey

Somerset County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey.

Somerset County is one of America's oldest counties, and is named after the English county of Somerset. The area was first settled in 1681.

Most of the early residents were Dutch. General George Washington and his troops marched through the county on several occasions and slept in many of the homes located throughout the area. Somerset County also played an important part during both World War I and World War II with weapons depots and the manufacturing of the army's woolen blankets.

Somerset County was primarily an agricultural county. In the late 19th century, the county saw many wealthy people come to live. The area is still the home of several wealthy people who were in the pharmaceutical industry.

In the 1960s, townships that were once exclusively agricultural were quickly transformed into suburban communities. Examples include Bridgewater Township and the Watchung Hills communities of Watchung, Green Brook and Warren Township.

At the 2020 United States Census, there were 345,361 people, 125,598 households, and 90,945 families living in the county. The population density was 1,144.1 per square mile (441.7/km).

At the 2010 United States Census, there were 323,444 people, 117,759 households, and 84,669 families living in the county. The population density was 1,071.7 per square mile (413.8/km).

At the 2000 United States Census, there were 297,490 people, 108,984 households and 78,359 families living in the county. The population density was 976 per square mile (377/km²).

Municipalities in Somerset County are below. A CDP is a Census-designated place, as described by the Census Bureau.

Somerset County has numerous roads. , the county had a total of of roadways. were maintained by the towns. were maintained by Somerset County and were by the New Jersey Department of Transportation.

The only two state routes that traverse through are Route 27 (only in Franklin) and Route 28.

U.S. Routes include U.S. Route 22, U.S. Route 202 and U.S. Route 206. The two interstates that pass through are Interstate 78 and Interstate 287.

Route 18 runs at the New Brunswick border of Somerset.
New_Jersey_Transit provides train service. It operates Raritan_Valley_Line.It can go to New York City. PPublic bus transportation is provided by several transit agencies.

NJ Transit provides bus service Midtown Manhattan, as well as service to major cities in New Jersey and within Somerset County. 

Bedminster, New Jersey

Bedminster is a township in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. The township's population was 8,272, according to the 2020 United States Census.

Bedminster was the corporate headquarters of AT&T Corporation, before its merger with SBC Communications (the combined company is now known as AT&T Inc.).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the township had a total area of 26.38 square miles (68.31 km), including 26.12 square miles (67.66 km) of land and 0.25 square miles (0.66 km) of water (0.96%).

As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 8,272 people, 4,222 households, and 2,084 families residing in the township. The population density was 316.7 people per square mile (122.3/km²).

Trump National Golf Course - owned by Donald Trump, the course features 36 holes designed by Tom Fazio, with fees to join of $350,000.

Bedminster Township has a township government. The five-member Township Committee is elected by the voters serve three-year terms of office. At an annual reorganization meeting held during the first week of January, the Township Committee selects one of its members to serve as mayor.

As of March 23, 2011, there were a total of 6,183 registered voters in Bedminster Township.

The Bedminster Township School District serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade at Bedminster Township Public School. As of the 2011-12 school year, the district's one school had an enrollment of 582 students and 56.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.25:1.

Public school students in ninth through twelfth grades attend Bernards High School. It is part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Somerset Hills Regional School District. It is a K - 12 district that serves students from Bernardsville, Far Hills and Peapack-Gladstone.

, the township had a total of of roadways. are maintained by the municipality, by Somerset County and by the New Jersey Department of Transportation.

Bedminster has Interstate 287 that which runs through the eastern section, while Interstate 78 runs mostly through the center of the township. U.S. Route 202 and U.S. Route 206 also pass through running parallel to I-287 from the Bridgewater area to Pluckemin.

Major county roads that pass through include CR 512 and CR 523.

The closest New Jersey Transit service offered is at the Far Hills station on the Morris & Essex Lines.

Somserset County operates bus service along Route 206.

People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Bedminster Township include:


University of Worcester

The University of Worcester is a university, in Worcester, England. It started in 1946.

In 1946, it started as a teaching college. It was on unused bases for the Royal Air Force. In 1997 the Privy Council renamed it iversity College Worcester. In 2005, the Privy Council let it become a university. The institution was renamed "University of Worcester" in September of that year.

Since 2005, the University has got many new sites in the city of Worcester.

St John's is the main campus. It is the central place for all courses, support departments and academic institutes. it does have any places that does business, computing, marketing or management.

The university's second campus is known as City Campus. The Worcester Business School is here.

In addition, the University occupies a large site adjacent to the River Severn, now known as "Riverside". This includes an Art Space & Exhibition building and a 2,000-seat capacity Sports Arena built as a new facility for sports, events, a base for the Worcester Wolves basketball team, a national centre of excellence for disability sports and as a further teaching and office space. The facility, known as Worcester Arena is also accessible to the local community. 

The Hive was opened in July 2012. It has a bunch of services for adults, children and adamic sections. It has 250,000 books, and huge archive collections. It also has meeting rooms, exhibition spaces and a studio theatre.

The institution has been awarded the Carbon Trust Standard. The university has been recgonized for efficiency.

The University of Worcester is the UK's fastest growing University. Applications increased by 10.6% in 2009 and by 100% since 2004. The University has consistently recorded the largest increases in applications of any UK University for 7 years in a row.

As of April 2011, the University of Worcester has proposed to set its undergraduate Tuition Fees at £8,100 under the new regime announced by the Coalition Government.

The university guide of the Times newspaper rates the university at place 81 out of 114 institutions.

In the National Student Survey students from the University rated their overall satisfaction at 80% in 2008/09. A number of subject areas received excellent levels of satisfaction, with an overall student satisfaction of 92% in Sports Science and 89% in Initial Teacher Training.

In March 2010, the University was ranked 54th of the top public sector places to work.

The Complete University Guide 2015 says it the University is 104th out of 123 institutions.

In August 2010, the University was granted Research Degree awarding powers, enabling it to confer the awards of MPhil and PhD. Before this the Coventry University assisted in the academic awarding of these degrees. The university includes eight national research centres:

Worcester Students' Union is the student government organization for students at the University of Worcester. The Union a President, a Vice-President (Education), a Vice-President (Student Activities), and 7 other officers.

The University is home to the Worcester Wolves basketball team.



New Jersey Transit

New Jersey Transit Corporation, known as NJ Transit (NJT), is a state-owned public transportation system that serves New Jersey. It operates bus, rail, and commuter rail services throughout the state. It connects New York and Philadelphia.

NJT is the largest statewide system for public transporation and the third largest provider of bus and rail.

NJT was founded on July 17, 1979 by the New Jersey Department of Transportation (NJDOT). It was to address many transportation issues.

In 1983, NJT assumed operation of all commuter rail service in New Jersey from Conrail. It now operates every passenger and commuter rail line in the state except for Amtrak; the Port Authority Trans-Hudson (PATH), which is owned by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey; the PATCO Speedline; two SEPTA Regional Rail lines, the West Trenton Line and the Trenton Line; and a handful of tourist trains in the southern and northwestern parts of New Jersey. Since inception, rail ridership has quadrupled.

During Hurricane Sandy in October 2012, the rail operations center of NJ Transit was flooded by of water.

The Governor of New Jersey appoints a seven-member Board of Directors.

NJT's operations are divided into three classes: bus, rail, and light rail.
NJT operates 871 bus routes using 2,477 buses 

NJT operates three light rail lines:


NJT has 11 commuter rail lines:
Their rolling stock consists of GE/Avco Arrow III EMUs, Bombardier/Alstom Comet series coaches and Bombardier multilevel coaches. Their electric locomotive fleet consists of Bombardier ALP-46 locomotives, while their diesel locomotive fleet consists of EMD GP40, EMD F40PH, Alstom PL42AC, and Bombardier ALP-45DP locomotives.

The New Jersey Transit Police Department (NJTPD) is the transit police force for NJT. It is a general-powers police agency with statewide jurisdiction with the primary focus on policing the numerous bus depots, rail, and light-rail stations throughout New Jersey. It employs 240 sworn police officers.

Superstorm Sandy, on October 29, 2012, caused a 13-foot tidal surge that damaged many coastal communities.. The storm's aftermath left damaged tracks, moved bridge girders, and flooded rail stations. NJT has proposed the construction of a new generator in the Kearny Meadows that would be flood-proof. and support an electrical "micro-grid" that would be exclusively for train service.

Bus rapid transit in New Jersey is plentiful.

NJT is planning to extend the Hudson-Bergen Light Rail to Englewood or Tenafly .

The Glassboro–Camden Line is a diesel multiple unit (DMU) light rail system planned for southwestern part of New Jersey in the United States. At its northern end in Camden it will connect with the River LINE with which its infrastructure and vehicles will be compatible. At the northern terminus, the Walter Rand Transportation Center, paid transfers will be possible to the PATCO Speedline.
 </nowiki>relarticle mainpage">The West Trenton Line is a proposed service connecting Trenton to Newark. NJT's estimate of the cost was $197 million. To date, no money has been given.

The Passaic-Bergen Passenger Rail Project would reintroduce passenger service on the New York, Susquehanna and Western Railway right-of-way between Hawthorne and Hackensack using new Diesel Multiple Unit rail cars.

The Monmouth-Ocean-Middlesex line is a proposed south and central New Jersey commuter rail route to New Brunswick, Newark and New York's Penn Station. This would restore service previously provided by the Central Railroad of New Jersey. It would run on a 40.1-mile rail train line. It would providec service from Monmouth Junction (South Brunswick) to Lakehurst .

From Monmouth Junction the line would continue southeast to Jamesburg, Monroe, Englishtown, Manalapan, Freehold Borough, Freehold Township, Howell and Farmingdale. Passengers for New York would transfer at Newark. Eight new stations and a train storage yard would be constructed.

In August 2010, NJT received $534,375 in Federal Funds to see if there are possibilities of a MOM line. Since that time there has been no further advancement of the project. 

In November 2008, the Lehigh Valley Economic Development Corporation started a study to explore making the Raritan Valley Line to the Lehigh_Valley region of eastern Pennsylvania. It could lead to stops in Allentown, Bethlehem and Easton. These cities were last served in 1967.

It was planned to connect the Downtown portion of Newark with Elizabeth via Newark Liberty International Airport. NJT is no longer pursuing the Newark-Elizabeth Rail Link.


Krishna River

The Krishna River is the fifth longest river in India. It is long. It is the second longest river in South India. The river is the major source of irrigation in the states of Telangana, Maharashtra, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.

The tributaries of this river include Bhima, Tungabhadra, Veena, Koyna, Panchganga, Munneru, and Musi.

Martin de Porres

Saint Martin de Porres (December 9, 1579 – November 3, 1639) is a Christian Saint of Dominican Order. He is the patron saint of social justice. He is also the patron saint of race relations, African-Americans, barbers and hairdressers. He was born in Lima, Peru where he is venerated in the large basilica of Santo Domingo. On his feast day, November 3rd, many churches have a ceremony. 

Saint Martin was born to Juan de Porras, a Spanish hidalgo, and Ana Velásquez, a black woman . He was originally named Martín de Porres Velázquez.


2016 Fort McMurray wildfire

The 2016 Fort McMurray wildfire was a natural disaster that affected Alberta, Canada. The wildfire damaged or destroyed 1,600 structures in early May 2016. Almost 90,000 people evacuated (left) the area as the wildfire spread through the community of Fort McMurray.

A local state of emergency was put in effect on Sunday, May 1, 2016 at 9:57 pm. Several areas were put under a mandatory evacuation. More than 90,000 people people left the area. Fort McMurray also experienced high winds in addition to the wildfire.

Episode

An episode is a singular part of a story, radio or television program. Episodes often follow in an order. They are often 20 to 40 minutes long, and follow the same storyline.

"Episode" comes from the Greek word "epeisodion" which refers to the spoken words between two songs in a Greek tragedy. The word was first used in English in 1773 to mean an "outstanding incident, experience." By the 1930s, the word was used to refer to each broadcast of a radio program that was part of a series.

Abu Hider

Abu Hider () is a Bangladeshi First class and List A cricketer. He is a Left-arm fast-medium Bowler and a Right-hand batsman.Abu Hider made his Twenty20 International debut against Zimbabwe on 2016.


Ángel de Andrés López

Ángel de Andrés López (23 October 1951 – 4 May 2016) was a Spanish actor. He appeared in more than 60 movies and television shows between 1977 and 2015. He was known for his roles as Antonio in "What Have I Done to Deserve This?" (1984) and as Cheyenne in "800 Bullets (2002).

On 4 May 2016, Andrés López died at his home in Miraflores de la Sierra, Madrid, Spain from a heart attack, aged 64.

Abel Fernandez

Abel Gonzalez Fernandez (July 14, 1930 – May 3, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Federal Agent William "Bill" Youngfellow on the 1959 – 1963 ABC Television series "The Untouchables".

Fernandez died on May 3, 2016 from lung cancer at a hospital in Whittier, California, aged 85.


Valdete Idrizi

Valdete Idrizi (born 1973) is the director of an NGO in Mitrovica that helps young people, women, and displaced people. In 2008 she received an International Women of Courage Award. 

Idrizi was born in Mitrovica, a city in Kosovo. She went to the University of Pristina in Mitrovica.

Patrick Ekeng

Patrick Claude Ekeng Ekeng (26 March 1990 – 6 May 2016) was a Cameroonian professional footballer. He played as a defensive midfielder. He had two international caps for his country's national team. He represented Cameroon at the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations.

Ekeng collapsed on 6 May 2016 during a soccer game in Bucharest, Romania. He was rushed to the hospital after suffering from a heart attack. Ekeng died hours later at the age of 26.

WWE Fastlane

WWE Fastlane is a professional wrestling event produced annually by WWE. It is broadcast live and is also available through pay-per-view (PPV) and WWE Network. The event started in 2015 to replace Elimination Chamber in the February time slot of WWE's pay-per-view calendar. The name of the event is a reference to its position on the "Road to WrestleMania". In 2023, it took place in October. 

Siné

Maurice Sinet (31 December 1928 – 5 May 2016), known as Siné, was a French political cartoonist. His work was known for its anti-capitalism, anti-clericalism, anti-colonialism, antisemitism and anarchism. He worked for "L'Express" and "Charlie Hebdo". 

Siné died from lung surgical complications after suffering from lung cancer at a hospital in Paris on 5 May 2016, aged 87.


Margot Honecker

Margot Honecker (née Feist; 17 April 1927 – 6 May 2016) was an East German politician. She was a member of the East German communist party and the East German regime until 1989. She was born in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt.

From 1963 through 1989, she was "Minister of People's Education" ("Ministerin für Volksbildung") of the GDR. She was married to Erich Honecker, the dictator of East Germany (1971 – 1989) from 1953 until his death of liver cancer in 1994. She and her husband were exiled in Chile during the 1990s. 

Honecker died at her home while in exile in Santiago, Chile on 6 May 2016, aged 89.

TACV

TACV is the flag carrier of Cape Verde in Africa. It was founded in 1958. The government of Cape Verde owns 100% of TACV. Sal International Airport is TACV's largest hub. Praia International Airport and Cesária Évora Airport, both in Cape Verde, are also hubs for the airline. TACV currently goes to several cities across Cape Verde, the United States, Brazil, Africa and Europe. 

David Hall (American politician)

David Hall (October 20, 1930 – May 6, 2016) was an American Democratic politician. He served as the 20th Governor of Oklahoma from January 11, 1971 to January 13, 1975.

After leaving office, Hall was convicted of bribery and extortion. He became the first Oklahoma governor to be convicted of criminal acts committed during his tenure. He served 19 months of a three-year sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution, Tucson.

Hall died of a stroke in San Diego, California on May 6, 2016, aged 85.

Henryk Samsonowicz

Henryk Bohdan Samsonowicz (January 23, 1930 – May 28, 2021) was a Polish historian. He was known for his knowledge in medieval Poland. He was also a writer, and professor of the University of Warsaw. From 1989 through 1990, he was the minister of education in the government of prime minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki.

Samsonowicz died on May 28, 2021 in Warsaw at the age of 91.

Tim Matheson

Tim Matheson (born Timothy Lewis Matthieson; December 31, 1947) is an American actor and television director and producer. He is best known for his roles as Eric "Otter" Stratton in the comedy movie "National Lampoon's Animal House" (1978) and of Vice President John Hoynes in the NBC drama "The West Wing". He was also the voice of Johnny Quest in the animated series "Jonny Quest".

Matheson played President Ronald Reagan in the 2016 television movie "Killing Reagan". In 2019, he played businessman Henry Kaslan in the horror movie "Child's Play".


Kevin Conroy

Kevin Conroy (November 30, 1955 – November 10, 2022) was an American stage, movie, and voice actor. He was best known for his voice role as the DC Comics character Batman on the 1990s Warner Bros. television show "", 

Many people liked his performance as Batman that Conroy went on to voice the character for multiple movies under the DC Universe Animated Original Movies banner; along with the famous video games "" (2009), "" (2011), and "" (2015).

Conroy was openly gay.


Hannes Bauer

Johannes "Hannes" Bauer (July 22, 1954 – May 6, 2016) was a German trombonist. He worked in the field of improvised music and free jazz. He was the brother of the trombonist Conny Bauer. His career began in 1979. During his career he has worked with Thomas Lehn, Jon Rose, Ken Vandermark "Territory Band" and the Peter Brötzmann Tentet. He was born in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt.

Baur died in Berlin, Germany on May 6, 2016, aged 61.


Valeriy Zuyev

Valeriy Zuyev (November 5, 1952 – 6 May 2016) was a retired Soviet-born Ukrainian football player and coach. He was born in Kiev. Zuyev played his only game for the USSR in 1975 in a UEFA Euro 1976 qualifier against Turkey.

Zuyev died after a long illness in Kiev on 6 May 2016, aged 63.


Margaret Woodrow Wilson

Margaret Woodrow Wilson (April 16, 1886 – February 12, 1944) was the eldest daughter of US President Woodrow Wilson and Ellen Louise Axson. 

Her two sisters were Jessie and Eleanor. After her mother's death in 1914, Margaret served her father as the White House social hostess, the title later known as First Lady. Her father remarried in 1915.

Wilson died in India from uremia (blood poisoning), aged 57.

Nell Arthur

Ellen Lewis "Nell" Herndon Arthur (August 30, 1837 – January 12, 1880) was the wife of the 21st President of the United States, Chester A. Arthur. She died before he took office as President. She was born in Virginia. 

In January 1880, Nell Arthur came down with a cold. She quickly developed pneumonia. She died two days later on January 12, 1880 in Albany, New York at age 42.


Hannah Van Buren

Hannah Hoes Van Buren (born Hoes; March 8, 1783 – February 5, 1819) was the wife of the eighth President of the United States, Martin Van Buren. She died in 1819, before Martin Van Buren became President. He never remarried and was one of the few Presidents to be unmarried while in office.

During his term, his daughter-in-law, Angelica, performed the role of hostess of the White House and First Lady of the United States.

Van Buren died of tuberculosis.


Óscar Marcelino Álvarez

Óscar Marcelino Álvarez (25 May 1948 – 28 April 2016) was an Argentine former professional football player. He played in Argentina for Banfield and Newell's Old Boys between 1968 and 1970 before reappearing in Greece. In 1980 he was transferred to Atromitos where he played until his retirement in 1981.

Álvarez died on 28 April 2016 in Athens, Greece at the age of 67.

Jok Church

Jok Richard Church (November 28, 1949 – April 29, 2016) was an American cartoonist. He was born in Akron, Ohio. He created the Universal Press Syndicate comic strip "You Can With Beakman and Jax" which was later made into the TV series "Beakman's World".

Church died of a heart attack in San Francisco, California on April 29, 2016, aged 67.

Mark DeSaulnier

Mark James DeSaulnier (born March 31, 1952) is an American politician. He is a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives. He became the representative for California's 11th congressional district on January 3, 2015.

In 2015, DeSaulnier was diagnosed with leukemia. In May 2016, it was announced the leukemia was incurable and that DeSaulnier would still run for re-election in 2016.


Bernards High School

Bernards High School is a four-year high school in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. It serves grades 1-12 and kindergarten. It has students from Bernardsville, Far Hills and Peapack-Gladstone. Students from Bedminster are sent to the district's high school for grades 9-12. The school is in Bernardsville.

In 2012-13 school year, the school had 785 students and 60.7 classroom teachers.

In its 2013 report on "America's Best High Schools", "The Daily Beast" said the school as 235th best in the nation .

In the 2011 "Ranking America's High Schools" issue by "The Washington Post", the school was at 6th in New Jersey and 288th nationwide.

Bernards High School competes in the Skyland Conference. it is under the watch of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA).

From February of 2002 until the end of the 2008-2009 school year, the school offered students the to take part in the International Baccalaureate Diploma Program (IB). It is a comprehensive two-year curriculum taken by a few junior and senior students. Advanced Placement (AP) courses are still offered, which may also lead to college credit.

Core members of the school's administration are:



Hogshead

A hogshead is a measurement unit in the imperial system. It was derived in the 14th century by weighing King Henry IV's hog's head. The measure was used throughout Europe but the length varied from country to country, even city to city. The hogshead was popularized in modern pop culture by Episode 208 of "The Simpsons". There are 2.7 hogshead to a standard gallon.

In 1959, the length was standardized by Canada, New Zealand, United Kingdom, and the United States in the international treaty "Standardization of Units".

Favoriten

Favoriten is the 10th district of Vienna, Austria.

Favoriten is bordered by the districts Meidling to the west and Simmering to the east. Liesing is to the southwest. Margareten and Wieden are to the north. 

Radio astronomy

Radio astronomy is astronomy which studies celestial objects at radio frequencies. 

The first detection of radio waves from an astronomical object was made in the 1930s. Karl Jansky found radiation coming from the Milky Way. Later, other sources of radio emission were found. These include stars and galaxies, as well as entirely new classes of objects, such as radio galaxies, quasars, pulsars, and masers. 

The discovery of the cosmic microwave background radiation, evidence for the Big Bang theory, was made through radio astronomy.

Radio astronomy is done using large radio antennas. These are called radio telescopes. They are used alone, or with multiple linked telescopes. The use of interferometry allows radio astronomy to achieve high angular resolution. The resolving power of an interferometer is set by the distance between its components, not the size of its components.

Pesse canoe

The Pesse canoe is probably the world's oldest known boat. Carbon dating shows that the boat was made during the early mesolithic period between 8040 BCE and 7510 BCE. Right now the canoe is in the Drents Museum in Assen, Netherlands.

The boat is a dugout style canoe measuring long and wide. It was made from a single log of Scots pine wood. scratches are found on the walls of the canoe, these were probably made by flint or antler tools.

The boat was found in 1955 during the creation of the Dutch A28 motorway. The motorway is south of the village of Pesse in Hoogeveen. To make the base of the motorway, the ground was dug up. During this digging a crane operator found what he believed to be a tree trunk long. Local farmer Hendrik Wanders saw the log and took it for observation. He gave the canoe to the University of Groningen, where it was examined and freeze dried to stop decay. It was later moved to the Drents Museum, near the discovery site.

Many have wondered if the Pesse Canoe was actually a boat. Some Danish historians questioned if a boat so small could sail. In 2011, a similar canoe was constructed by Archaeologist Jaap Beuker and successfully paddled by a canoeist. Others thought that the canoe could be something else, believing it was used as an animal feeder. Beuker argued that animals were not kept by the people who lived in the region during the era the boat was made, so it could not have been an animal feeder. The boat is also like other prehistoric canoes.


Nicolas Noxon

Nicolas Lane Noxon (July 29, 1936 – May 3, 2016) was an American documentary filmmaker. He worked in television programs about history, science and the natural world. Noxon produced television specials and series with ABC, David Wolper, Columbia Pictures Television, Metromedia, MGM, Survival Anglia, Time-Life and National Geographic Television. He was born in London, England to American parents. He was known for producing the documentary "Secrets of the Titanic".

Noxon died of pancreatic cancer on May 3, 2016 in Westlake Village, California, aged 79.

Bernardo Ribeiro

Bernardo Salim Ribeiro (9 October 1989 – 7 May 2016) was a Brazilian footballer. He played as an attacking midfielder. On February 2011, he completed move to Skënderbeu Korçë. He officially became part of the club in July 2011. In August 2012 he signed for A-League club Newcastle Jets.

On 8 May 2016, Ribeiro died of a heart attack during a match in Brazil, aged 26.

Alan K. Simpson

Alan Kooi Simpson (born September 2, 1931) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He served from 1979 to 1997 as a United States Senator from Wyoming. His dad, Milward L. Simpson, was also a senator (1962–1967), and served as a Wyoming governor (1955–1959).
In 2010, Simpson was appointed by President Obama to co-chair the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform with Democrat co-chair Erskine Bowles of North Carolina.

Moscow International Business Center

Karl W. Butzer

Karl W. Butzer (August 19, 1934 – May 4, 2016) was an German-born American geographer, cultural ecologist and environmental archaeologist. 

Butzer was born in Mülheim, Germany. He studied at McGill University and at the University of Bonn.

From 1959 through 1966, he taught at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He taught at the University of Chicago until 1984. After that, he went to University of Texas at Austin. 

Butzer died on May 4, 2016 in Austin, Texas at the age of 81.


One (U2 song)

"One" is a rock ballad from the Irish rock group U2. The song is about breakups and wanting to stay together. It is the third song from their studio album "Achtung Baby". It was released in March 1992 as the album's third single.

"One" was released as a charity benefit single. Profits from the song went to AIDS research. The song reached the top of the Irish Singles Charts, the U.S. "Billboard" Album Rock Tracks and Modern Rock Tracks. The song hit #10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song has been redone by many artists, like Adam Lambert, Damien Rice and Johnny Cash.

The song has various track listings.

Romalı Perihan

Perihan Özkurt (born Perihan Benli; 18 March 1942 – 5 May 2016), best known as Romalı Perihan, formerly "Perihan, Princess of Esfandiari-Bakhtiari", was an internationally known Turkish soprano, socialite, painter, model, columnist, and actress. She married to the late Iranian nobleman Bijan, Prince of Esfandiari-Bakhtiari in Italy. She is mainly known for her role in "La Dolce Vita".

Perihan died in Istanbul from a heart attack on 5 May 2016, aged 74.


Candye Kane

Candye Kane, born Candace Hogan (November 13, 1961 – May 6, 2016), was an American singer-songwriter of Jewish descent. She was best known in the blues and jazz genre. She was included in the books "Rolling Stone Guide to Jazz and Blues," "Elwood's Blues" by Dan Aykroyd. She also had a career as a pornographic actress during porn's golden age. She was born in Ventura, California. In 2014, Kane was nominated for a Blues Music Award in the 'Contemporary Blues Female Artist of the Year' category.

Kane was a bisexual. In 2008, she was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. Kane died from the disease at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles on May 6, 2016, aged 54.

Isao Tomita

, often known simply as Tomita, was a Japanese music composer. He was born in Tokyo. He is called as one of the pioneers of electronic music and space music. He is one of the most famous producers of analog synthesizer arrangements. Many of his albums are electronic versions and adaptations of famous classical music pieces and he received four Grammy Award nominations for his 1974 album "Snowflakes Are Dancing".

Isao died of heart failure in Tokyo on 5 May 2016, aged 84.


Chris Mitchell

Christopher Philip Mitchell (21 July 1988 – 6 May 2016) was a Scottish professional footballer. Mitchell played for Falkirk, Ayr United, Bradford City, Queen of the South and Clyde. He was born in Stirling, Scotland. Mitchell won seven caps for the Scotland national under-21 football team.

Mitchell died on 6 May 2016, aged 27.


The Jungle Book (2016 movie)

The Jungle Book is a 2016 American fantasy adventure movie directed by Jon Favreau, written by Justin Marks and produced by Walt Disney Pictures. It is based on Rudyard Kipling's "The Jungle Book" and inspired by Walt Disney's 1967 animated movie of the same name.

It stars 

Favreau, Marks and producer Brigham Taylor developed the movie's story with a mixture between Disney's animated version and Kipling's original books. Filming began in 2014, with filming taking place in Los Angeles.

"The Jungle Book" was released to very positive reviews in North America on April 15, 2016. It has a 95% on Rotten Tomatoes.



2020 United States presidential election

The 2020 United States presidential election was the 59th presidential election and was held on November 3, 2020. Former vice president Joe Biden and U.S. senator Kamala Harris defeated incumbent Republican President Donald Trump and incumbent Vice President Mike Pence, on the Democratic Party ticket. 

Voters selected presidential electors who then voted on December 14, 2020 to either elect a new president and vice president or re-elect the incumbents. On November 7, Biden won the election and became the president-elect of the United States. 

Donald Trump, the 45th president, started a campaign to be president for four more years in the Republican primaries. Several state Republican Party organizations cancelled their primaries in a show of support for his candidacy. He became the presumptive nominee in March 2020.

Twenty-seven major candidates started campaigns for the Democratic nomination. This was the largest number of candidates for any political party in modern-day American politics. In April 2020, former Vice President Joe Biden became the presumptive nominee after beating Senator Bernie Sanders. In August 2020, Biden picked U.S. Senator and former 2020 candidate Kamala Harris as his running mate.

Some issues of the election included the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which killed over 220,000 Americans at the time of the election, protests in reaction to the murder of George Floyd and other black Americans, the death of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett, and the Affordable Care Act, with Biden wanting to protect and expand it and Trump pushing for ending it.

After the election, Donald Trump refused to accept that he lost and filed over 40 lawsuits against states and politicians trying to change the election results. The lawsuits said that the election was not fair. Almost all of the lawsuits failed in court because Trump could not prove what he said. In some states, the votes were counted again, which still showed that Biden won. After the electors voted for Biden on December 14, Trump tried other ways to overturn the election results. When the electoral votes were counted in Congress on January 6-7, some Republicans voted not to count votes from certain states.

Biden was inaugurated on January 20, 2021, at midday when he took the oath of office.

The 2020 U.S. presidential election was the first time all members of the millennial generation were able to vote. The age group of people in the 18 to the 45-year-old area was 40 percent of those able to vote in 2020.

The United States House of Representatives voted to impeach President Donald Trump on December 18, 2019, making him the third president in American history to be impeached. He was acquitted by the United States Senate on February 5, 2020.

More people voted by mail in the United States, with 25% of voters nationwide mailing their ballots in 2016 and 2018. The COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 means there has been an increase in mail voting because of the possible danger of large groups at polling places. For the 2020 election, a state-by-state analysis found that 76% of Americans are eligible to vote by mail in 2020, a record number. The analysis predicted that 80 million ballots could be cast by mail in 2020—more than double the number in 2016. The Postal Service sent a letter to multiple states in July 2020, warning that the service would not be able to meet the state's deadlines for requesting and casting last-minute absentee ballots.

President Trump was critical of voting by mail saying that it would make it easier for voter fraud to happen. Many people dropped their votes in voting boxes in their voting places instead of going to the polls.

On July 20, 2018, the Republican National Convention chose Charlotte, North Carolina as the site for their 2020 national convention. The convention was held between August 24 to 27. In June 2020, the convention location was moved to Jacksonville, Florida over COVID-19 health measures.

The 2020 Democratic National Convention happened in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on July 13–16, 2020.

Though Jacob Hornberger won the most primaries and received the most votes, Jo Jorgensen was chosen as the party's presidential nominee on the night of May 23, 2020, after four rounds of voting.

On December 10, 2017, the Libertarian National Committee chose Austin, Texas as the site of their 2020 national convention. The convention was going to be held there between May 22–25, 2020. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it was held through an online convention from May 22 to May 24.

The 2020 Green National Convention was held in Detroit, Michigan from July 9-12. Greenville, South Carolina and Spartanburg, South Carolina were also considered to host the convention.

Various independent candidate campaigns were on the ballot in several states, among the most notable of these are billionaire and child actor Brock Pierce and rapper Kanye West. 


Three presidential debates and one vice presidential debate were scheduled. The second presidential debate was cancelled, because Trump was ill with COVID-19. The presidential candidates still debated in the third debate.

After the election, Trump, and many of his supporters, said that he only lost because of fraud or conspiracies. In early December, only a quarter of Republicans believed that Biden was the real winner of the election. Trump did not accept Biden's win until January 7.

Trump and his lawyers filed over 40 lawsuits after the election, in Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Nevada, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. Biden won each of these states by a small number of votes. Some lawsuits said that states should not allow more time to collect ballots in the mail, and some said that voters should not be allowed to put ballots in drop boxes. Other lawsuits said that election workers did not make sure all signatures were correct. Judges rejected most of the lawsuits because they did not have evidence. The Trump campaign only won one lawsuit.

Many of the lawsuits asked states to remove thousands of votes, and others asked for the states to ignore the results of the election. In December, the Attorney General of Texas filed a lawsuit (Texas v. Pennsylvania) against Pennsylvania, Michigan, Georgia, and Wisconsin, in front of the Supreme Court. It asked the court to stop these states from certifying their votes. Over 100 Republicans in the House of Representatives supported it. However, the Supreme Court rejected it and said Texas did not have standing.

After lawsuits failed, Trump said many times that the election was "rigged". From November to January, Trump and his lawyers made phone calls to many election officials, and told them that they should not certify the votes for Biden. In the calls, they said many things which were false. On January 2, Trump called the Georgia Secretary of State and told him that Georgia (where Biden was the winner) should find more votes for Trump, so Trump could win.

On January 6-7, members of Congress counted the votes of the Electoral College. Some Republican members of Congress signed objections to the votes (they thought the votes should not be counted) from Arizona and Pennsylvania. By the end, seven Republican senators and 138 Republican representatives voted not to count these votes. Half of senators and half of the representatives must vote to throw out electoral votes. Congress has never thrown out electoral votes.

While Congress was counting the votes on January 6, Far-right terrorists broke into the US Capitol building in protest. Members of Congress hid for hours until police forced the protestors to leave.


Cory Booker

Cory Anthony Booker (born April 27, 1969) is an American politician and the junior United States Senator from New Jersey. He is a member of the U.S. Democratic Party. He has been in office since 2013. Before being senator, he served as mayor of Newark from 2006 to 2013.

His first mayoral campaign in Newark, New Jersey, against incumbent Mayor Sharpe James in 2002, was documented in the 2005 feature movie "Street Fight".

From February 2019 to January 2020, Booker unsuccessfully ran for the 2020 Democratic nomination for President of the United States.

Many news articles believe that Booker would be a popular Democratic candidate for the 2020 presidential election against Donald Trump.

On February 1, 2019, Booker launched his presidential campaign for the Democratic nomination. He ended his campaign on January 13, 2020.

His brother is Cary Booker II, named after their father Cary Booker. In 1969, his parents fought hard against racism by insisting to buy a house in an area where black people were not welcome.

He dated actress Rosario Dawson from 2019 until 2022.

In 2020, he learned that he and entertainer RuPaul are cousins; they discovered it by appearing on the TV show "Finding Your Roots".


Justin Amash

Justin A. Amash (; born April 18, 1980) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the only Libertarian member of the United States Congress. He used to be a member of the Republican Party. In January 2011, he was elected as the U.S. Representative for . He left office in 2021.

Amash chaired the Liberty Caucus and is the first and only Libertarian to hold a seat in Congress. Amash received national attention when he became the first Republican congressman to call for the impeachment of Donald Trump, a position he maintained after leaving the party.

Although it was said that he would run for Libertarian nomination for the 2020 presidential election, he chose to run for reelection to the House as an independent. On April 28, 2020, he announced the formation of an exploratory committee to seek the Libertarian presidential nomination. However, he announced that he would not run for president on May 16.

Icelandic króna

The Icelandic króna (ISK; plural krónur; "króna" means "crown") is the currency used in Iceland. The name "Icelandic crown" is sometimes used instead.

There are currently only 5 banknotes (500, 1000, 2000, 5000 and 10000 króna) and 5 coins (1, 5, 10, 50 and 100 króna) in circulation.

The Danish krone was introduced to Iceland in 1874. It replaced the earlier Danish currency, the rigsdaler. Iceland began making its own currency in 1885. The Danish krone left Iceland after the collapse of the Scandinavian Monetary Union. Iceland gained it's independence over Denmark in 1918, and the first coins were issued in 1922.

Iceland experienced hyperinflation in 1981. So the currency was revalued. This meant that the 100 old krónur (ISJ) became as valuable as 1 new króna (ISK). The new 500 krónur banknote was also put into circulation the same year. The largest banknote ever issued was a 10,000 krónur. This bill was made after the 2008–11 Icelandic financial crisis.

In 2009, the Althing voted to join the European Union. After the left-wing parties were voted out of office, the negotiation were stopped. Nowadays, most people predict that the króna will remain the Icelandic currency for a long time.

A major financial crisis hit Iceland from 2008 to 2011. It brought about a collapse of the Icelandic banking sector. The value of the Icelandic króna dropped, and it went down to around 185 ISK per 1 euro. After many of the issues were resolved, the krónur value went up to around 140 ISK per 1 euro. However, the value has not been as high as it was since before the crisis (it was at 82 ISK per 1 euro in mid-2007).

Independence Party (Iceland)

The Independence Party (Icelandic: "Sjálfstæðisflokkurinn") is a centre-right political party in Iceland. They are liberal conservatives who are eurosceptic (meaning they don't want Iceland to join the European Union). The party is the one of the largest in Iceland. It is currently tied with the most seats in the Althing. The chairman of the party is Bjarni Benediktsson and vice chairman is Þórdís Kolbrún Reykfjörð Gylfadóttir.

The party was formed in 1929 as a result of two parties merging. The newly formed party wanted Iceland to be independent. This was later achieved in 1944. From 1929 to 2009, the Independence Party was the dominant party in the Althing.

The party is economically liberal, and is against getting involved with other countries' problems. The party is mainly supported by fishermen and high-earners, particularly in Reykjavík. The party also wants Iceland to join the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).

Rare-earth magnet

Rare-earth magnets are strong permanent magnets made from alloys of rare earth elements.

Developed in the 1970s and '80s, rare-earth magnets are the strongest type of permanent magnets made. They have much stronger magnetic fields than other types such as ferrite or alnico magnets.

There are two types: neodymium magnets and samarium-cobalt magnets. Some rare-earth magnets such as Terfenol-D are magnetostrictive. They also have uses e.g. in speakers.

Rare earth magnets are extremely brittle and also vulnerable to corrosion, so they are usually plated or coated to protect them from breaking, chipping, or crumbling into powder.

Yahrzeit

Yahrzeit (Yiddish, from German, "yahr," year, plus "zeit," time) in Judaism is the yearly observance of the death of a close family member. There are a number of common customs for Jews observing a yahrzeit. These include remembering the relative, lighting memorial candles, saying special prayers, giving money to charity, and visiting the grave of the relative. 

The date of the yahrzeit is fixed by the Hebrew calendar.

Arboys-en-Bugey

Arboys-en-Bugey is a commune in the Ain department of eastern France, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. It was incorporated on 1 January 2016 by the combination of the former communes of Arbignieu and Saint-Bois.


Groslée-Saint-Benoît

Groslée-Saint-Benoît is a commune in the Ain department of east France, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. The municipality started on January 1, 2016 when two communes, Groslée and Saint-Benoît, joined together.


Walther Leisler Kiep

Walther Gottlieb Louis Leisler Kiep (5 January 1926 – 9 May 2016) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). He was a member of the Bundestag between 1965 and 1976 and again from 1980 to 1982. 

After switching to state-level politics, he served as Minister of Economy (1976–77) and Minister of Finance (1976–80) in Lower Saxony under Ernst Albrecht. In 1982, Kiep was the leading candidate for the CDU in two state elections in Hamburg. From 1971 until 1992, he was treasurer of his party at the federal level. 

Kiep died on 9 May 2016 in his home in Kronberg im Taunus in Hesse of pneumonia, aged 90.

Haut-Valromey

Haut-Valromey is a new commune in the Ain department of eastern France, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. The municipality was incorporated on January 1, 2016 and consists of the former communes of Hotonnes, Le Grand-Abergement, Le Petit-Abergement and Songieu.

It is the largest commune of the Ain department.


Gareth Gwenlan

Gareth Gwenlan OBE (26 April 1937 – 9 May 2016) was a British television producer and director. He was best known for his work on shows including "The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin", "To the Manor Born", "Only Fools and Horses", and "High Hopes". He was born in Brecon, Wales. Gwenlan was made Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2013.

Gwenlan died on 9 May 2016 in Hertfordshire, England, aged 79.

Parves-et-Nattages

Parves-et-Nattages is a commune in the Ain department of east France, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. The municipality started on January 1, 2016. The two old communes Parves and Nattages to make the new commune.


Henry Silva

Henry Silva (September 23, 1926; September 14, 2022) is an American movie and television actor. He is known for his roles as Chunjin in "The Manchurian Candidate" (1962) and as the voice of Bane in "".
Silva died on September 14, 2022, nine days before his 96th birthday, at the Motion Picture & Television Fund home in Los Angeles.

Rodrigo Duterte

Rodrigo "Rody" Roa Duterte (born March 28, 1945), nicknamed Digong, is a Filipino lawyer and politician who was the President of the Philippines from 2016 to 2022. Because of the urge of most Filipinos, he announced that he would run as a candidate for President of the Philippines on November 21, 2015. On May 9, 2016, Duterte was elected president.

He was among the longest-serving mayors in the Philippines. He had previously been a long-time mayor of Davao City from 1988 through 1998, from 2000 through 2010, and from 2013 through 2016. He was born in the city of Maasin, Leyte.

In August 2021, he announced his candidacy for Vice President of the Philippines.

In October 2021, Rodrigo Duterte announced that he was not running for vice-presidency in 2022 and would retire from political life. Instead, his daughter Sara Duterte ran and was elected vice president in a landslide victory in May 2022. His son, Sebastian Duterte, was elected as Davao City mayor.

Homeowner association

A homeowner association (HOA) is an American real estate term. It is a corporation formed by a real estate developer to market, manage, and sell homes and lots in a residential place. 

Later, after a neighborhood is settled, the term may describe a group of home owners which set rules for the neighborhood. The purpose of a home-owners association is to improve the neighborhood's image. The members of a home-owner's association hope that, by improving the image, the values of their homes will rise. If the rules are violated by home-owners, the home-owners association can force them to pay money. If they refuse, the home-owner's association can take away their houses.

The fastest growing form of housing in the United States today is "common-interest development" (CID), a category that includes various housing types. Since 1964, HOAs have become increasingly common in the United States. HOAs governed 24.8 million American homes and 62 million residents by 2010.

Phil LaMarr

Phillip LaMarr (born January 24, 1967) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for his voice roles in various animated series such "Samurai Jack", "Justice League", "Justice League Unlimited", "Futurama", "Static Shock", and "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends". He was also best known as one of the original cast members on the sketch comedy series "MADtv".

Kohl

Kohl is an ancient eye cosmetic, traditionally made by grinding stibnite (SbS). It is widely used in the Middle East, North Africa, and South Asia as eye liner, to contour and/or darken the eyelids, and as mascara for the eyelashes. It is worn mostly by women, but also by some men and children.

Kohl is very ancient, and is seen in depictions of high status women and godesses in Ancient Egypt. It has also been used in India as a cosmetic for a long time. 

The content of kohl and the recipes to prepare it vary greatly. In North Africa and Middle East, homemade kohl is often made by grinding galena (lead sulfide). In the west, soot or organic charcoal may be used instead of lead. Plant oils and the soot from various nuts, seeds, and gum resins are often added to the carbon powder. Unfortunately, the non-lead products do not give such a good result as the older, traditional varieties. Handmade, lead-based kohl continues to be popular.

Papers, Please

Papers, Please is a video game made by Lucas Pope, an indie game developer, published under his secret name 3909. It is about an immigration officer who decided who to let in and who to refuse entry to the fictional country of Arstotzka. The game was released on August 8, 2013 for Microsoft Windows and for OS X. It was released for Linux on February 12, 2014. It was released for iPad on December 12, 2014. A PlayStation Vita version was announced in August 2014, but has not come out yet.

The gameplay for "Papers, Please" revolves around an immigrations inspector's life and job. The player can allow people to enter Arstotzka or refuse them. The player can use different tools to check if the immigration papers are out of date, real or fake. The player must try to keep unwanted people out of Arstotzka, like terrorists, criminals and those with incorrect papers. The player must correctly allow and not allow people in to the country within a set amount of time. Each mistake a player makes is 5 credits off their earned money at the end of the day. The money earned at the end of the day is based on how many people have been correctly finished. The player must pay for the officer's family, food and heating. The player can choose to not pay for any of them, which results in something happening to the family.

The game has 20 possible endings.

Lucas Pope created this game, He used to work for Naughty Dog. After working on the "Uncharted" games, he left to become an indie developer. He started work on it in November 2012, but it took longer than Pope thought, and was finished in nine months. It was put on green light on April 11, 2013 and was greenlit on May 1.

"Papers, Please" has been thanked for its sense of immersion. CBC News' Jonathan Ore called "Papers, Please" a "nerve-racking sleuthing game with relentless pacing and dozens of compelling characters – all from a desk job".

Some critics however reacted badly to the paperwork gameplay. Stephanie Bendixsen from the ABC game review show "Good Game" found the game "tedious", commenting "while I found the issues that arose from the decisions you are forced to make quite interesting, I was just so bored that I just struggled to go from one day to the next. I was torn between wanting to find out more, and just wanting it all to stop."

ProSci Incorporated

ProSci is an American biotechnology company with offices located in Poway, California.

The Poway site focuses on manufacturing antibodies for use in research studies leading to diagnostics and therapy development. They specialize in producing a range of antibodies using polyclonal, monoclonal, and recombinant production techniques. ProSci has been a pioneer in the development of commercially available single domain antibodies (VHH – variable heavy chain) derived from camelid species, including llamas and alpacas.

ProSci Incorporated was co-founded in 1998 by Yu Geng, M.D. with the mission to develop neutralizing antibodies against emergent viruses. Their innovative approach using genetically engineered yeast strains and glycoproteins to mimic the HIV-1 glycan coat led to the development of neutralizing antibodies against HIV-1 glycans. 

Early in 2020, ProSci was one of only a handful of companies that had antibodies available that recognized key proteins of the SARS-CoV-2 virus. Their reagents led to key discoveries on the mechanism of entry as well as neutralization of the SARS-CoV-2 virus.  

Today, ProSci continues to offer tens of thousands of antibodies and custom antibody services to help researchers advance discoveries in the life sciences.  

Brown bear

The brown bear ("Ursus arctos") is a large bear living in much of northern Eurasia and North America. It is smaller than the polar bear, but is the largest carnivore which lives entirely on the land. 
There are several recognized subspecies.

The brown bear's range has shrunk, but it is still listed as a least concern species by the IUCN. Its total population is about 200,000. As of 2012, this and the American black bear are the only bear species not classified as threatened by the IUCN. However, many of the southern Asian subspecies are highly endangered. The smallest subspecies, the Himalayan brown bear, is critically endangered. It lives in just 2% of its former range, and poachers hunt it for its parts. The Marsican brown bear in central Italy is believed to have a population of just 30 to 40 bears.

The brown bear's main range includes parts of Russia, Central Asia, China, Canada, the United States (mostly Alaska), Scandinavia and the Carpathian region (especially Romania), Anatolia, and Caucasus. The brown bear is a national and state animal in several European countries. It is the most widely distributed of all bears. Brown bears are omnivores. Brown bears are apex predators. They eat berries, apples, honey, fish, insects, worms, nuts, grasses, leaves, carrion, rodents and rabbits. Brown bears even eat hoofed animals such as deer, moose, reindeer, bison and sheeps.

The Chain of Generations Center

The Chain of Generations Center (מרכז שרשרת הדורות - Merkaz Sharsheret HaDorot) is an "art museum" at the Western Wall Plaza in the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem beside the Western Wall which dedicated to the Jewish people history in Glasses. the "Chain of Generations Center" special exhibitions is located in a tunnel that runs several underground spaces, including works sculpted glass, light games, smoke, sound, holograms and archeological finds are. the museum was opened in 2006. 


Western Wall Tunnel

The Western Wall Tunnel (, translit.: "Minharat Hakotel") is a tunnel in Jerusalem. It expose part of the Western Wall where the prayer site ends and up to the northern end of the Wall. Most of the tunnel is located under buildings of the Muslim Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem. The open-air portion of the Western Wall is about long. Most of its original length of is underground. The tunnel allows access to the morthern part of the Wall.

In 19 BCE, King Herod doubled the area of the Temple Mount in Jerusalem. He did this by using part of the hill on the Northwest. To do this, four walls were built. The Temple Mount was expanded on top of these walls. These walls and the platform itself were still standing after the Temple was destroyed by the Romans in 70 CE.

Since that time, much of the area next to the walls has been covered and built upon.
Part of the Western Wall was still exposed after the destruction of the Temple. It became a place of Jewish prayer for a very long time.

British researchers started excavating the Western Wall in the 19th century. Charles Wilson began the excavations in 1864. This was followed by Charles Warren in 1867 - 70. Wilson found an arch. This arch is now named for him, "Wilson's Arch". It was wide. The arch is above present-day ground level. It is believed that the arch supported a bridge which connected the Temple Mount to the city during the Second Temple Period. 

After the Six-Day War, excavations began to expose more of the Western Wall. The excavations lasted almost twenty years. They found many facts about the history and geography of the Temple Mount that had not been known. The excavations were difficult. Tunnels ran below neighborhoods that were built on top of structures from the Second Temple Period. The excavations were done with the supervision of scientific and rabbinic experts. This was to ensure both the stability of the structures and to prevent damaging the historic artifacts. In 1988, the Western Wall Heritage Foundation was formed. It took over the excavation, maintenance and renovations of the Western Wall and Western Wall Plaza.


Rezső Nyers

Rezső Nyers (21 March 1923 – 22 June 2018) was a former Hungarian politician. He served as Minister of Finance of Hungary from 1960 to 1962. For a few months in 1989, he was the country's last Communist leader serving as President of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party. Nyers died on 22 June 2018 at the age of 95 after a short illness.


Uday Hussein

Uday Saddam Hussein al-Tikriti () (June 1964 – 22 July 2003) was the oldest son of Saddam Hussein, the fifth President of Iraq. He had one younger brother named Qusay Hussein. For years, people thought that Uday would become the head of Iraq after his father died. However, Uday lost this place to Qusay for several reasons: because Uday was badly injured in an assassination attempt; because his behavior was often out of control; and because his relations with his family became more and more troubled.

Uday has been accused of many crimes, including rape, murder, and torture. Uday was imprisoned several times, exiled, and received a token death sentence by his father's regime. After the United States-led invasion of Iraq in 2003, TaFk force 20 killed Uday, Qusay, and Qusay's son Mustapha during a four-hour gunfight in Mosul.

Uday was born in Tikrit, Iraq, to Saddam Hussein and Sajida Talfah. Saddam was in prison for the first three years of Uday's life.

Uday graduated from high school with very high marks. He started university at Baghdad University College of Medicine, but he only lasted three days there. After that, he moved to the College of Engineering. Uday got a degree in engineering and graduated "summa cum laude" from Baghdad University. However, some of his professors later admitted that Uday barely managed to earn passing grades in many of his classes. They said he was given the honor of "summa cum laude", and the rank of valedictorian (ranking first out of 76 students) because he was the President's son.

Many sources say that Qusay was clearly Saddam's favorite son. When Uday was in his early 20s, Saddam wrote him a letter on official presidential letterhead. A classmate of Uday's and a bodyguard both said Saddam wrote something like, "Don't be like your [mother's] father], with no morals or principles."

In 1988, Uday became even more unpopular with his father. In October 1988, Saddam had a party for Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak's wife, Suzanne. At the party, in front of all the guests, Uday murdered his father's personal valet and food taster, Kamel Hana Gegeo. Uday beat Gegeo and, according to witnesses, stabbed him with an electric carving knife. Gegeo had recently introduced Saddam to a younger woman, Samira Shahbandar, who later became Saddam's second wife. Uday thought this was an insult to his mother. He may also have feared that Saddam would make Gegeo, not Uday, his heir.

As punishment for the murder, Saddam briefly imprisoned his son and sentenced him to death. However, Uday probably served only three months in a private prison. In response to personal intervention from King Hussein of Jordan, Saddam released Uday, banishing him to Switzerland as the assistant to the Iraqi ambassador there. He was expelled by the Swiss government in 1990 after he was repeatedly arrested for fighting.

Saddam later put Uday in charge of the Iraqi Olympic Committee and the Iraq Football Association. Uday tortured Olympic athletes who failed to win. He also became the editor of the "Babel" newspaper; the general secretary of the Iraqi Union of Students; and the head of the Fedayeen Saddam. Uday seemed proud of his reputation and called himself "Abu Sarhan", an Arabic term for "wolf".

In December 1996, somebody tried to assassinate Uday. Uday was driving at the time, and he was hit by many bullets. He was permanently injured. At first, doctors thought he was paralyzed. He was evacuated to Ibn Sina Hospital. He had many surgeries, but a bullet was so close to his spinal cord that his doctors could not remove it. Eventually, he was able to walk, but not without a limp. Because of Uday's disabilities, Saddam gave Qusay more responsibility and authority, and named him as his heir apparent in 2000.

In a sign of loyalty to Saddam, Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, who was vice president of the Revolutionary Command Council, agreed to let Uday marry his daughter. But al-Douri had so much influence over Saddam that he could make Saddam promise the marriage would never be consummated. (This means his daughter would never have to have sex with Uday.) However, soon after the marriage, because of Uday's violent and out-of-control behavior, al-Douri quickly asked that his daughter be allowed to divorce Uday.

Uday loved luxury cars, especially European sports cars. He collected hundreds of these cars. According to witnesses, Uday had thousands of suits, and each suit had to match the color of the car he was driving that day. When U.S.-led military forces were about to take over Baghdad, he ordered his bodyguards to burn the cars so the United States could not take them.

In 2002, Uday opened accounts with Yahoo! and MSN Messenger. This created controversy. At the time, the United States had trade sanctions against Iraq. This meant Iraq was not allowed to use American products. By using Yahoo! and MSN Messenger, Uday was violating these trade sanctions.

Uday also built up a large video collection, which was found in his palace in 2003. Many of the videos showed him in both public and private situations.

Uday was accused of imprisoning, torturing, and even murdering athletes both men and women. As head of the Iraqi Olympic Committee, when Uday thought players did not play well enough, he ordered them to be tortured or sent to prison. According to many reports, torturers beat and caned the soles of the football players' feet. This caused severe pain without leaving visible marks on the rest of their bodies. Uday reportedly kept scorecards with written instructions on how many times each player should be beaten after a poor showing. One defector reported that jailed football players were forced to kick a concrete ball after failing to reach the 1994 FIFA World Cup finals.

Uday would insult athletes who performed below his expectations by calling them dogs and monkeys to their faces. The Iraqi national football team was seen with their heads shaved after failing to achieve a good result in a tournament in the 1980s. It was widely said that Uday ordered the shaving to punish the players.

Another defector claimed that athletes were dragged through a gravel pit and then put in a sewage tank so their wounds would become infected. After Iraq lost 4-1 to Japan in the quarterfinals of the 2000 AFC Asian Cup in Lebanon, goalkeeper Hashim Hassan, defender Abdul Jaber, and forward Qahtan Chatir were labeled guilty of loss and eventually flogged for three days by Uday's security guards.

Uday was well known for kidnapping young Iraqi girls and women from the streets in order to rape them. Uday was known to go into parties and pick out women whom he would later rape. "Time" published an article in 2003 detailing his sexual brutality.

For example, "Time" reported that in 1998, Uday kidnapped a 14-year-old girl, kept her for three days, and raped her. The girl's father kept complaining, in public, that Uday had raped his daughter. After three months, Uday sent two guards to threaten the girl's father. He also ordered the father to bring both his 14-year-old and 12-year-old daughters to Uday's next party. He told the girls' father: "Your daughters will be my girlfriends, or I'll wipe you off the face of the earth." The man obeyed, and brought both girls to the next party.

"Time" also reported that twice Uday showed up at weddings and took away the bride to rape. The first time, in the late 1990s, after Uday raped the bride, the groom shot himself in the head. The second time, in October 2002, Uday raped the bride, burned her body with acid, and killed her.

Uday was also well known for torturing anyone who disagreed with him. For example, he once beat an army officer unconscious when the man refused to allow Uday to dance with his wife. The man later died of his injuries. Uday also shot and killed an army officer who did not salute him.

Uday was reported to have his own private torture chamber. He used many different ways of torturing people, including an iron maiden.

According to a family friend who spoke to "Time" magazine:

Uday gained millions of United States dollars by running fake corporations and illegally trading with Iran (Iraq's sworn enemy). At this time, the United Nations did not allow Iraq to trade with other countries. By using fake corporations, Uday was able to get around this rule. From Iran, he was able to get almost anything he wanted.
When U.S. troops captured his mansion in Baghdad, they found a personal zoo with lions and cheetahs; an underground parking garage for his collection of luxury cars; Cuban cigars inscribed with Uday's name; and millions of dollars worth of fine wines, liquor, and heroin. They also found an HIV testing kit.

On 22 July 2003, Task Force 20 and the United States Army 101st Airborne Division raided a home in Mosul, Iraq. They surrounded Uday, Qusay, and Qusay's 14-year-old son, Mustapha. They had been told by an Iraqi that Uday and Qusay were in the home.

United States soldiers got Uday to show himself by hot-wiring Uday's Lamborghini. After Uday appeared, a gunfight started. As many as 200 American soldiers, along with OH-58 Kiowa helicopters and an A-10 "Warthog", surrounded and fired upon the house. They killed Uday, Qusay, and Qusay's son. After about four hours of battle, soldiers entered the house and found four bodies, including the Hussein brothers' bodyguard.

Dental records proved that two of the men killed in the house were Uday and Qusay, according to the United States Military. They also announced that the person who gave them the tip about where Uday and Qusay were staying would get a $30 million reward.
The United States Military released graphic pictures of the Hussein brothers' dead bodies. Many people said this was wrong. When criticized, the U.S. Military's response was to point out that these men were no ordinary combatants. The Military also said they released the pictures to prove that Uday and Qusay were dead, and that they hoped this would bring closure to the Iraqi people.

Uday was buried in a cemetery near Tikrit alongside Qusay and Mustapha Hussein. After his execution in 2006, Saddam Hussein was buried in the same cemetery.

That night, and several nights following Uday and Qusay Hussein's death, celebratory gunfire could be heard throughout Baghdad.

Uday has been portrayed in several movies and books. Latif Yahia has written three books about Uday: "I Was Saddam's Son"; "The Devil's Double"; and "The Black Hole". In these books, Yahia says he was forced to be a body double for Uday. "The Devil's Double" was made into a movie, starring Dominic Cooper as Uday. The National Geographic Channel also produced an episode of "Locked Up Abroad" that tells Lahia's story.

Uday was played by Philip Arditti in "House of Saddam."

In his book "Separation of Power", Vince Flynn describes Uday's behavior. In the book, the main character, Mitch Rapp, pretends to be Uday.


Reg Grundy

Reginald Roy "Reg" Grundy (4 August 1923 – 6 May 2016) was an Australian entrepreneur, and media and television mogul. He was one of the pioneers and most successful television businessman in Australia. He was born in Sydney.

He was also the creator of many TV hits starting with game shows like "Wheel of Fortune" and "Blankety Blanks" and later soap operas "Neighbours", "Prisoner", "Sons and Daughters" and "The Young Doctors".

Grundy died at his home in Bermuda on 6 May 2016, aged 92.

Riki Sorsa

Richard Esko "Riki" Sorsa (26 December 1952 – 9 May 2016) was a Finnish pop singer. He started his career in 1974 as the lead singer in the band The Zoo. He represented Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981 with the song "Reggae OK". 

Sorsa died of cancer on 10 May 2016, aged 63.

Anne Jules de Noailles, 2nd Duke of Noailles

Anne Jules de Noailles, 2nd Duke of Noailles (5 February 1650 - 2 October 1708) was a French nobleman from the House of Noailles. A well regarded military man of his day, he was a general under King Louis XIV of France and was later the subject of a painting by the famous court painter Hyacinthe Rigaud.

Son of Anne de Noailles and his wife, Louise Boyer, he acceded to the title of Duke of Noailles on his father's death in 1678. He was married to Marie Françoise de Bournonville, with whom he had children. One of the chief generals of France towards the end of the reign of Louis XIV, and, after raising the regiment of Noailles in 1689, he commanded in Spain during both the Nine Years' War and the War of the Spanish Succession. He was made a marshal of France in 1693. He died on October 2, 1708. 

Anne Jules de Noailles had many children


Guido van Rossum

Guido van Rossum (; born 31 January 1956) is a Dutch programmer. He is best known for making the Python programming language.

Ilkka Hanski

Ilkka Aulis Hanski (14 February 1953 – 10 May 2016) was a Finnish scientist. He worked in the field of ecology at the University of Helsinki. He is known for his research of metapopulation ecology.

Hanski died of a long-illness on 10 May 2016 at a hospital in Helsinki, aged 63.


Louis van Gasteren

Louis Alphonse van Gasteren (20 November 1922 – 10 May 2016) was a Dutch movie director, movie producer, and artist. He was born in Amsterdam. He was known for his movies "" (1983) and "De prijs van overleven" (2003). He won two Golden Calf Awards. His career began in the 1950s. At the time of his death, he was the oldest active filmmaker in the Netherlands.

Van Gasteren died in Amsterdam on 10 May 2016, aged 93.


Philippe Beaussant

Philippe Beaussant (6 May 1930 – 8 May 2016) was a French musicologist and novelist. He was expert on French baroque music. He was born in Bordeaux, France.

He was the founder of the Centre de Musique Baroque de Versailles. He was the artistic adviser of 1987 to 1996. He has also been a producer of musical programs for Radio France since 1974. He was known for writing the biography of Jean-Baptiste Lully, "Lully ou le musicien du soleil" (Éditions Gallimard, 1992). 

Beaussant won the 1993 Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française for his novel "Héloïse".

He was elected to seat 36 of the Académie française on 15 November 2007. He died in Paris on 8 May 2016, aged 86.


Motiur Rahman Nizami

Motiur Rahman Nizami (Bengali: মতিউর রহমান নিজামী; 31 March 1943 – 11 May 2016) was a Bangladeshi politician, preacher and the former leader of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami. He was the Member of Parliament of Pabna constituency from 1991 to 1996 and again from 2001 to 2006. He also served as the Bangladeshi Minister of Agriculture and Minister of Industry. He is the third minister of Bangladesh to be hanged.

On 29 October 2014 he was sentenced to death for war crimes in 1971 liberation war of Bangladesh by the International Crimes Tribunal of Bangladesh. It has been though that he was the supreme commander of the militia group Al-Badr during the Bangladesh Liberation War.

He was hanged at Dhaka Central Jail on 11 May 2016, aged 73.

Adrien Maurice de Noailles, 3rd Duke of Noailles

Adrien Maurice de Noailles, 3rd Duke of Noailles (29 September 1678 – 24 June 1766) was a French aristocrat and soldier. He also acted as the Foreign Minister of France in 1744. As a result of his efforts in war he was created a 1702, a Grandee of Spain in 1711, and a Knight of the Order of Saint-Esprit in 1724. As well as a Marshal of France in 1734 by Louis XV.

Son of Anne Jules de Noailles, Duke of Noailles on his father's death in 1708. He married Françoise Charlotte d'Aubigné, the niece and heiress of Louis XIV's wife Madame de Maintenon, with whom he had 4 daughters and 2 sons.


Gilles Lamontagne

Joseph-Georges-Gilles-Claude Lamontagne (; April 17, 1919 – June 14, 2016) was a Canadian retired politician. He served as the 24th Lieutenant Governor of Quebec from March 28, 1984 through August 9, 1990. Before, he served as Mayor of Quebec City from December 1, 1965 through December 1, 1977. He retired in 1990.

Lamontagne was born in Montreal. He fought during World War II. Lamontagne fought as a bomber pilot in the Royal Canadian Air Force. He ended his air force service in the rank of flight lieutenant in 1945. In 1949, he married Mary Schaefer. They would remain married until her death in 2006. They had four children.

In 1990, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada. In 2000, he was made a Knight of the National Order of Quebec and in 2005, a member of l'Ordre des Grands Québécois. He is an honorary member of the Royal Military College of Canada.

Lamontagne died on June 14, 2016 in Quebec City, aged 97.

Kanyakumari

Kanyakumari (); "The Virgin Princess" (also known as Cape Comorin) is a town in Kanyakumari District in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. The town is at the southern tip of Indian subcontinent. The As southernmost town in India, it is sometimes called 'The Land's End'.

Kanyakumari is a popular tourist destination in India. It is famous for its ocean sunrise, sunset and moonrise. It also has the Thiruvalluvar Statue and Vivekananda Rock Memorial off the coast. The town is a pilgrimage centre. Kanyakumari is bordered on the west, south and east by the Laccadive Sea. It has a coastal line of  stretched on the three sides.

The town is  km south of Thiruvananthapuram city. It is about south of Nagercoil, the headquarters of Kanyakumari District.

On the shores of the town is a temple dedicated to Goddess Kanyakumari (the virgin Goddess). That is how the town got its name. Kanyakumari has been a city since the Sangam period. It and has been referred to in old Malayalam literature and in the writings of Ptolemy and Marco Polo.

Petrykivka painting

Petrykivka painting is a traditional Ukrainian decorative painting. It originates from the Petrykivka village in Dnipropetrovsk oblast of Ukraine. 

In 2013 it was included to the UNESCO Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.

Pesse

Pesse is a village located in the Dutch province of Drenthe in the Netherlands. The Pesse canoe is known as the world's oldest boat is located in Pesse.

John Stabb

John Dukes Schroeder (July 12, 1961 – May 7, 2016), known professionally as John Stabb, was an American punk rock singer. He was best known as one of the founding members of the hardcore punk band Government Issue. He also sang in the bands Betty Blue, The Factory Incident, Stabb, Stain, Emma Peel, Weatherhead, and History Repeated.44

Stabb was born in Washington, D.C.. He was raised in Rockville, Maryland. While living in Rockville, he attended Colonel Zadok A. Magruder High School. Stabb occasionally acted. He was also a freelance writer for Washington City Paper and Forced Exposure.

Stabb married his long-time partner Mina Devadas on St. Patrick’s Day 2016 while he was at Holy Cross Hospital (Silver Spring). After a 112-day battle with stomach cancer, he died at a hospice in Rockville, Maryland, on May 7, 2016, at 54.


Nico de Bree

Nico de Bree (16 September 1944 – 6 May 2016) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. De Bree started his professional career at local club Elinkwijk. He moved to N.E.C. in 1966. 

After playing 204 matches for the Nijmegen club, he moved to play in Belgium and won the 1975 league title with RWDM. He won the 1978 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup with Anderlecht. He also played for Winterslag and Beerschot.

He died of cancer in Vienna on 6 May 2016, aged 71.

Gene Gutowski

Gene Gutowski, born as Witold Bardach, (July 26, 1925 in Lwów, Poland, now Ukraine – May 10, 2016 Warsaw) was a Polish-born American movie producer. He produced many of Roman Polanski's movies. He was known for producing "The Pianist", "The Fearless Vampire Killers", "Cul-de-sac". 

Gutowski died of pneumonia in Warsaw, Poland on May 10, 2016, aged 90.

Acetylcholinesterase

Acetylcholinesterase is an enzyme found in nerve synapses, including nerve-to-muscle junctions. Its function is to end transmission across a synapse.

It breaks up neurotransmitters like acetylcholine, and allows us to extend our muscles after contraction.


John Warr

John James Warr (16 July 1927 – 9 May 2016) was an English cricketer. He was a successful county player for Middlesex County Cricket Club. He played two Test matches for England. With his Test bowling average remains the worst of any retired English player. Warr was known for his sense of humour and made many humorous after dinner speeches. He was born in Ealing, Middlesex, England,

Warr died on 9 May 2016, aged 88.

John Young (baseball)

John Thomas Young (February 9, 1949 – May 8, 2016) was an American professional baseball player. He also scouted and worked in the front office. Young played in Major League Baseball for the Detroit Tigers in 1971. He founded Reviving Baseball in Inner Cities (RBI), a youth baseball program aimed at increasing participation among African Americans in baseball. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Young died in Los Angeles, California from diabetes on May 8, 2016, aged 67.

Karl Maramorosch

Karl Maramorosch (January 16, 1915 – May 9, 2016) was an Austrian-born American virologist, entomologist and plant pathologist. He was born in Vienna, and of Jewish descent. 

He got his Ph.D. at Columbia University.

He made research on viruses, mycoplasmas, rickettsiae and other micro-organisms and their transmission to plants through insect in many parts of the world. 

He was the co-author of a textbook on techniques in virology. He was the author of numerous papers on the biology and ecology of plant viruses, their hosts and vectors. He received the Wolf Prize in Agriculture in 1980 for his work to the study of crop pathogens.

Maramorosch died in Ithaca, New York on May 9, 2016, aged 101.

John Bradshaw (author)

John Elliot Bradshaw (; (June 29, 1933 – May 8, 2016) was an American educator, counselor, motivational speaker and author. He hosted a number of PBS television programs such as "". He was active in the self-help movement. He was known for creating the idea of "wounded inner child" and the dysfunctional family. His books are mainly works of popular psychology. His most popular book is "". He was born in Houston, Texas.

On May 8, 2016, Bradshaw died of heart failure in Houston at the age of 82.


Michael Ratner

Michael Ratner (1943 – May 11, 2016) was an American lawyer. He was the President Emeritus of the Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) and president of the European Center for Constitutional and Human Rights (ECCHR). Ratner was known for his human rights activism.

He was known as representing the Guantanamo Bay prisoners in the United States Supreme Court, where, in June 2004, the court decided his clients have the right to test the legality of their detentions in court.

Ratner died from complications of cancer on May 11, 2016, aged 72.

Tony Cozier

Winston Anthony Lloyd "Tony" Cozier (10 July 1940 – 11 May 2016) was a Barbadian cricket writer. He was a commentator on West Indian cricket from 1958 until his death. Cozier was described as having an "encyclopaedic" knowledge of cricket. Cozier was born in Bridgetown, Barbados. He was known for his knowledge of statistics.

Cozier died on 11 May 2016 in Bridgetown from a long-illness, aged 75.


Peter Behrens (musician)

Peter Behrens (4 September 1947 – 11 May 2016) was a German drummer and actor. He was best known for being a member of the band Trio in the early 1980s, where he played the drums. After Trio ended in 1986, and after overcoming alcoholism and a drug problem he retired.

Behrens had two children. He died on 11 May 2016 from multiple organ failure in Wilhelmshaven, Germany, aged 68.


The Destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah

The Destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah is a painting by John Martin. Martin painted it in 1852.

John Martin was famous for painting landscapes in the style of Romanticism. He painted pictures of the end of the world and events from the Bible.

"The Destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah" was the last painting that Martin finished. He completed it in 1852 and sent it to the Royal Academy. In 1853 he started to paint "The Last Judgment", "The Great Day of His Wrath", and "The Plains of Heaven", but he became sick. He died the next year.

The painting shows the destruction of the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah from the Bible. The picture shows Lot and his two daughters running from the city. Lot's wife looked back and became a pillar of salt. The painting has a red color and a storm in the sky, typical of Martin's work.

"The Destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah" is in the Laing Art Gallery in Newcastle, England.

Anne van den Ban

Anne Willem van den Ban (28 February 1928 — 7 May 2016) was a Dutch scholar. His work is on Agricultural Extension. He was born in Leeuwarderadeel. He taught on how innovations can help farmers produce more crops. He helped create many new ways for farmers to produce crops in The Netherlands. 

Van den Ban was an adviser to the Executive Council of the International Society for Extension Education (INSEE). He received a Life Time Achievement Award in September 2008 for his ""outstanding contribution in the field of Extension Education, Agricultural Development and Rural Development"". from this organization

Van den Ban died at the age of 88 on 7 May 2016 in Wageningen.

Subnautica

Subnautica is an open world survival game made by Unknown Worlds Entertainment. In the game, players gather resources and use vehicles to travel on an Ocean covered planet. Players can then craft tools from these resources, going forward in the plot as they go. It came out on Steam Early Access on December 2014, and the game officially came out for the Xbox One, Windows, MacOS, and the PlayStation 4 in 2018, with the PlayStation and Xbox versions coming out later in the year.

The player in a first-person view controls the lone survivor of a crashed ship. The objective is to explore the planet and collect resources to survive, the player must make sure to not run out of oxygen and keep fed and hydrated. The player can create bases and build vehicles. The game uses a day and night cycle.

The universe of "Subnautica" takes place in the 22nd century.

The player is the lone survivor of the crash of the Aurora on a planet designated 4546B. The Aurora is a vessel owned by the Alterra corporation. The Aurora’s primary mission was to build a high speed “Phasegate” to enable travel. Its secret mission was to locate the fate of another vessel called the Degasi, which crashed on the same planet many years prior.

After crashing into planet 4546B, the player sets out to explore unknown buildings and biomes in the ocean. While exploring planet 4546B, the player discovers an abandoned alien facility, which the player finds an abundant information about the planet. As the player finds crewman logs and alien archives, they discover the Aurora was shot down by an ancient alien quarantine facility to contain a virulent fatal bacteria known as “Kharaa”. Since the player becomes infected by Kharaa, they cannot deactivate the quarantine protocols. Eventually, the player is contacted by a telepathic being, a Sea Emperor Leviathan. The Sea Emperor explains what the Precursor aliens were attempting to do to find a cure for Kharaa. The Sea Emperor Leviathans produce an enzyme, designated “Enzyme 42”, but adults do not produce enough to be effective. The Precursors died before they could discover the required ingredients necessary to allow the hatching of young Sea Emperors.

The Sea Emperor was unable to communicate with the Precursors. Since it can communicate with Humans, it asks the player to aide it in collecting the ingredients to hatch their eggs. Once the player completes this task, the player is cured and is able to build a rocket to escape the planet, ending the game.

"Subnautica" was announced by Unknown Worlds Entertainment on December 17, 2013.

They used Unity rather then Spark which they used for Natural Selection 2.

The development team chose to not include lethal weapons in the game. Charlie Cleveland, the game's director, described "Subnautica" as "one vote towards a world with less guns,".

Ian Birnbaum of "PC Gamer" said "Subnautica" was an "underwater "Minecraft"", saying that "with an experienced developer at the helm and a limitless variety of the oceans to play with, it’s going to take a lot for "Subnautica" to go badly wrong. As the toolbox gets deeper and the shape of the end-game gets set, "Subnautica" will be a unique example of the ways survival can be tense, rewarding, and fun." Marsh Davies of "Rock, Paper, Shotgun" liked the rewarding nature of exploring the world of "Subnautica", but disliked that some of the in-game recipes were found by chance.

Louis de Noailles, 4th Duke of Noailles

Louis de Noailles, 4th Duke of Noailles (21 April 1713 in Versailles – 22 August 1793 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye) He was a member of the influential House of Noailles and was a nephew of Marie Victoire de Noailles, daughter-in-law of Louis XIV of France. He refused to emigrate during the Revolution.

Given the title of Duke of Ayen at birth he was born in Versailles and was one of six children. His father Adrien Maurice de Noailles was a distinguished military man of the reign of Louis XIV. Louis' mother was Françoise Charlotte d'Aubigné, the niece and heiress of Madame de Maintenon (Louis XIV's second "secret" wife)

On 25 February 1737 he married "Cathérine" Françoise Charlotte de Cossé, with whom he had four children



Automatic Identification System

Automatic Identification System (AIS) is a way for a ship to send data by radio to tell other ships its position. AIS was made to avoid ships colliding and make it safer to travel by sea. AIS sends messages every few seconds, and these are received other boats and by stations on land and on some satellites. A ship knows its position by using Global Positioning System (GPS). Since 2004, all ships above 300 tons and all passenger ships have to use AIS. It is now also used by many yachts and other leisure boats. 

Rockcrawling

Rock crawling is an extreme form of off-road driving. Participants use vehicles anywhere from stock to highly modified to overcome obstacles (usually rocks). In rock crawling, drivers drive highly modified four-wheel drive vehicles such as trucks, Jeeps, and "buggies" over very harsh terrain. Driving locations include boulders, mountain foothills, rock piles, mountain trails, etc.

Rock crawling is about slow-speed, careful and precise driving, and high torque generated through large gear reductions in the vehicle's drivetrain. Rock crawlers often drive up, down and across obstacles that would appear impassable. Most vehicles used to rock climb are primarily 4x4s.

Rock crawling competitions range from local events to national series. A rock crawling competition consists of obstacle courses that are about long. Each obstacle is set up with gates, similar to a ski course. Usually a spotter (person who guides the driver) helps the driver through hard obstacles. Spotters may also use a rope to help prevent a vehicle from tipping over. 

Vehicles commonly used include Jeep, Nissan Patrol, Toyota Land Cruiser, Land Rover, Ford Bronco, Suzuki Samurai, International Harvester Scout. Also, vehicles like the Mercedes Unimog due to its portal axles and greatly increased ground clearance. These vehicles are outfitted with custom parts. Power is usually not an issue, as rock crawlers typically lower their gear ratios in order to drive more slowly over obstacles without stalling the engine. These custom parts can include:
Oversized, low-pressure, knobby, mud-terrain tires are used. Most vehicles have a low-geared transfer case to make the most torque in the low speeds used for rock crawling. Suspension-wise, rock crawling vehicles sometimes have aftermarket lift kits installed, raising the chassis and increasing suspension flexibility. Highly modified rock crawling vehicles are less suitable for driving on roads and highways.

Building a dedicated rock crawler can cost a lot of money. For rock crawling competitions, getting a sponsor can help to cover some of these costs.


Nagapattinam

Nagapattinam is a town and headquarters of Nagapattinam District in Tamil Nadu state of India. One of the town which was severely hit by the 2004 tsunami. 



As Nagapattinam is nearby the sea, the main occupation of the people here is Fishing.

Anne de Noailles, 1st Duke of Noailles

Anne de Noailles, (1st) Duke of Noailles (born after 1613 - 15 February 1678) was a French noble whose two sons bought the House of Noailles to prominence at the French royal court. Prior to being created a duke in 1663, he was a count. 

A son of François de Noailles who was created the "Count of Ayen" in 1663. He was eventually created the Duke of Noailles during the reign of Louis XIV in 1663. 
13 December 1645 he married Louise Boyer with whom he had six children with;


Elisa Mainardi

Elisa Mainardi (27 July 1930 – 8 May 2016) was an Italian stage, movie and television actress. She was born in Rome. She was known for her roles in "Fellini Satyricon", "Roma", and "And the Ship Sails On". Mainardi was also known for being in movies directed by Federico Fellini.

Mainardi died in Rome, Italy on 8 May 2016, aged 85.

Prince Alexander of Yugoslavia (1924–2016)

Prince Alexander of Yugoslavia ("Aleksandar Pavlov Karađorđević"; 13 August 1924 – 12 May 2016) was the elder son of Prince Paul. His father served as Regent of Yugoslavia in the 1930s, and his wife, Princess Olga of Greece and Denmark. 

He was born in White Lodge, Richmond Park, Surrey.

Alexander married Princess Maria Pia of Savoy, daughter of King Umberto II of Italy in 1955. Alexander and Maria Pia divorced in 1967. 

On 17 February 2008, Alexander said that he did not support the declaration of independence by Kosovo.

Alexander died on 12 May 2016 in Paris, aged 91.

Joe Temperley

Joe Temperley (20 September 1929 – 11 May 2016) was a Scottish saxophonist. He has performed with many instruments but is most associated with the baritone saxophone and bass clarinet. He was born in Lochgelly, Scotland. Temperley played with The Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Orchestra, but most famously with Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra.

Temperley suffered from cancer and died on 11 May 2016 in Manhattan, New York from kidney failure.

Arrondissement of Nantua

The arrondissement of Nantua is an arrondissement of France in the Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital is the city of Nantua.

When the Ain department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Nantua was part of that original department.

It is found in the northern half of the department with an area of . It has 84,640 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Nantua is bordered to the north by the Jura department, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Gex, to the east by the Haute-Savoie department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Belley and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Bourg-en-Bresse.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Nantua, there are only 2 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Nantua (18 "communes") and Oyonnax (2 "communes"). The canton of Bellegarde-sur-Valserine has 1 "commune" in the "arrondissement" of Belley, 2 in the "arrondissement" of Gex and 11 in the "arrondissement" of Nantua; the canton of Hauteville-Lompnes has 29 "communes" in Belley and 12 in Nantua; and the canton of Pont-d'Ain has 4 "communes" in the "arrondissement" of Bourg-en-Bresse and 20 in Nantua.

The "arrondissement" of Nantua has 65 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Del Latta

Delbert Leroy "Del" Latta (March 5, 1920 – May 12, 2016) was an American politician. He served as member of the United States House of Representatives from 1959 through 1989. He was a Republican. He was born in Weston, Ohio.

Latta died in Bowling Green, Ohio on May 12, 2016, aged 96.


Claw of Archimedes

The Claw of Archimedes (also known as the "Iron Hand") was an ancient weapon. It was designed by Archimedes to defend the seaward part of Syracuse's city wall against amphibious assault. Although its exact nature is unclear, the accounts of ancient historians seem to describe it as a sort of crane equipped with a grappling hook. Apparently it was able to lift an attacking ship partly out of the water to capsize or suddenly drop it.

Bowling Green, Ohio

Bowling Green is a city in and the county seat of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The population was 30,808 at the 2020 census. It is near Toledo, Ohio. Bowling Green is the home of Bowling Green State University.

Yukio Ninagawa

Ninagawa died of pneumonia at a hospital in Tokyo on May 12, 2016, aged 80.


Muhammad Abdul Wahhab

Haji Muhammad Abdul Wahhab (, "Ḥājī Muḥammad ‘Abdul-Wahhāb"; (January 1, 1923 – November 18, 2018) was a Muslim preacher of Islam and the "Ameer" of Tablighi Jamaat in Pakistan. He played an important role in the Tablighi Jamaat movement. 

Wahhab was born in Delhi, India. He studied at Islamia College in Lahore. 

In October 2013 it was reported that Haji Abdul Wahhab was suggested to head a Loya Jirga in preparation for peace talks with the Pakistani Taliban.

Wahhab died from complications of dengue fever on November 18, 2018 at the age of 95.

Yusuf al-Qaradawi

Yusuf al-Qaradawi (; 9 September 1926 – 26 September 2022) was an Egyptian-born Qatari Islamic scholar. He spent most of his life in Doha, Qatar. He is the chairman of the International Union of Muslim Scholars.

He is best known for his programme, "al-Sharīʿa wa al-Ḥayāh" ("Sharia and Life"), broadcast on Al Jazeera, which has an audience of 60 million worldwide. He is also well known for IslamOnline, a popular website he helped found in 1997 and for which he now serves as chief religious scholar.


Catalogue of the Archbishops of Gniezno

Catalogue of the Archbishops of Gniezno is a Polish manuscript. 

Hal Riney

Hal Patrick Riney (17 July 1932 – 24 March 2008) was an American advertising executive. He was born in Seattle, Washington. He was the founder of Publicis & Hal Riney. Riney was named #30 on the "Advertising Age" 100 people of the 20th century. He was added into the Advertising Hall of Fame in 2001. He was mostly known as for narrating Ronald Reagan's 1984 re-election ads "Morning in America" and "Bear in the Woods".

Riney died at age 75 on 24 March 2008 from cancer at his home in San Francisco, California, aged 75.

Bear in the woods

A television commercial known for its opening line "There is a bear in the woods" was created for the 1984 U.S. presidential re-election campaign of Ronald Reagan. 

The commercial shows a grizzly bear wandering through a forest. The narrator of the ad, Hal Riney, talks about how the bear could be dangerous and that it would be smart to be prepared for that possibility. In the final scene a man appears and the bear takes a step back. The ad ends with a picture of Reagan and the tagline: "President Reagan: Prepared for Peace". 

The bear could have either signified with the massive inflation the United States was facing, Democratic challenger Walter Mondale or the growing tensions of the Soviet Union and the Cold War.

Reagan was elected in a massive landslide in the 1984 elections winning 49 of the 50 states.


Arrondissement of Gex

The arrondissement of Gex is an arrondissement of France in the Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital is the city of Gex. It corresponds approximately to the historical region of the Pays de Gex.

When the Ain department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Gex was not part of that original department; the "arrondissement" was created in 1815. In 1926, the "arrondissement" was eliminated but in 1933 it became again an "arrondissement" of the Ain department.

It is found in the northeastern part of the department with an area of , the smallest "arrondissement" of the department. It has 89,200 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Gex is bordered to the north and northwest by the Jura department, to the northeast and east by Switzerland, to the southeast by the Haute-Savoie department and to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Nantua.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Gex, there are 3 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Gex (7 "communes"), Saint-Genis-Pouilly (4 "communes") and Thoiry (16 "communes"). The canton of Bellegarde-sur-Valserine has 1 "commune" in the "arrondissement" of Belley, 2 in Gex and 11 in the "arrondissement" of Nantua.

The "arrondissement" of Gex has 27 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Oscar Malapitan

Oscar Malapitan (born June 14, 1955) is a Filipino politician. He is the mayor of Caloocan City since June 30, 2013. He helped to make Caloocan the most competitive city in the Philippines.

Jemaa el-Fnaa

Jemaa el-Fnaa (Arabic: ساحة جامع الفناء "saaHat jamaaʻ al-fanâʼ", also Jamaa el Fna, Djema el-Fna or Djemaa el-Fnaa) is a famous square in Old city of Marrakesh, Morocco.

On April 28, 2011 an explosion originated at the cafe "Aragana" in the square. 17 people were killed while 25 were wounded in the blast. According to local media reports, one source of the blast was a gas pipe.


Differential (mechanical device)

A differential is a mechanical device made up of several gears. It is used in almost all mechanized four-wheel vehicles. It is used to transmit the power from the driveshaft to the drive wheels. Its main function is to allow the drive wheels to turn at different rpms allowing the wheels to go around corners while still receiving power from the engine.


Obstacle course

An obstacle course is a series of obstacles a person, vehicle or team must navigate. This is usually while being timed. Obstacle courses can include running, climbing, jumping, crawling, swimming, and balanceing with the aim of testing speed and endurance. Sometimes a course involves mental tests. In an off-road obstacle course, the driver is presented with a variety of different terrain to get over, around or through.

The military/Army obstacle course is used (mostly in recruit training). The purpose is to familiarize recruits with the kind of military tactics they will use in combat. It is also for physical fitness, building teamwork, and evaluating problem solving skills. Typical courses involve obstacles the participants must climb over, crawl under, balance, hang, jump, etc. Puddles of muddy water, ropes, nets, and "no touch" restrictions are often used to make the course more difficult. 

Off-road obstacle courses may be set up with a variety of different challenging situations. More common obstacles are hills, rockcrawling gates, log crawls, and mud pits. Some include underground tunnels, balance beams and water slides. Others are for the purposes of teaching high-speed driving on unimproved roads. Features include different kinds of turns, changes in elevation, navigating high speed straightaways and maneuvering vehicles through tight S-turns (so called because from above they resemble a letter "s").


Furcula

The furcula ("little fork" in Latin) is commonly called the wishbone. It is a forked bone in birds and
some extinct dinosaurs.

It is a strut between a bird's shoulders, and connects to each of the bird's scapulae (shoulder blades). A strut is a structure which resists compression (pushing together) along its length.

It is formed by the fusion of the two clavicles (shoulder blades). In birds, its main function is to strengthen the thoracic skeleton to withstand the forces of flight.

X-ray films of starlings in flight have shown that the furcula expands when the wings are pulled downward, and snaps back as they are raised. Acting like a spring, the furcula stores some of the energy generated by contraction of the breast muscles. Then it releases the energy during the upstroke as the furcula snaps back to the normal position. This, in turn, draws the shoulders toward the midline of the body.

Surprisingly, the furcula is not essential for flying, and there are a number of birds which can fly well, but have a reduced furcula, or none at all.

Several groups of theropod dinosaurs had furculae.

Wilfredo León

Wilfredo León Venero (born 31 July 1993) is a Cuban volleyball player with Polish citizenship (since July 14, 2015), a member of Cuba men's national volleyball team in 2007–2012 and Russian club Zenit Kazan, silver medalist of the World Championship 2010, NORCECA Champion (2009, 2011), Cuban Champion (2009, 2010, 2011), Russian Champion (2015, 2016).


Bartosz Kurek

Bartosz Kamil Kurek (born 29 August 1988) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland men's national volleyball team and Japanese club JT Thunders Hiroshima, a participant of the 2012 Summer Olympics, 2009 European Champion, a gold medalist of the 2012 World League, a silver medalist of the 2011 World Cup, a bronze medalist of the 2011 World League, 2011 European Championship and 2015 World Cup, three-time Polish Champion (2009, 2010, 2011) and Italian Champion (2014).


Frans Jeppsson Wall

Frans Jeppsson Wall (born 19 December 1998), more commonly known as Frans, is a Swedish singer and songwriter. He won Melodifestivalen 2016 and will represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 in Stockholm, Sweden with the song "If I Were Sorry". He is of both English and Nigerian descent.

Eurovision Song Contest 2016

The Eurovision Song Contest 2016 was the 61st edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. It was held in Stockholm, Sweden in May 2016. Forty two countries participated, and Australia participated for the second time. The winner was Jamala with the song 1944 representing Ukraine.

People around the world watched the contest on television, and people in the participating countries could vote on their telephones for their favourite song. Each country added up their votes, and gave 1-8, 10 and 12 points to their favourite countries.

Arrondissement of Bourg-en-Bresse

The arrondissement of Bourg-en-Bresse is an arrondissement of France in the Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and the prefecture of the department, is the city of Bourg-en-Bresse.

When the Ain department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Bourg-en-Bresse was part of that original department.

It is found in the western half of the department with an area of , the largest "arrondissement" of the department. It is the "arrondissement" with more people living in it, with 354,177 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Bourg-en-Bresse is bordered to the northwest by the Saône-et-Loire department, to the northeast by the Jura department, to the west by the "arrondissements" of Nantua and Belley, and to the southwest by the Rhône department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Bourg-en-Bresse, there are 12 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement":
The canton of Lagnieu has 22 "communes" in the "arrondissement" of Belley and 4 in the "arrondissement" of Bourg-en-Bresse; and the canton of Pont-d'Ain has 4 "communes" in Bourg-en-Bresse and 20 in the "arrondissement" of Nantua.

The "arrondissement" of Bourg-en-Bresse has 201 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissements of the Ain department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Ain department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 4 arrondissements of Ain are:

Since its creation, the Ain department has had some changes:

Mustafa Badreddine

Mustafa Badreddine, (‎; 6 April 1961 – c. 12 May 2016), also known as Mustafa Badr Al Din, Mustafa Amine Badreddine, Mustafa Youssef Badreddine, Sami Issa and Elias Fouad Saab, was a Lebanese military leader. He was a member of Hezbollah. He was both the cousin and brother-in-law of late Imad Mugniyah. He was nicknamed Dhu al-Fiqar.

Badreddine escaped from the prison in 1990 during the invasion of Kuwait or the Iraqis released the imprisoned Badreddine and the others.

On 12 May 2016, it was said that Badreddine had been killed by an explosion causes by an airstrike near the Damascus International Airport. The cause and timing of which is unclear.

Rodrigo Espíndola

Rodrigo Federico Espíndola (29 July 1989 – 13 May 2016) was an Argentine professional footballer. He played for Chacarita Juniors, Racing Club and most notably Nueva Chicago. He played as a defender. He was born in Monte Grande, Argentina. He began his career in 2009.

Espíndola died on 13 May 2016 after being shot during a robbery in Monte Grande, Argentina, aged 26.

Jean François de Noailles, Marquis of Noailles

Jean François de Noailles, Marquis of Noailles 28 August 1658 - 23 June 1692) was a French nobleman and was known by his title of "Marquis of Noailles" ("marquis de Noailles") He was a member of the influential House of Noailles. He was also a ""Maréchal de camp"" 

Noailles married Marguerite Thérèse Rouillé in 1687 and had two daughters. 


École nationale supérieure de techniques avancées Bretagne

École nationale supérieure de techniques avancées Bretagne is a renowned graduate engineering school in France.

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at ENSTA Bretagne. It is in Brest.

Most of the 900 graduate engineer students at ENSTA Bretagne live in dedicated residential buildings nearby research labs and metro public transports.

Research activities at ENSTA Bretagne relate to the following topics:


Madeleine Carroll

Edith Madeleine Carroll (26 February 1906 – 2 October 1987) was an English and American actress. At the peak of her success, she (at that time) was the highest paid actress in the world. She earned just over $250,000 in 1938. She acted in movies and radio. She starred in several Alfred Hitchcock thrillers including "The 39 Steps" (1935) and "Secret Agent". She also played Gail in "Honeymoon in Bali" (1939).

Carroll was born in West Bromwich, England. She died from pancreatic cancer at age 81 in Marbella, Spain.

Gertrude Lawrence

Gertrude Lawrence (4 July 1898 – 6 September 1952) was an English actress, singer, dancer and musical theater performer. She appeared on stage in Broadway, New York City and West End, London.

Lawrence was in the children's play "Where the Rainbow Ends". She also acted in "The King and I". She won a Tony Award for that performance. In 1928–29 she starred in the stage play "Treasure Girl".

Her best-known American movie role was in "The Glass Menagerie". She played Amanda Wingfield, who had a southern American accent.

On 16 August 1952, Lawrence fainted backstage. The doctors said she was suffering from hepatitis.

Lawrence was born in London, England. She died from abdominal and liver cancer in New York City at age 54.

Roll cage

A roll cage is a specially designed protective frame built in (or sometimes around) the passenger compartment of a vehicle. Generally made of welded steel tubing, a roll cage is a safety feature in the event of a rollover or crash. Roll cages are used mainly in auto racing and off-road sports such as rockcrawling. The roll cage also stiffens and adds strength to the vehicle which improves handling. When the cage is constructed on the outside of a vehicle it is usually called an "exo-cage".

There are many different roll cage designs depending on the application. Different racing organizations have differing requirements and regulations for roll cages. A roll bar is a single bar behind the driver that provides some protection. Due to the lack of a protective top, some modern convertibles use a strong windshield frame which acts as a roll bar. Also, a roll hoop may be placed behind both front headrests.

A newer form of rollover protection, pioneered on the Mercedes-Benz R129 in 1989, are hidden roll hoops. When sensors detect the vehicle is about to roll over, the roll hoops quickly extend and lock in place. Cars that have this kind of "deployable rollover protection" system include the Peugeot 307 CC, Volvo C70, Mercedes-Benz SL 500, and Jaguar XK.

Roll bars are also used historically on row crop tractors, and roll cages are common as part of the cab on modern tractors.

A roll cage is not just steel tubing welded together. It must be designed to hold the weight of the vehicle should it roll over or land upside down. A basic roll bar usually has 4 points of contact with the vehicle chassis. A typical roll cage may be an 8-point or more design. In many cases a roll cage designed for a particular car or truck may be purchased from a professional roll cage manufacturer. Kits are available which are easier to transport and must be welded together inside the vehicle. 


Moab, Utah

Moab is a city in Grand County, in eastern Utah, United States. The population was 5,366 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat and largest city in Grand County. Moab attracts a large number of tourists every year. Many come to visit the nearby Arches and Canyonlands National Parks. The town is a popular base for mountain bikers who ride the large number of trails. It also attracts many off-roaders who come for the annual Easter Jeep Safari.

The Biblical name Moab refers to an area of land located on the eastern side of the Jordan River. Some historians believe the city in Utah came to use this name because of William Pierce, the first postmaster. He believed that the biblical Moab and this part of Utah were both "the far country". However, others believe the name has Paiute origins, referring to the word "moapa" meaning mosquito. Some of the area's early residents attempted to change the city's name because in the Christian Bible, Moabites are demeaned as being incestuous and idolatrous. One petition in 1890 had 59 signatures and requested a name change to Vina. Another effort attempted to change the name to Uvadalia. Both attempts failed.

During the period between 1829 and the early 1850s, the area around what is now Moab served as the Colorado River crossing along the Old Spanish Trail. Latter-day Saint settlers attempted to establish a trading post at the river crossing called "Elk Mountain Mission" in April 1855. The purpose was to trade with travellers attempting to cross the river. Forty men were called on this mission. There were repeated attacks by Native Americans, including one on September 23, 1855 in which James Hunt, companion to Peter Stubbs, was shot and killed. After this last attack, the fort was abandoned. A new round of settlers established a permanent settlement in 1878. Moab was incorporated as a town on December 20, 1902.

In 1883 the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad main line was built across eastern Utah. The rail line did not pass through Moab. Instead, it passed through the nearby towns of Thompson Springs and Cisco, to the north. Later, other places to cross the Colorado were constructed, such as Lee's Ferry, Navajo Bridge and Boulder Dam. These changes shifted the trade routes away from Moab. Moab farmers and merchants had to adapt from trading with passing travelers to shipping their goods to distant markets. Soon Moab's origins as one of the few natural crossings of the Colorado River were forgotten. Nevertheless, the U.S. military deemed the bridge over the Colorado River at Moab important enough to place it under guard as late as World War II.

In 1943, a former Civilian Conservation Corps camp outside Moab was used to confine Japanese American internees labeled "troublemakers" by authorities in the War Relocation Authority. The Moab Isolation Center for "noncompliant" Japanese Americans was created in response to growing resistance to WRA policies within the camps. A December 1942 clash between guards and inmates known as the "Manzanar Riot," in which two were killed and ten injured, was the final push. On January 11, 1943, the sixteen men who had initiated the two-day protests were transferred to Moab from the town jails where they had been locked up (without charges or access to hearings) after the Riot. Having closed just fifteen months prior, all 18 military-style structures of the CCC camp were in good condition. The site was converted to its new use with minimal renovation. 150 military police guarded the camp, and director Raymond Best and head of security Francis Frederick presided over the administration. On February 18, thirteen transfers from Gila River, Arizona were brought to Moab, and six days later, ten more arrived from Manzanar. An additional fifteen Tule Lake inmates were transferred on April 2. Most of these new arrivals were removed from the general camp population because of their resisting internment policies. The Moab Isolation Center remained open until April 27, when most of its inmates were taken by bus to the larger and more secure Leupp Isolation Center. In 1994, the "Dalton Wells CCC Camp/Moab Relocation Center" was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Even though no historical marker exists on the site, an information plaque at the current site entrance and a photograph on display at the Dan O'Laurie Museum in Moab mention the former isolation center.

Moab's economy was originally based on agriculture, but gradually shifted to mining. Uranium and vanadium were discovered in the area in the 1910s and 1920s. Potash and manganese came next, and then oil and natural gas were discovered. In the 1950s Moab became the so-called "Uranium Capital of the World" after geologist Charles Steen found a rich deposit of uranium ore south of the city. This discovery came at about the same time as nuclear weapons and nuclear power in the United States began to be developed. With these later discoveries Moab became prosperous.

The city population grew nearly 500% over the next few years, bringing the population to near 6,000 people. The explosion in population caused much construction of houses and schools. Charles Steen donated a great deal of money and land to create new houses and churches in Moab.

With the winding down of the Cold War, Moab's uranium boom was over. The city's population drastically went down. By the early 1980s a number of homes stood empty and nearly all of the uranium mines had closed.

In 1949, Western movie director John Ford was persuaded to use the area for the movie "Wagon Master". Ford had been using the area in Monument Valley around Mexican Hat, Utah, south of Moab. This is where he filmed "Stagecoach" there 10 years earlier in 1939. A local Moab rancher (George White) found Ford and persuaded him to come take a look at Moab. There have been numerous movies filmed in the area since then, using Arches National Park and Canyonlands National Park as backdrops.

Since the 1970s, tourism has played an increasing role in the local economy. Partly due to the John Ford movies, partly due to magazine articles, the area has become a favorite of photographers, rafters, hikers, rock climbers, and most recently mountain bikers. Moab is also an increasingly popular destination for four-wheelers as well as for BASE jumpers and those rigging highlining, who are allowed to practice their sport in the area. About 16 miles south of Moab is the "Hole N' The Rock", a 5,000 square foot 14 room home carved into a rock wall which "National Geographic" has ranked as one of the top 10 roadside attractions in the United States. Moab's population swells temporarily in the spring and summer months with the arrival of numerous people employed seasonally in the outdoor recreation and tourism industries.

In recent years Moab has experienced a surge of second-home owners. The relatively mild winters and enjoyable summers have attracted many people to build such homes throughout the area. In a situation mirroring that of other resort towns in the American West, controversy has arisen over these new residents and their houses, which in many cases remain unoccupied for most of the year. Many Moab citizens are concerned that the town is seeing changes similar to those experienced in Vail and Aspen in neighboring Colorado. These include rapidly rising property values, an increase in the cost of living, and the effects felt by local low- and middle-income workers.

"Sunset Magazine"s March 2009 issue listed Moab as one of the "20 best small towns in the West," a distinction corroborated by similar articles in other magazines.

Since 2011 Moab has hosted an LGBT Pride festival. The first festival included a march which drew more than 350 people. The second year's festival had over 600 in attendance.

Moab has an arid climate characterized by hot summers and chilly winters. Precipitation is evenly spread over the year (usually less than one inch per month). There are an average of 41 days with temperatures reaching , 109 days reaching , and 3.6 days per winter where the temperature remains at or below freezing. The highest temperature was on July 7, 1989. The lowest temperature was on January 22, 1930.

Average annual precipitation in Moab is . There are an average of 55 days annually with measurable precipitation. The wettest year was 1983 with and the driest year was 1898 with . The most precipitation in one month was in July 1918. The most precipitation in 24 hours was on July 23, 1983.

Average seasonal snowfall for 1981–2011 is . The most snow in a season was during 1914–15, but the snowiest month is December 1915 at .

Grand County, Utah

Grand County is a county located in the U.S. state of Utah. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,669. Its county seat and largest city is Moab. The county was named for the Colorado River, which at the time of statehood was known as the Grand River. It is west from the Colorado state line.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water. The Green River forms the western boundary and Colorado lies on the eastern boundary. The Colorado River flows through the southeast corner. Deserts, cliffs and plateaus make up the scenery, with few settlements apart from the city of Moab, a Colorado River oasis. Arches National Park lies in the southern part of the county, just north of Moab. Also, the northernmost extension of Canyonlands National Park lies in the southwest corner of the county.



As of the census of 2000, there were 8,485 people, 3,434 households, and 2,170 families residing in the county. The population density was 2 people per square mile (1/km²). There were 4,062 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (0/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 92.65% White, 0.25% Black or African American, 3.85% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 1.66% from other races, and 1.32% from two or more races. 5.55% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 3,434 households out of which 29.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them. In addition, 48.60% were married couples living together, 10.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.80% were non-families. 29.50% of all households were made up of individuals and 9.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the county, the population was spread out with 26.90% under the age of 18, 8.20% from 18 to 24, 27.90% from 25 to 44, 24.50% from 45 to 64, and 12.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 96.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.10 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $32,387, and the median income for a family was $39,095. Males had a median income of $31,000 versus $21,769 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,356. About 10.90% of families and 14.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.20% of those under age 18 and 8.40% of those age 65 or over.

Fab Morvan

Fabrice "Fab" Morvan (born 14 May 1966) is a French singer-songwriter, dancer and model. He was half of pop duo Milli Vanilli, with Rob Pilatus. The duo sold multi-platinum albums around the world. But in the early 1990s, he and Pilatus were involved in one of the largest scandals in the history of pop music. It was revealed that neither he nor Pilatus really sang on any of Milli Vanilli's music whatsoever, but were lip synching.

After the scandal, the duo got themselves back together as Rob & Fab, though with limited success. Pilatus died of an overdose in 1998. Morvan had a solo comeback in the 2000s, with his album "Love Revolution".

Morvan was born in Paris, France.

Easter Jeep Safari

The Easter Jeep Safari is an annual event hosted by the Red Rock 4-Wheelers off-road club. Four-wheelers come from all parts of the United States and other countries to challenge the rough terrain of the backcountry in the Moab, Utah area. While the title does say it is a festival of Jeeps, there are no restrictions on vehicle make or models used. However, all vehicles are expected to have high ground clearance Four-wheel drive vehicles with two-speed transfer cases. No ATV's or UTV's are allowed. The Easter Weekend safari lasts for nine days, going through Easter Sunday.

When going 4-wheeling, people can either go alone, or join up in a group. Groups usually meet up early in the day, at a certain location in the city. First waivers are signed and collected, then the drivers are given instruction and told to comply with any and all Bureau of Land Management regulations (i.e. stay on the trail, avoid walking on protected soil, etc.). Groups will then head out to the trails for the day. Once a group arrives at a trail, they will partially deflate ("air down") their tires to get better traction on sand or slick rock. Once the air down is completed they will begin through the trail and depending on the trail and the number of stops, it can take anywhere from a few hours to all day.

Many groups do radio introductions, over the CB radio, where a person (often the driver) will introduce his/her self and any passengers in the car. They may also tell if they have driven the trail before, or if it's their first time. When a group approaches a really difficult obstacle, a few will get out and act as a spotter to ensure everyone makes it up or down safely.

Groups will usually stop around noon or 1:00 P.M. for a lunch break. Drivers and passengers usually chat, take pictures, or do some work on their Jeep/4X4 vehicle. Once lunch is completed they will take off again.

Trails rank from easy to difficult (1 through 5). The classification system is the same used in skiing: Circle is Easy, Square is Moderate, and Diamond is Hard. Many trails have several obstacles to get through. Some of the most famous are "Kenny's Climb", and "White Knuckle Hill". Many involve rockcrawling.

The Event is often attended by media representatives who cover outdoor and recreation events including representatives from Jeep. The Moab variant of the Jeep Wrangler
is named after Moab, UT.

Some trails, specifically the higher difficulty ones can be dangerous for inexperienced drivers, especially if they try to go alone. A basic rule for driving off-road is to never travel alone. Traveling in groups of two or more vehicles makes it more certain at least one vehicle can get back for help. Those who do venture out into the backcountry alone should have good communications (two-way radio, mobile phone or satellite device). Inexperienced groups are advised to bring a spotter along on the more difficult trails to avoid injuries and rollovers.


Christy O'Connor Snr

Christy O'Connor (21 December 1924 – 14 May 2016) was an Irish professional golfer. He was one of the leading golfers on the British and Irish circuit from the mid-1950s. He was born in Galway, Ireland. O'Connor won over 20 important British and Irish tournaments and finished in the top 10 in the Open Championship 10 times. 

In team events he played in 10 successive Ryder Cup matches and played in 15 Canada Cup/World Cup matches for Ireland, winning the Canada Cup in 1958 in partnership with Harry Bradshaw. His nephew was golfer Christy O'Connor Jnr who died in January 2016.

O'Connor Snr died at the age of 91 in a hospital in Dublin, on 14 May 2016.

Darwyn Cooke

Darwyn Cooke (November 16, 1962 – May 14, 2016) was a Canadian comic book writer, artist, cartoonist and animator. He was born in Toronto, Ontario. He was known for his work on the comic books "Catwoman", "", "The Spirit" and "". 

Cooke died at his home in Florida after suffering from lung cancer on May 14, 2016, aged 53.

Unknown Worlds Entertainment

Unknown Worlds Entertainment is an independent game development company. It is based in San Francisco, California. The company wants to "unite the world through play". They are best known for "Natural Selection".

Unknown Worlds was created in 2001. They started development of a free mod Natural Selection.

They decided to create the second game "Natural Selection 2". They soon after officially created Unknown Worlds Entertainment. To help raise money for "Natural Selection 2", they created "Zen of Sudoku" in November 2006. Soon after, a small group of investors backed the project after a meeting at GDC in San Francisco.

In October 2006, Max McGuire became the first employee. He became the Technical Director. A year later, they released "Decoda", a commercial debugger. The studio later switched from the Source Engine to their own engine, which was named "Evolution". It was later changed to "Spark" because "Evolution" was already being used.

In June 2008, Cory Strader was hired as an art director. In May 2009, Unknown Worlds started to accept pre-orders for the game. "Natural Selection 2" was released on October 31, 2012.

On December 17, 2013, they announced "Subnautica". Charlie Cleveland was the game director and lead gameplay. Hugh Jeremy was the producer. They decided to switch to the Unity game engine. It was released on Steam Early Access on December 16, 2014. It is planned for Xbox One. It was released in August 2016.

In October 2021, South Korean video game developer Krafton announced that it would acquire Unknown Worlds and continue to operate as an independent game studio. 


"Natural Selection"
"Natural Selection 2"

Lasse Mårtenson

Lars Anders Fredrik "Lasse" Mårtenson (24 September 1934 – 14 May 2016) was a Finnish singer, composer, actor and theater conductor. He was born in Helsinki. He performed at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1964 with the song "Laiskotellen" ("Idling").

Mårtenson died of a cerebral haemorrhage, aged 81.

Spotting (off-road)

In Off-roading a Spotter is the second set of eyes to help a driver navigate difficult obstacles. Spotters are usually in front of the vehicle and use voice commands along with hand signals to indicate which way to turn the wheels and whether to go forward or backward. When the driver cannot see what is directly in front of his or her wheels, it can make the difference between getting through or damaging the vehicle.



If spectators are giving the driver signals or shouting commands or advice, the spotter should step in and take control of the situation. Otherwise the driver will not know who's advice to follow. Other signals may be used as well as long as they are agreed to by both the driver and spotter.

If a vehicle gets into a situation where one or more wheels are "hanging air" (off the ground and have no traction), the spotter may try to re-balance the vehicle. The most dangerous way is to hang on the side of the vehicle using the spotter's weight to bring it back down. Here the spotter is acting as a 'Rock surfer'. A much safer method is to use straps or ropes to bring the wheel or wheels down to earth again.

The spotter may be the agreed-on person to handle the winch line. Here again, clear signals between the spotter and driver need to be maintained in order to keep everyone safe. 


Monomial

In mathematics, a monomial is a polynomial which has only one term. A monomial cannot have a variable for a denominator.

Saruê

Saruê is a mammal animal, of the Opossum family, existing in northeastern Brazil.

Cho Bong-am

Cho Bong-am (, 25 September 1898 – 31 July 1959) was a South Korean independence activist and politician. He was the first Agriculture Minister of South Korea, 1948 - 1949.


Nouvelle-Aquitaine

Nouvelle-Aquitaine () is one of the administrative regions of France. Its capital is Bordeaux. By land area, it is the largest region of France.

It is in the southwest of France formed in 2014 by three old regions: Aquitaine, Limousin and Poitou-Charentes. "Aquitaine-Limousin-Poitou-Charentes" was the temporary name for the region.

The Nouvelle-Aquitaine region is the largest region of France with an area of . It is in southwestern France and borders to the northwest with the Pays de la Loire region, to the north with the Centre-Val de Loire region, to the east with the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, to the southwest with the Occitanie region and to the south with Spain.

The Nouvelle-Aquitaine has about of coast along the Atlantic Ocean.

The distances from Bordeaux, the capital of the region, to other cities are:


The only main drainage basin in the region is the Atlantic basin; some of the rivers in region, from south to north, are:

The territory of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region is formed mostly by large plains and low plateaus ( high). In the northern part of the region, the highest point is Mont Bessou with an elevation of , in the Massif Central. In the southern part of the region, there are higher mountains in the Pyrenees.

The Pic Palas (), at , is the highest mountain of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It is in the Pyrenees mountain range of southern Pyrénées-Atlantiques.

The highest point of the different departments in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region are:
The Nouvelle-Aquitaine region is formed by 12 departments:

"Arr." = Arrondissements          "Cant." = Cantons          "Comm." = Communes
The Nouvelle-Aquitaine region had, in 2014, a population of 5,879,144, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The main cities with more than 30,000 inhabitants (2014) in the region are:



Grand Est

Grand Est (; Alsatian: "Grossa Oschta"; Moselle Franconian/; Rhine Franconian: "Groß Oschte"; ; ) is an administrative region in northeastern France. It was made from three former administrative regions, Alsace, Champagne-Ardenne, and Lorraine, on 1 January 2016 under the short-lived name of Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine (ACAL or ALCA) because of territorial reform which had been passed by the French law in 2014. The region sits along three water basins (Seine, Meuse and Rhine), spanning an area of , the 5th largest in France, and includes two mountain ranges (Vosges and Ardennes). It shares borders with Belgium, Luxembourg, Germany, and Switzerland, and stands partly within the European Megalopolis. The administrative capital and largest city, by far, is Strasbourg. The East of France has a interesting culture. It is between the Latin and Germanic areas, so many different languages spoken there (Alsatian, Champenois, Lorraine Franconian etc.). Most of today's Grand Est region was thought to be "Eastern" as early as the 8th century, when it owned the southern part of the Francian territory of Austrasia. The city of Reims , would later play a ceremonial role in French history as the traditional site of the coronation of the kings of France. The Champagne fairs played an important part in the economy of medieval Europe as well. Alsace and Lorraine did well in the influence of the Holy Roman Empire for most of the Middle Ages and Renaissance. The region is home to traditions (the celebration of Saint Nicholas Day, Christmas markets, or traditions involving the Easter hare in Alsace and Lorraine). Alsace-Moselle has to follow local law for historical reasons. With a long industrial history as well and its agriculture and tourism (arts, cuisine, sightseeing etc.), the East of France has one of the largest economic production levels in the country.

"Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine" was the old name for the region.

Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes

Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes (Franco-Provençal: "Ôvèrgne-Rôno-Ârpes"; ) is an administrative region of France that was created on 1 January 2016 from the former French regions Auvergne and Rhône-Alpes. It is in the central and eastern parts of southern France.

Its capital is the city of Lyon.

The Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region is the third largest region of Metropolitan France, after Nouvelle-Aquitaine and Occitanie, with an area of . It borders five French administrative regions: Bourgogne-Franche-Comté to the north, Centre-Val de Loire to the northwest, Nouvelle-Aquitaine to the west, Occitanie to the southwest and Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur to the southeast. It also borders two countries: Italy to the east and Switzerland to the northeast.

The region has the Massif Central to the east and the Alps to the east, with the valley of the Rhône river between them. Half of the Ain department is occupied by the Jura Mountains.

The extreme points for the region are in the "communes":

Its capital, Lyon, is at to the southwest of Paris, the national capital, at to the northwest of Marseille and at to the west of Bordeaux.

The distances from the different departmental capitals to Lyon, the regional capital, are:


There are two main drainage basin in the region; some rivers in those basins are:
The Mont Blanc (), at , is the highest mountain of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, France, Italy and of Western Europe.

The highest points in the different departments of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region are:

The Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region is formed by 13 departments:

"Arr." = Arrondissements          "Cant." = Cantons          "Comm." = Communes
The Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region had a population, in 2014, of 7,820,966, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The department with more people living in it is Rhône with 1,801,885 inhabitants.

The main cities in the region are:



Bourgogne-Franche-Comté

Bourgogne-Franche-Comté (meaning "Burgundy–Free County") is one of the administrative regions of France. It is in eastern France and was formed in 2016 from two old regions: Bourgogne and Franche-Comté.

Its capital is Besançon.

The Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region is the sixth largest region of France with an area of . It is in northeastern France and borders to the north with the Grand Est region, to the west with Île-de-France and Centre-Val de Loire regions, to the south with the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, and to the east with Switzerland (the cantons of Vaud, Neuchâtel and Jura).

The distances from Besançon, the capital of the region, to other cities are:

The main rivers in the region are the Saône and its tributary the Doubs. The Loire river flows through the southwest of the region, at Nevers. The Seine river starts in the Côte-d'Or department.

There are three main mountain ranges in the region:

The Crêt Pela (), at , is the highest mountain of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It is in the Jura mountain range.

The highest point of the different departments in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region are:
The Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region is formed by 8 departments:

"Arr." = Arrondissements          "Cant." = Cantons          "Comm." = Communes
The Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region had, in 2014, a population of 2,820,623, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The department with more people living in it is Saône-et-Loire with 555,788 inhabitants.

After the Territoire de Belfort, the smallest department in the region, Doubs is the department with highest population density (102 inhabitants/km). The density in the other departments is lower.



Occitanie

Occitanie (, ) is an administrative region of France. It was created on 1 January 2016 from the former French regions Languedoc-Roussillon and Midi-Pyrénées. 

The name in French, Occitanie, was approved as the new name of the region on 28 September 2016.

The new Occitanie Region is the main part of a wider cultural entity known as Occitania. This wider region once included part of Spain (Aran Valley), and Monaco, and parts of Italy (the Occitan Valleys and Guardia Piemontese). This wider area used to speak Occitan as their first language.

The Occitanie region is the third largest region of France, after Nouvelle-Aquitaine and French Guiana, and the second of Metropolitan France with an area of . It is in southern France (the "Midi") and borders to the south with Spain and Andorra; it also borders three French regions: Nouvelle-Aquitaine to the west, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes to the north, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur to the east. The Mediterranean Sea is to the southeast.

Its capital, Toulouse, is at to the southwest of Paris, the national capital, at to the west of Marseille, at to the southeast of Bordeaux and at to the north of Barcelona (Spain).

There are two main drainage basin in the region; some rivers in those basins are:


The Pic Vignemale (), at , is the highest mountain of the Occitanie region; it is on the border with Spain. It is in the Pyrénées National Park.

The highest point of the different departments of the Occitanie region are:
The Occitanie region is formed by 13 departments:

"Arr." = Arrondissements          "Cant." = Cantons          "Comm." = Communes
The Occitanie region had a population, in 2014, of 5,730,753, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The important cities with more than 20,000 inhabitants (2014) in the region are:



Hauts-de-France

Hauts-de-France is an administrative region of France. It was created in 2016. It was created by combining the former regions of Nord-Pas-de-Calais and Picardy. .The capital of the région is Lille.

"Nord-Pas-de-Calais-Picardy" was the temporary name for the region.

Jamala

Susana Dzhamaladinova (born 27 August 1983), better known by her stage name Jamala, is a Ukrainian singer who won the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 with the song "1944". She was awarded "People's Artist of Ukraine" by President Petro Poroshenko.

In 2010, she released her first single "You Are Made of Love". In 2016, Jamala's song "1944" won the Ukrainian song selection for Eurovision. She went on to win Eurovision 2016 with "1944". The song is about the deportation of the Crimean Tatars, including her family, in 1944. Since 2017, Jamala has been one of the jurors on "Vidbir" and has made several television appearances. 

Susana Dzhamaladinova was born on August 27, 1983 in the Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic (now Kyrgyzstan) Her father was a Muslim Crimean Tatar and her mother was Armenian. 

Her Crimean Tatar ancestors were deported from Crimea to Central Asia under Joseph Stalin's government during World War II. In 1989 her family returned to Crimea.

In 2017, Jamala married Bekir Suleimanov. They have two children together. In February 2022, Jamala and her children left Ukraine due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

World War I Memorial Cemetery (Russia)

The Memorial Park Complex of the Heroes of the First World War is a cemetery in Moscow, Russia. The cemetery opened in 1915 but was demolished during the Soviet period in 1932. In 2004 the new memorial park was built on the land of the former cemetery.

Madeleine LeBeau

Marie Madeleine Berthe LeBeau (10 June 1923 – 1 May 2016) was a French movie actress. She was known for her roles in "Hold Back the Dawn", "Gentleman Jim", "Casablanca", "Paris After Dark", and "8½".

LeBeau died on 1 May 2016 in Estepona, Spain, after breaking her femur in a fall, aged 92.

Julius La Rosa

Julius La Rosa (January 2, 1930 – May 12, 2016) was an American traditional pop music singer. La Rosa was born in Brooklyn, New York. He worked in both radio and television beginning in the 1950s. He was known for his songs "Anywhere I Wander", "Manhattan", and "Eh, Cumpari". 

LaRosa died of natural causes on May 12, 2016 at his home in Crivitz, Wisconsin, aged 86.


Balázs Birtalan

Balázs Birtalan (October 12, 1969. – May 14, 2016) was a Hungarian author, poet, publicist, psychotherapist and activist. He was mostly known for his activism in the gay Christian movement in Hungary. He was the son of the poet Ferenc Birtalan. He was born in Budapest. He was gay.

Birtalan died on May 14, 2016, aged 46.

Baba Hardev Singh

Baba Hardev Singh (also known as Nirankari Baba; 23 February 1954 – 13 May 2016) was an Indian spiritual guru. He was the chief leader of the Sant Nirankari Mission from 1980 until his death in 2016. He was born in Delhi. 

Singh died on 13 May 2016 in a car accident near Montreal, Canada, aged 62.

Tony Barrow

Anthony F. J. "Tony" Barrow (11 May 1936 – 14 May 2016) was an English press officer. He worked with the Beatles between 1962 and 1968. He created the phrase "the Fab Four", first using it in an early press release. He was born in Crosby, Lancashire.

Barrow died on 14 May 2016 at his home in Morecambe, Lancashire, aged 80.

Monteagle Stearns

Monteagle "Monty" Stearns (December 5, 1924 – May 14, 2016) was an American diplomat. He was the former Ambassador to Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) (1976–79) and Greece (1981–85). He worked for Presidents Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan. Stearns was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He was a member of the American Academy of Diplomacy and Council on Foreign Relations.

Stearns died on May 14, 2016 in Belmont, Massachusetts at the age of 91.

Thank You (Meghan Trainor album)

Thank You is the second major-label studio album by American singer-songwriter Meghan Trainor. The album was released exclusively on Apple Music on May 6, 2016, and was fully released on May 13, 2016, through Epic Records.


Francesco Filippini

Francesco Filippini (18 September 1853 – 6 March 1895) was an Italian painter from Lombardy. Filippini is considered one of the most important landscape painters of the 1900s.

Filippini was born in Brescia, in Lombardy in northern Italy, on 18 September 1853, into a poor family. His father Lorenzo was a carpenter, his mother Silvia Signoria a seamstress. He was soon sent to work, first as a waiter in a pastry shop, later as a clerk to a notary.

Filippini attended the school of drawing at the Pinacoteca Tosio in Brescia, In 1872 he received a grant from the city council to continue his studies there. In 1875 he received an allowance to study under Giuseppe Bertini in Milan. In 1879 another grant allowed him to travel to Paris to visit the Salon, the official art exhibition of the French Fine Arts Academy.

Filippini exhibited at the annual shows of the Accademia di Belle Arti di Brera in Milan from 1879, and from 1880 lived in that city. He made his living by teaching, both in schools and privately. He was made an honorary member of the Accademia di Brera in 1878.

He died in Milan on 6 March 1895.

When he was young, Filipinni painted mostly religious or historical subjects, as well as some portraits. In later life he painted mostly landscapes – of the Apennines, the Lombardy countryside and the Alps. He also made paintings of the sea near Genova, Naples and Venice. His work shows the influence of the Scapigliatura.

A selection of works: 




Goosebumps (movie)

Goosebumps is a 2015 American fantasy horror comedy movie. It was based on the children's book series of the same name by R.L. Stine. It is directed by Rob Letterman and produced by Deborah Forte and Neal H. Moritz. It was written by Darren Lemke with music by Danny Elfman. It was made by Columbia Pictures and Sony Animated Pictures.

The movie stars Jack Black, Dylan Minnette, Odeya Rush, Amy Ryan, Halston Sage, Ryan Lee, and Jillian Bell. It was filmed in Atlanta, Georgia. The movie is set in present-day Delaware. It was released on October 16, 2015 to mostly positive reviews. It earned $156 million.

It received nominations for the Las Vegas Film Critics Society for Best Family Film and the Visual Effects Society for Outstanding Visual Effects in a Special Venue Project.

On September 2, 2015, it was reported that a sequel was in the works. was released on October 12, 2018.

Dylan Minnette as Zach Cooper

Jack Black as R.L. Stine

Odeya Rush as Hannah Fairchild.

Amy Ryan as Gale Cooper

Ryan Lee as Champ

Jillian Bell as Lorraine Conyers

Halston Sage as Taylor

Ken Marino as Coach Carr


North Louisiana

North Louisiana, also known locally as Sportsman's Paradise, (a name sometimes attributed to the state as a whole) is a region in the U.S. state of Louisiana. The region has two metropolitan areas: Shreveport-Bossier City and Monroe-West Monroe; the Shreveport area is the largest metropolitan area by population in North Louisiana.

Central Louisiana

Central Louisiana (Cenla), also known as the Crossroads, is the region of the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Central Louisiana consists of the following 10 parishes:

Acadiana

Acadiana (French and Louisiana French: "L'Acadiane") is the official name given to the French Louisiana region that has historically contained much of the state's Francophone population. Many are of Acadian descent and now identify as Cajuns or Louisiana Creoles. Of the 64 parishes that make up the U.S. state of Louisiana, 22 named parishes and other parishes of similar cultural environment make up this intrastate region.

McNeese State University

McNeese State University is a university in Lake Charles, Louisiana, United States. 
It was established by the Louisiana Legislature in 1938 and opened its doors for its first fall session on September 11, 1939, with 140 students and just three buildings. The institution was first named the Lake Charles Junior College and was part of Louisiana State University. The following fall, the school changed its name to John McNeese Junior College to honor John McNeese, a renowned Southwest Louisiana educator and the first superintendent of schools in Imperial Calcasieu Parish. In 1950, McNeese became a four-year college in its own right and came under the authority of the Louisiana Board of Education and would receive accreditation in 1954 by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges. Finally, in 1970, McNeese State University became the official name of the institution.

Charles Wheeler (politician)

Charles Bertan Wheeler, Jr. (born August 10, 1926) was an American politician. He was a Missouri state senator and a mayor of Kansas City, Missouri from 1971 to 1979, in addition to having held other elected offices.

On March 28, 2016, Wheeler filed to for Governor. He placed third in the primary with 7.9 percent in an election won by Chris Koster who had 78.08 percent of the vote.

He died on October 26, 2022 in Overland Park, Kansas at the age of 96.

Gilberto Gil

Gilberto Passos Gil Moreira (born 26 June 1942), better known as Gilberto Gil (), is a Brazilian singer, guitarist, and songwriter. He is known for both his musical innovation and political commitment. 

From 2003 to 2008, he served as Brazil's Minister of Culture.


Rick MacLeish

Richard George "Rick" MacLeish (January 3, 1950 – May 30, 2016) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward.

He played 14 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Philadelphia Flyers, Hartford Whalers, Pittsburgh Penguins, and Detroit Red Wings. He played 12 seasons in Philadelphia, winning two Stanley Cups with the Flyers in 1974 and 1975.

On May 11, 2016, MacLeish was hospitalized for meningitis. He died at a hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from kidney and liver failure as a result of meningitis on May 30, 2016, aged 66.

Juliette Gréco

Juliette Gréco (; 7 February 1927 – 23 September 2020) was a French actress and popular chanson singer. 

In 1949, she began working with composer Miles Davis. That same year, she began a new singing career with a number of well-known French writers writing lyrics; Raymond Queneau's "Si tu t’imagines" was one of her earliest songs to become popular.

In the late 1960s she featured in the TV serial "Belphegor, Phantom of the Louvre".

Gréco died on 23 September 2020 in Ramatuelle, France at the age of 93.


Gullah

The Gullah (also called Geechee) are the descendants of African slaves who lived in the Lowcountry regions of Georgia and South Carolina. They lived on the mainland and on the Sea Islands.

The Gullah region used to include what is now Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina, but today the Gullah area is only in Georgia and South Carolina.

The Gullah were able to keep parts of their African culture, but were also influenced by North American culture. The Gullah people speak a creole language that is based on English, but has many African loanwords.

The name "Gullah" may come from Angola, where the ancestors of some Gullah people likely came from. They created a new culture from the numerous African peoples brought into Charleston and South Carolina. Other scholars think that it came from the name of other ethnic groups in Africa.

Along the western coast of Africa, the people had cultivated African rice for 3,000 years. When British colonial planters discovered that rice would grow in the American South, they wanted enslaved Africans from this region. Africans were taken as slaves from the Western region of Africa (in what is today Sierra Leone), transported to the Americas, and were traded in Charlestowne, South Carolina. These African farmers brought their skills for farming and irrigation.

According to British historian P.E.H. Hair, Gullah culture had elements of many different African cultures. The Gullah people were able to keep much of their African culture because the climate and geography of this area were similar to Africa, and because slaves lived in large groups and had little interaction with whites.

The slaves also brought the diseases malaria and yellow fever. These diseases spread to English and European settlers because of the subtropical climate, and became endemic in the region. Africans had more immunity to these diseases. Many white planters left the area during seasons when the diseases were more common. The European or African "rice drivers", or overseers, were left in charge of the plantations.

In the U.S. Civil War, white planters on the Sea Islands were afraid of an invasion by US naval forces. They left their plantations and went to the mainland. When Union forces arrived on the Sea Islands in 1861, the Gullah people wanted freedom. Many Gullahs served in the Union Army. The Sea Islands were the first place in the South where slaves were freed. Long before the end of the War, Unitarian missionaries came to start schools for the newly freed slaves.

After the Civil War ended, the Gullah became more isolated from the outside world. This happened because the rice planters on the mainland left their farms and moved away from the area. The Gullahs continued to practice their traditional culture with little influence from the outside world until the 20th century.

In 2006, the U.S. Congress passed the "Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Act". This act will provide $10 million over 10 years to preserve Gullah historic sites. The Heritage Corridor will extend from southern North Carolina to northern Florida.

The Gullah people still have their traditional culture. Their traditions have survived in the Lowcountry mainland and on the Sea Islands, and also in urban areas such as Charleston and Savannah, Georgia. Gullah people who have moved far away have also preserved their traditions. In the summer, they usually send their children back to rural communities in South Carolina and Georgia, where they live with grandparents, uncles, and aunts.


The characters in Joel Chandler Harris' Uncle Remus stories speak in a Deep South Gullah dialect.



Sea Islands

The Sea Islands are a chain of tidal and barrier islands on the Southeastern Atlantic Ocean coast of the United States. 

There are over a hundred of them. They are between the mouths of the Santee and St. Johns Rivers along the coast of the US states of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

Barrier islands like these may change during storms. They absorb energy and protect the coastlines. Indirectly, they may help to create areas of protected waters where wetlands may flourish.

The Sea Islands are the home of the Gullah people.

Earth-like planet

Earth-like planet is used as a synonym for one 0r more of the following:


Molex connector

A Molex connector is a standard connector, which is used on electronic circuit boards. It is also used in many Personal computers, where it ofen transmits power. It is a pin and socket design. Originally, these connectors where manufactured by the company with the same name.

TurboGrafx-16

The TurboGrafx 16 was a video game console. It was originally released on 30 October 1987 in Japan and 29 August 1989 in North America. It was also known as PC Engine in some areas of the world. It was made by Hudson Soft and NEC. It was the first game console ever to have a compact disc (CD) add-on.

It was the first console marketed in the fourth generation era, usually known as the 16-bit era. This means it competed with the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and the Sega Genesis. The console has an 8-bit central processing unit (CPU) with a 16-bit graphics processor.

In Europe, the console is known as the PC Engine, after the Japanese model was imported and distributed in the United Kingdom and France from 1988. In Japan, the system was a competitor to the Famicom, but the delayed United States release meant that it ended up competing with the Sega Genesis and later the Super NES.

Marina Beach

Marina Beach is a natural beach in Chennai, Tamil Nadu along the Bay of Bengal sea. The beach is the first longest beach in India and the second longest in the world. The length of the beach is 13 km.

It is a renowned beach because the memorial of the four chief ministers M. G. Ramachandran,

List of works by Giambattista Pittoni

The following is a list of paintings by Italian Rococo painter Giambattista Pittoni, one of the most important artist of the eighteenth century in Europe.
Giambattista Pittoni lists 247 extant and 117 lost, missing or destroyed works. Some of his works are listed below.
The artist's works have never signed and dated.


Vipsania Agrippina

Vipsania Agrippina (36 BC – 20 AD) was the daughter of Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa from his first wife Caecilia Attica. Octavian and her father betrothed her to Tiberius before her first birthday. In about 19 BC she married Tiberius. Their son Drusus Julius Caesar was born in 14 BC.

Her father Agrippa died in March 12 BC. He was then married to his third wife, Julia the Elder, daughter of Augustus. Augustus forced Tiberius to divorce Vipsania and marry Julia. Tiberius reportedly loved Vipsania and disapproved of Julia. Vipsania was pregnant with a second child in 12/11 when the couple divorced. The second child did not survive.

Tiberius divorced Vipsania against his will in 11 BC, according to Suetonius. He always regretted this. On one occasion Tiberius caught sight of Vipsania and followed her with "an intent and tearful gaze". Precautions were taken to avoid further embarrassing meetings with her.

Vipsania then married the Senator Gaius Asinius Gallus Saloninus. They had a number of children, mostly sons. Their eldest son Gaius was put to death by Messalina, the infamous third wife of the Emperor Claudius.

Citizens band radio

Citizens band radio (also known as CB radio) is, in many countries, a system of short-distance radio communications between individuals on a selection of 40 channels within the 27 MHz (11 m) band. Citizens band not the same as the Amateur Radio Service ("ham" radio) which has a much longer range. In many countries, CB operation does not require a license to operate. It may be used for business or personal communications. 

Like many other two-way radio services, citizens band channels are shared by many users. Only one station may transmit at a time. All other stations must listen and wait for the shared channel to be available. It is customary for stations waiting to use a shared channel to broadcast the single word "break" (or "breaker") during a lull in the conversation. This lets other people using the channel know that others are waiting. In the US, channel 19 is most often used by truckers. Channel 9 is reserved for emergencies.

The citizens band radio service originated in the United States as one of several personal radio services regulated by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). These services began in 1945 to permit citizens a radio band for personal communication. In 1948, the original CB radios were designed for operation on the 460–470 MHz UHF band. There were two classes of CB radio: "A" and "B". Class B radios had simpler technical requirements, and were limited to a smaller frequency range. 

Al Gross established the Citizens Radio Corporation during the late 1940s to manufacture Class B handhelds for the general public. In the 1960s it became popular with taxicab companies to communicate with their drivers. In the 1970s it became popular with truckers, who 

began using it to warn other truck drivers of police speedtraps. Other drivers soon used CB radios, and the CB jargon of truckers was used in several movies. 

When CB radios first started a series of "10 codes" were used. This was due to the early CB radios need to warm up before use. The 10 codes were used as a shortcut to longer standard messages. A few of the more often used codes are:


Today it remains popular with truck drivers. It is used in rural areas by a wide variety of people and businesses where cellphone service is weak or unreliable. CB radios are also used by off-roaders to communicate between drivers in a group of four-wheel drive vehicles. It is used to warn drivers of various trail conditions, hazards, and delays.

CB radio is used as a system of short-distance communications between people in many countries. Nearly all use a system of 40 channels in the 27 megahertz or 11 meter band. 


Tread Lightly!

Tread Lightly! is a non-profit organization in the United States with the mission of responsible outdoor use with the use of "ethics, education and stewardship". Tread Lightly! is supported by individuals, small business and corporations. As off-roading with vehicles such as ATVs, off-highway motorcycles, snowmobiles and four-wheel drives like Jeeps and pickup trucks is becoming more and more popular, it poses more of a threat to the natural resources. Off-road vehicles are only a part of the problem that Tread Lightly! addresses. All outdoor recreation poses a threat to the ecosystem. People who engage in activities such as camping, hiking, fishing and hunting need to be careful in the outdoors so as not to destroy it for others.

Tread Lightly! was started by the United States Forest Service in 1985 as a public awareness program. In 1990, through a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) Tread Lightly! became a nonprofit organization. Today, Tread Lightly! is recognized as an important non-political organization.

Land Rover’s inaugural Great Divide Expedition in the fall of 1989 helped launch Tread Lightly! as a non-profit focused on supporting and encouraging stewardship on America’s lands and waterways. Since the Great Divide Expedition, Tread Lightly! and partners like Land Rover have built and led a national movement to protect and enhance recreation access and opportunities. They do this by promoting outdoor ethics to heighten awareness. To mark the 25 year anniversary of The Great Divide Expedition, Tread Lightly! and Land Rover reunited for the 2014 Great Divide Expedition. Land Rover auctioned off a fully restored 1990 Range Rover Great Divide replica as well as the opportunity to be a guest of Land Rover on a nine-day adventure. The auction raised more than $55,000 for Tread Lightly!, the largest single donation in the nonprofit's history.

The organization is "managed and financed by companies like Ford and Toyota." It leads awareness workshops and restores trails. The "Washington Times" noted in 2001 that "most manufacturers of off-highway vehicles — including Ford, GM, Jeep, Land Rover, Subaru and Toyota are active in this effort."
The organization has also worked with auto manufacturers to try to change the off-road images used in TV commercials. Toyota, Nissan and Mercedes-Benz have asked Tread Lightly to review their ads. At least one company cancelled a TV spot the organization didn't like.

Tread Lightly! "offers extensive online tips and guidelines on being more responsible in hiking, camping, boating, hunting, horseback riding, ATVs and more," the "Deseret News" has reported.

Some off-highway enthusiasts, though, according to the "New York Times," have been opposed to the concept, with Brad Lark, the publisher of the website extreme4x4.com, calling Tread Lightly! "a veiled form of extreme environmentalism." An anonymous writer on offroad.com was quoted as saying: "I don't Tread Lightly. I trample. From tree-huggers to their totalitarian signage that follows. I trample all in the path of freedom's future." Brad Ullrich, the site's land-use editor, described the column as "tongue-in-cheek."


Michał Kubiak

Michał Kubiak (born 23 February 1988) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Polish national team and Turkish club Halkbank Ankara, a participant of the Olympic Games (London 2012), 2014 World Champion, a gold medalist of the 2012 World League, silver medalist of the 2011 World Cup, bronze medalist of the 2011 European Championship and the 2011 World League, 2016 Turkish Champion.


Cauby Peixoto

Cauby Peixoto (10 February 1931 – 15 May 2016) was a Brazilian singer, and actor. His career lasted from the late 1940s until his death in 2016. He is known for his deep voice and hairstyles. His genres include jazz and soft rock.

Peixoto was known for his album "Maxximum". He also appeared in movies. He was known for his appearance as a singer in the movie "Com Água na".

He had a brief career in the United States in the 1950s, where he presented under the pseudonyms Ron Coby or Coby Dijon.

Peixoto was born in Niterói, Rio de Janeiro. He studied at a Salesian school in Niteroi. Peixoto died in São Paulo, São Paulo from pneumonia on 15 May 2016, aged 85.

Cauby was named by "Time" and "Life" magazines as the Brazilian Elvis Presley.


Can't Stop the Feeling!

"Can't Stop the Feeling!" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake. It was on the soundtrack to the DreamWorks Animation movie, "Trolls". The song entered at number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. It reached the top five in the UK and Australia. The song was Timberlake's comeback single after his son, Silas Randall Timberlake, was born to Justin and his wife, actress Jessica Biel.

Oya Aydoğan

Oya Aydoğan (10 February 1957 – 15 May 2016) was a Turkish actress, model and television presenter. She was the winner of the Ses Magazine Movie Actress Contest in 1976. Her career began in 1976 with the movie "Deli Şahin". She was born in Erzincan, Turkey.

She was an Alevi Muslim. She retired in 2015.

She suffered an aortic aneurysm on 7 May 2016, the day before Mother's Day. She died on 15 May 2016 in a hospital in Istanbul, aged 59.

Robert Louis Freeman Sr.

Robert Louis "Bobby" Freeman (April 27, 1934 – May 16, 2016) was an American attorney and politician. He was born in Plaquemine, Louisiana. He was the Democratic lieutenant governor of the U.S. state of Louisiana from 1980 to 1988. He worked with governor Edwin Edwards. Before becoming a politician, Freeman was an amateur boxer.

Freeman died at a hospital in Baton Rouge, Louisiana from an aneurysm on May 16, 2016, aged 82.

Romaldo Giurgola

Romaldo "Aldo" Giurgola (2 September 1920 – 16 May 2016) was an Italian-Australian academic, architect, professor and author. Giurgola was born in Rome. He was a partner in the Philadelphia firm Mitchell/Giurgola Architects from 1958 until his death in 2016. He became an Australian citizen in 2000. He was known for designing the Parliament House in Canberra.

Giurgola died in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory on 16 May 2016, at the age of 95.

Modena Volleyball Club

Modena Volley is a professional volleyball team based in Modena, Italy. It has played in the highest level of the Italian Volleyball League since 1968. It is the most successful Italian club, having won the national league twelve times and the national cup as well: Modena is the current holder of both titles. The club is one of the most prominent and prestigious in Europe. It achieved thirteen European trophies including four CEV Champions League. The main sponsor of the club is DHL Express.


Barry Bostwick

Barry Knapp Bostwick (born February 24, 1945) is an American actor and singer. He is best known as Brad Majors in the musical comedy horror movie "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" (1975) and Mayor Randall Winston in the sitcom "Spin City" (1996–2002). Bostwick has also done well in musical theater. He won a Tony Award for his role in "The Robber Bridegroom".

Star chart

A star chart is a graphic device or diagram which shows the night sky as seen from Earth. They are one of the oldest types of written or carved communication. There is a claim for a prehistoric carving as the first known star chart, but the evidence is not clear.

Star charts occur in Babylonian and Ancient Egyptian wall decorations and writing. In the ancient world, knowledge was needed for practical reasons and for religious reasons. Early star charts were used for all these purposes. Even today, they are used for both astronomy and astrology. In the renaissance, with its interest in ideas, hundreds of books were printed with star charts and other diagrams.

The key point for scientific charts is the use of data taken from observations, and listed in tables or databases. Historically, the first tables were in Ptolemy's "Almagest" (~AD 150). It has the last known star table from antiquity, with 1,028 stars.

Kevin Downes

Kevin Downes (born September 21, 1972) is an American film actor, writer, producer and director. Downes grew up in Visalia, California, three hours north of Los Angeles.

Ojo

Ojo is a town and local government area in Lagos State, Nigeria. The town is traditionally ruled by the "Olojo of Ojo". Alaba International Market and Lagos State University are located there.

Lagos State University

Lagos State University, most times called LASU, is a university located in Ojo, Lagos State, Nigeria. The university was established in 1983. It was the only state university in the former British colony.

Camel Trophy

The Camel Trophy was a vehicle-oriented competition that was held every year between 1980 and 1998. It was best known for its use of Land Rover vehicles over extreme terrain.

The Camel Trophy began in 1980 as a team expedition over the Trans-Amazonian highway. Camel Trophy events since then have been informally called "the Olympics of 4×4". They were all about adventure and exploration. Over the next eight years, the expeditions crossed Sumatra, Papua New Guinea, Zaire, Brazil, Borneo, Australia, Madagascar (the first north-south crossing) and Sulawesi before returning to the Amazon. These extreme tests of human endurance brought together teams from around the world. Each team hoped they could triumph over some of the worst off-road conditions imaginable. Teamwork and mutual trust were crucial. The competition came in a series of "Special Tasks," such as winching and timed driving routes. In each case national teams competed against each other.

In the 1990s, the Camel Trophy headed to Siberia and the USSR, followed by Tanzania, Burundi, Guyana, Argentina, Paraguay, Chile (the "Road to Hell" event), Belize, Mexico, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras (controversially serving 500 out-of-season lobster at a dinner), Kalimantan (a thousand miles and 18 rollovers to celebrate the first crossing of the island 100 years previously) and Mongolia. The Camel Trophy however, did not simply change venue; over the years, the event evolved from a mud-plugging expedition to involve elements of adventure sport, such as kayaking, mountain biking and winter sports. Teams were selected by each competing nation in competitions held nationally, designed to test the athletic, engineering and driving prowess of potential candidates.

Although the events had an impact on the environment where they travelled, there were ways in which the Camel Trophy benefited the local society or environment. In 1993, for example, the teams worked through the night to build an environmental monitoring station in the jungle so biologists could accurately study the flora and fauna of an area. In all the events, the convoy's progress reopened roads and trails which had fallen into disuse. They frequently rebuilt bridges and repaired sections of damaged roads.

In 1998 the Camel Trophy returned to Argentina and Chile for the penultimate Tierra del Fuego event. The Land Rover Freelander made its debut and was used to speed the competitors six thousand miles across the remote and snowy environment. Outdoor pursuits dominated the event. Shortly afterwards, Land Rover, a major sponsor, felt that the Camel Trophy was moving away from adventure and exploration and a news release indicated they would not sponsor future events. This ultimately led to the cancellation of the 1999 event which was planned for Peru.

In 2000 the Camel Trophy returned with a new style of event. It developed the spirit of the Tierra del Fuego event and the Camel brand but with the 32 competitors exploring Tonga and Samoa in RIB powerboats. This event was the single most successful Camel Trophy event as both a sporting activity and a Camel PR and marketing exercise. At this time the international brands of RJ Reynolds (which included Worldwide Brand Inc, the owners of the CT brand) were in the process of being sold to Japan Tobacco Inc. JTI subsequently chose to change direction and instead concentrate on the Camel Active fashion brand. It was to be the last Camel Trophy event.

The Camel Trophy originated in 1980 with three Jeep-equipped German teams exploring the Amazon. After that first event, the organisers turned to Land Rover. Over the course of the next twenty years, all of the Land Rover vehicle range were used. Range Rover, Series III, Defender, Discovery and Freelander vehicles all appeared in the distinctive "sandglow" colour scheme.

The vehicles were heavily modified by Land Rover Special Vehicles with a range of expedition, recovery and safety equipment, including:


Usually the Land Rovers were only used once for one event. Some competitors purchased their vehicles and many remained in the host country. Those vehicles that returned to the UK were highly sought after as they were low mileage—but they were "Camel Trophy miles". They were stripped of most of their equipment by Land Rover before they were sold but kept the color and Camel Trophy markings.


Otto Lilienthal

Otto Lilienthal was a German pioneer of aviation who became the first person to make repeated successful gliding flights.

On August 9, 1896, his glider stalled and he was unable to regain control. Falling from about 15 m (50 ft), he broke his neck and died the next day, 10 August, 1896.

Intel NUC

The Intel NUC (Next Unit of Computing) is a very small desktop computer replacement that uses the ultra compact form factor. It is build as a direct clone of the Apple Mac Mini, which was launched 7 years before in January 2005. It is built to be a very small PC that can be used for basic computer jobs like word processing and internet reading. It can also be used to play most computer games. Some people use the NUC as a home theater computer because of its small size and how quiet it is.

The Intel NUC is on its sixth generation. The generations were called, in order from oldest to newest, Sandy Bridge, Ivy Bridge, Bay Trail, Haswell, Broadwell/Braswell, and Skylake. The names come from the processor that is on the motherboard of the NUC.

Sandy Bridge

Ivy Bridge

Bay Trail

Haswell

Broadwell / Braswell

Skylake

Ikorodu

Ikorodu is a city and local government area in Lagos State, Nigeria. It is located along the Lagos Lagoon and shares a boundary with Ogun State.

The word Ikorodu was derived from two Yoruba words "Oko" ("English: farm") and "Odu" ("English: a plant that blackens").

Phetchaburi province

Phetchaburi (, ) is one of the western provinces ("changwat") of Thailand.

Phetchaburi is in the northern part of the Malay Peninsula. The Gulf of Thailand is to the east. Most of the province is a flat plain. The Kaeng Krachan National Park is Thailand's largest national park, covering nearly half of the province. It covers 3000 km.

Phetchaburi is an old royal city, dating back to the Mon of the 8th century. Later Khmer settled in the city, as can be seen by the prangs of Wat Kamphaeng Laeng.

In 1860, King Rama IV built a palace near the city of Phetchaburi, commonly known as "Khao Wang", but its official name is Phra Nakhon Khiri. Next to the palace the king built a tower for his astronomical observations. On a hill near the palace is the royal temple Wat Phra Kaeo.

Hat Cha-am (หาดชะอำ) 
This tourist resort resort, with modern facilities, is on a beach considered to be one of the most popular beaches of Thailand.

Phra Nakhon Khiri Historical Park (อุทยานประวัติศาสตร์พระนครคีรี) 
This park is a hilly area with an old palace and historical temples near the town. It has royal halls, temples and groups of buildings, constructed in Thai, Western neoclassic and Chinese architectural styles.

Wat Kamphaeng Laeng (วัดกำแพงแลง) 
This temple was originally a Khmer place of worship. It was later turned into a Buddhist temple and a shrine hall was constructed. However, the outlook of the place has not much changed due to the existence of sandstone walls and four Khmer style pagodas. 

Hat Chao Samran (หาดเจ้าสำราญ) 
Legend says that King Naresuan the Great and King Eka Thotsarot made several royal visits here and enjoyed its beauty. The villagers called it "Hat Chao Samran", which means "beach of royal leisure".
Phetchaburi is known for a vast variety of sweet food. The reputation comes from the use of Tanot (palm) sugar. Examples are Mo-kaeng, a sweet made from flour, sugar and eggs; A-lua and Sampanni, a sweet made from flour and sugar; Thong Yip, Thong Yot and Foi Thong, sweets made from baked egg-yolk; and Chao Tan Chueam (palm seed in thick syrup).
Phra Nakhon Khiri Fair (งานพระนครคีรี) , also known as Khao Wang, it is an important historical site. During the reign of King Rama IV, it served as the king's out-of-town palace.


Austenite

Austenite is iron but in a metallic form. It is one of the allotropes of iron, which means its physical form is different from iron, but its chemical form is the same. It is named after Sir William Chandler Roberts-Austen (1843–1902).

Austenitization means to heat iron, iron-based metal, or steel to a high temperature. At that temperature, the crystal structure of the metal changes from ferrite to austenite, which can dissolve more carbon.

For some irons, iron-based metals, and steels, the presence of carbides may occur during this austenitization step. The term commonly used for this is two-phase austenitization.


Samara (fruit)

A samara is an achene, a type of dry winged botanical fruit. The shape of a samara enables the wind to carry the seed farther away than regular seeds from the parent tree:



British Petroleum

British Petroleum, now called "BP plc", is one of the world's seven biggest oil and gas companies. Its headquarters are in London. The company grew out of the old Anglo-Persian Oil Company, which was founded in 1908. It was privatised by the British government in stages between 1979 and 1987.


Alan Zweibel

Alan Zweibel (born May 20, 1950) is an American producer and writer. He was one of the original writers on "Saturday Night Live". He and Garry Shandling were the co-creators of Showtime's "It's Garry Shandling's Show". Zweibel was born to a Jewish family in Brooklyn and grew up in suburbs of Wantagh and Woodmere on Long Island. Zweibel graduated from George W. Hewlett High School and the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York. In 2006, Zweibel won the Thurber Prize for American Humor for his book "The Other Shulman".


Today (American TV program)

The Today Show is a morning talk/news show. It airs on National Broadcasting Company (NBC). As of 2018, the anchors are Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Kotb. Craig Melvin reads the news and Al Roker forecasts the weather. Carson Daly contributes to the program on a regular basis as well.

During the week, the hours of "Today" (7:00 a.m. – 9:00 a.m.) are co-anchored by Savannah Guthrie (2012–present) and Hoda Kotb (2018–present) alongside co-hosts Al Roker (weather anchor, 1996–present), Craig Melvin (news anchor, 2018–present) and Carson Daly (features anchor, 2013–present).

The show also has a third and fourth hour, but they are treated like separate shows. The third hour, called 3rd Hour Today, is hosted by Roker, Melvin, Sheinelle Jones and Dylan Dreyer. The fourth hour, called Hoda & Jenna, is hosted by Hoda Kotb and Jenna Bush Hager.

Former anchors include Bryant Gumbel, Katie Couric, Meredith Vieira, Ann Curry and Matt Lauer.

Apportionment

Apportionment or apportionment by population is a concept in United States law of allocating representatives or taxes among the US states. Apportionment is based on the United States Census taken every ten years. Seats in the United States House of Representatives are then apportioned among the states. Each state gets a number of seats based on its population (the minimum is one seat). Congress enacted new apportionment legislation following every census until the mid-20th century. of the United States Constitution requires that direct taxes be apportioned among the states by population. Apportionment by population proved to be a nearly impossible, uneven and unfair requirement for collecting taxes since the states had different populations. This was overturned by the Sixteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution which removed the apportionment requirement from Congress imposing direct taxes.

David Muir

David Muir (born November 8, 1973) is the anchor of World News Tonight on ABC News. Muir also hosts special events and breaking news stories. He formerly anchored the weekend version of the show until he replaced Diane Sawyer in 2014. He was born in Syracuse, New York.

He co-moderated a Republican and a Democratic debate for ABC News alongside of Martha Raddatz.

Ikeja

Ikeja is a town and local government area of Lagos State, Nigeria. It serves as the capital of Lagos State. Ikeja is known for being a well-planned commercial settlement with shopping malls, pharmacies and government reservation areas.

Ikeja, originally known as "Akeja," was named after a god of the Awori tribe of Ota. The Awori people first settled there, and the territory was attacked for slaves until the mid-nineteenth century. It formed an agricultural hinterland for Lagos in the early twentieth century. The construction of the Lagos-Ibadan railway in 1901, as well as the expansion of Lagos as a port, converted Ikeja into a residential and industrial district of Lagos. In the mid-1960s, an industrial estate was constructed, and in 1976, Ikeja was designated as the state capital of Lagos. 

Communities in the city of Ikeja include; 

Saheed Osupa

Saheed Akorede Okunola (born 1969), popularly known as Saheed Osupa or King Saheed Osupa is a Nigerian musician, performer and film actor. His genre of music is majorly fuji.

Saheed Osupa was born in Ibadan, Oyo State but grew up in Lagos State where he completed his early education.

In 1983, Saheed Osupa chose music as his profession and went on to release his first record album titled "Fuji Fa Disco" which earned him fame. He has released over 25 record albums.


Perlin noise

Perlin noise was made by Ken Perlin in 1983. He made it because when computers created pictures that were supposed to look natural, they didn't look very good. Noise can be used to draw things that look natural, like clouds or smoke. It helps computer artists draw patterns that look more real.

In 1997, Perlin was awarded an Academy Award for Technical Achievement for discovering the algorithm:

Mireia Lalaguna

Mireia Lalaguna Royo (born 28 November 1992) is a Spanish model and actress. She is the winner of the Miss Spain 2015 and Miss World 2015 beauty competitions.

Heliobatis

Heliobatis is an extinct genus of stingray. At present the genus contains the single species Heliobatis radians.

The fossil is found in the early Eocene, Wasatchian stage, Fossil Lake deposits. Fossil Lake is part of the Green River Formation in southwest Wyoming. 

"Heliobatis" is one of only two known rays to have been found in the Green River formation. The other species, "Asterotrygon maloneyi", was recognized and described in 2004.

Taxing and Spending Clause

The Taxing and Spending Clause contained in Article I, , Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, grants the federal government of the United States its power of taxation. It authorizes Congress to levy taxes for two purposes: to pay the debts of the United States and to provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. Contained in the Taxing and Spending Clause are two additional clauses: the General Welfare Clause and the Uniformity Clause.

The Articles of Confederation (1781–1789) did not grant the central government the power to levy taxes. Only the states had this power. Congress could get money only by asking the states for funds. They could also borrow money from foreign governments or sell off western lands. This was designed to keep a weak central government with the majority of the governing powers reserved for the independent states. Congress had no revenues to pay its debts or to enforce its laws and treaties. This was one of the issues taken up by the Constitutional Convention in 1787 and changed in the Constitution.

The power of Congress to levy taxes has an exception and two qualifications in the Constitution. Any goods exported from any state may not be taxed. Direct taxes must follow the rule of apportionment

The power granted to “provide . . . for the general welfare” is granted by the Constitution. In 1791 Thomas Jefferson wrote:

He was writing about the constitutionality of having a national bank. Here he was making the point that the clause was not an independent power granted to Congress, but was intended to qualify that taxing power. The Supreme Court has not since had any occasion to make a formal ruling on the point.

There was a different of opinion on the meaning of “the general welfare” between the two authors of this clause. Alexander Hamilton adopted a very plain view that the clause meant just what it said. The general welfare meant for every citizen's benefit. James Madison took a more limited view. He believed the clause gave Congress the power of taxation just to support itself and remain in power. Congress has followed Hamilton's view from the start. They have made increasing appropriations for spending for the general welfare often requiring matching funds from the states.

Indirect taxes are subject to the rule of uniformity. This states "all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States". At first, the Supreme court declared that a tax is uniform "if it "operates with the same force and effect in every place where the subject of it is found." In United States v. Ptasynski (1983), the Court concluded unanimously that any tax in which the subject is defined in non-geographic terms satisfies the Uniformity Clause. Secondly, where a subject is defined geographically, the tax needs to carefully look for any "actual geographic discrimination."


Steve Biko

Stephen Bantu Biko (18 December 1946 – 12 September 1977) was a South African activist. He is famous for his activism against apartheid in South Africa during the 1960s and 1970s. He created the Black Consciousness Movement.

Biko was born in Ginsberg Township (now called the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa). He started high school at Lovedale High School. However, he was kicked out of school because of his political ideas about South Africa. He finished high school at St. Francis College.

During the late 1960s, Biko was a medical student at the University of Natal. During this time, he helped create the South African Students' Organisation. The organization later changed into the Black Consciousness Movement, and elected Biko as its first president in 1968.

As a student, during the early 1970s, Biko fought against apartheid in many ways. Eventually, in 1972, he was kicked out of the University of Natal. In February 1973, the South African apartheid government banned Biko. This severely limited his freedom of speech.

Biko and the Black Consciousness Movement played key roles in organizing protests, led by South African high school students, that resulted in the Soweto Uprising.

On 18 August 1977, Biko was arrested. He died on 12 September 1977 due to injuries he got while in police custody.

In the movie "Cry Freedom" (1987), which was about Biko's role in the anti-apartheid struggle and about his death while in police custody, Biko was played by American actor Denzel Washington.


Pollock v. Farmers' Loan &amp; Trust Co

Pollock v. Farmers' Loan & Trust Company, , was a Landmark decision by the Supreme Court of the United States. In a 5–4 decision the Court ruled that the federal Income Tax Act of 1894 was unconstitutional. The Pollock decision was overturned by the passing of the Sixteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.

 of the United States Constitution required that direct taxes be apportioned among the states by population. Apportionment by population proved to be a nearly impossible, uneven and unfair requirement for collecting taxes since the states had different populations. An income tax is a direct tax. So the federal government relied on tariffs and other sources of revenue.

During the Civil War, in order to fund the war, the federal government passed an income tax law. In 1862, Abraham Lincoln signed a bill that called for a 3% tax on incomes between $600 and $5,000, 7.5% on incomes between $5,000 and $10,000 and 10% on incomes over $10,000. The bill was declared unconstitutional in 1872 when it was repealed.

In 1894 Congress created a personal income tax as a part of theWilson–Gorman Tariff Act. President Grover Cleveland was unhappy with the bill but let it pass without his signature. All income over $4,000 was subject to a 2% tax. It was the first peacetime federal income tax in the United States. It was challenged right away on the grounds that the Constitution required direct taxes to be levied in proportion to each state's population (called apportionment). The US government has levied taxes before but these were indirect taxes (such as on whiskey, carriages and other goods).

The Gorman Tariff Act of 1894 called for a 2% tax on any "gains, profits and incomes" over $4,000 for a period of five years. Shareholders of the Farmers' Loan & Trust Co., based out of New York, would pay the required tax. In addition they would provide a list of the names of shareholders to the Bureau of Internal Revenue.

A Shareholder, Charles Pollock, who lived in Massachusetts and owned ten shares of stock, sued the company. He did not want them to pay the tax. He lost his case in the lower courts and appealed to the Supreme Court, which agreed to hear the case. The high court ruled in Pollick's favor declaring the tariff act (sections 27 to 37) unconstitutional.


It's Garry Shandling's Show

It's Garry Shandling's Show is an American sitcom. It is about the everyday life of Garry Shandling (portraying a fictionalized version of himself). It aired from 1986-1990.

2013–14 La Liga

The 2013–14 La Liga season (known as the "Liga BBVA" for sponsorship reasons) was the 83rd since its establishment. The season began on 17 August 2013 and ended on 18 May 2014.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

The Pichichi Trophy is awarded by newspaper "Marca" to the player who scores the most goals in a season.
Source: pichichi.es

The Zamora Trophy is awarded by newspaper "Marca" to the goalkeeper with least goals-to-games ratio.
 


Milton Obote

Apollo Milton Obote (28 December 1925 10 October 2005) was a Ugandan politician who led Uganda to independence in 1962 from British colonial rule.

Betweeen 1962 to 1966, Obote served as Prime Minister of Uganda. He also went on to serve twice as President of Uganda from 1966 to 1971 then from 1980 to 1985.

On 10 October 2005, Obote died of kidney failure in a hospital in Johannesburg, South Africa, aged 79.

Jimmy MacDonald

John James "Jimmy" MacDonald (May 19, 1906 – February 1, 1991) was a British-born American foley artist, voice actor, musician and conductor. He was also known for being the voice of Mickey Mouse from 1947 to 1977. After MacDonald's resignment in 1977, Wayne Allwine took over the role as Mickey from 1977 until his death in 2009.


Katherine Dunn

Katherine Karen Dunn (October 24, 1945 – May 11, 2016) was an American novelist, journalist, voice artist, radio personality, book reviewer and poet. She was born in Garden City, Kansas, but was raised in Portland, Oregon. She was best known for the novel "Geek Love" (1989). 

Dunn died of lung cancer on May 11, 2016 in Portland, aged 70.


Ismail Kadare

Ismail Kadare (, also spelled "Kadaré"; born 28 January 1936) is an Albanian novelist and poet. He is known for writing short stories until the publication of his first novel, "The General of the Dead Army".

In 1996, he became a lifetime member of the Academy of Moral and Political Sciences of France. In 2005, he won the first Man Booker International Prize and in 2016, he was "Commandeur de la Légion d'Honneur" recipient.

Kadare has been said he might win the Nobel Prize in Literature. His works have been published in about 30 languages.


Mercedes-Benz O405

The Mercedes-Benz O405 is a bus that was produced by Mercedes-Benz from 1980 to 2000. It was the last VöV SL-II standard bus to be made.

Mike Agostini

Michael George Raymond "Mike" Agostini (23 January 1935 – 12 May 2016) was a Trinidadian track and field athlete. He was from Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago. 

In 1954, he became the first athlete from that country to take a gold medal at the Commonwealth Games when he won the 100 yards final in Vancouver, Canada, on 31 July. He competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.

Agostini died on 12 May 2016 in Sydney, Australia from pancreatic cancer, aged 81.

Susanne Blakeslee

Susanne Blakeslee (born January 27, 1956) is an American actress and voice artist. best known for voicing Wanda in The Fairly OddParents, Cruella de Vil and for Maleficent's voice in the Kingdom Hearts. She was born in Los Angeles, California.

Sammy Ellis

Samuel Joseph Ellis (February 11, 1941 – May 13, 2016) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Cincinnati Reds (1962 – 1967), California Angels (1968), and Chicago White Sox (1969). He was born in Youngstown, Ohio. His career began in the early 1960s. He retired in 1970. 

Ellis was an MLB All-Star in 1965.

Ellis died of cancer at his home in Temple Terrace, Florida on May 13, 2016, aged 75.

 or Baseball Almanac or Retrosheet or Venezuelan Professional Baseball League

Dick McAuliffe

Richard John "Dick" McAuliffe (November 29, 1939 – May 13, 2016) was an American professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball as a shortstop and second baseman for the Detroit Tigers from 1960 to 1973 and for the Boston Red Sox from 1974 to 1975. He was born in Hartford, Connecticut.

McAuliffe died on May 13, 2016 in Farmington, Connecticut after suffering a stroke and Alzheimer's disease, aged 76.

Seán Ardagh

Seán Ardagh (25 November 1947 – 17 May 2016) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South-Central constituency from 1997 to 2011.

Ardagh died on 17 May 2016 after a long-illness in Dublin, aged 68.

Guy Clark

Guy Charles Clark (November 6, 1941 – May 17, 2016) was a Grammy Award winning American country and folk singer, musician, songwriter, recording artist, and performer. He has released more than twenty albums.

His songs have been recorded by other artists including Jerry Jeff Walker, Jimmy Buffett, Lyle Lovett, Ricky Skaggs, Steve Wariner, and Rodney Crowell. 

Clark won the 2014 Grammy Award for Best Folk Album: "My Favorite Picture Of You".

Clark died in Nashville, Tennessee from lymphoma on May 17, 2016, aged 74.


Huguette Dreyfus

Huguette Dreyfus (30 November 1928 – 17 May 2016) was a French musician and educator. She was known for playing the harpsichord. She was born in Mulhouse, Alsace. Dreyfus taught at the Schola Cantorum, at the Sorbonne in Paris, and at the National Conservatory of Music and Dance of Lyon.

Dreyfus died on 17 May 2016 in Lyon, aged 87.

Michael Roberds

Michael Roberds (April 29, 1950 – May 30, 2022) was a Canadian actor. He starred on Fox Family's "The New Addams Family" as Uncle Fester. He also starred in "Da Vinci's City Hall" and "". He was also known for his movies roles in "Elf" and "Hot Tub Time Machine".

Roberds died from a suspected heart attack at a hospital in Langley, British Columbia on May 30, 2022, aged 72.


Yūko Mizutani

On May 17, 2016, Mizutani died as a result of breast cancer. She was 51 years old at the time of her death.


Marco Pannella

Marco Pannella (born Giacinto Pannella; 2 May 1930 – 19 May 2016) was an Italian politician and political and human rights activist.

He was the leader of the Radical Party. Between 1979 and 2009, he was a Member of the European Parliament, where he sat as a full member in the Committee on Legal Affairs, in the Committee on Budgetary Control and in the Delegation for relations with Israel. 

He was also President of the Nonviolent Radical Party. He was a bisexual. He was an atheist.

Pannella died on 19 May 2016 of lung and liver cancer in Rome, aged 86. 


Alexandru Lăpușan

Alexandru Lăpușan (1 February 1955 – 17 May 2016) was a Romanian politician. He served as Minister of Agriculture from 1992 through 1996. He was member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1990 through 1992. He was born in Țăndărei, Romania.

Lăpușan died on 17 May 2016, aged 61.


Alexandre Astruc

Alexandre Astruc (13 July 1923 – 19 May 2016) was a French movie critic and movie director. He was known for being part of the French New Wave. He was born in Paris.

Astruc was known for his movies "The Crimson Curtain", "La Putain respectueuse", "Les Mauvaises rencontres", "Amour de poche", "Une vie", and "La proie pour l'ombre".

In 1994, he was given the René Clair Award.

Astruc died in Paris on 19 May 2016, aged 92.


Fritz Stern

Fritz Richard Stern (February 2, 1926 – May 18, 2016) was a German-born American historian of German history, Jewish history, and historiography. 

He was a University Professor Emeritus at New York's Columbia University. His work focused on the relationships between Germans and Jews in the 19th and 20th centuries and on the rise of National Socialism in Germany during the first half of the 20th century.

Stern died on May 18, 2016 in New York City, aged 90.

Lino Toffolo

Lino Toffolo (31 December 1934 – 17 May 2016) was an Italian actor, singer, author and television presenter. He was born in Murano, Italy. He was known for his roles in "Yuppi du", "Brancaleone at the Crusades", and "Million Dollar Eel".

Toffolo died in Murano, Italy on 17 May 2016, aged 81.

Luis H. Álvarez

Luis Héctor Álvarez Álvarez (October 25, 1919 – May 18, 2016) was a Mexican industrialist and politician. Álvarez was a member of the National Action Party. In 1958 he was a candidate for the Presidency of Mexico. He has also served as Mayor of Chihuahua. He served as President of the National Action Party from 1987 through 1993.


Giovanni Coppa

Giovanni Coppa (9 November 1925 – 16 May 2016) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He has served as a diplomat of the Holy See. He was elevated to cardinalate in 2007. He was born in Alba, Italy.
Coppa died on 16 May 2016, aged 90.
 
 

David Rendel

David Digby Rendel (15 April 1949 – 16 May 2016) was a British politician. He was a member of the Liberal Democrats. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Newbury from 1993 to 2005. He lost re-election in 2005 to Conservative candidate Richard Benyon. At the time he lost his seat, he was the Liberal Democrats' spokesman on Higher and Further Education. 

In September 2014, Rendel was selected as Liberal Democrat candidate in the 2015 general election for the seat of Somerton and Frome in Somerset; however, he lost to the Conservative candidate, David Warburton.

Rendel died on 16 May 2016 in Berkshire, England from cancer, aged 67.


Jim McMillian

James M. "Jim" McMillian (March 11, 1948 – May 16, 2016) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Raeford, North Carolina. He played for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1970 through 1973, the Buffalo Braves from 1973 through 1976, the New York Knicks from 1976 through 1978 and the Portland Trail Blazers from 1978 through 1979. At the end of his career, he moved to Italy and played for Sinudyne Bologna for two seasons from 1979 through 1981. He retired in 1981. 

McMillian died on May 16, 2016 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina from heart failure, aged 68.


John Berry (musician)

John Berry, Jr. (August 29, 1963 – May 19, 2016) was an American punk-genre guitarist. He was born in New York. Berry was known for being an original member of the rap band Beastie Boys. He was known for creating the name of the band. He joined the band in 1981, but left in 1983. His most famous album recorded with the band was "Polly Wog Stew". 

Berry died from complications of dementia in a hospital in Danvers, Massachusetts on May 19, 2016, aged 52.


François Maistre

François Maistre (14 May 1925 – 16 May 2016) was a French, television and theatre actor. He was born in Demigny, Saône-et-Loire, France. He appeared in nearly 100 movies between 1960 until his retirement in 2003. He was known for his roles in "Angélique, Marquise des Anges" and "The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie".

Maistre died in France on 17 May 2016, aged 91.

President of Nigeria

The President of Nigeria is the head of state and head of the executive of Nigeria. The first President of Nigeria was Nnamdi Azikiwe. The current President is Bola Tinubu, since 29 May 2023.

The 1999 Constitution of Nigeria of Nigeria sets the requirement. A president must:

These powers include:


Free Walking Tour

Free Walking Tour – free of charge walking tour, where participants give tips tour guide for his work. Guide can take money or give it to his Free Walking Tour organization. Free Walking Tour typically has a schedule. Weather and number of coming participants doesn’t matter.

The movement appeared in 2004 in Berlin. According to the portal freetoursnetwork in 2016 free walking tour exists in 206 cities in 75 countries around the world. 

The logotype Free Walking Tour has often picture of the legs or left traces.

The concept of Free Walking Tour in the tourism branch can be compared with a freeware on the IT-market. Free software can be an advertising of the commercial product or its manufacturer. The organizers of the Free Walking Tour often provide some business services such as a shuttle service, different entertainment, thematic, motorized and individual tours; however, the free tour model has developed as a hugely popular way to tour cities in its own right in recent years, with more and more tour companies offering free walking tours exclusively, such as Generation Tours in Dublin, Ireland, for example. Following this trends, online platforms offering free walking tours were also created. The first such platform was FREETOUR.COM in 2014. Later, other platforms of this type started, such as GuruWalk in 2017. The concept can be a little confusing, the traveler has to pay the guide at the end of the tour based on his experience. This concept is commonly referred to as a pay-what-you-please walking tour, because it empowers the client to pay based on their satisfaction with the tour and encourages the guide to always do their best. Free Walking Tour guides can be compared with the street performers who entertain passers-by and offer for donations as well as compared to history professors who bring a city and it's stories to life. Because tour guides only work for gratuities, the quality of a free tour tends to be significantly and consistently better than traditional "pay first" tours, which can take advantage of unknowing travelers.

Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures

Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is an American movie company owned by The Walt Disney Company.

The company began in 1953 as Buena Vista Distribution Company, to manage distribution, marketing and promotion for movies produced by the Walt Disney Studios. These include Walt Disney Pictures, Walt Disney Animation Studios, 20th Century Fox, Fox Searchlight Pictures, Pixar Animation Studios, Marvel Studios, Lucasfilm, Disneynature, and Touchstone Pictures.

The division changed to its current name in 2007. Since 1987, the company name had been Buena Vista Pictures Distribution.

Before 1953, Walt Disney's productions were distributed by Columbia Pictures, United Artists and RKO. However, an argument led to Walt and his older brother Roy O. Disney beginning the Buena Vista Film Distribution Company, Inc. (BVDC), to handle North American distribution of their own products.

For the "Toy Story" premiere, Disney rented the Hollywood Masonic Temple for "Totally Toy Story", as a multimedia funhouse and a promotional event for the movie. Because of its success as a venue, in July 1998, Buena Vista Pictures Distribution bought the Masonic Temple building.

In April 2006, Buena Vista International agreed to a distribution deal with MegaStar Joint Venture Company Limited. This was to help them bring their most popular movies to be shown in Vietnam.

In April 2007, Disney stopped using the Buena Vista nickname in its distribution branding.

In 2009, Disney began a partnership with DreamWorks Studios. They agreed to make an estimated 30 movies over a five-year period from DreamWorks and release them under the Touchstone Pictures name. The distribution deal will end in August 2016. DreamWorks and Disney decided to not renew their agreement in December 2015; with Universal Pictures replacing Disney as DreamWorks' distributor.

Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures has released the most movies that have earned more than $1-billion, (nine, in worldwide grosses), among major Hollywood studios, with eight of the twenty highest-grossing movies of all time being distributed by Disney. 

In 2015, Disney achieved its largest yearly box-office gross worldwide and in North America.

In December 14, 2017, The Walt Disney Company has announced plan to buy 21st Century Fox for $52.4 billion as well as 20th Century Fox and other Fox Entertainment assets.
Upcoming

August 12, 2022
September 16, 2022

—Includes theatrical reissue(s).


Lathe

A lathe is a type of machine used to shape things. Various kinds of work such as woodturning, metalworking, metal spinning, spin welding and glassworking use lathes. A lathe works by turning an object on an axis and applying a tool to shape it. Most lathes turn the workpiece on a horizontal axis; the potter's wheel uses a vertical axis. There are various types of lathe machine but horizontal lathes are used widely. 

CNC (Computer numerical control) lathes can perform the same jobs more accurately than manual lathes. Lathes work by using accessories such as cutting tools and rests. 

Examples of objects that can be made using a lathe are, candlestick holders, gun barrels, cue sticks and baseball bats.

The lathe is driven by a motor that rotates a blank of wood between two centres – the fork centre and the centre – that hold it in place. The machine rotates the wood and the user uses a variety of chisels to shape the wood by moving the chisels along a tool rest.

Lathes feature the following kinds of tools: -


A metal lathe is like the wood lathe in the type of shapes it can produce but for designed to work on metals. Due to the material the machine is more controlled. The machine is driven by motor that rotates a blank of metal on chuck. The machine rotates the metal and cutting tool moves in different directions to shape metal.

How metal lathes work
Types of processes involved in metal lathe manufacturing: -


Woodturning

Woodturning is a type of woodworking. It is used to create different types of wooden object using a lathe. Woodturning is different from other types of woodworking because the wood is spinning while on a lathe when it is being designed. There are many different types of objects that can be made from this process.

Metalspinning

Metal spinning is a process where a piece of sheet metal is rotated on a machine (often a lathe) to produce an object. The object usually has the qualities of being round, hollow and symmetrical. Metal spinning dates back thousands of years to Ancient Egypt. It is closely related to the potter's wheel.

The process begins with a flat piece of metal or a metal cylinder. It is cut to a specific size based on the size of the finished part. A form is used to create the internal shape of the spun metal part. The form is often made of aluminum or hardened steel. Metal spinning used to be used for creating prototypes and where only a few parts needed to be made. With the introduction of automatic lathes, metal spinning can be used to create a larger number of parts inexpensively. 


Spin welding

Spin welding (also called "thermal welding") is a technique used to model thermoplastic materials. The material is remodelled by using enough friction to make it so the material will be heated so much that is able to change its shape or have something attached to it. This is done by using a lathe, drill press or milling machine.

Glassworking

Glassworking refers to techniques and styles that use glass. Some common forms of glassworking are:

Quispamsis

Quispamsis is a suburb is southern New Brunswick, Canada. It is located 20 kilometres northeast of Saint John. The population of Quispamsis was 18,245 people in 2016.

Essential fatty acid

Essential fatty acids, or EFAs, are fatty acids that humans and other animals must eat. The body needs them for good health but cannot make them.

Only two fatty acids are needed for humans. When the two EFAs were discovered in 1923, they were called "vitamin F", but in 1929, research on rats showed that the two EFAs are fats rather than vitamins.

Some other fatty acids are "conditionally essential", meaning that they may become essential under some circumstances.

Wilson–Gorman Tariff Act

The Wilson-Gorman Tariff of 1894 (also called the Income Tax Act of 1894) was a bill passed by Congress that reduced the Tariffs on certain imports into the United States. The final version lowered duties slightly, but added a number of other provisions. One of these was a 2% federal income tax. Other items such as coal, lumber, and wool were added to the duty-free list, while sugar was removed from the duty-free list (where it had been included as a result of the McKinley Tariff of 1890). Debates over tariffs had been going on since America became a country. As the US became increasingly industrialized, the debates became more heated. The act was an effort by Democrats to help the country recover from the Panic of 1893, a serious economic depression. It tried to accomplish this by lowering tariffs and making up for the loss of revenues by a federal income tax. They believed if the US lowered tariffs other countries would also. They also believed they could push through a direct tax on personal income. The act failed to achieve any of its goals. A year later it was repealed by the Supreme Court decision "Pollock v. Farmers' Loan & Trust Co" as being unconstitutional. Indirectly, the tariff was a contributing cause to the Spanish–American War.

In the last days of the Benjamin Harrison administration, a number of events hurt the economy. A major employer, the Reading Railroad, went into receivership. This led to an unfortunate chain of events. Hundreds of banks and businesses which depended on the Reading and other railroads were forced to close. The US stock market went down dramatically. Fearing things could get worse European investor pulled their funds out of the US. Even so, the depression spread to Europe. Meanwhile there was an agricultural depression in the south and western United States causing the economy to become much worse. When President Grover Cleveland took office, over 4 million people had already lost their jobs. But Cleveland believed he should do nothing—the situation would correct itself.

The Democrats in Congress had for a long time wanted to lower tariffs. The Wilson-Gorman tax act called for a 2% income tax on any "gains, profits and incomes" over $4,000 for a period of five years. The income tax was supposed to make up for revenue that would be lost by tariff reductions.

It was the first income tax since the Civil War. Unlike the wartime tax, there had been pressure in Congress for a direct tax on income. Between 1874 and 1893, nearly 70 income tax bills had been introduced by Democrats in Congress. Generating revenue was not the primary goal of a direct income tax. The main issue was fairness. The bulk of federal revenue was from tariffs that all Americans had to pay when they bought imported products. But giant businesses like railroads, steel manufacturers, sugar companies were making large profits that were not being taxed. Securities, bonds and savings were also not being taxed. So an income tax was a fair remedy for this situation.

Those who opposed an income tax, most living in the large eastern cities, called it "class legislation" (meaning targeting their class). Many thought it was a tax on the rich since 90% of Americans did not have to pay the tax. Others thought that a federal income tax would take money away from the state governments. 

The Wilson-Gorman Tariff made the economy worse. It led to cheaper goods being imported from other countries that competed with American-made products. This hurt the profits of American businesses. At the same time, American companies did not find many overseas markets for their goods. The tariff act also hurt the Cuban economy. It led to increased anger by Cubans against Colonial Spain. This was a contributing factor leading up to the Spanish-American war in 1898.

But the income tax portion of Wilson-Gorman that was its undoing. There was strong resistance by wealthy citizens and high-earning companies that were targeted by the income tax. As the economy got worse the Los Angeles Times remarked, "The Democrats are in favor of an income tax for the reason that Democrats, as a rule, have no incomes to tax."

A year later the act was overturned by the 5–4 decision in Pollick. That decision, in turn, was later overturned by the passing of the Sixteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.


Balto-Slavic languages

The Balto-Slavic language group is a hypothetical group made up of the Baltic and Slavic languages. They are part of this family group because it is claimed by some Germanic and Slavic linguists that these two language groups share some similarities involving the linguistic traits of the two language families. However, these claims are not universally accepted. Some scholars claim they are two different decendants of the wider Proto-Indo-European (PIE) langauge family. The Balto-Slavic languages are mainly spoken in areas of eastern, northern and southern parts of Europe. The Balto-Slavic languages are daughter languages of the now extinct PIE. There are only two Baltic languages spoken today: Lithuanian and Latvian.

Some of Balto-Slavic languages spoken today: 
For a complete list of Balto-Slavic languages go here.

Baltic languages

The Baltic languages are part of the Balto-Slavic branch of the Indo-European language family. Baltic languages are mostly spoken in the Baltics, around the Baltic sea.

There are three branches of Baltic languages. Two are extinct.



(† – extinct language)

Daughter language

A daughter language is a language that descended from another language, which usually happens over a long period of time.


List of Balto-Slavic languages

There are many Balto-Slavic languages. Some are now extinct and some are still spoken today. 







Old Prussian language

Old Prussian was a Baltic language spoken in what is now northeastern Poland and the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It was spoken by the indigenous peoples of Prussia, the Old Prussians. It declined after the Teutonic Knights conquered the territory in the 13th century but was spoken until about 1700 in and around East Prussia. It was named Old Prussian to show that it is different to the Slavic and Germanic languages used in Prussia afterwards. It became extinct in the early 18th century. Attempted revivals have made little progress.

Knaanic language

Knaanic (also called Canaanic, Leshon Knaan, Judaeo-Czech) is an extinct West Slavic Jewish language. It was spoken in the area known today as Poland, Czech Republic and Slovakia. It became extinct in the late middle ages.

The Larry Sanders Show

The Larry Sanders Show is an American sitcom. It is about Garry Shandling portraying a fictional host named Larry Sanders. It aired from 1992-1998.

Wheelock Whitney, Jr.

Wheelock "Whee" Whitney, Jr. (July 30, 1926 – May 20, 2016) was an American businessman, politician, educator, sports team executive and owner, philanthropist. Whitney was a successful investment banker from 1957 until 1972. When he left the industry, he taught at the Carlson School of Business.

Whitney was born in St. Cloud, Minnesota. He studied at Phillips Academy and Yale University.

Whitney was the 1964 Republican nominee for U.S. Senate from Minnesota. He lost to Eugene McCarthy, and the Republican nominee for governor of Minnesota in 1982, losing to Rudy Perpich.

He was the team executive for the Minnesota Twins. He was also a part-owner and president of the Minnesota Vikings football team for a number of years.

Whitney died under hospice care in Independence, Minnesota on May 20, 2016, aged 89.

Nick Lashaway

Nick Lashaway (March 24, 1988 – May 8, 2016) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles on "The X-Files", "Girls", and "The 40 Year Old Virgin". He appeared in "The Last Song". He played Brandon O'Neil in "My Soul to Take".

Lashaway died in a car crash on May 8, 2016, in Framingham, Massachusetts, aged 28.


Renzo Piano

Renzo Piano, OMRI, OMCA (; born 14 September 1937) is an Italian architect and engineer. He won the Pritzker Prize in 1998. He is known for designing London's tallest skyscraper The Shard and The New York Times Building in New York City. He was born in Genoa, Italy.

In 2006, Piano was selected by "TIME" as one of the 100 most influential people in the world. He was selected as the 10th most influential person in the "Arts and Entertainment" category of the 2006 Time 100.

In August 2013, he was appointed Senator for Life in the Italian Senate by President Giorgio Napolitano.

Ken Gorgal

Kenneth Robert Gorgal (February 13, 1929 – May 8, 2016) was an American football player. He was born in Peru, Illinois. He played in the National Football League for the Cleveland Browns, the Chicago Bears and the Green Bay Packers in the 1950s. He played college football at Purdue University.

After retiring from football, Gorgal went back to Chicago. He later held a seat on the Chicago Board of Trade, a major exchange.

Gorgal died on May 8, 2016 in Vero Beach, Florida at the age of 87.

Jim Ray Hart

James "Jim" Ray Hart (October 30, 1941 – May 19, 2016) was an American. He played for the National League's San Francisco Giants from 1963 to 1973 and the New York Yankees in 1973 and 1974. Hart batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Hookerton, North Carolina.

In a 12-season career, Hart posted a .278 batting average, with 170 home runs and 578 runs batted in (RBIs) in 1,125 Major League games played.

Hart died in Acampo, California on May 19, 2016 after a long-illness, aged 74.

Patricia M. Derian

Patricia Murphy "Patt" Derian (August 12, 1929 – May 20 2016) was an American civil rights and human rights activist. She was born in New York City, but was raised in Danville, Virginia. During the 1976 U.S. presidential election, Derian was deputy director of the Carter-Mondale campaign. Derian served as Assistant Secretary of State for Human Rights and Humanitarian Affairs from 1977 to 1981. She was known for being a critic of the Ronald Reagan presidency and his administration. 

Derian died at her home in Chapel Hill, North Carolina from Alzheimer's disease on May 20, 2016, aged 86.

Robert Mandan

Robert Mandan (February 2, 1932 – April 29, 2018) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Chester Tate on the satirical sitcom "Soap" from 1977 through 1981.

Mandan died on April 29, 2018 in Los Angeles, California of prostate cancer at the age of 86.


Wendy Davis (politician)

Wendy Russell Davis (born Wendy Jean Russell; May 16, 1963) is an American lawyer and Democratic politician. She was born in West Warwick, Rhode Island, but was raised in Fort Worth, Texas.

Davis represented District 10 in the Texas Senate from 2009 to 2015. She previously served on the Fort Worth City Council.

Davis ran for the office of Governor of Texas in the 2014 election but lost to Greg Abbott with 59-38 percent.

Tammy Duckworth

Ladda Tammy Duckworth (born March 12, 1968) is an American politician. She is the United States senator from Illinois. She was a U.S. Representative for Illinois's 8th congressional district from 2013 to 2017. 

A member of the Democratic Party, she is the first Asian American woman elected to Congress in Illinois, the first disabled woman to be elected to the U.S. House of Representatives, and the first member of Congress born in Thailand.

Duckworth ran for the United States senate seat against the current senator Mark Kirk in the 2016 Illinois senate elections. On November 8, 2016, she defeated Kirk in his bid for re-election to his U.S. Senate seat.

In April 2018, Duckworth gave birth to her daughter Maile, making her the first U.S. Senator to give birth while in office.

In July 2020, she became one of the finalists for Joe Biden's running mate in the 2020 election/ 


Tim Kaine

Timothy Michael "Tim" Kaine (born February 26, 1958) is an American politician. He is serving as the junior United States Senator from Virginia. A member of the Democratic Party, Kaine was first elected to the Senate in 2012.

Kaine declared his candidacy for Governor of Virginia in 2005 in a bid to replace Mark Warner (who was constitutionally unable from serving another term. Kaine won in an uncontested Democratic primary, and faced Republican Attorney General Jerry Kilgore in the general election. Kaine won with 51% of the vote, to Kilgore's 46%. Kaine served as governor from 2006 to 2010. After becoming governor, Kaine gave the Democratic response to the 2006 State of the Union Address. He later became the 51st Chairman of the Democratic National Committee, serving from 2009 to 2011.

In 2012, after incumbent Senator Jim Webb announced he would retire, Kaine declared his candidacy for the U.S. Senate. Kaine won in the Democratic primary and faced former Senator and Virginia Governor George Allen in the general election. In the November 2012 election, Kaine won with 53% of the vote to Allen's 47%.

On 11 June 2013, Kaine delivered a speech on the Senate floor in support of the bi-partisan "Gang of Eight" immigration bill. The speech was entirely in Spanish, marking the first time a Senator had ever made a speech on the Senate floor in a language other than English.

On July 22, 2016, he was picked to be Hillary Clinton's running mate for the 2016 presidential election. He lost the election to Donald Trump and Mike Pence on November 9, 2016.

Kaine was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota. He is the eldest of three sons. Kaine was born to Mary Kathleen (née Burns) and Albert Alexander Kaine, Jr.. Kaine's father is of Scottish and Irish ancestry, and his mother is of Irish descent. Kaine grew up in Kansas City, Missouri. He graduated from Rockhurst High School in Kansas City, Missouri.

Kaine received his B.A. in economics from the University of Missouri in 1979. Kaine was a Coro Foundation fellow in Kansas City in 1978. He then attended Harvard Law School. He took a break during law school to work with the Jesuit Volunteer Corps in Honduras. Kaine worked in Honduras for nine months from 1980 to 1981.

Kaine graduated from Harvard Law School with a Juris Doctor degree in 1983, and was admitted to the Virginia Bar in 1984.

Kaine practiced law in Richmond for 17 years, specializing in fair housing law and representing clients discriminated against on the basis of race or disability. Kaine was an adjunct professor for University of Richmond Law School for six years.

In May 1994, Kaine was elected to the city council of the independent city of Richmond, from the City's 2nd District. He served four terms on the council.

n July 1998, Kaine was elected mayor of Richmond, Virginia. He replaced Larry Chavis. He was chosen by a majority-black City Council, becoming the city's first white mayor in more than ten years.

Kaine voted against to tax increases, and supported a tax abatement program for renovated buildings, which was credited for a housing-renovation boom in the city. Richmond was named one of "the 10 best cities in America to do business" by "Forbes" magazine during Kaine's term.

During his tenure as mayor, Kaine drew criticism for spending $6,000 in public funds on buses to the Million Mom March, an anti-gun-violence rally in Washington, D.C.; after a backlash, Kaine raised the money privately and repaid the city.

Kaine ran for Lieutenant Governor of Virginia in 2001. In the Democratic primary election, Kaine ran against state Delegate Alan A. Diamonstein and state Delegate Jerrauld C. Jones. Kaine won, winning 39.7% and defeating Diamonstein, who received 31.4%, and Jones, who received 28.9%.

In the general election, Kaine won with 925,974 votes (50.35%), of the vote, narrowly edging out his Republican opponent, state Delegate Jay Katzen, who received 883,886 votes (48.06%).

In 2005, Kaine ran for governor of Virginia against Republican candidate Jerry W. Kilgore, a former state attorney general. Two polls released in September 2005 showed Kaine loosing Kilgore—by four percentage points in a "Washington Post" poll and by one percentage point in a Mason-Dixon/"Roanoke Times" poll. The final opinion polls of the race before the November election showed Kaine slightly edging ahead of Kilgore. Kaine won, winning 1,025,942 votes (51.7%) to Kilgore's 912,327 (46.0%).

Kaine was sworn in as governor at the colonial Capitol at Williamsburg, on January 14, 2006, the first governor since Thomas Jefferson to be inaugurated there. Kaine served as chairman of the Southern Governors' Association from 2008 to 2009.

As governor, Kaine successfully protected of Virginia land from development, fulfilling a promise that he made in 2005. As governor, Kaine established the Climate Change Commission, a bipartisan panel to study climate change issues. In October 2006, Kaine signed an executive order banning smoking in all government buildings and state-owned cars as of January 1, 2007. He signed legislation banning smoking in restaurants and bars. It made Virginia the first Southern state to do so.

Kaine was governor during the Virginia Tech shootings.

As governor, Kaine approved about $3.31 billion in general fund spending cuts. In 2008, Kaine backed a $22 million proposal in the Virginia General Assembly to make pre-kindergarten education more accessible to at-risk four-year-olds. He left office with high polling numbers in January 2010.

On January 31, 2006, Kaine gave the Democratic response to President George W. Bush's 2006 State of the Union address. In it, Kaine criticized the Bush administration's No Child Left Behind Act for "wreaking havoc on local school districts"; criticized congressional Republicans for cutting student loan programs; and condemned as "reckless" Bush's spending increases and tax cuts.

In January 2009, Kaine became the Chair of the Democratic National Committee. He took the position at the request of President Obama, During his tenure he oversaw a significant expansion of the party's grassroots focus through Organizing for America.

Kaine announced on April 5, 2011 that he would run for United States Senate in 2012, following Senator Jim Webb's decision not to seek re-election. Kaine filmed announcement videos in English and Spanish. Kaine was unopposed for the Democratic nomination. Kaine defeated former Senator and Governor George Allen in the general election.

Kaine was sworn in for a six-year term on January 3, 2013

On June 11, 2013, Kaine delivered a speech on the Senate floor in support of the bipartisan "Gang of Eight" immigration bill. The speech was entirely in Spanish, marking the first time a Senator had ever made a speech on the Senate floor in a language other than English.

As a member of the Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs, Kaine pushed for a new Congressional authorization of military force for the American operations against ISIL. Kaine supported the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action with Iran, though he also helped Republican Senator Bob Corker hold a vote on a resolution of disapproval on the deal. Kaine undertook several trips throughout the Middle East, meeting with the leaders of states such as Turkey and Israel.

While in the Senate, Kaine has continued to teach part-time at the University of Richmond.

Kaine endorsed Hillary Clinton's presidential bid in 2016, and campaigned actively for Clinton in seven states during the primaries.

On July 22, 2016, he was picked to be Clinton's running mate for the election. The "New York Times" had said that Clinton's husband, former President Bill Clinton, privately supported Kaine as his wife's vice-presidential selection. Kaine is the first Virginian to serve on a major party's national ticket since John Tyler ran on the Whig ticket in the 1840 election.

Kaine is a Roman Catholic. In 1984, he married his wife Anne Holton, who is the current Virginia Secretary of Education since 2014. Together, they have three children.


Boris Schnaiderman

Boris Solomonovitch Schnaiderman (Russian Борис Соломонович Шнайдерман; 17 May 1917 – 18 May 2016) was a Brazilian translator, writer and essayist. He was of Jewish descent.

He became a naturalized citizen of Brazil in 1941 and fought in World War II with the Brazilian Expeditionary Force.

In 2003 he received the Prize of Translation by the Academia Brasileira de Letras. He was the first person who translated to Portuguese classical Russian books directly from the Russian language.

Agostinho Neto

António Agostinho Neto (17 September 1910 – 10 September 1979) was an Angolan politician and poet. He was the first President of Angola, serving from 1975–1979 after he leading the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) in the war for independence that lasted from 1961–1974.

He died of inoperable cancer on 10 September 1979 in a hospital in Moscow, Russia, aged 68.


Miguel de la Quadra-Salcedo

Miguel de la Quadra-Salcedo y Gayarre (April 30, 1932 – May 20, 2016) was a Spanish journalist and Olympic athlete. He was born in Madrid. He was the director and founder of cultural program Aventura 92 (Adventures 92). He was mainly known by the Basque-Navarre people.

Quadra-Salcedo died in Madrid on May 20, 2016 at the age of 84.


Depression (economics)

A depression is a long period of time in which the economy of a country is not working well. It is usually marked by a large number of people being without jobs. A depression is a more severe kind of recession. A depression can last for several years. In addition to high unemployment, depressions hurt banks, trade and manufacturing. Prices fall, credit is harder to get and there is an increase in bankruptcies. 

A depression in one country can quickly spread to other countries. For example the Panic of 1873 started in Vienna and spread to other parts of Europe and to America, bringing what was called "the Great Depression" until a worse one came in 1929.

The Great Depression (1929-39) was the longest lasting and deepest economic depression in the history of the modern industrial world. It started after the U.S. stock market crash in 1929. The prices on the Wall Street stock market fell from October 24 to October 29, 1929. It sent Wall Street into a panic. Millions of investors were financially ruined. By 1933 nearly half the banks in the United States had failed and between 13 and 15 million Americans were unemployed. The beginnings of World War II in Europe ended the depression. The Great Depression affected countries worldwide. Unlike previous depressions in which a few countries were hurt, the Great Depression was felt by nearly all industrialized countries. Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, and North and South America all suffered. Countries tried to protect their own economies by raising tariffs on goods they imported into their countries. This caused world trade to fall by some 30 percent. An estimated 30 million people were unemployed worldwide by 1932. 

The Great Depression had far-reaching political consequences. As economies failed some people looked to military dictators to save their countries. For example, countries like Argentina and several in Central America had dictators. In Germany, Italy and Japan, Fascism took hold which directly led to World War II. In the Soviet Union the depression allowed Joseph Stalin to come to power. He exiled millions to labor camps and began a reign of terror called the Great Purge. As many as 20 million Soviets died in the 1930s alone. In the west, one response was Welfare Capitalism. This took hold in countries such as Canada, France and Great Britain.

As of 2013, some countries in Europe were suffering greater unemployment than they did during the Great Depression of the 1930s. The Gross domestic product has been shrinking faster than some European nations can cut spending. Europe's financial crisis shows every sign of getting worse, not better. While called a recession by some government officials, economists are already calling it a depression. As European countries are locked into the Euro they cannot devalue their own currency to adjust their economies. This means they cannot lower the price of their exports to make them more attractive and so cannot achieve a balance of trade.


You Don't Own Me

"You Don't Own Me" is a popular song. This single was recorded by Lesley Gore when she was 17 years old in 1963. It was written by Philadelphia songwriters David White and John Madara. The song hit #2 on the "Billboard" Pop Singles Chart in the United States. It was #2 for three straight weeks during February 1964.

The song is about a woman telling her man he should never tell her what to do or what to say. The man should also not put her on display. It is considered to be a feminist anthem with a connection to the civil rights movement.

Other singers have covered the song, like Dusty Springfield, Joan Jett and Grace Sewell.

You don't own me

I'm not just one of your many toys

You don't own me

Don't say I can't go with other boys

And don't tell me what to do

Don't tell me what to say

And please, when I go out with you

Don't put me on display 'cause

You don't own me

Don't try to change me in any way

You don't own me

Don't tie me down 'cause I'd never stay

I don't tell you what to say

I don't tell you what to do

So just let me be myself

That's all I ask of you

I'm young and I love to be young

I'm free and I love to be free

To live my life the way I want

To say and do whatever I please

And don't tell me what to do

Oh, don't tell me what to say

And please, when I go out with you

Don't put me on display

I don't tell you what to say

Oh, don't tell you what to do

So just let me be myself

That's all I ask of you

I'm young and I love to be young

I'm free and I love to be free

Frutigen

Frutigen is a municipality in Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Burgistein

Burgistein is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


William Safire

William Lewis Safir (December 17, 1929 – September 27, 2009), better known as William Safire (), was an American author, columnist, journalist, and presidential speechwriter.

He was best known as a long-time political columnist for the "New York Times" and the author of "On Language" in the "New York Times Magazine", a column on popular etymology, new or unusual usages, and other language-related topics from its inception.

Safire died from pancreatic cancer at a hospice in Rockville, Maryland, on September 27, 2009, aged 79.

Sándor Tarics

Sándor Tarics (23 September 1913 – 21 May 2016) was a Hungarian water polo player. He won a gold medal in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was born in Budapest. 

He attended the 2012 London Olympics as the oldest living Olympic champion and turned 100 in September 2013.

Tarics died in San Francisco, California on 21 May 2016 at the age of 102.

Friedrich Schattleitner

Friedrich Schattleitner (28 September 1923 – 4 May 2016) was an Austrian sport shooter. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics, where he finished 35th among a field of 86 competitors in the 50 m rifle - prone position event. He was born in Kalwang.

Sylvia Kauders

Sylvia Kauders (December 1, 1921 – May 5, 2016) was an American movie, TV and theater actress. She was known for many small but known roles on Broadway and in movies. 

She was known for her roles in "American Splendor", "Analyze That", "Predator 2", "City Hall", two Woody Allen movies: "Crimes and Misdemeanors" (1989) and "Manhattan Murder Mystery" (1993). She appeared in "Inside Llewyn Davis" (2013) by Joel and Ethan Coen.

Kauders died on May 5, 2016 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from a heart attack, aged 94.


Tonita Castro

Tonita Castro (1952/53 – May 8, 2016) was a Mexican-born American actress. She was born in Guadalajara, Mexico. She appeared on television shows such as "Little Britain USA", "The Sarah Silverman Program", "Kroll Show", "Life in Pieces", and "Dads". She also appeared on movies such as "Imagine That", "Funny People", "Our Family Wedding", "Bad Ass", "Seeking a Friend for the End of the World" and "The Book of Life".

Castro died on May 8, 2016 from stomach cancer in Los Angeles, California, aged 63.

Gaston Berghmans

Gaston Petrus Bernardina Berghmans (11 March 1926 – 21 May 2016) was a Flemish actor and comedian. From 1972 through 1993, he and Leo Martin formed a comic duo called Gaston and Leo. They also made four mvoies together: "The boat to Spain" (1982), "Thugs" (1984), "The Panic Sowers" (1986) and "Gaston en Leo in Hong Kong" (1988).

Marion Tournon-Branly

Marion Tournon-Branly (23 September 1924 – 15 May 2016) was a French architect. She was born in Paris. His father was architect Paul Tournon and mother was painter Élisabeth Branly. She studied at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts. She worked with her father and Auguste Perret.

She designed villas, elementary schools, buildings for the Fleury Abbey and the modern church of the Fontenelle Abbey.

Tournon-Branly died in Paris on 15 May 2016, aged 91.

Benjamin de Roo

Benjamin hielke de Roo (11 February 1940 – 17 May 2016) was an Dutch-born Australian gymnast. He was born in Enschede, the Netherlands. In 1957 his family immigrated to Australia. In 1960, he became Australian citizen. He competed for Australia at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics.

De Roo died at a hospital in Katoomba, New South Wales on 17 May 2016 from complications of a stroke, aged 76.

Ashure

Ashure () is a traditional Middle Eastern pudding. Ashure is made from grains, dried fruits and nuts. There are no animal products (butter, milk, cheese, etc.) and ashure is vegan.

The Armenian version of the grain pudding ashure is called anoushabour. Since Armenians serve this pudding during Christmas and on New Year's Eve.


Gritstone

Gritstone or grit is a hard, coarse-grained, siliceous sandstone. This term is especially applied to sandstones quarried for building material.

British gritstone was used for millstones to mill flour, to grind wood into pulp for paper and for grindstones to sharpen blades. "Grit" is often applied to sandstones with angular sand grains. It may commonly contain small pebbles or breccia. 
Millstone Grit is an informal term for gritstones found in the Peak District and Pennines of northern England. These sediments were laid down in the late (upper) Paleozoic era, in the Carboniferous period, in deltaic conditions. The Millstone Grit Group is a formal stratigraphic term for this sequence of rocks.

Goofy and Wilbur

Goofy and Wilbur is an animated cartoon short. It was made by Walt Disney Productions. It was released by RKO Radio Pictures on March 17, 1939. It was the first cartoon with Goofy in a solo role without either Mickey Mouse or Donald Duck.

In this cartoon Goofy goes fishing with his pet grasshopper, Wilbur. They have nothing but bad luck. The smarter dog, Goofy, and his dumb insect friend catch fish in a fishing net using Wilbur as bait. This cartoon shows a lot of violence, because Wilbur is nearly, or perhaps actually, killed.

The cartoon is known for its 13 slapstick adventures during the eight minutes of action. It was released two years after "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937) and a year before "Pinocchio" and "Fantasia" (both in 1940).

Goofy and his friend Wilbur, a tame grasshopper, team up for a fishing expedition. Goofy decides to use Wilber as bait, but he realizes too late that his friend might actually get eaten by a fish. Goofy has a boat he is rowing and a net, but no fishing rod. Wilbur, being a live bug, becomes the perfect choice for bait inside their fishing net, which will attract the fish as food.

Wilber's life depends on Goofy to save the little bug, who becomes the bait for a half-dozen fish. As Wilber gets tricked again and again, he is at last swallowed by a frog; then that frog gets eaten by a stork, all while Goofy desperately attempts a chasing rescue. In the end Wilbur hatches out of the stork egg, and to Goofy's relief, seems okay. It is not explained how Wilber ended up in the egg of the stork. One blog writer says: "I wonder if Goofy has had a psychotic break at the end of the cartoon, and the reappearance of Wilbur is simply a delusion."


Gate of Yemen

Gate of Yemen () is the main gate of the old city of Sana'a, the capital of Yemen. The gate is in a square in the northern wall of the old city. It was built in the 17th Century by the Turks. 

Peak District

The Peak District is an upland area in England at the southern end of the Pennines. It is mostly in northern Derbyshire but also includes parts of Cheshire, Greater Manchester, Staffordshire and Yorkshire.

The area has two main parts. The northern 'Dark Peak' is where most of the moorland is found. Its geology is gritstone. The southern 'White Peak' is where most of the population lives: its geology is mainly limestone.

Much of the area is uplands above , with a high point on Kinder Scout of . Despite its name, the landscape generally lacks sharp peaks, but has rounded hills and gritstone escarpments (the "edges"). The area is surrounded by major conurbations, including Huddersfield, Manchester, Sheffield, Derby and Stoke-on-Trent.

The area is very difficult to travel across. The roads are few and narrow. This is due to the terrain, which is hilly, rough and uneven. Major motorways run east and west of the area.

The Peak District National Park became the first national park in the United Kingdom in 1951. It attracts many visitors every year.

The Peak District is formed almost exclusively from sedimentary rocks dating from the Carboniferous period. They comprise the Carboniferous limestone, the overlying gritstone and finally the coal measures at the margins of the area. There are outcrops of igneous rocks including lavas, tuffs and volcanic vent agglomerates. The Peak District is like a broad dome (see image below).

Earth movements after the Carboniferous period resulted in the up-doming of the area. This resulted in the dome-like shape. The shale and sandstone were worn away until limestone was exposed. At the end of this period, the Earth's crust sank here which led to the area being covered by sea, depositing a variety of new rocks.

Some time after its deposition, mineral veins were formed in the limestone. These veins and rakes have been mined for lead since Roman times.

The Peak District was covered by ice during at least one of the ice ages of the last 2 million years. Glacial meltwaters eroded a complex of sinuous channels along the margin of the Peak District during this period. Glacial meltwaters helped form many of the caves in the limestone area. Wild animal herds roamed the area, and their remains have been found in several of the local caves.

The different types of rock that lie beneath the soil strongly influence the landscape. They determine the vegetation and so the animals that will live in the area. Limestone has fissures (cracks) and is soluble in water, so rivers carve deep, narrow valleys. These rivers then often find a route underground, creating cave systems. Millstone Grit on the other hand is insoluble but porous, so it absorbs water. Water moves through the grits until it meets the less porous shales beneath, creating springs when it reaches the surface again. The shales are friable and easily attacked by frost. They form areas where landslides may occur, as on Mam Tor.

English National League

The National League is a league for Association football teams in England (though some teams come from Wales). It is the fifth highest division of Football in England. The league is made up of professional and non professional clubs.

The league was created in 1979 from the Northern Premier League and the Southern League. In 1987, teams began to be promoted to Football League Two, and since 2003, a second team was also promoted. The league was renamed from the Conference National to the National League in 2015. Vanarama also announced their sponsorship the same year, so the league became the Vanarama National League.

In 2004, two divisions were created below the main league, known as the National League North and National League South. In 2006, the league expanded from 22 to 24 teams.

Finsterhennen

Finsterhennen () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Trub

Trub is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

The mountain Napf is in the municipality.


Internal Revenue Service

The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is the part of the Federal government of the United States responsible for collecting taxes and enforcing tax laws. The IRS decides how much tax is owed and collects the revenue on a regular basis. The IRS is the largest bureau in the United States Department of the Treasury. It is one of the world's most efficient tax collection agencies. The IRS processed over 224 million tax forms and collected over $2 trillion in revenue in 2004. 

The IRS collects taxes in advance by withholding them through employers. Individuals who overpay through tax withholding are issued refunds after they file their income tax return. In 2006 the Seattle Times reported that up to 11.6 million refunds were not paid back because the IRS suspected fraud. According to the Seattle Times the affected taxpayers were not informed of the reason for not getting their refund. Many or most of the people who were not issued refunds were low-income individuals

Beginning in 1791, the federal government was supported by taxes on distilled beverages, tobacco, sugar, corporate bonds and slaves. These were indirect taxes, the only kind permitted by the United States Constitution. In 1812, the cost of the war added the first sales taxes on gold, jewelry, and silverware. In 1817, the government did away with all these taxes and relied on the funds from tariffs on imported goods.

During the American Civil War, funds were needed to finance the war. In 1861, Congress drafted a bill for a direct tax on personal and corporate income. This first income tax charged 3% on incomes over $800. The bill passed both houses of Congress but never went into effect. In 1862, however, Abraham Lincoln signed a bill that called for a 3% tax on incomes between $600 and $5,000, 7.5% on incomes between $5,000 and $10,000 and 10% on incomes over $10,000. There were debates in Congress over the constitutionality of the direct income tax, but no action was taken. It was allowed to expire in 1872 when it came up for renewal.

In 1862, Congress had authorized the office of Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Much as today, he had the power to assess, levy and collect taxes. He also had the right to enforce the tax laws by prosecution and seizing property and income. George S. Boutwell was the first commissioner of the Bureau of Internal Revenue.
In 1894, Congress passed the Wilson-Gorman Tariff. It reduced the Tariffs on certain imports into the United States. However, it made up for this by charging a 2% direct income tax. The Supreme Court, in "Pollock v. Farmers' Loan & Trust Co" ruled the income tax unconstitutional a year later. The Court ruled that the Constitution did not allow an income tax without apportionment among the states.

On February 3, 1913, the Sixteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution was ratified. Free of the critical apportionment issue, it allowed Congress to impose an income tax. The Bureau of the IRS was charged with collecting income taxes. Personal income tax was 1% on income above $3,000. Incomes over $5,000 were subject to an additional 6% tax. Income taxes were as high as 77% in 1918 to help finance World War I. In 1929 they dropped to a high of 24% but rose again during the Great Depression in 1929. During World War II withholding and quarterly taxes were introduced. 

In 1953, the Bureau of Internal Revenue reorganized and changed its name to the Internal Revenue Service. 

In 1998, the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act again reorganized and modernized the agency. Taxpayer rights were further expanded.

The current Commissioner of Internal Revenue is Charles P. Rettig.


Koh-i-Noor

The Koh-i-Noor (also spelled Koh-i-Nûr and Kooh-è Noor) is a large, colourless diamond that was found near Guntur in Andhra Pradesh, India, possibly in the 13th century. The name means Mountain of Light in the Persian language. 

Before it was cut for jewellery, it weighed . It was first owned by the Kakatiya dynasty. Ownership of the stone changed several times between various ruling groups in South Asia over the next few hundred years. The Koh-i-Noor ended up in the possession of Queen Victoria after the British conquest of the Punjab in 1849. It is now part of the British Crown Jewels, part of the Royal Collection held in trust by Queen Elizabeth II for her successors and the UK.

In 1852, Prince Albert, the husband of Queen Victoria, unhappy with its dull and irregular appearance, ordered it cut down from . It emerged 42 per cent lighter as a dazzling oval-cut brilliant weighing and measuring 3.6 cm x 3.2 cm x 1.3 cm. 

Since arriving in the U.K., it has only ever been worn by female members of the family, starting with Queen Victoria. After Queen Victoria's death, the Koh-i-Noor was set in the crown of Queen Alexandra, the wife of Edward VII. It was used to crown her at their coronation in 1902. The diamond was transferred to Queen Mary's crown in 1911, and finally to the Queen Mother's crown in 1937. When The Queen Mother died in 2002, it was placed on top of her coffin for her state funeral.

Today, the diamond is set in the front of the crown, as part of the Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom. It is seen by millions of visitors to the Tower of London each year.

Leonorilda Ochoa

Leonorilda Ochoa Pagaza (30 October 1937 – 22 May 2016) was a Mexican actress and comedian. She was on movies, television, and theatre productions. She became popular as La Pecas in the sitcom "Los Beverly de Peralvillo" (1968-1973). She was born in Mexico City. She was in the movies "Capulina Speedy Gonzalez" (1970), "Los Beverly de Peralvillo" (1971) and "Que familia tan cotorra!" (1973). Her last telenovelas were "Rubí" (2004) and "Código postal" (2006-2007).

Ochoa died of Alzheimer's disease in Mexico City on 22 May 2016, aged 78. 

Send My Love (To Your New Lover)

"Send My Love (To Your New Lover)" is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Adele. It was on her third studio album, "25". It was released on streaming services on May 16, 2016. It was released to radio in the U.S. on May 17, 2016. It was the album's third single, after "Hello" and "When We Were Young". Adele has said that she heard fellow singer-songwriter Taylor Swift's 2012 single "I Knew You Were Trouble" and asked who the writers of that song were. After learning that they were producers Max Martin and Shellback, Adele worked with them on "25".

A music video of the song premiered on May 22 at the 2016 Billboard Music Awards. It was uploaded to the singer's official Vevo account soon afterwards. The video shows the singer in front of a black backdrop.

The song reached number 8 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 1 on the Mainstream Top 40 (Pop Songs) chart. It reached the top five in the UK and the top 10 in Canada. It ranked #26 on the Year-End "Billboard" Hot 100 of 2016.

"BBC News"' Mark Savage said this is a "nimble pop song" and wrote that it "shows a fresh, playful side to the star".

Rob Garratt of "The National (Abu Dhabi)" said the song is a "bouncy pop nugget" and it "falls into that classic pop tradition of transforming a turn-down into a lover's rebuke".

In a positive review, a writer for "The Hindu" wrote that the song is a "spritely song" and called it "an I'm-so-glad-you're-gone number".

"Los Angeles Times" Mikael Wood wrote that the song is "a welcome flash of sass".

Maeve McDermott and Patrick Ryan of "USA Today" included "Send My Love (To Your New Lover)" in their list of 2015's 50 best songs. McDermott wrote "this song is among the most interesting of her career".

Michael Arceneaux, of "Complex" magazine, says that the track was the least sad song on "25". He also wrote, "It’s a little melancholy, but it comes with some shimmy-inducing production".

"Business Insider"s Tony Manfred says this song is different from Adele's earlier work. He writes that "she wades into the waters of contemporary pop music like never before".

Nick Messitte of "Forbes" gave the song a positive review, writing "It’s got the grace of damning individuals without sinking to their level; it boasts nostalgia—not the least of which for a sound popularized in 2013".

"Vanity Fair"'s Josh Duboff called "Send My Love (To Your New Lover)" "the poppiest song Adele has ever recorded". He named it his "pick for the breakout track on "25"".

A small clip of the video was released on Adele's Twitter page. She wears a flower-printed dress and sways while different scenes of her play on top of each other. The full music video was shown during the 2016 "Billboard" Music Awards on May 22, 2016. It also appeared on Adele's Vevo channel shortly after the show.


Flag of Chile

The national flag of Chile was adopted in 1817.

The flag shows two equal horizontal bands of white (top) and red; there is a blue square the same height as the white band at the hoist-side end of the white band; the square bears a white five-pointed star in the center.

Protocol dictates that it can hang horizontally or vertically, but the star must always be located in the top-left corner. 

The colors have meanings:


Note: the Chilean flag is similar to the flag of the state of Texas.



Coat of arms of Chile

The Coat of Arms of Chile consist of a shield holding the national symbol of a star in a blue and red field. This shield is supported by a condor and huemul. 

At the top of the shield are three feather plumes in the colors of the national flag. The center shield has the star found on the national flag on a blue and red background. The blue represents the sky, and the red represents the blood of martyrs, as well as the Andes. The condor and huemel are animals found in Chile. The crowns they wear are naval crowns, and represent the rich naval history of Chile.


Chilean peso

The peso is the money of Chile. It was divided into 100 "centavos". The number is written with a $ sign and then the number.

In 2011, 483.36 pesos were equal to one United States dollar. In 2014, 570.01 pesos are equal to one United States dollar.



Ayora

Ayora is a town in the Community of Valencia. It has 5,303 people. It is in the district of Valle de Ayora and the province of Valencia.

Ayora is in the inland and near Castilla-La Mancha. Sierra Palomera and Sierra del Mugrón are the mountains to the west. Muela de Cortes and Pico Caroig are the mountains to the east. The flat land to the south connects with Almansa. The river valley runs to the north. It connects with Confrentes.

Nick Menza

Nicholas "Nick" Menza (July 23, 1964 – May 21, 2016) was a German-born American professional drummer and songwriter. He was best known for his work in Megadeth from 1989 to 1998 and in 2004. He recorded drums on four of Megadeth's albums: "Rust in Peace" (1990), "Countdown to Extinction" (1992), "Youthanasia" (1994) and "Cryptic Writings" (1997).

Menza died on May 21, 2016 from heart failure while performing with his band, OHM, in Los Angeles, California, aged 51.

Alexander Van der Bellen

Alexander Van der Bellen (born 18 January 1944) is an Austrian politician and economist. He is the President of Austria since 2017. He won the 2016 election after multiple court battles and narrow victories. He was sworn into office on 26 January 2017 officially becoming the president. Van der Bellen is the country's second green president and the first to be directly elected by popular vote. He was re-elected in 2022.

Van der Bellen was born in Vienna. His father was Russian and his mother was Estonian. He is the son of aristocratic refugees from Russia's Bolshevik Revolution. They first escaped from Pskov to Estonia.

In 1962, he graduated from the Akademisches Gymnasium in Innsbruck. He studied economics at the University of Innsbruck. He received a doctorate in 1970.

Van der Bellen is a retired professor of economics at the University of Vienna. He is a member of the Austrian Green Party. He served as a member of the National Council from 1994 to 2012. He was the chairman of the parliamentary club and federal spokesperson of his party from 1997 to 2008.

He ran as a nominally independent candidate supported by the Green Party in the 2016 presidential election, and finished second in the first round before winning the second round against far-right candidate Norbert Hofer. A second election was ordered since the votes were too narrow. In December 2016, Van der Bellen won the election with more votes. He became the first Austrian president to be directly elected by popular vote. He took office on 26 January 2017.

He was re-elected in October 2022 with almost 57% of the vote.

Van der Bellen supports green and social liberal policies, and is supportive of the European Union.

John Brophy

John Brophy (January 20, 1933 – May 23, 2016) was a Canadian ice hockey coach and former hockey player. He was born and raised in Antigonish, Nova Scotia.

Brophy spent most of his career in minor professional leagues, including 18 years as a player in the Eastern Hockey League and 13 seasons as a coach in the East Coast Hockey League. From 1986 to 1988, he was head coach of the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League.

Brophy died in his sleep at his home in Antigonish on the morning of May 23, 2016 from a long-illness, aged 83.

Aar de Goede

Arie "Aar" de Goede (21 May 1928 – 16 May 2016) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the Democrats 66. He served in the House of Representatives (1967–1973), European Parliament (1979–1984) and Senate (1986–1987). As part of the executive he was State Secretary of Finance between 1973 and 1977.

De Goede died in Zoeterwoude on 16 May 2016, aged 87.

Suberin

Suberin is a waxy, waterproof substance that is found in plants. It is described as having a 'rubbery' material. Suberin blocks the movement of water and solutes. It is in the walls of cork cells. Suberin is named after the cork oak, "Quercus suber".

Akhtar Mansour

Mullah Akhtar Mohammed Mansoor (; pronounced or ; 2 June 1953 – 21 May 2016) was an Afghan politician, soldier, Islamic scholar and a religious leader who was the 2nd Leader of the Taliban from 2015 until his death in 2016. Previously, he was the First Deputy Leader of the Taliban from 2010 to 2015, Second Deputy Leader of the Taliban from 2007 to 2010, and also a Member of the Leadership Council of Afghanistan from 2002 to 2007 and the Civil Aviation Minister of Afghanistan from 1996 to 2001.

Mansour took power over the Taliban after the death of his predecessor, Mullah Omar in 2013. However, Mansour served as acting leader and wasn't officially sworn in on 29 Juky 2015 when they officially admitted Omar's death.

During Mansour's rule, the Taliban expanded greatly in Afghanistan. He also greatly improved ties with al-Qaeda by meeting their leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri, the successor and close ally of Osama bin Laden.

A United States Department of Defense official has announced that Mansour was killed in a U.S. drone strike in Ahmad Wal, Pakistan while driving his car to visit his family get medical treatment for some of his injuries on 21 May 2016, at the age of 62. He was succeeded by his first deputy, Hibatullah Akhundzada, who successfully retook power over Afghanistan following the Fall of Kabul on 15 August 2021.


The Scream (1893)

The Scream is Edvard Munch's most famous painting. It is an example of modern art.

The picture shows an imaginary creature with its mouth and eyes open.

Munch got the idea for the painting when he was walking with friends. It was sunset and the sky was red, like the color of blood. Munch heard a sound in his ears, like the sound of nature screaming.

The painting was made with oil, tempera and pastel on cardboard. The size of the painting is 91 x 73.5 cm (35 7/8 x 29"). The painting is in the Nasjonalgalleriet (National Gallery) in Oslo, Norway.

From 1893 to 1910, Munch made four paintings of “The Scream”. Three of the paintings are in Norwegian museums. The fourth painting has a private owner.

In 1994, thieves stole the painting from the Norwegian National Gallery. Three months later, the painting was found. The value of the painting is about $55 million.

Lamboing

Lamboing was a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Lamboing, Diesse and Prêles merged into the new municipality of Plateau de Diesse.

Steffisburg

Steffisburg is a municipality in Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the municipality Schwendibach became part of Steffisburg.


Hebron Old Jewish Cemetery

Hebron Jewish Cemetery is an ancient cemetery in Hebron. the cemetery was open in 1290 near the "Cave of the Patriarchs (Tel Rumeida of today)". 

The Last Judgment (Toma din Suceava)

The Last Judgment is a fresco by Toma din Suceava at the Moldovita Monastery in Romania. The name of the work in Romanian is "Judecata de Apoi".

"The Last Judgment" covers the west wall of the monastery. It shows the day of judgment with a river of fire and the dead coming out of the sea. Prince Mohammed is one of the heretics. There are 105 paintings of angels near the roof.

The Moldovita Monastery also has famous frescos of the "Siege of Constantinople" and the "Tree of Jesse", showing Christ's genealogy.

The Moldovita Monastery is a UNESCO site. It was started in 1532 by Prince Petru Rares, the illegitimate son of Stephen the Great. It was built on the location of an old stone church built by Alexandru cel Bun (1400-1432). The old church fell in the early 16th century because of rain and landslides.

Petru Rares ruled Moldavia between 1527-1538 and 1541-1546. He had new ideas for the churches in Bukovina. Rares hired artists to cover the walls of the churches with complicated designs of saints, prophets, and scenes from the life of Jesus.

The best preserved monasteries are in Sucevita, Moldovita, Voronet, Humor, Suceava, Pătrăuţi, and Probota. Seven monasteries were put on the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1993. The Moldovita Monastery was consecrated to the Annunciation (Romanian: "Bunei Vestiri") on March 25. It is one of five monasteries in northern Moldavia with frescoes painted on the outside walls.

The monastery is in the style of Moldavian Gothic architecture. It combines Gothic and Byzantine elements. It is a Romanian Orthodox monastery.

The Moldoviţa frescoes were completed by Toma of Suceava in 1537. Toma of Suceava's painting is in the Italian Renaissance style, with humanized characters.

The theme of death is a common subject for religious art, but the frescos in the monasteries in northern Moldavia are special. These frescos are more complex than art in other areas of the former Byzantine Empire. The Moldovan work was a model for Mount Athos.

The oldest image of the Last Judgment is from the seventh century CE. It is in the "Christian Topography" of Cosmas Indicopleustes. The manuscript is in the Vatican library. The first known frightening picture of the Judgment in fresco are from 1075. They are in the church "San Angelo in Formis" near Naples. The oldest mosaic with this theme is in Venice, in the church of Torcello. It is probably from the twelfth century.


Canton of Capellen

Capellen () is a canton in Luxembourg. Its capital is Capellen.

On 1 January 2012, the "communes" of Bascharage and Clemency were combined to make the new "commune" of Käerjeng.

With an area of , and a population (2017) of 47,209, the Capellen canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

The canton has the Redange canton to the north, the Mersch canton to northeast, the Luxembourg canton to the east and the Esch-sur-Alzette canton to the south. The canton borders, to the west, the "arrondissement" of Arlon in Belgium.

The Capellen canton consists of the following 10 communes (2017 population).


Emergency medical services

Emergency medical services (EMS), also known as ambulance services or paramedic services, are agencies that deal with medical emergencies, mostly by sending ambulances or other vehicles to help people who are severely ill or injured. Their job is to treat these people at the incident and to take them to a hospital if needed. There are several types types of staffing. Most Ambulances and other medical vehicles have personnel who provide Advanced levels of Emergency Medical Care. This is called Advanced Life Support (ALS). Sometimes it is called Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS). Some ambulances or other medical vehicles also have staff with more basic training,and they are known as Emergency Medical Technicians (EMTs). They provide Basic levels of Emergency Medical Care. This is called Basic Life Support (BLS). Sometimes there are both on Ambulances. Doctors sometimes assist with care.

The exact role of the emergency medical services varies by country. In some countries like the US and UK, their job is seen as bringing the patients from an incident to treatment. Until the 1970s, their ambulances carried patients to hospital and gave them little medical care. Since then, paramedics have been trained to give some medical care before they get to hospital. Other countries like France and Germany run them in a different way, where their job is seen as bringing treatment to the patients. In those countries, doctors work on ambulances and they try to treat patients at the scene rather than take them to the hospital.

The type of organization that provides emergency medical services also varies by country. This may be:


Canton of Clervaux

Clervaux () is a canton in Luxembourg. Its capital is Clervaux.

With an area of , and a population (2017) of 17,631, the Clervaux canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

It is bordered on the north by the "arrondissement" of Verviers in Belgium, to the east by the German district of Eifelkreis Bitburg-Prüm (part of the "Land" of Rhineland-Palatinate), to the southeast by the Vianden canton, to the south by the Diekirch canton, to the southwest by the Wiltz canton, and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Bastogne in Belgium.

The Clervaux canton has 5 communes (2017 population).


Adolf Born

Adolf Born (12 June 1930 – 22 May 2016) was a Czech painter, illustrator, caricaturist, animator and film-maker. He was known as a children's illustrator for most of his career. Born was a finalist for the biennial, international Hans Christian Andersen Award in 2008. The asteroid 17806 Adolfborn is named after him.

Born died on 22 May 2016 in Prague at the age of 85.


Lucjan Avgustini

Lucjan Avgustini (August 28, 1963 – May 22, 2016) was an Albanian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sapë.

Avgustini was born in Ferizaj, SFR Yugoslavia. Avgustini was a priest of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Prizren from 1989 to 2006. In 2006, he was made the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sapë in Albania.

Avgustini died on May 22, 2016 from a brain tumor in Vau i Dejës, Albania, aged 52.

Bata Živojinović

Velimir "Bata" Živojinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Велимир "Бата" Живојиновић; 5 June 1933 – 22 May 2016) was a Serbian actor and politician. His best known movie was "Valter brani Sarajevo". He become popular in China for his role in the movie. In 1990 he was elected for the Serbian Parliament, as a member of the Socialist Party of Serbia. He was a candidate in the September-October 2002 presidential election, receiving 3.27% of the popular vote.

Živojinović died on 22 May 2016 in Belgrade from complications of gangrene at the age of 82.

Veiled Christ

The Veiled Christ (Italian: "Cristo velato") is a statue made of marble. It was made by Giuseppe Sanmartino. It is in Cappella Sansevero, Naples.

The sculpture, made in 1753, is considered one of the world's masterpieces. Antonio Canova who once tried to acquire the work declared that he would willingly give up ten years of his own life to produce a similar masterpiece.

The order for the Veiled Christ was given to Antonio Corradini. However, he died a short time later.

Sanmartino took over the work. He decided to place the Christ figure on a couch, covered by a veil. It was to show the suffering that Christ has undergone.

At the sculpture's feet, finally, the artist also carves the instruments of his torture: the crown of thorns, pliers, and some shackles.

An analysis shows that the work is completely made in marble. A receipt of payment to Sanmartino dated 16 December 1752, signed by the prince, is preserved in the historical archive of the Bank of Naples. It states:


Ljubiša Samardžić

Ljubiša Samardžić (19 November 1936 – 8 September 2017) was a Serbian actor and director. He was best known as "Šurda" in the popular television series "Vruć vetar". He was a popular cinema actor in the Serbian movie industry. Samardžić was a member of the Central Committee of Yugoslav Communist Party in late 1980s.

Samardžić was born in Skopje, Kingdom of Yugoslavia.

Isaac Parker

Isaac Charles Parker (October 15, 1838 – November 17, 1896) was an American politician and jurist. He served as the United States Congressman for Missouri's 7th congressional district for two terms and presided over the United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas for 21 years. He was known as the "Hanging Judge". 

Parker died of complications due to Bright's disease in Fort Smith, aged 58.

In 21 years on the federal bench, Parker tried 13,490 cases; more than 8,500 defendants either pleaded guilty or were convicted at trial. He sentenced 160 people to death and 79 were executed; the others died while incarcerated, were acquitted, pardoned, or their sentences were commuted.


 

Clash of Clans

Clash of Clans is a freemium mobile strategy game made by the Finnish company Supercell. It was released to the App Store for iOS platforms on August 2, 2012 and to Google Play for Android on October 7, 2013.

"Clash of Clans" is a massively multiplayer online game where players train their troops and attack other players' towns to earn gold and elixir, the in-game currency. Gold and elixir can be used to build defenses for the player's town, make upgrades, and more. Also, players can join a group called a clan to help its members or to receive help from them.

Mario Almada

Mario Almada Otero (born January 7, 1922 – October 4, 2016) was a Mexican actor. His career has lasted for over 70 years. He has appeared in over 300 movies. He was most known for his roles in urban westerns and action movies.

Almada died in his sleep of natural causes in Mexico City, Mexico, aged 94.

Manuel Valdés

Manuel "El Loco" Valdés (29 January 1931 – 28 August 2020) was a Mexican actor and comedian. He was member of the Valdés family. He was the brother of Ramón Valdés (aka "Don Ramón"), from the sitcom "El Chavo", and Germán Valdés (aka "Tin Tan"). 

He was also the father of singer Cristian Castro and Marcos Valdés.

He was known for his roles in "La Carabina de Ambrosio", "La pulquería", "La leyenda de la Nahuala", "Caperucita y Pulgarcito contra los monstruos" and "Calabacitas tiernas". He was in three telenovelas: "Amy, la niña de la mochila azúl" (2004), "Entre el amor y el odio" (2002) and "Siempre te amaré" (2000).

Valdés died on 28 August 2020 from problems caused by pancreatic cancer in Mexico City, aged 89.

Pasir Ris

Pasir Ris is a place in the east of Singapore. It is near Changi. The Pasir Ris MRT Station is located here.

Acid–base reaction

An acid-base reaction is a chemical reaction between an acid and a base. The products of such a reaction are a salt and water. This reaction may also regarded as neutralization reaction.

The reaction can be simplified to
The other ions remain constant because they are not affected by the reaction. They are called spectator ions.

An example of an acid-oxide reaction is sulfuric acid and copper(II) oxide reacting to form copper sulfate and water:

Another example of an acid-oxide reaction is nitric acid reacting with sodium oxide to form sodium nitrate and water:

The general equation is:

This is one of the more common acid-base reactions. This reaction is one of the few processes to make sodium chloride using hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide:

An acid can also react with a carbonate, which is a relatively weak base. An example is 
acetic acid reacting with calcium carbonate to form calcium acetate, carbon dioxide and water:

The products of an acid-carbonate reaction is a soluble salt, carbon dioxide and water. 

Auswil

Auswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


The Parish Church of St. Lawrence

The Parish Church of St. Lawrence in Radymno is a historic church in Poland. It is in the Przemyśl archdiocese.

The church was built in the years 1724-1730 in the Baroque style. The bishop Aleksander Antoni Fredro was the prime mover of this facture. By the church there is a belfry from the year 1729, an antique manse and a nuns' home. During the First World War St. Lawrence's church was vastly damaged but shortly after the war it was renovated. After the Second World War the aim was to embellish the temple which is why, the front of the church and the belfry renovations. The temple's historic door was rebuilt as well.

The interior has got 7 altars. Some of the altars are: St. Anna's altar, Jezus's Sacred Heart altar, St. Agnes's altar and St. Nicholas's altar. Inside the church there is a solid pulpit which has got a rich wood carving decoration. There is also the fontal source with figures of Jesus and John the Baptist. It comes from the first half of the 19th century.


Ballmoos

Ballmoos was a municipality of the district of Fraubrunnen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2010, the municipality of Ballmoos merged into the municipality of Jegenstorf.

Scion FR-S

The Scion FR-s is a sports car developed by Toyota and Subaru. It features a rear wheel drive drivetrain and 2+2 seating.

It is sold worldwide under three different brands with respective model names:

Great Seal

Great Seal might refer to the official seal of a political unit, such as:

Edmund Tudor, 1st Earl of Richmond

Edmund Tudor, 1st Earl of Richmond (Welsh: "Edmwnd ap Owain ap Maredudd ap Tudur"; 11 June 1430 — 3 November 1456) was a Welsh knight and nobleman who was the Earl of Richmond from 1452 until his death in 1456. Edmund was the father of Henry VII, who invaded England and became king of England in 1485. He was the oldest child of Owen Tudor and his wife, the dowager queen Catherine of Valois. He was also a half-brother to Henry VI.

In 1455, he married the 12-year-old woman, Lady Margaret Beaufort, who would become one of the most powerful women in Europe. He was a brave knight. He participated in the War of the Roses fighting for the Lancaster side. However, while he was fighting, he was captured by a Yorkist soilder and was imprisoned at Carmarthen Castle where he was murdered there at the age of 26. He was buried at St David's Cathedral in Pembrokeshire. His only child would be born two months after his death.

Crow Nation

The Crow (also known as Apsáalooke in their own Siouan language, or Absaroka) are Native Americans. In the past, they lived in the Yellowstone River valley, which is in Wyoming, Montana, and North Dakota. Today, they are federally recognized as the Crow Tribe of Montana.

During their history, the Crow have changed their territory many times because of conflicts with the Ojibwe, Cree, Cheyennes, and Lakota (Sioux) peoples. They were generally friendly with the whites. Since the 19th century, most Crow people have lived on their reservation that is south of Billings, Montana. Although they have lost land, it is over 9300 km. They also live in several major western cities. The tribe's headquarters are located at Crow Agency, Montana.

The name Apsáalooke means "children of the large-beaked bird". The French translated the name as "gens du corbeaux" ("people of [the] crows"), and they became known in English as the Crow. Other tribes also refer to the Apsáalooke as "crow" or "raven" in their own languages.

In 1743 the Crow first encountered people of European descent. They were French fur traders.

The Crow and Hidatsa used to be the same tribe. They were nomadic hunters and farmers. The earliest known home of the Crow-Hidatsa tribe was in present-day Ohio. They were pushed out by stronger neighbors and moved to Manitoba. Later, they moved to North Dakota, where they split from the Hidatsa. The Crow were then pushed westward, mostly by the Cheyenne and Sioux.

To gain control of their new home in the Yellowstone River valley, they fought against the Shoshone and drove them westward. They were allied with some of the Kiowa and Kiowa Apache. The Crow were an important tribe in this area through the 18th and 19th centuries, the era of the North American fur trade.

After they started living in this area, the Crow divided into four groups: the Mountain Crow, River Crow, Kicked in the Bellies and Beaver Dries its Fur. They adopted the nomadic lifestyle of the Plains Indians, becoming gatherers and bison hunters.

Around 1740, the Plains tribes, including the Crow, started using horses. This allowed them to hunt buffalo more actively. The Crow became well-known horse breeders and dealers. Sometimes, their horses were stolen by tribes like the Blackfoot Confederacy, Gros Ventre, Assiniboine, Pawnee, and Ute. Later they had to fight the Lakota and their allies, the Arapaho and Cheyenne. The tribes in the Blackfoot Confederacy and the Lakota-Cheyenne-Arapaho alliance became their greatest enemies.

The Crow were generally allies with the northern Plains tribes of the Nez Perce, Kutenai, Shoshone, Kiowa and Kiowa Apache. They were also allies with the Flathead, although sometimes they had conflicts with them. The powerful Iron Confederacy ("Nehiyaw-Pwat"), an alliance of northern plains Indian nations developed as enemies of the Crow. It included the Plains Cree and Assiniboine peoples, and later included the Stoney, Saulteaux, Ojibwe, and Métis.

When a large number of white Americans arrived, the Crows were fighting enemies who greatly outnumbered them. In the 1850s, a boy named Plenty Coups had a vision. The tribal elders said the dream meant that the whites would become dominant over the entire country, and that the Crows would need to remain friendly with the whites.

By 1851, the Lakota and Cheyenne were fighting the Crow for their hunting lands. They took over the eastern hunting lands, and pushed the Crow to the west and northwest upriver on the Yellowstone. After about 1860, the Lakota Sioux had all the former Crow lands. They threatened Americans who were moving into these areas.

The Crow signed the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1851 with the United States. This treaty recognized a large area around the Big Horn Mountains as Crow lands. But the Cheyenne and Lakota Sioux were still moving westward and pushing the Crows.

After Red Cloud's War (18661868) between the Lakota Sioux and the United States, the Lakota controlled territory from the Black Hills to the Big Horn Mountains. Bands of Lakota Sioux and Northern Cheyenne began to hunt and raid in ancestral Crow territory.

Crow warriors fought for the US Army in the Great Sioux War (1876–1877). This war ended with the defeat of the Sioux and Cheyenne. Some of the Sioux and their allies went to Canada, while others were removed to reservations.

The Crow had a matrilineal system. After marriage, the husband moved to the wife's mother's house. Women held a significant role within the tribe.

Like other Plains tribes, the Crow historically had three defined gender roles: male, female and "baté" (trans female / "two-spirit").

The Crow Indian Reservation is in south-central Montana. Its area is about , making it the fifth-largest Indian reservation in the United States. The 2000 census reported a total population of 6,894 on reservation lands.

The seat of government and capital of the Crow Indian Reservation is Crow Agency, Montana.

In 1948, a Constitution was adapted. It organized the tribe as a General Council (Tribal Council). The General Council had the executive, legislative, and judicial powers of the government. It was made up of all adult members of the Crow Nation. To be members of the General Council, females had to be 18 years or older and males had to be 21 or older. The General Council was a direct democracy, similar to that of ancient Athens. A chairperson was elected once every two years.

At a 2001 Council Meeting, four officials of the General Council established a three-branch government. The new government is known as the 2001 Constitution. The General Council is still the governing body of the tribe, but it has not met since 2001. Its powers were given to the three-branch government. The 2001 Constitution has been controversial because its establishment did not follow the rules of the 1948 Constitution. Opponents also say that it gives too much power to the US Bureau of Indian Affairs over the Crow government.

The officials who established the 2001 Constitution became the Executive Branch. These officials are known as the Chairperson, Vice-Chairperson, Secretary, and Vice-Secretary. The Chairperson's term lasts four years. The current Chairman is Darrin Old Coyote.

The Legislative Branch has three members from each district on the Crow Indian Reservation. The Crow Indian Reservation is divided into six districts known as The Valley of the Chiefs, Reno, Black Lodge, Mighty Few, Big Horn, and Pryor Districts.

The Judicial Branch consists of all courts established by the Crow Law and Order Code. It consists of an elected Chief Judge and two Associate Judges. The Crow Court of Appeals receives all appeals from the lower courts. The Chief Judge of the Crow Nation is Julie Yarlott.




Joaquín Castro

Joaquín Castro (born September 16, 1974) is an American politician. He has served in the United States House of Representatives for Texas's 20th congressional district since 2013.

Julián Castro was the 16th United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development in the Cabinet of President Barack Obama and is a candidate for President in the 2020 election.

In July 2022, Castro was diagnosed with small intestine cancer which had spread to his liver. He had surgery in February 2023 to remove the tumors.


Tom Steyer

Thomas Fahr "Tom" Steyer (born June 27, 1957) is an American hedge fund manager, politician, philanthropist, and environmentalist. Steyer is the founder and former Co-Senior Managing Partner of Farallon Capital Management, LLC and the co-founder of Beneficial State Bank.

In 2017, Steyer spent around $10 million for a television ad campaign advocating the impeachment of President Donald Trump and plans to spend millions more on a digital ad campaign to call for Trump's impeachment. Steyer thought about running for Governor of California in the 2018 gubernatorial election as a stance against President Trump.

Steyer was on the Board of Trustees at Stanford University from 2012 to 2017.

On July 9, 2019, Steyer announced his candidacy for President of the United States in the 2020 election. He stated that he would be running in the Democratic primaries in an online campaign video. He dropped out of the race after losing the South Carolina primary on February 29, 2020. Steyer spent $250 million of his own money on his campaign. This was more than any other candidate in history, except Mike Bloomberg's campaign.


Burt Kwouk

Herbert W. "Burt" Kwouk, OBE (pron. "Kwok"; ; 18 July 1930 – 24 May 2016) was a British actor.

Kwouk was born in Warrington to Chinese parents. He was raised in Shanghai.

Kwouk was known for his role as Cato (spelled "Kato" in the 1964 release "A Shot in the Dark") in the "Pink Panther" movies. He was also known for his role of Major Yamauchi in the British drama series "Tenko" and, later, as Entwistle in "Last of the Summer Wine".

In the 2011 New Year Honours List, Burt Kwouk was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for services to drama.

Kwouk died on 24 May 2016 in London, England of cancer of unknown primary origin, aged 85.

Howard Schultz

Howard D. Schultz (born July 19, 1953) is an American businessman. He is best known as the chairman and CEO of Starbucks and a former owner of the Seattle SuperSonics. He was a member of the Board of Directors at Square, Inc..

In 1998, Schultz co-founded Maveron, an investment group, with Dan Levitan. In 2012, "Forbes" magazine ranked Schultz as the 354th richest person in the United States, with a net worth of $1.5 billion.

On June 4, 2018, Schultz announced his retirement as executive chairman. However, he returned to the role in March 2022.

In January 2019, it was reported that Schultz was considering running as an independent candidate in the election. Schultz announced on January 27, 2019 that he would explore a bid as an independent candidate. However in June 2019, he ruled out a presidential bid citing health concerns. In September 2019, Schultz formally said he would not run saying he would not want to risk re-electing President Donald Trump.

Gert Bals

Gert Bals (18 October 1936 – 20 May 2016) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a goalkeeper.

Bals became the first Dutch goalkeeper in an UEFA Cup final, when he played for Ajax in the 1969 European Cup Final against Milan.

He played 216 official matches for Ajax after making his debut for them in August 1965 and won 4 league titles with the club. He won the Dutch Footballer of the Year Award in 1969.

He finished his career at Vitesse after losing Ajax´ number one jersey to Heinz Stuy in 1970.

Alfredo Lim

Alfredo Siojo Lim (; 21 December 1929 – 8 August 2020) was a Filipino politician. He served as Mayor of the City of Manila from 1992 to 1998 and 2007 to 2013. He also served as senator of the Philippines from 2004 to 2007. He ran for president in 1998, but lost to Joseph Estrada.

He lost his re-election campaign in 2013, but lost to former President of the Philippines Joseph Estrada. He ran again in 2016, but narrowly lost to Estrada again by less than 1%.

On 7 August 2020, Lim was hospitalized in Manila with COVID-19. He died the next day from the infection at the age of 90.


Gender equality

Gender equality is a belief that both men and women should receive equal treatment. People should not be discriminated against because of their gender. It can also be called sex equality, gender egalitarianism, sexual equality or equality of the genders. 

Gender equality is supported by feminists and humanists.


Canton of Echternach

Echternach () is a canton in east Luxembourg. Its capital is Echternach.

Its area is . The population in 2017 was 18,702. The Echternach canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

It is bordered on the north by the German district of Eifelkreis Bitburg-Prüm (part of the "Land" of Rhineland-Palatinate), to the east by the Trier-Saarburg district (also part of Rhineland-Palatinate), to the south by the Grevenmacher canton and to the west by the Diekirch and the Mersch cantons

Part of this canton is a natural region called the Little Switzerland.

The Echternach canton has 8 communes (2017 population).


Jazz dance

Jazz dance is a dance genre which is easy to recognise, but not easy to define. It is, like some other forms of dance and music, an African influence in western culture.

Its origins were in social dancing to the music of jazz, but it developed into a type of stage dancing.

Today, jazz dance is taught to students of stage dancing. The ISTD (Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing) lists jazz dance under 'Modern Theatre', and the IDTA (International Dance Teachers Association) lists it in their 'Theatre Branch'. Professional stage dancers are certain to have some kind of jazz dance training.

Modern ballet has also been influenced by jazz dance. Balanchine's ballet "Slaughter on Tenth Avenue" was the climax of the Broadway musical "On Your Toes" (1936), Kathleen Dunham and Bob Fosse were famous jazz dancers and choreographers.

Bangerten

Bangerten was a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016 the former municipality of Bangerten merged into the municipality of Rapperswil.

Bannwil

Bannwil is a municipality of the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Viktor Kulikov

Viktor Kulikov (July 5, 1921 – May 28, 2013 in Moscow) was a Marshal of the Soviet Union and commander-in-chief of the Warsaw Pact from 1977 until 1989.

Kulikov first served in the military during the Great Patriotic War (1941–1945). After that, he was given the title of Hero of the Soviet Union. 

In 1983, he was honored with the Lenin Prize.

Sheikh Abubakr Ahmad

Sheikh Abubakr Ahmad (born 22 March 1939; also known as "Kāntapuraṃ Ě.pi. Abūbakkar Musliyār") is Grand Mufti of India. He is the President of the Islamic Community of India, Founder and Chancellor of the Jamia Markaz and General Secretary of the All India Sunni Jamiyyathul Ulama.

In August 2014, he has condemned Islamic extremism saying "Militant groups such as the Islamic State (IS) are trying to defame a religion that advocates peace and tolerance."

In November 2015, he commented on gender equality saying women could never equal men 

University of Hong Kong

The University of Hong Kong (also called Hong Kong University or HKU) is a university in Pok Fu Lam, Hong Kong. It is the oldest university in Hong Kong. In 2016, it was listed as the 45th best university in world reputation rankings.

The university offers subjects in:

Direct tax

A direct tax is a tax paid directly to the government by a person or organization. A direct tax may not be passed on to another person or entity but must be paid by the entity responsible for the tax. A direct tax is different from an indirect tax, which is paid by someone other than the person or entity who would normally be responsible for it. For example, a tax owed on a piece of property is a direct tax. A tax on the sale of that property would be considered an indirect tax.

An income tax is a tax that governments levy on individuals and businesses on their income. In the US and other countries, businesses and individuals need to file an Income Tax Return every year. This is to report all forms of income and to see if they owe any tax or can get a tax refund. Income tax is an important source of funds to most levels of government.

In the United States Constitution, the difference between indirect and direct taxes was important enough to require a Constitutional amendment in order for the federal government to levy an income tax. This was the Sixteenth Amendment which was ratified in 1913. Before the Sixteenth Amendment, any direct tax levied by the federal government had to be apportioned among the states by population. As apportionment by population proved to be virtually impossible, levying direct taxes was prevented by this article of the Constitution until it was changed in 1913. So the federal government relied on indirect taxes such as tariffs and Duties on imported goods and materials.

Another form of direct tax is the corporation tax. This is a tax on profits earned by corporations and other companies. In the United States the federal corporate tax is a direct tax, but is different from income tax. It taxes net income (profits) not gross income (on which income taxes are based). Corporate tax allows deductions for most expenses of doing business. Also, it only applies to corporations. It does not apply to partnerships or sole proprietorships.

Property tax, also called millage tax, is a tax on property that the owner must pay. They are usually collected by local governments and are based on a standardized value of a property. Property tax money is usually used for schools, community safety and local infrastructure. Millage rates refer to the "mill": one one-thousandth of a dollar. The millage rate is the amount of taxes levied per $1,000 of property value. For example, if the millage rate is 3 mills (or 3 tenths of a penny), a property valued at $300,000 would be a tax of $900.


Bäriswil, Bern

Bäriswil is a municipality in the administrative district Bern-Mittelland in the cantons of Berne in Switzerland.

Bätterkinden

Bätterkinden is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

It is about north of Bern.


Wallis Simpson

Wallis Simpson (born Bessie Wallis Warfield; 19 June 1896 - 24 April 1986), who later became the Duchess of Windsor, caused a serious crisis in the mid-1930s when the heir to the throne of the United Kingdom, Prince Edward, fell in love with her. However, she was married to another man, and she had already gotten a divorce from her first husband to marry him. In 1936, she divorced her second husband.

On 20 January 1936, King George V died, and Edward became king. Edward VIII and Wallis had already started an affair. He wanted to marry her after she had divorced.

The monarch is the head of the Church of England, which was strongly against the idea of divorce. Their affair was regarded as a sin.

In November, King Edward consulted with British Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin on a way to both marry Wallis and keep the throne. Edward suggested a morganatic marriage in which he would remain king but Wallis would not be queen, and their children could not become the monarch. The idea was rejected by Baldwin and the prime ministers of Australia and South Africa. If Edward married Wallis against Baldwin's advice, the government had decided to resign, which would cause a constitutional crisis.

The King decided he had no choice but to abdicate so that he could marry Wallis. On 11 December 1936, Edward said in a radio broadcast, "I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility, and to discharge my duties as King as I would wish to do, without the help and support of the woman I love".

After his abdication, Edward became the Duke of Windsor, and Wallis became the Duchess of Windsor. While Edward retained his style of "Royal Highness", King George VI declared Wallis would not be allowed to do the same but would be instead styled "Her Grace The Duchess of Windsor", the same style given to a non-royal duchess. The couple lived abroad, mainly in France, for most of their lives.

During the Second World War, they moved from France to Portugal and later to the Bahamas. They were widely suspected of being sympathetic to the German Nazis. Edward himself wrote in the New York "Daily News" of 13 December 1966: "it was in Britain's interest and in Europe's too, that Germany be encouraged to strike east and smash Communism forever ... I thought the rest of us could be fence-sitters while the Nazis and the Reds slogged it out".
After her husband's death from cancer in 1972, Wallis travelled to the United Kingdom to attend his funeral. She stayed at Buckingham Palace during her visit. The Duchess of Windsor died on 24 April 1986 at her home in the Bois de Boulogne, Paris, at the age of 89. She was buried alongside her husband in the Royal Burial Ground. She wrote about her life in 1956.


Gross income

Gross income in United States income tax law is money or anything of value gained from all sources. Gross income is the amount of income before any tax deductions or allowances. In the Law of the United States, 26 U.S. Code § 61, "Except as otherwise provided in this subtitle, gross income means all income from whatever source derived...". 

Some types of income are specifically excluded from gross income. These are listed at 26 U.S. Code Part III and include:


Bellmund

Bellmund () is a municipality of the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Tweenager

A tween or tweenager is a person between the ages 10 to 12. In this stage of life, they are still developing. They can also be described with the term Preteens.

On average, girls begin puberty at ages 7 to 11; boys at ages 8 to 12. Girls usually complete puberty by ages 15 to 17, while boys usually complete puberty by ages 16 to 17. The major landmark of puberty for females is menarche, the onset of menstruation. This usually occurs between ages 12 and 13; for males, it is the first ejaculation, which occurs on average at age 15.In the 21st century, the average age at which children, especially girls, reach puberty is lower compared to the 19th century, when it was 15 for girls and 16 for boys. This can be due to improved nutrition resulting in rapid body growth, increased weight and fat deposition or eating meat from animals which have been dosed up with estrogen. 

Sexual attraction to tweenagers or people going through puberty is called hebephilia.

Belprahon

Belprahon is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Rita Renoir

Rita Renoir (19 January 1934 – 4 May 2016) was a French striptease entertainer and actress. She was born in Paris. She was one of the most famous European strip-teasers. In 1964, Renoir was chosen by Michelangelo Antonioni to play the role of Emilia in "The Red Desert"

Renoir died on 4 May 2016 at the age of 82.


John David Jackson

John David Jackson (January 19, 1925 – May 20, 2016) was a Canadian–American physics. He was the professor emeritus at the University of California, Berkeley and a faculty senior scientist emeritus at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. 

He was a theoretical physicist. He was a member of the National Academy of Sciences. He was well known for his many publications and summer-school lectures in nuclear and particle physics, as well as his widely used graduate text on classical electromagnetism.

Brandon Grove

Brandon Hambright Grove, Jr. (April 8, 1929 – May 20, 2016) was an American diplomat. He was born in Chicago. He was the United States Ambassador to the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) from 1974 through 1977 and Zaire from 1984 through 1987. He served on the board of directors of the American Academy of Diplomacy.

Grove, Jr. died from complications of cancer on May 20, 2016 in Washington, D.C., aged 87.

Velimir Sombolac

Velimir Sombolac (Serbian Cyrillic: Beлимиp Coмбoлaц; 27 February 1939 – 22 May 2016) was a Serbian footballer and manager.

After having played ten matches for the Yugoslav U-21 team, and also five for the national "B" team, he was in the Olympic team that represented Yugoslavia at the 1960 Summer Olympics. There, Yugoslavia won the gold eliminating hosts Italy in the semi-finals, and beating Denmark ( 3–1 ) in the final. Afterward, Sombolac also played five matches for the Yugoslavia national football team.

Right after retiring, in 1973, he took charge of a small regional club called FK Sloga Gornji Pogradci, that provided him with crucial experience for returning, in 1974, to Borac, to become the assistant manager until 1976.

After the break-up of Yugoslavia, he worked at the Football Association of Republika Srpska, helping to form all the youth category teams. From 1998 to 2001, he was the head coach of the Republika Srpska official football team.


Zdeněk Mézl

Zdeněk Mézl (31 October 1934 – 23 May 2016) was an Czech print-maker and writer. He was known for his illustrations. He was born in Prague.

He studied at the College of Applied Arts between 1949 and 1953 and later graduated from the Academy of Fine Arts, Prague. Mézl has illustrated some books using traditional woodcut engraving. His published books are "A Battle for Cathedral" or "Hey, Slavs!".

Mézl died on 23 May 2016 in Prague from a heart attack, aged 81.

Mell Lazarus

Mell Lazarus (May 3, 1927 – May 24, 2016)
was an American cartoonist. He was born in Brooklyn, New York. He was best known as the creator of two comic strips, "Miss Peach" (1957–2002) and "Momma" (1970–2016). He wrote two novels. For his comic strip "Pauline McPeril" (a 1966-69 collaboration with Jack Rickard), he used the pseudonym Fulton, which is also the name of a character in his first novel, "The Boss Is Crazy, Too".

Lazarus served as President of the National Cartoonists Society from 1989 to 1993.

Lazarus died on May 24, 2016 at his home in Los Angeles, California from complications of Alzheimer's disease, aged 89.


Yang Jiang

Yang Jiang (; 17 July 1911 – 25 May 2016), born Yang Jikang (), was a Chinese playwright, author, and translator. She wrote several successful comedies. She was the first Chinese person to produce a complete Chinese version of "Don Quixote" from the Spanish original.

On 25 May 2016, Yang died at the age of 104 at Peking Union Medical College Hospital in Beijing.



Chris Murphy

Christopher Scott "Chris" Murphy (born August 3, 1973) is the junior United States Senator from Connecticut. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He previously served in the United States House of Representatives, representing from 2007 to 2013.


Richard Blumenthal

Richard Blumenthal (born February 13, 1946) is the senior United States Senator from Connecticut. He has been in office since 2011. He served as Attorney General of Connecticut from 1991 to 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party.


Wendell Berry

Wendell E. Berry (born August 5, 1934) is an American novelist, poet, environmental activist, critic of culture, and farmer. He has written many novels, short stories, poems, and essays. 

He is an elected member of the Fellowship of Southern Writers and was given The National Humanities Medal. He was named to be the Jefferson Lecturer for 2012. He is also a 2013 Fellow of The American Academy of Arts and Sciences. In 2013 he was given the Richard C. Holbrooke Distinguished Achievement Award. 

On January 28, 2015, he became the first living writer to be added to the Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame.

Wendell Berry is the oldest of four children. His father was a lawyer and tobacco farmer in Henry County, Kentucky. The families of his parents had farmed in Henry County for more than 100 years. 

He went to grade school in New Castle, Kentucky in the 1940s. He read stories of King Arthur's knights and Robin Hood. He also read books such as "The Swiss Family Robinson", "Treasure Island", "The Yearling," and "My Friend Flicka." 

Berry went to high school at Millersburg Military Institute from 1948 to 1952. After that, he studied at the University of Kentucky. By 1957 he got his Master of Arts degree. He married his wife Tanya Amyx. And his first poem was printed in "Poetry" magazine. 

In 1958, he was in a writing class at Stanford University. He studied in a group that included other famous writers, such as Larry McMurtry, Robert Stone, Ernest Gaines, and Ken Kesey. In this class Berry worked on his first novel, "Nathan Coulter", which was printed in April 1960.

In 1961 he got some money that let him take his family to Italy and France for a year. When he came back to the United States, he taught English from 1962 to 1964 at New York University. By 1965 he moved back to Kentucky with his family and taught writing at the University of Kentucky until 1977. During this time he published two novels, five books of poetry, and four books of essays.

Since 1977 he has lived with his family on Lanes Landing Farm outside of Port Royal, Kentucky. He has grown corn and small grain crops. He has a flock of sheep. He has written many books about living in a small community. He also writes about how farmers and all people should care for the land.

Most of Wendell Berry's writing is now printed by Counterpoint/Catapult in Berkeley, California.






Canton of Esch-sur-Alzette

Esch-sur-Alzette () is a canton in the south-west of Luxembourg. Its capital is Esch-sur-Alzette.

With an area of , and a population (2016) of 172,687, the Esch-sur-Alzette canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

The canton borders on the south with the French departments of Moselle and Meurthe-et-Moselle, and with Belgium on the west. In the Pétange commune is the point where where three countries meetː Luxembourg, France and Belgium.

The Esch-sur-Alzette canton has 14 communes (2017 population).


Beth Howland

Elizabeth "Beth" Howland (May 28, 1941 – December 31, 2015) was an American actress. She worked on stage, movies and television. She was best known for playing Vera Gorman in the sitcom "Alice".

Howland died of lung cancer on December 31, 2015 in Santa Monica, California, at the age of 74.


Brian Murphy

Brian Trevor John Murphy (born 25 September 1932) is an English actor. He is best known as the husband George Roper in the sitcom "Man About the House" and spin-off "George and Mildred". he and Brian Wilde are the last surviving actors of last of the summer wine


Caupolicán

Caupolicán was a leader of the Mapuche people of Chile, who decided to choose a supreme war leader in response to the Spanish threat. Caupolican supposedly won the position by demonstrating his superior strength by holding up a tree trunk three days and three nights, though this may be an exaggeration.
In addition to proving his physical power, he also had to improvise a poetical speech to inspire the people to valor and unity. Much of the legend of Caupolican is found in the epic poem La Araucana by Alonso de Ercilla, a major piece of literature about the Spanish conquest of America.


Lautaro

Lautaro was a Mapuche military leader and relevant actor in the Arauco War. His tactics are today studied in many war academies in the world.

Lautaro was also a son of a mapuche Lonco ("chief"). When he was young, he was captured by the spanish colonizators and grew up as personal servant of the spanish conqueror of Chile, Pedro de Valdivia. With him, he learned the military tactics of the spanish army.

As he converted into an adult, he ran away from the spanish captivity and went back with the mapuches. With the knowledge adquired, he introduced the horse into the mapuche people and designed new tactics to combat the conquerors militia. So, he attracted around him the dispersed mapuche warrriors and formed a big native army to fight against the conquerors.

He obtained many military successes, destroying new founded cities and making big pression over the few spanish men in the Chilean territory. After he got a substancial victory in the southern city, he began the advance over Santiago, the capital and oldest spanish founded city. Unhappily for him, he was murdered when he was only 200 km away from his destination.

He is considered an important icon of the Arauco War, due his revolutionary strategy and responsability in the union of the disperse mapuche people.

His name was use by Francisco de Miranda, when he founded the Logia Lautaro an american-independist society of the end of 18 century and the beginning of the 19th century.


Galvarino

Galvarino was a famous Mapuche warrior. In 1557, he fought in the Battle of Lagunillas against the an army of Spanish conquistadors. The battle took place in Chile near the Bio Bio River. He was taken prisoner along with one hundred and fifty other Mapuche. Some prisoners were condemned to amputation of their right hand and nose. Others like Galvarino had both hands cut off. He was released and told to tell the Mapuche chief Caupolicán to surrender to stop more bloodshed. He did just the opposite. He urged the Mapuche to continue fighting against the Spanish invaders. Less than a month later, on November 30, 1557, with knives fastened to both of his wrists he fought at the Battle of Millarupe. It was supposed to be a surprise attack but the Mapuche sprang the trap too early. In the battle, over 3,000 Mapuche warriors were killed. Galvarino was one of several hundred who were captured. He was sentenced to be hung. Some say he was executed by being thrown to the dogs. Others claim he was hanged. Still others say he killed himself before he could be executed.



Directed evolution

Directed evolution (DE) is a method used to produce enzymes for industrial or medical purposes.

The method is protein engineering which mimics natural selection. 

The basic idea is to put a gene through repeated rounds of mutation, to make a library of variants. Selection isolates genes with the desired function. They are a template for the next round. 

This can be done "in vivo" (in living cells of bacteria or yeast), or "in vitro" (free in solution or microdroplets). 

Testing more mutants increases the chances of finding one with the desired properties.

During "in vivo" evolution, each cell (usually bacteria or yeast) is transformed with a plasmid containing a different member of the variant library. Only the gene of interest differs between the cells, with all other genes being kept the same. 

The cells express the protein either in their cytoplasm or surface where its function can be tested. This format has the advantage of selecting for properties in a cellular environment, which is useful when the evolved protein or RNA is to be used in living organisms. 

When done without cells, DE uses "in vitro" transcription translation to produce proteins or RNA free in solution or inside artificial microdroplets. This has the benefit of allowing more conditions (e.g. temperature, solvents). It can express proteins that would be toxic to cells. Furthermore, "in vitro" evolution experiments can generate far larger libraries (up to 10) because the library DNA need not be inserted into cells. That often limits what can be done. 

When functional proteins have been isolated, it is necessary that their genes are too, therefore a genotype-phenotype link is required. 

This can be covalent, where the mRNA gene is linked to the protein at the end of translation by puromycin. 

Alternatively the protein and its gene can be kept together, or in emulsion droplets. The gene sequences isolated are then multiplied by PCR or by transformed host bacteria. Either the single best sequence, or a pool of sequences can be used as the template for the next round of mutagenesis. The repeated cycles of diversification-selection-amplification make enzyme variations adapted to the selection process.

US engineer Frances Arnold has won the Millennium Technology Prize for pioneering directed evolution.

Cave catfish

Cave catfish is a name used for species of catfish which live in caves or underground environments.

Species known specifically as cave catfish include:

Other catfish that live in caves include:


Alec John Such

Alexander John Such (November 14, 1951 – June 4, 2022) was an American bassist. He was best known as a founding member of the rock band Bon Jovi, and as their bass player, from 1983 to 1994. He was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 2018. He was born in Yonkers, New York.

Such died on June 4, 2022 from a heart attack at his home in Horry County, South Carolina, aged 70.

Alvin and the Chipmunks 4: The Road Chip

Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Road Chip is a 2015 movie starring Jason Lee as David Seville. The main characters for the movie are Alvin, Simon, Theodore and the Chipettes. The movie was released on December 18, 2015.

Four years after the events of , Alvin, Simon, and Theodore, along with the Chipettes – Brittany, Jeanette, and Eleanor – set up a surprise birthday bash for Dave that also serves as a good-luck and going-away party for the Chipettes, who are scheduled to be guest judges on "American Idol". Alvin invites and hires many people and celebrities to the dismay of Simon before Dave returns home in dissatisfaction. Nevertheless, Dave agrees to take them to mini-golf, and meet Samantha, the woman he has been dating for the past few months. While the Chipmunks like Samantha, her son Miles is a bully who physically abuses the trio. Later, the Chipmunks find an engagement ring in a bag Dave brought home and believe that he is going to propose to Samantha. Realizing in horror that Dave and Samantha getting married would make Miles their step-brother, they try to steal the ring, but are unsuccessful.

Dave has to produce a record for rising pop artist Ashley Grey in Miami, and decides to bring Samantha along with him. The Chipmunks and Miles are staying together, but they agree to head to Miami to sabotage the supposed proposal. The Chipmunks drug three squirrels and dress them up in their clothes to fool their hard-of-seeing neighbor Ms. Price , who was asked to look after them. The Chipmunks travel on a plane, but Theodore lets out a monkey, which then lets out several animals which cause an emergency landing and bring the ire of unscrupulous Air Marshal James Suggs, who reveals to have a grudge against the Chipmunks because his girlfriend dumped him for being so into them at the time, effectively eliminating his shot of becoming an FBI agent. As revenge on them, they are put on the No Fly List.

The Chipmunks perform at a bar, but this is interrupted by Suggs, and they cause a bar brawl as a diversion. They jump into a cab sitting outside. After the cab driver learns that they cannot pay him, he kicks the four out of the cab. The Chipmunks and Miles rest at an old tree, and he reveals that his father left him when he was five years old, causing the four to bond and see each other in different lights. They raise money to take a bus to New Orleans, and sing "Uptown Funk" at the Mardi Gras parade, which gets the attention of Dave when it is broadcast on live television and allows for the Chipmunks to cause Suggs, who has followed them, to get drunk on moonshine.

Dave and Samantha meet Miles and the Chipmunks at Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport and ground them for what they did. Because the Chipmunks are now on the No Fly List, Dave has to drive the boys. Dave is very disappointed in them. When they arrive in Miami, Alvin reveals that he stole the ring from the container, thus ruining the proposal. However, Miles had bonded with the Chipmunks during their trip and was upset that they were celebrating over this, thinking they just didn’t want to have him around. He crosses the street with his headphones on and is almost hit by a car, but the Chipmunks swing Theodore and push Miles out of the way, saving his life. They agree to give the ring back.

During the dinner, Suggs catches up with the Chipmunks, but they trap him in an elevator. Miles and the Chipmunks return the ring to Dave saying they accept Samantha and Miles into the family, but Dave reveals he never intended to propose to Samantha for the time being, and the ring belonged to his friend Barry, who was proposing to his girlfriend, Alice, who is disgusted to find a breath mint inside the container, which Alvin had placed there as a replacement for the ring. Dave is very disappointed in the Chipmunks, so they try to make it up to him by singing a new song to him at the launch party with the help of the Chipettes, Ashley and Miles. They also return the ring to Barry, who reattempts his proposal to Alice, and this time, Alice accepts. Having forgiven them (while also apologizing for going overboard with his no music policy), Dave returns to Los Angeles with the Chipmunks and officially adopts them as his sons, but becomes frustrated after discovering that the squirrels destroyed everything at their house. Later, Suggs escapes the elevator and decides to relax by the pool, only for two security guards to carry him out of the hotel.

Belp

Belp is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland 
administrative district in the canton of Berne, Switzerland.

It is close to Bern's Belp Airport.

The municipality of Belpberg merged on 1 January 2012 into the municipality of Belp.


Ideal Landscape with a Young Man Killing a Snake

Ideal Landscape with a Young Man Killing a Snake is an oil painting by Franz Caucig (1755 – 1828), a Neoclassical painter. He made the painting before 1810. The size of the painting is . The painting is in the National Gallery of Slovenia.

On the left is an aqueduct and a group of trees. On the right a young man kills a snake on the bank of a river. The sky has dark clouds. The sun shines on the river and on the young man.

The theme of nature is common in Neoclassicism. The works of Immanuel Kant and neoclassical English philosophers were popular at this time.

Bettenhausen, Switzerland

Bettenhausen is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011 the former municipality of Bollodingen merged into the municipality of Bettenhausen.

Delta IV

The Delta IV is a rocket made to launch satellites. It has many different types including Medium, Medium+, and Heavy for many different types of satellites orbiting at many different altitudes above the Earth. The Delta IV launches at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida and at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.

The Delta IV has launched 32 times. The first flight was on November 20, 2002, and it launched the "Eutelsat W5" communications satellite into geostationary transfer orbit (GTO).

The Delta IV rocket comes in many different types meant to launch different sizes and kinds of satellites.
The least powerful kind of the Delta IV rocket is the Medium type. It has 1 main Common Booster Core (CBC) as the first stage of the rocket, using the RS-68 engine, and the second stage is like from the Delta III rocket, but it has been changed. It uses a 4-meter payload fairing to cover the satellite during the launch of the rocket. This kind has launched 3 times.
The Delta IV Medium+ (4,2) is like the Medium type, but it has two GEM-60 solid rocket boosters strapped onto the CBC. This kind has launched 13 times, and is the kind of Delta IV rocket that has launched the most times.

The Delta IV Medium+ (5,2) is like the (4,2), but the second stage and fairing has a larger diameter. This kind has launched 2 times.

The Delta IV Medium+ (5,4) is like the (5,2), but it has two more GEM-60 solid rocket boosters. This kind has launched 5 times.

The Delta IV Heavy is the biggest kind of Delta IV rockets. It has two CBC strapped onto it like solid rocket boosters. This kind has launched 9 times, and is the most powerful rocket currently doing launches (the most powerful rocket ever is the Saturn V).



Giant Bible of Echternach

The Giant Bible of Echternach, Echternacher Riesenbibel or Gothaer Riesenbibel is an illuminated Bible from the 11th century. It is written in the Latin language. It was made for the abbot of Echternach sometime between 1051 and 1081. The Bible is in the National Library of Luxembourg (formerly Gotha). 

The Giant Bible of Echternach was made at the Abbey Echernach. The abbey is famous for its scriptorium and its illuminated manuscripts from the 11th century.


Biglen

Biglen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Bauen

Bauen was a municipality of the canton of Uri in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Bauen became a part of Seedorf.


Canton of Mersch

Mersch () is a canton in the centre of Luxembourg. Its capital is Mersch.

It is the only canton, other than Luxembourg, to be entirely surrounded by other cantons, and therefore not to have an international boundary.

With an area of , and a population (2017) of 31,351, the Mersch canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

The canton has the Diekirch canton to the north, the Echternach canton to the east, the Grevenmacher canton to the southeast and the Luxembourg canton to the south. The canton borders, to the west, with the Redange canton.

The Mersch canton has 11 communes (2016 population).


Nancy Dow

Nancy Maryanne Dow (July 22, 1936 – May 25, 2016) was an American actress and model. She appeared in a brief group of movies and television shows such as "The Beverly Hillbillies", "The Wild Wild West" and the 2005 movie "Pure". She was married to Greek American actor John Aniston with whom she had a daughter, actress Jennifer Aniston (born February 11, 1969).

Dow died at a hospital in Los Angeles, California on May 25, 2016 from complications from a stroke, aged 79.

Howard Golden

Howard Golden (born 1925, died January 24, 2024) is an American civil servant. He was the long-time Democratic borough president of Brooklyn serving from 1977 to December 31, 2001.

Guy Molinari

Gaetano Victor "Guy" Molinari (November 23, 1928 – July 25, 2018) was an American politician. He was a former United States Representative who served in Congress from 1981 through 1989. He also served as borough president of Staten Island, New York from 1990 through 2001.

Molinari died of pneumonia on July 25, 2018 in Manhattan, aged 89.

Helen M. Marshall

Helen M. Marshall (September 30, 1929 – March 4, 2017) was an American politician from New York. She was Borough President of Queens from 2002 to 2013.

Marshall died on March 4, 2017 under hospice care in Palm Desert, California, aged 87.

Claire Shulman

Claire K. Shulman (February 23, 1926 in Brooklyn, New York – August 16, 2020 in Queens, New York) was an American politician. She was the borough president of Queens, New York City from 1986 until 2002. She was the first woman to hold this position in Queens history.

Shulman died on August 16, 2020 of lung cancer at the age of 94.


Joe Fleishaker

Joseph Isaac Fleishaker (1954 – May 23, 2016) was an American character actor. He was born in Brooklyn. He was best known for his appearances in low-budget cult and horror movies such as those made by Troma Entertainment. He appeared in "Troma's War", "Sgt. Kabukiman N.Y.P.D." and "Tromeo and Juliet". He also appeared in several skits on "Late Show with David Letterman".

Fleishaker died of a heart attack at a hospital in The Bronx, New York on May 23, 2016, aged 62.


Gyula Kosice

Gyula Kosice, born Ferdinand Fallik (April 26, 1924 – May 25, 2016), was a Czechoslovakian-born naturalized Argentine sculptor, plastic artist, theoretician and poet. He was of Jewish descent and one of the most important figures in kinetic. He created monumental sculptures, hydrospatial walks, hydrowalls, etc. He made more than 40 personal and 500 collective exhibitions all over the world. Kosice was the first artist to use neon in sculpture and early on water in his work.


Berend Jan Udink

Berend Jan "Bé" Udink (12 February 1926 – 24 May 2016) was a Dutch politician.

He was elected in the Rijnmondraad (Council of Rijnmond), a local council of representatives of Rijnmond, in 1965. Two years later, in 1967, he became Minister for Development Cooperation in the Cabinet-De Jong, a post he held till 1971. In 1971, Udink became minister of Transport, Public Works and Water Management in the Cabinets-Biesheuvel I and II.

His political career ended in 1973. From 1973 till 1978 he was member of the Board of Directors of the (as Dutch gas and electricity company) and from 1978 till 1980 he served as its President.

Udink was married with three children and a Remonstrant.


Franz Caucig

Franz Caucig, Franco Caucig or Francesco Caucig, also known in Slovene as Franc Kavčič or Frančišek Caucig (4 December 1755, Gorizia – 17 November, 1828, Vienna) was an Italian painter. He was born on December 4 1755 in Gorizia. His father Andrew was a tailor, of the Volče family, originally from Tolmino. His mother was Catherine Kaknes (Cacnos).


Arturo Pomar

Arturo Pomar Salamanca (September 1, 1931 – May 26, 2016) was a Spanish chess grandmaster (GM). He was born in Palma de Mallorca, Spain. He was a chess prodigy because he won the championship of the Balearic Islands at the age of 11 and became a master at 13. He was Spanish Champion seven times (1946, 1950, 1957, 1958, 1959, 1962, and 1966), and Sub-Champion four times (1951, 1956, 1964, and 1969).

Pomar died on May 26, 2016 in Barcelona, Spain, aged 84.


Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir

Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir ("", ‎; 15 May 1920 – 12 May 2019) was the patriarch of Lebanon's largest Christian body, the Maronite Church, an Eastern Catholic Church in communion with the Holy See. He was also a Cardinal. He was elected Patriarch of Antioch for the Maronites on 27 April 1986, and his resignation was accepted on 26 February 2011. Bechara Boutros al-Rahi became patriarch following the resignation.

Sfeir was the third Maronite Cardinal and the 76th Patriarch of the Maronite Church with the official title of "His Beatitude and Eminence the seventy-sixth Patriarch of Antioch and the Whole Levant".

Sfeir was born in Rayfoun. He died of a chest infection on 12 May 2019 in Beirut. He was 98.


Lewis Fiander

Lewis Fiander (12 January 1938 – 24 May 2016) was an Australian movie, stage, television and actor.

He appeared in such movies as "I Start Counting" (1970), "Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde" (1971), "Dr. Phibes Rises Again" (1972), "The Abdication" (1974), "Who Can Kill a Child?" (1976), "Not Now, Comrade" (1976), "Sweeney 2" (1978), "The Doctor and the Devils" (1985), "Georgia" (1988) and "Paperback Romance" (1994).

Fiander died in Melbourne, Victoria on 24 May 2016 from a stroke, aged 78.


Ted Dumitru

Theodore "Ted" Dumitru (born Dumitru Teodorescu; September 2, 1939 – May 26, 2016) was a Romanian football manager. He last worked as a technical director for Mamelodi Sundowns in the South African Premier Soccer League. He was the former coach of the South Africa national football team. Dumitru was one of a few coaches to have guided the 'big three' in South Africa Kaizer Chiefs, Sundowns and Orlando Pirates.

Buck Kartalian

Buck Kartalian (August 13, 1922 – May 24, 2016) was an American actor. He appeared in more than 70 movies and television shows between 1953 and 2006. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Kartalian was known for his roles in "Cool Hand Luke" (1967), "Planet of the Apes" (1968), "Conquest of the Planet of the Apes" (1972), "The Outlaw Josey Wales" (1976) and in "The Rock" (1996)

Kartalian died on May 24, 2016 in Mission Hills, California, aged 93.

Hedy Epstein

Spag-Hedy Epstein (15 August 1924 – 26 May 2016), "née" Wachenheimer, was a German-born Jewish-American political activist. She was known for her support of the Palestinian cause through the International Solidarity Movement. She was born in Freiburg to a Jewish family. She was rescued from Nazi Germany by the Kindertransport in 1939. She immigrated to the United States in 1948, and lived in St. Louis, Missouri for many years.

Epstein died at her home in St. Louis on May 26, 2016, aged 91, of cancer.


Frankie Manning

Frankie Manning (May 26, 1914 – April 27, 2009) was an American dancer, choreographer and instructor. He helped develop the Lindy Hop, an American dance from Harlem, New York City. At age 75, Manning received a 1989 Tony Award for co-choreographing "Black and Blue", a musical on Broadway.

Manning wrote an autobiography, "Frankie Manning: Ambassador of Lindy Hop". 

Manning was born in Jacksonville, Florida. He died at age 94 in Manhattan, New York City.

The Truth Seekers

The Truth Seekers (Chinese: 真探) is a Singaporean drama television series. It is produced and shown on Mediacorp Channel 8. It began its run from 28 April 2016. There are 23 episodes. It stars Chen Hanwei, Rebecca Lim, Desmond Tan and Yusuke Fukuchi as the main characters. They play a team of cold case private investigators, who look into unsolved cases from years ago and break new ground with the help of scientific and technological advancements. During their investigations, members of the crime-busting team fall in – and out – of love as they learn other hidden truths about themselves and their comrades.



Lindy Hop

Lindy Hop is an American dance. It started in Harlem, New York City in the 1920s and 1930s. It was originally associated with jazz and tap dance. It was popular from the 1920s to the 1940s. The Lindy Hop was a mixture of many dances before it, like the Charleston, tap and breakaway dances.

Frankie Manning helped develop the dance.

Lindy Hop today is danced as a social, competitive or performance dance. It is also sometimes called a street dance.

Volleyball at the 2016 Summer Olympics

The volleyball tournaments at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro were played between 6 and 21 August. Twenty-four volleyball teams and 48 beach volleyball teams, totalling 386 athletes, participated in the tournament. The indoor volleyball competition was held at Ginásio do Maracanãzinho in Maracanã, and the beach volleyball tournament took place at Copacabana Beach.


Clovis Maksoud

Clovis Maksoud (December 17, 1926 – May 15, 2016) was an American diplomat and journalist. He was born in Bristow, Oklahoma.

He served as Ambassador of the Arab League to India from 1961 through 1966, to the United Nations from 1979 through 1990 and at the same time to the United States. He worked with presidents John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush.

Besides from being an ambassador, Maksoud was the senior editor of Al-Ahram. He also served as professor of International Relations and director of the Center for the Global South at American University in Washington, D.C..

Maksoud died on May 15, 2016 at a hospital in Washington, D.C. from a cerebral hemorrhage at the age of 89.

Canton of Redange

Redange () is a canton in the west of Luxembourg. Its capital is Redange, also called as Redange-sur-Attert.

On 1 January 1979, the "communes" of Arsdorf, Bigonville, Folschette and Perlé were merged to make the new "commune" of Rambrouch. The number of communes in the canton changed from 13 to 10.

With an area of , and a population (2017) of 18,351, the Redange canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

The canton has the Wiltz canton to the north, the Diekirch canton to the northeast, the Mersh canton to the east and the Capellen canton to the south. The canton of Redange borders, to the west, with two "arrondissements" of Belgiumː Arlon and Bastogne.

The Redange canton has 10 communes (2016 population).


Zim, Minnesota

Zim is an unincorporated place in McDavitt Township, St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Zim got its name from a nearby lumber camp of a man named Zimmerman. Nearby is the "Sax-Zim Bog", one of the world's best birdwatching places. It was named for the two nearby, mostly uninhabited, towns of Zim and Sax. Every February the habitat hosts a three-day festival for birdwatchers.

Agarn

Agarn (Walliser German: "Agaru") is a municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Bleienbach

Bleienbach is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Bleiken bei Oberdiessbach

Bleiken bei Oberdiessbach is a former municipality of the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne, Switzerland. 

On 1 January 2014 the former municipality of Bleiken bei Oberdiesbach merged into the municipality of Oberdiessbach.

Law of definite composition

The law of definite proportions states that a chemical compound always has exactly the same proportion of elements by mass. Joseph Proust, a French chemist, first observed it in 1794. For this reason, it is sometimes called Proust's law. 

Amounting to the same thing is the law of constant composition. This states that all samples of a given chemical compound have the same elemental composition by mass. For example, oxygen makes up about / of the mass of any sample of pure water, while hydrogen makes up the remaining / of the mass. The law of definite proportions is the basis of stoichiometry, together with the law of multiple proportions.

Note that there are some compoonds, where this law cannot be applied: They are called non-stoichiometric compounds. Commonly they are metals. 

Union Army of the West

The Union Army of the West was a Union Army in the Western Theater of the American Civil War. It was made up of only four brigades and operated in Missouri. It was formed shortly after May 10, 1861 and was disbanded on August 19, 1861. The Army of the West was commanded by Brigadier general Nathaniel Lyon until his death at the Battle of Wilson's Creek on August 10, 1861.

By the time the Civil War started, Missouri had already already been engaged in a border war between free-soilers and proslavery forces over statehood for neighboring Kansas. Both parties raided both sides of the border. There was a great deal of lawlessness and panic in the region. When the Civil War started, the issue became whether Missouri would join the Confederacy or remain loyal to the Union. The newly elected governor in 1860 was Claiborne Fox Jackson. While he openly did not call for secession from the Union, he was making plans for Missouri to join the Confederacy. He knew the most important resource in the state was the federal arsenal at St. Louis. There was only a small detachment of Union soldiers that guarded the arsenal and were under the command of Captain Lyon. Jackson called out his state militia.

Meanwhile, the United States Secretary of War, Simon Cameron, had sent a letter to Lyon, the temporary commander of the arsenal, authorizing him to raise more companies of Union soldiers. It was endorsed by President Abraham Lincoln and Lieutenant general Winfield Scott. On May 10, 1861, Lyon surrounded the camp of the Missouri Militia and arrested all of the members. He marched his prisoners through the streets of St. Louis to the arsenal. When Southern sympathizers in St. Louis started a riot, Lyon quickly put it down. Many of the rioters were killed.

Brigadier general William S. Harney, who had left Lyon in temporary command, returned to St. Louis with two companies of Union artillery and two companies of Union infantry. He reassureed the citizens of St. Louis that the Union army would protect them. He condemned the actions of the state legislature and governor in making any effort to join the Southern cause. He also wrote to General Scott saying he approved of Lyon's actions. On May 17, 1861, Lyon was promoted to the rank of brigadier general, his date of rank being 18 May.

The history of the Union Army of the West begins with Lyon's promotion to brigadier general and his being given overall command. His forces were made up of a combination of regular United States Army and volunteer units from Missouri, Iowa and Kansas. The Army of the West was made up of the following brigades:


On June 13, 1861, after failed negotiations with Governor Jackson, Lyon quickly moved his army to attack the pro-confederate forces at Jefferson City, Missouri. the state capital. He moved quickly enough to catch them unprepared. On June 15, the Army of the West occupied Jefferson City. On June 17, both sides fought the Battle of Boonville which lasted only about 30 minutes. The Union forces completely routed the pro-confederates. Jackson and most of his militia retreated to the southwest corner of Missouri, close to Confederate help from Arkansas.

By the second week of July 1861, the Army of the West was camped at Springfield, Missouri. In total, Lyon had about 5,400 soldiers in his command. About 75 miles to the southwest of Springfield, the pro-south militia were camped. They were under the command of Major general Sterling Price. Price was joined by Confederate generals Benjamin McCulloch and Nicholas Bartlett Pearce. Combined their forces numbered about 12,000. In late July both forces started moving closer to together under the command of McCulloch.

On August 9, 1861, Lyon marched his troops from Springfield to where the Confederates were now camped at Wilson Creek. His plan called for Colonel Sigel to do a flanking maneuver on the Confederates and attack them from their rear. The rest of Lyon's forces would attack from the north. On August 10, the (first) Battle of Wilson's Creek began with Sigel's flanking maneuver which surprised the Confederate army. It allowed the Union army an early advantage. The two armies fought fiercely in the fields and hills around Wilson's Creek. After six hours of fighting and numerous casualties on both sides, the Union forces withdrew. During the battle, Lyon was killed and Major Sturgis replaced him. Three times the confederates attacked the Union line and failed to break through all three times. After the third attack at about 11:00 am, the Confederates fell back. With his ammunition running low and his men exhausted Sturgis withdrew to Springfield. Too disorganized to follow, the Confederate army did not pursue. While it was a technical victory for the Confederates, the Union army kept control of Missouri for the rest of the war.

After the battle, the Army of the West fell back to Rolla, Missouri, then back to St. Louis. From there the various units were sent to other commands. On August 19, 1861 the Army of the West was officially disbanded.



Canton of Remich

Remich () is a canton in the southeast of Luxembourg. Its capital is Remich.

On 1 January 2012, the "communes" of Burmerange and Wellenstein were merged with the "commune" of Schengen.

With an area of , and a population (2017) of 21,987, the Remich canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

The canton has the Grevenmacher canton to the northeast, the Esch-sur-Alzette canton to the west and the Luxembourg canton to the northwest. The canton of Remich borders, to the east, with two districts of Germanyː Trier-Saarburg and Merzig-Wadern, and to the south with the Moselle department in France.

In the Schengen commune is the point where where three countries meetː Luxembourg, France and Germany.

The Remich canton has 8 communes (2016 population).


Canton of Vianden

Vianden () is a canton in the north of Luxembourg. Its capital is Vianden.

On 1 January 2006, the "communes" of Bastendorf (in the Diekirch canton) and Fouhren were merged to form the "commune" of Tandel.

Vianden is the smallest canton of Luxembourgh, with an area of , and a population (2017) of 5,162; it has a population density of inhabitants/km².

The canton has the Diekirch canton to the south, southwest and west; and the Clervaux canton to the northwest. To the east, it borders with the Eifelkreis Bitburg-Prüm district (Rhineland-Palatinate state), Germany.

The Vianden canton has 3 communes (2017 population).


Canton of Wiltz

Wiltz () is a canton in northwestern Luxembourg. Its capital is Wiltz.

On 1 January 2012, the "communes" of Heiderscheid and Neunhausen were merged with the "commune" of Esch-sur-Sûre.

With an area of , and a population (2017) of 16,449, the Wiltz canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

The canton has the Clervaux canton to the north, the Diekirch canton to the east and the Redange canton to the south. The canton of Wiltz borders, to the west, with the "arrondissement" of Arlon, (Belgium).

The Wiltz canton has 7 communes (2016 population).


Angela Paton

Angela Paton (January 11, 1930 – May 26, 2016) was an American theater, TV and movie actress. She was known for her roles as Mrs. Lancaster, the innkeeper, in "Groundhog Day" (1993), Grandma in "American Wedding" (2003) and Mrs. Holmes in "Lolita" (1997).

Paton died on May 26, 2016 in Oakland, California from a heart attack, aged 86.


Kai G. Henriksen

Kai Henning Gjesdal Henriksen (21 May 1956 – 27 May 2016) was a Norwegian businessperson. He was a former politician for the Conservative Party of Norway. He served a period as the chief executive officer of Storebrand Bank. He was born in Tromsdalen. Henriksen was CEO of the Norwegian government-owned wine and spirits retail monopoly company, AS Vinmonopolet from 2006 until his death in 2016.

Henriksen died on 27 May 2016 in Oslo, Norway from complications of pancreatic cancer, aged 60.

Beatenberg

Beatenberg is a municipality of the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Blumenstein

Blumenstein is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Frequency-hopping spread spectrum

Frequency hopping spread spectrum is a method of transmitting data wirelessly, using many different frequencies. After a given time, the transmitter and receiver change the frequency on which they transmit the signal. They do this in a seemingly random way, but both have agreed on the order in which they use the frequencies.

Technologies such as Bluetooth use it.

It is one of the technologies generally referred to as Spread spectrum.

NK Osijek

N.K. Osijek is a football club which plays in Croatia.

Nathaniel Lyon

Nathaniel Lyon (July 14, 1818 – August 10, 1861) was the first Union general that was killed in the American Civil War. He died while leading his men at the Battle of Wilson's Creek. He is noted for his military actions in the state of Missouri in 1861.

Lyon was born on July 14, 1818, in Ashford, Connecticut. He was the seventh out of nine children born to Amasa and Kezia Knowlton Lyon. His father was a farmer and also a justice of the peace. He grew up on their family farm. When his older brother died, Lyon became the object of his father's anger. Lyon hated farming and wanted to be like his ancestors who fought in the American Revolutionary War.

On July 1, 1837, Lyon entered the United States Military Academy at West Point. William Tecumseh Sherman, who was a classmate and one year ahead of Lyon, described him as a "lymphatic boy, who didn't seem to have energy enough to make a man." But Lyon did well at the academy. He graduated in 1841, 11th out of a class of 52. Lyon fought in the Second Seminole War in Florida and in the Mexican-American War. During the War with Mexico, he received several promotions for gallantry under fire at the battles of Mexico City, Contreras, and Churubusco. He was then sent to California where developed a reputation as an Indian fighter. Lyon was next sent to Fort Riley in Kansas. There he began to develop strong support for the Union as a result of the political climate developing in the state.

When the Civil War began on April 12, 1861, the entire state of Missouri was divided between pro-Confederate and pro-Union forces. Through political connections, and even though a Captain, Lyon was given command of the St. Louis arsenal. He sent almost all the gunpowder and weapons to safety in Illinois. The United States Secretary of War, Simon Cameron, had sent a letter to Lyon, the temporary commander of the arsenal, authorizing him to raise more companies of Union soldiers. It was endorsed by President Abraham Lincoln and Lieutenant general Winfield Scott. Lyon then recruited thousands of untrained volunteers from among the German community in St. Louis. Most German immigrants were against slavery which made them unpopular among many of the city's pro-Confederate citizens.

Tensions grew between the Union soldiers stationed there and the secessionist governor of the state, Claiborne Jackson. When the Civil War broke out, Jackson refused to send volunteers from the state to fight for Abraham Lincoln. Instead, the governor had the state militia muster outside the city to begin training in preparation to join the Confederate forces. The governor knew the most important resource in the state was the federal arsenal at St. Louis. Lyon realized what the governor was doing. On May 10, 1861, Lyon and his troops surrounded the pro-Confederate Missouri militia and forced them to surrender. While marching his captured prisoners through St. Louis, pro-Confederate citizens began to riot. When his German volunteers fired into the mob, 28 people were killed. The incident was called the Camp Jackson Affair. On May 17, Lyon was promoted to brigadier general. He was given command of the Union Army of the West. 

On June 13, 1861, after failed negotiations with Governor Jackson, Lyon quickly moved his army to attack the pro-confederate forces at Jefferson City, Missouri, the state capital. He moved quickly enough to catch them unprepared. On June 15, the Army of the West occupied Jefferson City. Lyon installed a pro-Union government after Jackson and most of his militia retreated to the southwest corner of Missouri. Lyon moved his army to go after the rebels. On June 17, both sides fought the Battle of Boonville which lasted only about 30 minutes. The Union forces completely routed the pro-confederates. He then lead his troops into a series of skirmishes with the Missouri State Guard and the Confederate Army.

He next moved to Springfield, Missouri where the army camped. On August 10, Lyon's Army of the West was defeated by a combined force of the Missouri Militia and Confederate troops under the command of Benjamin McCulloch near Springfield, Missouri. This was called the first Battle of Wilson’s Creek. Lyon was killed while trying to rally his outnumbered soldiers. However, Lyon’s efforts prevented the State of Missouri from joining the Confederacy.

When the Union army retreated from Wilson's Creek, Lyon's body was mistakenly left behind on the battlefield. Confederate soldiers found him and took his body to Springfield. There he was examined by Dr. Melcher, a surgeon with the Confederate Missouri Militia. The doctor described Lyon: 


Bolligen

Bolligen is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district of the canton of Berne
in Switzerland.

David Bryan

David Bryan Rashbaum (born February 7, 1962), better known as David Bryan, is the keyboard player of American rock band Bon Jovi. With the band, he has co-written songs and sings backing vocals. 

He is also the co-writer of the successful Broadway musical "Memphis". He wrote the music and lyrics. Joe DiPietro wote the book and some lyrics.

"Memphis" played on Broadway from October 18, 2009 to August 5, 2012. The Broadway production won Best Musical in the Live Theatre division of the Golden Icon Awards, as well as four Tony Awards including Best Musical and four Drama Desk Awards. These make "Memphis" the most nominated show on Broadway.

Bryan also co-wrote the musical "The Toxic Avenger", also with Joe DiPietro. The musical made its off-Broadway premiere at New World Stages on April 6, 2009. 


Sterling Price

Sterling Price (September 20, 1809 – September 29, 1867) was a soldier, lawyer, planter, and politician from the U.S. state of Missouri. He served as a United States Army brigadier general during the Mexican-American War. He was governor of Missouri from 1853 to 1857. During the American Civil War Price was a Major general serving with the Confederate States Army. He is best known for his victories in New Mexico and Chihuahua during the Mexican conflict, and for his defeats at the Battles of Pea Ridge and Westport during the Civil War. Following the war, Price took his remaining troops to Mexico rather than surrender. He tried unsuccessfully to seek service with Emperor Maximilian. He finally returned to Missouri, where he died in poverty and was buried in St. Louis.

Price was born near Farmville, in Prince Edward County, Virginia. His family was of Welsh origin. Price attended Hampden-Sydney College in 1826 and 1827, studying law and working at the courthouse near his home. He was admitted to the Virginia bar and opened a law practice.

In the fall of 1831, Price and his family moved to Fayette, Missouri. A year later, they moved to Keytesville, Missouri, where he ran a hotel and mercantile. On May 14, 1833, he married Martha Head of Randolph County, Missouri. They had seven children, five surviving to adulthood.

During the Mormon War of 1838, Price served as a member of a delegation sent from Chariton County, Missouri to investigate disturbance between Latter Day Saints and anti-Mormon mobs in the western part of the state. He reported the Mormons were not guilty of any offenses. Also, that the charges against them were false. Following the Mormon surrender in November 1838, Missouri governor Lilburn Boggs sent Price and a company of solders to protect the Mormons. Price was elected to the Missouri State House of Representatives from 1836–1838, and again from 1840–1844. He was chosen as its speaker. He was then elected as a Democrat to the 29th United States Congress, serving from March 4, 1845, to August 12, 1846. He resigned from the House to participate in the Mexican-American War.

Price raised the Second Regiment, Missouri Mounted Volunteer Cavalry and was appointed its colonel on August 12, 1846. He marched his regiment under Alexander Doniphan to Santa Fe, where he assumed command of the Territory of New Mexico after Gen. Stephen W. Kearny, departed for California. Price served as military governor of New Mexico, and put down the Taos Revolt, an uprising of Native Americans and Mexicans in January 1847.

President James K. Polk promoted Price to brigadier general of volunteers on July 20, 1847. He was named military governor of Chihuahua that same month. He led 300 men from his Army of the West at the Battle of Santa Cruz de Rosales on March 16, 1848, defeating a Mexican force three times his size. This was the last battle of the war, taking place days after the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo had been ratified by the United States Congress on March 10. Although reprimanded by Secretary of War William L. Marcy and ordered to return with his army to New Mexico, Price was not punished. He was honorably discharged on November 25, 1848, and returned to Missouri as a hero.

Price now became a slave owner, and raised tobacco on the Bowling Green prairie. Popular because of his war service, he was easily elected Governor of Missouri in 1852, serving from 1853 to 1857. During his service as governor, Washington University in St. Louis was established, the state's public school system was restructured, the Missouri State Teachers Association was created, the state's railroad network was expanded, and a state geological survey was created. Although the state legislature passed an act to increase the governor's salary, he refused to accept anything except than the salary when he had been elected. Price became the state's Bank Commissioner from 1857 to 1861. He also secured a rail line through his home county, now forming part of the Norfolk and Western Railway.

When the Civil War began, Price was opposed to Missouri's secession. He was elected presiding officer of the Missouri State Convention on February 28, 1861, which voted against the state leaving the Union. The situation changed drastically, however, when Francis Preston Blair, Jr. and Capt. Nathaniel Lyon seized the state militia's Camp Jackson at St. Louis. Outraged by this, Price sided with the secessionists. Pro-Confederate Governor Claiborne Fox Jackson appointed him to command the newly reformed Missouri State Guard in May 1861. He led his young recruits (who nicknamed him "Old Pap") in a campaign to keep Missouri for the Confederacy. The most famous battle of the conflict was the Battle of Wilson's Creek. This occurred on August 10, 1861. The Missouri State Guard along with Confederate troops under the command of Brigadier General Benjamin McCulloch defeated Union troops in the Union Army of the West, under the command of General Lyon. Lyon was killed in the battle. After this victory, Price's troops launched an offensive into Northern Missouri, where they defeated Federal forces commanded by Colonel James Mulligan at the First Battle of Lexington. However, additional Union troops forced Price and Jackson's men to retreat, leaving most of the state to the Union.

Still operating as a Missouri militia general (rather than as a commissioned Confederate officer), Price was unable to agree with his Wilson's Creek colleague, Brigadier General Benjamin McCulloch, as to how to proceed following the battle. This led to the splitting of what might otherwise have become a sizable Confederate force in the West. Price and McCullough became bitter rivals, leading to the ultimate appointment of Maj. Gen. Earl Van Dorn as overall commander of the Trans-Mississippi district. Van Dorn reunited Price's and McCullough's formations into a force he named the Army of the West, and set out to engage Union troops in Missouri under the command of Brig. Gen. Samuel R. Curtis. Now under Van Dorn's command, Price was commissioned in the Confederate States Army as a major general on March 6, 1862.

Outnumbering Curtis's forces, Van Dorn attacked the Union army at Pea Ridge on March 7–8. Although wounded in the fray, Price pushed Curtis's force back at Elkhorn Tavern on the March 7, only to see the battle lost on the following day after a furious Federal counterattack. Price next crossed the Mississippi River to reinforce Gen. P. G. T. Beauregard's army at Corinth, Mississippi. Price was able to seize the Union supply depot at nearby Iuka, but was driven back by Maj. Gen. William S. Rosecrans at the Battle of Iuka on September 19, 1862. A few weeks later, on October 3–4, Price (under Van Dorn's command once more) was defeated with Van Dorn at the Second Battle of Corinth.

Van Dorn was replaced by Maj. Gen. John C. Pemberton, and Price, who had become thoroughly disgusted with Van Dorn and was eager to return to Missouri, obtained a leave to visit Richmond, the Confederate capital. There, he obtained an audience with Confederate President Jefferson Davis to discuss his grievances, only to find his own loyalty to the South sternly questioned by the Confederate leader. Price only barely managed to secure Davis's permission to return to Missouri. Not at all impressed with the Missourian, Davis pronounced him "the vainest man I ever met."

Price was not finished as a Confederate commander, however. He contested Union control over Arkansas in the summer of 1863, and while he won some of his engagements, he was not able to move Union forces out of the state. In early 1864, Confederate General Edmund Kirby-Smith, in command of the Western Louisiana campaign, ordered General Price in Arkansas to send all of his infantry to Shreveport. Confederate forces in the Indian Territory were to join Price in the endeavor. General John B. Magruder in Texas was instructed to send infantry toward Marshall, Texas, west of Shreveport. General St. John R. Liddell was instructed to proceed from the Ouachita River west toward Natchitoches. With a force of five thousand, Price reached Shreveport on March 24. However, Kirby-Smith detained the division and divided it into two smaller ones. He hesitated to send the men south to fight Union General Nathaniel P. Banks, whom he believed outnumbered the Confederate forces. This decision which drew the opposition of General Richard Taylor. But the western campaign was nearing its conclusion.
Despite his disappointments in Arkansas and Louisiana, Price managed to convince his superiors to permit him to invade Missouri in the fall of 1864. He was hoping to win that state for the Confederacy or at the very least imperil Abraham Lincoln's chances for reelection that year. Confederate General Kirby Smith agreed, though he was forced to detach the infantry brigades originally detailed to Price's force and send them elsewhere. This changed Price's proposed campaign from a full-scale invasion of Missouri to a large cavalry raid. Price gathered 12,000 horsemen for his army, and fourteen pieces of artillery.

The first major engagement in Price's Raid occurred at Pilot Knob, where he successfully captured the Union-held Fort Davidson but he needlessly slaughtered many of his men in the process. It was for a gain that turned out to be of no real value. From Pilot Knob, he swung west, away from St. Louis (his primary objective) and toward Kansas City, Missouri and nearby Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. Forced to bypass his secondary target at heavily fortified Jefferson City, Price cut a swath of destruction across his home state. All the while his army steadily grew smaller due to battlefield losses, disease, and desertion. Price defeated inferior Federal forces at Glasgow, Lexington, the Little Blue River and Independence. But Price was ultimately boxed in by two Northern armies at Westport, in today's Kansas City, and forced to fight against a much larger army. This unequal contest, known afterward as "The Gettysburg of the West", did not go his way, and he was forced to retreat into hostile Kansas. A new series of defeats followed, as Price's battered and broken army was pushed steadily southward towards Arkansas. Then it was pushed further south into Texas, where Price remained until the war ended. Price's Raid would prove to be his last significant military operation, and the last significant Confederate campaign west of the Mississippi.

Instead of surrendering at the war's end, Price led what was left of his army into Mexico. There he wanted the remains of his army to serve the Emperor Maximilian, but was flatly refused. Price became leader of a Confederate exile colony in Carlota, Veracruz, but when the colony proved to be a failure, he returned to Missouri.

While in Mexico Price started having severe intestinal tract problems. These grew worse in August 1866 when he contracted typhoid fever. Impoverished and in poor health, Price died of cholera (or "cholera-like symptoms") in St. Louis, Missouri. The death certificate listed the cause of death as "chronic diarrhea". Price's funeral was held on October 3, 1867 in St. Louis. The funeral procession, with his body carried by a black hearse drawn by six matching black horses, was the largest funeral procession in St. Louis up to that point. He was buried in Bellefontaine Cemetery.


Elder Tadej Štrbulović

Elder Tadej (Thaddeus) of Vitovnica (10 October 1914 – 13 April 2003) was a Serbian Orthodox Christian elder (known as a staret). He was also a published author. He is best known for writing and teaching the idea that our "thoughts determine the outcome of our lives".

Future Elder Thaddeus was born in Vitovnitsa village, community Petrovac-on-Mlawa, located in Braničevo district, in Serbia on October 6 (19) 1914. The boy was born during the city fair, It was a premature birth and the child was very weak, so his parents hastened to baptise him. The memory of St. Thomas was celebrated that day derfor the boy was christened Tomislav. According to the legend the child opened his eyes only after the Baptism ceremony.

Tomislav's mother died when he was just a little boy and his father remarried. After some time, father's second wife died too and he got married for the third time.

Tomislav's relationship to his both stepmoms were complicated which caused constant quarrels in the house.

The boy did not have any friends among his peers and as he grew up, he felt more and more lonely. Despite family problems Tomislav graduated from high school with honors and intended to fulfil his childhood dream to become a monk, but at the insistence of his father he had to enter the craft and trade school to learn to tailor. 

He later said reflecting on his life: “Since my childhood I realized, that everyone in this world is serving somebody or something: parents serve their children, then children serve their parents and it occurred to me that as long as we all serve one another, I would rather serve God, as He is above everything.”

About this time the boy was diagnosed with tuberculosis. The treatment prescribed to him was painful and complicated, but according to the doctors he would die within 5 years without it. This illness became a turning point in Tomislav’s life. He later recalled: "I made a decision to no longer live for this world but to devote my last remaining days to the Lord". Having made this decision, he left the hospital under his sole responsibility.

By that time, it’ s been a year  since Tomislav wrote his appeal to the Gornjak monastery, now he came to the abbot asking to become  a novice. It so happened that one Russian monk overheard Tomislav’s conversation with the abbot. The next day he said to young man: “Yesterday I heard your conversation and I can tell you that there is only one monastery I know, that lives according to the rules you wish to follow. This is Milkovo monastery. There live some Russian monks, who fled from Valaam. There you will find what your soul is searching for.” 

On July 24, 1932 Tomislav came as  a novice to  the Milkovo Monastery. It was a Russian-Serbian monastery and living there Tomislav had to learn the Russian language. It became a great advantage for him later as he was able to read books in Russian, which he enjoyed all his life.

Monks of the Milkovo monastery followed a very austere prayer life with long services and daily liturgies.  

As Tomislav could not find an experienced confessor able to provide him spiritual guidance, he chose self-study by reading various works on theology and teachings of the early Church Fathers.

In the Mikovo monastery the young man became acquainted with Hieromonk John Maximovich. They enjoyed each other’s company and used to have long conversations while doing numerous monastic jobs.

A year after the abbot died and the situation in the monastery changed. Some monks made a decision to leave Milkovo and in May 1933 they moved to Gornjak monastery. Novice Tomislav went with them.

1935 was an important year in Tomislav’s life as he took his monk's vow in Gornjak monastery with the name Thaddeus.  Soon after he was ordained as a Hierodeacon.

In 1938, a year when according to the doctors’ predictions he was supposed to die, Hierodeacon Thaddeus was ordained to a priesthood. 

When World War II began, Thaddeus together with 4 other monks fled to Belgrade. He lived in the monastery of Rakovica until 1943, when he was arrested by the occupation authorities and condemned to death. 

Father Thaddeus recalled that the angel of The Lord appeared to him and showed him his future life path. 

Father Thaddeus went through several prisons before he in March was transferred to the monastery Voylovitsa.  Hieromonk Vasily Kostic recalled that father Thaddeus was very weak, nevertheless on March 13 he already served the Divine Liturgy together with the Bishop Nicholas (Velimirovic).

From the end of 1970 up to 1981 elder Thaddeus lived in Tuman monastery where he was a spiritual guide and confessor for the sisterhood. At this time a steady stream of pilgrims and penitents came to see father Thaddeus and he often worked around the clock talking to people, hearing confessions and praying for the ill and needy. It was a burdening job for an old man not just physically. As he said “Praying for others we bring a part of their sufferings upon ourselves”.

Though many people believed that elder Thaddeus had foresight, he never admitted it. He used to say ironically: “Well, yes, I definitely get some foresight after climbing on a windowsill”.  

Elder’s health gradually weakened, but in spite of two heart attacks in 90s, he gave himself to the service of the people until the early 2000s.

He departed this life on 13 March 2003 and was buried in the monastery of Vintovitsa. He is venerated by his many spiritual children, especially Serbians and Bosnians, including former Muslims whom he converted to Christ.

Archimandrite John (Radosavljevic) says about elder Thaddeus:

“People of Vitovnica and even of entire country honor him as a great, exceptional confessor, man of prayer and ascetic monk. 

His handsome face of a gray-haired old man was illuminated with spiritual lite and joy. Confessors like him are God’s gracious gift to us in this difficult time.”


Damascus College

Damascus College is the only Catholic high school in Ballarat that teaches both males and females. The school started in 1995 when three different Catholic schools, St Martin's in the Pines, Sacred Heart College and St Paul's College joined. The school is in Mount Clear, 7 km from the heart of Ballarat. Damascus College is a school for high school children in years 7 to 12.

In 1881, the "Sisters of Mercy" started Sacred Heart College in Ballarat East for children from Prep to Year 12. The younger students were moved to St Francis Xavier College in 1906.

The Bishop of Ballarat James O'Collins started St Paul's Technical College in 1948. The Christian Brothers controlled the school.

In 1987 the school moved from Lydiard Street to the old Ballarat Orphanage on Victoria Street.

Miss Alice Fanning gave her land in Mt Clear to the Sisters of Mercy on her death in February 1960. The nuns used the land to farm vegetables and cows. In 1967 the land came to be a school for the Year 11 and 12 girls from Sacred Heart College. The school was named St Martin's in the Pines. In 1988 boys started at the school. Most of the boys were from St Paul's Technical College.

In 1995 Sacred Heart College, St Martin’s in the Pines and St Paul’s Technical College joined into the only male and female Catholic high school in Ballarat. Year 7 to 9 children studied in Victoria St at the old St Paul’s school and Year 10 to 12 children studied in Mt Clear at the old St Martin's in the Pines. In 2011 all children started studying in Mt Clear. Damascus College is jointly supported by the Sisters of Mercy and the parish priests of Ballarat, Ballarat East, Ballarat North, Bungaree, Cressy, Creswick, Daylesford, Gordon, Linton, Redan, Sebastopol, and Wendouree.

The school's educational program is supported in the "College Vision and Mission Statement", the "Teaching and Learning Policy", the "Australian Curriculum", the "Victorian Essential Learning Standards (VELS)", the "Victorian Curriculum and Assessment Authority (VCAA)" and the "Victorian Registration and Qualifications Authority".

The children can learn French or Indonesian from Year 7 to 12. Physical Education and Health are taught in years 7 to 10. Religious Education is taught in all years. Damascus College gives the "Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE)", "Vocational education Training (VET)" and the "Victorian Certificate of Applied Learning (VCAL)" to Year 10, 11 and 12 children.


Since 1998 Damascus College pupils have built Human Powered Vehicles (HPVs). The group trains and competes every year in the RACV Energy Breakthrough Challenge in Maryborough. EBT is a Year 9 subject.

The school won the World Future Cycle Challenge in 2005 and 2007. The group drove 1200 km from Ceduna to Adelaide.

In March 2008 Damascus College rode 1009 km in under 24 hours from Sydney. In 2009, EBT drove 3775 km by solar vehicle from Darwin to the Victorian State Parliament in Melbourne. They helped raise awareness about climate change and how people can lower their environmental impact.

Students can join the senior or junior Drama Club, can participate in the annual production and the biannual Easter production "the Final Hours".
Each year school swimming, athletics and ball sports carnivals are held for all pupils. Damascus College is a member of the Ballarat Associated Schools where students can choose to play for the school in:

Damascus College is divided into different school areas







The Straight Dope

"The Straight Dope" is a newspaper column. Its author uses the pen name "Cecil Adams." Readers send questions in to Adams, and he answers them. He often uses humor in his answers.

The first "Straight Dope" column was published on February 2, 1973. As of 2013, "The Straight Dope" was published in the "Chicago Reader" and syndicated in eight newspapers in the United States.

Most reader questions are answered by Cecil Adams. Adams describes himself as "the world's most intelligent human being." He describes "The Straight Dope's" goal this way:

The name "The Straight Dope" comes from the American idiom meaning roughly "the true information; the full story". The column covers many subjects, including history, science, urban legends, myths, and inventions. The column's motto is: "Fighting ignorance since 1973 (it's taking longer than we thought)."

"The Straight Dope" is illustrated by Slug Signorino.

As of 2016, "The Straight Dope's" website includes all of Adams' new columns, and archives of his past columns. There are also online forums where users can discuss Adams' columns, as well as many other topics.

To date, Adams has published five collections of his columns, and his "assistant," Ed Zotti, has published a children's collection in the Adams style, "Know It All".

In 1996, the A&E Network briefly aired a show based on "The Straight Dope", hosted and co-written by comedian Mike Lukas.

A "Straight Dope" podcast was briefly released in November 2009, but was then cancelled.



Saintpaulia

Saintpaulia, African violets, are small plants from Africa which live in cloud forest habitats. They are herbaceous perennial flowering plants in the family Gesneriaceae.

They are easy to distinguish from other plants by their eye-catching heart-shaped leaves and colourful bright flowers.

Victoria, Hong Kong

Victoria City was one of the first urban settlements in Hong Kong after it became a British colony in 1842. It was named after Queen Victoria, the Queen of the United Kingdom.

In 1857, the British government expanded Victoria City and divided it into seven districts, including Sai Ying Pun, Sheung Wan, Tai Ping Shan and Central. These were located in the area that is now the Central, Western and Wanchai districts.

Victoria City is technically the capital of Hong Kong. However, the name is rarely used today.


Cloud forest

A cloud forest or fog forest is a tropical or subtropical, contains mostly evergreen trees, and is high up on a mountain. There is a large amount of water in the air. Cloud forests have cloud cover for much of the year, usually at the same height as the canopy, the place where the trees' branches meet.

Cloud forests often have mosses covering the ground and large plants. such mossy forests usually grow on the saddles of mountains, where the wind cannot blow away moisture from clouds.

Cloud forests grow from 500 to 4000 meters above sea level. Usually, they grow where the fog is right at the level where the plants grow, so there is less sunlight to burn away the mist. Many of the plants take water through fog drip. Fog drip is when water forms drops on tree leaves and then drips onto the ground below.

Bollodingen

Bollodingen was a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011 it was merged with the municipality of Bettenhausen.

Bürglen, Uri

Bürglen UR is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. Around 3,000 people live in Bürglen. It has an area of .


Alessia Cara

Alessia Caracciolo (born July 11, 1996), known professionally as Alessia Cara, is a Canadian singer and songwriter. She is best known for her hit songs "Here" and "Wild Things".

Cara's singing style has been compared to that of Norah Jones and Adina Howard.

Cara released her first single "Here" in April 2015. The following single, "Scars to Your Beautiful", was released from her first studio album, "Know-It-All". She collaborated with German DJ Zedd on the song "Stay". "Stay", "Here", and "Scars to Your Beautiful" all reached the top ten in the US and was at the top of the US Mainstream Top 40 radio chart.

In 2018, she won the Grammy Award for Best New Artist, one of the "Big Four" awards.

Benjamin McCulloch

Benjamin McCulloch (November 11, 1811 – March 7, 1862) was a soldier in the Texas Revolution, a Texas Ranger, a Major general in the Texas militia and thereafter a major in the United States Army during the Mexican-American War. He was afterwards a U.S. marshal, and a Brigadier general in the army of the Confederate States during the American Civil War. Unlike most generals in the Civil War, he was not a West Point graduate.

McCulloch was born November 11, 1811 in Rutherford County, Tennessee. He was one of thirteen children and the fourth son of Alexander McCulloch and Frances Fisher LeNoir. His father was an officer on Brigadier general John Coffee's staff in 1813 during the Creek War. His mother was a daughter of a prominent Virginian planter. After moving several times the family settled at Dyersburg, where one of their closest neighbors was Davy Crockett. Ben assumed the duties of "man of the house" and probably ended his formal education. This was at about age 14, although his father's library of books added to his continuing education. He helped with running the farm and also joined the local militia. He learned to be a great woodsman under his mentor Davy Crockett. He also learned something else from Crockett, that a military academy education was not necessary to command men in battle.

In 1832, McCulloch headed west. He reached Independence, Missouri too late to join the fur trappers headed for the mountains for the season. He moved on to Galena, Illinois to the lead mines for a time. In the fall of 1832, he returned to Tennessee. He and his brother floated cypress logs down the Obion and Mississippi Rivers to Natchez, Mississippi and New Orleans to market twice a year until 1835.
When Davy Crockett went to Texas in 1835 McCulloch along with his brother Henry decided to go with him. They planned to meet Crockett at Nacogdoches on Christmas Day. The brothers arrived too late, however. McCulloch sent his brother Henry back home and went on to join Crockett at the Alamo in San Antonio. However, before reaching the Alamo, he came down with the measles. By the time he recovered, it was too late and the Alamo had fallen. McCulloch joined the Texas army under Sam Houston in its retreat to East Texas. At the Battle of San Jacinto (April 21, 1836) he commanded one of the cannons nicknamed the "Twin Sisters". At the end of the battle Houston found him and immediately promoted him to first lieutenant.

In 1837, he worked as a surveyor in the area around Gonzales, Texas. There he met and joined Jack Hays' company of Texas Rangers. He became an experienced Indian fighter. He fought in the Battle of Plum Creek in 1840. In 1841 he was part of the expedition against Indians along the tributaries of the Guadalupe River. In 1842 he was elected a first lieutenant in Captain Jack Hays' company of Rangers.

At the start of the Mexican War, McCulloch raised a company of volunteers that became Company A of Colonel Jack Hays' First Regiment, Texas Mounted volunteers. With his skills in tracking and scouting, he was soon named General Zachary Taylor's chief of scouts. He fought at the Battles of Monterey and Buena Vista. When the war ended, he held the rank of major.

McCulloch then scouted for Major General David E. Twiggs but joined the rush to the California gold fields in 1849. He never struck gold, but he was elected sheriff of Sacramento. (His old commander, Colonel Hays, had been elected sheriff of San Francisco on the same day.) His old friends Sam Houston and Thomas J. Rusk, both now in the U.S. Senate, tried to arrange for his appointment to command a frontier army regiment, but his lack of formal education was against him and so the appointment never went through. In 1852, President Franklin Pierce promised him command of the U.S. Second Cavalry, but U.S. Secretary of War Jefferson Davis gave it to Albert Sidney Johnston.

McCulloch was appointed U.S. marshal for the Eastern District of Texas in 1852. He served during the Pierce and the Buchanan administrations. However, conscious of his lack of formal military education, he actually spent much of his term studying military science in libraries in Washington, DC. In the aftermath of the 1858 Utah War, he was one of the peace commissioners who was sent to negotiate with Brigham Young in Utah (the other being former Governor Lazarus W. Powell of Kentucky).

Texas seceded from the union on February 1, 1861, and on February 14, McCulloch received a colonel's commission. He was authorized to demand the surrender of all federal military posts in the state. U.S. Army General Twiggs turned over to McCulloch all federal property in San Antonio. In return, Twigg's troops were to be allowed to leave the state unharmed. On May 11, Davis appointed McCulloch a brigadier general.

McCulloch was placed in command of the Confederate troops in Arkansas. On August 10, 1861, McCulloch's poorly-armed troops defeated the army of General Nathaniel Lyon at the Battle of Wilson's Creek, Missouri.

Afterwards, he was put under the command of Major-Heneral Earl Van Dorn. At the battle of Battle of Pea Ridge, McCulloch was killed by a Union sharpshooter.

McCulloch's body was buried on the field at Pea Ridge. He was later removed to a cemetery in Little Rock. Finally, his body was later moved to the Texas State Cemetery in Austin.

Giorgio Albertazzi

Giorgio Albertazzi (20 August 1923 – 28 May 2016) was an Italian actor movie director, screenwriter and singer. 

He was known for his roles in "Little World of Don Camillo", "Concert of Intrigue", "White Nights", "Last Year at Marienbad", "Eva", "Redhead", "I Married You for Fun", "The Assassination of Trotsky", "Five Women for the Killer", "Mark of the Cop", "Once a Year, Every Year", "Li chiamarono... briganti!", "The Rage" and in "Some Say No".

His best known directed movies were "La governante" and "Gradiva". He sang the soundtrack for "Gli angeli del potere".

Albertazzi died on 28 May 2016 in Roccastrada, Italy, aged 92.

Georges Sesia

Georges Sesia (8 July 1924 – 12 May 2016) was a French footballer who played as a striker. He was born in Villerupt. He made one appearance for the French national team in 1948.

Sesia played for Nancy-Lorraine, FC Nancy, Stade Français Paris, Roubaix-Tourcoing, Strasbourg, Béziers and Merlebach. 

Sesia died on 12 May 2016 in France, aged 91.

Gavyn Farr Arthur

His Honour Judge Sir Gavyn Farr Arthur KStJ GCFO (13 September 1951 – 16 May 2016) was a British judge. He served as the 675th Lord Mayor from 2002 to 2003. He served as Alderman for the Ward of Cripplegate in the City from his election in 1991 until 2005.

Arthur died from a heart attack in London on 16 May 2016, aged 64.

John Webster (British theologian)

John Bainbridge Webster DD FRSE (20 June 1955 – 25 May 2016) was a British theologian of the Anglican Communion. He was born in Mansfield, England. He wrote about systematic, historical and moral theology. He was the Chair of Divinity at St. Mary's College, University of St Andrews, Scotland.

He died at his home in Aberdeen, Scotland on 25 May 2016 at the age of 60. 


Bryce Dejean-Jones

Bryce Alexander Dejean-Jones (August 21, 1992 – May 28, 2016) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He played college basketball for Iowa State University. He played professionally for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA) in 2016.

On May 28, 2016, Dejean-Jones died in Dallas, Texas when he was shot by his ex-girlfriend's neighbour, after breaking into the neighbor's apartment. He thought he was breaking into his ex-girlfriend's apartment. He was 23 years old.


Stanley Burke

Stanley Burke, Jr. (February 8, 1923 – May 28, 2016) was a Canadian television journalist. He was the anchor of CBC Television's "The National News" from 1966 to 1969. The show was renamed "" after he resigned to launch a public campaign on the Biafran civil war.

Burke died at the Kingston General Hospital in Kingston, Ontario on May 28, 2016, aged 93.


František Jakubec

František Jakubec (12 April 1956 – 27 May 2016) was a Czech football player. He played for Bohemians Prague for most of his career. He also played with Veria in the Greek Super League. He was born in Český Brod, Czechoslovakia.

He played for Czechoslovakia national football team (25 matches) and was a non-playing member of their squad at the 1982 FIFA World Cup.

Jakubec died on 27 May 2016 in Prague from a heart attack, aged 60.


David Cañada

David Cañada Gracia (11 March 1975 – 28 May 2016) was a Spanish professional road racing cyclist. He was known for winning the 2006 Volta a Catalunya. He competed in the 2005 Tour de France. Cañada was unable to compete in the 2009 season, due to treatment for skin cancer which had been detected in 2007, and retired early in the 2010 season.

He at the age of 41 after a fall during a cycling event, aged 41.

Civil Air Patrol

The Civil Air Patrol (CAP) is a non-profit organization that serves as the official civilian auxiliary of the United States Air Force (USAF). CAP is a volunteer organization with members from many backgrounds. It performs three missions: emergency services, which includes search and rescue (by air and ground) and disaster relief operations; aeronautics education for youth and the general public; and cadet programs for teenage youth.

Membership in the organization consists of cadets ranging from 12 to just under 21 years of age. Senior members are 18 years of age and up. All members wear uniforms while performing their duties.


Juicy (The Notorious B.I.G. song)

"Juicy" is the first single by American rapper the Notorious B.I.G. The song is from his first album "Ready to Die" (1994). Poke (of Trackmasters) and Sean "Puffy" Combs were the producers of the song. "Juicy" contains a sample of Mtume's 1983 song "Juicy Fruit". It is directly sampled from the song's "Fruity Instrumental" mix. 

The song is widely considered to be one of the greatest hip-hop songs of all time. The song charted at number 27 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song is a "rags to riches chronicle". The Notorious B.I.G. talks about his childhood years living in poverty, his initial dreams of becoming a rapper, early musical influences, his time dealing drugs, criminal involvement, and his eventual success in the music industry and current lavish lifestyle.

The song's lyrics refer to the February 26, 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center.




Clervaux

Clervaux (, German: "Clerf") is a "commune" and town in northern Luxembourg, administrative capital of the canton of Clervaux.

The city is in the valley of the Clerve river and is part of the Natural Park of the Our.

The city was the site of heavy fighting during World War II, in the December 1944 Battle of Clervaux, part of the "Battle of the Bulge".

In 2012, the "commune" of Clervaux was combined with the "communes" of Heinerscheid and Munshausen.

The "commune" is in the Oesling, a region within the greater Ardennes area. It has an area of .

The highest point in the "commune" is in "Schwaarzenhiwwel" near the town of Marnach that is high, and the lowest point is high that is in the valley of the Our river near the town of Roder. The altitude is high. At the railway station, the altitude is high.

To the east, the Our river forms the border with Germany and, to the north, is the "commune" borders Belgium. In this "commune" is the place where three countries meetː Luxembourg, Germany and Belgium.

There were 5,069 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Other towns, besides the town of Clervaux, within the "commune" are:

Evolution of the population in Clervaux




Don McNay

Donald Joseph "Don" McNay (February 13, 1959 – May 29, 2016) was an American financial author and columnist. He was a chartered financial consultant and specialist on what to do when you win the lottery. He was born in Covington, Kentucky, but was raised in Lexington, Kentucky. He was a financial author and "The Huffington Post" contributor.

McNay died of a suspected heart attack on May 29, 2016 in New Orleans, Louisiana, aged 57.

Robert List

Robert Frank "Bob" List (born September 1, 1936) is an American attorney and politician. He served as the 24th Governor of Nevada from 1979 to 1983. List was defeated for re-election in 1982 by Nevada Attorney General Richard Bryan. He is a member of the Republican Party. 

M14 rifle

The M14 rifle is an American 7.62×51mm NATO battle rifle. It was used by the United States Military in 1959 during the Vietnam War. The M14 production began in 1959 and ended in 1964. The M14 can be used as a battle rifle, marksman rifle and a sniper rifle in later usage of the rifle. The M14 was based on the M1 Garand and is esentially a modernized variant of it, In the late 1960s and early 1970s, the M14 was replaced by the M16A1 by the United States Army in Vietnam.

The rifle returned to active service with the US Army as the M14 EBR in 2002, where it has remained in service to this day as a dedicated marksman rifle with updates and changes to its design, including an adjustable and collapsible stock, adjustable sights rails and a bipod.

Mount Kinabalu

Mount Kinabalu is a high mountain on the island of Borneo in Southeast Asia. This is in Malaysia.

The mountain is protected as a park, named Kinabalu Park. The park was awarded the country's first World Heritage Site. Because of over 5,000 plant species, it is also one of the world’s most important biological sites.

At its peak, the indigenous Kadazan people make their homes there. The mountain's name comes from the name "Akinabalu" (meaning "Revered Place of the Dead").

Spread spectrum

Spread spectrum is a method in radio and other kinds of telecommunication. Its purpose is to overcome interference, noise and jamming of signals.

Sending radio wave signals through the air became possible in the later 19th century with wireless telegraphy. The fact that signals were affected by natural interference was soon discovered. By the early 1900s, wireless telegraphy could cross the Atlantic. Intercepting the enemy's radio communications and interfering with their transmission was important in World War II. Messages in code were intercepted and recorded for decryption and translation. Not only can radio signals be detected, but those listening can be detected, since radio receivers also emit a signal.

Above all, since radio direction-finding is widely used in civil and military aviation, ways are needed to reduce interference with these transmissions. The main method is spread spectrum. Spread spectrum systems transmit the message using a bandwidth that is wider than the bandwidth actually needed by the message signal. This spreading of the transmitted signal over a large bandwidth make the resulting wideband signal appear as a noise signal. This resists intentional and unintentional interference with the transmitted signal.


Boltigen

Boltigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Noise (electronics)

In electronics, noise is a random fluctuation in an electrical signal. This happens in all electronic circuits. Noise made by electronic devices varies greatly. In communication systems, noise is an error or random disturbance of useful information in a communication channel. 

The noise is the total of unwanted or disturbing energy from natural and sometimes man-made sources. Noise is usually distinguished from interference, such as deliberate jamming or other unwanted electromagnetic interference.

If a message is transmitted in a natural language (a series of letters which make sense), then it is more resistant to noise than a spoken language. 

Santa Fe Trail

The Santa Fe Trail was a 19th century transportation route through central North America. It connected Independence, Missouri with Santa Fe, New Mexico. It was pioneered in 1821 by William Becknell. The Santa Fe Trail was a vital commercial highway until the introduction of the railroad to Santa Fe in 1880. Santa Fe was near the north end of the El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro which carried trade from Mexico City. The Santa Fe railroad, now known as BNSF (Burlington Northern Santa Fe), roughly parallels the original Santa Fe Trail.

The route skirted the northern edge and crossed the northwestern corner of Comancheria, the territory of the Comanches. they demanded payment for allowing people to use the trail. Comanche raiding farther south in Mexico isolated New Mexico. This made the area more dependent on the American trade. In general, finished and manufactured goods went west from the Kansas City area and payments in gold traveled east from Santa Fe. The trade along the trail gave the Comanches a steady supply of horses. By the 1840s trail traffic along the Arkansas River valley was so heavy that bison herds could not reach important seasonal grazing land. This contributed to their decline which in turn hastened the decline of Comanche power in the region. The Trail was used as the 1846 U.S. invasion route of New Mexico during the Mexican–American War.

After the U.S. took the Southwest ending the Mexican–American War, the trail helped open the region new settlement. It was important for the expansion of the U.S. into the lands it had taken. 

The road route is commemorated today by the National Park Service as the Santa Fe National Historic Trail. A highway route that roughly follows the trail's path through the entire length of Kansas, the southeast corner of Colorado and northern New Mexico has been designated as the Santa Fe Trail National Scenic Byway. It is long and takes about 12 hours to drive the trail today.

Bönigen

Bönigen is a municipality of the administrative district Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. It is on the shore of Lake Brienz.


Bowil

Bowil is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Claiborne Fox Jackson

Claiborne Fox Jackson (April 4, 1806 – December 6, 1862) was a pro-Confederacy governor of the state of Missouri. He was elected in 1860 and sworn in on January 3, 1861 as Missouri's 15th governor. He remained in office for five months, until being effectively deposed on June 15, 1861. At that time he fled to Arkansas and joined the Confederacy. He died on December 6, 1862.

On April 4, 1806, Jackson was born in Fleming County, Kentucky. His parents were Dempsey and Mary Jackson. The Jacksons were tobacco farmers who owned many slaves.

In 1826, Jackson moved to Franklin, Missouri where the Santa Fe Trail began. The trail was an important link to trading with Mexico. While the economy was poor in most of the region, Franklin was growing and becoming prosperous. Jackson and his older brother opened a mercantile store in the town. Most of the new residents were from the South and brought their slaves with them. They started farms along the Missouri River. This became the center of slavery in Missouri.

In 1836 Jackson entered politics representing Saline County, Missouri in the Missouri House of Representatives. Between 1838 and 1842 he was a cashier at the state bank in Fayette, Missouri. He was elected a state representative again in 1842, this time from Howard County, Missouri. In 1844 and 1846, he served as Speaker of the House. In 1848 he was elected to the Missouri State Senate. In 1852 he was elected to the House of Representatives again. From 1857 to 1860, he served as state bank commissioner. In 1860, as a Democrat, he secured his party's nomination for governor. He ran against Sample Orr in the general election and won. He was sworn in on January 3, 1861.

Jackson had won the nomination and election for governor by presenting himself as a moderate. But he quickly showed himself to be a pro-slavery activist. Following Abraham Lincoln's election as President of the United States Jackson began to court support for Missouri's secession from the Union. When Fort Sumter fell to the Confederates on April 14, 1861, Lincoln called for 75,000 volunteers to put down the rebellion. Jackson refused Lincoln's call for volunteers from Missouri. Instead, he called for 50,000 volunteers to defend the state against the Union. Jackson secretly contacted the Confederates and tried to get artillery for his militia.

Jackson knew the most important resource in the state was the federal arsenal at St. Louis. There was only a small detachment of Union soldiers that guarded the arsenal and were under the command of Captain Lyon. But quietly, Lyon had sent almost all the gunpowder and weapons to safety in Illinois. Also, the United States Secretary of War, Simon Cameron, had sent a letter to Lyon authorizing him to raise more companies of Union soldiers. On May 6, Jackson sent his militia to camp near St. Louis in order to provoke the Union soldiers and perhaps secure their arms for his militia. However, on May 10, Lyon marched some 6,500 Union troops to surround the militia and arrest all of them. Following the Camp Jackson Affair, Lyon was promoted to Brigadier general and took charge of all Union forces in the state.

On June 13, 1861, after failed negotiations with Governor Jackson, Lyon quickly moved his army to attack the pro-confederate forces at Jefferson City, Missouri, the state capital. He moved quickly enough to catch them unprepared. On June 15, the Army of the West occupied Jefferson City. Lyon installed a pro-Union government after Jackson and most of his militia retreated to the southwest corner of Missouri. Lyon moved his army to go after the rebels. On June 17, both sides fought the Battle of Boonville which lasted only about 30 minutes. The Union forces completely routed the pro-confederates. Jackson observed the battle and retreated with the militia.

Jackson and approximately 4,000 of his untrained and poorly armed militia fled to Carthage, Missouri. In order to find Jackson and his militia, Lyon had split his forces. He sent Colonel Franz Sigel with about 1,000 soldiers into southwest Missouri to search for Jackson. On July 4 Jackson learned that Sigel was camped at Carthage. The next day Jackson led his militia to attack the smaller Union force. The battle line was about ten miles south of Carthage. He waited for Sigel to attack him. Sigel, in turn, opened the battle with artillery fire. He then attacked the militia. However, after seeing a large Confederate force moving around him on his left flank, he moved back to prevent being surrounded. He did not know the force to his left were mainly unarmed militia. Sigel fought a successful rearguard action as his small army fell back to Carthage. He then retreated to Sarcoxie, Missouri. The battle had little meaning but it encouraged the pro-Confederates in Missouri with news of their first victory. Jackson was the only sitting governor to have commanded troops in a battle.

After the battle, Jackson, assuming he still had his powers as governor, called together a rump legislature at Neosho, Missouri. He called for session on October 28, 1861 and, although deposed, officially claimed Missouri to have joined the Confederacy in November 1861. He was given the rank of Brigadier general in the Confederate Army. But he soon resigned due to failing health. On December 6, 1862, Jackson died in Little Rock, Arkansas from stomach cancer. He is buried at Arrow Rock, Missouri in the Sappington family cemetery.


Franklin, Missouri

Franklin is a city in Howard County, Missouri, United States. It is located along the Missouri River. Part of a rural area, the population was 70 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Columbia, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area. 
As the starting point of the Santa Fe Trail, the community played a major part in the westward expansion of the United States.

The town of Franklin was founded in 1816 and named for Founding Father Benjamin Franklin. William Becknell, known as the "Father of the Santa Fe Trail" lived on a farm a few miles northwest of Franklin. There was a spring near Becknell's property, Boone Lick Spring. The spring and its salt water attracted people from St. Louis and points east. They came to distill the water for its salt. They came so often that they created a trail, calling it the Boonslick Road. The Boone refers to Nathan and Daniel Morgan Boone, sons of Daniel Boone. The two brothers first operated the saltlick business.

Franklin is located at (39.011316, -92.753747). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all of it land.

As of the census of 2010, there were 95 people, 42 households, and 26 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 52 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% White and 1.1% African-American. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 42 households of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 47.1 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.1% were from 25 to 44; 36.8% were from 45 to 64; and 13.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.7% male and 46.3% female.

As of the census of 2000, there were 112 people, 47 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The population density was 490.1 people per square mile (188.0/km²). There were 53 housing units at an average density of 231.9 per square mile (89.0/km²). The racial makeup of the city White and 0.89% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.89% of the population.

There were 47 households out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were married couples living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.3% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city the population was spread out with 27.7% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 32.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,542. The median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $37,500 versus $21,250 for females. The per capita income for the city was $15,104. There were 16.7% of families and 20.8% of the population living below the poverty line, including 39.3% of under eighteens and 37.5% of those over 64.


Fleming County, Kentucky

Fleming County is a county located in the state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 15,082. Its county seat is Flemingsburg. The county was formed in 1798 and named for Colonel John Fleming, an Indian-fighter and early settler. It's a prohibition or dry county, which means drinks with alcohol are not sold there. In 1998, the Kentucky General Assembly designated Fleming County as the Covered Bridge Capital of Kentucky.

Fleming County was established in 1798 from land given by Mason County, Kentucky. The first courthouse, possibly built of logs, was replaced in 1830 and again in 1952.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.8%) is water.


As of the census of 2020, there were 15,082 people living in the county. The population density was . There were 5,936 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.4% White, 1.0% Black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.1% Asian, 0.9% from other races, and 2.5% from two or more races. 1.4% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 5,936 households out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were married couples living together, 7.5% were unmarried couples living together, 23.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.2% had a male householder with no wife present. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54.

In the county, the population was spread out with 24.0% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 22.3% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.5 years. For every 100 males there were 101.6 females. For every 100 males age 18 and over, there were 102.8 females.

In 2021, the median income for a household in the county was $48,315, and the median income for a family was $60,464. The per capita income for the county was $24,506. About 11.1% of families and 15.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.2% of those under age 18 and 13.6% of those age 65 or over.




Missouri House of Representatives

The Missouri House of Representatives is the lower chamber of the Missouri General Assembly. It has 163 members, representing districts with an average size of 37,000 residents. Members of the House are elected for a two-year term during general elections held in even-numbered years.

In 1992 Missouri approved a constitutional amendment providing term limits (before this there were no limits). No Representative may serve more than eight years in the House. Each candidate for the office must be at least twenty-four years old, a qualified registered voter in the state for at least two years, and a resident of his or her district for at least one year.

Missouri's house is the fourth largest in the United States although the state ranks 18th in population. Legislation was introduced in 2011 to cut its size to 103 members in 2020. States with larger legislatures in the United States are New Hampshire (400), Pennsylvania (203) and Georgia (180).

In 1992 Missouri voters approved a constitutional amendment placing term limits on the Missouri House of Representatives. A Representative can serve no more than four two-year terms in the house (a total of eight years). The first time term limits prevented someone from running again was in 2002.

As of March 2008, members of the Missouri House of Representatives receive an annual salary of $35,915.44.



Adriana Lecouvreur

Adriana Lecouvreur is an Italian opera in four acts, music by Francesco Cilea and libretto by Arturo Colautti, after Eugène Scribe and Ernest Legouvé's play "Adrienne Lecouvreur". It was first performed in Milan, on November 6, 1902. By far Cilea's most successful work and his only opera still regularly performed. 




Bremgarten bei Bern

Bremgarten bei Bern is a municipality of the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Brenzikofen

Brenzikofen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Franz Sigel

Franz Sigel (November 18, 1824 – August 21, 1902) was a German military officer, revolutionist and immigrant to the United States. In the US he was a teacher, newspaperman, politician, and served as a Union Major general in the American Civil War. His ability to recruit German-speaking immigrants to the Union armies got him the approval of President Abraham Lincoln. But he was strongly disliked by General-in-Chief Henry Halleck and rated overall as a poor leader.

Sigel was born in Sinsheim, Baden (Germany). He attended the gymnasium in Bruchsal. He graduated from Karlsruhe Military Academy in 1843, and was commissioned as a lieutenant in the Baden Army. In 1848 he was a part of the Revolutions of 1848 in the German states. When the revolution failed he fled, eventually immigrating to New York City. There he worked at a number of different jobs. These include a teacher, musician, surveyor and the owner of a cigar store. In 1854 Sigel married Elsie Dulon. Together they had five children. In 1857 he moved to St Louis, Missouri where he was one of the founders of a monthly magazine. He was the superintendent at the German Institute and joined the Republican Party. He attracted German immigrants to the Republican party because of their strong anti-slavery sentiment.

At the start of the Civil War, Sigel volunteered to support Abraham Lincoln and the Union cause. Because of his military experience, he was given command of the Third Missouri Infantry. He recruited many German-Americans to the Union cause with the slogan, "I goes to fight mit Sigel." His commission as Colonel held a date of rank of May 4, 1861. Because he was a key figure in recruiting immigrants to the Union army, President Lincoln had him promoted to Brigadier general two weeks later.

In the meanwhile, he was attached to Brigadier general Nathaniel Lyon's Union Army of the West. Sigel and his soldiers helped put down a riot the St. Louis area. The incident was known as the Camp Jackson Affair. He led a Flanking maneuver at Battle of Wilson's Creek, surprising and attacking the Confederate forces from their rear while Lyon attacked them from the front. On March 8, 1862, at the Battle of Pea Ridge, Sigel commanded two division (military)s in the victory against Major General Earl Van Dorn (CSA).
Sigel was promoted to major general after the battle of Pea Ridge. He served as a division commander in the Shenandoah Valley and fought unsuccessfully against Maj. Gen. Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson. He commanded a Union corps at the Second Battle of Bull Run.Here he was wounded in the hand.

In early 1863, Sigel lobbied the War Department for more troops. But his requests were refused. In early 1864 he was given command of the Army of West Virginia. In 1864 his army was defeated in the Battle of New Market. This loss and his failure to prevent Confederate attacks in Northern Virginia led to his removal from command. Although he remained in the army until May 1865, he was not given another command. 

Sigel resigned his commission on May 4, 1865. He worked as editor of the "Baltimore Wecker" for a short time. He was then a newspaper editor in New York City. He filled a variety of political positions there, both as a Democrat and a Republican. In 1869, he ran on the Republican ticket for Secretary of State of New York. He lost to the incumbent Democrat Homer Augustus Nelson. In May 1871 he became collector of internal revenue, and then in October 1871 register of the city. In 1887, President Grover Cleveland appointed him pension agent for the city of New York. He also lectured, worked in advertising and published the "New York Monthly", a German-American magazine, for some years.

Franz Sigel died in New York in 1902 and is buried in Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York City. 

Deaths in June 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in June 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.


































Mohamed Abdelaziz

Mohamed Abdelaziz (; 17 August 1947 – 31 May 2016) was the 3rd Secretary General of the Polisario Front and President of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic from 1976 until his death in 2016.

Abdelaziz died on 31 May 2016 from lung cancer, aged 68.


Jan Crouch

Janice Wendell Bethany "Jan" Crouch (March 14, 1938 – May 31, 2016) was an American religious broadcaster. Along with her husband Paul, she co-founded the Trinity Broadcasting Network (TBN).

Crouch suffered a massive stroke on May 25, 2016 and was hospitalized. She died in Orlando, Florida on May 31, 2016 from complications of the stroke, aged 78.

Kazimierz Barburski

Kazimierz Zygfryd Barburski (7 August 1942 – 26 May 2016) was a Polish fencer. He won a bronze medal in the team épée event at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Łódź, Poland.

Barburski died on 26 May 2016 in Poland, aged 73.

Traveland RV Storm

The Traveland RV Storm are a Canadian junior ice hockey team that began playing in 1993. They currently play in the Prairie Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in Pilot Butte, Saskatchewan. The Storm won the league in 2007, 2008, 2011 and 2012 and made the finals every year from 2006 to 2015.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"

"* Note: Some statistics are unknown for seasons in the SSJHL"


T. Marshall Hahn

Thomas Marshall Hahn, Jr. (December 2, 1926 – May 29, 2016) was an American educator. He served as President of Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University from 1962 to 1974. He was also Director of Georgia Pacific from 1983 to 1993. 

Hahn died on May 29, 2016 in Blacksburg, Virginia, aged 89.


G. V. Loganathan

Gobichettipalayam Vasudevan "G. V." Loganathan (April 8, 1954 – April 16, 2007) was an Indian-born American professor. He was a professor in the Department of Civil and Environmental engineering, part of the College of Engineering at Virginia Tech, United States. He was born in Karatadipalayam, Gobichettipalayam.

At age 53, Loganathan was among the 32 people killed in the Virginia Tech shootings on April 16, 2007. Loganathan taught an Advanced Hydrology class in Norris Hall's Room 206. On April 16, 2007, Cho entered Norris 206 and opened fire. Loganathan was Cho's first target.


Liviu Librescu

Liviu Librescu (; ; August 18, 1930 – April 16, 2007) was a Romanian-born Israeli and American scientist and engineer. He was a professor whose major research fields were aeroelasticity and aerodynamics. He was born in Ploiești, Romania. He was Professor of Engineering Science and Mechanics at Virginia Tech.

He was a known academic in addition to being a survivor of the Holocaust, he was most widely known for his heroic actions during the Virginia Tech shootings, in which he held off the gunman, giving all but one of his students enough time to escape through the windows. Shot and killed during the attack, Librescu was awarded the "Order of the Star of Romania", Romania's highest civilian honor. 


Kenne Fant

Kenne Fant (born Carl-Henrik Fant; 1 January, 1923 – 30 May, 2016) was a Swedish actor, director and writer. He was born in Strängnäs. He was known for his roles as Göran Thome "The Most Beautiful on the Earth" (1948) and as Arne in "Prison" (1949). He directed the movie "Adventures of Nils Holgersson" (1962).

Fant died on 30 May, 2016 in Stockholm, Sweden at the age of 93.

Rupert Neudeck

Rupert Neudeck (14 May 1939 – 31 May 2016) was a German journalist and humanitarian. Neudeck, together with a group of friends, formed the committee "A ship for Vietnam" and chartered for the rescue mission the freighter "Cap Anamur". He did humanitarian work in this project that aids refugees. He also founded "Grünhelme e.V." (Green Helmets; voluntary association) for rebuilding schools, villages, and ambulances in destroyed regions.

Neudeck died on 31 May 2016 in Germany, from complications after heart surgery, aged 77.

Wiltz

Wiltz () is a commune with city status in north-western Luxembourg, capital of the canton Wiltz. Wiltz is situated along the sides of the river Wiltz.

During World War II, Luxembourg was occupied 10 May 1940 (the first day of the Battle of France). 
On 31 August 1942, a general strike began in Wiltz that spread throughout the country.

On 1 January 2015, Wiltz absorbed the neighboring commune of Eschweiler.

The "commune" is in the Oesling, a region within the greater Ardennes area. It has an area of . The altitude is high. At the castle, the altitude is high.

Wiltz is surrounded by six "communes": Wincrange to the north and northwest, Clervaux to the northeast, Kiischpelt to the east, Goesdorf to the southeast, Lac de la Haute-Sûre to the south and southwest, and Winseler to the west.

There were 6,730 persons living in the "commune" in January 2016, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Other towns, besides the town of Wiltz, within the "commune" are Roullingen and Weidingen.
Evolution of the population in Wiltz

One of the main features of the town is Wiltz Castle (, German: "Schloss Wiltz", ) which belonged to the former Counts of Wiltz. This castle, which is situated on of lawns and gardens, contains hundreds of rooms. It was completed in 1727, and the final Count died in 1793.

Wiltz is twinned withː




David Tod Roy

David Tod Roy (; 1933 – May 31, 2016) was an American professor and scholar of Chinese literature. He taught at University of Chicago from 1967 until he took early retirement in 2006. 

He was known for his translation of Jin Ping Mei, or "The Plum in the Golden Vase", one of the Four Great Novels of the Ming dynasty. It was the first complete translation into a Western language. 

He was diagnosed with ALS (often known as Lou Gehrig's disease) just as he had finished the translation in 2012 and died of that disease in 2016.


Carla Lane

Carla Lane (1928 – 31 May 2016) was an English television writer. She wrote many sitcoms, including "The Liver Birds" (co-creator, 1969–78), "Butterflies" (1978–82), and "Bread" (1986–91).


Tom Lysiak

Thomas James Lysiak (April 22, 1953 – May 30, 2016) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was selected as the second overall pick in round 1 of the 1973 NHL Amateur Draft by the Atlanta Flames, and was selected by the Houston Aeros in round 2 of the 1973 WHA Amateur Draft (23rd overall).

In each of his last two seasons at Medicine Hat, Lysiak was awarded the Bob Clarke Trophy as the Western Canada Hockey League's leading scorer (with a total of 297 points in 135 games).

Lysiak died of leukemia in Roswell, Georgia on May 30, 2016 at age 63.


Albinen

Albinen is a municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Brienz

Brienz is a municipality of the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. It is on the northern shore of Lake Brienz.

Brienzwiler

Brienzwiler is a municipality in Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Agonist

An agonist is a type of chemical known as a ligand. It binds to a receptor. It activates (switches on) the receptor to produce a response.

An agonist causes an action. There are also antagonists which block the action of the agonists, and there are inverse agonists which cause an action opposite to that of the agonist.

This is typical of the systems which regulate the body. Being able to control activity is the basis of homeostasis.

Receptors can be activated by either endogenous or exogenous agonists. Both types result in a biological response. Endogenous agonists include hormones and neurotransmitters. Exogenous agonists include drugs.

A substance which causes the same bodily responses, but does "not" bind to the same receptor is called a physiological agonist.


Centovalli, Ticino

Centovalli is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009, the municipalities of Borgnone, Intragna and Palagnedra merged into the new municipality of Centovalli


Line (formation)

The line formation is a standard tactical formation which was used by infantry in early modern warfare. 
It continued the phalanx formation or shield wall of infantry armed with polearms in use during antiquity and the Middle Ages. The line formation used soldiers standing or moving side by side forming a line.

The line formation provided the best front for volley fire. However the line could not change direction easily and was open to attack by cavalry. Frederick the Great used the line formation, or “march by lines” as a part of his oblique order to fix this problem. The other part of the oblique order was the “attack in echelon” (change to column formation and angle slightly towards the enemy). This way his line of soldiers, usually two ranks deep, could easily change the direction they faced.

An infantry battalion would form "in line" by placing troops in several ranks. They could range in number from two to five, with two or three being the most common. During the 17th century lines thinned out and became longer. Using this line formation required greater discipline since the two opposing armies were often only apart.

During the American Civil War the standard formation for both attacking and defending was the line formation. The line allowed the maximum number of soldiers to fire their weapons without hitting their own men. The line formation worked best in open fields. The line could not move well in wooded areas or in rough terrain. Both sides were still using tactics that were used in the American Revolutionary War. During earlier wars including the Napoleonic Wars, single-shot smoothbore muskets were used with fixed bayonets. A line would advance to about from the enemy line and fire in volley (all at the same time). Muskets were not very accurate and by all firing at the same time they were more likely to hit enemy soldiers. After firing their one shot the soldiers would all move the line forward for a bayonet charge.

The new weapons in use at the beginning of the war made the older tactic unnecessary. Newer rifles and rifle muskets were now available that could allow the defenders to start firing at to yards away. The development of the Minié ball (bullet) also increased the accuracy of rifles at longer ranges.

A loose line formation is also used by many modern forces during assaults. It allows the use of maximum firepower to concentrate in one direction at once. This is useful when attacking an enemy position. It also enables the use of fire and movement.

Brügg

Brügg is a municipality of the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Brüttelen

Brüttelen () is a municipality in the administrative district Seeland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

David McNiven Garner

David McNiven Garner (26 November 1928 – 13 May 2016), was a New Zealand oceanographer. He worked as a published research physicist. He worked with a focus in physical oceanography and ocean circulation.

In 1962, he founded the New Zealand Oceanographic Institute of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research (today known as National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research), then located in Hobson Street, Wellington, New Zealand.

Erika Berger

Erika Berger (August 13, 1939 – May 15, 2016) was a German television presenter and author. She was born in Munich, Germany.

Berger worked as television presenter on German television broadcaster RTL. As writer, she wrote several books over sexuality. Berger has two children.

Berger died in Cologne, Germany on May 15, 2016, aged 76.


Marion Lambert

Baroness Marion Lambert (Maron von Vries; 1943 – 28 May 2016) was a Belgian-born Swiss art collector and philanthropist. She was the wife of Baron Philippe Lambert of the Bank Brussels Lambert banking dynasty. She was described as "one of the first collectors and patrons of contemporary photography". In a November 2004, she sold her entire collection of about 300 photographs mostly from the 1980s, entitled "Veronica's Revenge", at Phillips de Pury in Chelsea, New York for a total of $9.2 million.

On 24 May 2016, Lambert was hit by a bus on route 73 near Bond Street tube station in London. She died from head injuries on 28 May 2016, aged 73.


Bob Williams (quarterback)

Robert "Bob" Allen Williams (January 2, 1930 – May 26, 2016) was an American football quarterback in the National Football League. He was born in Cumberland, Maryland. Williams played for the Chicago Bears from 1951 through 1952 and again in 1955. During his college years, he played for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish team. Williams was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1988.

Williams died on May 26, 2016 at a retirement home in Timonium, Maryland from Parkinson's disease, aged 86.


Razak Khan

Razak (or Razzak Khan) (1953/1954 – 1 June 2016) was an Indian movie and television actor who was in Bollywood movies. He was known for his roles in "Baadshah", "Hello Brother" and in "Akhiyon Se Goli Maare".

Khan died of a heart attack at his home in Bandra, Maharashtra on 1 June 2016, aged 62. 


Asymmetry

Asymmetry is a state which is the absence of, or a violation of, symmetry. It is best defined like that because symmetry is relatively rare, and almost all other objects are asymmetric.


Missouri Senate

The Missouri Senate is the upper house of the Missouri General Assembly. It has 34 members, representing districts with an average population of 174,000. Its members serve four-year terms, with half the seats being up for election every two years.

After the 2014 elections, the party representation in the Senate was:



Missouri General Assembly

The Missouri General Assembly is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Missouri. The bicameral General Assembly is made up of a 32-member Senate, and a 163-member House of Representatives. Members of both houses of the General Assembly are subject to term limits. Senators are limited to two four-year terms. Representatives are limited to four two-year terms. This is a total of 8 years for members of both houses. The General Assembly meets at the State Capitol in Jefferson City.

Members of the House of Representatives must be 24 years of age to be elected. Representatives also must be a qualified Missouri voter for two years, and a resident of the county or district they are to represent for one year. Senators must be 30 years of age, a qualified Missouri voter for three years. They must be a resident of the area they are to represent for one year prior to their election.

According to Article III, Section 20 of the Constitution of Missouri, the General Assembly must convene (meet) on the first Wednesday after the first Monday in January following the state general election. It adjourns on May 30, with no consideration of bills after 6:00 p.m. on the first Friday following the second Monday in May. No appropriation bill may be considered after 6:00 p.m. on the first Friday after the first Monday in May. If the Governor returns a bill with his objections after adjournment, the General Assembly is automatically reconvened on the first Wednesday following the second Monday in September for a period not to exceed ten days to consider vetoed bills.

The Governor may call the General Assembly in special session for a maximum of 60 calendar days at any time. Only subjects recommended by the Governor in his call or a special message may be considered. The President Pro Tem and the Speaker may convene a 30-day special session upon petition of three-fourths of the members of each chamber.

Neither the House nor Senate, without the consent of the other chamber, adjourn for more than ten days at any one time. They may not be called to any other place than that in which the two houses may be sitting.

As a part-time legislature, compensation is low with the General Assembly. Most senators and representatives hold jobs outside their legislative duties. Law makers are paid $35,915 per legislative year and receive $104 per day in expenses. They also receive full health benefits



Monteceneri

Monteceneri is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was created on 21 November 2010, when the former municipalities of Bironico, Camignolo, Medeglia, Rivera and Sigirino merged to form the new municipality of Monteceneri.


Howard County, Missouri

Howard County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. Its southern border is the Missouri River. As of the 2020 census, the population was 10,151. Its county seat is Fayette. The county was organized January 23, 1816 and named for Benjamin Howard, the first Governor of the Missouri Territory.

Howard County was settled mainly from the upper Southern states of Kentucky, Tennessee and Virginia. They brought slaves and slaveholding traditions with them and grew hemp and tobacco. Howard was one of several counties settled mainly by Southerners along the Missouri River in the center of the state. Because of this, this area became known as Little Dixie, and Howard County was at its heart. Following the 1848 revolutions in germany, many German immigrants also came to this region.

Because of the reliance on slave labor, by 1860 African American slaves made up at least 25 percent of the county's population. Many Howard County residents supported the Confederacy during the Civil War. After the end of Reconstruction, Jim Crow laws and racial segregation were enforced in the county. Five African Americans were lynched in Howard County between 1891 and 1914. These were Olli Truxton, Frank Embree, Thomas Hayden, Arthur McNeal, and Dallas Shields.

The county continued to be developed for agriculture and is still mostly rural. However, Howard has lost population since reaching its peak in 1900. The mechanization of farming reduced the demand for labor, and many people left for jobs in the cities. In 2000 African-Americans in the county had declined to less than 7 percent of the total. Nearly one-third of the residents now identify themselves as of German ancestry.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.6%) is water.




As of the census of 2000, there were 10,212 people, 3,836 households, and 2,631 families residing in the county. The population density was 22 people per square mile (8/km²). There were 4,346 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (4/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 91.13% White, 6.84% Black or African American, 0.33% Native American, 0.12% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 0.40% from other races, and 1.10% from two or more races. Approximately 0.86% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 32.4% were of German, 16.1% American, 8.9% English and 8.3% Irish ancestry.

There were 3,836 households out of which 31.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.30% were married couples living together, 9.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.40% were non-families. 27.30% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the county the population was spread out with 24.00% under the age of 18, 13.30% from 18 to 24, 25.20% from 25 to 44, 21.30% from 45 to 64, and 16.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 94.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.40 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $31,614, and the median income for a family was $40,167. Males had a median income of $26,369 versus $19,950 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,198. About 7.50% of families and 11.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.70% of those under age 18 and 14.40% of those age 65 or over.






Fayette, Missouri

Fayette is a city in Howard County, Missouri, United States. The population was 2,803 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Howard County. Fayette is part of the Columbia, Missouri Metropolitan statistical area.

Fayette was made county seat in 1823. It was named for Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette, who at the time was soon expected to pay a visit to the United States from France. It was incorporated in 1855.

The original Town of Fayette was first settled by Hiram Fugate and Hickerson Burnham. Each one gave 25 s of land for the location of the county seat. The town was surveyed and laid out in 1823 by Judge Alfred W. Morrison. He later became the sheriff and county judge. The original town layout formed a rectangle, about three blocks wide and seven blocks long with a public "square" in the center. It was divided into 150 s, with numbering beginning at the southeast corner of the square.

The four major streets bordered the square originally were named "First Main" (east side), "Second Main" (west side), "First Main Cross" (south side) and "Second Main Cross" (north side). In 1900, because of the confusion, the street names were changed to "Main", "Church", "Morrison", and "Davis", respectively.

It should be noted that the Fayette Square configuration is an example of the "Shelbyville Square", so called from its prototype in Shelbyville, Tennessee. This plan included a central courthouse and used the block of the grid plan to lay out the streets. The Shelbyville plan and other central courthouse plans were widely adopted in Tennessee, Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa and Missouri. "The Shelbyville Square quickly became the most frequent county seat plan in new counties in most states." The Shelbyville pattern became less popular 1900.

Fayette is located at (39.145468, -92.686126). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which is land and is water.

As of the census of 2010, there were 2,688 people, 949 households, and 509 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 1,097 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 83.5% White, 13.0% African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.5% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 0.6% from other races, and 2.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 949 households of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them. married couples living together made up 36.9% , 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.4% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 26.1 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 32% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.9% were from 25 to 44; 19.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

As of the census of 2000, there were 2,793 people, 976 households, and 578 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,253.6 people per square mile (483.6/km²). There were 1,133 housing units at an average density of 508.5 per square mile (196.2/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 79.16% White, 18.33% African-American, 0.47% Native American, 0.21% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.47% from other races, and 1.32% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.93% of the population.

There were 976 households out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them. In all 41.4% were married couples living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.7% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were individuals and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the city the population was spread out with 17.9% under the age of 18, 28.2% from 18 to 24, 19.5% from 25 to 44, 16.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,276, and the median income for a family was $35,694. Males had a median income of $27,768 versus $20,833 for females. The per capita income for the city was $13,451. About 9.1% of families and 15.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.1% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

Fayette is home to Central Methodist University, a private 4-year accredited university. It was also home to the now-defunct Howard-Payne Junior College. In its public school system, Fayette has one elementary school (L. J. Daly), one middle school (W. N. Clark) and one high school (Fayette).


Interrupt

An interrupt is when something happens to a microprocessor that causes it to "interrupt" the currently running code to allow it to respond to the thing that happened. Interrupts usually occur because the processor gets a special signal from hardware, but they can also be caused by software. Many things can cause interrupts, including pressing keys on a keyboard, moving the mouse, the built-in timer going off, a data transfer taking place, or an event that was triggered which needs attention from the processor right away. Interrupts can happen at any time, no matter what program is running or where in the program's source code it is. 

The purpose of an interrupt is to temporarily pause normal code execution to allow the processor to respond very quickly to the thing causing the interrupt. Once that thing has been dealt with, the processor can resume the work it was doing.

An interrupt is triggered by a hardware or software call known as an "interrupt request" (IRQ). When an IRQ happens, the processor immediately stores the details of what it is doing on a stack for safe keeping, and then beings to follow special instructions to respond to the interrupt. These instructions form a very short program called an "interrupt handler" or "interrupt service routine" (ISR). The ISR must be short so the processor can get back to its original work as fast as possible. As soon as the ISR is completed, the processor goes back to the stack where it stored the "context" of its original work on a stack, and resumes running code exactly where it left off.

Many interrupt controllers in today's processors use an "interrupt vector" as a way to sort interrupts based on where they came from or how important they are. The vector contains the special programs (ISRs) that will run when each different interrupt happens. ISRs are generally responsible for dealing with, or "servicing", the interrupt, along with keeping itself in good working order. 

Chandrasekhar limit

The Chandrasekhar limit is the maximum mass of a stable white dwarf star. Building on work by others, the Indian physicist Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar worked on the calculation. He published series of papers between 1931 and 1935. The Chandrasekhar limit is about 1.4 times the mass of the Sun.

The Chandrasekhar limit is the mass above which electron degeneracy pressure in the star's core is not enough to balance the star's own gravitational self-attraction. Then, white dwarfs with masses over the limit would gravitationally collapse into a neutron star or black hole. However, white dwarfs usually explode before they undergo collapse. Those with masses under the limit remain stable as white dwarfs.

Marianne Gaba

Marianne Gaba (November 13, 1939 – May 3, 2016) was an American model, actress and beauty queen. She was born in Chicago, Illinois. She was Miss Illinois USA 1957 and "Playboy" magazine's Playmate of the Month for its September 1959 issue. She was known for her roles as Liz in "The Choppers" (1961), as Animal in "How to Stuff a Wild Bikini" (1965) and as Robot in "Dr. Goldfoot and the Bikini Machine" (1965).

Gaba died on May 3, 2016 from brain cancer in Los Angeles, California, aged 76.

Vianden

Vianden () is a commune with city status in north-eastern Luxembourg, capital of the canton Vianden.

The name of the town of Vianden is derived from the Gallic word vien which means "rocky". Already in the year 1256, Vianden is cited as a city, but it is only since 1308 that legally holds the title of city.

The "commune" is in the Oesling, a region within the greater Ardennes area. Vianden is in the valley of the river Our, a tributary of the Sauer river, near the border between Luxembourg and Germany.

It has an area of . The altitude is high. At the church, the altitude is high.

Vianden is surrounded by two "communes" of Luxembourg: Tandel to the south and west; and Putscheid to the northwest. To the north, west and southwest, Vianden borders with four municipalities of the Eifelkreis Bitburg-Prüm district of the German state of Rhineland-Palatinateː Waldhof-Falkenstein and Bauler to the north, Körperich to the east and Roth an der Our to the southeast.

There were 2,008 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in Vianden

Some historic buildings in the "commune" areː


Vianden is twinned withː



Roger Enrico

Roger Enrico (November 11, 1944 – June 1, 2016) was an American businessman. He was born in Chisholm, Minnesota. He was known for being the Chairman of PepsiCo from 1996 to 2001 and Chairman of DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc from 2004 to 2012. He served on the Board of Directors of the National Geographic Society, the Environmental Defense Fund, the Solar Electric Light Fund, and the American Film Institute.

Enrico died of a heart attack while snorkeling at his private Cayman Islands home on June 1, 2016, aged 71.

Corry Brokken

Cornelia Maria "Corry" Brokken (3 December 1932 – 2 June 2016) was a Dutch singer, TV presenter and lawyer. She is known for her songs "Snip en Snap", "Voorgoed voorbij" and "Heel de wereld". 

After her singing career she studied law at Utrecht University in the 1970s. Afterwards she was a lawyer and later on a judge. 

Brokken died on 2 June 2016 in Laren, Netherlands at the age of 83.

Brokken was involved in the Eurovision Song Contest on four occassions.


Yevhen Lemeshko

Yevhen Lemeshko (; 11 December 1929 – 2 June 2016) was a Ukrainian football coach. He was born in Mykolaiv. He was chairman of the Council of Veteran Footballers. He started his football career as a player for FC Dynamo Kyiv, but due to an injury he continued his football career as a coach.

In 1956 Lemeshko played couple of games for the Ukraine at the Spartakiad of the Peoples of the USSR. In 1980 he became a Merited Coach of Ukraine.

Lemeshko died on 2 June 2016 in Kiev, Ukraine from a stroke, aged 86.


Boyce F. Martin Jr.

Boyce Ficklen Martin, Jr. (October 23, 1935 – June 1, 2016) was an American judge. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He was the United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. He was appointed by Jimmy Carter in 1979. Martin served as Chief Judge of the circuit from 1996 to 2003. He wrote more than 1100 opinions during his 34-year career.

Martin, Jr. died at his home in Louisville, Kentucky from brain cancer on June 1, 2016, aged 80.


Andrzej Niemczyk

Andrzej Niemczyk (16 January 1944 – 2 June 2016) was a Polish volleyball player and coach. He was the coach of the Poland women's national volleyball team that competed at the 2005 Women's European Volleyball Championship. He was born in Łódź.

Niemczyk died in Warsaw, Poland from cancer on 2 June 2016, aged 72.

Tom Kibble

Sir Thomas Walter Bannerman "Tom" Kibble (23 December 1932 – 2 June 2016), was a British theoretical physicist, senior research investigator at The Blackett Laboratory, at Imperial College London, UK and Professor of Theoretical Physics at Imperial College. He was knighted in the 2014 Birthday Honours for services to physics.

His research interests were in quantum field theory (the quantum theory of elementary particles) and in the connections between high-energy particle physics and cosmology (the study of the physical universe). He is best known as one of the first to describe the Higgs mechanism (explaining how some but not all elementary particles have mass), and for his research on topological defects (roughly - points, lines or surfaces in space where there is a jump). From the 1950s he was concerned about the nuclear arms race and from 1970 took leading roles in promoting the social responsibility of the scientist.

Kibble was born in Madras, India, and was the grandson of William Bannerman, an officer in the Indian Medical Service, and the author Helen Bannerman. He was educated at Doveton Corrie School in Madras and then in Edinburgh, Scotland, at Melville College and at the University of Edinburgh. He graduated from the University of Edinburgh with a BSc in 1955, MA in 1956 and a PhD in 1958. Kibble was married to Anne Allan from 1957 until her death in 2005. They had three children.

Kibble worked on symmetry breaking (simple example - a ball at the top of a hill might roll down in any direction), phase transitions (simple example - water turning to ice as it freezes) and topological defects (roughly - points, lines or surfaces in space where there is a jump).

He is most noted for his co-discovery of the Higgs mechanism (explaining how some but not all elementary particles have mass) and prediction of the Higgs boson (a massive particle central to the Higgs mechanism) with Gerald Guralnik and C. R. Hagen (GHK). As part of Physical Review Letters 50th anniversary celebration, the journal recognized this discovery as one of the milestone papers in PRL history. For this discovery Prof. Kibble was awarded the American Physical Society's 2010 J. J. Sakurai Prize for Theoretical Particle Physics. While widely considered to have authored the most complete of the early papers on the Higgs theory, GHK were controversially not included in the 2013 Nobel Prize in Physics. In 2014, Nobel Laureate Peter Higgs expressed disappointment that Kibble had not been chosen to share the Nobel Prize with François Englert and himself.

Kibble pioneered the study of the formation of topological defects in the very early times of the existence of the universe. An influential model of defect formation across a certain kind of phase transition is known as the Kibble-Zurek mechanism. His paper on cosmic strings (line defects of space on a cosmic scale) introduced the idea into modern cosmology.

He was one of the two co-chairs of a research programme funded by the European Science Foundation (ESF) on Cosmology in the Laboratory (COSLAB) which ran from 2001 to 2005. He was previously the coordinator of an ESF Network on Topological Defects in Particle Physics, Condensed Matter & Cosmology (TOPDEF). These programmes studied the analogies between topological defects in the early universe and similar structural defects in liquids and solids, which may be studied in the laboratory. (For a simple example of a network of laboratory topological defects, consider the boundaries between the many small, misaligned crystallites in a metal.)

In 1966 Kibble published a textbook, "Classical Mechanics", which is still in print (as of 2016), now in its 5th edition and co-authored with Frank Berkshire.

Kibble was a Fellow of the Royal Society (1980), of the Institute of Physics (1991), and of Imperial College London (2009). He was also a member of the American Physical Society (1958), the European Physical Society (1975) and the Academia Europaea (2000). In 2008, Kibble was named an Outstanding Referee by the American Physical Society.

In addition to the Sakurai Prize, Kibble has been awarded the Hughes Medal (1981) of the Royal Society, the Rutherford (1984) and Guthrie Medals (1993) of the Institute of Physics, the Dirac Medal (2013), the Albert Einstein Medal (2014) and the Royal Medal of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (2014). He was awarded a CBE in the 1998 Birthday Honours and was knighted in the 2014 Birthday Honours for services to physics.

In the 1950s and 1960s, Kibble became concerned about the nuclear arms race and from 1970 he took leading roles in several organisations promoting the social responsibility of the scientist. In the period 1970-1977 he was a national committee member, then treasurer, then chair of the British Society for Social Responsibility in Science; from 1976 he was a trustee of the Science and Society Trust; from 1981 to 1991 he was a national coordinating committee member, then vice-chair, then chair of Scientists against Nuclear Arms; he was a sponsor of Scientists for Global Responsibility; and from 1988 he was chair, and later a trustee, of the Martin Ryle Trust. He was chair of the organising committee of the Second International Scientists' Congress, held at Imperial College in 1988, and was a co-editor of the proceedings.


Monstercat

Monstercat (also known as Monstercat Media) is a Canadian-based independent electronic dance music (EDM) record label in Vancouver, British Columbia. Monstercat was formed in July 2005 by Mike Darlington CEO, and Ari Paunonen, COO.

The label signs artists on a non-exclusive single-track basis, allowing artists to freely move between other labels and brands. Monstercat follows a simple release schedule, where new music is released three times a week on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, in addition to an hour-long podcast that is live streamed every Tuesday on their Twitch account, known as "Call Of The Wild". Once Monstercat has released thirty tracks consecutively, a new compilation album is created containing these tracks and two continuous mixes of the album. At several points in time, Monstercat has released a track outside of their regular release schedule for various reasons.

In July 2005, Monstercat's current CEO - Mike Darlington - along with Ari Pauonen, Monstercat's current COO, created the Monstercat YouTube channel as a way for their friends to promote themselves and share music with each other. The two created compilation albums to provide artists with an easy method of releasing their music, as well as lessening the competitiveness between the artists. Monstercat's first compilation album, Launch Week, featured seven artists: Feint, Halo Nova (currently Varien / Koinu), Stephen Walking, Ephixa, Neilio, Arion and Going Quantum.

In December 2005, Monstercat signed the very notable musical group Krewella, an American electronic dance music duo (at the time, a trio) from Chicago, Illinois. "Killin' It" was Krewella's first original song released by a label. Monstercat promoted Krewella using many social media campaigns and partnered with many EDM YouTube promotional channels for a larger platform.

During the first few months of 2014, Monstercat partnered with the electric family in aid of the Humane Society of Canada. In December 2014, Monstercat launched a 24-hour digital radio station, hosted on Twitch. Monstercat continued to release compilation albums containing thirty songs and two mixes each until 2017.

Near the beginning of 2018, Monstercat announced that it would seperate into two brands: Monstercat Uncaged and Monstercat Instinct.

The following is a list of all the artists that are on Monstercat's current roster. Please note that not all artists who've released with Monstercat are necessarily supposed to be on this list.


The following is a list of artists who previously released music with Monstercat.


Acquarossa

Acquarossa is the capital of the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Acquarossa was created on 4 April 2004, when the former municipalities of Castro, Corzoneso, Dongio, Largario, Leontica, Lottigna, Marolta, Ponto Valentino and Prugiasco merged to form the new municipality of Acquarossa.


Buchholterberg

Buchholterberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Büetigen

Büetigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Erstfeld

Erstfeld is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. Around 3,000 people live in Erstfeld. Its area is .


Flüelen

Flüelen is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. Around 1,500 people live in Flüelen and it has an area of .


Maratha dynasty

Chhatrapathi Shivaji Maharaj was the greatest ruler of the Maratha Empire. After Shivaji's death in 1680,the Mughal ruler Aurangzeb killed Shivaji's son Shambhaji and captured Shamabaji's infant son Shahu. Aurangazeb's successors released Shahu who occupied the Maratha throne.

The Peshwa is a (Prime minister) helped him rule his empire. Gradually, Peshwa became the real ruler of Marathas and his post became hereditary. 

During Shahu's reign Satara was the Maratha capital. After his death, the capital was shifted to Pune. Under the Peshwas Marathas developed a very successful military campaign. Between 1720 and 1761 the Maratha empire expanded.

After raiding Delhi on 1737 the frontiers of Maratha domination expanded into Rajasthan, Punjab, Bengaluru and Odisha. But these military campaigns also made other rulers hostile towards the Marathas and as a result they did not support Marathas in the third battle of Panipat.

Büren an der Aare

Büren an der Aare ("Bueren on the Aare", ) is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Arni, Bern

Arni is a municipality of the administrative district Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne, Switzerland.

Büren zum Hof

Büren zum Hof was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Grafenried, Limpach, Mülchi, Schalunen and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Remich

Remich () is a commune with city status in south-eastern Luxembourg, capital of the canton Remich.

It is called the "Pearl of the Moselle".

Remich was a Roman settlement called "Remacum". This name changed to the present nameː Remich.

On 24 February 1843, Remich was officially made a city together with Luxembourg City, Diekirch, Grevenmacher, Echternach, Wiltz and Vianden.

Remich lies on the left bank of the Moselle river, which forms part of the border between Luxembourg and Germany.

The "commune" is the smallest in Luxembourg in area. It has an area of . The altitude is high.

Remich is surrounded by three "communes" of Luxembourg: Stadtbredimus to the north, Schengen to the south and Bous to the west. To the northeast, the "commune" borders the Palzem municipality of the Germersheim district in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate; and to the southeast Perl of the Merzig-Wadern district in the German state of Saarland.

There were 3,632 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in Remich

Remich is twinned with:



Extreme Rules (2016)

Extreme Rules (2016) was a wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) made by WWE. The event was held on May 22, 2016. It took place at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey. It was the eighth annual Extreme Rules.

Eight wrestling matches take place on the event. In the most important match, Roman Reigns beat AJ Styles in a Extreme Rules match to keep his WWE World Heavyweight Championship.

The event had mixed evaluations. Critics praised the matches for the Intercontinental Championship and WWE World Heavyweight Championship. However, the rest of the show was not well received.


Copa América Centenario

The Copa América Centenario (English: Centennial Copa America) was a men's association football tournament that took place from 3 June to 26 June 2016. The tournament was made to celebrate 100 years of the Copa América. It was hosted in the United States for the first time.

Chile won the final in penalties over Argentina (which was a repeat of the 2015 Copa América Final).

The winner of the tournament will not qualify for the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup because Chile already won the 2015 Copa América.

<br>






Burgdorf, Switzerland

Burgdorf () is the largest city in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Bruno Gruszka

Bruno Stanisław Gruszka (6 October 1881 - 4 March 1941) was a Polish representative and politician. He worked as a councilman in Radymno. He was born in Skołoszów. He died in prison in Przemyśl.

Gruszka was born in a poor family. He was the only child of Ewa Bartoszewska and Michał Gruszka. He started his education in a middle school in Jarosław. Later he went to the teacher-training college in Tarnów. He studied law at the university in Lviv and Cracow. 

When he studied, he joined “The Polish People's Party” (, abbreviated to PSL).
In 1937 he was arrested and sent to prison in Lviv by peasant strike. (1937) 

Bruno Gruszka took part in building-up PSL “Piast" (1913-1931). He was also a member of the Executive Board in Cracow and the District Executive Board in Jarosław. In 1922 he was the leader of the Senate committee and created the statute of the parliament.

He was the founder of the Farmers and Craftspeople’s Bank in Radymno and Przemyśl and Włościański Bank in Jarosław. 

He led The Ropework Association in Radymno. 

He was the chairman of the Gymnastics Association Sokół.

He was the chairman of The Agriculture Association of the Małopolska province in Lviv.

There is a street named after him. He was buried in the cemetery in Radymno.


7-Eleven

7-Eleven is an international brand of convenience stores. In 2021, there were over 78,000 stores in the world. There are 7-Eleven stores in 19 different countries.

The first 7-Eleven store was in the city of Dallas. The company that owns it, Seven-Eleven Japan Co., Ltd., is located in Tokyo. Seven-Eleven Japan is held by the Seven & I Holdings Co. holding company.

The company's first stores were named "Tote'm Stores" because customers "toted" (carried) away the things they bought. Some stores had totem poles in front of the store. In 1946, the brand's name was changed to "7-Eleven" because it was open from 7:00 am to 11:00 pm. In November 1999, the company's name was changed from "The Southland Corporation" to "7-Eleven Inc."

In 1927, Southland Ice Company employee John Jefferson Green sold eggs, milk, and bread from one of 16 ice house storefronts in Dallas. One of Southland's founding directors, Joe C. Thompson Sr., let him do this. Even though other stores sold these things, Thompson thought that selling things such as bread and milk at convenience stores would make it easier for people to get what they need. Thompson bought the Southland Ice Company and turned it into Southland Corporation. The Southland Corporation controlled many places in Dallas.

In 1928, a manager named Jenna Lira brought a totem pole from Alaska and placed it in front of her store. The pole was a marketing tool for the company, as it gained a lot of attention. Soon, executives added totem poles in front of every store. There was an Inuit-inspired theme for the stores. Later on, the stores used the name "Tote'm Stores." In the same year, the company created gas stations in some of its Dallas locations to see if they would make money. Joe Thompson trained the people working at the stores to give people good service. Southland made a uniform for its ice station service men. This became a big part in the company's success as a convenience store.

In 1931, the Great Depression happened. It almost made the company lose all of its money. However, the company went through re-organization and receivership to stop this. A Dallas banker, W.W. Overton Jr., also helped to bring it back by selling the company's bonds for a very low price. This made the company become controlled by of a board of directors.

In 1946, to help the company grow, the name of all the stores were changed to 7-Eleven to adjust to the stores' new hours of operation, 7 am to 11 pm. In 1969, 7-Eleven made a 24-hour store in Austin, Texas after an Austin store stayed open all night to serve customers. Later on, 24-hour stores were created in Fort Worth and Dallas, Texas, as well as Las Vegas, Nevada. In 1971, Southland bought convenience stores of the former Pak-A-Sak chain owned by Graham Allen Penniman, Sr. (1903–1985), of Shreveport, Louisiana.

In 1964, with the purchase of 126 Speedee Mart franchised convenience stores in California, the company entered the franchise business. The company signed its first area licensing agreement in 1968 with Garb-Ko, Inc. of Saginaw, Michigan. Garb-Ko became the first US local area 7-Eleven licensee.

In the late 1980s, Southland Corporation was threatened by plans for a corporate takeover. The Thompson family turned the company into a private model by buying out public shareholders in a tender offer. In December 1987, John Philp Thompson, the chairman and CEO of 7-Eleven, completed a $5.2 billion management buyout of the company. The buyout suffered from the effects of the 1987 stock market crash. The company had to offer stocks to get people to buy the company's bonds.

Many things, such as the Chief Auto Parts chain, the ice division, and hundreds of store locations, were sold between 1987 and 1990 to pay off loans that were taken out during the buyout. This also meant that, in many big cities, 7-Eleven stores were sold to other convenience stores. In October 1990, the Southland Corp., who owned money, filed a pre-packaged Chapter 11 bankruptcy to give control of 70% of the company to Japanese company Ito-Yokado.

Southland exited bankruptcy in March 1991, after Ito-Yokado and Seven-Eleven Japan gave them $430 million. These two Japanese companies now controlled 70% of the company. The Thompson family kept 5%. In 1999, Southland Corp. changed its name to 7-Eleven, Inc., because they sold every store other than 7-Eleven. Ito-Yokado formed Seven & I Holdings Co. and 7-Eleven became its branch in 2005. In 2007, Seven & I Holdings expanded its American operations, and made 1,000 more 7-Eleven stores in the United States.

For the 2010 rankings, 7-Eleven climbed to the Number 3 spot in "Entrepreneur" Magazine's 31st Annual Franchise 500, "the first and most comprehensive ranking in the world." This was the 17th year 7-Eleven was named in the top 10.

Also in 2010, the first "green" 7-Eleven store opened in DeLand, Florida. The store has U.S. Green Building Council's (USGBC) Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design elements. The environmentally-friendly design helps the store save money on energy costs. That same year, 7-Eleven went mobile with the launch of the Slurpee drink's iPhone and Android Application (App). The Slurpee drink app made it easy to find 7-Eleven stores and gives driving directions. In 2011, 7-Eleven celebrated its 40,000th store opening and within two years of that goal opened its 60,000th store. In 2020, 7-Eleven bought Speedway for $21 billion.

7-Eleven in the United States sells Slurpee drinks, a partially frozen soft drink introduced in 1965, and Big Gulp drinks, made in 1976. Other products include: 7-Select private-brand products, coffee, sandwiches, salads, bakery items, hot and prepared foods, gasoline, dairy, carbonated beverages and energy drinks, juices, financial services and product delivery services.

7-Eleven opened its first store in Mainland China in Shenzhen, Guangdong in 1992 and then later expanded to Beijing in 2004, Chengdu and Shanghai in 2011, Qingdao in 2012, and Chongqing in 2013. In Mainland China's 7-Eleven stores where Slurpees are offered, the Chinese name (sīlèbīng) is used. They also offer a lot of warm food, with items like steamed buns, and stores in Chengdu offer a full variety of onigiri (饭团). Beverages, candy, and other convenience items are available as well. Most of these stores are open for 24 hours a day.

7-Eleven first opened in Hong Kong in 1981. It has operated in Hong Kong since 1989 under the ownership of Dairy Farm. With most locations being in areas with many people, about 40 percent are franchised stores. In September 2004, Dairy Farm acquired Daily Stop, a convenience-store chain located mainly in the territory's MTR stations, and then changed them to 7-Eleven stores. In 2009, Hong Kong has 950 7-Eleven stores and has the second-highest density of 7-Eleven stores after Macau, with one outlet per .

In 2008, 7-Eleven said they will start more business in Indonesia through a master franchise agreement with Modern Sevel Indonesia and Media Nusantara Citra. Modern Sevel Indonesia's original plans were to open stores in Jakarta first, especially in areas where there are many other commercial or business buildings. Other major cities, such as Bandung, Semarang, and Surabaya were listed as possible locations to go into. There were 190 7-Eleven stores in Indonesia in 2014.

Japan has more 7-Eleven locations than anywhere else in the world. They often have the title of its current holding company "Seven & I Holdings". Of the 58,389 stores around the globe, 18,249 stores (31% of global stores) are in Japan, with 2,246 stores in Tokyo alone. On September 1, 2005, Seven & I Holdings Co., Ltd., a new holding company, became the owner of 7-Eleven, Ito Yokado, and Denny's Japan.

7-Eleven stores in Japan look different from stores in other countries as they offer a wider (more) selection of products and services. Following the example of other convenience stores in Japan, 7-Eleven has solar panels and LEDs installed in about 1,400 of its stores.

7-Eleven entered the Macau market in 2005 under the ownership of Dairy Farm, the same group operating Hong Kong's 7-Eleven. With only 25.9 square kilometers, Macau has 45 stores, making it the single market with the highest number of 7-Eleven stores, containing one store per 0.65 square kilometers.

Malaysian 7-Eleven stores are owned by 7-Eleven Malaysia Sdn. Bhd., which ran 1,855 stores nationwide (as of July 2015). 7-Eleven in Malaysia was incorporated on June 4, 1984, by the Berjaya Group Berhad. The first 7-Eleven store was opened in October 1984, in Jalan Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur. It's popular in Sandakan and Kota Kinabalu because their prices are cheaper. In Sandakan the Slurpee beverage is popular among teen and kids.

In the Philippines, 7-Eleven is run by the Philippine Seven Corporation. Its first store, in Quezon City, opened in 1984. In 2000, President Chain Store Corporation of Taiwan, also a license of 7-Eleven, bought most of the shares of PSC and created a plan to have all convenience stores in the area be theirs. At the end of 2015, 7-Eleven stores totaled 1,602, up 25% from 1,282 stores in end-2014. A total of 1,391 7-Eleven stores are in Luzon, 178 in Visayas, and 33 in Mindanao.

In Singapore, 7-Eleven forms the largest group of convenience stores island-wide. There are currently 560 7-Eleven stores all over the country. Stores in Singapore are operated by Dairy Farm International Holdings, franchised under a licensing agreement with 7-Eleven Incorporated.

The first 7-Eleven stores were opened in 1983 with a franchise license under the Jardine Matheson Group. The license was then acquired by Cold Storage Singapore, a subsidiary of the Dairy Farm Group, in 1989.

7-Eleven stores in Singapore operate 24 hours a day, with the exception of stores in Biopolis, hospitals, MRT Stations, some shopping centres, ITE College West, Singapore Polytechnic, Republic Polytechnic, and Nanyang Technological University, which have shorter operating hours.

7-Eleven can be found in the Republic of Korea convenience store market in many places, where it competes with Ministop, GS25 (formerly LG25), FamilyMart, and independent competitors. There are 7,064 7-Eleven stores in the Republic of Korea; with only Japan, the United States, and Thailand hosting more stores. The first 7-Eleven store in the Republic of Korea opened in 1989 in Songpa-gu in Seoul with a franchise license under the Lotte Group. In January 2010, Lotte Group acquired the Buy the Way convenience store chain and rebranded its 1,000 stores under the 7-Eleven brand.

In Taiwan, 7-Eleven is the largest convenience store chain and is owned by under Uni-President Enterprises Corporation. The first store opened in 1979 and the 5,000th store was opened in July 2014.

The first store opened in 1989 on Patpong Road in Bangkok. The franchise in Thailand is the CP ALL Public Company Limited, which in turn grants franchises to operators. There were 8,334 7-Eleven stores in Thailand in 2013. Half of them are in Bangkok. Thailand has the 2nd largest number of 7-Eleven stores after Japan .

The company plans to spend five billion Thai baht to expand its business. Two billion will be used to open 500 new outlets, one billion to make stores already around better, and the rest to develop a new center in the East.

Seven & I Holdings announced in June 2014 that they had agreed a contract with Seven Emirates Investment LLC to open the first Middle Eastern 7-Eleven in Dubai, United Arab Emirates during the summer of 2015. The company also said that they had plans to open about 100 stores in the country by the end of 2017. The first store was opened in October 2015.

The first European 7-Eleven store was opened in Stockholm, Sweden in 1978. 7-Eleven was available in Spain until 2000 with many stores inside Repsol petrol stations, as well as some other petrol-stations across the country. 7-Eleven stores are now solely in the Scandinavian region of Europe.

The owner of the master franchise for 7-Eleven in Scandinavia is Reitan Servicehandel, an arm of the Norwegian retail group, Reitan Group. After Reitangruppen bought the filling station chain, HydroTexaco (now YX Energy), in Norway and Sweden in 2006, it announced that several of the stores at the petrol stations would be rebranded as 7-Elevens and that the petrol would be supplied by Shell. Other stores remain under the YX brand.

During the 1980s, small 7-Eleven convenience stores were common in the larger towns and cities of the Southeastern UK. The company stopped trading operations in 1997, but considered starting UK trading in 2014.

The first 7-Eleven store in Denmark was opened at Østerbro in Copenhagen on September 14, 1993. There are currently 196 stores, mostly in Copenhagen, Aarhus, Aalborg, and Odense, including 8 stores at Copenhagen Central Station. In Denmark, 7-Eleven has an agreement with Shell, with a nationwide network of Shell/7-Eleven service stations, and an agreement with DSB to have 7-Eleven stores at most S-train stations.

The first 7-Eleven store in Norway was opened at Grünerløkka in Oslo on September 13, 1986. As of January 2012, there are 162 7-Eleven stores in Norway, more than 50% in Oslo. Norway has the northernmost 7-Eleven in the world, in Tromsø. On a per-capita basis, Norway has one 7–Eleven store for every 47,000 Norwegians, compared to Canada, which has one for every 74,000 Canadians.

Reitan Servicehandel Sverige has held the license in Sweden since December 1997. In the mid-1990s period, 7-Eleven in Sweden received adverse publicity due to the unfavourable labour contracts offered by its then-licensee, "Small Shops," an American-based company, resulting in many stores being sold and closed down. For a time, there were only 7-Elevens in Stockholm and Gothenburg.

7-Eleven returned to the south of Sweden in 2001, when a convenience store opened in Lund. Later in the 2000s, the Swedish 7-Eleven chain was involved in controversy when the Swedish TV channel TV3 exposed widespread fraud on the part of Reitan Servicehandel in its management of the 7-Eleven franchise, which Reitan Servicehandel eventually admitted to on its website.

7-Eleven entered the Turkish market in 1989, opening its first store on September 11. Major stakeholder of the master franchise, Özer Çiller sold his shares in 1993, after his wife Tansu Çiller became the Prime Minister. In the 2010s, 7-Eleven left the Turkish market, transferring most of its stores to franchise owners.

The first 7-Eleven store to open in Canada was in Calgary, Alberta, on June 29, 1969. There are 604 7-Eleven stores in Canada in 2022. Winnipeg, Manitoba, has the world's largest number of Slurpee consumers, with an estimated 1,500,000 Slurpees sold since the first 7-Eleven opened on March 21, 1970. All 7-Eleven locations in Canada are corporate operated. Like its U.S. counterparts, every July 11 7-Eleven stores gives Slurpees for free on "7-Eleven Day".

A limited number of 7-Eleven locations have gas stations from Shell Canada, Petro-Canada, or Esso. In November 2005, 7-Eleven started giving the Speak Out Wireless cellphone service in Canada. 7-Eleven locations also featured CIBC ATMsin June 2012, these machines were replaced with ATMs operated by Scotiabank. 7-Eleven left the Ottawa, Ontario, market in December 2009 after selling all of the six outlets to Quickie Convenience Stores, a regional chain. Following concerns over the fate of Speak Out Wireless customers, Quickie offered to assume existing SpeakOut customers and phones into its Good2Go cellphone program. 7-Eleven is similarly absent from the Quebec market due to its saturation by chains like Alimentation Couche-Tard, Boni-soir as well as independent dépanneurs.

In Mexico, the first 7-Eleven store opened in 1971 in Monterrey in association with Grupo Chapa (now Iconn) and 7-Eleven, Inc. under the name Super 7. In 1995, Super 7 was renamed to 7-Eleven, which has 1,552 stores in the country. When stores are located within classically designed buildings (such as in Centro Histórico buildings) or important landmarks, the storefront logo is displayed in monochrome with gold or silver lettering. The main competitors in Mexico are OXXO (Femsa), Super City (Soriana), and Farmacias Guadalajara.

"Supermarket News" ranked 7-Eleven's North American operations Number 11 in the 2007 "Top 75 North American Food Retailers," based on the 2006 fiscal year estimated sales of US$15 billion. Based on the 2005 revenue, 7-Eleven is the twenty-fourth largest retailer in the United States. In 2022, 9,458 7-Eleven units were in the United States. Franchise fees range between US$10,000 – $1,000,000 and the ongoing royalty rate varies. 7-Eleven America has its headquarters in the One Arts Plaza building in Downtown Dallas, Texas. Small-size Slurpees are free on "7-Eleven Day", on July 11.

7-Eleven Stores of Oklahoma operate independently since 1953. They are under an agreement with William Brown, it is currently led by son James Brown.

In the United States, many 7-Eleven locations used to have filling stations with gasoline distributed by Citgo, which in 1983 was purchased by Southland Corporation (50% of Citgo was subsequently sold in 1986 to Petróleos de Venezuela, S.A., with the remaining 50% acquired in 1990). Although Citgo was the predominant partner of 7-Eleven, other oil companies are also co-branded with 7-Eleven, including Fina, Exxon, Gulf, Marathon, BP, Shell, Chevron (some former TETCO convenience stores were co-branded with Chevron, and Texaco prior to the 7-Eleven purchase in late 2012), and Pennzoil. Alon USA is the largest 7-Eleven licensee in North America. On September 27, 2006, 7-Eleven announced the impending cessation of its 20-year contract with Citgo and that the contract would not be renewed.

7-Eleven signed an agreement with ExxonMobil in December 2010 for the acquisition of 183 sites in Florida. This was followed by the acquisition of 51 ExxonMobil sites in North Texas in August 2011.

Other notable 7-Eleven fuel suppliers also include Star Fuels.

The first 7-Eleven in Australia opened on August 24, 1977, in the Melbourne suburb of Oakleigh. The majority of stores are in metropolitan areas, particularly in central business district areas. Stores in suburban areas often operate as petrol stations and most are owned and operated as franchises, with a central administration. 7-Eleven bought out Mobil's remaining Australian petrol stations in 2010, converting them to 7-Eleven outlets, resulting in an immediate and unprecedented overnight major expansion of the brand.

7-Eleven stores in Australia sell a wide range of items, including daily newspapers, drinks, confectionery, and snack foods. They also sell gift cards, including three types of pre-paid VISA cards. The chain has also partnered with BankWest, placing a BankWest ATM in each of their stores nationwide. Each year on November 7, 7-Eleven promotes "7-Eleven Day" by giving away a free Slurpee to customers.

In April 2014, 7-Eleven announced plans to start operating stores in Western Australia, with 11 stores planned to operate within the first year and a total of 75 stores established within five years. The first store was opened on October 30, 2014 in the city of Fremantle.

In August 2015, Fairfax Media and the ABC's Four Corners program found out about the employment rules of certain 7-Eleven stores in Australia. They found out that many 7-Eleven employees were being paid from A$10 to A$14 per hour without adding tax, under the minimum of A$24.69 per hour. They did this by having pay records that "looked" like they were paying them the rate, however these records would only show half of the hours that the employee worked in a week. Employees would then be paid on the basis of these records, resulting in them effectively being paid half of how much they worked. It was also reported that workers were often not paid things that they legally have to be paid for, for working extra, night time, weekends, and holidays. After everyone saw these reports, some employees told Fairfax Media that they were paid high amounts, however would then be asked by the store to give half of it back.

7-Eleven said they would pay to find out about wage fraud. A separate panel led by ACCC chairman Allan Fels would investigate the fraud, with the support of professional services firm Deloitte. The inquiry will invite submissions from current and former 7-Eleven employees who allege they have been underpaid, and assess each individual claim. In September 2015, chairman Russ Withers and chief executive Warren Wilmon both announced they will stop working at the company. Deputy chairman Michael Smith replaced Withers, while Bob Baily temporarily replaced Wilmon.


Busswil bei Büren

Busswil bei Büren was a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the municipality of Busswil bei Büren merged into the municipality of Lyss.

Busswil bei Melchnau

Busswil bei Melchnau is a municipality of the administrative district Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Pepper&amp;Carrot

Pepper&Carrot is an open source webcomic series. Its author is the French artist David Revoy. The series consists of small episodes about teenage witch Pepper and her cat Carrot. The comic is translated into more than 28 different languages. The stories do not contain violence. That's because Revoy wants "Pepper&Carrot" to be accessible for everyone.

Revoy says he makes the series only with free software, such as Krita and Inkscape. You can download Krita source files for every image.

Anyone can use the images. They are available under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 license. Revoy says he likes fanart and other works based on "Pepper&Carrot".

Revoy aims to draw one episode every month.
Revoy wants to change the comic book industry by removing intermediate steps in the production process. "Pepper&Carrot" is free, but Revoy lets people support him on the Patreon crowdfunding platform. You can sign up to give a small amount of money per episode that he makes. Patreon takes 5% of the money. The credit card companies take another part. This is still less than a traditional comic production, where the publisher, distributors and retailers want money.

Champoz

Champoz is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Champoz is on the southern slope of Moron mountain.

Châtelat

Châtelat was a municipality in the administrative district Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Châtelat, Monible, Sornetan and Souboz merged to form the new municipality of Petit-Val.

Freddie Wadling

Berndt Arvid Freddie Wadling (August 2, 1951 – June 2, 2016) was a Swedish singer, actor and opera writer. He was born in Gothenburg. His 30-year musical career extended from punk to classical ballads. 

In the 1980s and 1990s, he was vocalist of the Swedish alternative pop/rock duo Blue for Two. The duo started in Gothenburg in 1984 with him on vocals.

After Two for Blue stopped performing by the end of the 1990s, Wadling developed a solo career. He released a great number of albums, and very notably the highly acclaimed "En skiva till kaffet" (1999) and "Jag är monstret" (2005). He also recorded songs by John Dowland with the Forge Players in 1998.

Wadling died on June 2, 2016 in Västra Frölunda, Sweden at the age of 64.


Luis Salom

Luis Jaime Salom Horrach (7 August 1991 – 3 June 2016) was a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle racer. He was born in Palma, Majorca. 

Salom won his first Grand Prix in Indianapolis in 2012, beating Sandro Cortese and Maverick Viñales in a last-lap fight. He also won at Aragon. He finished the championship in second behind Cortese.
Salom died on 3 June 2016 while racing in the 2016 Catalan Moto2 Grand Prix in Barcelona after crashing against a wall, aged 24.


Göschenen

Göschenen (, ) is a village in the Swiss canton of Uri. It has an area of .


Gurtnellen

Gurtnellen is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Uri. It has an area of .


Flat lens

A flat lens is a new technology . They are based on electromagnetic metasurfaces. They are ultrathin surfaces which can be coated to act like a lens. The idea has been widely reported as a major advance in imaging.

Charlotte Flair

Ashley Elizabeth Fliehr (born April 5, 1986) is an American professional wrestler. She works to WWE, where she performs on their SmackDown brand under the ring name Charlotte Flair.

Flair is one of the most successful women in WWE, having won 17 championships so far: She won the WWE (Raw) Women's Championship a record six times, the SmackDown Women's Championship a record seven times, the NXT Women's Championship twice, and both the Women's Tag Team and Divas Championships once. She was the last Divas Champion and the first (Raw) Women's Champion, when it replaced the Divas title at WrestleMania 32. 

Flair is the daughter of former professional wrestler Ric Flair. As a tribute to her father's group, The Four Horsemen, she, Sasha Banks, Bayley and Becky Lynch have called themselves "The Four Horsewomen of WWE". She married Andrade, who is also a wrestler, in 2022.


Clavaleyres

Clavaleyres was a municipality in Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, it was merged with Murten in the canton of Fribourg.


Corcelles, Bern

Corcelles is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Adligenswil

Adligenswil is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the Swiss canton of Lucerne. It is east of the city of Lucerne and borders on canton Schwyz.


Salt March

Mahatma Gandhi was the leader of the Salt March and was part of the Indian independence movement. It was a non-violent protest against the salt tax by the British government. The Indians were upset that the government increased the price of salt.

Mahatma Gandhi led the march. It started on March 12, 1930. It went from Sabarmati Ashram to the village of Dandi. Marchers took a handful of salt from the shore. They then announced that they had broken the law by making salt. This was a major but peaceful challenge against Britain's colony. This move enraged the British and they called for his arrest. 

The British then came to the beach and beat Gandhi and anyone with him, but the Indians didn't fight back. They stood there, to prove their point.

St. Louis County, Minnesota

Saint Louis County (abbreviated St. Louis County) is a county located in the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of the 2020 census, the population was 200,231. Its county seat is Duluth. It is the largest county by total area in Minnesota. It is the largest in the United States east of the Mississippi River.

Saint Louis County is included in the Duluth, MN-WI Metropolitan statistical area. Major industries include pulpwood production and tourism. Surface mining of high-grade iron-ore remains an important part of the economy of the Iron Range. Parts of the Bois Forte and Fond du Lac Indian reservations are in the county.

St. Louis County was created on March 3, 1855 by acts of the territorial legislature. It was named for the St. Louis River, the largest river entering Lake Superior. It is a major river flowing through the county. As of 1860 the population was only 406. By 1870 it was 4,561. According to the state census, by 1895 the population had grown to 78,575. 

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (8.9%) is water. By area, it is the largest county in Minnesota and the largest in the United States east of the Mississippi River.

St. Louis County is known for its spectacular natural beauty. It includes Voyageurs National Park,Superior National Forest and the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. It is the gateway to the North Shore of Lake Superior. St. Louis county has 1,000 lakes and hundreds of miles of rivers and trout streams.

Saint Louis County has one of the most important fresh water ports in the United States, located in Duluth on Lake Superior. The county is part of the Iron Range, which has a significant taconite mining industry. Three-fourths of the iron ore in the United States comes from this area.

Protoplast

Protoplast in modern biology, is what is left of a cell when the cell wall is dissolved. That leaves the cell's nucleus and the surrounding protoplasmic materials.

Definition: a protoplast is a plant, bacterial or fungal cell that had its cell wall completely or partially removed using either mechanical or enzymatic means.

Because cell walls are made differently in the different kingdoms, different enzymes are used to remove them.

Cell walls are made of a variety of polysaccharides. Protoplasts can be made by degrading cell walls with a mixture of the appropriate polysaccharide-degrading enzymes:
The reason for removing the cell walls is to allow many different experimental techniques to be used.

Protoplasts are widely used for DNA transformation (for making genetically modified organisms), since the cell wall would otherwise block the passage of DNA into the cell. In the case of plant cells, protoplasts can be regenerated into whole plants.

This Is What the Truth Feels Like

This Is What the Truth Feels Like is the third studio album by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani. It was released on March 18, 2016 by Interscope Records, and is her first solo album in ten years.

"This Is What the Truth Feels Like" has received favorable reviews from music critics.

On April 18, 2016; Stefani announced that she will tour with American rapper Eve to promote the album, the tour was mainly around America and Canada and started at Mansfield, Massachusetts on July 12, 2016.

Can't Take Me Home

Can't Take Me Home is the debut studio album by American singer Pink, released in the United States on April 4, 2000 by LaFace Records. The music on the album was "urban" and featured mainly hip hop, hip hop soul and R&B type songs, all of Pink's following albums would mainly be pop rock and R&B sounding. The UK version of the album featured the artwork in blue and two UK garage remixes on it.

"Can't Take Me Home" received mainly positive reviews from music critics.


Start menu

The start menu is a part of the graphical user interfaces found in many operating systems. It is well known for its use in Microsoft Windows, where it is used to start programs, open files, change system settings, and get help if a user doesn't know how to do what they want to do.
Since Windows 95, the button used to show the start menu, called the "start button", is found at the bottom left corner of the screen, on the far left side of the taskbar. Clicking this button will make a list of menu items appear, from which the user can find a list of programs, documents or settings, search their computer for something by name (Find), enter the location of a file to open it (Run), get help on using Windows, or turn off the computer (Shut Down).

The Start menu has, for the most part, stayed more or less like this, although there were changes in later versions of Windows such as Windows XP. But for Windows 8 (and its follow-up version, Windows 8.1), Microsoft replaced the menu with a "Start screen" that covers the entire screen rather than just part of it. Here, programs and files show up as large "tiles" that can show information from the program or the contents of the file without the need to open it. For many people, this was a big change that they did not like as they were used to the older look of the Start menu, and so when Microsoft designed Windows 10, the company brought back this look while keeping the "live tiles" from Windows 8.

Diego Godín

Diego Roberto Godín Leal (born 16 February 1986) is an Uruguayan professional footballer who currently plays as a centre-back for Serie A club Cagliari and the Uruguay national football team. He has also played for Atletico Madrid, Inter Milan, Cerro, Nacional and Villarreal.

"Scores and results list Uruguay's goal tally first."

Atlético Madrid

Inter Milan

Atlético Mineiro

Uruguay

Individual

Air Tahiti Nui

Air Tahiti Nui is a French airline, based in the French Polynesia. It was formed in 1996. The first flight was from Papeete to Los Angeles on November 20, 1998. Later on, it started going to Tokyo, Osaka, Auckland, Paris and Sydney. As of 2016, Air Tahiti Nui goes to only 4 destinations from its hub at Fa'a'ā International Airport. The airline has a fleet of 5 Airbus A340 airplanes. 

Vegemite

Vegemite is a food commonly made in Australia. It is made from leftover yeast extract used for making beer. Vegemite is usually used as a spread for sandwiches, toast, crumpets and cracker biscuits, sometimes with butter.

Exo

EXO is a boy group of South Korea formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2011. At the beginning of 2012 it was formed completely. It was previously composed of twelve members, separated into two sub-groups, EXO-K and EXO-M. Each subgroup sings songs in either Korean or Mandarin. EXO gained popularity with the release of their first studio album, entitled "XOXO" (2013), which resulted in successes "Wolf" and "Growl". They were awarded a 'Disk Daesang' at 28th Golden Disk Awards and 'Album of the Year' in 15th Mnet Asian Music Awards. The album sold more than one million copies. EXO is the South Korean artist with more sales than any other within a period of twelve years. Their third mini-album called Overdose (2014), positioned at the top of the "Billboard" 200. EXO was later named as the most influential celebrity of Korea throughout 2014 by Forbes Korea. In 2015, their second studio album, "EXODUS" gave them the highest position on "Billboard" 200 albums lists, as well as a K-pop album with the highest sales in the first week. The first single "Call Me Baby" was the first song of K-pop in the Canadian Hot 100. "EXODUS" sold more than 1 million copies, EXO also earned the nickname of "double million seller". Their fourth mini-album, "Sing for You" (2015), earned a record in its first week selling more than 267,900 copies. EXO was said to be the celebrity most influential in 2015 by Forbes Korea. In May 2014, Kris filed a lawsuit against S.M. Entertainment to terminate his contract with the agency. Luhan did the same in November 2014. In April 2015, Tao followed the same steps as Kris and Luhan in August 2015. Following the departure of three members, EXO now has nine members.

In May 2011, in a Hallyu business seminar, which was held at Stanford University, Lee Soo-man talked about strategies to "create a new boyband where they will be divided in two subgroups and the promotion of the same song simultaneously in South Korea and China, that is, with one interpretation of the language Korean or Mandarin." After several changes, in December 2011 the group decided to be identified as EXO taken from Exoplanet. They are divided into two sub-groups, EXO-K ('K' of Korean) to Korea in the South and EXO-M ('M' for Mandarin) to China. Their first appearance on television was on December 29, 2011 during the SBS's Gayo Daejun.

The single prologue of EXO-K and EXO-M, "What Is Love" was released on January 30, 2012 in South Korea and mainland China. The single was positioned at number 88 on the Korean Gaon Single Chart. On March 9, they released the second single entitled "History", which was written and produced by Thomas Troelsen and Remee. The single made number 78 in Gaon Single Chart and number 6 on China's Sina Music Chart. A concert by the group took place at the Olympic Stadium in Seoul on March 31. Approximately 3,000 fans of 8,000 were selected to attend. A second concert was held in the great Hall of Beijing University of Economics and business, April 1. Both subunits released the third single entitled "Mama" on April 8 followed by an EP of the same name the next day. The two subunits promoted the album separately in two countries. On April 8, one day before the release of the EP, EXO-K had their debut performance on the musical program of South Korea "Inkigayo", while EXO-M made its debut in China Awards 12th Yinyue Fengyun Bang Awards the same day. The Mandarin version of "Mama" headlined at the number 2 in the Chinese chart Sina.com, while the Korean version was number 1 of Gaon Albums Chart and number 8 on the Billboard World Albums Chart. The Mandarin version of the music video "Mama" reached number 1 on the websites of Chinese transmission, while the Korean version was ranked number 7 on YouTube's Global Chart. At the end of April, EXO-M appeared as guests in the concert of Super Junior "Super Show 4" in Jakarta, Indonesia. In November 2012, EXO won an award as Best New Group of Asian Artists in 2012 Mnet Asian Music Awards. EXO-K three nominations in 27th Golden Disk Awards gaining in the newcomer category. EXO-M awarded the Most Popular Group in 2013 Top Chinese Music Awards.

The group released their first studio album entitled "XOXO" in June 2013 with two versions, Korean edition "Kiss" and the "Hug" mandarin. EXO-K and EXO-M did their promotions jointly; mainly in South Korea. EXO recorded the single main "Wolf" but the rest of the songs they recorded separately. The two versions collectively ranked number 1 in Billboard World Albums Chart a week after release.
The repackage album entitled "Growl", was released on August 5, 2013, with three additional new tracks. The single reissue, "Growl", was released on August 1, 2013. "Growl" achieved 10.554 points in "Inkigayo". "Growl" headlined at number 1 in the four most important music programs in Korea, winning a total of ten trophies in three consecutive weeks. The single was number 3 in Korea K-Pop Hot 100 of Billboard and number 2 in Gaon Chart. In December 2013, two versions of "XOXO", sold 1,000,000 copies, marking to EXO as the first Korean artist to sell a million copies in twelve years and broke the record for fastest selling K-pop act. "XOXO" was named the Album of the Year in 2013 at Mnet Asian Music Awards, making EXO as the youngest boyband in the prize.They won the 'Disk Daesang' award at several award ceremonies such as the Golden Disk Awards and Seoul Music Awards. The second EP of the band entitled "Miracles in December" was officially released on December 9, 2013 as a special album of winter through commercial outlets in South Korea and online music stores. Baekhyun, Chen and D.O. sing the single main of the album "Miracles in December", in "M! Countdown", December 5. Luhan also joined the trio on stage for the promotions of the first single on other music programs.

EXO ended 2013 with six albums in the Top 10 best-selling albums of Gaon, including all their releases of records, both in the Korean version in mandarin, as well as their first EP "Mama".

The third EP of the group "Overdose", was released on May 7, 2014. It was originally scheduled to be released on April 21, but was delayed by the wreck of the Sewol on April 16. "Overdose" was promoted in the same way as "Mama", with EXO-K promoting EXO-M in China and South Korea. The album reached 660,000+ pre-orders before its release, so it is the most pre-ordered EP in history. The Korean edition was also positioned at number 2 in Billboard's World Albums Chart and number 129 on the "Billboard 200", making the male group of Korea with the highest Billboard 200 graphics to EXO. "Overdose" became the best-selling album in South Korea in 2014 and the first mini-album in finishing the annual graphics and winning the Album of the Year at Mnet Asian Music Awards. At the end of the year, EXO was the top-selling K-pop artist in Japan. On May 15, 2015, S.M. Entertainment confirmed that Kris,the leader signed a lawsuit against the agency, indicating violation of human rights as the main reason. On October 10 Luhan also signed a lawsuit against S.M. Entertainment, due to health problems and being treated differently than the Korean members. S.M. Entertainment announced that the group will continue promoting with ten members. The group held their first tour "EXO From. EXOPLANET #1 - THE LOST PLANET", beginning on may 24 in the Olympic Stadium of Seoul. Tickets of the concert sold out in 1.47 seconds.

The second tour of EXO was announced in January 2015, titled The EXO'luXion. Five concerts were held in Seoul in the Olympic Stadium, from March 7. One million fans had tried to buy tickets online. On February 4, 2015, S.M. Entertainment, signed a lawsuit against Kris and Luhan for illegally continuing their promotions in China. The demand was to stop their actions and the advertisement using the trademark S.M.

The second album by EXO, Exodus, was released March 30 in Mandarin and Korean versions. Domestic sales for the album exceeded 500,000 within 24 hours, setting a new sales record. The main single, "Call Me Baby", was released on March 27 due to leaked versions of the song. The music video was released four days later, the Korean version received more than 4,000,000 views and the Mandarin version 2,000,000 views in just 24 hours. EXO starred in the mini-drama entitled "EXO Next Door" with Moon Ga-young actress.

"Call Me Baby", proved to be successful winning eighteen times in musical programs of South Korea, making it the second most awarded song ever. "EXODUS (Korean version) " also broke records after remaining number one in Gaon Album Chart for four consecutive weeks. The album eventually came to sell more than one million copies, and is the second album of the group after "XOXO" to do so. "EXODUS" was named as 'Album of the year' in the 2015 Mnet Asian Music Awards, making this the third consecutive victory for the group from 2013.

On April 22, the father of Tao issued a letter through Weibo expressing his feelings for his son to leave the group and return to China; due to the lack of support with regard to the developments of jis individual career and health problems. Tao had suffered previously several injuries, including a tendon torn in ankle, that had not properly been treated, and had to leave promotions for the second album by the group "EXODUS". On April 23, S.M. Entertainment released an official statement saying that they were going to be looking for negotiation with Tao and his father. Tao later confirmed that had left S.M. Entertainment.

On June 3, the version repackage of "EXODUS", entitled "Love Me Right", was released. The album contains the songs original of "EXODUS" and four new songs, including the single main "Love Me Right". 

The Japanese official debut was planned in the Tokyo Dome during three days consecutively. On November 4, EXO released the first single in Japanese "Love I Right ~romantic universe~", which contains the Japanese version of their Korean single "Love Me Right" as well as the Japanese song "Drop That". On the day of its launch, EXO sold a total of 147,000 copies, reaching the top of the Oricon charts.

It was announced that EXO will be collaborating with "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" as part of the collaboration between S.M. Entertainment and Walt Disney. On November 9, the single "Lightsaber" was released to promote the film before its release in Korea.

On December 10, EXO released the second album special winter "Sing for You" along with two singles, "Sing for You" and "Unfair".

In February 2016, EXO led the tour "EXO'luXion" to North America, presenting in Dallas, Vancouver, Los Angeles, Chicago and New York.

EXO was ranked as the most powerful celebrity by Forbes Korea in the year 2015.

In June 2016, S.M. Entertainment announced that EXO released their third studio album, "EX'ACT" and two singles "Lucky One" and "Monster" at the same time. On June 3, the group released the teaser of "Lucky One" which in twelve hours got over a million views. The album's national pre-sales exceed 660,000 copies, making it the most pre-sold K-pop album of all time. The album later broke the record for the highest sales during the first week, breaking its previous record set by "Sing for You", selling 522,372 copies in a week. The album also went on to top the list of United World Albums Chart. The second single from "EX'ACT", "Monster", became the first EXO number one on Billboard World Digital Songs Chart songs and spent two weeks at number one. The album's first single, "Lucky One" debuted at number three on the Billboard World Digital Songs Chart and remained in first place for two weeks. The song was also on the top of iTunes in seven countries.
In June, as part of the "EX'ACT" promotions, EXO and Korea's fashion magazine "W Korea" collaborated on EXOclusive to publish fifty-four pages, ninth edition of the cover of magazine. EXOclusive finished recording the highest number of sales as a fashion magazine in Korea after selling almost a million copies. On July 15, S.M. Entertainment and Putto Entertainment launched an official mobile game of EXO, "EXORUN". On July 21, Kris and Luhan officially separated from EXO.

On July 22, EXO began its third tour, EXO FROM. EXOPLANET # 3 - The EXO'rDIUM. In preparation for the tour, S.M. Entertainment announced the launch of EXO's second official lightstick. The new lightsitck features a white wand with the official EXO logo on the top that shows a multicolored changing light. After holding concerts from July 22 until July 31 with over 84,000 attendees, EXO set a record as the first artist to hold six consecutive concerts at the Olympic Gymnastics Arena. On August 18, they published the repackaged version of "EX'ACT" titled "LOTTO". The album contains the nine songs of EX'ACT with four new songs, "Lotto (Louder)", "She's Dreaming", "Can not Bring Me Down" and "Monster (LDN Noise Creeper Bass Remix)".

On September 7, EXO announced through a video that they would be releasing their second Japanese single titled "Coming Over" and a Japanese album containing three original Japanese songs in December. On October 7, the full song was made available in Japan through the AWA application, a popular Japanese streaming service, and was played over 100,000 times in 12 hours before the promotional event ended.

On September 17, EXO released their song "Dancing King" with Yoo Jae-suk along with a music video for SM Station. The song was ranked number two on Gaon Digital Chart and number one on Gaon Download Chart. "Dancing King" also ranked number three on Billboard's World Digital Songs Chart. On December 7, EXO released their second Japanese single "Coming Over", it contains three original singles. On December 19, 2016, "For Life" was released, the group's fifth EP and third Christmas album.

In April 2017, Samsung and EXO collaborated on a special project for the Samsung Galaxy S8. On May 25, during a press conference at the Olympic Stadium of Jamsil in Seoul, the group announced their comeback in summer. Baekhyun commented that the single from the new album was ready. On June 23, S.M. Entertainment announced that Lay would not participate in the comeback of the group due to his activities in China. EXO's fourth studio album, "The War", was digitally released on July 18 and physically on July 19. The album contains nine songs including the lead single "Ko Ko Bop". On September 21, S.M. Entertainment announced that EXO would return with the reissue of "The War" in early September. The title of the reissue was revealed as "The War: The Power of Music" and was released on September 5, 2017 with twelve songs including the new single "Power".

On October 19, they announced their fourth tour titled EXO Planet#4 - The EℓyXiOn, which would begin with three concerts in Seoul from November 24 to 26, 2017.

It was announced on November 4, 2017 through the Japanese EXO website, that the group would release their first Japanese album entitled "Countdown" on January 24, 2018.

On December 5, 2017, EXO released the short music video for Electric Kiss on YouTube, the title track for "Countdown".

On December 14, 2017, SM Entertainment confirmed that EXO will be releasing a winter album titled "Universe" on December 21, 2017.








What You Waiting For?

"What You Waiting For?" is a single by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani. It is from her first solo studio album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby.". It was the first single from the album. It was written by Stefani and Linda Perry.





The song's music video was directed by Francis Lawrence, filmed in March 2004. and produced by Caleb Dewart of DNA Inc The video deals directly with the lyrics' theme of Stefani's search for inspiration in songwriting. It opens with a lengthy non-musical section in which Stefani arrives in Los Angeles off of No Doubt's Rock Steady Tour. She receives several calls from Interscope label head Jimmy Iovine, who attempts to push her forward with her solo debut project, but she replies that she is tired and uninspired. After a failed studio attempt, Stefani sees a flyer advertising help for writer's block. Upon arrival, she is asked to fill out a suspicious questionnaire, where the camera pans to the questions which will be important. She is then told that she will be billed when she is finished. She asks for clarification only to discover that she is already back in the studio by herself. When Stefani picks up an oversized pocket watch from the piano, a rabbit knick-knack that she had previously seen jumps across the room. She throws the watch at the knick-knack, causing her to fall back on her wooden chair and find herself transported to a fantasy world based on Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass.

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby."


Lemonade (Beyoncé album)

Lemonade is the sixth studio album by American singer Beyoncé. It was released on April 23, 2016, by Parkwood Entertainment. The album is Beyoncé's second "visual album", following her eponymous 2013 album. It is also a concept album.

"Lemonade" received generally positive reviews from music critics.

Credits adapted from Tidal.



YaCy

YaCy is a free-to-use search engine. At its core is a Java program that is run on several people's computers and constantly analyzes and indexes web pages to add to the search engine.


Handshaking

Handshaking is the connection between the computer and a device. Handshaking is required in order to allow both the computer and device to send protocols to each other. During a handshake, the two devices make sure that they know certain connection requirements of each other. For instance, they will need to find out a suitable bit rate and latency for each other. 

Examples of devices that use this method include a modem or another computer. Normally, handshaking happens between two devices. Although, a TCP three-way handshake is a special type of handshake that involves sending a connection from one computer to another, just done three times.

This method is used to connect two hosts on a computer network together, each host known as the client (the main host) and the server (a distant host), respectively. Once the client wants to make a connection to the server, the client can start a TCP three-way handshake with the server. This will allow the client computer (the main device) to send and receive messages to and from the server (a distant device) once the process is complete. Starting a normal TCP connection requires three separate steps:

In this setup, a synchronize message will request a server to make a connection with each other, while the acknowledgement messages return to the requesting server to let it know the message was received. Letting both hosts send synchronize messages to each other will allow the two hosts to connect with each other in both directions. Each acknowledgement message sent to each other ensures they are still connected with each other.

Corgémont

Corgémont is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is in the French-speaking part of the canton. Corgémont is in the Jura mountains.

Corgémont has a population of 1,650 as of 2014. There are 689 families living in Corgémont. Males make up 50.1% of the population. Females make up 49.9%. The average age is 41.6 years.


Tinikling

Tinikling is a traditional Philippine dance which originated during the Spanish colonial era. The dance involves two people beating, tapping, and sliding bamboo poles on the ground and against each other in coordination with one or more dancers who step over and in between the poles in a dance.The name "tinikling" is a reference to birds close known as "tikling" 

The dance is made/originated in Leyte, an island in the Visayas in the central Philippines. It follows the movement of the tikling birds as they walk between grass stems, run over tree branches, or dodge bamboo traps set by rice farmers. Dancers follow the tikling bird's legendary grace and speed by skillfully between large bamboo poles.

Legend has it that tinikling originated during the Spanish rule of the Philippines, when natives worked on large plantations under the control of the King of Spain.

Term limit

A term limit is a law that limits the number of terms an officeholder may serve in a particular elected office. When term limits are found in presidential systems, they act as a method to reduce the potential for monopoly. This is when a leader effectively becomes a "president for life". Term limits are intended to protect a democracy from becoming a de facto dictatorship. Sometimes, there is an absolute limit on the number of terms an officeholder can serve. In other cases, the restrictions are merely on the number of consecutive (one directly following the other) terms.

Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome, two early civilizations which had elected offices, both imposed limits on some positions. In the ancient Athenian democracy, only offices selected by sortition were subject to terms limits. They included one term of one year for each office, except members of the Council of Five Hundred, where the council was changed every year.

In the Roman Republic, a law was passed imposing a limit of a single term on the office of censor. The annual magistrates - tribune of the plebs, aedile, quaestor, praetor, and consul—were forbidden reelection until a number of years had passed. Also there was a term limit of 6 months for a dictator.

The United States Constitution and many state constitutions have term limits for certain offices. The Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution sets a term limit for the office of President of the United States. It states that "no person may be elected more than twice". It adds, "no person who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for more than two years of a term to which some other person was elected President shall be elected to the office of the President more than once." In addition, 23 states passed laws on term limits for their representatives in Congress. These laws are no longer enforceable, however. In 1995, the Supreme Court of the United States overturned congressional term limits in "U.S. Term Limits, Inc. v. Thornton". They ruled that state governments cannot limit the terms of members of the national government.

LGBT rights in Hawaii

Hawaii has a law that addresses hate crime protection for both actual and/or perceived sexual orientation and gender identity or expression.

According to statute:



Cormoret

Cormoret is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Cortébert

Cortébert is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Court, Switzerland

Court is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is in the French-speaking Bernese Jura ("Jura Bernois").

Constitution of Missouri

The Missouri Constitution is the state constitution of the state of Missouri in the United States. It is the highest law which forms the laws and government of Missouri. It is subject only to the United States Constitution, and the people of Missouri. The fourth and current Missouri Constitution was adopted in 1945. It provides for three branches of government. The legislative branch is the Missouri General Assembly). The executive branch is headed by the Governor of Missouri. The judicial branch is the Supreme Court of Missouri and the Missouri state courts. It also sets up local governments in the form of counties and cities.

The first constitution was written in 1820 in only 38 days. In 1845 the state outgrew its own constitutional limits on creating new counties. A second convention was called in Jefferson City and met from November 1845 until January 1846. But voters would not ratify the proposed constitution in August 1846. The Missouri Constitutional Convention was elected to decide on the issue of secession. But no changes were made to the constitution.

In 1865, delegates met in St. Louis from January 6 to April 8, 1865 to form a new constitution. It was called the 
“Draconian Constitution” and required an oath of loyalty to the Union. It was ratified on June 6, 1865. In 1867, the Supreme Court of the United States struck down the loyalty oath in "Cummings v. Missouri" (71 U.S. 277 (1867)).

Missouri citizens approved a new fourth constitutional convention in 1874. Delegates met in Jefferson City from May 5th to August 2nd, 1875. The changes to the Constitution were mainly about schools. It required 25% of the general revenue be used to support public schools. It also required separate schools for children of African descent. The constitution was ratified on October 30, 1875.

The fifth constitutional convention met in Jefferson City from May 15, 1922 to November 6, 1923. But instead of a new constitution the convention proposed 21 amendments. But the voters refused to approve all 21 amendments at the special election called for February 26, 1924. As a result, none of the amendments were ratified.

The fifth convention was called in Jefferson City on September 21, 1943. The new constitution was approved by the delegates on September 28, 1944 and ratified on February 27, 1945. It has been amended several times since then.


Tor putitora

Tor putitora, the Putitor mahseer, Himalayan mahseer or golden mahseer, is an endangered species of cyprinid fish that is found in rapid streams, riverine pools and lakes in the Himalayan region and south Asia, ranging from Iran south to Sri Lanka, and east to Thailand. It is a popular gamefish.

Creative writing

Creative writing is a type of writing that involves writing in an artistic way. Creative writing usually follows the rules of formal writing, except it may not follow the rules of formal writing to achieve effect in the writing. Within schools, creative writing typically has a focus on writing in an original style, using original ideas and writing.

2.Why is Article Writing Important? 

Music (Madonna song)

"Music" is a dance-pop and electropop ballad by singer Madonna. Its lyrics are about how music can bring people together.

"Music" was released in June 2000. It peaked at #1 on "Billboard" Hot 100. It also hit #1 in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and Italy. 

The song received many positive reviews from critics. It was nominated at the Grammy Awards for Record of the Year and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.

Manuel Belgrano

Manuel José Joaquín del Corazón de Jesús Belgrano (3 June 1770 – 20 June 1820) was an Argentine lawyer, general, politician, economist and journalist. He was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. His parents were Domenico Belgrano Peri, he was Italian; and María Josefa González Casero, she was born in Buenos Aires but her family was from Santiago del Estero. He had 8 brothers and 7 sisters. His children were called Pedro Rosas y Belgrano and Manuela Mónica Belgrano. He studied Laws in Salamanca and Valladolid. He also studied Latin, Philosophy and Theology. 
He was a member of the "Primera Junta" and he participated in May Revolution. He created the Flag of Argentina on 27 February,1812. He was a great defender of colonialism and freedom of expression. He fought in the wars of Independence against the Spanish Army. He met José de San Martín, who became Commander in Chief of the Army of the North in January, 1814.

Esch-sur-Alzette

Esch-sur-Alzette ( , or "Esch an der Alzig", ) is a commune with city status in south-western Luxembourg, capital of the canton Esch-sur-Alzette.

The town is usually referred to just as Esch, but there is also a village and "commune" further north, in the Wiltz canton, named Esch-sur-Sûre from which to distinguish it.

For a long time Esch-sur-Alzette was a small farming village in the valley of the Alzette river. This changed when important amounts of iron ore were found in the area in the 1850s. With the development of the mines and the steel industry the town's population multiplied tenfold in a couple of decades.

On 29 May 1906, Esch-sur-Alzette was promoted to city.

Esch-sur-Alzette is in the south-west of the country, on the border with France. It is the capital of the Red Lands region.

The "commune" is in the valley of the Alzette river, a right tributary of the Sauer river and which flows through the town, and has an area of . The altitude is high. At the city hall, the altitude is high.

Esch-sur-Alzette is surrounded by six "communes" of Luxembourg: Mondercange to the north, Schifflange to the northeast, Kayl to the east, Rumelange to the southeast and Sanem to the northwest. To the southwest, the "commune" borders the Audun-le-Tiche "commune" in the Moselle department of France; and to the west Russange also in the Moselle department.

There were 34,378 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in Esch-sur-Alzette

Esch-sur-Alzette is twinned withː



Diana Mitford

Diana, Lady Mosley ("née" Freeman-Mitford; 17 June 191011 August 2003), usually known as Diana Mitford was one of the noted Mitford sisters. 

She was married first to Bryan Walter Guinness, son and heir to the Baron Moyne. Secondly, she married Sir Oswald Mosley, leader of the British Union of Fascists. She was divorced from her first marriage on the grounds of adultery with Mosely. Her second marriage, in 1936, took place at the home of Joseph Goebbels, with Adolf Hitler as guest of honour. Later her involvement with fascist political causes resulted in three years' internment during the Second World War.

She later moved to Paris and enjoyed some success as a writer. In the 1950s she contributed stories to "Tatler" magazine. She edited the magazine "The European". In 1977 she published her autobiography, "A Life of Contrasts". She died in Paris on 11 August 2003.

Her son Max Mosley became president of the "Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile" (FIA),

Sebastiano Castagna

Sebastiano Castagna was an Italian engineer. He was born in 1868 in Aidone, Sicily. He was murdered in Ethiopia during a peace mission in 1938.

Castagna designed St George's Cathedral, an Ethiopian Orthodox cathedral in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. It is known for its octagonal shape. It is in the northern part of the city. He built it with the work of Italian prisoners of war who were defeated at the Battle of Adwa in 1896. It is named for Saint George.

Quorum

A quorum is the minimum number of members of an organization who must be present in order for their meeting to be legal or official. The word is often used in legislative assemblies, corporations and societies who make official decisions. The by-laws of an organization will usually say how many members make up a quorum. 

In the case of legislatures and government bodies, the requirements for a quorum are often set by statute or in their constitution. Some bodies use a fixed number for a quorum while others use a percentage of the members. It is usually the responsibility of the chairperson to make sure there is a quorum present. If there is not a quorum at a meeting, then in most cases the only business that can be discussed is taking steps to obtain a quorum, to decide on a time when to adjourn the meeting and to adjourn the meeting. 

The noun quorum is the plural of the Latin word "qui", meaning "of whom."

A similar term, "quorum-busting", is a tactic used by members of a group when they know they will lose a vote. If enough members do not show up for a meeting, a vote cannot take place if there is no quorum. It is a delaying tactic similar to a filibuster. Both are used in the hopes that if a vote is delayed long enough, it may not take place at all.

Neosho, Missouri

Neosho (; originally is the most populous city in Newton County, Missouri, United States, which it serves as the county seat. With a population of 11,835 as of the 2010 census, the city is part of the Joplin, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area, a region with an estimated 176,849 (2011) residents. Neosho lies on the western edge of the Ozarks. The cost of living in Neosho is low at about 9.9% less than the Missouri average and 17.9% less than the national average.

The name "Neosho" is generally accepted to be of Native American origin. It may be Osage language and means "clear, cold water", referring to local freshwater springs. The springs attracted several cultures of Native American inhabitants for thousands of years. It was also attracted the later white settlers. The city was founded in 1833. It was incorporated. Nicknamed "City of Springs", Neosho has long served as an agricultural center. Since 1888, it is the home of the Neosho National Fish Hatchery, the oldest in the National Fish Hatchery System. It is known locally as the "Gateway to the Ozarks".

Blenio

Blenio is a municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

It was created on 22 October 2006 when the former municipalities of Aquila, Campo (Blenio), Ghirone, Olivone and Torre merged to form the new municipality of Blenio.


Dan Bus Garage in Tel Aviv

Dan Bus Garage in Tel Aviv was a garage building designed by the Bauhaus in 1933-1934. It was in Arlozorov Street in Tel Aviv. The garage was one of the first garages in the land of Israel. It was located on the White City of Tel Aviv. The garage was destroyed in 2008. In the center of the garage was a water tower that was also destroyed.

Tel Aviv Dolphinarium

The Tel Aviv Dolphinarium was a sea mammals aquarium and visitors' attraction in Tel Aviv, Israel, next to the beach. The Dolphinarium opened on 21 June 1980. It was closed in 1985. 

In 2001, 21 people were killed next to the Dolphinarium in a terror attack. In the following years, the building was abandoned. Its demolition began on 16 May 2018. 

Tel Aviv Cinerama

Tel Aviv Cinerama was a cinema and theatre building in Tel Aviv, Israel. The building was opened in 1966. It was the only Cinerama building in Israel until 1986. It became a theatre and television studio. In 2016, the cinerama was closed and destroyed.

Tel Aviv Drive-in

The Tel Aviv Drive-in was a restaurant and movie theater in Tel Aviv, Israel. The cinema was opened on 11 March 1973. It closed in 2000. The cinema was the only drive-in in Israel. 

Mersch

Mersch () is a commune and town in central Luxembourg, capital of the canton of Mersch.

Mersch is in the centre of the country, at the confluence of the Alzette, Mamer and Eisch rivers.

The "commune" has an area of . The altitude is high. The altitude at the railway station is high.

Mersch is surrounded by ten "communes" of Luxembourg; nine of them are part of the Mersch canton. Only the Kehlen "commune" is not part of the Mersch canton; it is part of the Capellen canton.

There were 9,195 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Other towns within the "communes" are Beringen, Berschbach, Moesdorf, Pettingen, Reckange, Rollingen and Schoenfels.
Evolution of the population in Mersch

The Mersch castle is one of the castles that are in the "Valley of the Seven Castles". It is in the centre of the town and its history goes back to the 13th century. Today the castle houses the administrative offices of the commune.

Some north of Mersch is the Pettingen Castle, in the village of Pettingen; it is one of the best preserved fortified castles in the country.



Redange

Redange or Redange-sur-Attert (, German: "Redingen") is a commune and town in western Luxembourg, near the border with Belgium. It is the capital of the canton of Redange.

Redange is in the valley on the Attert river, a tributary of the Alzette. It is on the border of the two natural regions of Luxembourgː the Oesling to the north and the Gutland.

The area of the "commune" is . The altitude is high. The altitude at the church is high.

Redange is surrounded by five "communes" of Luxembourg, all of them part of the Redange cantonː Rambrouch, Préizerdaul, Useldange, Beckerich and Ell.

There were 2,795 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Other towns within the "commune" are Lannen, Nagem, Niederpallen, Ospern and Reichlange.
Evolution of the population in Redange



Wiskott–Aldrich syndrome

Wiksott-Aldrich syndrome is an inherited immune disease that happens in males. It causes eczema (a type of skin inflammation), a smaller number of platelets (blood cells that help prevent bleeding), and frequent bacterial infections. People with Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome have a higher risk of developing leukemia and lymphoma.

Aliya Market

Aliya Market was the first wholesale market building in Israel. It was located in southern Tel Aviv, in the White City of Tel Aviv. The building was designed by the Bauhaus in 1938 in Aliya Street and was one of the first markets in Tel Aviv. The market had two buildings: a western building and an eastern building. The western building was renovated while the eastern building was destroyed. In 1952, wholesale moved to the Central Wholesale Market

Wholesale market in Tel Aviv

The Wholesale market in Tel Aviv was a wholesale market that opened in 1952. It was the central wholesale market of Israel after the market moved from the Aliya Market in the south of the city to the city center. It closed in 2006, and was demolished in 2010.

Courtelary

Courtelary is the capital of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Crémines

Crémines is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Därligen

Därligen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Därstetten

Därstetten is a municipality of the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Deisswil bei Münchenbuchsee

Deisswil bei Münchenbuchsee is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Shunga Empire

Sunga Empire was founded by Pushyamitra Sunga who betrayed his master Brihadratha Maurya and defeated him in a war. He killed the Mauryan emperor and destroyed the Mauryan empire completely. Its capital was Pataliputra. Pushyamitra Shunga ruled for 36 years and was succeeded by his son Agnimitra. There were ten Shunga rulers. But after Agnimitra's death, the empire begun to broke up. 

The dynasty is noted for its numerous wars with both foreign and native powers (empires).They fought against the Kalinga, the Satavahana dynasty, the Indo-Greek Kingdom and possibly the Panchalas and Mathuras.

Art, education, philosophy, and other forms of learning flourished (developed) during this period.Patanjali's "Mahābhāṣya" was composed in this period.The Kanva dynasty succeeded the Shungas around 73 BCE.

Korkai

Korkai is a small town in Thoothukudi district. In ancient times this was the capital of the Pandya dynasty. The Thamirabarani River flows through it. The town was famous for fisheries. Ptolemy refers Korkai as Kolkhai and it is an emporium. The Periplus refers the town as the place of pearl fisheries.

Porsche 918

The Porsche 918 Spyder is a mid-engined plug-in hybrid sports car. It made by Porsche. The Spyder is powered by a naturally-aspirated 4.6 litre V8 engine, developing . With two electric motors delivering an additional it has a combined output of . The 918 Spyder's 6.8 kWh lithium-ion battery pack delivers an all-electric range of under EPA's five-cycle tests. The car has a top speed of around .

Issue (legal)

In legal use, an "issue" means a point disputed by parties to a lawsuit. Legal issue may also refer to either a person's lineal descendants or a group of securities offered for sale. An issue of law is a question of how a law is applied rather than a question of fact.

evidence as well as civil and criminal procedure, there are "issues" of fact. Issues of fact are presented by statements of fact which are each put to a test: Is the statement true or false?

Often, different parties have conflicting statements of fact. These statements are then presented as alternative questions. The justifications are presented by proposing evidence in favor or in opposition. Formally the issues follow the form of "this statement is true and it is true because... (or it is false because) ... ".

The list of issues is the list of the questions the parties request the court to answer. The court's answers usually must be provided before a legally acceptable date and the court should give reason when it decides not to answer any of them. Plaintiffs as well as defendants sometimes do not present their issues according to these due process premises. It is then the court that must decide the probable statements of fact and assume what is in need of legal answers.

Supreme Court of Missouri

The Supreme Court of Missouri, is the state supreme court and the highest court in the state of Missouri. It was established in 1820 and is located in Jefferson City, Missouri. Missouri voters have approved changes in the state's constitution to give the Supreme Court the sole legal power to hear five types of cases on appeal. Per Article V, Section 3 of the Constitution of Missouri, these cases involve:


Unless their case involves one of those five issues, people who want a trial court's decision reviewed must appeal to the Missouri Court of Appeals. Most of these cases involve routine legal questions and end there. The Court of Appeals is divided geographically into the "Eastern District", "Western District" and "Southern District".

Certain cases may be transferred to the Supreme Court at the Court's own discretion. These include cases of general interest or importance. They look at cases where the laws should be re-examined. They also review cases that the lower court's decision conflicts with an earlier appellate decision. This is similar to the process the United States Supreme Court uses in accepting cases. In addition, the Court of Appeals may transfer a case to the Supreme Court after an opinion is issued. This can be either upon request of one of the parties or at the request of one of the judges on the appellate court.

In 1820, when it was first established, there were three judges on the Supreme Court. In 1872 the number was increased to five judges. In 1890, the court was increased again to its present size of seven judges.

In 1890, the court was divided into two divisions. This allowed it to handle more cases and make quicker decisions. In 1976, the two divisions were eliminated by a constitutional amendment. The court now rules on cases "En banc" (all judges together) so decisions are made by the entire court.

Judges of the court are selected through the nonpartisan plan, nationally known as the Missouri Plan. Under the plan, the Appellate Judicial Commission submits the names of three nominees to the Governor. If the Governor fails to make an appointment with 60 days of the nominees being named, the Commission shall make the appointment. Once the judge has served for at least a year, he or she is placed on the general election ballot for vote of the people to keep their seat. If retained, judges serve a term of 12 years. The constitution requires that all judges retire by age 70.

Brihadratha Maurya

Brihadratha Maurya was the last ruler of the Maurya Empire. He was the ruler from 187 BC-180 BC. He was killed by his general Pushyamitra Sunga in 180 BC.

During his rule, the Mauryan Empire got smaller. Using this, his general Pushyamitra Sunga defeated Brihadratha with a huge army. Brihadratha Maurya died in the war. After his death, Pushyamitra Sunga founded the Sunga dynasty controlling the Mauryan territories.

Pushyamitra Sunga

Pushyamitra Sunga was the co-founder and ruler of the Sunga dynasty in 180 BC. Before that, he was the general of Mauryan emperor Brihadratha Maurya. He has survived by his wife Devamala and daughter Agnimitra. He ruled until his death in 149 BCE.

Luxurious

"Luxurious" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her debut solo studio album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). Written by Stefani and Tony Kanal, "Luxurious" contains a sample of The Isley Brothers' 1983 song "Between the Sheets". The remix features rapper Slim Thug.




Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby."


Jocelyn Lovell

Jocelyn Bjorn Lovell (19 July 1950 – 3 June 2016) was a Canadian cyclist. He was known in the track and road cycling field. He was active in the 1970s and early 1980s. He won many of national titles as well as gold medals at the Commonwealth Games and Pan American Games. He competed at three Olympic Games.

His greatest success came at the 1978 Commonwealth Games in Edmonton where he won three gold medals in Games record times. Later that year he won a silver medal at the world championships.

He continued to race as an amateur into the early 1980s. However, on 4 August 1983 when he was involved in a collision with a dump truck while training. The truck hit him from behind and broke his neck and pelvis. He permanently became a quadriplegic. In 1985, he was inducted into the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame.


Dave Swarbrick

David Cyril Eric Swarbrick (5 April 1941 – 3 June 2016) was an English folk musician and singer-songwriter. He was one of the most highly known musicians produced by the second British folk revival.

His work for the group Fairport Convention from 1969 along with their album album "Liege & Lief" (1969) was thought to create the electric folk movement.

Swarbrick died on 3 June 2016 from emphysema, aged 75.


Sten Lundin

Sten Lundin (20 November 1931 – 3 June 2016) was a Swedish professional motocross racer.<ref name="1960 Monark/Lito"></ref> He won the F.I.M. 500cc Motocross World Championship in 1959 riding a Monark. In the 1960 world championship, he finished in second place, two points behind Bill Nilsson. Lundin was also a member of the victorious Swedish team at the 1955 Motocross des Nations.


Vitaliy Masol

Vitaliy Andriiovych Masol (; November 14, 1928 – September 21, 2018) was a Ukrainian politician. He was Prime Minister of Ukraine from 1994 to 1995. He was confirmed as Prime Minister on June 16, 1994 and resigned from that post on March 1, 1995.

Masol died on September 21, 2018 in Kyiv, aged 89.

Radical Republicans

The Radical Republicans were a political faction of American politicians within the Republican Party. They existed from 1854 until the end of Reconstruction in 1877. They called themselves "radicals.". They were opposed during the war by the Moderate Republicans (led by Abraham Lincoln). One of the fears of the radicals was that if Northern and Southern Democrats came back together again as they had before the Civil War the Republican party would no longer be the dominant political party.

In 1854, the Republican Party was formed as a result of the Kansas–Nebraska Act. The act split the Whig Party in two. The Northern Whigs united with the members of the Free Soil Party. Together with the Know-Nothing Party they formed the Republican Party. 
Between its formation in 1854 and 1861, the Republican Party had many different factions or groups. It attracted Whigs, Anti-Slavery Democrats, Know-Nothings, and Abolitionists, but by the start of the Civil War it had been reduced to just three factions: conservatives, moderates and radicals.

The Republicans generally opposed slavery. At first, many opposed giving African Americans equal rights when and if slavery ended. Radical Republicans believed they should be given equal rights and have the same opportunities as white people. They also wanted the leaders of the Confederate States of America to be punished for any part they played in the Civil War. Many radical Republicans believed blacks were entitled to the same political rights and opportunities as whites. They also believed that the Confederate leaders should be punished for their roles in the Civil War.

Bob Uecker

Robert George "Bob" Uecker ( ; born January 26, 1934) is a retired American Major League Baseball player, later a sportscaster, comedian and actor. Uecker is also known as ""Mr. Baseball"". Since 1971, Uecker has served as a play-by-play announcer for Milwaukee Brewers radio broadcasts. 

Uecker is a member of the National Baseball Hall of Fame as a 2003 recipient of the Ford C. Frick Award for his broadcasting career.


Capellen

Capellen (, ) is a town in the commune of Mamer, in south-western Luxembourg, west of Luxembourg City.

Despite not having a "commune" named after it, Capellen gives its name to the canton of Capellen.

Capellen lies on the old Roman road, today's "Kiemwee", from Trier in Germany to Reims and Paris.

When Luxembourg was divided into cantons in 1840, as a result of disputes between Mamer and Koerich, it was decided that the canton should be named Capellen and that Capellen should become the capital of the canton.

Capellen has an area of . The altitude at the church is high.

There were 1,677, persons living in the "commune" in 2015, for a population density of inhabitants/km².



Charles Sturt University

Charles Sturt University is a large Australian university. It has campuses around the world. The university has campuses at Bathurst, Canberra, Albury-Wodonga, Dubbo, Goulburn, Orange, Port Macquarie, Wagga Wagga and Burlington, Ontario (Canada).

Red Fort

The Red Fort (Lal Qila) is a monument built in 1648 that rises above Old Delhi. It was built by the Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan. The fort is located in the centre of Delhi, India. It is made of red stone and marble. It was built on the right bank of the Yamuna River. 

The Red Fort was originally referred to as "Qila-i-Mubarak" (the blessed fort), because it was the residence of the royal family. The layout of the Red Fort was organised to keep and integrate this site with the Salimgarh Fort. The planning and aesthetics of the Red Fort represent the high point in Mughal creativity which happened during the reign of Emperor Shah Jahan. This Fort has had many additions after its construction by Emperor Shah Jahan. It is a World Heritage Site. it is made out of red sandstone.

The Red Fort was built as the palace for of shahjahanbad it was the fifth capital of Mughal emperor of India shahjan redfort is Indias most important place
Karaikal Port

Karaikal Port Private Limited is a private port in Karaikal, Puducherry, India. It was made by the Chennai-based company MARG limited. The project began in 2005. It was first used in April 2009.

So far, the port has handled cargoes such as coal, petroleum coke, raw sugar, fertilizer, cement, project cargo and construction materials. Containers and liquid cargo are soon to follow. When it is finished, the port will be able to handle all types of cargo. Karaikal Port is also a hub for oil exploration activities. Companies such as Hindustan Oil Exploration Company (HOEC) and Reliance Petroleum regularly call at the port.

Karaikal Port is a deep draft, all weather port. The current depth of allows for handling of Gearless Panamax size ships (up to 80000 MT).

Naturally aspirated engine

A naturally aspirated engine is an internal combustion engine in which air intake depends solely on atmospheric pressure and which does not rely on air forced through a turbocharger or a supercharger. Many sports cars use naturally aspirated engines due to their lack of a turbo lag. The main advantage of a naturally aspirated engine is they are usually more reliable than turbocharged or supercharged engines. Most automobile gasoline engines, as well as many small engines used for non-automotive purposes, are naturally aspirated. Most modern diesel engines powering highway vehicles are turbocharged to produce a better power-to-weight ratio. They also have better fuel efficiency and lower exhaust emissions.

Umerkot

Umerkot is a town in Umerkot district of Sindh Province in Pakistan. The town is famous because the great Mughal emperor Akbar the Great born here in 14 October 1542 when Emperor Humayun fled to escape from Sher Shah Suri. The excellent artistic tourist spot of Umerkot Fort where Emperor Akbar born is here. The town is well connected with Karachi and Hyderabad.

Mid-engine design

A mid-engine layout describes the location of an automobile engine between the front and rear axles. A physics term, moment of inertia, shows how hard it is to turn a moving object. In a front engine front-wheel drive car, the drive wheels also have to steer the car, causing torque steer (pull to one side during Acceleration). Front-wheel drive can cause the vehicle to oversteer (turn more sharply than the driver expects) in a corner. A front engine rear-wheel drive can have good weight distribution (balance front to rear), but has a higher moment of inertia than mid engine layout. The mid-engine layout has none of these disadvantages. It has better weight distribution and a lower moment of inertia. Its main disadvantage is that the engine, mounted in the middle, leaves much less room for passengers and cargo. However, in racing there is usually only a driver so passengers and cargo are not an issue. 

Shivaji

Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj was the founder of the Maratha Empire. He was born in the Shivneri Fort in Maharashtra probably on 19 February 1630. He is named after a local goddess, Shivai Devi. 

Chh.Shivaji Maharaj is one of the revered historical figures of Maharashtra. He created an independent and sovereign state in the Maharashtra region. His mother, Raajmaata Jijabai was the daughter of Shri.Lakhuji Jadhavrao of Sindkhed. His father Shri.Shahajiraje Bhosale was a Maratha general in the Deccan. 

Most of the territory in Maharashtra was then under the possession of the Nizamshah of Ahmednagar and the Adilshah of Bijapur who were known as the Deccan sultanates. The Mughals launched a campaign to conquer the Nizamshahi Kingdom. The Adilshah of Bijapur allied with the Mughals in this campaign. Shri. Shahajiraje Bhosale tried to rebel, but he could not withstand the combined might of the Mughals and the Adilshahi. The Nizamshahi kingdom came to an end in 1636. Thereafter Shri.Shahajiraje became a Sardar of the Adilshah of Bijapur and was posted in Karnataka. The region comprising Pune, Supe, Indapur, and Chakan Parganas located between the Bhima and Nira rivers which were vested in Shri. Shahdara as a jagir was continued by the Adilshah. Shri. Shahdara was also given a jagir of Bangalore. Rajmata Jijabai and Chh. Shivaji Maharaj, stayed for a few years with Shri.Shahajiraje at Bangalore until Chh. Shivaji Maharaj was twelve years old. Shri. Shahaji entrusted the administration of the Lakshmi jagir to Chh.Shivaji and Mata Jijabai. Chh. Shivaji grew up amidst the hills and valleys of the Pune region under the guidance of his mother Raajmata Jijabai. His mother taught him the stories of the Hindu epics and scriptures such as Mahabharata and also stories of old mighty Hindu kingdoms such as the Vijayanagara. He was also trained in guerrilla warfare. He defeated the Mughal forces of Rai Bagan.

Several small spurs run eastward from the sahyadri in the Pune region. The extremely rugged valleys enclosed by these are usually known as the Mavals or Khores each named after the stream running through it, or after the principal village. Collectively they are known as the Mavals. The inhabitants of this region who are called the Mavalas were extremely hardy people. Shivaji Maharaj started the work of founding the Swaraj - self-rule - in this region. He used the geographical features of the Maval region. He created a feeling of trust and affection in minds of the people. Many associates, companions, and Mavalas joined him in his work of founding Swaraj. The objective of Shivaji Maharaj in founding the Swaraj is clearly expressed in his official seal or Mudra which is in Sanskrit. Through this Mudra, Shivaji Maharaj assured his people that ‘ever-increasing like the crescent moon, the kingdom of Shivaji, son of Shahaji, will always seek the welfare of the people.

In the medieval period, forts carried much significance. With a firm hold over a fort, one could defend as well as control the surrounding area and could rule the land. In case of an enemy’s invasion, it was possible to protect the people taking shelter in the fort. The forts situated within the jagir of Shivaji Maharaj were not under his control but were under the control of Adilshah. An attempt to capture the forts meant to challenge the Adilshahi power. Shivaji Maharaj decided to acquire the forts that were within his jagir. He captured the forts of Murumbdev (Rajgad), Torna, Kondhana, and Purandar. This laid the foundation of the Swaraj. Shivaji Maharaj was steadily but cautiously aiming at extending and consolidating his power. Those sardars who appreciated his aim were brought to his side, but some sardars in the Adilshahi opposed him. It was necessary to bring them under control to found the Swaraj.
The region of Javali in the Satara district was important. Many routes to the Konkan were through Javali. For the expansion of the Swaraj in the Konkan, it was essential to control that region. The region of Javali was ruled by Chandrarao More, a powerful Sardar in the Adilshahi. Shivaji Maharaj attacked Javali and captured it in A.D. 1656. Then he also captured Rairi. This strong fort, later under the name of Raigad, was to become his capital. He built the Pratapgad fort in the Javali valley to protect the newly conquered territory and to control the Paar pass. The victory at Javali led to the expansion of the Swaraj in Konkan. Shivaji Maharaj then crossed the Ghats and descended into Konkan. He captured Kalyan and Bhivandi on the Konkan coast which were under the control of Adilshahi. Shivaji Maharaj also captured forts like Mahuli, Lohagad, Tunga, Tikona, Visapur, Songad, Karnala, Tala and Ghosala, in the Konkan. Shivaji Maharaj was able to command the coast line because of his acquisition of this territory in the Konkan. He came in contact with the Portuguese, the British and the Siddi powers on the western coast. The Siddi controlled the fort of Janjira and the areas around, including Danda-Rajpuri. Wherever in future these powers created obstacles in the work of expanding the Swaraj, Shivaji Maharaj tried to curb their activities.

When Shivaji Maharaj became master of a long coastal strip, he thought it necessary to undertake the construction of a Navy. To protect his own territory from the Siddi, and to protect the merchant ships and ports in order to secure revenue from maritime trade and customs duty, he concentrated on building the Navy. There were four hundred ships of various kinds in the Navy. They included battleships like Gurab, Galbat and Pal.

Shivaji Maharaj had openly challenged the Adilshahi by capturing forts in his jagir and the territory in north Konkan. At that time the Badi Sahiba was looking after the administration of Adilshahi. She sent Afzal Khan, a powerful and experienced Adilshahi General to stop Shivaji Maharaj. Afzal Khan set out from Bijapur in May 1659. Afzal Khan made efforts to seek the support of the Deshmukh's. A meeting between Shivaji Maharaj and Afzal Khan took place on 10th November 1659 at the foot of Pratapgad. When Afzal Khan went to greet Shivaji Maharaj stabbed him in the back with his dagger however Shivaji Maharaj had come prepared and he was wearing body armour so the dagger failed to pierce his skin. Shivaji Maharaj ripped at Afzal Khan's stomach with his weapon which is known as tiger-claws ("wagh-nakh") and killed Afzal Khan. The Marathas destroyed Afzal Khan’s army in the dense forests of Javali. Shivaji Maharaj secured a large booty from Afzal Khan's camp which enabled him to consolidate and strengthen his position.

Shivaji Maharaj intended to capture as much of Adilshahi province and forts as possible. He captured the Adilshah forts of Panhala, Vasantgad, and Khelna. He renamed Khelna as Vishalgad. In 1660, to check the rapid progress of Shivaji Maharaj, the Adilshah sent Siddi Jauhar, the Sardar of Karnul region, with a large army against him. The Adilshah gave Siddi the title of ‘Salabatkhan’. Shivaji Maharaj took shelter in the Panhala fort. Siddi’s soldiers laid siege to the fort for about five months. Shivaji Maharaj was trapped inside the fort. Netaji Palkar made attempts to raise the siege by attacking Siddi’s army from outside. But Siddi showed no signs of relenting. Shivaji Maharaj opened overtures with him. This led to slackness in the siege around Panhalgad. Shivaji Maharaj escaped and went to Vishalgad. Siddi Jauhar’s army followed him. Shivaji Maharaj put Baji Prabhu Deshpande at the foot of Vishalgad and gave him the responsibility of stopping the Siddi’s army. Baji Prabhu Deshpande checked Siddi’s army at the Ghod pass near Gajapur. Baji Prabhu died a hero’s death in this battle. While going to Vishalgad, Shivaji Maharaj also crushed the opposition of the Adilshahi sardars- Dalvi of Palawan and Surve of Shringarpur. Maharaj reached Vishalgad safely. While Shivaji Maharaj was trapped at Panhala, the Mughal army had invaded the Swaraj. Shivaji Maharaj realized that it would not be prudent to fight two enemies at the same time. Therefore Shivaji Maharaj entered into a treaty with the Adilshah. As per the treaty, he returned the fort of Panhala to the Adilshah.

For the expansion of the Swaraj, conflict with the Mughals was inevitable. Emperor Aurangzeb appointed his uncle Shaista khan to the viceroyalty of the Deccan, ordering him to invade Shivaji Maharaj’s dominions. Shaista khan left Ahmednagar in February 1660 and arrived in Pune on 10th May 1660. He decided to capture the fort of Chakan to obtain supplies. The Mughals captured the fort of Chakan. Shaista khan captured Swaraj's territories -Pune, Supe. He set up his camp at Lal Mahal in Pune. The Mughal army began to ravage the regions around Pune. Shaista khan adopted the strategy to occupy as much of Shivaji Maharaj’s dominions as possible. Forces were dispatched to invade the Konkan region below the Ghats. Kalyan and Bhiwandi were captured by the Mughal army. Shaista Khan appointed Kartalabkhan on an expedition to the North Konkan. Shivaji Maharaj humbled the Khan in Umbarkhind. Shivaji Maharaj left Netaji Palkar to defend the North Konkan and he marched southwards and captured Dabhol, Chiplun, Sangameshwar, Rajapur, Palavani, and Shringarpur. Two years had passed but Shaista khan still would not think of leaving Pune. Naturally, this harmed the population. Intending to drive Shaista khan out of Pune, Shivaji Maharaj devised a bold plan. On 5th April 1663, Shivaji Maharaj raided Lal Mahal. In this raid, Shaista khan lost his fingers. He left Pune and shifted his camp to Aurangabad. The successful attack on Shaista khan resulted in an immense increase in Shivaji Maharaj's prestige and fame. It also had an impact on the people and their faith in the capabilities of Maharaj was strengthened even further.

In three years, Shaista Khan had ravaged the territories of the Swaraj. It was necessary to make up for this loss. Surat was the most prosperous port of the Mughal Empire on the west coast. The British, the Dutch and the French had their factories there. Shivaji Maharaj devised a plan of attack on Surat. The Subhedar of Surat could not put up any resistance to the Marathas. Shivaji Maharaj obtained enormous wealth from Surat. Surat's campaign was a stunning blow to emperor Aurangzeb’s prestige.

Soon after his return from Surat, Shivaji Maharaj embarked upon a vigorous naval program. Shivaji Maharaj had realized the importance of sea forts. Sea forts would protect the navy and keep in check the Siddi of Janjira and the Portuguese. He built Suvarnadurg. In 1664 he commenced the construction of Sindhudurg at Malvan. About the same time, he strengthened a fort named Vijaydurg. He also built a fort named Padmadurg on a small island in front of Rajpuri to counter the Siddi power.

Intending to crush the growing power of Shivaji Maharaj, Aurangzeb sent Jaisingh of Ambar, an experienced and powerful Mughal Sardar. He left Delhi on 30th September 1664 and reached Pune on 3rd March 1665. Jaisingh's strategy was to isolate Shivaji Maharaj from his neighboring powers so that he would get neither help nor support from them, to prevent him from breaking out into the Mughal territory, to devastate his homeland, and capture his forts. He was trying to provoke the Adilshahi against Shivaji Maharaj. Jaisingh was simultaneously instigating local rulers in the Karnataka against the Adilshah so that they would be unable to help Shivaji Maharaj. To the Portuguese of Goa and Vasai, the Dutch of Vengurla, the British of Surat, and the Siddis of Janjira, Jaisingh suggested that they should start a naval campaign against Shivaji Maharaj. He also drew up a plan of capturing the forts in possession of Maharaj. Jaisingh and Dilerkhan led siege to the fort of Purandar. Mughal forces were sent to various parts of Swaraj. Maharaj tried to resist the Mughals. When the Mughals put the fort of Purandar under siege, Murarbaji Deshpande fought with the greatest of courage. He died a hero’s death. Realizing that in this conflict with the Mughals, he and his subjects had to face great losses, Maharaj began talks for a treaty with Jaisingh. A treaty between Jaisingh and Maharaj was signed in June 1665 which is known as the ‘Treaty of Purandar’. Under the terms of the treaty, Maharaj ceded twenty-three forts and adjacent areas yielding a revenue of four lakh hons to the Mughals. He also assured the Mughals of help against the Adilshahi.

Jaisingh’s campaign against the Adilshahi proved unsuccessful. Jaisingh and Aurangzeb felt that if the Adilshah, the Qutubshah, and Shivaji Maharaj joined forces against the Mughals, it would be a great setback to the Mughal policies in the Deccan. Both of them felt that Shivaji Maharaj ought to be kept away at least for some time from Deccan politics. Jaisingh proposed to Shivaji Maharaj that he should visit Agra and meet the Emperor. After making thorough arrangements to ensure effective administration of his dominions during his absence, Shivaji Maharaj went to Agra with his son Sambhaji and a few of his trusted people. He set out for Agra on 5th March 1666 and reached on 11th May 1666. Aurangzeb did not treat Shivaji Maharaj with due honor at his court. Livid with rage, Maharaj walked out of the court instantly. Aurangzeb then put him under house arrest. Shivaji Maharaj escaped from Agra and safely reached Rajgad on 20th November 1666. While returning from Agra, he left Sambhaji at Mathura. Later, Sambhaji was brought safely to Rajgad.

For about four years after his return from Agra, Shivaji Maharaj concentrated his attention on putting the affairs of Swaraj in order. He re-organized the army and carried repairs to forts. In 1670, Shivaji Maharaj started an offensive policy against the Mughals. His first aim was to clear his homeland of the Mughals. He also aimed at recapturing the forts and territories ceded to the Mughals according to the treaty of Purandar. The strategy followed by Shivaji Maharaj was to capture the forts by sending a well-equipped army on one hand and on the other hand to keep the Mughals unstable by invading the Mughal territories of the Deccan. Maharaj attacked Ahmednagar and Junnar. Sinhgad was the first fort to be recaptured on 4th February 1670. Shivaji Maharaj also recaptured Purandar, Lohgad, Mahuli, Karnala and Rohida. Then he attacked Surat for the second time. On the way back he fought a battle with the Mughals at Vani-Dindori in Nashik district. He defeated Daud Khan in the battle. The Marathas under the leadership of Moropant Pingle captured Trimbakgad. The Maratha army then invaded Baglan, a hilly district that was guarded by nine hill forts. The Maratha army not only captured smaller hill forts of Baglan but also captured Mulher fort and Salher which lay on the border of Khandesh and Gujarat. Salher became a base of operations against the rich provinces of Gujarat and Khandesh. The Mughals tried to recapture Salher but failed. In 1672, Shivaji Maharaj’s army conquered the principality of Jawhar and then Ramnagar.

Shivaji Maharaj decided to expand his dominions at the expense of the Adilshahi Sultanate. He captured the Panhala fort which was in the possession of Adilshah on 8th March 1673. Then he captured the fort of Parali near Satara, fort of Satara, and forts like Chandan-vandan, Pandavgad Nandagiri, Kelanja, and Tathavda.

The founding of the Maratha Swaraj involved a` relentless struggle for over thirty years. Maharaj realized that now the Swaraj needed to win general recognition as a sovereign, independent state. For legal recognition a formal coronation was necessary. On 6th June 1674, Shivaji Maharaj was crowned at Raigad by Gagabhatt, a learned pandit of Benaras. He now became the Chhatrapati of the Swaraj. As a symbol of sovereignty, Shivaji Maharaj started a new era commencing from the date of his coronation. It is known as Rajyabhisheka shaka. Shivaji Maharaj thus became the founder of a new era. On the occasion of the coronation, special coins were minted- a gold coin called hon and a copper coin called Shivraj with the legend Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati inscribed on them. Thereafter, all royal correspondence carried the words, 'Kshatriyakulaawatansa Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati'.

A dictionary called Rajya-vyavahara-kosha, showing Sanskrit alternatives for Persian words was prepared. Sabhasad, a contemporary chronicler, pointing out the significance of the coronation, writes ‘It was no mean achievement for a Maratha king to become such a great Chhatrapati’. The coronation of Shivaji Maharaj was a revolutionary event in the history of medieval India. Shivaji Maharaj had his second coronation performed under the guidance of Nischalpuri Gosavi.

After the coronation, Shivaji Maharaj marched to the conquest of Phonda near Goa and captured it in April 1675. Then the Marathas captured Ankola and Shiveshwar which was followed by the annexation of Kolhapur. After that Shivaji Maharaj accomplished 'Dakshin Digvijay'. Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj planned to carry his army to the east coast in the South and conquer the province of Adilshahi Karnataka. He undertook the Karnataka expedition in 1677. Karnataka was famous for its riches. It was ill-defended by the Adilshah. Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj went to Golkonda to meet the Qutubshah. He entered into a treaty of friendship with him. In April 1677 he set out for the Adilshahi Karnataka. He captured Jinjee and proceeded to Vellore. The city withstood a long siege. The eastern portion of the south was mostly held by nobles of the Adil shahi kingdom. Vyankoji, Shivaji Maharaj’s stepbrother had carved out a principality for himself at Thanjavur. At Tirumalvadi, on the northern bank of the Coleroon, Vyankoji met Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj. Shivaji Maharaj tried to get Vyankoji to participate in the activities of the Swaraj. He did not get any response from him. Later, Maharaj conquered Bangalore, Hoskote in Karnataka, other forts such as those at Vellore, and also some parts of the Adil shahi kingdom. Permanent annexation in the south increased Maharaj’s strength and most importantly he was successful in executing his plan of defense which would help him to resist the armies of Aurangzeb in the future. For the administration of the newly conquered province, Shivaji Maharaj made excellent arrangements. He appointed Raghunath Narayan Hanamante, the chief officer to look after these newly conquered territories. After accomplishing the mission of the south, Shivaji Maharaj returned to Swaraj.

Shivaji Maharaj decided to fortify the island of Khanderi, commanded a key position as it was located near Mumbai. The British then decided to lay a regular siege to the island. In this naval conflict, the English had to withdraw their fleet. This brought to an end the naval conflict between Shivaji Maharaj and the British.

Within few months Shivaji Maharaj fell ill. After a short illness, he died at the Raigad fort on 3 April 1680.

The Swaraj established by Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj comprised of large areas of Nashik, Pune, Satara, Sangli, Kolhapur, Sindhudurg, Ratnagiri, Raigad, and Thane districts of Maharashtra. It also included parts of the Belgaum, Karwar, and Dharwad districts of Karnataka and Jinjee, Vellore, and their neighboring areas in the state of Tamil Nadu. He set up an efficient and sound system for the administration of this Swaraj. The administration was divided into eight departments. A minister was appointed as the head of every department. His council of eight ministers was known as the Ashta-Pradhan Mandal. Shivaji Maharaj followed a policy of encouraging agriculture. He paid attention to the welfare of the peasantry. He was also equally concerned about the growth of trade and the protection of industries. Thus he turned the Swaraj into a surajya a state which sought the welfare of all. He was a great military commander, an outstanding general, and a statesman. He had a clear concept of military organization.

His military organization consisted of infantry, cavalry, and navy. Strict discipline, rapid movements, excellent intelligence service, and continuous attention to defense marked his military organization. He used to take utmost care to protect his subjects especially at the time of enemy invasions. Shivaji Maharaj was also keen to see to it that the soldiers did not in any way cause any harm to the subjects. He followed a tolerant religious policy. The greatest achievement of Shivaji Maharaj was to inculcate the spirit of independence in his people. By his great deeds and achievements, Shivaji Maharaj created an altogether new order of things. Shivaji Maharaj’s personality and message are as relevant today as they were in the past.

Hanuman Jayanti

Hanuman Jayanthi is a festival in India. It is the birthday of Hanuman, the Vanara god who looks like a monkey. It is celebrated on the 15th day of Chitra Pournami. It is an important festival of the Hindus. Hanuman is the symbol of strength, energy and devotion. He is worshipped as a deity with supreme powers and conquer evil spirits.

Kansas in the American Civil War

At the start of the American Civil War, Kansas was a new state. Kansas did not allow slavery in the state constitution. Kansas fought on the side of the Union, although there was a big pro-slavery feeling. These divisions led to some conflicts. The conflicts included the Lawrence Massacre in August 1863. Later the state witnessed the defeat of Confederate General Sterling Price by Union General Alfred Pleasonton at Mine Creek. 

Kansas had been admitted as a state of the Union in January 1861. This was very shortly before the outbreak of the Civil war. There had been some guerrilla fighting between pro-slavery and anti-slavery groups. The fighting became known as Bleeding Kansas. After three constitutions, the fourth, called the Wyandotte Constitution, was approved by the voters and sent to the United States Congress for approval and statehood. 

Kansas entered the Union as a free state and the 34th state on January 29, 1861. Even after it became a state, there were still hard feelings in Kansas. The Kansas-Missouri border continued to be terrorized by Guerrilla bands from both sides. 

But statehood did not settle the hard feelings in Kansas — or the violence. Pro-slavery people still fought at the Kansas-Missouri border throughout the war. Lawrence, a free-state place in the 1850s, was burned, and more than 150 men and boys were killed by a pro-Southern irregular army under William Quantrill in 1863.

Less than three months after Kansas became a state, on April 12, Fort Sumter was attacked by Confederate troops and the Civil War began. In Washington D.C., there were rumors that President Abraham Lincoln would be kidnapped or even assassinated. A senator from Kansas, James Henry Lane organized 120 men from Kansas called the "Frontier Guard". For three weeks they remained in the White House to protect the President. Most Kansans favored joining the Union in the war. Governor Charles Robinson and Senator Lane recruited troops for the Union Army. During the war the federal government called for a total of 16,654 men from Kansas. But more than 20,000 enlisted and the state sent 19 regiments and four batteries to fight for the Union Army. Some of the men came from other states as Kansas only had about 30,000 men old enough to join the military. Kansas soldiers suffered a total of about 8,500 casualties during the war.

The first action in Kansas was not between the rival armies. It was a guerrilla raid in August 1863 by pro-slavery irregular forces led by W.C. Quantrill. They attacked the city of Lawrence, a centre of anti-slavery sentiment. They killed about 180 men and boys and destroyed a number of buildings. As the raiders could be heard shouting “Remember Osceola!”, the attack was taken to be a reprisal for an earlier raid by anti-slavery jayhawkers on Osceola, Missouri. Some believed that it was also a response to the recent deaths of some of the raiders’ imprisoned womenfolk, when their jailhouse collapsed, perhaps by design. (Recent research shows that the collapse was almost certainly accidental.) The massacre outraged the Confederate government, which had granted recognition to Quantrill under the Partisan Ranger Act, but now withdrew support from irregular forces.

The Battle of Baxter Springs, sometimes called the Baxter Springs Massacre, was a minor battle in the War. It was fought on October 6, 1863 near the modern-day town of Baxter Springs, Kansas.

On October 25, 1864, a series of three battles occurred. The first two in Linn County, Kansas, with the final in Vernon County, Missouri. The first was the Battle of Marais des Cygnes (also called the "Battle of Trading Post"). The second was a cavalry battle called the Battle of Mine Creek. This was a significant battle between mounted cavalry for Confederate forces and several brigades of Union cavalry that were pursuing General Price. They were between Major General Sterling Price, leading the Missouri expedition, against Union forces under Major General Alfred Pleasonton. Price, after going south from Kansas City, was initially met by Pleasonton at Marais des Cygnes. At the end of the day, the Confederate army was destroyed as a fighting force and withdrew into Arkansas.


Ondrej Duda

Ondrej Duda (born on 5 December 1994 in Snina, Slovakia) is a Slovak association football midfielder who currently plays for the Polish club Legia Warsaw and the Slovakia national football team. He played for VSS Košice from 2012 to 2014. His nicknames are "Dudinho" and "Ondrej di Maria".


Mamer

Mamer is a commune and small town in the Capellen canton, south-western Luxembourg. It is at west of Luxembourg City.

The Treveri, a Gallic or Celtic tribe, inhabited the region for several hundred years until they were conquered by Julius Caesar in 54 BC. A Celtic necropolis from the 1st century was discovered in the early 1970s on the "Juckelsboesch" plateau between Mamer and Kehlen.
During the Gallo-Roman era which lasted until about 450, the Romans built and maintained a number of roads in the area including the "Kiem" (Latin "caminus", road) linking Trier to Reims through what is now Mamer. "Mambra" was a small Roman settlement on the banks of the Mamer river at the eastern end of today's Mamer. The Roman settlement was burnt by Germanic invaders around 276.

The road linking Luxembourg City to Brussels, passing through Mamer, was built in 1790. In 1859, the railway to Brussels was opened, with a station in Mamer.

Mamer is in the south-west of the country, on the Mamer river, a tributary of the Alzette river.

The "commune" has an area of . The altitude is high. At the church, the altitude is high; the highest point in the "commune" is "Juckelbösch" that is .

Mamer is surrounded by seven "communes" of Luxembourg: Koerich and Kehlen to the north, Strassen to the east, Bertrange to the southeast, Dippach to the southwest, Garnich to the west and Steinfort to the northwest. The "communes" Strassen and Bertrange are part of the Luxembourg canton but the rest are part of the Capellen canton.

There were 9,185 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Other towns, besides the town of Mamer, within the "commune" are Capellen and Holzem.
Evolution of the population in Mamer


Mamer is twinned withː



Diemerswil

Diemerswil was before 2023 a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Begum Jan

Begum Jan is a doctor from South Waziristan, Pakistan. In 2008 she received the International Women of Courage Award. Jan cares for women and children in Pakistan's dangerous tribal areas.

When Jan was a child, she studied with boys, because there was no school for girls. When the tribal leaders said she could not go to high school with boys, she studied with a tutor. She went to medical school in Jalalabad, Afghanistan.

Jan worked at Pakistan Red Crescent. She worked with women and children at a mental hospital. She also worked with Afghan refugees. Jan started the Tribal Women Welfare Association.

Diemtigen

Diemtigen is a municipality of the administrative district Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Paul Petersen

William Paul Petersen (born September 23, 1945) is an American actor and comedian, best known for portraying Jeff Stone on "The Donna Reed Show". He began his show business career at the age of 10 as a Mouseketeer on the "Mickey Mouse Club".

Nibal Thawabteh

Nibal Thawabteh (Arabic language نبال ثوابتة) is a Palestinian political activist. In 2009 she received the International Women of Courage Award. During her speech at the ceremony, she spoke for the Palestinian people and asked the world to listen to the Palestinian women.

Thawabteh was the first woman to be elected to the Beit Fajjar Village Council. Beit Fajjar is a village near Bethlehem. She also helped other women get seats in the Village Council. Thawabteh started a monthly newspaper to write about subjects like honor killing, polygamy, and poverty.

Thawabteh is the director of the Media Development Center at Birzeit University in Birzeit, Palestine, near Ramallah.

Cynthia Bendlin

Cynthia Bendlin is a human rights activist from Paraguay. She works against human trafficking. In 2008, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Bendlin is the head of the International Organization of Migration. The organization works to prevent of trafficking of women in the border area of Brazil, Argentina, and Paraguay. According to Bendlin, there are 6000 possible victims of trafficking in this area. In 2006 and 2007, the organization had seminars to teach government leaders to fight trafficking. The seminars were in Ciudad del Este, Paraguay, Foz do Iguasu, Brazil and Porto Iguasu, Argentina.

Slither.io

Slither.io is an online multiplayer video game. It is played on a web browser or through an app. The game was started by Steve Howse in 2016. 

The game is played in the role of a snake eating 2-dimensional glowing dots on a grid. It is based on the 2015 game Agar.io, with the main difference is that snakes will die when their head collides with another snake, instead of being based on size like in Agar.io.

The game is most played in multiplayer , where every snake is a human player. In the iOS and Android versions, however, it can also be played in singleplayer, where every snake except the player is controlled by the device.

Ashley Greene

Ashley Michele Greene (born February 21, 1987) is an American actress and model. She is best known for playing Alice Cullen in the Twilight Saga movies.

Greene was born in Jacksonville, Florida. Her mother is Michele Greene (née Tatum), who works in insurance, and Joe Greene, a former U.S. Marine who now owns a concrete business. She grew up in Middleburg and Jacksonville. She moved to Los Angeles, California, at the age of 17 to pursue an acting career. Greene has an older brother named Joe.

At first, she planned to become a model. Her manager told her that she was not tall enough to be a fashion model and that she should act in commercials instead. After taking commercial and acting classes, she realized that she liked acting more than modeling. Greene graduated from high school early and moved to L.A. to start her acting career.

Early in her career, she had guest roles on television programs, such as "Punk'd" and "Crossing Jordan". In 2008, she had an important role in the movie "Twilight", which was based on the novel of the same name by Stephenie Meyer. She played the character Alice Cullen. She was also in the sequels to "Twilight": "" (2009), "" (2010), "" (2011), and "" (2012).

Greene played Michelle Burkham in the drama movie "Skateland" (2010).

She acted in the movie "A Warrior's Heart" with Kellan Lutz, who was also in "Twilight".

Greene acted along with Miley Cyrus and Demi Moore in the drama movie "LOL" (2012).

In 2013, Greene was in the historical film "CBGB" about the former Manhattan music club with the same name.

In 2010, Greene did modeling for an advertisement by the company SoBe. In this advertisement, she wore body paint. Later the same year, Greene became the main model for the Mark brand of cosmetics. This brand is made by the company Avon.

Greene received an award from the PETA foundation because of her work with Avon, which does not do animal testing. She also received "The Style Icon Award" from the magazine "Hollywood Life" at the Young Hollywood Awards.


Diessbach bei Büren

Diessbach bei Büren is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Bévilard

Bévilard is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Bévilard, Malleray and Pontenet into the new municipality of Valbirse.

Diesse

Diesse was a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Diesse, Lamboing and Prêles merged into the new municipality of Plateau de Diesse.

Hospental

Hospental is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .


Aesch, Lucerne

Aesch is a municipality of the district Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Popular sovereignty in the United States

Popular sovereignty was a political doctrine in the United States that held that the people who lived in a state or region should decide what kind of government or laws they should have. Popular sovereignty allowed settlers of a territory to decide for themselves on the question of slavery without any interference from the federal government. During 19th century it was a compromise used to determine if a western territory or new state would accept or reject slavery within its borders. 

It was first promoted in the 1840s. Stephen A. Douglas, one of the sponsors of the Kansas–Nebraska Act inserted it in the new law as a measure to balance slave and free states. Abraham Lincoln was one of those who did not agree. He thought Congress should regulate federal territories. The act was passed but popular sovereignty proved to have deadly consequences. When Kansas was being considered for statehood, there was a rush by both people who were for and against slavery to go to Kansas and vote on the issue of slavery. This resulted in a great deal of fraud and violence. It led directly to Bleeding Kansas, the bloody border war over slavery.

Avegno Gordevio

Avegno Gordevio is a new municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was created on 20 April 2008, when the municipalities of Avegno and Gordevio joined together to become Avegno Gordevio.


Cool (Gwen Stefani song)

"Cool" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her debut solo studio album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). Written by Stefani and Dallas Austin, the song was released on July 5, 2005 as the album's fourth single. The song was compared to early music by Madonna, Cyndi Lauper and Janet Jackson.

"Cool"s music video was directed by Sophie Muller and was filmed in June 2005. in Lake Como, Italy. The video features flashbacks of Stefani with brunette hair.


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby."


Orlando nightclub shooting

The 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting was a major incident inside Pulse, a gay bar and nightclub in Orlando, Florida. It happened on June 12, 2016.

More than fifty people, including the shooter, were killed in the massacre. It was the deadliest homophobic attack on LGBT people in United States history. It was the deadliest attack in the U.S. since the September 11, 2001 attacks. Until the 2017 Las Vegas shooting that killed 60 people, the Pulse shooting was the deadliest mass shooting in American history.

The gunman was Omar Mir Seddique Mateen.

According to law enforcement officials, at an unknown time before the shooting, Mateen called the police and pledged himself to the leader of ISIS.

At about 2:00 a.m. EDT, Mateen fired shots inside the nightclub. He was armed with a rifle, a handgun, and a "device". Mateen then left the club briefly and exchanged gunfire with a police officer outside, before returning inside to take hostages. Pulse posted on its Facebook page at 2:09 EDT, saying "Everyone get out of pulse and keep running".

Florida governor Rick Scott described the incident as "clearly an act of terror", and declared a state of emergency.

In a broadcast statement made at around 2:00 p.m. from the White House, President Barack Obama described the shooting as an "act of terror" and an "act of hate". He mentioned that he has directed the Federal Bureau of Investigation to investigate the shooting as an act of terrorism, and that the full resources of the federal government would be made available.

Bleeding Kansas

Bleeding Kansas was a border war on the Kansas-Missouri border. It started with the Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854. It continued into the American Civil War (1854–1861). It was an ugly war between groups of people who had strong beliefs about slavery. The term was first coined by Horace Greeley of the "New York Tribune". He used it to describe the violence happening in the Kansas territory during the mid to late 1850s. Three different groups were fighting for power in Kansas at the time. These were those who were pro-slavery, abolitionists and free-staters. Bleeding Kansas, fought over the issue of slavery, was a precursor of events to come in the American Civil War.

Before 1854 when the Kansas-Nebraska Act opened up the territory for settlement, there were people living there. Among these were several tribes of Native Americans. These included the plains Indian tribes of the Kansas, the Osage and the Pawnee people. They lived and moved throughout what is now the state of Kansas. In the 1830s about 20 tribes living east of the Mississippi River were relocated west of Missouri. By 1854 most of these tribes had been forced to give up these land to the federal government and move into what is now Oklahoma.

Before the Kansas-Nebraska act started, the idea of popular sovereignty gained interest in the territory. Several groups with political interests promoted the idea of settlement by whites. One group who liked free-state settlement was the New England Emigrant Aid Company. The first group of New England settlers created the city of Lawrence, Kansas. That city quickly became a place of abolitionist activity. The same year, the city of Topeka, Kansas was created by Cyrus K. Holliday and other anti-slavery advocates. Missourians felt there was a plot by abolitionists to surround the state of Missouri with free states. Residents of Missouri with an interest in Kansas becoming pro-slavery flooded into the territory. The towns of Atchison and Leavenworth were both founded by pro-slavery Missourians.

Slavery was the main issue that led to the Civil War. The Southern United States was dependent on agriculture. They were also dependent on the 4 million slaves who did the work on southern plantations. Much of the southern economy depended on the free labor of slavery. Slaves could be traded, rented, bought or sold. A man's social status, prestige and wealth were demonstrated by the number of slaves he owned.

In the Northern United States, by the time of the Civil War, slavery had been abolished. The north had almost all the industry of the country. Immigration, especially from Ireland and Germany, provided a source of low cost labor. This meant that the North did not need slaves.

Ever since the Kansas-Nebraska Act opened up the territory to settlement in 1854, the pro-slavery party in Missouri had been interfering in Kansas affairs. Missouri was admitted as a pro-slavery state under the Missouri Compromise. Slaveholders in Missouri were nervous about having a free-state on its western border. This is because runaway slaves could escape to there. Plantation owners in Missouri wanted to make sure Kansas became a slave state.

Most of the people who came to the Kansas territory came for land and opportunity. Most were from eastern states such as Ohio, Kentucky, Pennsylvania and New York. They were almost all white. Though they did not have slaves, most were prejudiced against black people. They believed the popular idea they were inferior. Most of the settlers seemed to want free soil for white people only.

On March 30, 1855, the Kansas Territory had the election for its first territorial legislature. This legislature would decide whether the territory would allow slavery, so it was an important election. Just like in the election of November 1854, "Border Ruffians" from Missouri again went into the territory to vote. Pro-slavery people were elected to 37 of the 39 seats. Martin F. Conway and Samuel D. Houston from Riley County were the only Free-Staters elected. Due to concerns about electoral fraud, Territorial Governor Andrew Reeder nullified the results in five voting districts. A special election was held on May 22 to elect replacements. Eight of the eleven delegates elected in the special election were Free-Staters, but this still left the pro-slavery people with a 29–10 advantage.

Congress sent a three-man special committee to the Kansas Territory in 1856. The committee report said that if the only people who were allowed to vote in the election of March 30, 1855 were "actual settlers", it would have elected a Free-State legislature. The report also said that the legislature actually seated "was [filled with illegally-elected people], and [it] had no power to pass valid laws".

In October 1855, John Brown came to Kansas Territory to fight slavery. On November 21, 1855 a skirmish called "Wakarusa War" started when a Free-Stater named Charles Dow was shot by a pro-slavery settler. The war had one death, a free stater named Thomas Barber was shot and killed. On May 21, 1856, Missourians invaded Lawrence and burned the Free State Hotel. They destroyed two newspaper offices, and ransacked homes and stores.
In May 1856, Republican Senator Charles Sumner took to the floor to denounce the threat of slavery in Kansas. He wanted to destroy what Republicans called the "Slave Power". In the speech called "The Crime against Kansas", Sumner ridiculed the honor of elderly South Carolina Senator Andrew Butler. He compared Butler's pro-slavery agenda towards Kansas with the raping of a virgin and characterizing his affection for it in sexually explicit and disgusting terms. The next day, Butler's cousin, the South Carolina Congressman Preston Brooks, nearly killed Sumner on the Senate floor with a heavy cane. The action shocked the nation, brought violence to the floor of the Senate, and deepened the North-South split.

The violence continued. Ohio abolitionist John Brown led his sons and other followers to plan the murder of settlers who spoke in favor of slavery. At a pro-slavery settlement at Pottawatomie Creek on the night of May 24, the group seized five pro-slavery men from their homes and hacked them to death with broadswords. Brown and his men escaped. They started making a plan for a full-scale slave insurrection to take place at Harper's Ferry, Virginia. They would have financial support from Boston abolitionists. The pro-slavery Territorial government had been relocated to Lecompton.

In August 1856, thousands of pro-slavery men formed into armies. They marched into Kansas. That same month, Brown and several of his followers engaged 400 pro-slavery militia in the "Battle of Osawatomie". The hostilities continued for another two months until Brown left the Kansas Territory. The new territorial governor, John W. Geary, took office and asked both sides for peace. 

Once Geary became governor, there was peace. However, this peace was broken by violent outbreaks for two more years. The last major outbreak of violence was the Marais des Cygnes massacre in 1858. This was when border ruffians killed five Free State men. In all, about 56 people died during the Bleeding Kansas era.

The political process that led to statehood for Kansas was long and difficult. To become a state, Kansas had to give an acceptable constitution to the U.S. Congress. Kansas tried to become a state four times. They had four different constitutions given. This was more than any other state territory. Missourians, because they were so close, went across the border to vote on the first state constitution. The fact they were not Kansas residents did not stop them from stuffing the ballot boxes. With their help, pro-slavery candidates were elected to the constitutional convention. What came to be called the "Bogus Legislature" met on July 2, 1855. Among the laws passed by the Bogus Legislature were the death penalty for anyone setting slaves free or for saying or writing anything that might cause a slave rebellion. Citizens of Kansas who had talked about any anti-slavery ideas were not allowed to be jurors. The convention did everything it could to make anyone with anti-slavery sentiments leave Kansas. Anti-slavery abolitionists met on June 24, 1855. They rejected the Bogus Legislature's laws and constitution.

After several conventions, the free-staters met in Topeka to write a constitution. It was given to the U.S. Congress, and it went to Kansas voters on December 15. The "Topeka constitution" won ratification by a vote of 1,731 to 46. The landslide victory was because the pro-slavery side protested the vote. President Franklin Pierce gave a speech January 24, 1856 saying the so-called Bogus Legislature was still legitimate. He called the Topeka constitution and the abolitionist convention illegal. The United States House of Representatives accepted the constitution by a vote of 99 to 97. It was sent to the United States Senate, but the bill was stopped in committee. The House and Senate went back and forth over the issue, but nothing was fixed. Then President Pierce sent federal troops to break up the Topeka legislature on July 4. A year passed with no progress. Both abolitionists and pro-slavery border ruffians started fighting a guerrilla war on the border to try to fix the issue.

A year passed with little change. However, James Buchanan was elected president of the United States. He chose Robert J. Walker to be the territorial governor of Kansas. His instructions to Walker were to help the "regular legislature" in creating a new constitutional convention. Buchanan promised Kansans that voters would be protected from force or fraud, and they should not protest the convention. Between mid-October and early November the Lecompton Constitution was drafted. When it was presented to Kansas voters it had two choices: a “Constitution With Slavery” and a “Constitution With No Slavery.” But it was cleverly worded in that it did not allow a vote against a constitution. This caused an angry response from voters. Governor Walker was forced to resign. By a vote of 6,226 to 569, on December 21, the Constitution With Slavery option won. However, Congress did not like the Lecompton constitution. The newly-created Republican Party joined forces with Northern Democrats, including Senator Stephen A. Douglas, to block the constitution because they felt it did not represent the will of the people of Kansas. The Democratic Party was split over the issue. Douglas and free-Stater in Kansas got a referendum held on January 4, 1858. This time, abolitionists, many of whom had earlier protested the vote, voted. More than 10,000 voters completely rejected the Lecompton Constitution.

The third try at a constitution was called the Leavenworth Constitution. It was called that because on March 25, 1858, the delegates met in Leavenworth, Kansas. When a bill asking for another convention had been sent to the new territorial governor, James Denver for approval, he ignored it. The territorial legislature then passed the bill, but they met after they were scheduled to leave. This caused an angry debate even before the convention met. At the convention, abolitionists disagreed over several issues including what to offer to blacks. Even so, the delegates voted on a new constitution to present to the voters. It was ratified on May 18, but very few Kansans came out to vote on the issue. Congress did not even take the Leavenworth constitution seriously. Instead, President Buchanan said that the Lecompton constitution had been ratified and it should be the constitution under consideration. While the Leavenworth constitution was waiting on ratification, both houses of congress sent the Lecompton constitution back to the voters of Kansas. This time there was a bribe attached. If the voters would approve the Lecompton constitution, they would get 3.5 million acres of public land to use for schools, a university and public works. If they rejected the constitution, Kansas would not be allowed to submit another constitution until it gained a larger population. On August 2, the voters rejected the terms of statehood made by Congress by a vote of 11,812 to 1,926. Both the Lecompton and the Leavenworth constitutions were dead. Both the pro-slavery and anti-slavery factions realized it was time for a new plan for Kansas.

Things quieted down temporarily although the polls had shown the free-state abolitionists were clearly in the majority. Many of the pro-slavery men from Missouri lost interest in the political affairs of Kansas. Many of the more radical abolitionists did also. The territorial legislature proceeded to find a way for Kansas to become a state. On February 9, 1859 the legislature passed an act to create one more constitutional convention. The new governor, Samuel Medary, signed the bill. A vote held on March 28 showed 5,306 Kansans were for the measure while 1,425 were against it. By this time it was widely thought Kansas would be a free state, if approved for statehood. But other issues were being debated. These included state boundaries, suffrage and temperance. Deligates to the convention were elected and on July 5 met at Wyandotte, a town that later became part of Kansas City. On July 29, the Wyandotte Constitution was adopted (without signatures of many of the Democrats at the convention). It was presented to the people of Kansas on October 4 and was approved by a vote of 10,421 to 5,530.

The U.S. House of Representatives introduced a bill in February 1860 for statehood and it passed. In the Senate, however, the measure stalled. It went to the Committee on Territories for three months before it came back to the Senate floor. The committee had recommended it not be passed. Debates on the measure went back and forth, but nothing was done due to the upcoming presidential election. In the 1860 election, Abraham Lincoln won the presidency. The Southern states then seceded from the Union. With Congress cleared of those against Kansas becoming a free state, the measure was passed. President Buchanan was still in office but signed the bill making Kansas the 34th state. The Wyandotte constitution became the constitution of the State of Kansas.


Molokhia

Molokhia , Molokhiyya or Melokhiyya (various spellings based on the ) is a type of jute plant and is an Egyptian soupy vegetable dish. It is made from leaves of "Corchorus olitorius", commonly known as jute leaves , Jute mallow , Nalta jute, and Tossa jute . It is commonly served in other forms in some other countries as Tunisia,Lebanon, Syria , and Cyprus

and butter are added.
may be added or not added
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tz57CLXuKtw&pp=ygUPI2p1dGVsZWF2ZXNjaG

into powder
also





Dürrenroth

Dürrenroth is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Arkadiusz Milik

Arkadiusz Krystian "Arek" Milik (born 28 February 1994 in Tychy, Poland) is a Polish association football forward who currently plays for the French club Olympique de Marseille (on loan from SSC Napoli) and the Poland national football team. He has also played for AFC Ajax, Rozwój Katowice, Górnik Zabrze, Bayer 04 Leverkusen and FC Augsburg.


Vasili Berezutski

Vasiliy Vladimirovich Berezutski (; born 20 June 1982) is a Russian football coach and a former player. He played as a defender. Berezutski is an assistant coach with CSKA Moscow. He began his professional career in 1999 at the age of 17 with Torpedo Moscow. Berezutski was a Russia national football team regular. He earned his 100th cap on 6 September 2016 against Ghana.


Crash (Gwen Stefani song)

"Crash" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her debut solo studio album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). Written by Stefani and No Doubt bandmate Tony Kanal, the song uses car metaphors to describe a relationship. Many music critics compared the song to music made by American female rap group Salt-n-Pepa.

Unlike the previous singles released from the "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." album, "Crash" was the only song not to feature an actual music video, a live performance from the "Harajuku Lovers Tour" was used instead, this was mainly because Stefani was pregnant with her first child.



Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby."


Eggiwil

Eggiwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Epsach

Epsach is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Skylab

Skylab was the first space station of the United States. It was launched on May 14, 1973 on an extra Saturn V Moon rocket. It was launched without the third stage, lunar module, or command/service module because Skylab was itself an extra third stage that was turned into a space station, which is called a wet workshop. The Apollo spacecraft visited the station three times. If there was any problem, an Apollo spacecraft with Vance D. Brand and Don L. Lind could rescue the crews.

Skylab did 80 experiments. Those were divided into six categories:

Our (river)

The Our (pronunciation [u:r]) is a river in Belgium, Luxembourg and Germany. It is a left-hand tributary of the Sauer river, and so it is part of the drainage basin of the Rhine river.

The Our river has a length of . Of that length, are in Luxemboug Its drainage basin has an area of .

The source of the Our is in southeastern Belgium. It is near Manderfeld in the Büllingen municipality,  Liège province. It is at an altitude of about .

The river flows southwards, more or less along the German-Belgian  border and, after Ouren, along the German-Luxembourg border. The historic town of Vianden lies on the Our.

The Our joins, as a left tributary, the Sauer river in Wallendorf in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate, at about of altitude.

North of Viande, the river is blocked by the Our Dam.

The tributaries of the Our river with length over 5 km are:


Carsington Water

Carsington Water is a massive reservoir operated by Severn Trent Water.

It is England's ninth largest reservoir with a capacity of 35,412 megaliters. Planning for the reservoir started in the 1960s with actual construction staring in 1979. In 1984 there was a partial collapse of the dam.

Pro-slavery (United States)

Pro-slavery was an ideology that promoted the practice of slavery and defended against any interference with the system. By the 1830s, slavery was practiced mainly in the Southern United States. African American slaves were considered property. Slave owners justified them being property because slaves were black—in other words not people. Slaves were used on large plantations and small farms as the primary form of labor. 

Largely in response to the abolitionist arguments against slavery, pro-slavery advocates developed arguments to justify slavery as being a good thing. While anti-slavery groups pushed for a gradual end to slavery, and free-soilers sought to stop its expansion, abolitionists demanded an immediate end to the practice. Pro-slavery became as much anti-abolitionism as it was a defense of slavery.

It is sometimes hard to understand why southerners who did not own slaves would defend the practice of slavery. In the south at that time, slaves did not just work on plantations. There were over 4 million blacks enslaved in the south and they far outnumbered white people. In cities like Charleston, South Carolina, slaves worked at various jobs such as carpenters, blacksmiths, bricklayers and street sweeper. They performed every kind of manual labor. They raised the family's children, cooked, cleaned and served the food to their masters. A visitor to Charleston commented “Charleston looks more like a Negro country than a country settled by white people”. 

Southerners feared a slave rebellion like the one on Haiti only a few decades earlier. They also feared that without slaves their economy would collapse completely. Slavery had become a subject of vital interest to everyone in the United States. In 1859, the raid on the federal arsenal at Harper's Ferry, Virginia by the abolitionist John Brown shocked the south. Had Brown succeeded, he intended to arm slaves in the south with weapons to revolt against their masters. Each new state admitted to the United States became a battle over whether it would be a free state or would allow slavery. Extremists from all sides flocked to territories to promote their own cause. Bleeding Kansas became a worst case example where the competing views broke down into outright guerrilla warfare. Political compromises were tried, such as the Missouri Compromise of 1820 and the Compromise of 1850.

Slaves were generally poorly fed and had minimal clothing and places to sleep. Household servants usually did better as they got the old clothes of their master's family and had access to better quality food. Slaves suffered from poor health in the heat and humidity of the south. Because of their poor diet and unsanitary living conditions, they frequently suffered from diseases. The rice plantations were the most deadly for slaves. They stood in water for most of the day under the hot sun. Malaria was a common disease. The mortality rate was highest among slave children. It averaged about 66 % generally and was as high as 90 % on rice plantations.

Slave women were frequently used for sex by their masters. If any refused they could be physically beaten. Their racially mixed or mulatto children were considered slaves because their status followed that of the mother. All women in the south, black or white, were considered chattel or property, they belonged to the master. In 1808, the Act Prohibiting Importation of Slaves took effect. After this time slave breeding by their masters became a common way to produce slaves. There was also a demand for light-skinned, good looking young female slaves. These "fancy maids", slave women sold at auction as concubines or prostitutes, brought the highest prices. 

The arguments for slavery by Southern spokesmen said that chattel slavery (slaves as property), as practiced in the South, was more humane than the system of "wage slavery" practiced in the industrialized Northern United States. George Fitzhugh, in his book published in 1857, "Cannibals All!", maintained that pro-slavery held the moral high ground in the national debate over slavery. Fitzhugh maintained that because slaveholders owned their slaves they took better care of them than the northern capitalists who only "rented" their workers. In his earlier "Sociology for the South" he proposed that many white people should also be slaves.

Some pointed out that slave owners provided food and clothes for their slaves, something that northern employers did not do. Other arguments pointed out that in addition to the benefits slaves enjoyed under slavery was that by keeping them separate, they did not mix with the white race. While this was a fear of many southerners, the argument played on the fears of northerners. The basis for this was the commonly held belief at the time that blacks were inferior to whites.

Others pointed out that a sudden end to slavery would cause economic collapse in the south. There would be no cotton, tobacco or rice industries. Also, that if all the slaves were freed it would lead to unemployment and chaos all over the United States. They claimed it would lead to uprisings much like the "Reign of Terror" during the French Revolution. 

These arguments and others were widely published in books, newspapers and pamphlets. They were designed to promote and defend slavery.


Eriswil

Eriswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Secunderabad

Secunderabad is a city in the state of Telangana, India. It is popularly called the twin city of Hyderabad.

Secunderabad was founded in the year 1806 as a British cantonment. Secunderabad and Hyderabad together form the sixth biggest metropolis in India. It is one of the biggest cantonments in India. It has a large presence of army and air force.

The population of Secunderabad is 204,182. The literacy rate of Secunderabad is 73%. The most popular sport is cricket.

Erlach, Switzerland

Erlach () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Erlenbach im Simmental

Erlenbach im Simmental is a municipality of the administrative district Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Ersigen

Ersigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Oberösch and Niederösch merged into the municipality of Ersigen.

Thrombolite

Thrombolites are ancient types of microbial communities that photosynthesize. They are similar to stromatolites, but they are formed differently.

Stromatolites are clearly layered, but thrombolites are not. They are "clotted accretionary structures". They formed in shallow water by the trapping, holding, and cementing sedimentary grains by microorganisms, especially cyanobacteria. They were common in the Cambrian and early Ordovician, and few examples still exist today.

Eschert

Eschert is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Etzelkofen

Etzelkofen was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern,
Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Etzelkofen, Büren zum Hof, Grafenried, Limpach, Mülchi, Schalunen and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Free-Stater (Kansas)

Free-Staters were those settlers in Kansas Territory during the Bleeding Kansas era in the 1850s who opposed the extension of slavery to Kansas. The name came from the term "free state". This meant a U.S. state without slavery.

Some Free-Staters were abolitionists from New England. Other Free-Staters were abolitionists who came to Kansas Territory from Ohio, Iowa, and other midwestern states. However, the majority of Free-Staters, regardless of where they were from, did not claim to be abolitionists at the beginning. Instead, the official Free-State line supported the idea of excluding "all" Black people from the state of Kansas. While they didn't have slaves themselves most were prejudiced against black people believing the popular idea they were inferior. Most of the settlers seemed to want free soil for white people only.

Pro-slavery Southerners in Kansas Territory said all Free-Staters were abolitionists. This was in order to motivate the South's opposition. However, Eli Thayer and other New England Company leaders denied that they were seeking to abolish slavery. Also, the failed Topeka Constitution drafted by the Free-Staters in 1855 would have excluded any black person from settling in Kansas. This is whether they were slaves or free. In contrast, abolitionists wanted equal rights for all blacks and to end discrimination against them.

As time passed and the violence in Bleeding Kansas increased, abolitionists became associated with the Free-State movement. In 1858, the Free-Staters proposed a second constitution, the Leavenworth Constitution, which banned slavery and also would have given the right to vote to black men. This constitution also failed because of unresolved conflict between the two sides. Kansas became a state in 1861 after the fourth and final Wyandotte Constitution was agreed on. Holton, Kansas was named for the Milwaukee, Wisconsin free-stater Edward Dwight Holton.

Evilard

Evilard is a municipality in the administrative district Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Lucca (footballer, born 1990)

Lucca Borges de Brito (born 14 February 1990), simply known as Lucca, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward or a winger for Thai League 1 club Lamphun Warriors.

Lucca is known for his playmaking ability, his excellent technical ability, vision and set pieces.

Fahrni

Fahrni is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Farnern

Farnern is a municipality of the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Graziano Pellè

Graziano Pellè (born 15 July 1985 in San Cesario di Lecce, Italy) is an Italian association football forward who currently plays for the English club Southampton and the Italy national team. He has also played for U.S. Lecce, Calcio Catania, Crotone, Cesena, AZ Alkmaar, Parma Football Club SpA, U.C. Sampdoria and Feyenoord. He won the Eredivisie with AZ Alkmaar in 2009 and was Premier League Player of the Month in September of 2014.


Omar Mateen

Omar Mir Seddique Mateen (November 16, 1986 – June 12, 2016) was an American mass shooter/mass murderer. He killed at least 49 people and wounded 53 others in a mass shooting at a gay bar in Orlando, Florida. He was killed in a gunfight with the police. It was the largest and deadliest act of violence targeting LGBT people in United States history.
Mateen was born in New York to Afghan parents. He moved to Port St. Lucie, Florida in 1991.

Before the shooting, he had been investigated by the FBI in 2013 and 2014. Mateen reportedly pledged his allegiance to the Sunni militant jihadist group Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) before the shooting.

Bogdan Stancu

Bogdan Sorin Stancu (born on 28 June 1987 in Pitești, Romania) is a Romanian association football forward and left winger who currently plays for the Turkish club Gençlerbirliği and the Romania national football team. His nickname is "Motanul" (meaning Tomcat). He also previously played for Argeș Pitești, CS Mioveni, Unirea Urziceni, Steaua București, Galatasaray and Orduspor.

These goals are current since the game against Switzerland.


Farhiyo Farah Ibrahim

Farhiyo Farah Ibrahim (Arabic language: فرحيو فرح إبراهيم) is a Somali refugee and women’s rights activist. She fights against female genital mutilation and forced marriage in the Dadaab refugee camp in north-east Kenya. In 2008, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

In 2002 Farah went to work for the National Council of Churches in Kenya, teaching people about reproductive health. After she was attacked, she took a job as an interpreter in Dadaab.

In 2005 Farah went to a leadership program in the town of Naivasha in Western Kenya. Then she worked for CARE, giving people information about reproductive health. CARE is an international NGO that helps refugees. 

The Carsey-Werner Company

The Carsey-Werner Company (also called Carsey-Werner Productions or Carsey-Werner Television) is an independent television company. It was founded in 1981 by former ABC writer and producer duo Marcy Carsey and Tom Werner.

The company created television sitcoms including "Roseanne", "A Different World", "The Cosby Show", "Grace Under Fire" and "That '70s Show".

Carsey-Werner was sold to NBC Universal in 2007.

Ge with upturn

Ukrainian Ge (Ґ, ґ) is the fifth letter of the Ukrainian alphabet. It can also be used in the Belarusian language. This letter means the sound [g] in both languages, "Г" meaning the sound [h]. Firstly this letter appeared in the middle of the 19th century.
Serious (Gwen Stefani song)

"Serious" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her debut solo studio album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). The track was written by Stefani and her Doubt bandmate, Tony Kanal. Kanal also produced the song with Mark "Spike" Stent. "Serious" had been compared to Madonnas early music by Enrique Peña Nieto.

A music video was made for the song, but the video was never officially released. Sophie Muller directed the music video. The music video features Stefani and the Harajuku Girls dancing on various rooftops throughout Los Angeles. A minute long clip of the music video was uploaded onto YouTube on October 13, 2006.




Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby."

Pasophae

Pasophae, also spelt Pasiphaë, is a character in Greek mythology. She is the daughter of the sun god, Helios and the wife of King Minos. She was the mother of many of Minos' children. They included Ariadne and her brother Androgeos, who was killed by the Athenians. She also had an affair with a prized bull her husband had refused to sacrifice to Poseidon. The offspring of Pasophae and the bull was the Minotaur, which was eventually killed by Theseus.

Long Way to Go (Gwen Stefani and André 3000 song)

"Long Way to Go" is a song by American singer-songwriter Gwen Stefani with American rapper André 3000. The song appears as the closing track on Stefani's debut studio album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). It was released on November 23, 2004 by Interscope Records. The track was written by both Stefani and 3000. The song also includes a sample from Martin Luther King, Jr.'s 1963 "I Have a Dream" speech.

"Long Way to Go" was originally recorded in 2003 during recording sessions for both of Stefani and 3000's then upcoming studio albums. André 3000's original version of the song had Stefani as a featured artist and he originally recorded for the Outkasts "The Love Below" album.

Lyrically, "Long Way to Go" is about prejudices against dating someone from a different race. The line, "When snow hits the asphalt / Cold looks and bad talk come" is used as a metaphor for the nasty comments people receive when dating someone of the opposite race. "Long Way to Go" also includes a sample from Martin Luther King, Jr.s 1963 "I Have a Dream" speech. "Long Way to Go" was written by Stefani and 3000 and was also produced by 3000.






Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby."

Ferenbalm

Ferenbalm () is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Forst, Switzerland

Forst is a village in the canton of Bern, Switzerland. The former municipality of the district of Thun merged with Längenbühl on January 1, 2007 to form Forst-Längenbühl.

Forst-Längenbühl

Forst-Längenbühl is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2007, the former municipalities of Forst and Längenbühl merged into the new municipality of Forst-Längenbühl.

Fraubrunnen

Fraubrunnen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Grafenried, Limpach, Mülchi, Schalunen and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.


Frauenkappelen

Frauenkappelen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Plains Indians

Plains Indians or Indigenous peoples of the Great Plains and Canadian Prairies are Native American tribes with similar cultures in the Interior Plains. This includes the Great Plains and Canadian Prairies. It is between the Rocky Mountains and the Mississippi River. The landscape is mostly flat grasslands and plains. The natives were often on the move (nomadic) and used horses. Natives mainly hunted bison. These people have become part of popular culture. They were one of the last Natives to be taken over. This particular Native group has become a stereotype for Natives in literature and art.

There are two main groups of Plain Indians. One moved a lot (nomadic) and the other did not travel that much (sedentary): 


In the early Prehistoric periods, Native peoples hunted and collected plants. They later developed agriculture and grew corn. Plains people lived there for thousands of years and adapted to changes in climate and landscape. Early Natives mostly did not move and were sedentary. Groups developed Plains Village Cultures. There was not that much war and conflict before horses came. 

The Spanish explorers and conquistadores first brought horses to the Southwest in the 1500s. Hernán Cortés was the first Spanish to bring horses in 1519. Juan de Oñate brought many more horses in 1592. Later these horses moved north and came to the Plains region. The horses changed the way the Plains Indians hunted. They quickly adapted to hunting bison on horseback as nomadic hunters. The Navajo began to steal horses from the Spanish. Apache traded captives for horses. Horses also escaped into the wild. Horses were traded to or captured by other tribes.The Comanche soon followed and realized how useful horses could be. The Comanche became powerful and took over the Apache areas. All of these tribes based their wealth and power on the horse. By the mid-1700s, most Plains Indians had each one or more horses. The Plains culture had now fully developed. 

The next European advance came from the British and French. They brought guns to North America. Native interacted in these exchanges that were part of the Fur Trade. The British also pushed many of the Eastern Woodlands tribes onto the Great Plains. Guns weakened the Native Americans and caused greater conflict among tribes. Guns increased the intensity of conflicts between tribes. This indirectly led to forced migration. 

In the 19th century, US people started to slaughter and hunt bison. The US government wanted to get rid of bison to starve out the Native peoples. Many times, Americans just hunted for the skin and left the meat behind. The bison almost became extinct. 

The American government pushed west and this led to conflict, including the Indians Wars. The Plains Wars were from the 1850s to 1870s. Notable examples of wars include the Dakota War, Great Sioux War, Snake War and Colorado War. Natives resisted US American populations. In 1890, many Natives were killed in the Wounded Knee Massacre. After the 1850s, the horse culture of the Plains Indians ended as tribes were moved to Indian reservations. 

Plains people lived in teepees. These were cone-shaped homes for single families. Natives used buffalo skin as the walls and poles for the structure of the teepees. There was a hole at the top to allow light and smoke through. Villages lived in earth lodges. These were round-shaped, and the walls were made of earth. Usually, there were several families living in these homes. Other types of homes were the Wichita and Osage. They were shaped like wigwams, which had dome or cone shapes. Native often used grass for the walls. 

The most common crops in the Plains regions were corn, squash and beans (the Three Sisters). There was also tobacco, plums and sunflower. Corn culture developed in 900 AD. Natives often collected rainwater. Plains people also hunted buffalo, deer, and elk. With horses, several tribes focused only on hunting buffalo and moved around more. Up to the 1500s, tribes lived on the edges of the Great Plains. They were farmers and hunter-gatherers. From autumn to spring they raised crops. During the summers they went out onto the Great Plains to hunt bison on foot.

At the height of their cultures, their main source of food was the large herds of American bison. Hunting was not only the main activity of Plains Indians but was a central part of their religion. Their culture was formed from the natural environment they lived in. Before horses, it was more difficult for natives to hunt bison. They often had to create traps for the bison. Early on, they used bows and arrows, spears, and clubs. Later the Europeans introduced firearms. 

Native peoples mostly used the skins of bison and deer for their clothing. War heroes could wear war bonnets. Natives wore mocassins as shoes. The horses allowed Natives to become wealthier. As a result, clothing began to include more luxury items. 

In Plains culture, inheritance and lineage could be through the mother, father, or both. There were some rules for marriage, like against incest. Arranged marriages were common, and there was sometimes polygamy. The least strict relationship rules were between grandchildren and grandparents. There were particular gender roles in communities. Women did things related to food, clothing, raising children, and teepee building. Women, however, owned the home. Women could get a divorce. Men did more hunting and defending. Natives raised Children more through rewards and praise. Several family members could serve as mentors. 
Warfare was very individualistic. Often, only a few warriors went on a raid. Individual warriors could get plunder and trophies from an attack. Warrior status was important. Raiding became more common with horses. The Comanche were notable warriors. Fighting was both defensive and offensive. Natives attacked other Natives, but also European colonists. Usually, war was about revenge for a person's death or to get praise. Horses were very valuable and, if stolen, could lead to war. 

Wealth, success, and status were based more on merit and achievement. This system applied to the ranking of warriors. There were many honors for warriors. Bravery was very important. The tradition of "counting coup" was a very high honor. One showed bravery by defeating another warrior without killing the warrior. The number of horses won in a raid decided how successful the raid was. 

The Plain Natives won several battles against the Americans. Natives won at the Battle of Little Bighorn. War with the Americans lasted up to the 19th century. The Natives were fast, knew the lands, and knew how to control the horses. The Natives could not enter longer wars. This was because of the hunting season. They also did not want to take big risks that would cause more deaths. Natives still used bows and arrows after they got firearms.

Plains Indians believed in forms of animism. Animism meant animals and certain objects had spirits. Spirits were often the ones that brought about success. Natives could get help from a spirit by doing a vision quest. A spirit could give a vision or dream. These visions would contain knowledge like how to win a fight or to heal sicknesses. Some tribes believed that there was one spirit greater than all the others. Other tribes believed that all spirits were equal. 

There were certain religious leaders. Shamans had spiritual powers and could heal the sick. They had direct contact with the supernatural. Shamans were different than priests. Priests had a lot of knowledge about the spiritual world. Sometimes one person could be both a shaman and a priest. Some people in tribes were "wakan" (Lakota: "holy"). There was often training to get this status. One could become a spiritual leader or a medicine person. 

Natives had many rituals and ceremonies. The Sun Dance was an important ritual. Different tribes came together to affirm their beliefs. The Sun Dance was usually every year. The ceremony also included sacrifices. People would make personal sacrifices to heal the larger community. There were dances and songs. Fasting was also common. There was much preparation for these ceremonies. The dance sometimes included piercing individuals.
Popular culture in United States included stereotypes of Plains Indians. Buffalo Bill Cody featured plains Indians in his Wild West shows beginning in the 1880s. When Hollywood began making movies, the western was a favorite topic. They introduced the plains Indians as the stereotypical Native American Indian to the entire world. When fiction about the American Old West shows Indians, they are usually plains Indians.

The Plains Indians have been popular in European countries like Germany. Such views of Natives were often idealized and filled with stereotypes. The richness of Native American culture was not considered. The Plain Indians became a stereotype for all Native Americans. The German writer Karl May wrote many books about the Wild West and Plains Indians. 

The American artist George Catlin made many drawings and paintings of Plains Indians. 


Wind It Up (Gwen Stefani song)

"Wind It Up" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani. It was released on August 5, 2006 as the lead single from Stefani's second studio album "The Sweet Escape". The song contains a sample from "The Lonely Goatherd" which was originally from "The Sound of Music".

In July 2005, Stefani began writing and recording material with Pharrell Williams in Miami, Florida for her album.

Many music critics did not like the yodeling that was featured in the song.

Stefani later said about the song:


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "The Sweet Escape".


Osage Nation

The Osage are a Midwestern Native American tribe of Plains Indians who historically ruled much of Arkansas, Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas. The tribe formerly lived in the areas in the Ohio and Mississippi valleys around 1,200 BC. They then began migrating west due to wars with the invading Iroquois. The term "Osage" is considered a French name for the tribe which roughly translates into "Mid-Waters". The Osage people refer to themselves in their own language as Wazhazhe.

At the height of their power in the early 18th century, the Osage had become the dominant power in the region. They were feared by neighboring tribes as ruthless and "savage" fighters. The Osage would often practice ritual scalping and beheading as military trophies. The tribe controlled the area between the Missouri and Red River to the South and were greatly dependent on nomadic buffalo hunting and farming.

The 19th-century painter George Catlin described the Osage as:
The missionary Isaac McCoy described the Osage as an "uncommonly fierce, courageous, warlike nation", and Washington Irving said they were the "finest looking Indians I have ever seen in the West."

The Osage originally lived among the Kansa, Ponca, Omaha, and Quapaw in the Ohio Valley. Researchers believed that the tribes likely developed differences in their languages and cultures after leaving the lower Ohio country. The Omaha and Ponca settled in the present-day area of Nebraska, the Kansa in Kansas, and the Quapaw in Arkansas.

The Osage are a federally recognized tribe. They were forced to move to Indian Territory in the 19th century, and have been based in Oklahoma. There are 9,400 descendants, 5,620 of which reside in the area surrounding Osage County. Members live both on the nations tribal land in Oklahoma and in other states around the country such as Kansas.

Isenthal

Isenthal is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .


Shielding effect

Shielding is when an electron becomes less attracted to other atoms the further it is away from the nucleus. This is because the forces holding atoms together become weaker as distance increases.

In a reactive metal like sodium, the single electron on an electron shell furthest from the nucleus is more likely to be lost in a reaction with another element. This is because less energy is needed to pull them away. Other elements with similar properties like potassium that are lower down on the periodic table than sodium will be even more likely to lose their furthest electron in a reaction. This is because of the addition of more electron shells between the nucleus and the furthest electron, increasing distance.

The shielding effect also happens with elements that have many electrons on their furthest electron shell, for example chlorine. In this case however, more energy is needed to give the atom an electron. The amount of energy needed is increased with the number electron shells around the nucleus of the atom, for example in elements further down the periodic table like [Bromine]].

Ádám Szalai

Ádám Csaba Szalai (born 9 December 1987) is a Hungarian former professional footballer who played as a forward.

Individual


Ackee

The ackee, ("Blighia sapida") is a fruit. It is related to the lychee and the longan. It is native to tropical West Africa. The scientific name honours Captain William Bligh who took the fruit from Jamaica to Kew Gardens, England in 1793.

The fruit was imported to Jamaica from West Africa before 1778. Since then it has become a feature of various Caribbean cuisines, and is cultivated elsewhere in the world.

Atchison, Kansas

Atchison is a city and county seat of Atchison County, Kansas, United States, and is along the Missouri River. As of the 2020 census, its population was 10,885. The city is named for David Rice Atchison, a United States senator from Missouri. It was the original eastern starting point of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. Aviator Amelia Earhart was born there. The Amelia Earhart Festival is held every year in July. Atchison is also home of Benedictine College, a Catholic liberal-arts college.

Atchison was founded in 1854. It was named for Senator David Rice Atchison, who, when Kansas was opened for settlement, interested some of his friends in the scheme of forming a city in the new territory. Senator Atchison was interested in making sure that the population of the new Kansas Territory would be mainly pro-slavery. He had been a prominent promoter of both slavery and the idea of popular sovereignty over the issue in the new lands. However, it seems that all were not agreed upon the location he had selected. On July 20, 1854, Dr. John H. Stringfellow, Ira Norris, Leonidas Oldham, James B. Martin and Neal Owens left Platte City, Missouri, to decide definitely upon a site. They found a site that was the natural outlet of a remarkably rich agricultural region just open to settlement. Eighteen persons were present when the town company was formally organized by electing Peter T. Abell, president. James Burns was elected treasurer. Dr. Stringfellow was elected the town secretary.

At the outbreak of the American Civil War there were three militia companies organized in Atchison. They joined other Kansas regiments. They were known as Companies A, C and “At All Hazards”. Early in September 1861, a home guard was organized in the town to protect it in case of invasion from Missouri. On the 15th of the month another company was raised, which later became a state regiment. In 1863 the city of Atchison raised $4,000 to assist the soldiers from the county. After the Lawrence Massacre a like sum was raised to assist the stricken people of that city. Citizens of the town also joined the vigilance committees that aided the civil authorities in protection against raiding and the lawless bands of thieves that infested the border counties.

During the war, Atchison was also the headquarters of numerous bands of jayhawkers. This included the notorious Charles Metz, who was known as "Cleveland". Metz, a former prisoner at the Missouri State Penitentiary, selected Atchison as his headquarters for raids into Missouri. He was accepted with open arms by the people of the town. During his period of operations, he stole hundreds of horses from Missouri farmers and sold them in Kansas. He robbed any suspected southern sympathizer and threatened several leading citizens with murder and robbery if they remained in town. He even ran off the first president of Atchison, P.T. Abell, who was forced into exile until after the Civil War ended. He defied all authorities but was finally shot and killed at some point in 1862. He is buried in St. Joseph, Missouri.

Gadmen

Gadmen was a municipality in the administrative district Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Gadmen merged into the municipality of Innertkirchen.


New York Tribune

The New-York Tribune was an American newspaper. It was founded by Horace Greeley as a Whig Party newspaper in April 1841. Between 1842 and 1866, the newspaper was called the New-York Daily Tribune. The tribune not only reported the news, it covered subjects such as politics, literary works, social reform and intellectual achievements. Greeley, through the Tribune, supported the beginnings of Republican Party. In 1860 the "Tribune" supported Abraham Lincoln as President of the United States and during the Civil War. However, the paper opposed his reelection in 1864. For some time the paper had the largest circulation in the United States. The "Tribune's" editorials were widely read and helped shape national opinion. In 1924 it was merged with the "New York Herald" to form the "New York Herald Tribune". It remained a major US daily newspaper until it ended publication in 1966.


Gals

Gals () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Pawnee people

The Pawnee are a Native American Plains Indians tribe. They lived mainly in what is now Nebraska and Kansas. Unlike other tribes of the Great Plains, they were semi-nomadic people. They were hunters and farmers. The Pawnee farmed for most of the year and lived in earth lodges. During the buffalo hunting season, they lived in tepees so they could follow the herds. In the early 1800s their main village was on the south side of the Platte River (Nebraska). They raised crops including beans, corn, pumpkins, squashes and sunflowers. The powerful Pawnee tribe had four individual bands. These were the Chaui (Grand), the Kitkehaki (Republican Pawnees), Pitahauerat (Tapage Pawnees) and the Skidi (Loup or Wolf Pawnees). They were a fierce people who used war paint and tattoos to intimidate their enemies. The Pawnee took scalps in battle. Pawnee war parties often rode out on scalping missions against other tribes. The Pawnee also practiced human sacrifice. Most often this took the form of ritually killing a young captive girl in a five-day ceremony. She was sacrificed to the Morning Star. The last known ritual killing was of a girl in the mid-18th century. The Pawnee were the largest tribe to have lived in Nebraska. They were one of the earliest tribes to come to the area. Estimates are that there were between 10,000 and 12,000 Pawnee in Nebraska by 1800. They had little to fear from their enemies because they were a large tribe. But smallpox and other diseases aswell as warfare with the Sioux reduced their numbers significantly in the early 1800s. They were finally removed to Oklahoma in the 1870s.


Eagle nebula

The Eagle nebula is a young open cluster of stars in the constellation Serpens. 

The nebula is catalogued as Messier 16 (M16), and as NGC 6611. It is also called the Star Queen nebula and The Spire. These last names refer to visual impressions of the dark patch near the center of the nebula. This is called the "Pillars of Creation". It was photographed by the Hubble Space Telescope. The nebula contains several active star-forming gas and dust regions, including the Pillars of Creation.

William Adams

William Adams (24 September 1564 – 16 May 1620), was an English navigator. He was the first Englishman to visit Japan.

He was born in Gillingham, Kent, England. William's father died when his at age 12. He apprenticed to a shipwright, and studied shipbuilding, astronomy, and navigation. He joined the Royal Navy during Anglo-Spanish War. He served in the Royal Navy under Sir Francis Drake. He became a pilot for the Barbary Company, a trading company established by Queen Elizabeth I of England.

In 1598, Adams shipped as pilot major with a five-ship fleet. The fleet was owned by a company of Rotterdam merchants (Dutch East India Company). The fleet went from the isle of Texel, North Holland to the Eastern world.

New England Emigrant Aid Company

The New England Emigrant Aid Company (est.1854), originally the Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Company, was a transportation company in Boston, Massachusetts. It was created to bring immigrants to the Kansas Territory. This was done to make sure Kansas would become a free state. The company was created by Eli Thayer, a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, over a month before the Kansas-Nebraska Act was passed in 1854. This act allowed the population of Kansas Territory to choose for themselves whether or not slavery would be legal. The concept was called popular sovereignty.

The company was chartered in Massachusetts and started with a capital of $5 million. Thayer's plan was to play on antislavery sentiment in the Northern United States. At the time there was a very delicate balance between slave states and free states. The Company send settlers to Kansas to buy land and build houses, shops and mills. The settlers could then sell the land at a significant profit and send the money back to Thayer and his investors. Because several investors found the idea of profiting from the antislavery cause unpleasant, the company's model was shifted to that of a benevolent society. The name was changed to the New England Emigrant Aid Company in 1855. The Company never made a profit or made a significant impact on the population of Kansas. But, it caused Border Ruffians from nearby Missouri, where slavery was legal, to move to Kansas in order to ensure its admission to the Union as a slave state. This in turn further galvanized Free-Staters and abolitionists to act. To protect the settlers they sent, the Company secretly sent armed men and Sharps rifles to Kansas. The rifles were sent in crates marked "books" and "Bibles". This played a part in what would become Bleeding Kansas.

Gampelen

Gampelen () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is not be confused with the municipality Gampel in the canton of Valais.


2012 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A

The 2012 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A (known as the Brasileirão Petrobras 2012 for sponsorship reasons) was the 56th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top-level of professional football in Brazil. Corinthians come in as the defending champions having won the title in the 2011 season. On 11 November 2012, Fluminense won the title for the fourth time.

Kansas Territory

The Territory of Kansas was a territory of the United States that existed from May 30, 1854, until January 29, 1861. This was when the eastern portion of the territory was admitted to the Union as the state of Kansas.

The territory extended from the Missouri border west to the summit of the Rocky Mountains. North-south it ran from the 37th parallel north to the 40th parallel north. Much of the eastern region of what is now the State of Colorado was part of Kansas Territory. The western region of the former Kansas Territory, the Territory of Colorado, was created on February 28, 1861.

Kansas Territory was established by the Kansas–Nebraska Act. The Kansas–Nebraska Act became a law on May 30, 1854, establishing the Nebraska Territory and Kansas Territory. The Act repealed the Missouri Compromise of 1820 which marked a line of latitude to be the separation of free and slave states. The Kansas-Nebraska Act allowed the settlers of Kansas Territory to determine by popular sovereignty whether Kansas would be a free state or a slave state. The Act contained thirty-seven sections. The provisions relating to Kansas Territory formed the last eighteen sections. Some of the more notable sections were:

Within a few days after the passage of the Kansas–Nebraska Act, hundreds of Missourians (also called Border Ruffians) crossed into Kansas territory. Many selected a section of land and voted in a meeting or meetings. This was intending to appear there was a pro-slavery majority in this region. In fact, each side became a majority back and forth.

As early as June 10, 1854, the Missourians held a meeting at Salt Creek Valley, a trading post west from Fort Leavenworth, at which a "Squatter's Claim Association" was organized. In newspaper articles they said they were in favor of making Kansas a slave state "if it should require half the citizens of Missouri, musket in hand, to emigrate there, and even sacrifice their lives in accomplishing so desirable an end." In another paper they warned: "The abolitionists will probably not be interrupted if they settle north of the fortieth parallel of north latitude, but south of that line, and within Kansas Territory they need not set foot. It is decreed by the people who live adjacent that their institutions are to be established, and candor compels us to advise accordingly."

During the long debate before the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act, planning had already started for emigrants from the free states to settle in the territory. The largest organization created for this purpose was the New England Emigrant Aid Company, organized by Eli Thayer. Emigration from the free states, including New England, Iowa, Ohio, and other Midwestern states, flowed into the territory beginning in 1854. These emigrants were known as Free-Staters. Because Missourians had claimed much of the land closest to the border, the Free-Staters were forced to establish settlements further into Kansas Territory. Among these were Lawrence, Topeka, and Manhattan.

Abolitionists, like Free-Staters, did not want Kansas to become a slave state. They wanted to get rid of slavery permanently in the United States. Abolitionists also believed “all men are created equal.” Unlike Free-Staters, they wanted equal rights for blacks. The official Free-State line supported the idea of excluding "all" Black people from the state of Kansas. While they didn't have slaves themselves most were prejudiced against black people believing the popular idea they were inferior. Most of the settlers seemed to want free soil for white people only. Eventually they compromised with Free-Staters to prevent slavery in Kansas.

The first territorial appointments were made in June and July 1854. The officers appointed by President Franklin Pierce. They were confirmed by the United States Senate. The first governor was Democrat Andrew Horatio Reeder. Reeder was completely in sympathy with the pro-slavery southerners. He took the oath of office in Washington, DC on July 7, 1854. He arrived in Kansas on October 7, the same year. Reeder became one of the most active land speculators in the territory. In 1855, this conflict of interest finally got him fired as governor by President Pierce.

On March 30, 1855 "Border Ruffians" from Missouri entered Kansas during the territory's first legislative election and voted in a pro-slavery Territorial Legislature. This was called the "Bogus Legislature" because of the widespread claims of election fraud. Antislavery candidates prevailed in one election district, the future Riley County.

The first session of the legislature was held in Pawnee, Kansas (within the boundary of modern-day Fort Riley) at the request of Governor Reeder. He chose it for several reasons, not the least of which was he was an investor in the city. The two-story stone building still stands and is open to the public as the first Territorial Capitol of Kansas. The building remained as the seat of the legislature for five days from July 2–6, 1855, then moved nearer Missouri to the Shawnee Methodist Mission.

The last legislative act of the Territorial Legislature was the approval of the charter for the College of the Sisters of Bethany. This was February 2, 1861—four days after James Buchanan signed the act of Congress that officially brought Kansas into the Union.

James H. Lane joined the Free-State movement in 1855 and became president the Topeka Constitutional Convention from October 23 to November 11, 1855. He was later a leader of "Jayhawkers". The first Free-state mass-meeting was in Lawrence on the evening of June 8, 1855. Missourians were charged with voter fraud, ballot-box stuffing, and the "Bogus Legislature" which does not represent the legal voters of this Territory.

It was claimed that some Missourians had used violence toward the persons and property of the inhabitants of the Kansas Territory. It was agreed that Kansas should be a free State. Also that Missourians in the late Kansas election were a gross outrage on the elective franchise and rights of freemen. They were also charged with violating popular sovereignty. Those attending did not feel bound to obey any laws made by the illegitimate legislature.

The violent period following the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act is called Bleeding Kansas. Pro-slavery Missourians rushed in to claim land and push for the state to become a slave state. Free-Staters and abolitionists poured into Kansas from New England, Ohio, Iowa, and other midwestern states. In a short time they outnumbered the pro-slavery faction. However, when elections were held in Kansas Territory, bands of armed Ruffians seized polling places. They prevented Free-State men from voting, and they cast illegal votes. There was violence on both sides. Border Ruffians also engaged in general violence against Free-State settlements. They burned farms and sometimes murdered Free-State men. Ruffians twice attacked Lawrence, Kansas, the Free-State capital. On 1 December 1855, a small army of mainly Border Ruffians laid siege to Lawrence, but were driven off. (This was the nearly bloodless climax to the "Wakarusa War".) On 21 May 1856, an even larger force of Border Ruffians and pro-slavery Kansans captured Lawrence, which they sacked. In retaliation, John Brown and 7 followers committed the Pottawatomie massacre. In this incident, Brown and his followers dragged five unarmedmen and boys from their houses and murdered with swords, guns and knives. This only increased the violence leading to the Battle of Osawatomie where the abolitionists of Osawatomie were attacked and the town burned.

Gelterfingen

Gelterfingen was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Gelterfingen, Mühledorf and Noflen merged into the municipality of Kirchdorf.

Gerzensee

Gerzensee is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

The town is named after its lake: Gerzensee.


Realp

Realp is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .


Golaten

Golaten was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the former municipality of Golaten merged into the municipality of Kallnach.

Gondiswil

Gondiswil (Dialect: "Gumiswil") is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Schattdorf

Schattdorf is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. Around 5,000 people live in Schattdorf. It has an area of .

Seedorf, Uri

Seedorf is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. Around 1,500 people live in Seedorf, Uri. It has an area of . On 1 January 2021, Bauen became a part of Seedorf.


Seelisberg

Seelisberg is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .


Club de Regatas Vasco da Gama

Club de Regatas Vasco da Gama also known as Vasco da Gama or simply Vasco, is a Brazilian professional sports club based in Rio de Janeiro, in the neighborhood of São Cristovão. Although it competes in a number of different sports, Vasco is mostly known for its football team.


LDU Quito

Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito (also called Liga de Quito or just Liga) is an Ecuadorian association football club based in Quito, Ecuador. The team currently play in the Ecuadorian Serie A and was founded on 11 January 1930. LDU Quito is one of the most successful Ecuadorian teams, winning 9 regional titles, 12 national titles, and 5 international titles. They were runners-up in the 2008 FIFA Club World Cup as well.


Central Italy

Central Italy ( or just ) is one of the five official statistical regions of Italy used by the National Institute of Statistics (ISTAT), a NUTS1 level region.

Central Italy borders to the northwest with Liguria (Northwest Italy); to the northeast with San Marino and Emilia-Romagna (Northeast Italy); to the south with Abruzzo, Molise and Campania (South Italy).

The Adriatic Sea is to the east and the Tyrrhenian Sea and the Ligurian Sea to the west.

The Apennines are mountain ranges that go across Central Italy. The highest point, in the region, is Monte Vettore () that is high. The main rivers are the Arno and Tiber rivers. The largest lakes are Trasimeno, Bolsena and Bracciano.

Central Italy encompasses four of the 20 regions of Italy, including 41 provinces and 985 comuniː

As geographical region, however, Central Italy also includes the regions of Abruzzo and Molise, which are usually part of Southern Italy for historical reasonsː both were part of the southern Kingdom of the Two Sicilies

The "comuni" with more than 100,000 persons living in them areː


Chinese Super League

The Chinese Football Association Super League (Chinese: "中国足球协会超级联赛"; Pinyin: "Zhōngguó Zúqiú Xiéhuì Chāojí Liánsài"; usually called Chinese Super League ("中超联赛") or CSL; and known as Ping An Chinese Football Association Super League for sponsorship reasons) is the highest tier of professional association football in China. It is controlled by the Chinese Football Association.

The league was created in 2004 and replaced the "Chinese Football Association Jia-A League".

Currently, 16 teams play in the league. The Chinese Super League has been won by 7 teams: Shanghai Shenhua, Shenzhen Jianlibao, Dalian Shide, Shandong Luneng, Changchun Yatai, Beijing Guoan, and Guangzhou Evergrande.

In 1994, the Chinese Jia-A League became the country's first professional football league. People in the Chinese Football Association began to talk about creating a new league in late-2000. In 2002, the CFA made a decision to establish the Chinese Super League, which started in 2004.

The following table shows who won the league and when.


Queen Ratna of Nepal

Ratna Rajya Lakshmi Devi Shah (born 19 August 1928) was Queen consort of Nepal from 1955 to 1972 and Queen Mother from 1972 to 2008 when the royal family were removed of all titles and privileges.

She is the second wife of King Mahendra of Nepal (1920–1972). Queen Ratna belongs to the aristocratic Rana family. She is the daughter of late Honorary General Hari Shamsher Jang Bahadur Rana and his wife, Megha Kumari Rajya Lakshmi.


Jo Cox

Helen Joanne "Jo" Cox (née Leadbeater; 22 June 1974 – 16 June 2016) was an English UK Labour Party politician. She was the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Batley and Spen from her election in May 2015 until her assassination in June 2016. She won the seat with an increased majority for Labour in the 2015 general election. She also worked at humanitarian organisation Oxfam.

On 16 June 2016, Cox was shot and stabbed many times in Birstall, where she had been holding a small meeting with her constituents. Cox was left in critical condition and she died from her injuries about an hour later at the age of 41. A 52-year-old man was arrested after the attack.

Adolph Cornelis van Bruggen

Adolph Cornelis 'Dolf' van Bruggen (9 July 1929 – 3 June 2016) was a Dutch malacologist, entomologist and botanist. His works were about the tropics and tropical Africa. His career lasted over 50 years. He was an expert especially in the land snail families Streptaxidae, Achatinidae and Maizaniidae. As of 2008, he had written some 655 scientific publications.


Gil Bartosh

Gilbert C. Bartosh, Sr. (May 21, 1930 – June 4, 2016) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at the University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP) from 1974 to 1975, with a record of 6–28.

He was born in Granger, Texas. He died in Liberty Hill, Texas, aged 86.

Villefranche-d'Albigeois

Villefranche-d'Albigeois is a commune in the Tarn department of France.


Sulabha Deshpande

Sulabha (or Sulbha) Deshpande (; 1937 – 4 June 2016) was an Indian movie, theatre and television actress and theatre director. She was known for her roles in "Bhumika" (1977), "Arvind Desai Ki Ajeeb Dastaan" (1978) and "Gaman" (1978).

Deshpande died on 4 June 2016 from a long-illness in Mumbai at the age of 78 or 79.


Villefranche

Villefranche may refer to:


Antti Hyry

Antti Kalevi Hyry (20 October 1931 – 4 June 2016) was a Finnish writer. He won the Eino Leino Prize in 2005. For his 2009 book "Uuni" ("Oven"), Hyry won the Finlandia Prize, Finland's premier prize for literature.

Hyry was born in Kuivaniemi. He is married to Maija Hyry. He died in Espoo, aged 84.

Lois Duncan

Lois Duncan Steinmetz (April 28, 1934 – June 15, 2016), known as Lois Duncan, was an American writer of children's books. She was best known for young-adult novels of suspense. She wrote two early novels under the pen name Lois Kerry.

Duncan won the 1992 Margaret Edwards Award from the American Library Association for her contribution in writing for teens.

On June 15, 2016, at the age of 82, Duncan died at home in South Sarasota, Florida from complications of a stroke.

Iron ore

Iron ores are rocks and minerals from which metallic iron can be got. 

Ores with high quantities of hematite or magnetite (more than about 60% iron) are known as "natural ore" or "direct shipping ore". They can be fed directly into iron-making blast furnaces.

Iron (Fe) is one of the most abundant rock-forming elements. It makes up about 5% of the Earth's crust. It is the second most abundant and widely distributed metal (Aluminium is the most common). People have used it for more than 3,000 years. However, its use only became widespread in the 14th century, when smelting furnaces (the forerunner of blast furnaces) began to replace forges.

Iron is made in the runaway fusion and explosion of type Ia supernovae. It was picked up as the Sun moved through areas where supernovae had exploded. All higher elements on Earth have this origin.

Iron is abundant on the ancient continents, but not so on island chains formed by volcanoes (Japan, Hawaii). That reflects the difference between the continental crust (which has many rare and common elements), and the island chains formed by volcanism (oceanic islands). They have basalt, and very little else. Islands which were once part of a supercontinent usually carry heavy element ore. The classic example is the British Isles, which are a snapped-off part of the large ancient continent, the Old Red Sandstone Continent (Larussia). Consequently, the British Isles has a very wide range of metallic ores, whereas Hawaii and the Japanese archopelago do not.

The main source of ore for the steel used in modern Japan comes from Western Australia.

The ores are usually rich in iron oxides and vary in colour from dark grey, bright yellow, deep purple, to rusty red. 


Beijing Guoan F.C.

Beijing Guoan F.C. (Chinese: 北京国安; Pinyin: "Běijīng Guó'ān") is a Chinese professional association football club based in the Chaoyang District of Beijing, China. The club currently plays in the Chinese Super League. Beijing Guoan also plays in the Workers' Stadium (which has a capacity of 66,161 people).

The club was formed professionally on 29 December 1992 as the Beijing Football Club, and they have won many titles since.

All-time honours list including semi-professional Beijing period.




Shandong Taishan F.C.

Shandong Luneng Taishan Football Club (Chinese: 山东鲁能泰山;Traditional Chinese: 山東魯能泰山; Pinyin: "Shāndōng Lǔnéng Tàishān") is a Chinese professional association football club based in Jinan, Shandong, China. The club currently plays in the Chinese Super League. Shandong Luneng Taishan also plays in the Jinan Olympic Sports Center Stadium (which has a seating capacity of 56,808 people).

The club was formed professionally on 2 December 1993 and was previously called the Shandong Provincial team. The club has since won many domestic titles.




2015 Chinese Super League

The 2015 Ping An Chinese Football Association Super League (Chinese: 2015中国平安中国足球协会超级联赛) was the 12th Chinese Super League season and was won by Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao.

Below shows the results of the tournament.

Graben, Switzerland

Graben, Switzerland is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Baumgarten, Burach, Gsoll, Hubel, Kleinholz, Schörlishäusern, Schwendi and Stadönz.


Grafenried, Switzerland

Grafenried was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Grafenried, Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Limpach, Mülchi, Schalunen and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Haute-Ajoie

Haute-Ajoie is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Chevenez, Damvant, Réclère and Roche-d'Or merged into the new municipality of Haute-Ajoie. On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Rocourt merged into the municipality of Haute-Ajoie.


Silenen

Silenen is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .

Amsteg, Bristen, Dägerlohn, Dörfli, Maderanerthal, Ried and Rusli.


Sisikon

Sisikon is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .Sisikon, the gateway to Canton Uri, lies on the delta of the Riemenstalderbach stream on the eastern shore of the Urnersee, the southernmost arm of the Vierwaldstättersee. 


Spiringen

Spiringen is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .


Unterschächen

Unterschächen is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It is in the upper Schächental. It has an area of .
Urigen, Schwanden, Schwandenbergen, Brunni and Klausenpass.


Wassen

Wassen is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .


Cyrus K. Holliday

Cyrus Kurtz Holliday (April 3, 1826 – March 29, 1900) was a prominent Kansas businessman who was part of the free-state movement during the period called Bleeding Kansas. Holliday was one of the founders of the city of Topeka, Kansas and was its first president. He was also the founder of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. He served in the Kansas Senate. Holliday was president of the Merchants National Bank and also the Excelsior Coke and Gas Company, both of Topeka. In 1890, he was the president of the Kansas State Historical Society. In 2012, Holliday was inducted into the Kansas State Hall of Fame.

Holliday was born near Carlisle, Pennsylvania on April 3, 1826. His parents were David and Mary (Kennedy) Holliday. Holliday attended public school and in 1852 graduated from Allegheny College in Meadville, Pennsylvania. He intended to become a lawyer but instead became a businessman. Holliday made a considerable profit of $20,000 in a short-line railroad in Pennsylvania.

In 1854, when Kansas Territory was opened up for settlement, he became one of the first settlers. His wife, Mary Dillon Jones, remained behind in Pennsylvania until after the birth of their two children, Lillie and Charles. Holliday settled first at Lawrence, Kansas and became active in the Free State movement. Believing Kansas would become a free state, he and several business associates decided to establish the town of Topeka as the capital of the new state of Kansas. He was Topeka's delegate to the Wyandotte Constitutional Convention in July 1859. That same year he was elected to the first of several terms as mayor of Topeka. He helped found the Kansas Republican Party. Holliday was a member of both the territorial and state legislatures.

He obtained a charter for a new railroad to run from Atchison, Kansas to the state capital at Topeka in 1859. In 1863, Holliday decided to extend the railroad along the route of the Santa Fe Trail to Santa Fe, New Mexico. Once there he intended it to go all the way to the Pacific Ocean in California. The name of the railroad was changed to the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad Company (AT&SF). A severe drought followed by the Civil War starting in 1861 prevented the railroad from making much progress. The line was completed through Kansas by December 1872. By 1880, the line was completed to Santa Fe. The railroad experienced hardships in 1893 and almost had to declare bankruptcy. Holliday was able to refinance and reorganize the railroad. He remained president of AT&SF until his death on March 31, 1900.

In 1855, he supervised a regiment of Free-Staters in the Wakarusa War during the violent period known as Bleeding Kansas. For this he was given the honorary title of colonel which he used for the rest of his life. During the Civil War he served as the adjutant general of Kansas.


Jerry Cantrell

Jerry Fulton Cantrell Jr. (born March 18, 1966) is an American singer. He is best known as the lead guitarist of the rock band Alice in Chains. He was born in Tacoma, Washington.

Grandval, Switzerland

Grandval is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Sean Kinney

Sean Howard Kinney (born May 27, 1966) is an American musician. He is best known as the drummer of the rock band Alice in Chains. He was born in Renton, Washington.

Alvaschein

Alvaschein () is a former municipality of the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Alvaschein, Alvaneu, Brienz/Brinzauls, Mon, Stierva, Surava and Tiefencastel merged into the new municipality of Albula/Alvra.


Andeer

Andeer () is a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
On 1 January 2009 the former municipalities of Clugin and Pignia merged into the municipality of Andeer.


Grossaffoltern

Grossaffoltern is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Ammerzwil, Kaltenbrunnen, Kosthofen, Ottiswil, Suberg, Vorimholz and Weingarten.


This Is What You Came For

"This Is What You Came For" is a song written and produced by Scottish DJ Calvin Harris. It features Rihanna. The song was released on May 1, 2016, via digital outlets. The song has reached number one in Canada and Australia, number two in the United Kingdom, and the top five in the United States. In the U.S., "This Is What You Came For" entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart at number nine. It later reached number three there and was certified triple-Platinum by the RIAA. The song is Rihanna's 28th top-ten song in the U.S. The song reached number 17 on the year-end Hot 100 of 2016 in the US.

Harris' ex-girlfriend, American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, co-wrote the song under the name Nils Sjöberg. BMI, which publishes a list of songwriting credits, changed the name to Swift's real name.

The music video for the song was released at midnight (Eastern daylight time) on June 17, 2016. It shows Rihanna wearing a black ponytail and a large gray sweater. She dances inside of a white cube with changing backgrounds. The scenes of fields are similar to those that are in the music video for "We Found Love", which is also a collaboration between Rihanna and Harris. Some critics viewed the changing colors and cube background to be similar to the music video for Canadian rapper Drake's 2015 single "Hotline Bling".

The music video won the award for Best Male Video at the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards on August 28, 2016.

Grosshöchstetten

Grosshöchstetten is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Schlosswil merged into the municipality of Grosshöchstetten.

Gsteig bei Gstaad

Gsteig bei Gstaad is a municipality in the administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Hotel for Dogs

Hotel for Dogs (1971) is a children's novel by Lois Duncan. It was made into a movie of the same name by Nickelodeon Movies for DreamWorks Pictures. When the book was originally released in 1971, Andi's name was Liz, and Friday's name was Sadie. The book was re-released December 1, 2008, to promote the movie with the names changed.

Two sequels were released: "News for Dogs" in 2009 and "Movie for Dogs" in 2010.

Exothermic reaction

An exothermic reaction is a chemical reaction where the substances reacting release energy as heat. An example of this is combustion. Exothermic reactions transfer energy to the surroundings. The reaction that does the opposite (it absorbs heat) is an endothermic reaction.

The energy is usually transferred as heat energy, causing the reaction mixture and its surroundings to become hotter. The temperature increase can be detected using a thermometer, and the thermal energy by a calorimeter. Some examples of exothermic reactions are: 


Endothermic reaction

An endothermic reaction is a chemical reaction that takes in energy from the surroundings. The opposite of an endothermic reaction is an exothermic reaction. Reversible reactions are where the products can react to remake the original reactants. The energy is usually transferred as heat energy: the reaction absorbs heat. The temperature decrease can sometimes be detected using a thermometer. Some examples of endothermic reactions are:


Banana split

A banana split is a type of dessert. It is made with ice cream, sliced bananas, and usually toppings. The toppings often include flavored sauces, whipped cream, nuts, and most notably a cherry on top of the dessert.

One banana split has 893 calories.

There are a few different stories about the first banana split. People in Chicago, Illinois; Cincinnati, Ohio; and Wilmington, Ohio say that the first banana split was made in their city. However, most people say that David "Doc" Strickler made the first banana split in the city of Latrobe, Pennsylvania in 1904. He sold the first banana splits for ten cents. Many students at St. Vincent College, a school in Latrobe, liked the banana splits and told their friends in other cities about them. After a few years, the banana split was popular in many cities in the United States. 

List of comuni of the Province of Ancona

The following is a list of the 47 "comuni" of the Province of Ancona, Marche, in Italy.

Hawthorn Football Club

Hawthorn Football Club, known as the "Hawks", is a team in the Australian Football League. They won four premierships in 2008, 2013, 2014 and 2015. Their home ground is the Melbourne Cricket Ground. The coach Alastair Clarkson, is a former student at Ballarat and Clarendon College.

<poem>
"We're a happy team at Hawthorn"
"We're the Mighty Fighting Hawks."
"We love our club and we play to win,"
"Riding the bumps with a grin at Hawthorn."
"Come what may, you'll find us striving"
"Team work is the thing that talks,"
"One for all and all for one"
"Is the way we play at Hawthorn."
"We are the Mighty Fighting Hawks."
</poem>

Andiast

Andiast was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Andiast and Waltensburg/Vuorz merged into the municipality of Breil/Brigels.


Ardez

Ardez () is a former municipality of the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Ardez, Ftan, Guarda, Sent and Tarasp merged into the municipality of Scuol.


Arosa

Arosa is a municipality and a ski resort in the district of Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Calfreisen, Castiel, Langwies, Lüen, Molinis, Peist and St. Peter-Pagig merged into the municipality of Arosa.


Gsteigwiler

Gsteigwiler is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Guggisberg

Guggisberg (Bernese German: "Guggishbärg" []) is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Arvigo

Arvigo was a municipality in the district of Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Arvigo, Braggio, Cauco and Selma merged into the new municipality of Calanca.

Eli Thayer

Eli Thayer (June 11, 1819 – April 15, 1899) was an educator, reformer, legislator and founder of the New England Emigrant Aid Company. He was instrumental in the politics of Kansas during the period known as Bleeding Kansas. When Congress passed the Kansas–Nebraska Act in 1854, the question of whether Kansas would become a slave-state or free state was left to the voters of Kansas. pro-slavery supporters, abolitionists and free-staters all rushed to settle in the Kansas Territory. All were trying to gain power so as to determine the status of slavery in Kansas. Thayer is best known for his work in the New England Emigrant Aid Company. Their purpose was to rush as many Free-Staters as possible to settle in Kansas. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1857 to 1861. After serving in Congress Thayer became a businessman. Thayer died in Worcester, Massachusetts on April 15, 1899.

Thayer was born in Mendon, Massachusetts on June 11, 1819. He attended the local public school, then Bellingham High School. He attended the Academy of Amherst and in 1840 graduated from Worcester Academy. In 1845 he graduated from Brown University as salutatorian. Thayer returned to his college preparatory school, Worcester Academy, to teach.

He was soon promoted to headmaster. From 1847 through 1849, Thayer was the principal of the academy. In 1849 he left Worcester Academy to found a women's college, Oread College (now Oread Institute).

Thayer had been admitted to the Massachusetts Bar Association, but never practiced law. He was an alderman in Worcester from 1852 to 1853. He was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1853 and 1854. While there he devised and obtained a charter for the New England Emigrant Aid Company. The purpose of the company was to finance people from New England to settle in Kansas. Under the popular sovereignty doctrine they could vote it free of slavery if and when it became a state. Thayer received a percentage of all the money collected by the company.

Thayer was elected as a Republican to the U.S. House of Representatives where he served two terms (March 4, 1857-March 3, 1861). He was an unsuccessful candidate for election to Congress in 1872.

Thayer and his New England Emigrant Aid Company played a key role in the border war on the Kansas-Missouri border that became known as Bleeding Kansas. The term was coined by Horace Greeley of the "New York Tribune". It described the violence happening in the Kansas territory during the mid to late 1850s.

The Missouri Compromise of 1820 was an agreement that slavery to be banned from the Louisiana Territory north of the parallel 36 degrees 30' north (also known as the Missouri Compromise Line), except within the boundaries of the proposed state of Missouri. It admitted Missouri as a slave state to please the South and it also admitted Maine as a free state to please the North. When the Kansas-Nebraska Act was passed in 1854, it reversed the Missouri Compromise and caused a wave of resentment in the North. Northerners believed it would cause Missourians to cross the border into the Kansas Territory and take all the good land leaving nothing for northern settlers. Northerners were pessimistic about the slavery issue. The President, his Cabinet, both Houses of Congress and the Supreme Court of the United States were all pro-slavery. It was considered almost certain that slavery would dominate the United States.

Thayer promoted the idea of “business antislavery”. The idea behind Thayer's Emigrant Aid Company was to level the playing field with the southern pro-slavery advocates. The company was chartered under the laws of Massachusetts for the purpose of "assisting emigrants to settle in the West." Thayer's idea worked to both settle New Englanders in Kansas to prevent slavery and to remove the surplus of New Englanders and Immigrants. The plan was for settlers to start new businesses that would profit the company. The towns of Lawrence, Topeka, Manhattan and Osawatomie, Kansas were all settled by or with help from the Emigrant Aid Company. Thayer realized there was more money available in the North than in the South. By forming the Company he felt settlers would be well rewarded with the "comforts of civilization". The company would be well rewarded with a good dividend on their investments. It was a win-win situation. He thought once Kansas was free, their attentions could be turned south and colonize it in a similar manner. By investing in the Company it would be the "snort of the steam engine instead of the crack of the blacksnake (whip)". Thayer's slogan became "Saw-mills and Liberty!" and was widely proclaimed in the New England press. Between 1854 and 1856, Thayer's Company sent about 2,000 emigrants to Kansas Territory. By May 1857 many members of the Company felt it had reached its goals in Kansas. Thayer began other projects. He helped found the free labor colony of Ceredo, Virginia (now West Virginia). But after John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry many investors and potential settlers were scared away. The outbreak of the Civil War ended the project.

In the North, Thayer was credited with helping to make Kansas a slave-free state. He was also called a villain by others for having caused the bloodshed and violence that followed sending immigrants to Kansas. In the South, the company was often called "Eli Thayer & Co.," and a price was placed on Thayer's head in more than one place. In Missouri and the South, Thayer was charged with the "crime" of making Kansas a free state. In 1887, Thayer wrote a book "A History of the Kansas Crusade: Its Friends and Its Foes" where he claimed a good deal of the credit for Kansas becoming free of slavery.


Gündlischwand

Gündlischwand is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Breggia, Switzerland

Breggia is a new municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was created on 25 October 2009 when the former municipalities of Bruzella, Cabbio, Caneggio, Morbio Superiore, Muggio and Sagno merged to form the new municipality of Breggia.


Cugnasco-Gerra

Cugnasco-Gerra is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2008, the former municipalities of Cugnasco and Gerra (Verzasca) merged into the new municipality of Cugnasco-Gerra.


The Sweet Escape (song)

"The Sweet Escape" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani. It is from her second studio album of the same name. It was written by Stefani, Akon, and Giorgio Tuinfort. Akon was featured on the song and also produced and created the songs beat. As both Stefani and Akon wrote the song, Stefani was surprised how the song ended up as it was a doo-wop song and not a hip hop song.


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "The Sweet Escape".


Masada

Masada (in Hebrew: מצדה - metsada means: fortress) is an archaeological site, and a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Masada is an ancient fortification in the Southern District of Israel. It is on top of an isolated rock plateau, like a mesa. The rock is on the east of the Judaean Desert, and overlooks the Dead Sea.

Herod the Great fortified Masada between 37 and 31 BC, and built palaces for himself on the mountain. 

According to Josephus, the Sicarii, a splinter group of the Hebrew Zealots, held out against a Roman legion here. This was the Siege of Masada at the end of the First Jewish–Roman War. The seige ended in the mass suicide of 960 people – the rebels and their families.

The hill is 63 meters above the sea level and 450 above the dead sea level near Mount Elazar. 


Cave of the Patriarchs

The Cave of the Patriarchs, also called the Cave of Machpelah (Hebrew: מערת המכפלה, " ", trans. "cave of the double tombs") and known by Muslims as the Sanctuary of Abraham or the Ibrahimi Mosque (, "") is an archaeological site in Hebron, Israel. According to the Jewish tradition it is the site of the graves of Abraham and Sarah, Isaac and Rebecca, Jacob and Leah. These graves have been buried under a church built in the Byzantine Period in Israel, and which is now used as a mosque.


Dongio

Dongio is a village and former municipality in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

In 2004 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Castro, Corzoneso, Largario, Leontica, Lottigna, Marolta, Ponto Valentino and Prugiasco to form a new and larger municipality of Acquarossa.

Leontica

Leontica is a village and municipality in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

In 2004 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Castro, Corzoneso, Dongio, Largario, Lottigna, Marolta, Ponto Valentino and Prugiasco to form a new and larger municipality of Acquarossa.

Fusio

Fusio is a village and former municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

In 2004 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Broglio, Brontallo, Menzonio, Peccia and Prato-Sornico to form a new and larger municipality of Lavizzara.

Pottawatomie massacre

The Pottawatomie massacre happened on the night of May 24, 1856. John Brown and a number of volunteer Free-Staters attacked and murdered five men in a small settlement on the Pottawatomie Creek near Osawatomie, Kansas. The killings were particularly brutal. One by one, settlers were dragged from their homes and hacked to death with broadswords and shot. The victims were pro-slavery, but were not slave owners themselves. The murders were in response to pro-slavery Missouri Border Ruffians who burned and looted Lawrence, Kansas three days earlier. It happened just two days after the Caning of Charles Sumner, the Senator from Massachusetts on the floor of the United States Senate. The Pottawatomie massacre was one of the many bloody episodes in Kansas preceding the American Civil War. It marked the beginning of the period called Bleeding Kansas. 

In 1854, the Missouri Compromise, which had restricted the expansion of Slavery in the United States, was done away with by the Kansas–Nebraska Act. Based on the doctrine of popular sovereignty, the federal government allowed the issue of slavery to be decided by those settling the Kansas Territory. By popular vote the people who lived there would decide whether Kansas would become a "slave-state" or be a "free-state" (free of slavery). Pro-slavery Missourians, Free-Staters and abolitionists all poured into Kansas. Soon, the different sides held their own elections and set up two opposing territorial governments. In May 1856, a drunken mob of pro-slavers sacked the town of Lawrence. Brown was enraged at this and wanted vengeance.

Brown was a deeply religious man who spoke his mind. As an abolitionist he found slavery in any form to be immoral. He fathered 20 children and with his wife moved to Kansas Territory to wage a war against slavery. He arrived on October 7, 1855, to help several of his sons who were already there to set up land claims. Along the way he got funds from other abolitionists and bought a large number of guns and swords for the fight he was sure would come. He had spoken out before against the Southern plantations and had called for the execution of slave catchers. Kansas, he thought, would be the perfect place to put his words into action.

When the town of Lawrence was sacked, Brown became extremely angry. He could not understand why the people of Lawrence had not decided to fight. He decided he and his followers would avenge the sack of Lawrence. 

On the night of May 24th, 1856, Brown set out with seven others to the pro-slavery town of Pottawatomie Creek. They were armed with swords and rifles. One by one the victims were dragged out their beds and murdered by Brown and his followers. They attacked three different farm houses. 

James Doyle and two sons were dragged outside their house and hacked to death. Mrs. Doyle, her daughter and a 14-year old son were not killed. They next went to Alan Wilkinson's farm where he was taken "prisoner". His sick wife and two children begged Brown not to kill him. Brown's men took his rifle and two saddles, but let Wilkinson live. James Harris owned the third house Brown visited that night. Haris, his wife and young child plus three other men were living there. Brown's men killed one man, William Sherman, then took their weapons, a saddle and one horse. Brown's followers included four of his sons who all later claimed that Brown himself did not actually murder anyone. But he was the leader and he made all the decisions of who would live and who would die. They washed the blood from their hands and their swords in the creek, then went home. None of the killers were ever prosecuted for the crime. 

After the massacre, pro-slavery forces launched a manhunt for Brown. They destroyed the Browns' property and Brown's son Frederick was shot and killed. Brown escaped Kansas and fled north. Together, the sack of Lawrence and the Pottawatomie massacre started a civil war in Kansas. Brown gained national attention and fame among abolitionists. He was able to gather men and arms for another "secret mission"; John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry.

In November 1859, as Brown was waiting to be executed for his raid on Harpers Ferry, he received a letter. It was from Mahala Doyle, whose husband and two sons Brown killed:

Gurbrü

Gurbrü () is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Arch, Switzerland

Arch is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Nablus

Nablus ( ' , ', Biblical "Shechem" "Škem", Νeapolis) is a Palestinian city in the Samaria Mountains, in a Valley between "Mount Ebal (the mount of the blessing) in the south and "Mount Gerizim (the mount of the curse)" in the north. Nablus was the first Jewish city in the world and Joseph the son of Jacob was barried in the eastern side of the city. according to the Jewish tradition the city of Nablus was the first jewish City in the world.

a small comunity of Samaritan is living in the south of the city in a neighbourhood called: "Kiryat Luza" next to Mount Gerizim.


Purification

Purification is the process of rendering something pure. For example, clean of foreign elements and/or pollution. It may refer to:

The Museum of Philistine Culture

The Corinne Mamane Museum of Philistine Culture () is an archaeological museum in Ashdod, Israel. It explores the culture of the Philistines that lived in the area of the city. The museum is the only museum in the world dedicated to the Philistines culture. It was the first museum that opened in Ashdod in 1990.

Corinne Mamane was a Jewish student born in Casablanca in Morocco. She was killed in 1984 in a car accident in France during her university studies.

The museum has 3 floors. The first is an exhibition of the Philistines culture. The second is for changing exhibitions. The third floor is dedicated to the "Philistines Kitchen" by exploring the food culture of the Aegean sea.


Abrahams Well International Visitors Center

The Abraham's Well International Visitors Center is an archaeological museum and convention center in Beer Sheva, Israel. It was opened in 2013 on the site of Abraham's Well. The center is near the Old city of Beer Sheva and Nahal Beer Sheva on the road to Eilat. The well was discovered in the 19th century by Edward Robinson and Henry Baker Tristram. In 1897, a Beduin sheikh built an Arabian structure above the well to take over the place. In the Ottoman Period, a Bustan was grown next to the well. According to the Jewish Bible, in the place of the well Abraham signed a peace agreement with Abimelech, the king of the Philistines.

https://www.facebook.com/pg/AbrahamswellBR7/about/?ref=page_internal (May appear in Hebrew only)


Esino

The Esino () is a river in the Marche region of central Italy. It is one of the most important rivers in the region because the size of its drainage basin.

There is another river, but smaller, in the Province of Lecco, Lombardy.

The Esino river has a length of about and a drainage basin with an area of .

The source of the Esino is in the sides of the "Monte Caffagio", comune of Esanatoglia (province of Macerata) near the border with the province of Ancona, at an altitude of about .

The river flows east past Esanatoglia and curves north by Matelica before crossing the border into the province of Ancona near Cerreto d'Esi. The river continues flowing north before curving northeast near Genga. It then flows near Serra San Quirico, Maiolati Spontini, Castelplanio, Castelbellino, Jesi, Chiaravalle and Montemarciano.

Finally, it flows into the Adriatic Sea in the "Fiumesino" near Falconara Marittima.

Its drainage basin is mainly in the province of Ancona but it also covers part of the province of Macerata and a small part of the province of Perugia (Umbria).

The main tributaries of Ensino river areː


Data corruption

Data corruption is errors in computer data that happens while the computer is reading, writing, storing, transmitting or processing the data. Such errors introduce unintended changes to the original data. 

If data corruption happens in a file, unexpected results will happen when accessed by the system or an application; such results may range from a minor loss of data to a system crash. For example, if a Microsoft Word file is corrupted, when a person tries to open that file with Microsoft Word, they may get an error message. That means that person will get either a file that cannot be opened or a file with a minor loss of data.

One of the ways this can happen is if a power shortage happens while saving the document, the computer cannot power down properly and the file becomes corrupted. 

Hackers can also corrupt data, be it accidentally or on purpose. 

Anton Yelchin

Anton Viktorovich Yelchin (; March 11, 1989 – June 19, 2016) was a Soviet-born American movie, television and voice actor.

Yelchin was born in Leningrad, present-day Saint Petersburg, Russia, which was then the Soviet Union. His family was Jewish. His family moved to Tarzana, California as refugees. He studied at Sherman Oaks Center for Enriched Studies and at the University of Southern California.

His career began in 2000. He was in the movies "Along Came a Spider" and "Hearts in Atlantis" (both 2001). His role as Jacob Clarke in the Steven Spielberg miniseries "Taken" was his most famous role as a child actor. 

He later appeared on the television series "Huff" and starred in the movies "Terminator Salvation" (2009), "Charlie Bartlett" (2007), "Fright Night" (2011), "Like Crazy" (2011), "Odd Thomas" and "Only Lovers Left Alive" (both 2013). 

Yelchin was best known for portraying Pavel Chekov in the "Star Trek" reboot series, appearing in "Star Trek" (2009), "Star Trek Into Darkness" (2013) and "Star Trek Beyond" (2016).

On June 19, 2016, Yelchin was found by friends crushed between his car and the iron security gate of his Studio City, Los Angeles home. It was described as a "freak accident". He was pronounced dead at 1:00 am at the age of 27.


Sweat lodge

The sweat lodge (also called purification ceremony or simply sweat) is a hut, typically dome-shaped and made with natural materials. It used by Native Americans for ceremonial steambaths and prayer. Sweat lodges were largely a reaction to the influences of European culture with its negative effects on Native Americans. 

There are several styles of structures used in different cultures. These include a domed or oblong hut similar to a wickiup, a permanent structure made of wood and earth, or even a simple hole dug into the ground and covered with wood. Stones are typically heated and then water poured over them to create steam. In ceremonial usage, these ritual actions are accompanied by traditional prayers and songs.

Native Americans in many regions use the sweat lodge. For example, Chumash peoples of the central coast of California build sweat lodges in coastal areas in association with habitation sites. The ancient Mesoamerican tribes of Mexico, such as the Aztec and Olmec, practiced a sweat bath ceremony known as temazcal as a religious way to make up for bad things they'd done and making themselves pure.

John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry

John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry (also known as John Brown's raid or The raid on Harpers Ferry) was an effort by white abolitionist John Brown to start an armed slave revolt in 1859. He attacked and captured the United States arsenal at Harpers Ferry, Virginia. Brown's raid, accompanied by 21 men in his party, was defeated by a platoon of U.S. Marines led by Colonel Robert E. Lee. John Brown had originally asked Harriet Tubman and Frederick Douglass, both of whom he had met in Springfield, Massachusetts, to join him in his raid. Tubman was prevented by illness. Douglass declined because he believed Brown's plan would fail.

Brown came from a staunch Calvinist and anti-slavery family. He failed at most business ventures he tried and declared bankruptcy at age 42. He attended a meeting of abolitionists in Cleveland, Ohio in 1837 that changed his life. He publicly declared he would destroy the institution of slavery. By 1848 he was already making plans to start a rebellion.

In 1856 Brown, four of his sons and three other followers killed five unarmed men and boys in retaliation for a raid by Missouri Border Ruffians on the town of Lawrence, Kansas. It was called the Pottawatomie massacre and it marked the beginning of the period called Bleeding Kansas. On August 30, 1856, Brown and about 40 men fought against about 250–300 Border Ruffians at the Battle of Osawatomie. Two years later Brown and his men raided into Missouri where they killed a planter and set 11 slaves free. They also took wagons, horses and mules.

