1700 (MDCC) was an exceptional common year starting on Friday in the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Monday in the Julian calendar. It was also the last year of the 17th century. As of the start of 1700, the Gregorian calendar was 10 days ahead of the Julian calendar, which remained in localized use until 1923.

As of March 1 (O.S. February 19), where then Julian calendar acknowledged a leap day and the Gregorian calendar didn't, the Julian calendar fell one day further behind, bringing the difference to 11 days until February 28 (O.S. February 17), 1800. In Sweden, the year started in the Julian calendar and remained so until February 28. Then, by skipping the leap day, the Swedish calendar was introduced, letting February 28 be followed by March 1, giving the entire year the same pattern as a common year starting on Monday. This calendar, being ten days behind the Gregorian and one day ahead of the Julian, lasts until 1712.


366

366 was a common year.




1322

1322 was a common year.




1205

1205 (MCCV) was .




Victoria (state)

Victoria is a state in Australia, in the south-east corner of the country. Its capital, largest and most-populated city is Melbourne. Geelong is Victoria's second biggest city, Ballarat is the third and Bendigo the fourth.

At the end of 2015 Victoria's population was an estimated 5,996,400. After British settlement in Australia in 1788, it was called the Port Phillip District of New South Wales. In 1851, it became an independent colony. It was named after Queen Victoria. In 1901 it became a state in Australia.

Victoria's premier is Daniel Andrews from the Labor Party.

Victoria has the highest population density of a state in Australia. Highways lead to and from population centres, mainly Melbourne and other major cities. Rail transport in Victoria is common. Major railway line operators include Metro Trains Melbourne, V/Line and Pacific National.

Melbourne Airport is the biggest domestic and international airport for Victoria. It is linked to Melbourne by the Tullamarine Freeway.

The Port of Melbourne is the largest port for cargo in Australia, located in Melbourne near Yarra River. Additional seaports are at Westernport Bay, Geelong, and Portland.

See main article Melbourne.

The city of Melbourne has many attractions, including shopping, the Crown Casino, Melbourne Zoo, Melbourne Museum, Melbourne Aquarium, Melbourne Docklands, Southbank and St. Kilda. Melbourne is also the home of cultural and sporting icons such as The Arts Centre, National Gallery of Victoria and the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) which held the 1956 Summer Olympic Games.

The historic cities of Ballarat, Beechworth, Bendigo, Castlemaine, Maldon and Daylesford which were all towns built on the goldfields during the 1850s.

Natural attractions include The Twelve Apostles on the Great Ocean Road, Wilson's Promontory, The Grampians, Buchan Caves, Gippsland Lakes and the penguins on Phillip Island. The Dandenong Ranges just east of Melbourne has the Puffing Billy Railway and Healesville Sanctuary.

The Murray River which is the state's northern border, has towns including Echuca and Mildura. Boating, fishing and other water sports are popular along the river.

Geelong, south west of Melbourne on Corio Bay, has many beaches, and hosts the Australian International Airshow. Nearby is the Bellarine Peninsula, which has many famous beaches such as Bells Beach, Torquay and Queenscliff.

The Mornington Peninsula is well known for its beaches and wineries.

The Victorian Alpine Region in the Australian Alps is popular for skiing with resorts at Falls Creek, Mount Hotham, and Mount Buffalo.

Victoria is the home of AFL, with ten of the eighteen clubs of the Australian Football League based in Victoria. The traditional Grand Final is held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on the last Saturday in September.

Victoria's cricket team, the Victorian Bushrangers play in the national Pura Cup cricket competition.

Victoria has one team each represented in the National Rugby League and the Australian Rugby Championship, the Melbourne Storm and Melbourne Rebels respectively.

Victoria's climate varies greatly despite its small size. It ranges from the snowfields in the north east where the temperatures can be below freezing, to the dry semi-arid Mallee area of the north west where it can get very hot.

Overall, the southern position of Victoria means it tends to be a bit cooler and wetter than the other Australian mainland states.

The hottest temperature recorded in Victoria was 48.8 °C at Hopetoun, on the 9 February, 2009.
The coldest temperature recorded in Victoria was -11.7 °C at Omeo, on 15 June, 1965.
The highest daily rainfall was 375mm at Tanbryn, on 22 March, 1983.

Victoria was the scene of much volcanic activity which started 40 million years ago. The Western Volcanic Plains which cover 10% of the state are the third largest volcanic plains in the world. Most of the plains were formed about six million years ago. There are about 400 volcanoes on the plains.

It is unknown exactly when humans settled in Victoria. A site near Keilor has evidence of Australian Aborigines living near on the Maribyrnong River more than 31,000 years ago. Victoria was one of the most populated areas of Australia. The Aborigines used fire-stick farming to burn the volcanic plains regularly, and they became some of the biggest grass plains in the world. This supported large numbers of animals such as kangaroos and wallabies. The Kulin federation were a large language group that lived on the plains and included the Watha wurrung, Boon wurrung, Woi wurrung, Daung wurrung and Djadja wurrung people. Other groups in Victoria included the Jari Jari, Ladji Ladji, Wemba Wemba, Wergaia, Jardwadjali, Gunnai, Waywurru and the Taungurung. In the rivers, creeks and wetlands the Aboriginals had built large fish traps to catch both fish and eels. In the Yarra River wetlands, some of these traps had stone walls about high.

Within ten years of the British settlement at Sydney in 1788, explorers began looking at the coast of Victoria. The first settlement in Victoria was at Sorrento, just inside the entrance to Port Phillip Bay. A small group of 51 soldiers, 308 convicts, 17 free settlers, 12 officials, one missionary and his wife, led by Lieutenant-Governor David Collins set up camp at the end of 1803. They had come from England to set up a colony because the British government was worried that the French may try to claim the area. However they were unable to find water and gave up the settlement within six weeks. They went further south and began the settlement of Hobart, Tasmania. While at Sorrento, a convict named William Buckley escaped. He lived with Aboriginal tribes until meeting with Europeans again when Melbourne was settled in 1835. On 12 December 1826, Captain Samuel Wright, Lieutenant Burchill, explorer William Hovell and 21 convicts tried to start a settlement near Corinella, on Westernport Bay. This was also unsuccessful and the group went back to Sydney on 19 February 1828.

Although the two official attempts to settle in Victoria had failed, there were a number of unofficial settlements along the coast. From 1820 small groups of people lived at various places along the south coast, including Phillip Island. They were hunting seals and Southern Right Whales. The Launceston Fishing Company had a base at Portland Bay. These hunters were often in conflict with the Aboriginal communities. The Europeans often captured Aboriginal women to use as slaves and for sex. Edward Henty moved to Portland Bay and began sheep farming in December 1834. These settlements were against the law, as the British government was trying to restrict the areas of settlement. They argued that they did not have the ability to provide support to remote and isolated settlements. Repeated requests for official permission to settle in Victoria were refused by the government.

In 1835 a group of settlers, farmers and government officials from Tasmania formed the Port Phillip Association. Led by John Batman, who had heard about the grass plains from William Hovell, the group decided to ignore the British government and move flocks of sheep to Victoria. Batman landed at Indented Head, Victoria on 29 May 1835. He began exploring Port Phillip Bay. On 6 June 1835 he met with Aboriginal leaders near Merri Creek, and made a treaty. Under this treaty the Aboriginals agreed to allow Batman to use their land for his sheep. In return, they could continue to stay on the land, they would be provided with food and goods, and they would receive protection from other Europeans. This was the only treaty ever made with the Australian Aborigines. On 26 August 1835, the Governor of New South Wales, Sir Richard Bourke, said the treaty was against the law. The land belonged to the crown, and did not belong to the Aboriginals.

At the end of 1835, the British government changed its policy on settlement in eastern Australia. People were allowed to use large areas of the country for sheep farming. If people paid a £10 fee, they could settle wherever they liked. These farmers became known as "squatters", as they "sat" on the land, which they did not own. The effect of this new policy meant that between 1835 and 1838, more land was settled than had been since 1788. It has been described as the fastest land occupation in history. By 1849, just 1019 squatters had taken over 17.7 million hectares of land.

The effect of the fast land occupation had terrible consequences for the Victorian Aborigines. The squatters moved their sheep onto the grasslands that had once been the Aborigines main source of food. The squatters built their farms near the waterholes and creeks where the Aborigines had camped for thousands of years. The Aborigines began to kill sheep to eat, and attempted to stop people from taking their land. The early settlers tried to remove the Aborigines from the land. Sometimes they were chased away, and sometimes they were murdered. For example, at Murdering Creek, near Camperdown, 35-40 men, women and children were shot dead by the manager of Glenorminston Station, Frederick Taylor and several of his farm workers.

Gold was found in Victoria at Clunes on 28 June 1851. With further discoveries at Ballarat, Bendigo and Castlemaine there was a huge increase in the population as people came from all around the world.


Chaos theory

Chaos theory is a part of mathematics. It looks at certain systems that are very sensitive. A very small change may make the system behave completely differently. 

Very small changes in the starting position of a chaotic system make a big difference after a while. This is why even large computers cannot tell the weather for more than a few days in the future. Even if the weather was perfectly measured, a small change or error will make the prediction completely wrong. Since even a butterfly flapping its wings can make enough wind to change weather, a chaotic system is sometimes called the "butterfly effect". No computer knows enough to tell how the small wind will change the weather.

Some systems (like weather) might appear random at first look, but chaos theory says that these kinds of systems or patterns may not be. If people pay close enough attention to what is really going on, they might notice the chaotic patterns.

The main idea of chaos theory is that a minor difference at the start of a process can make a major change in it as time progresses. Quantum chaos theory is a new idea in the study of chaos theory. It deals with quantum physics.

As an example, take a pendulum that is attached at some point, and swings freely. Connecting a second pendulum to the first will make the system completely different. It is very hard to start in exactly the same position again - a change in starting position so small that it cannot even be seen can quickly cause the pendulum swing to become different from what it was before. 

A very important part to the study of chaos theory is the study of mathematics functions that are known as "fractals". Fractal functions work like chaotic systems: a small change in the starting values can change the value of the function in ways that look random. Due to the fact that they are mathematical, they are easy to study.


First World

First World or Developed World is a term used in geopolitics and economics to refer to the richer and more developed nations. In these countries, the majority of the people are in the middle class and enjoy a good standard of living. This term is being used less, as terms like "global North" and "developed world" become more common.


Mulan (1998 movie)

Mulan is a 1998 American animated musical adventure movie produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation. It is the 36th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It is set in old-time China and based on local legend. The movie stars the voices of Ming-Na Wen and Eddie Murphy. "Mulan" was a success with its fans because it was different from Disney's other movies in terms of music and artistic design. The music was written by Jerry Goldsmith who also wrote the music for another animated movie, 1982's "The Secret of NIMH". Christina Aguilera sang "Reflections" or the movie's soundtrack. A direct-to-video sequel, "Mulan II", was released on February 1, 2005.

In 2018, Disney announced that they were making a live action remake. It was released on Disney+ in 2020 for a premium fee of $29.99. It got a lot of criticism for not being like the original and its' historical accuracies.

An army of Huns, arrive and try to invade China. The Chinese army recruits each man from every family for them to start a war. Mulan's father suffers an injury and he cannot fight. Mulan disguises herself as a boy and enters the army. A dragon named Mushu accompanies her.

At first, Mulan is not taken seriously by the other soldiers but during training, eventually proves that she is better than what they thought. Mulan secretly falls in love with the commander, Li Shang.

The army is attacked by the Huns in the snowy mountains. Mulan uses a cannon to start an avalanche which buries and kills the Huns. Mulan is hurt by a sword, and the doctor who examines her finds that she is not a boy but a girl. Li Shang and the Chinese army leave Mulan alone in the mountains. 

The Chinese Army arrives at the Emperor's palace in the Imperial City for victory celebrations. Mulan sees that several Huns, including their leader, Shan Yu, have survived the avalanche. She goes to Imperial City to tell Li Shang but nobody believes her because they are celebrating the end of the war.

Shan Yu and the Huns attack the palace and capture the Emperor. Mulan and her soldier friends dress up as palace women so that they can get inside and rescue the Emperor. Shan Yu is left trapped on the palace roof and dies in a firework display. The Emperor thanks Mulan and she returns home. The Emperor tells Li Shang to follow her if he loves her. Li Shang arrives at Mulan's town and is invited to have dinner with the family.


Additional voices were provided by Tom Amundsen, Arminae Austen, Bob Bergen, Susan Boyd, Steve Bulen, Rodger Bumpass, Cam Clarke, Cooper Cowgill, David Cowgill, Debi Derryberry, Sally Dworsky, Bill Farmer, Don Fullilove, Elisa Gabrielli, Jack Gilpin, John Goodman, Jess Harnell, Linda Kerns, Matthew Labyorteaux, Conan Lee, Dana Lee, Edie Lehmann-Boddicker, Luisa Leschin, Sherry Lynn, Christina Ma, Danny Mann, Susan McBride, Edie McClurg, Mickie McGowan, Sean Cameron Michael, Haunani Minn, Edie Mirman, Mark Moseley, Paul Pape, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Peter Renaday, Maurita Thornburgh-Phillips, John Walcutt, Claudette Wells and Joe Whyte.


1823

1823 was a common year.



1861

1861 was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian calendar.


1829

1829 was a common year.


Baltimore

Baltimore is the biggest city in the U.S. state of Maryland. In 2020 it had about 585,708 people living there. It is not in any county, so it is called an independent city. It is next to the Chesapeake Bay and used to be an important port for trade by ships. There is still some shipping but the Inner Harbor is now mostly famous for shopping and restaurants, and also for the National Aquarium and other museums.

Baltimore is home to the Ravens (football) and Orioles (baseball), both professional sports teams. Its main newspaper is the "Baltimore Sun." There is a place for horse races in the city called Pimlico. There are many colleges and universities in Baltimore, like Johns Hopkins University.

The city was made in 1729 and is named after the British Lord Baltimore who started the colony of Maryland. The mayor of this city is Stephanie Rawlings-Blake. She is the second woman to be the mayor of Baltimore, the first was Sheila Dixon. Many governors of Maryland were mayor of Baltimore first. One famous thing that happened in Baltimore was in the War of 1812, when the British attacked the city and Francis Scott Key wrote a song about it called "The Star-Spangled Banner". It is now the national song of the United States.

Some famous people from Baltimore are the Supreme Court judge Thurgood Marshall, the poet and writer Edgar Allen Poe, the baseball player Babe Ruth, the singer Billie Holiday, and the movie director John Waters.

In 1706, the colony of Maryland's General Assembly created the Port of Baltimore at Locust Point. It was built for tobacco trading. The Town of Baltimore was founded on July 30, 1729. It was named after Cecilius Calvert, the British Lord Baltimore. Calvert was the first Proprietary Governor of the Province of Maryland. Baltimore grew quickly in the 1700s as a granary (place for storing cereals and grains) for the sugar plantations in the Caribbean.
Baltimore was important in the time leading up to the American Revolution. Leaders like Jonathan Plowman Jr. got the city to refuse to pay taxes to Britain. Merchants (people who buy and sell things) signed agreements to not trade with Britain. The Second Continental Congress met in the Henry Fite House from December 1776 to February 1777. This made Baltimore the capitol of the United States during this time. In 1796, after the war, the Town of Baltimore, nearby Jonestown, and an area called Fells Point were incorporated as the City of Baltimore. (This means that these areas all merged and became the City of Baltimore.) The city was a part of Baltimore County until 1851. It then became an independent city.

During the War of 1812, the Battle of Baltimore happened in the city. The British attacked Baltimore on the night of September 13, 1814. This was right after they burned Washington D.C.. United States soldiers from Fort McHenry defended the Inner Harbor. Francis Scott Key watched the battle from a British ship in the harbor. He wrote the poem "The Star-Spangled Banner" about the attack. Later, "The Star-Spangled Banner" became the official National Anthem of the United States.

After the war, the number of people who lived in the city grew quickly. The National Road (now part of U.S. Route 40) and the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O) connected the city with big markets in the Midwest. This made Baltimore a very important shipping and manufacturing center. Baltimore was nicknamed "the Monumental City" by President John Quincy Adams in 1827. During an event, Adams gave a toast and said: "Baltimore: the Monumental City – [m]ay the days of her safety be as prosperous and happy, as the days of her dangers have been trying and triumphant." In 1835, the Baltimore bank riots happened. These were one of the worst riots of the antebellum South. (The "antebellum" period is the time right before the American Civil War.)

During the American Civil War, Maryland did not secede from the Union. (That is, Maryland stayed a part of the Union and did not join the Confederacy.) When Union soldiers marched through the city at the start of the war, some people attacked the soldiers. This started the Baltimore riot of 1861. Four soldiers and 12 civilians were killed. After the riot, Union soldiers occupied (stayed in) Baltimore. During the war, Maryland was governed directly by the federal government and the state government did not have any power. This was to keep the state from seceding (leaving the Union). After the war ended in April 1865, Maryland began governing itself again.

During the 1870s there was an economic depression called the "Panic of 1873." After the Panic, the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad company decided to pay its workers less. This caused the Great Railroad Strike of 1877. These strikes stopped train service in Cumberland in western Maryland. On July 20, 1877, the Maryland Governor, John Lee Carroll, ordered the Maryland Army National Guard to stop the strikes. People who supported the railroad workers attacked the national guard soldiers. Soldiers from the 6th Regiment fired their guns at the crowd. 10 people were killed, and 25 people were hurt. This started a riot. Trains were damaged and parts of Camden Station were burned. US Army soldiers came to Baltimore to protect the railroad and end the strike. The riot and strike ended on July 21–22, 1877.

The Great Baltimore Fire started on February 7, 1904. It burned for 30 hours and destroyed 1,500 buildings. More than 70 blocks of downtown burned to the ground. The fire caused about $150 million of damage (US$ million in 2024.)

The city grew bigger by annexing (absorbing) suburbs from nearby counties. The last suburb was added in 1918. The city added parts of Baltimore County and Anne Arundel County. In 1948, the state constitution was amended (changed). It now required a special vote by citizens before an area could be added to the city. This stopped the expansion (growth) of the city.

In 1950, the city was 23.8% black. By 1970, it was 46.4% black. After Martin Luther King, Jr. was murdered in Memphis, Tennessee on April 4, 1968, the Baltimore riot of 1968 started. It lasted until April 12, 1968. The riot cost the city about $10 million (US$ million in 2024). During the riot, 11,000 Maryland National Guard soldiers and US Army soldiers tried to protect the city. It is possible to see some effects of the riots today. Parts of North Avenue, Howard Street, Gay Street, and Pennsylvania Avenue are barren, empty, and not taken care of.

During the 1970s, Baltimore's downtown area, called the "Inner Harbor," was run down and neglected. It was full of empty and abandoned warehouses. The city began trying to redevelop the area. The Baltimore Convention Center was opened in 1979. Harborplace, a shopping and restaurant area, opened in 1980. The National Aquarium in Baltimore (Maryland's largest tourist destination) and the Baltimore Museum of Industry opened in 1981. In 1992, the Baltimore Orioles baseball team moved from Memorial Stadium to Oriole Park at Camden Yards near the harbor. Six years later the Baltimore Ravens football team moved into M&T Bank Stadium next to Camden Yards.

The National Register of Historic Places lists 280 historical properties in Baltimore city.

Baltimore is in north-central Maryland. It is on the Patapsco River, close to where it empties into the Chesapeake Bay. It is on the fall line between the Piedmont Plateau and the Atlantic Coastal Plain. (The "fall line" is a phrase in geology that means that this is a place where two different kinds of earth meet.) The fall line splits Baltimore into a "lower city" and "upper city."

At the harbor, the city is at sea level. The highest point is near Pimlico in the northwest. There the elevation is .

According to the 2010 census, the city has a total area of . This is of land and of water. The total area of Baltimore City is 12.07% water.

Baltimore is in the humid subtropical climate zone ("Cfa".) This is according to the Köppen climate classification

July is usually the hottest month of the year. The average temperature in July is . Summer is usually very humid. The highest temperature on record is in 1936.

January is the coldest month of the year. Sometimes wind from the subtropics brings springlike weather during winter. At night, winds from the Arctic make temperatures drop into the teens (in Fahrenheit; less than -7 °C.) Some nights the temperature drops to the single digits (less than -12 °C.) The coldest temperature on record is from 1934.

Downtown Baltimore and the parts of the city that are on the coast are usually warmer than other parts of Baltimore. This is because of the urban heat island effect. Also the Chesapeake Bay acts to moderate the effects of temperature. This means that the water helps keep the temperature from changing greatly.

Baltimore gets a lot of rain during the whole year. There is no "rainy season" or "dry season." This is normal in most cities on the East Coast of the United States. Every month, about of precipitation (rain, snow, sleet, etc.) falls in Baltimore. The total rainfall yearly average is around . There are usually about 105 sunny days in a year. There are lots of rain showers and thunderstorms during spring, summer, and fall. In the winter, there are longer but lighter rain showers, and less sunshine and more clouds. It sometimes snows in the winter. The average snowfall is .

Baltimore has architecture in every style from the last 200-plus years. Many famous architects have designed buildings in the city. Some of these architects are Benjamin Latrobe, George A. Frederick, John Russell Pope, Mies Van Der Rohe and I. M. Pei.

The city has some buildings that are thought to be important to the history of architecture. Baltimore Basilica (1806–1821) was designed by Benjamin Latrobe in the neoclassical style. It is the oldest Roman Catholic Cathedral in the United States. The Municipal Museum of Baltimore, often called the Peale Museum, was build in 1813 by Robert Cary Long, Sr. It was built for Rembrandt Peale and is the first building in the United States designed specifically to be a museum. The McKim Free School, built by Isaac McKim in 1822, shows the interest of early American architects in ancient Greek art.

The Phoenix Shot Tower (1828) was the tallest building in the United States until the Civil War. It is tall. The tower was build without scaffolding. The Sun Iron Building (1851) was the first iron-front building. Brown Memorial Presbyterian Church (1870) has stained glass windows by Louis Comfort Tiffany. It has been called "one of the most significant buildings in this city, a treasure of art and architecture" by "Baltimore Magazine". The 1845 Greek Revival style Lloyd Street Synagogue is one of the oldest synagogues in the United States.

The Baltimore World Trade Center was built in 1977 by architect I.M. Pei. The building is in the shape of an equilateral pentagon (it has five equal sides.) It is the tallest building of this shape in the world.

Oriole Park at Camden Yards is considered by many to be the most beautiful baseball park in Major League Baseball. It is designed to be "retro style". The park has inspired many other cities to build their own retro ballparks. Camden Yards and the National Aquarium have helped revive the Inner Harbor. The area used to be an industrial district of run-down and abandoned warehouses. Today it is a lively commercial district full of bars, restaurants, and stores.

Baltimore is officially split into nine regions. These regions are based on geography. Each region is patrolled by their own Baltimore Police Department district. These regions are: Northern, Northwestern, Northeastern, Western, Central, Eastern, Southern, Southwestern, and Southeastern. Locals sometimes split the city into "East Baltimore" and "West Baltimore" along Charles Street. Other locals sometimes split the city into "North Baltimore" and "South Baltimore" along Baltimore Street.

The Central district includes Downtown Baltimore, Harborplace, The Camden Yards Sports Complex (Oriole Park at Camden Yards and M&T Bank Stadium), the Convention Center, and the National Aquarium in Baltimore. It is the city's main commercial area. It also has many nightclubs, bars, restaurants, shopping centers, and other attractions. Many of the city's key businesses are in this area as well. The University of Maryland, Baltimore campus, University of Maryland Medical System, Maryland Institute College of Art, the Peabody Institute of music, the Lyric Opera House, The Walters Art Museum, and The Joseph Meyerhoff Symphony Hall are also in the central district.

The Northern District is north of the Central district. Loyola University Maryland, The Johns Hopkins University and College of Notre Dame of Maryland are in this district. Some of the richer residential neighborhoods are also here. The neighborhood of Roland Park, the first planned suburban community in America, is one of these richer neighborhoods. The borders of the district are made by The Alameda on the east and Pimlico Road on the west.

The Southern district is the part of the city below the Inner Harbor and east of the B&O Railroad tracks. It is a mix of industrial and residential areas. It is also a mix of many demographics, cultures, and ethnicities. It is home to the ethnically diverse neighborhood of Locust Point, the historic neighborhood Federal Hill, and poor residential neighborhoods like Cherry Hill. There are two Port of Baltimore terminals in this district. The old Domino Sugar plant is also here.

The Northeastern district is mostly residential. It is home to Morgan State University. Today it is mostly African-American. The district is bordered by the city line to the north and east; Sinclair Lane, Erdman Avenue, and Pulaski Highway on the south; and The Alameda on the west.

The Eastern district is mostly poor, African-American residential neighborhoods. There are entire blocks of abandoned buildings. The district is also dangerous and has a problem with drug trafficking. For this reason, the TV show "The Wire" was often filmed in this district. This area is also home to Johns Hopkins Hospital and Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. The district is bordered by Erdman Avenue, Sinclair Lane, and Orleans Street.

The Southeastern district is a mix of industrial and residential areas. Neighborhoods in this district usually have a mix of races and cultures. The district is bordered by Orleans Street, the Inner Harbor, the city line, and the Baltimore harbor.

The Northwestern district is mostly residential. It is also home to the Pimlico Race Course and Sinai Hospital. Until the 1960s, Baltimore's Jewish community was based in the Park Heights neighborhood. Since then, there has been "white flight" and the neighborhood today is almost all black. Northern Parkway is a dividing line in the district. North of the parkway, the neighborhoods are mostly white. Some of these are Mount Washington and Cheswolde. South of the parkway, the neighborhoods are mostly black. The borders of the district are made up by the county line on the north and west, Gwynns Falls Parkway on the south and Pimlico Road on the east.

The Western district is the home of Coppin State University, Mondawmin Mall, and Edmondson Village. These are important to the culture, economy and history of the city's African American community. This district used to be the home to many middle and upper class African Americans, but they have moved away since. Today, more than 45% of people living in some neighborhoods have income levels below the poverty line. Some of the crime from this district was used in the TV show "The Wire". The district is west of downtown. Its borders are Gwynns Falls Parkway, Fremont Avenue, and Baltimore Street.

The Southwestern district is a mix of industrial parks and residential areas. St. Agnes Hospital is in this district. It has Baltimore County to the west, Baltimore Street to the north, and the downtown area to the east.

The City of Baltimore is next to several communities. All of these are unincorporated census-designated places.
Baltimore is sometimes called the "city of neighborhoods." This name comes from the fact that it has 72 official historic districts (areas). People of one ethnic group mainly live in each one of these areas. Some of the most important today are downtown. These are the Inner Harbor, Fells Point, and Little Italy. The Inner Harbor has lots of hotels, shops, and museums. Many tourists visit the Inner Harbor. Fells Point used to be a place where sailors went for entertainment. Today it has been rebuilt and cleaned up. This is the neighborhood in the movie "Sleepless in Seattle". Little Italy is where the Italian-American people live and work. Nancy Pelosi grew up in this neighborhood. She used to be Speaker of the House in Congress.

Another important neighborhood is Mount Vernon. This neighborhood is the center of culture and art in Baltimore. There are many important monuments and museums there. One important monument is the Washington Monument. This monument was built in the 1800s in a plaza. It is older than the Washington Monument in Washington, D.C..

Every year there is an art festival called Artscape. The festival is in the Bolton Hill neighborhood. This is very close to the Maryland Institute College of Art. Artscape is called the "largest free arts festival in America." Another art festival that happens in Baltmore is the Maryland Film Festival. It happens every year in May. At the Film Festival, movies are shown at the Charles Theatre. (The Charles Theatre is an old cinema.)

One of Baltimore's nicknames is "Charm City." Some advertisers wanted to make the city's reputation better. They started using the name in 1975.

People in Baltimore speak English. They have a very unique accent and way of speaking (dialect). For example, they pronounce "Baltimore" as "Balamer" or "Balmer." The Baltimore dialect is sometimes called "Baltimorese." It is a kind of Mid-Atlantic English. People from Baltimore will often call each other "Hon."

There are movies that parody (make fun of) the way people from Baltimore talk. A lot of these movies are made by John Waters. He is a movie maker from Baltimore. Most of Waters's movies were made in Baltimore. "Pink Flamingos" and "Hairspray" are some of these movies. Waters also wrote the musical version of "Hairspray."

Many very famous and important people were born or raised in Baltimore. Some of these are:


Baltimore used to be mostly industrial. There was a lot of steel processing, shipping, car manufacturing, and transportation. Deindustrialization happened, and Baltimore lost a lot of jobs that paid a lot of money and did not need a lot of training or skill. Today, most of the jobs in Baltimore are service economy jobs. These jobs do not pay very much. 90% of jobs are service jobs today.

In July 2012, the unemployment rate was 11%. Also in 2012, the steel mill (factory) at Sparrow's Point closed. This will mean more people will lose their jobs. 25% of people who live in Baltimore, and 37% of all children living in Baltimore, live in poverty.

Johns Hopkins Hospital is in Baltimore. Some big companies from Baltimore are Under Armour, Cordish Company, and Royal Farms. There is a big sugar refinery in Baltimore. It is owned by American Sugar Refining.

There are eight Interstate Highways in Baltimore. These are:
Some of these highways do not connect to each other. I-70 stops at a parking lot just inside of the city. This is because of "freeway revolts" that happened in Baltimore. The interstate highways were supposed to go through downtown Baltimore, but the people in the city did not want this to happen. Barbara Mikulski, now a United States Senator, started the "freeway revolts" to keep the highways from being built in downtown.

Today there are some highways numbered U.S. highways and state routes that run through downtown. These are US 1, US 40 National Road, and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway. There are also some tunnels underneath the Baltimore harbor. I-95 runs through the Fort McHenry Tunnel. I-895 runs through the Harbor Tunnel.

Baltimore has a beltway. A beltway is a highway that circles around a city. The Baltimore Beltway is I-695. It crosses over the Chesapeake Bay on the Francis Scott Key Bridge. This bridge is just south of the Inner Harbor.

Baltimore is an important train stop. Amtrak trains in the Northeast Corridor stop in Baltimore. Penn Station is one of the busiest train stations in the country. In 2008 it was the 8th busiest train station in the United States. That year, more than 1 million people took a train to or from Penn Station. Another important train station is at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. Many Amtrak trains stop at the BWI Rail Station. The Amtrak trains that stop in Baltimore are: "Acela Express", "Palmetto", "Carolinian", "Silver Star", "Silver Meteor", "Vermonter", "Crescent", and "Northeast Regional". The MARC commuter rail service also has trains that stop in Baltimore. The MARC trains run from Camden Station and Penn Station in Baltimore to Union Station in Washington, D.C..

Baltimore has many colleges and universities. These are both public (run by the government) and private. Some of them are:



Baltimore City Public School System runs Baltimore's public schools. Some of these schools are well known. Carver Vocational-Technical High School was the first vocational high school for African-Americans in Maryland. Lake Clifton Eastern High School is the biggest school campus in Baltimore City. Frederick Douglass High School is the second-oldest African-American high school in the United States. Baltimore City College is the third oldest public high school in the country. Western High School is the oldest public all-girls school in the nation. Baltimore City College and Baltimore Polytechnic Institute are football rivals. This is the second-oldest high school football rivalry in the country.

Baltimore Stations

WBFF FOX

WMPB PBS

Baltimore's main newspaper is "The Baltimore Sun." In 1986, the newspaper was sold to the Times Mirror Company. This company was bought by the Tribune Company in 2000. Today, "The Sun" is still a Tribune newspaper.

Baltimore had two newspapers until 1986. (It was very common for US cities to have two newspapers.) The other main newspaper was the "Baltimore News-American". The "News-American" went out of business in 1986.

"The Baltimore Examiner" was started in 2006 to compete with "The Sun." It was owned and run by a company that also published newspapers like "The San Francisco Examiner" and "The Washington Examiner". "The Examiner" was a free newspaper that was paid for by advertising. ("The Sun" is not free.) "The Examiner" was not able to make money, and it stopped being published on February 15, 2009.

According to Nielsen Market Research, Baltimore had the 26th-largest television market in 2008-2009. It was the 27th-largest market for 2009-2010. Arbitron listed Baltimore as the 22nd-largest radio market in Fall 2010.

Baltimore has a long baseball history. The first team to play for Baltimore were the 19th century Baltimore Orioles (1882-1899). This was one of the most successful early baseball teams. The team had many hall of famers play for them. The great Babe Ruth was born in Baltimore in 1895. He played for the minor league Baltimore Orioles team. This team existed from 1903 to 1914 and from 1916 to 1953.

Today, Baltimore's Major League Baseball team is the Baltimore Orioles. They play in the American League. The Orioles came to Baltimore in 1954. Before that, the team had been in St. Louis, Missouri, where they were called the St. Louis Browns. The Orioles went to the World Series in 1966, 1969, 1970, 1971, 1979 and 1983. They won the World Series three times: in 1966, 1960, and 1983. 

In 1995, Cal Ripken, Jr. broke the record for the most games played in a row. The old record was set by Lou Gehrig, and was 2,130 games. Ripken was added to the Baseball Hall of Fame. He was also named "Sportsman of the Year" by "Sports Illustrated" magazine. There are six Orioles players and two managers in the hall of fame.

Baltimore's first football team were the Baltimore Colts. The team came to Baltimore in 1953. Before then, they had played in Dallas, Texas as the Dallas Texans. The Colts played for Baltimore until 1984. In 1984, the team moved to Indianapolis and took the name. Today the team still plays as the Indianapolis Colts.

In 1996, the Cleveland Browns came to Baltimore. They were renamed the Baltimore Ravens. The Ravens won a Super Bowl championship in 2000 and again in 2012. They also won three American Football Conference (AFC) North division championships in 2003, 2006, and 2011. In addition, the played in three AFC Championship Games in 2000, 2009, and 2011.

Baltimore has an indoor soccer team, the Baltimore Blast. They play for the Major Indoor Soccer League at the 1st Mariner Arena. The team joined the League in 2001. The Blast have won 5 league championships: 2002, 2003, 2005, 2007 and 2008.

The Baltimore Blues are a semi-professional rugby league football club. They will compete in the USA Rugby League in 2012. Other professional or semi-professional Baltimore teams include Crystal Palace Baltimore, an outdoor soccer franchise of
USL Second Division. The Charm City Roller Girls are a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association since 2005.

The Preakness Stakes are held every May at the Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore. The Preakness is the "second jewel" in the United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing.

Car races are held on the streets of downtown every year in September. The Baltimore Grand Prix runs through the Inner Harbor. It started in 2011. The American Le Mans Series, IndyCar Series, Indy Lights, and other races are a part of it.

Baltimore is very politically liberal. The mayor of Baltimore is a Democrat. 84.7% of the voters in 2016 voted for the Democrat Hillary Clinton, and 87.2% of the voters in 2012 voted for the Democrat Barack Obama. The last time a Republican running for president won more votes than the Democratic candidate in Baltimore was 1956. Even in 1984, when Ronald Reagan won 49 states in his reelction campaign, only 28.2% of the voters in Baltimore voted for him.

Baltimore has eleven sister cities. These were picked by Sister Cities International.


Chantilly, Virginia

Chantilly is a community in Fairfax County, Virginia. The Battle of Chantilly was fought here during the American Civil War.


Corpus Christi, Texas

Corpus Christi, Texas is a city in the United States. It is near the coast of the Gulf of Mexico and is one of the fastest growing cities in America. Its economy is based around petroleum refining and tourism.

The city was founded in 1839 as "Kinney's Ranch" and has been known as Corpus Christi since 1847.

Elsa Flores, a famous biologist and chemist, grew up in Corpus Christi, Texas.

Sick

To be sick can mean:

Sick may also refer to:


Panama Canal

The Panama Canal is a waterway (a canal) in the country of Panama in Central America, that connects the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean. Because of the way Panama twists, the entrance to the Pacific Ocean is farther east than the entrance to the Atlantic Ocean. This is the opposite of what one would expect.

The Panama Canal is 77 km (48 miles) long and cuts across the Isthmus of Panama. At each end it uses three pairs of "locks" for lifting and lowering ships on different water levels. This saves ships 15,000 km (10,000 miles) compared to going around South America. Each year, about 14,000 ships come through the canal. By 2002, around 800,000 ships came through. 

The old locks are 110 ft (33.53 m) wide by 1,050 ft (320 m) long and 41.2 feet (12.6 m) deep, with a usable length of 1,000 ft (305 m). The biggest ships that can go through the Panama Canal are called Panamax. 

New locks opened in 2016 to allow ships more than twice as big, called New Panamax. They are 55 m (180 ft) wide by 427 m (1,400 ft) long, and 18.3 m (60.0 ft) deep. New channels connect to the new locks.

Ferdinand de Lesseps tried building a Panama Canal in 1880, but could not finish it. The project was started again in 1904 by the United States, under the presidency of Theodore Roosevelt, who spent ten years and 375 million dollars building it. The Panama Canal was finally finished in 1914, at the cost of approximately 25,000 lives. Most deaths were from disease, and before United States construction of the canal began. The US government owned and operated the canal until 1999 when the Panamanian government started controlling it.


Suriname

Suriname or Surinam is a country in South America. The official name of the country is Republiek Suriname (this is Dutch and translates to "Republic of Suriname"). It used to be known as "Nederlands Guyana", "Netherlands Guiana" or "Dutch Guiana". It is between Guyana and French Guiana. Paramaribo is the capital city, in which resides almost half of the country's population. About half a million people live in the country. Suriname became independent from the Netherlands in 1975. Before that, it was a part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
There are border disputes with French Guiana and Guyana all to the south of the country.

The industry of the country is centered on the mining and processing of bauxite. This makes up 15 percent of the Gross Domestic Product and more than 70% of the exports. Other exports are sugar, oil and gold. About 25% of the working people are employed in agriculture. The main trade partners are the Netherlands, the United States and countries in the Caribbean.

Dutch, French, Spanish and English explorers discovered the area in the early 16th century. A century later, sugar plantation colonies were established by the Dutch and English along the many rivers in the fertile Guyana plains. After the second Anglo-Dutch War England traded any claims to the territory for New Amsterdam which became New York.

In Suriname, people need to go to school until they are twelve years old, and most of them do. Literacy is very common, most people who are illiterate are women.


Aarre Merikanto

Aarre Merikanto (29 June 1893 — 28 September 1958) was a Finnish composer. His parents were Liisa Häyrynen and composer Oskar Merikanto.

Merikanto was born in 1893. He studied music in Helsinki (1911), Leipzig (1912-1914) and Moscow (1916-1917). He tried composing an opera for the first time when he was 18 years old. The result was "Helena", which was completed in early 1912. The opera had one act and its libretto was written by Jalmari Finne. In the 1920s Merikanto created his own modernist style. Merikanto was a professor of composition in the Sibelius Academy, Helsinki from 1951 to his death. Merikanto died of lung cancer in Helsinki in 1958.


1325

1325 was a common year.


1076

1076 was a leap year.


1568

1568 was a leap year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar.



Tribe

The word “Tribe” is taken from the Latin word “"Tribus"” which means “one third”. The word originally referred to one of the three territorial groups which united to make Rome. A tribe is a group of people who live and work together in a shared geographical area. A tribe has a common culture, dialect and religion. They also have a strong sense of unity. The tribe is usually headed by a chief. A "tribal society" is a group of tribes organized around kinships. Tribes represent a part in social evolution between bands and nations.
A tribe can be a collection of families or of families and individual people living together. A tribe usually divides up the jobs that need to be done among themselves. Most tribes have special customs or traditions.

Humans lived in tribes before they started living in cities and nations. Collectively, the Khoikhoi and San are called the Khoisan and often called the world's first or oldest people, according to the biggest and most detailed analysis of African DNA. A report from NPR details how more than 22,000 years ago, the Nama were the largest group of humans on earth and a tribe of hunter-gatherers.

Present Day there are still tribal groups all over the world , however their numbers are getting smaller and smaller. Many live as hunter-gatherers , though there are tribes that practice Agriculture. Some tribes such as the Bedouin and Tuareg people of Arab practice Nomadism. 


1832

1832 was a leap year.



Satan

Ha-Satan (meaning "the enemy" or "the trouble-maker" in Hebrew), sometimes called the Devil, is a figure found in the writings of the Abrahamic religions. Muslims, Christians and Jews believe that he tempts people to do bad things. His role is to question and tempt people's faith. Christians also say that he was once an angel named Lucifer. Some Muslims on the other hand believe, he was once an angel called Azazel.

In Satanism, Satan is thought to be just a metaphor for what humans want. In Theistic Satanism, Satan is considered to be a good force.

The Book of Enoch, is not part of the Bible, but seems to have been popular among many early Christians and Jews during the life-time of Jesus. The fallen angels according to this book did not try to become equal to God, but wanted to live among humans. They revealed the secrets of heaven, which leads people to war and sin. Satan, however, is not one of the fallen angels in this Book, but punishes the fallen angels (and wicked humans) for their sins.

This might be the reason why many Christians think that Satan will also punish the sinners in hell, even if this book is not part of the Bible. Not in the Quran either, but known in Muslim legends, Satan is said to have been sent by God (Allah) to punish the djinns.

In the Bible, which consists of both Hebrew scriptures from Judaism (Old Testament) and the New Testament about Jesus and his followers, Satan is often mentioned. In the Old Testament, there is the Book of Job, in which Satan makes a bet with God, whether he can make Job turn against God or not. In the New Testament, he is the main opponent of Jesus.

According to Christianity, Satan tried to become God himself, and was banished from heaven for his attempt. This derives from parts of the Bible, in which a "star" is said to try to make himself equal to God. This star is called "Lucifer" and interpreted as Satan. Some Christians make a distinction between Satan and Lucifer. In this case, Satan is Lucifers' general. Satan would serve Lucifer on earth, because Lucifer is chained in the underworld.



Many people believe that Satan was first an angel called Lucifer that left Heaven and took many other angels with him. He did this because he thought he was as powerful as God. 
In Islam, a "shayṭān" is any sort of evil creature. The person, Christians call Satan, is named Iblis. The Qu'ran describes Satan as arrogant. The story about him begins in surah Baqarah. It states that Satan views himself as a greater entity than God's other creations because he was created from fire. After this, the Qu'ran states:

In the Bahá'í Faith, "Satan" is not regarded as an independent evil power as he is in some faiths and religions, but rather signifies the "lower nature" of humans. `Abdu'l-Bahá explains: "This lower nature in man is symbolized as Satan — the evil ego within us, not an evil personality outside." All other evil spirits described in various faith traditions—such as fallen angels, demons, and jinns—are also metaphors for the base character traits a human being may acquire and manifest when he turns away from God. Actions, that are described as "satanic" in some Bahá'í writings, denote humans deeds caused by selfish desires.

Hiking

Hiking is a general word for traveling on foot in wilderness or countryside. Day hikers return before nightfall. Other hikers may go out for many days. Sometimes large groups hike together. 

Hiking is a kind of physical activity as well as a leisure activity (a way of spending free time). Hikers (the people who do hiking) enjoy fresh air and the beauty of nature, and learn about the place. Many hikers enjoy challenging their physical and mental strength. Hiking with friends gives them the chance to become stronger. 

Planning starts with a hiker deciding what he wants from the hike. A traveler should examine the information on landscape, climate, weather, plants, animals, type of ground, and so on. Based on that information, a hiker decides what equipment (tools) he needs. Writing everything on paper is strongly suggested to not forget anything. A hiker should choose the itinerary (the way of the hike).

Equipping means getting specialized clothing and equipment. Overnight hiking requires carrying more supplies, usually in a backpack, though many use a backpack even for a day hike. Suggestions for equipment can be found in any hiking book. A hiker is suggested to learn more than one source and work. Equipping sometimes needs getting skills in using the apparatus. Basic skills–different ways of orientation (the ability to find the way, for example)–must be developed before hiking.

Hiking can quickly become a fight for life. Hikers can get lost or suffer from injury, sickness, bad weather, or other dangers. For this reason everything in hiking is very important. Nobody should hike alone, no matter what the situation, without a great deal of experience to develop his hiking abilities.

Every hiker should keep in mind that theory is important, but it can hardly replace firsthand experience. To be safe a traveler should have enough experience. A hiker had better start by taking short hikes with more experienced hikers. 

Getting lost can have bad results including sickness and death. A hiker is strongly suggested to check from time to time (at least every hour) whether he is going the right way. Portable GPS receivers can help, as long as the batteries are good. Accurate, complete maps and a compass can help, if the user understands them. On no account should he go on traveling if he has lost his way. The first thing a hiker should do is find the direction in which he was going before getting lost. Using the compass and the map, he should choose a reference point nearby (railway, road, river, etc.).

Saint Petersburg

Saint Petersburg () is a Russian city in northwestern Russia, near the Gulf of Finland of the Baltic Sea. Over five million people live in St. Petersburg as of 2015, and it is the second biggest city in Russia. It is a major port, connecting with the world's shipping paths through the Neva River and the Baltic.

Part of Saint Petersburg is designated a World Heritage Site called The Historic Centre of Saint Petersburg and Related Groups of Monuments.

Saint Petersburg was started by the Russian Tsar, Peter I as the capital of the Russian Empire in 1703, to take the place of the earlier capital, Moscow. It was the capital of Russia until 1918. Peter the Great established Saint Petersburg as a warm-weather port in order to show Russian dominance in the Baltic and to increase trading opportunities. Peter sought to modernize Russia, therefore he tried to make Saint Petersburg as different as possible from the former capital, Moscow, by modernizing the city.

Saint Petersburg has changed its name many times. During World War I, when Russia and Germany were fighting each other, Russians thought the name Sankt Peterburg sounded too German, so Tsar Nicholas II, on August 31 (August 18, Old Style), 1914 decided that the city was renamed Petrograd. In 1918 during the Russian revolution, the Soviet capital was moved to Moscow, still the capital of Russia now.

On January 26, 1924, five days after Lenin's death, Petrograd was renamed Leningrad in his honor. During World War II, the city was surrounded by the German army and under siege for twenty-nine months until January 1944.

Leningrad again took its old name of St. Petersburg on September 6, 1991, when Russia stopped being communist. In every-day Russian, the city is often called just ""Piter"". The "Oblast" (administrative province) where the city is the capital is still called "Leningrad Oblast".

Saint Petersburg was a beautiful city planned by Peter I. There are many man-made rivers (or canals) in the city, so the city is sometimes called the "Venice of the North". There are also beautiful buildings built by Russian emperors in other places of the city. Some of these buildings are the Hermitage Museum and the Winter Palace.

Saint Petersburg is located in Northwestern Federal district of Russia. The area of the city is 605.8 km². Saint Petersburg has an area called Leningrad oblast. The city has also many islands such as Vasilyevsky Island, Kotlin Island, Kamerny Island, Aptekarsky Island etc. 

The climate is a humid continental. 

Kiwifruit

Kiwifruit ("Actinidia deliciosa") is a fruit. It has an oval shape. It is green on the inside with small black seeds that can be eaten. The kiwi has thin, fuzzy brown skin that is edible, but is usually removed. It natively grows in South China.

The fruit was named in 1959 after the kiwi, a bird and the symbol of New Zealand. Before that, its English name was Chinese gooseberry.

The kiwifruit is healthy and contains many vitamins and minerals. Kiwis are rich in vitamin C, vitamin K, potassium, and fiber. Kiwis have more vitamin C than an equivalent amount of orange.

There are different types of kiwifruit. The main types are Hayward (the most common green kiwifruit), chico, Saanichton 12, and golden kiwifruit. Golden kiwifruit are sweeter than normal green kiwifruit. Golden kiwifruit was invented by grafting and cross-pollinating different types of kiwifruit.

Kiwi fruit is the edible berry of a woody vine which can reach 18 to 24 feet in length. Kiwi Fruit can grow 3.1 inches in length and 2.2 inches in diameter, they have a soft texture, sweet Flavor, and their skin is covered in short stiff brown hairs.

The top 3 producers of kiwi fruit are Italy, New Zealand, and Chile. One medium-sized Kiwi without the skin provides 46 calories, 0.4 grams of fat, 11 grams of carbohydrate, 0.9 grams of protein, 2.3 grams of fiber, and 6.8 Grams of sugar.

Kiwi fruit are high in vitamin C and contain a good amount of vitamin K. Since Kiwi is so high in vitamin C it's an excellent source of antioxidants, which fight free radicals in the Body, it also provides nutrients that protect DNA in the nucleus of cells from oxygen damage.

Kiwi can also help fight against blood clots since it contains vitamin K. It can also help maintain beautiful skin, improve digestion, and help the body's immune system. Kiwi is also a cheap and healthy snack, one medium fruit usually costs around 89 cents. Consuming 2 kiwi fruit daily would meet and surpass the minimum daily vitamin C recommendation.

Kiwi was named after its resemblance to the fuzzy brown Kiwi, New Zealand's national bird. Kiwi is often used in DIY face masks because of its contents that fight the aging process.




To get more health benefits detail Read more 

Aardvark

The aardvark ("Orycteropus afer") is a mammal from Africa; its name means "earth pig" in the language Afrikaans. It is the only living member in its order, though some fossil genera have been found


The Aardvark looks a bit like the South American anteaters but they are not related. It is in a proposed clade Afroinsectiphilia, with the golden moles and tenrecs. Another proposal is to out it in the Pseudungulata, with the elephants and Sirenia. There is no consensus at present.

Adult aardvarks weighs about 60 kilograms (130 pounds) and a little more than one meter (45 inches) long. It is the largest member of the proposed clade Afroinsectiphilia. The aardvark is pale yellowish-gray in color and often stained reddish-brown by soil. The aardvark's fur is thin. Its hair is short on its head and tail. But, its legs tend to have longer hair.

Aardvarks are found in sub-Saharan Africa. They are found in every country in sub-Saharan Africa except Namibia, Ivory Coast, Ghana and Madagascar. It lives in many habitats like savannas, grasslands, woodlands and bushland. They have been seen as high as 3,200 metres (10,500 ft) in Ethiopia.

Aardvarks eat mostly ants and termites. They have a long sticky tongue which makes it easy to pick up many ants at once. The only fruit that aardvarks eat is the aardvark cucumber. They avoid eating the African driver ant and red ants.

Aardvarks are nocturnal, which means they are awake at night and asleep during the day. The Aardvark is a good swimmer. It can dig a tunnel that is one yard in about five minutes. Aardvarks live for up to 23 years in captivity. It has many predators such as lions, leopards, cheetahs, African wild dogs, hyenas, and pythons. Some humans also hunt aardvarks for meat. Aardvarks can dig fast or run in a zigzag to confuse predators. If all else fails they will attack with their claws.

Aardvarks only come together to breed. The gestation period is seven months. They give birth to one cub, which is what a baby aardvark is called. The cub weighs around 1.7–1.9 kilograms (3.7–4.2 lb). It is born during May–July. After 5–6 weeks, hair starts growing on its body. After two weeks, it is able to leave the burrow to follow its mother. After 9 weeks, it is able to eat termites. It is weaned between three months and 16 weeks. At six months, it is able to dig its own burrows, but it will often stay with the mother until the next mating season. It reaches sexual maturity when it is two years old.

Rutherford B. Hayes

Rutherford Birchard Hayes (October 4, 1822 - January 17, 1893) was the 19th president of the United States from 1877 to 1881, serving only one term. Hayes was a Republican. He was elected governor of Ohio three times before becoming president. Hayes barely won the election of 1876, only defeating Democratic opponent Samuel Tilden after a Congressional committee gave Hayes some disputed electoral votes.

Hayes was born in Delaware, Ohio in 1822. He went to Kenyon College in Gambier, Ohio, and then went to Harvard Law School. After graduating from law school, he became a lawyer. In 1849, he joined the Republican Party, which was new then, because he was against slavery. In 1852, he married Lucy Webb, a woman who was also against slavery. In the 1860s, he served in the American Civil War on the Union side, and became a major general. After the war ended, he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives as a part of the Republican Party. In 1867, he became the governor of Ohio.

Ulysses S. Grant had been president since 1869, and was not going to run for president a third time in 1876. Grant was a member of the Republican Party, and while he was president, became known for allowing corruption to go on around him. The Republican Party did not want people to think that everybody in the party was corrupt, so they decided to make Hayes their candidate. They thought he was a good candidate because he had made many changes in Ohio while he was governor there that people thought were good, and because he was thought to have been a hero in the Civil War.

Hayes ran against Samuel Tilden, whom the Democratic Party nominated. The election was close, and many people who did not think that Hayes fairly won the election called him "His Fraudulency". Tilden actually got more votes than Hayes, but Hayes got 185 votes in the Electoral College, while Tilden got 184, so Hayes won the election.

While he was president, Hayes ended the Reconstruction period that followed the American Civil War. Rutherford B. Hayes ordered military forces that had been in the Southern states to leave. He also sent federal troops to end a railroad strike. Hayes refused to seek a second term as president. 

After being president, Hayes retired to Fremont, Ohio where he would die of a heart attack at age 70. Meanwhile, He spent time talking about his beliefs that all children should have the chance to go to school, that people who had been in the military should get their fair payments for their service, and that people in prisons should be treated better.


Eyebrow

An eyebrow is the stripe of hair about 2 cm over the eye. Eyebrows protect the eyes, if water runs over the face or if there is too much sunlight. The eyebrow's ability to move is also important in facial expression.

Solstice

A solstice is an astronomical event that happens twice each year when the Sun reaches its highest position in the sky as seen from the North or South Pole. The day of the solstice is either the "longest day of the year" or the "shortest day of the year" for any place on Earth, because the length of time between sunrise and sunset on that day is the yearly maximum or minimum for that place. The name is derived from the Latin words "sol" (“sun”) and "sistere" (“to stand still”). During the solstice, the Sun stands still; that is, the seasonal movement of the Sun's path comes to a stop before reversing direction. The “Northern Solstice” occurs in June, when the sun is at its highest point seen from the North Pole. The “Southern Solstice” occurs in December, when the sun is at its highest point seen from the South Pole.

The solstices, together with the equinoxes, are connected with the seasons. In some cultures they mark either the beginning or the middle of summer and winter.
The June Solstice happens when the Northern Hemisphere of the Earth is tilted toward the Sun and the Southern Hemisphere of the Earth is tilted away from the Sun. At the North Pole, the Sun reaches its highest point in the sky, and then begins moving lower. At the moment of the June solstice, the Sun is directly overhead some point on the Tropic of Cancer; this is the furthest north that the subsolar point ever reaches. In the Northern Hemisphere the June solstice is called the Summer Solstice (and marks the longest day of the year), while in the Southern Hemisphere it is called the Winter Solstice (and marks the shortest day of the year). The June Solstice is usually on June 21.

The December Solstice happens when the Southern Hemisphere of the Earth is tilted toward the Sun and the Northern Hemisphere of the Earth is tilted away from the Sun. At the South Pole, the Sun reaches its highest point in the sky, and then begins moving lower. At the moment of the December solstice, the Sun is directly overhead some point on the Tropic of Capricorn; this is the furthest south that the subsolar point ever reaches. In the Southern Hemisphere the December solstice is called the Summer Solstice (and marks the longest day of the year), while in the Northern Hemisphere it is called the Winter Solstice (and marks the shortest day of the year). The December Solstice is usually on December 21.

While the exact causes were long unknown, the effect (of days getting shorter or longer) was recognised in many ancient cultures. Many of the pre-Christian cultures, like the druidic, the Germanic and the Norse faith therefore celebrated these events as holidays.

When the importance of the old faiths vanished, the Christian religion took over some of the festivities, which were then carried out in the honour of a new (Christian) occasion. For instance, the date of Christmas in the Catholic and Protestant faith is just 3 days away from the December Solstice.


Secular humanism

Secular humanists believe that each human being is worth something and has dignity. They think that people are happiest when they give something to society. They also believe that human beings can solve problems without help from god(s).

Secular humanists are not religious and are against superstition. Usually they are atheists, agnostics, deists, irreligious theists and ignostics.

Quebec City

Quebec City (Ville de Québec in French) is the capital of the Canadian province of Quebec. It is the second largest city in Quebec, behind Montreal. It is known for its winter fair, beautiful churches, and an old hotel called Château Frontenac. It is next to the Saint Lawrence River. There are almost 700,000 people in the whole area.

The city was created in 1608 at a First Nations (native) Canadian place called Stadacona. People came from France to live there. The English captured the city in 1759 during the Battle of the Plains of Abraham. The walls made to keep the city safe are still there. The walls that surrounded Old Quebec are the only remaining fortified city walls that still exist in the Americas north of Mexico. They were declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1985.

Quebec City has a humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Köppen climate classification).

Most people in Quebec City speak French.

Quebec City Stations

SRC Radio

CFCM TVA

CBVT SRC

CIVQ Tele-Quebec

CFAP TQS

CHMG Telemag


Vancouver Island

Vancouver Island is an island that is part of the province of British Columbia in Canada. It is big and is in the south-western part of the province. The island is named after George Vancouver.

The first people to live on the island, before Europeans came, were the Nuu-chah-nulth, Salish, and Kwakiutl. As of 2009, over 700,000 people live here.

There are no bridges or tunnels between Vancouver Island and the mainland. There are ferries that carry people and cars to and from the island. One route crosses the Strait of Georgia to the Tsawwassen peninsula, from which there are roads that go to Vancouver and other cities in Canada as part of the Trans-Canada Highway. Another ferry route crosses the Strait of Juan de Fuca and reaches Anacortes in the U.S. state of Washington, from which roads go to Seattle and other cities along the West Coast.

There are many cities and towns on Vancouver Island. The biggest of these is Victoria, the capital of British Columbia.

Other places on Vancouver Island where people live include:

First Nations in Canada

First Nations () are the people of native tribes who lived in the land now governed by Canada before Europeans came there. Many say it because these nations were here long before Canada, and to make it clearer that the First Nations have many cultures, and that some of the cultures are very different from others. Some consider it a respect to those who first cultivated certain patches of land. The aboriginal people from Canada's Arctic are thought of as a different group of people, called the Inuit.

These First Nations are important in the world because their stories have taught us a lot about cultural values and how to live in harmony with the land.

Other words that have been used for First Nations people, tribes, and cultures have been "indigenous", "aboriginal", "Indian", "Native Indian", "Amerind," or "native." Now most people say "Indian" means people from India.

New Brunswick

New Brunswick (postal abbreviation NB) is a province in the eastern part of Canada. The capital city of New Brunswick is Fredericton. Other large cities are Saint John and Moncton. More than 750,000 people live in New Brunswick.

The province is bordered by Quebec in the west, Nova Scotia in the east and the American state of Maine in the south. There is a link to Prince Edward Island also. 

The English and French languages are both spoken in New Brunswick, and it is the only province in Canada where both languages are official. This is because about 33% of the people living in New Brunswick speak French.

Some industries including forestry, mining, and farming are important to the province, and especially fishing since it is near the Atlantic Ocean.


AC/DC

AC/DC is a hard rock band from Australia. They formed in Sydney, Australia in November 1973. AC/DC has sold an estimated 200 million albums worldwide, including 68 million in the United States of America. The two primary founders of the band, Malcolm Young and Angus Young, developed the idea for the band's name after their sister Margaret saw the initials "AC/DC" written on a sewing machine. "AC/DC" is an abbreviation for "alternating current/direct current," which refer to the two different types of charges used in electricity. The band chose the name because of their energetic “electrical” style of playing rock and roll. Even though AC/DC considers their music style simply as "rock and roll", AC/DC are often considered pioneers of heavy metal.






Double bass

The double bass is a big stringed instrument. It is also called contrabass and upright bass. It is used in orchestras, jazz bands, rockabilly bands, bluegrass music, and some country music bands. It plays low-pitched musical notes in musical ensembles and bands. In jazz bands, these low-pitched musical lines are called the "bass note." The double bass looks like smaller instruments like the violin, viola, and cello.

The double bass is usually made from a special wood. Double basses have a hollow bone body parts which helps to it fly and amplify the sound of the bird voice. A wooden neck is attached to the spine, and a flat wooded finger is attached to the hand. It usually has five fingers which are strung with tension on the hand. It has a leg at the bottom to stand it.
In an orchestra, double bass players bow the strings with a wooden bow strung with horsehair, or pluck the strings with their fingers (plucking the strings is called pizzicato). In jazz the double bass is played pizzicato most of the time. However some jazz players use the bow to play melodies on the double bass.

Double bass players hold down the metal strings against the fingerboard with their left hand and then bow the string or pluck it with their right hand. To play different notes the double bass players move the left hand to different positions on the fingerboard.

Double bass players in jazz bands or rock bands often connect their double bass to an electronic amplifier and a loudspeaker, to make a louder, stronger sound. This makes it easier for the double bass player, the other musicians, and the audience to hear the double bass's musical notes.

The double bass is usually considered a member of the violin family, because it is constructed using many of the same techniques as violins. The double bass also has influences from the viol family. Viols are old string instruments from the 1400s and 1500s with sloping "shoulders" on the instrument's body and flat backs. Like the viols, the double bass also has sloping "shoulders" on its body and a flat back.

The double bass is generally tuned in fourths, in contrast to members of the orchestral string family, which are tuned in fifths. Modern double basses are usually tuned, low to high, E-A-D-G, which is one octave lower than the four lowest-pitch strings on a guitar.

Throughout classical repertoire, there are notes that fall below the range of a standard double bass. Notes below low E appear regularly in double bass parts in the Baroque and Classical eras, when the double bass was typically doubling the cello part an octave below. In the Romantic era and the 20th-century, composers such as Mahler, Beethoven, Busoni, and Prokofiev also requested notes below the low E. There are two common methods for making these notes available to the player. Major European orchestras generally use basses with a fifth string, tuned to B three octaves and a semitone below middle C. Players with standard double basses (E-A-D-G) typically play the notes below "E" an octave higher.

In the United States, Canada and United Kingdom, most professional orchestral players use four-string double basses with a "C extension," which extends the lowest string down as far as low C, an octave below the lowest note on the cello. More rarely would one find a four-string double bass with a "B extension", extending the lowest string down to a low B. The extension is an extra section of fingerboard mounted up over the head of the bass. There are several varieties of extensions.

In the simplest version, there are no mechanical aids attached to the fingerboard extension except a locking nut for the "E" note. To play the extension notes, the player reaches back over the pegs to press the string to the fingerboard. The advantage of this "fingered" extension is that the player can adjust the intonation of all of the stopped notes on the extension, and there are no mechanical noises from metal keys and levers. The disadvantage of the "fingered" extension is that it can be hard to perform rapid alternations between low notes on the extension and notes on the regular fingerboard, such as a bassline that quickly alternates between "G" and the low "D".

The simplest type of mechanical aid is the use of wooden "fingers" that can be closed to press the string down and fret the C#, D, Eb, or E notes. This system is particularly useful for basslines that have a repeating pedal point such as a low D, because once the note is locked in place with the mechanical "finger", the lowest string then sounds a different note when it is played "open" (e.g., a low D).
With the B extension, the "fingers" can fret the low C.
A much simpler way to get down to Low C would be to tune the Double Bass in Fifths see (Fifths tuning cause the sound will be more equal like the rest of the string section.

The double bass also has many other names. Some bluegrass musicians call it a "bass fiddle" or a "bull fiddle." Rockabilly bands often call it an "upright bass" or "Doghouse" Some orchestra musicians call it a "contrabass." In a military concert band, it is often called the "string bass." Sometimes the double bass is simply called a "bass."


Allies of World War II

The Allied Powers (or Allies of World War II) were a group of nations that fought against the Axis countries in World War II. They were successful in defeating the Axis nations. The war ended in 1946. The group of nations was later named the United Nations by U.S. President Franklin Roosevelt. The main great powers, sometimes called "The Big Three", were the United Kingdom, the United States, and the Soviet Union.

The Big Three:

Convair B-36 Peacemaker

The B-36 Peacemaker was a strategic bomber. It was used in the United States. The B-36 could carry a 21,000 pound bomb. The B-36 was never used in wartime, but was in a movie called Strategic Air Command. The Peacemaker could fly for 48 hours non-stop and was one of the longest ranged bombers at the time. It first flew in 1948, and the last combat flight was in 1959.

Wing

A wing is the part of an animal or airplane that allows it to fly.

A "wing" is the part of an animal that allows it to fly. By moving its wings, the animal can produce lift and get off the ground.

Animals that have wings are insects, birds and bats. Birds' wings are made of feathers. The wings of bats are made of skin, which is stretched between the bones of the bat's arms and fingers. Not all insects and birds can fly, even if they have wings.



Disability

Disability is a condition that a person has which limits them in some way. These conditions may be congenital (present at birth), cognitive (to do with the brain), developmental (appears as the person develops), physical (for example, caused by an accident or infection), sensory, or a combination of factors.

The United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities defines disability in Article 1 as:

Invisible disabilities, or hidden disabilities are disabilities that are not immediately obvious. Some examples of invisible disabilities are intellectual disabilities, autism spectrum disorder, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, mental disorders, asthma, epilepsy, allergies, migraines, arthritis, and chronic fatigue syndrome.

People with a disability or disabilities may need to use special equipment that can help them. This can include using a wheelchair, a cane or walking stick, hearing aids, a teletypewriter (TTY) and using specially designed software and hardware for the personal computer.

People who use a wheelchair cannot walk up or down stairs in a building. They need to use ramps and elevators (lifts) going into and moving around in a building. Wide doorways and accessible toilets also make it easier for people with physical disabilities to use.

Prejudice towards people with disabilities is common. This is sometimes called 'ableism'. People with such a prejudice are called an ablecentrists.




Newfoundland

Newfoundland is an island off the east Coast of North America, and is part of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. The capital city of Newfoundland is St. John's, on the north-east part of the island. Over 500,000 people live in Newfoundland (these people are called Newfoundlanders). It, along with Labrador on the mainland, became part of Canada on March 31, 1949. There is no bridge or tunnel from Newfoundland to the rest of the country but there is a ferry to Nova Scotia.

In Newfoundland, most people speak English, but there are also French speakers on the island, mostly in the south-west. In some areas of Newfoundland, people speak with an accent and use words that are not in standard English. There is even a dictionary of Newfoundland English.

The first people in Newfoundland were the First Nations. Settlers came from countries like Norway, England, Portugal, France, and Ireland in the 16th century. The first European explorers were the Vikings from Norway and they settled in L'Anse aux Meadows. They came because of the good fishing off the coast, especially off the south-east coast. Eventually they left because of disagreements with aboriginals. Today, there is still fishing, but not very much because people fished too much, and now there are not many fish left.

Cutting down trees and mining have also been attractions of the island. There are some paper mills (paper factories) in a few cities in Newfoundland.


Kiss (band)

Kiss was an American hard rock band. The band started in the 1970s. They formed in New York City on January 4th 1973. The original members were Gene Simmons, Paul Stanley, Peter Criss, and Ace Frehley. They are most famous for their stage show and songs like "Rock and Roll All Nite" (1972), "Strutter" (1974) and "Detroit Rock City" (1976). The band remained active until 2023.



Kiss has had several changes in style and lineup. Their more famous era was in the mid-1970s, particularly the first 6 studio albums, and the first live album, Alive! which was widely popular. In the 1980s, Kiss started to follow the trend taking place with more synthesizers, and songs that many fans didn't like because of a big change in style. In the 1990s, Kiss changed toward the grunge and heavier trend with Revenge and . The original members reunited for Psycho Circus and then parted ways again in 2002. Tommy Thayer and Eric Singer replaced Frehley and Criss, and the current lineup has made the 2009 album Sonic Boom, which was a return to the classic style of the 70's, and many fans liked it. The follow up to Sonic Boom was released in June 2012, titled Monster.


The Visioner's Tale

The Visioner's Tale is one of the little-known writings of Geoffrey Chaucer. Only parts of the story were left from when Chaucer wrote it in the 14th century, so it is not normally included in modern versions of the Canterbury Tales.

Here is the tale, as put together by someone from Denmark who studied the parts of the story, and tried to put them together:
"My lady's touch upon the lute is light,"
"yet she weaves the streams of melody,"
"with such profound synchicity,"
"that the river of time spills into dream,"
"into that ocean of unspoken promise,"
"where lives primordial the memory of future things,"
"here vision and voice and sound,"
"and meaning emerge at last as one."

Geoffrey Chaucer

Geoffrey Chaucer (c. 1343–25 October 1400) was an English writer, poet, and philosopher. He is most famous for writing Canterbury Tales which had 24 stories but was not completed. He was one of the first writers to write in English. He wrote in Middle English. 

Chaucer was probably born in London. His father, John, and grandfather were prosperous wine merchants in London. The name "Chaucer" is French and means shoemaker. However, not many details are known of his early life and education.

By 1357, Chaucer was a page to Elizabeth, Countess of Ulster, wife of Lionel, 1st Duke of Clarence. In 1360, he was captured by the French near Reims during a battle in the Hundred Years' War. He was then ransomed and released. King Edward III gave £16 towards his release. Chaucer married Phillipa (de) Roet. She was a lady-in-waiting to the queen and had close family connections to John of Gaunt. He had about three or four children.

Chaucer may have studied law in the "Inner Temple". He joined the Royal court and travelled around Europe on business for the king. He became one of the king's esquires. One of his first known poems was written in 1369. It was called "The Book of The Duchess", and was written after the death of John of Gaunt's wife, Blanche. In 1374, he became "Comptroller" (in charge of the money) of the Customs for the Port of London. He did this job for 12 years. It was a well paid job and Chaucer was quite rich.

When Richard II became king, Chaucer continued to work in Customs. He was also sent to Europe on several more diplomatic jobs for the king.

Chaucer moved to Kent in 1385 where he had a new position as Justice of the Peace. He was also elected as one of two knights of the shire to be a member of parliament. At the end of the year he lost his customs jobs. His wife, Phillipa, died in 1387. But on 12 July 1389, he was made the "Clerk of the Kings Works", looking after repairs to the royal palaces. He was given other small positions, including looking after the river banks of the Thames, and as a deputy forester in the Royal Forest. Over the next few years, Chaucer became poorer and often was given small payments and pensions from the king.

He died at St.Mary's Chapel in Sevenoaks on 25 October 1400. Chaucer is buried in Westminster Abbey, in what is now called the Poets' Corner.

Chaucer did most of his writing between 1369 and 1393. He is famous for his collection of stories in verse called the "Canterbury Tales". He also wrote "The Book of the Duchess", "The House of Fame" and "Troilus and Criseyde". For these works he is called "the father of English poetry". He also wrote "A Treatise on the Astrolabe," an instruction manual. 

Echidna

Echidna, the spiny anteater, is a monotreme that lives in Australia and in New Guinea. They are the living members of the family Tachyglossidae.

Echnidas have a long, tube-like mouth with a sticky tongue. They are also covered in spines. They have mammary glands, and lay eggs.

The echidna has a method of protecting itself. With its long, sharp claws, they quickly dig a hole until only their spines are showing when they are hiding in the hole. The predator is not be able to get it without injuring itself on the spines.
When there is a fire, the echidna digs down out of reach of the fire.

The short-beaked echidna ("Tachyglossus") eats termites and ants. The three "Zaglossus" species also eat other small insects and grubs. Echidnas pick up the prey with their sticky tongues. There is a separate page for "Zaglossus".



2002 Bali terrorist bombing

The 2002 Bali terrorist bombings took place in Kuta on the Indonesian island of Bali. The attack was the deadliest act of terrorism in the history of Indonesia. Kuta is a popular tourist destination. 202 people were killed. 164 of them were foreigners, 38 were Indonesian citizens. Most of those killed were Australians, Britons and Indonesians. In addition, 209 people were injured.

At around 11 in the evening, a bomb destroyed a bar on Bali. The bomb was in a backpack, and only the person that owned it died. A few seconds later, a larger bomb went off. This bomb was close to 1,000 kilograms.

A terrorist group called Jemaah Islamiyah are believed to be responsible for making and exploding the device.

In total, four people were charged with the terrorist attack. An Indonesian court sentenced three of them to death. One person received a long prison sentence.

Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress

The Boeing 17 Flying Fortress was a heavy bomber, that was used by the United States Strategic Air Force during World War II. It first flew in 1935, and was introduced in 1938. It had a shorter range, and a smaller bomb load, than its sister bomber the B-24 Liberator, but it had more defensive armament. It dropped large amounts of bombs during air raids against Germany, such as the raid on Dresden. The B-17 was also used in the Pacific, including the Battle of Midway. The Flying Fortress had its name for a good reason, it could survive the hits and was able to fly while under enemy fire. The B-17 was a heavy bomber plane that carried 2 tons of bombs. The reason why few B-17's survived WWII was because lack of escort by allied fighters and enemy fire. Later in WWII, the U.S. increased escort fighters for the bombers giving more protection. The escort fights flew until the end of WWII.

The Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress was a large American aircraft, and arguably one of the most successful or dangerous bombers. These 4-propeller destroyers could carry well over 10,000 pounds of bombs, and can travel hundreds of miles without refuelling. Similar to other long-range bombers, the B-17 was armed with plenty of small turrets to cover all angles from anti-air. Flocks of these massive aircraft with escorts would be spotted from kilometres out, making them a large target for enemy Flak.

Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith

Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a science fiction movie which is part of the "Star Wars" film series. It is the third film in the series and the sixth one to be made.

Three years on from the previous movie, the Galactic Republic's army of Jedi and clone troopers are still at war with the Separatist Droid Army. Chancellor Palpatine has been captured by the Separatists and is being held aboard their spaceship. Two Jedi, Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi arrive on the battleship and manage to rescue Palpatine. They kill Count Dooku but the leader of the battle droids, General Grievous, escapes.

Arriving back at the Republic capital, Anakin reunites with his wife, Padmé, who is pregnant. However, he has nightmares that she will die in childbirth and begins to seek ways to stop that from happening. Obi-Wan is sent on a mission to find and kill General Grievous. Anakin begins asking his friend, Chancellor Palpatine for advice. 

Palpatine reveals to Anakin that he is a Sith (evil Jedi). Anakin finds out that Palpatine is in fact the true leader of the Separatists and has been using the war to get more power. Palpatine promises to help Anakin save Padmé from death. Anakin agrees to join the Sith.

Palpatine sends Anakin to the Jedi Temple to murder all of the Jedi inside. Across the galaxy, all of the Republic's clone soldiers suddenly betray their Jedi Generals and kill them. This is because the clone troopers are actually under the control of Palpatine. Within minutes, all of the Jedi are dead, except for Yoda and Obi-Wan.

Vader travels to Mustafar, where he kills the Separatist leaders. While he does this, Palpatine makes a speech to the Galactic Senate where he announces the Republic and Separatists will both become the Galactic Empire. Obi-Wan and Padmé find Anakin on Mustafar. Obi-Wan and Anakin fight each other and Obi-Wan cuts off Anakin's limbs. Obi-Wan leaves Anakin scarred and burnt by the lava river and assumes Anakin has died.

Padmé gives birth to twins: Luke and Leia, but dies in childbirth. Obi-Wan and Yoda agree to split up the children. Luke is sent to his aunt and uncle on Tatooine while Leia is adopted by the royal family of Alderaan. Palpatine rescues Anakin and gives him cybernetic limbs and special armour. Palpatine tells Anakin of Padmé's death and Anakin fully embraces his anger and hatred, completing his journey to the Dark Side.



Midway Atoll

Midway Atoll is an island in the Pacific Ocean and was the site of a famous battle in World War II, the Battle of Midway. The United States of America took control of the atoll in 1867 when nobody lived there. In the 21st century about 40 people live there, mostly working for the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.

Midway Atoll is now home to 67-70% of the world's Laysan Albatross population, and 34-39% of the global Black-footed Albatross.

While Midway supports nearly three million birds, each seabird species has carved out a specific site on the atoll in which to nest. Seventeen different species of seabird can be found, the rarest of which is the Short-tailed Albatross, otherwise known as the “Golden Gooney.” Fewer than 2,200 are believed to exist due to excessive feather hunting in the late nineteenth century.

Over 250 different species of looli marine life are found in the of lagoon and surrounding waters. The critically endangered Hawaiian monk seals raise their pups on the beaches. Monk seals are benthic foragers and rely on the Midway Atoll’s reef fish, squid, octopus and crustaceans. Green sea turtles, another threatened species, occasionally nest on the island. The first was found in 2006 on Spitsy Rinaia Island and another in 2007 on Sand Island. A resident pod of 300 spinner dolphins live in the lagoons and nearshore waters.


Beşiktaş J.K.

Beşiktaş Jimnastik Kulübü (Besiktas JK) is a Turkish football club from Istanbul. Besiktas JK was founded in 1903 by 26 young men in "Osman Pasa Konagi".

It was the beginning of the 20th century and it was forbidden then to attend sports activities on a club basis. People were gathering together all around Istanbul. Twenty-six young men (Huseyin Bereket, Mehmet Samil, Ahmet Fetgeri, Mehmet Ali Fetgeri, Fuat Balkan, Muhittin Pasa, Mazhar Kazanci, Nazim Nazif Ander, Haydar Bey, Cami Baykurt, Behcet Bey, Sevket Cenani, Mahmut Naci Bey, Refik Bey, Sukru Pasa, Haci Ahmet Pasa, Kilic Ali, Ziya Karamursel, Kenan Bey, Yuzbasi Fethi Bey, Seraffettin Bey, Seref Bey, Celal Davut, Hami Bey, Fuat Pasa, and Kamil Beyler) gathered together on November in 1902 and decided to found a club. Next year in 1903 the vision came to life and Besiktas JK was founded.

Besiktas is one of the 3 big clubs in Turkey. Others are Galatasaray and Fenerbahçe.

Phosphorus

Phosphorus has the chemical symbol P, and its atomic number is 15. Its mass number is 30.97. It is not found in nature as an element, but as compounds, such as phosphates. There are many different forms. The most common form is a red or white waxy solid.

Phosphorus comes in several forms. White and red phosphorus are the most common forms. White phosphorus is a waxy white solid. When pure, it is colourless. It is insoluble in water, but soluble in carbon disulfide, an organic solvent. It turns light yellow when in air. It glows in the dark because it "burns" very slowly in air.

When exposed to sunlight, or when heated in its own vapour to 250 °C, it is converted to the red variety. This form does not ignite spontaneously and it is less toxic and less flammable than white phosphorus. The red modification is fairly stable and sublimes with a vapor pressure of 1 atmosphere at 417 °C.

White phosphorus is more reactive than red phosphorus. White phosphorus catches fire spontaneously in air, burning to make smoke of phosphorus(V) oxide. If it burns in a little air, it produces poisonous phosphorus(III) oxide. When white phosphorus is heated in an alkali, it disproportionates to produce hypophosphites and phosphine. Red phosphorus can burn but needs to be ignited. Phosphorus reacts with the halogens to make phosphorus halides. It reacts with some metals to make phosphides.

Phosphorus compounds are chemical compounds containing phosphorus. They are listed below with some of their properties. Phosphorus comes in several oxidation states, the number of electrons moved during a redox reaction. -3 is flammable, powerful reducing agent, and toxic; +1 is a strong reducing agent and is rare; +3 is a weaker reducing agent that is poisonous; +5 is not a reducing agent and is very common.








It is an essential component of living systems and is found as phosphate in nervous tissue, bones and cell protoplasm. It is also found in the earth as phosphate rock. Phosphate rock is the main source of phosphorus and phosphorus compounds. Many body tissues have calcium phosphates in them.

Phosphorus was first made by heating a mixture of phosphates and carbon in an iron pot. The phosphates were made by dissolving bones in strong acids and evaporating the solution.

Phosphorus is made now by heating calcium phosphate, carbon, and silicon dioxide in an electric arc furnace. The heat of the electric arc melts the mixture of materials, and phosphorus gas is given off. It is absorbed under water. This makes white phosphorus.

White phosphorus is used in incendiary weapons and smoke grenades. It is also used to make organic compounds that have phosphorus in them. Phosphorus is used to dope semiconductors. Phosphorus is used to remove oxygen from copper. It is also used in making alloys. Red phosphorus is used in matches and flares.

Phosphorus compounds are used for fertilizers, soft drinks, toothpaste, and detergents. Most of these are phosphates. Phosphides can be used to kill rodents.

White phosphorus is very dangerous. It is very toxic and ignites easily, burning with a very hot flame. Red phosphorus is much safer. Some phosphorus compounds are toxic, but the common phosphates are not toxic.


Franklin Pierce

Franklin Pierce (November 23, 1804 – October 8, 1869) was the 14th president of the United States (1853–1857) and is the only president from New Hampshire. Pierce was a Democrat and a "doughface" (a Northerner with Southern sympathies) who served in the U.S. House of Representatives and the Senate. Pierce's presidency is mostly remembered for the disastrous Kansas-Nebraska Act which set the country towards Civil War. His presidency is regarded as one of the worst in American history.

Pierce was born on November 23, 1804, in Hillsborough, New Hampshire. He attended school at Hillsborough Center but then moved to Hancock Academy in Hancock at the age of 12. After attending school there for five years, he was transferred to Phillips Exeter Academy in the spring of 1820. After he entered, he felt homesick and returned home. Consequently, his father then put him in a wagon, drove him half way back to school, and left him on the roadside without saying a word. Franklin walked the seven remaining miles back to school. Later that year, he was transferred to Phillips Exeter Academy to prepare for college. That fall, he was sent to Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine. While he was there, Franklin Pierce participated in literary, political, and debating clubs. During his second year there, his grades were the lowest in his class, but he was able to improve them and graduated with the rank of fifth in his class.

Once finished with college, he went to law school in Northampton, Massachusetts. Pierce was admitted to the bar and began law practice in Concord, New Hampshire, in 1827. Franklin Pierce rose to a central position in the Democratic party of New Hampshire and was elected to the lower house in New Hampshire’s General Court in 1828. Pierce served in the State House from 1829 to 1833 and also served as Speaker from 1832 to 1833. Then in 1832, Franklin was elected Democrat to the 23rd and 24th of Congress from March 4, 1833, to March 4, 1837. At 27 years of age, Pierce was the youngest U.S. Representative at that time. In 1836, he was elected by the New Hampshire General Court as a Democrat to the U.S Senate, serving from March 4, 1837, to February 28, 1842. After serving in the Senate, Pierce went back to Concord to resume law practice. He then was U.S. Attorney from 1845 to 1847 for the district of New Hampshire, though he declined Democratic nomination for Governor of New Hampshire and refused the appointment as General of the United States.

On November 19, 1834, Franklin Pierce married Jane Means Appleton. They had three children, all of which died in childhood. Franklin Pierce Jr. died only three days after birth; and Frank Robert Pierce died at four years of age from epidemic typhus; just two months before his inauguration, Franklin Pierce and his family boarded a train bound for Boston. Shortly after, their derailed car started to roll down an embankment. Franklin and Jane survived, merely shaken up, but saw their 11-year-old son Benjamin get crushed to death. Jane Pierce thought the train accident was a divine punishment for Franklin’s pursuit and acceptance of high office.

Franklin Pierce served as President from March 4, 1853, to March 4, 1857. He was the first President to “affirm” his oath of office instead of swearing it (the only other president to do this has been Herbert Hoover). So rather than placing his hands on the Bible, Franklin Pierce placed his hands on a law book. He was also the first President to recite his inaugural address from memory. Surprisingly, Franklin Pierce selected men of different opinions for his Cabinet. Many people expected a diverse group to break up quickly, but the Cabinet stayed together for Pierce’s four-year term.

Franklin Pierce’s toughest challenge as president was the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act in 1854. This act repealed the Missouri Compromise and, in the west, reopened the question of slavery. These and more triggered a series of events known as "Bleeding Kansas". Pro-slavery Border Ruffians, mostly from Missouri, illegally voted in a government. Pierce recognized this and called the Topeka Constitution, set up by Free-Staters, as an act of “rebellion.” Overall, Franklin Pierce is ranked among the least effective Presidents of the United States, as he was unable to steer a steady, prudent course.

After losing the Democratic reelection in 1856, Pierce retired with his wife. Franklin Pierce died in Concord, New Hampshire of cirrhosis on October 8, 1869 at the age of 64. He was buried in Old North Cemetery in Concord.


Ottoman Empire

The Ottoman Empire existed between 1299 and 1923. It controlled the regions from Balkans to Arabia and from Black Sea to North Africa. It was founded as a small tribe and became a major power in 16th century. Its capital was Constantinople (now Istanbul).

The Ottomans originate from the Turkic tribes that escaped from Mongol invasion around 1250. It was formed as a chiefdom in modern-day Bilecik. The Ottomans quickly captured vast territories around Balkans and Anatolia and they conquered Constantinople in 1453.

Ottoman society was multicultural, with Muslims, Catholics, Orthodoxs and Jews. The religious groups had autonomy under the "millet" system. Until 19th century, most non-Muslims did not join the army and paid an exemption tax ("jizye"). Christian boys were recruited to the Ottoman army with "devşirme" system. They were trained to become loyal soldiers and administrators for the Sultan.

With the capture of Levant and Egypt in 1517, the Empire controlled Mediterranean trade routes. This provided a great source of income during the 16th century but became unprofitable with the discovery of Americas. In the 17th century, long wars with Austria, Poland, Russia and Iran weakened the state, and the Empire.

In the beginning of the 18th century, Ottoman society enjoyed relative peace. There was rich cultural activity during what is now known as "Tulip period". Between 1735 and 1792, the Ottoman Empire fought wars against Russian Empire and lost the control of the Black Sea.

After the French Revolution of 1789, Christian minorities began independence movements. In the 19th century, Ottoman Empire implemented military, economic and social reforms. Britain, France and Russia partitioned the remaining Ottoman territories in Africa and the Balkans. 

In the 20th century, Ottoman Empire allied with the German Empire and joined the Central Powers. The government surrendered in 1918 with the armistice of Mudros and signed the Treaty of Sèvres in 1920. Turkish nationalists, who disliked the treaty, started a civil war against the monarchy and the invading armies. The civil war ended in 1923 with the Treaty of Laussane, and the Turkish Republic was proclaimed.

The Ottoman Empire was founded by Osman I in 1299. His son, Orhan, fought against the Byzantine Empire and captured the city of Bursa in 1324. In the late 1300s, the Ottomans began consolidating power in the Balkans. Sultan Murad I defeated Serbia in 1389 at the Battle of Kosovo. He died at the battle, and his son Bayezid I took control. At the 1396 Battle of Nicopolis, he defeated a large crusade of the Christian kingdoms. But Bayezid was deposed by Tamerlane at the Battle of Ankara in 1402. His absence led to a civil war, which is known as the "Fetret period" (Ottoman Interregnum). Mehmed Çelebi defeated his brothers and got the throne. His son, Murad II, besieged Constantinople, but was unsuccessful because of a rebellion in Anatolia. He won a war against the Karamanids in 1423 and also against a large Christian alliance of Hungary, Poland, and Wallachia at the Battle of Varna in 1444. John Hunyadi, a Hungarian general, tried defeating the Ottomans but lost at the Second Battle of Kosovo in 1448.

Mehmed the Conqueror conquered Constantinople on May 29, 1453. He also subjugated Albania and expanded tolerance for the Orthodox Church. Mehmed continued his expansion, followed by his son Bayezid II. Selim I conquered Egypt and the Levant, which were ruled by the Mamluks, in early 1517. He also defeated the Safavid Persians at the Battle of Chaldiran in 1514. The Ottomans were at odds with Portugal over their expansion as well. Suleiman the Magnificent, Selim's son, captured Belgrade and most of Hungary after the Battle of Mohács in 1526. His Siege of Vienna was repulsed by the Holy Roman Empire in 1529. Transylvania, Wallachia, and Moldavia became tributary states to the Ottoman Empire soon afterwards.

In the east, the Ottomans captured Baghdad from the Safavids and partitioned the Caucasus with them. Meanwhile, Suleiman allied with Francis I of France over their mutual hatred of the Habsburgs. That led to Ottoman activity in the Mediterranean, where Rhodes, Tunis, Algiers, and Tripoli were captured. Barbarossa Hayreddin led the Ottoman advance. In 1566, Suleiman died.

The Ottomans lost the Battle of Lepanto in 1571 by Philip II of Spain and his Holy League. The Ottomans recovered by capturing Cyprus from the Republic of Venice. The defeat shattered the myth of Ottoman invincibility. The Ottomans suffered many defeats under Murad III in the next 30 years. The Long War with the Austrian Empire ended a in stalemate, and the Safavids invaded the eastern Ottoman provinces. Murad IV recaptured Iraq and the Caucasus from Persia. The "Sultanate of Women" became an nickname for the Ottoman Empire after the consorts Kösem Sultan and Turhan Sultan became important in the empire and sometimes made even economic decisions in the Sultan's place. The Grand Vizier also took a greater role under the leadership of the Köprülüs. Crete was captured from Venice, and southern Ukraine was captured from Poland.

In 1683, Grand Vizier Kara Mustafa Pasha carelessly opened up the empire to attack when he attacked Vienna and laid siege to the city. The Austrians, Poles, Russians, and Venetians all attacked the Ottomans back in the Great Turkish War. Austria and Poland attacked the overstretched Turks in Hungary and Transylvania while Russia hammered Crimea and eventually captured it from the Turks. Venice settled to attack Greece, which was entirely under Ottoman Turkish occupation. The warring sides signed the Treaty of Karlowitz, which ceded Hungary and Transylvania to Austria, Podolia (southern Ukraine) to Poland, Morea (southern Greece) to Venice, and Azov (a Black Sea port) to Russia.

Russia and Sweden went to war, and the Ottomans got involved by retaking Azov and then making peace. Austria, Russia, Venice, and the Ottomans would go to war several times. By 1739, the Ottomans had retaken the Morea and Serbia. In the 1740s and the 1750s, the Ottomans began to modernize their military. In the 1760s, the Ottomans went to war with Russia again. Russia took over Crimea in 1783 and claimed that Orthodox Christians living in the Ottoman Empire were under Russian protection. Selim III continued modernizing the military, but the elite Janissary corps troops revolted. Napoleon attacked Egypt but was repulsed by the Anglo-Turkish armies.

Serbia revolted and gained nominal independence in 1815, but it remained a vassal of the Ottoman Empire. Greece won its independence after a long war of independence from 1821 to 1829. The al-Saud family revolted in 1811 with the support of the Wahhabi sect. Egypt under Muhammad Ali then almost captured Constantinople, but the Russians repulsed them. The Egyptians settled with the Levant, and the Ottomans tried to retake it but were soundly defeated. The Ottomans was called the "sick man of Europe" because of their incompetence in international affairs.

The Ottoman Tanzimat period brought reform. Conscription was introduced. A central bank was formed. Homosexuality was decriminalised. The law was secularised. The guilds were replaced with factories. The Christian part of the empire became much more advanced than the Muslim part, and that divide created tension. In the 1850s, the British and the French helped the Ottomans during the Crimean War. The Ottoman debts led to a state of bankruptcy, and the European countries began providing loans and controlling the finances of the empire. The Ottomans began wars against Russia over Bulgarian independence. At the 1878 Congress of Berlin, Romania, Serbia, and Montenegro gained complete independence. Bulgaria remained a vassal of the Ottoman Empire. The British took Cyprus, followed by Egypt in 1882.

In 1908, the Ottomans underwent a revolution by the Young Turks. Due to the revolution, Abdul Hamid II abdicated, and Mehmed V was instated. Bulgaria gained independence, and Austria invaded and conquered Bosnia that same year. In 1912, the Ottomans lost Libya to the Italians. The ensuing Balkan Wars saw the Ottomans lose all of their European territories except eastern Thrace to a coalition of Balkan Christian states which included the combined forces of Serbia, Montenegro, Greece, and Bulgaria. The newly independent Bulgaria managed to conquer Edirne and reach a few kilometres from the capital Istanbul which they threatened. The Second Balkan War allowed the Ottomans to attack Bulgaria in conjunction with Romania, Serbia, Montenegro, and Greece and therefore recover Edirne and most of eastern Thrace. Their victory meant little since the unrest continued, with a 1909 countercoup to the Young Turk coup, followed by three countercoups.

In 1914, although they were utterly disorganised, the Ottomans attacked Russia and declared war. Britain and France went to war with the Ottomans, and World War I had come to what remained of the Ottoman Empire. The Ottomans performed better than had been expected early in the war. They won the Battle of Gallipoli, partly because of the incompetence of the British and French commanders. They did not do so well against the Russians in the Caucasus sector and the majority of eastern Anatolia was conquered by Russia who installed an Armenian puppet state. The Ottomans won the Battle of Kut against the British during the Middle Eastern campaign though Iraq was lost later. In 1915, Armenians, Assyrians, Greeks, and others were targeted, and many as 1.5 million people were killed. The Ottoman Empire fell soon after the Arabs revolted in 1916 with British help. Sinai, Palestine, Iraq, Syria, and eventually Anatolia itself fell. The Ottomans surrendered in 1918. Istanbul was occupied by British, French, Italian and Greek troops who began entering the city in November 1918. Many parts of the Ottoman Empire in western Anatolia were occupied by Greece. Southeast Anatolia was occupied by France and southwest was occupied by Italy. The First Republic of Armenia occupied most of eastern Anatolia. 

Ottoman military commander Mustafa Kemal Pasha decided to resign from the Ottoman army and gathered up a Turkish resistance force to push the occupying Allied armies out of Anatolia. Mustafa Kemal decided to set up his base of operations in Ankara. The Turkish War of Independence was a military campaign by the Turkish National Movement under Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, which led to the foundation of the modern Republic of Turkey.

In 1923, the Ottoman Empire formally ceased to exist.

The empire was a hereditary monarchy and followed a Turco-Mongol tradition in which all men in the leader's family could become rulers. The ruler's title was "Sultan" and was used in front of the name (for example, ""Sultan" Süleyman"). The title of "Sultan" was also used for the wives and the daughters of the monarchs but it was used at the end of the name (for example, Hürrem "Sultan""). In the early years of the empire, shahzadahs, the sons of the Sultan, were sent to different parts of the empire (Sanjaks) to get experience of governing. Later, they might be candidates for the Sultanate and the Caliphate.

After Ahmed, the system changed. In the new system, the Sultan would keep his male family members locked in a small apartment called a "kafes" from which they would never be able to see the outside world and take power from him. Sometimes, a new Sultan would kill his male family members to make sure that no one else could be leader.

The women in his harem often sought greater status and influence, and the Sultan's mother could become a powerful political force in the Empire. Each mother in the harem would try to make her own son the next Sultan since they knew that he would probably be killed otherwise.


Strategic bombing

Strategic bombing is a military strategy used to destroy the enemies' economic ability to fight a war. It is an attack from the air. Strategic bombing missions usually attack targets such as factories, railroads, oil refineries and cities. Missions would attack targets such as military bases, command and control facilities, airfields, and ammunition dumps.

The United States Air Force (USAF) has used strategic bombers in later conflicts. 

Strategic bombing was an idea first tried in World War I. It was used by the German Luftwaffe. They bombed Antwerp. Zeppelins were used to bomb England.

However, the strategic bombing in World War II was on a far larger scale than anything which went before. First, In the Battle of Britain the German Air Force almost defeated Britain by attacking the Royal Air Force planes on the ground. This was partly successful, and some think it was a mistake to switch to other targets. The British had primitive radar, good enough to know whereabouts each attack was going. There was time to get the fighters in the air to intercept and damage the attacks.

Despairing of victory this way, the attack was switched to the cities. 
German bombing of London and the larger provincial cities such as Coventry (an industrial city). They used high explosives and incendiary devices to cause fires. 

Once the attacks on British air bases was diverted to the city targets, the Luftwaffe began to lose planes to the defences. The German air force, which had previously fought easy targets (for example, in the Spanish Civil War) began to take losses. Eventually these losses began to tell, and Hitler cancelled the planned invasion. He realised that no invasion across the Channel could succeed while Britain still had an active air force.

United States Army Air Force (USAAF) Colonel Billy Mitchell promoted strategic bombing in the United States. He had new ideas on the strategic, and tactical air war. The first USAAF strategic bomber was the B-17 Flying Fortress. 

In the end, the large bomber fleets of the Allies devastated Nazi Germany with conventional bombs, and the atomic bomb was dropped on the Japan.

After World War II, the Strategic Air Command was located at Omaha, Nebraska, at Offutt Air Force Base. Nuclear weapons became an important mission. 

A full cadre of generals at Offutt participated in many of the missions of the "Looking Glass", a KC-135 air tanker which was stripped and refitted with state of the art electronics which would take over in case the president was killed in wartime. The plane had several generals on board to assume wartime duties. The "red telephone" was an instant connection to the president at the White House. The plane flew all day every day, three planes took off a day in overlapping flights to provide this level of coverage. Since the end of the cold war, this flight ended, however, the Strategic Air Command still maintains the main facility at Offutt AFB - this is where President Bush flew to when the Twin Towers were bombed on 9-11-01 to set up his command center.

Edsel

Edsel was a make of car and a new car making division introduced by the Ford Motor Company on September 4, 1957. The company called that day, "E-Day." It was named after Henry Ford's son, Edsel Ford. The Edsel was also one of the biggest failures in history. It was sold for only three years, ending in 1960.

Ford planned to move their Lincoln brand upmarket and put another make in beneath it. Design of the Edsel began in 1955 under the name "E-car" which stood for "Experimental car". 

Edsel produced four models their first year, the 1958 model year. These were the large Citation and Corsair, and the smaller, easier to buy Pacer and Ranger.

These were the different body styles offered:





The Bermuda, Villager and Roundup were station wagons based on the two smaller Edsel models. They were basically the same as the 1957-59 Ford wagons.

63,110 Edsels sold the first year, which was the second largest car launch for any brand in history. Only the Plymouth introduction in 1928 was better, but still not as many cars as Ford hoped would sell.

There were only 2 Edsels in 1959, the Ranger and the Corsair. Only 44,891 cars were sold in that model year. 

Only the Ranger and Villager were produced in 1960. These were almost exactly like the 1960 Ford cars. Only 2848 cars were built before the Edsel Motor Division was closed on November 19, 1959.

Edsel's failure is very famous because it failed after Ford put US$400,000,000 into its development. It had many innovations which are still in use today, including brakes which adjusted themselves and a very powerful V-8 engine called the "FE-series" that would be used for many years in later Fords. Also, the car did not live up to all of the promises in the advertisements before it was released. Some people blamed the look of the new car because of its very unusual grille shaped like a horse's collar. One famous quote from an auto writer said that the Edsel looked like "an Oldsmobile sucking on a lemon." Quality of the Edsel was a problem as well. Even the name was a problem to some buyers. Worst of all, the U.S. was entering a period of recession. All car sales were down. 

Many drivers did not like having the automatic transmission as push-buttons mounted on the steering wheel hub. Since this was the place the horn was normally found, drivers ended up shifting gears instead of honking the horn. 

The planned 1960 Edsel Comet compact car was relabeled Mercury Comet and sold more cars in its first year than all models of Edsel ever produced. 

Fewer than 6,000 Edsels survive and today they are considered collectors’ items, with convertibles sometimes selling for over US$20,000 if in good condition. As usual with classics, hardtop models are worth considerably less, station wagons less than that, and sedans least of all. It is possible to get a very good 1959 sedan for about US$3000–$3500.


1000

1000 (M) in the Gregorian Calendar was the last year of the 10th century and the 1st millennium in the Christian era ending on December 31. According to the then used Julian Calendar, 1000 AD was a leap year starting on Monday. In the Gregorian Calendar (not invented at the time) the year would have been a common year starting on Wednesday.

It is one of only seven years to use just one Roman numeral. The seven are 1 AD (I), 5 AD (V), 10 AD (X), 50 AD (L), 100 AD (C), 500 AD (D), and 1000 AD (M).



Chino Hills, California

Chino Hills is a city in the U.S. state of California. It is in San Bernardino County. In 2020, 78,411 people lived in Chino Hills. It is named for the hills that cover most of the city.

Learning

Learning is getting new things into your brain. 

There are a number of different types of learning: 
Learning may occur as a result of habituation or classical conditioning, seen in many animal species, or as a result of more complex activities such as play, seen only in relatively intelligent animals. Learning may occur consciously or without conscious awareness. There is evidence for human behavioral learning prenatally, in which habituation has been observed as early as 32 weeks into gestation, indicating that the central nervous system is sufficiently developed and primed for learning and memory to occur very early in development. According to James Zull, Professor of Biology and Biochemistry at Case Western University, "Learn­ing is phys­i­cal. Learn­ing means the mod­i­fi­ca­tion, growth, and prun­ing of our neu­rons, connectionscalled synapsesand neu­ronal net­works, through expe­ri­ence".



Acrocorinth

Acrocorinth is the acropolis of the Greek city Corinth.


Neutron

Neutrons, with protons and electrons, make up an atom. Neutrons and protons are found in the nucleus of an atom. Unlike protons, which have a positive charge, or electrons, which have a negative charge, neutrons have zero charge which means they are neutral particles. Neutrons bind with protons with the residual strong force.

Neutrons were predicted by Ernest Rutherford, and discovered by James Chadwick, in 1932. Atoms were fired at a thin pane of beryllium. Particles emerged which had no charge, and he called these 'neutrons'. They were later added to the modern image of the atom. 

Neutrons have a mass of 1.675 × 10g, which is a little heavier than the proton. Neutrons are 1839 times heavier than electrons. 

Like all hadrons, neutrons are made of quarks. A neutron is made of two down quarks and one up quark. One up quark has a charge of +2/3, and the two down quarks each have a charge of -1/3. The fact that these charges cancel out is why neutrons have a neutral (0) charge. Quarks are held together by gluons.

Neutrons can be found in almost all atoms together with protons and electrons. Hydrogen-1 is the only exception. Atoms with the same number of protons but a different number of neutrons are called isotopes of the same element. 

The number of neutrons in an atom does not affect its chemical properties. However it affects its half-life, a measure of its stability. An unstable isotope has a short half-life, in which half of it decays to lighter elements. By contrast, a stable isotope has a long half-life, much longer than that of an unstable isotope. The stability of an isotope is related to radioactivity: an unstable isotope can be highly radioactive.

Neutrons are the key to nuclear chain reactions, nuclear power and nuclear weapons.


LiveJournal

LiveJournal (often called LJ) is a website on which Internet users can keep a blog. It is also the name of the software that was designed to run it. LiveJournal is different from some other blogging sites, because a user can interact with friends in certain ways that are unique to the website (such as instant messaging in LJ Talk). It is based in San Francisco, California.

LiveJournal was started in 1999 by Brad Fitzpatrick as a way of keeping his high school friends updated on his activities. In January 2005, a blogging software company called Six Apart bought Danga Interactive, the company that was owned by Fitzpatrick, which operates LiveJournal.

LiveJournal has a service called a "friends list", which makes the site a way to socialise with friends and other people, even though it is a blog service too.

LiveJournal lets users change their accounts in several ways. A programming language called S2 can help users make their blogs look different. Users may upload small pictures (maximum 100 by 100 pixels) called "userpics", which appear next to the username. People can pay to get more features, like extra userpics, the ability to record their voices into a post ("voice posts"), the ability to make polls, and better layouts.

Each user also has a "User Info" page, which may contain contact information, a biography of the user, and lists of friends, interests, communities, and even schools the user had attended.

Currently LiveJournal has five kinds of accounts. About 95% of all LiveJournal users use a non-paid account ("plus" accounts). People can pay for their accounts ("Paid" accounts) and get more features, or they can get a "sponsored" account, which is free and has more features, but has advertisements. "Early adopters" are the accounts of people who signed up for LiveJournal back in 1999 or 2000. There are also permanent accounts. Most people can not get a permanent account. LiveJournal only sells them sometimes, and they may not sell them again.

RNA

RNA is an acronym for ribonucleic acid, a nucleic acid. Many different kinds are now known.

RNA is physically different from DNA. DNA has two intercoiled strands, but RNA only has one strand. RNA also has different bases than DNA. These bases are adenine, guanine, cytosine, and uracil.

Adenine bonds with uracil. Guanine bonds with cytosine. In this way, we say that adenine is complementary to uracil and that guanine is complementary to cytosine. Adenine, guanine and cytosine are also in DNA. In RNA, uracil replaces thymine as a complement to adenine.

RNA also has ribose. This is different from the deoxyribose in DNA. These differences result in RNA being more chemically reactive than DNA. This makes it the more suitable molecule to take part in cell reactions.

RNA is the carrier of genetic information in certain viruses, especially retroviruses like HIV. This is the only exception to the general rule that DNA is the hereditary substance.

The main function of RNA is to carry information of amino acid sequences from the genes to ribosomes in the cytoplasm. Ribosomes are where proteins are assembled.

This is done by messenger RNA (mRNA). A strand of DNA is the blueprint for the mRNA which is transcribed from that DNA strand. The sequence of base pairs is transcribed from DNA by an enzyme called RNA polymerase. Then the mRNA moves from the nucleus to the ribosomes in the cytoplasm to form proteins. The mRNA translates the sequence of base pairs into a sequence of amino acids to form proteins. This is called translation.

DNA does not leave the nucleus for many reasons. DNA is a very long molecule, and is bound in with proteins, called histones, in the chromosomes. mRNA is able to move and react with many cell enzymes. The mRNA leaves the nucleus and moves to the ribosomes after it is transcribed.

Two kinds of non-coding RNAs help in the process of building proteins in the cell. They are transfer RNA (tRNA) and ribosomal RNA (rRNA).

Transfer RNA (tRNA) is a short molecule of about 80 nucleotides which carries a specific amino acid to the polypeptide chain at a ribosome. There is a different tRNA for each amino acid. Each one has a site for the amino acid to attach and an anti-codon to match the codon on the mRNA. For example, codons UUU or UUC code for the amino acid phenylalanine.

Ribosomal RNA (rRNA) is the catalytic component of the ribosomes. Eukaryotic ribosomes contain four different rRNA molecules: 18S, 5.8S, 28S and 5S rRNA. Three of the rRNA molecules are synthesized in the nucleolus, and one is synthesized elsewhere. In the cytoplasm, ribosomal RNA and protein combine to form a nucleoprotein called a ribosome. The ribosome binds mRNA and carries out protein synthesis. Several ribosomes may be attached to a single mRNA at any time. rRNA is extremely abundant and makes up 80% of the 10 mg/ml RNA found in a typical eukaryotic cytoplasm.

Small nuclear RNAs (snRNA) join with proteins to form spliceosomes. The spliceosomes govern alternative splicing. Genes code for proteins in bits called exons. The bits can be joined together in different ways to make different mRNAs. Thus, from one gene many proteins can be made. This is the process of alternative splicing. Any unwanted versions of the protein get chopped up by proteases, and the chemical bits re-used.

There are a number of RNAs which regulate genes, that is, they regulate the rate at which genes are transcribed or translated.

Micro RNAs (miRNA) act by joining an enzyme and blocking mRNA or speeding its breakdown. This is called RNA interference.

Small interfering RNAs (sometimes called silencing RNAs) interfere with the expression of a specific gene. They are quite small (20/25 nucleotides) double-stranded molecules. Their discovery has caused a surge in biomedical research and drug development.

Transposons are only one of several types of mobile genetic elements. Retrotransposons copy themselves in two stages: first from DNA to RNA by transcription, then from RNA back to DNA by reverse transcription. The DNA copy is then inserted into the genome in a new position. Retrotransposons behave very similarly to retroviruses, such as HIV.

Viral genomes, which are usually RNA, take over the cell machinery and make both new viral RNA and the protein coat of the virus.

Phage genomes are quite varied. The genetic material can be ssRNA (single-stranded RNA), dsRNA (double-stranded RNA), ssDNA (single-stranded DNA), or dsDNA (double-stranded DNA). It may be between 5 and 500 kilo base pairs long with either circular or linear arrangement. Bacteriophages are usually between 20 and 200 nanometers in size.

Phage genomes may code for as few as four genes, and as many as hundreds of genes.

Some scientists and doctors have used messenger RNA in vaccines to treat cancer and prevent people from becoming sick.

Figure skating

Figure skating is both an art and a sport, in which people skate around on ice, doing jumps and spins. It is done at the Winter Olympics, and it has its own world championships. The name means to make figures or patterns on the ice. People skate with music.

In figure skating, sometimes women or men skate alone, or they skate in couples. Couples dancing includes "pairs" and ice dancing. Pairs skating has jumps, and sometimes the man lifts the woman in the air. These things are not done in ice dancing. In ice dancing, the woman must be held in the man's arms. Another kind of figure skating is synchronized skating done in groups.

The first ever figure skating club was started in 1742 in Edinburgh, Scotland. World Championships began in 1896 (the first in St. Petersburg, Russia). Before the Winter Olympic Games were started, competitions in figure skating were part of the Summer Olympic Games, in 1908 and 1920.

The International Skating Union (ISU) made the rules.

Singles skating is composed of a Short Program and a Free Skate. Both of them have a technical score and a presentation score.


Under the ISU Judging System the Judges focus entirely on evaluating the quality of each element performed (technical aspect) and the quality of the performance. There will be a panel of 9 Judges per segment. Out of these 9 scores, the highest and lowest score of each element or program component are ignored and the average will be taken.

The score for the element is composed of a “Base Value” of each element and the “Grade of Execution - GOE”. GOE is that the Judge grades the quality of the element on a scale of +5 to -5. The total of all the elements scores gives the Technical Score.

The Judges award points on a scale from 0.25 to 10.00 with increments of 0.25 for the Presentation Score to grade the overall presentation of the performance. There are five items in the Presentation Score.

Skating Skills
Transitions, Linking Footwork and Movement
Performance/Execution
Choreography/Composition
Interpretation

There are six types of jump that ISU decides to score. The following items are listed in order of the score (difficulty). There are two types of jumps: edge jump and toe jump. The Axel, loop, and Salchow are edge jumps and the lutz, flip and toe loop are toe jumps.

Spins are classified as Sit spins, Upright spins or Camel spin. Each of them has various variations. Any position which is not basic is a non-basic position.

Sit spin

The position of this spin is that the upper part of the skating leg is at least parallel to the ice.
Upright spin

The position of this spin is any position with the skating leg is extended or slightly bent which is not a camel position.
Camel spin

The position of this spin is any position where the free leg backwards and the knee is higher than the hip level, however Layback, Biellmann and similar variations are still considered upright spins.


Pairs:

Ice dance:



Gabriel

Gabriel in the Bible is an angel, specifically an archangel (arch means "highest" or "chief"). The name means "God is my strength" or "man of God", 

The greeting of the Angel Gabriel opens the prayer Ave Maria.

In the Christian calendar, the Archangel Gabriel is celebrated together with the Archangels Michael and Raphael on September 29th. 

Gabriel is also a given name. Cognates: Hungarian: Gábor. Italian: Gabriele. Finnish: Kaapo. The feminine form of the name Gabriel is Gabrielle.

Gabriel is first mentioned in the Bible, in the book of Daniel, when he appeared to Daniel. In the New Testament, St. Gabriel appears first in the book of Daniel in the Old Testament, the angel announced to Daniel the prophecy of the seventy weeks. And most famously, to Mary to announce the coming birth of Jesus. The Catholic feast of the Annunciation celebrates this visit every year, nine months before Christmas. 

The Bible does not say angels have wings, but Christian artists usually show them that way.

Post office

A post office is a place that is made available by the postal system to post, receive, sort, handle, and to move or deliver mail. postage stamps can be bought to mail things like packages or letters and drop them off there, and the employees deliver it to the destination.


Lahn

The Lahn is a river in Hesse, Germany with a length of .

Its source is in the Rothaargebirge.

It flows through the towns Marburg, Gießen, Wetzlar, and Limburg an der Lahn.

It joins the River Rhine at Lahnstein, near Koblenz.

Rottweiler

The Rottweiler ( or , ) is a breed of domestic dog, regarded as medium-to-large or large. Their coat of fur is mostly black, with brown on the legs and face. They are excellent guard dogs, as well as herding, and companion dogs.

The Rottweiler is one of the oldest of herding breeds. With a history possibly dating back to the Roman Empire, the Rottweiler may be a descendant of ancient Roman drover dogs; a mastiff-type dog that was a dependable, rugged dog with great intelligence and guarding instincts.

Dogs are pack animals. When they feel threatened, they will defend themselves. They will also protect other members of the pack to a certain extent. How they defend themselves, and how close they feel to the rest of the pack (their owners) depends on the dog's nature. It also depends on how they were raised. Since dogs judge dangerous situations differently, they should not be left unattended near a place where people are arguing. They may also judge "unattended" moves of a child as an attack. Therefore, dogs should not be left alone near children.

There is no specific weight for a Rottweiler to qualify to be judged in dog shows. The dog must be neither too thin or too fat for its size. Both males and females must be "medium-large" in size for the American Kennel Club. The General German Rottweiler Club (ADRK) lists 50 kilograms (110 pounds) for males and 42 kilograms (93 pounds) for females .

When the Rottweilers' owners are not experienced, problems arise. Sometimes humans, mostly children, are attacked by these dogs. The attacks are often a result of irresponsible owners. Rottweilers are very intelligent and need equally smart handlers to raise them.

In some areas, breeding certain dogs has been restricted or forbidden.


Anne Murray

Morna Anne Murrary (born June 20, 1945) is a Canadian Pop and Country musician. She was born in Nova Scotia. She was a teacher in physical education. “I wasn’t all that young,” as she told later. “I did go to university and I did teach school for a year. I had my feet planted fairly firmly on the ground when it all began.” But also sang and made records. One of her records, "Snowbird", became a hit late in 1970. The song was not about Christmas, but was popular during the Christmas season. The record became a perennial through association with the holiday.

Murray later had hits with remakes of Beatles ("I'm Happy Just to Dance With You") and Monkees songs ("Daydream Believer"). She also recorded "Shadows in the Moonlight" and "A Little Good News", which became popular.

She publicly retired from a singer in the music industry in 2008 when she had the last concert tour.



Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets

Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets by J. K. Rowling is the second novel (published in 1998) in the Harry Potter series of books. A movie of the book was released in 2002.

The story begins as James and Lily Potter's only son, Harry Potter, who is orphaned, spends summer with an aunt, uncle and cousin who do not love him. Harry is visited by Dobby, a house-elf, who is forced to serve the Malfoy family. Dobby warns Harry not to go back to Hogwarts, the magical school that Harry went to the year before, saying that terrible things will happen there. Harry does not listen to the warning, so Dobby causes a mess to make Harry's aunt and uncle angry. They lock Harry in his room for the rest of the summer. Harry is rescued by his best friend, Ron Weasley, Arthur and Molly Weasley's youngest son in a flying car. He spends the rest of the summer at the Weasley home, called "The Burrow". The reader is introduced to the Weasley family, including Ron's younger sister Ginny, who is just starting at Hogwarts.

Mr Weasley, Ron's father, works for the Department of Magic. He is fascinated by "Muggles" (ordinary people) and the way that they manage to live without magic. It is his job to prevent wizards from illegally enchanting Muggle objects. But he does not always do his job in the way the department would like. In fact, he drives his family to catch the school train in a magical Ford Anglia. The magical train leaves Paddington station in London from Platform 9. But because of strange happenings, Harry and Ron miss the train to school.

Harry and Ron go to school, very late, and in disgrace. Harry has not been back at school very long before it becomes clear that everybody inside the school is in danger. One by one students, and even the caretaker's cat, are affected by a strange and frightening spell. As everyone becomes more and more frightened, they start to be suspicious of other people.


Personal computer

A personal computer (PC) is the common name for a type of computer that is most popular in offices and homes. The first PC called the "IBM PC" was made by the company called IBM in 1981, although many computers were made before like the Commodore PET. Smartphones and tablets are also computers for personal use, but they are not often called "personal computers".

Today, most PCs usually have a basic set of software called an operating system. The operating system is responsible for several tasks including providing a user interface (UI). The most popular operating system on PCs is Windows, sold by Microsoft Corporation. PCs made by a company called Apple Inc. use a different system of software called Mac OS that is also made by Apple Inc.

Many free operating systems are available. Some are called Linux operating systems. There are over 300 different Linux "distributions". Each one has a different purpose/feel. Ubuntu Linux is the most-used Linux distribution.

A modern PC has a minimum set of parts to be useful. The "base unit" or "tower" (case) houses the computer parts. Usually, a mouse and keyboard are used for input, however some operating systems need only a keyboard. A monitor is usually needed to view output. In a laptop computer these parts are all together.

Inside the base unit or tower there are many electronic parts. The main parts are the motherboard, CPU, memory, and a data storage device, such as a hard disk or solid-state drive.

The CPU (Central Processing Unit) follows the instructions in the operating system and application programs. The memory, or RAM (random access memory), is for moving information (or data) quickly to and from the processor. The hard disk or solid-state drive hold programs and data while the computer is powered off. Floppy drives, CD-ROM drives, and USB flash drives are used for portable data storage.

Computers sometimes have a modem to send and receive data over a phone line, or more recently, over cable television lines. Computers can also be connected to a computer network using a network card.

Modern PCs have various sockets called ports. The most common ports are known as USB ports.

Computers may be used for work, including doing research using the internet, keeping records; or writing documents. Other uses include communicating, with people across the world using Instant messaging, e-mail or Skype or recreation activity such as playing computer games.

MS-DOS

MS-DOS is a discontinued 16-bit computer operating system by Microsoft Corporation. It stands for "Microsoft Disk Operating System". The operating system implements a command-line interface for the user to input commands (which ran from disk). It was popularly used in PCs before GUI operating systems, such as Microsoft Windows, came out, and still is used in some places today.

MS-DOS is a text-based operating system, meaning that a user works with a keyboard to input data and receives output in plain text. Later, MS-DOS programs were often made to allow control by using a mouse and graphics (even without additionally running Microsoft Windows) especially for video games or to make work more simple and quick (some people still believe that working without graphics is really more efficient).

MS-DOS is called a disk operating system because it was mainly made to interact with the disk (to implement a file system for users and programs); it was loaded into a computer's memory with a floppy disk each time the computer is started (booted) up.

MS-DOS was released as proprietary software, but decades later after most users had gone to other systems, it was released as free software.

MS-DOS stands for "Microsoft Disk Operating System", and came from an operating system Microsoft bought called 86-DOS, originally called QDOS, or "Quick and Dirty Operating System."

OS/2 was made to replace MS-DOS, but that replacement did not succeed. MS-DOS was used to run the Windows operating systems until an operating system known as Windows XP.

Many books were written on how to use MS-DOS. A popular introductory book was "MS-DOS for Dummies", by Dan Gookin, the book in the "For Dummies" series of easy to follow instruction books.

DOS

A disk operating system (DOS) will load from a floppy disk each time a computer starts, and will access that disk for software to complete operations. MS-DOS is probably the most well-known DOS, and was purchased by Microsoft Corporation from a system known as QDOS. As operating systems became more complicated and took up more space, they began to be permanently installed on hard drives, which are faster and more reliable than floppy disks, and can store more data. This was encouraged by a steady drop in hard drive prices.

"DOS"es are usually text-based and without graphics to save space on a floppy disk. Although DOSes have mostly been replaced by Windows, Macintosh, and Linux systems, among others (sporting a GUI, or Graphical User Interface), they are still in use in some places, mostly on older computers. This may be because of a lack of money, the need to use software which still runs on a DOS system, nostalgia for an older operating system, or the belief that text-based systems are more efficient.

Although GUIs are more popular, in times of emergency or when one needs to install special software, a boot disk allows a user to start his or her computer into a DOS.

Internet service provider

An Internet service provider, or ISP, maintains, installs and provides internet connection to residential or commercial areas. Some examples of ISP clients include - homes, coffee shops, hotels, libraries, offices. They usually charge a fee for installing the connection and a monthly fee for maintaining it.

The internet is basically a web of interconnected networks - which are maintained by a huge number of different ISPs. They keep connected around the world by giving their clients access to other ISP networks. This is called peering.

Many ISPs have other services such as e-mail and web hosting service.

ISPs offer different types of connections such as dial-up, DSL, through optical fiber wires, through a cable television connection, or wireless. Communications satellite connections are used mainly in remote areas. Dial-up is the slowest connection, while a direct fiber-optic connection is usually the fastest.

National Women's Hockey League (1999–2007)

The National Women's Hockey League (NWHL) was an ice hockey league in Canada that was formed in 1999 and ended in 2007. The best female players in the world played in this league and in the Western Women's Hockey League. The mayor of Brampton, Ontario, Susan Fennell, was the NWHL's commissioner (president).




Western Women's Hockey League

The Western Women's Hockey League (WWHL) is an ice hockey league in North America. It was formed in 2004. The best female players in the world play in this league and in the National Women's Hockey League (NWHL). Some WWHL teams began in the NWHL. The Minnesota Whitecaps and the Manitoba Maple Leafs continue to be active teams and are playing a number of exhibition games as the league expands to include several new teams.




Yukon

The Yukon is a territory of Canada, north of British Columbia, west of the Northwest Territories, and east of the American state of Alaska. Its population is 31,000. Most of the territory's people live in the capital of Whitehorse. Many of the people are native Canadians (First Nations).

The Yukon became a territory in 1898. It was part of the Northwest Territories from 1870 to 1898. Many people came to live in the Yukon during the Yukon Gold Rush of the 1890s.

Mount Logan, at 5959 metres above sea level, is Canada's highest mountain.

The most important industry in the Yukon is mining.

Saanich

The District of Saanich is a region of Greater Victoria, British Columbia. It is north of the City of Victoria. Over 100,000 people live in Saanich. It is named after the Saanich First Nation.

Some communities within Saanich include Gordon Head, Royal Oak, Cordova Bay, Tillicum-Gorge, Cadboro Bay, Broadmead, Cedar Hill, and Ten-Mile Point.

Saanich Commonwealth Place, a recreation centre first used for swimming and diving at the 1994 Commonwealth Games, is located in Saanich.

Saanich celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2006.

The mayor of Saanich is Richard Atwell.

Emily Carr

Emily Carr (December 13, 1871 – March 2, 1945) was a Canadian artist and writer.

Emily Carr was born in Victoria, British Columbia in 1871. Her parents died while she was a young teenager. She began art lessons when she was sixteen. When she was nineteen, she went to study art in San Francisco. She also studied art in England but she got sick and came back to Victoria. After she got better, she went to France to continue her art studies. She saw paintings by many French artists who were experimenting with new ways of painting. She was most influenced by French impressionism and post-impressionism, though.

When Carr came back to Canada, she had trouble selling her paintings because they looked unusual to many people. Her paintings were even laughed at. She had to make money to support herself so she ran a small apartment house. She was so busy that she did not have much time to paint.

In 1927, she met a famous group of Canadian painters called the Group of Seven. They were impressed by her paintings and she became respected for her art.

In the later years of her life, Carr started writing books. "Klee Wyck" was the title of one of these books. It won the Governor General's Award which is an important award for literature in Canada. She also wrote "The Book of Small." She died in 1945 in Victoria.

Carr painted scenes from nature and from First Nations culture. For example, she painted many Haida and Tlingit totem poles. The Tlingit people called her Klee Wyck, which means "the laughing one." She went on long trips by canoe to visit First Nations villages.

She also liked to paint Canadian nature. She believed it was important that Canadian paintings have a different style than paintings from Europe. She liked the paintings of the Group of Seven because of their originality.

One of Carr's most famous paintings is "The Raven." The Emily Carr Institute of Art and Design was named after her and two schools are also named after her. She is considered one of Canada's most famous artists.

Hatikvah

"Hatikvah" (, , meaning "The Hope") is a Jewish folk song that is the national anthem of Israel. The words of the song were written by Naftali Herz Imber in 1877, and about a decade later, his words were put to music by Shmuel Cohen. The words of the song are based on a longer poem written by Imber himself.

The song tells about the Jews' two-thousand-year-old hope of returning to their homeland of Israel. The words of the song are based on a nine-stanza poem called "Tikvatenu" (, , meaning "Our Hope"), which was written by Imber himself. "Hatikvah" uses only the first stanza and the refrain of Imber's poem. The last line of the refrain was changed, and the words were put to music. The music is from a very old and popular folk song that Samuel Cohen, a Jew born in Spain, found himself humming one day. It is played in a minor key. The words to the song are about the Jews' hope that one day their sadness will be turned into joy.


Virology

Virology is the study of viruses such as the cold virus.

Virologists are responsible for many immunisations against common viruses like the common influenza (Flu) and things like chickenpox and smallpox.


Stanley Cup

The Stanley Cup is a trophy given to the champion of the National Hockey League (NHL) every year.

It was bought by Lord Stanley, the Governor General of Canada, in 1892, for $50. The first team to win it was the Montreal A.A.A. in 1893. Other teams could challenge for it. By 1915, it was awarded on a yearly basis.

The names of players and others such as coaches are put on the cup every year. As a result, the NHL had to make the cup bigger, by adding layers to the bottom. When the first cup was full of names, they made a copy of it, which is now what is awarded.

Today, there are 32 teams in the NHL who each play 82 regular season ice hockey games per year. 16 teams make the playoffs every year; these teams are made up of the top 3 teams from each division by regular season points as well as 2 wildcard teams from each conference . There are 4 best of 7 ice hockey playoff rounds that a team must win to win the Stanley Cup.

The Montreal Canadiens have won the Stanley Cup 24 times, the most of any team. They also won the most in a row: five between 1955-56 and 1959-60.

Henri Richard of the Montreal Canadiens appears the most on the Stanley Cup, 11 times.

The Stanley Cup was not awarded in 2005: there was no NHL season because of a labour disagreement. It was not awarded in 1919, either, because of the influenza epidemic.


Militarization

Militarization is when society gets ready for war and violence. It is connected to militarism, which is a belief that a country should have a strong military. The process of militarization affects many different parts of society and is complex.

The amount of danger that is thought to exist affects how much a country needs to be able to fight and protect itself. If a country does not feel like it is in danger, for example: Canada, it might not have as big of a military or as many weapons. But in Israel, because there is a risk of attack from other countries nearby, the military and defense are important and get a lot of money and people.
This danger could come from:


Militaristic ideas are used in non-military situations. For example, when President Lyndon B. Johnson talked about fighting poverty, and President Richard Nixon talked about fighting drugs, they were not talking about real wars with an enemy that can be defeated. They were talking about how much work, effort, and dedication is needed to solve these problems. Sometimes, politicians use militaristic ideas when they create teams of government workers to solve important political or social problems. These teams are often called "task forces." Using militaristic ideas can also help politicians to have more power, because in war time, the leader of the country has more power than usual.

Militarization of police means when police officers use military equipment and tactics. This includes things like armored vehicles, assault rifles, sniper rifles, grenades, and SWAT teams. It is also connected to when police gather information on the public and political activists in the same way as intelligence agencies and when police use more aggressive methods. A criminal justice professor named Peter Kraska defines the militarization of police as when the police start to act more like the military and follow their ways of doing things.


Tour de France

The Tour de France () is a well known bicycle race. It began in 1903. It is held in France, every summer. In recent years it has ended with a race through the centre of Paris, past the Eiffel Tower. It is among the most famous, and has some of the highest prizes, of bike races in Europe. Recently, it was in the media, because some athletes were doping. The race goes around France, but can have some parts in other countries, including England, Belgium, or Spain as they race in the Pyrenees mountains.

The tour lasts about three weeks. At the end of each day's race the leader is given a yellow shirt, the best sprinter is given a green shirt, and the best rider in the mountain races is given a polka dot jersey. He is sometimes called the King of the Mountains. The best young rider, who must be under 26, gets a white jersey. The winner is the one who finishes the race to Paris in the fastest time. There is a lot of prize money for the teams of the winners of the Tour, but the winner of each day's race also gets prize money.


Joseph Smith

Joseph Smith, Jr. (December 23, 1805 – June 27, 1844) was the founder and first president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He and five associates formally organized the Church in Fayette, New York on April 6, 1830. He presided over the Church until his was martyred. 

Joseph Smith married Emma Hale on January 18, 1827. They were married 17 years, they were the parents of 11 children, 2 were adopted. Joseph and Emma's first 3 children passed away shortly after their birth. In 1831, they adopted twins, one of which, a boy, died before his first birthday. Over the next 12 years, Emma gave birth to six sons, four of them survived infancy and their youngest child was born five months after Joseph's death.

Joseph and his older brother Hyrum were shot to death on 27 June 1844 by a mob of 150 to 200 men. They had been imprisoned in an Illinois jail on false charges of riot and treason after surrendering themselves to the law. Joseph was 38; Hyrum was 44. On 28 June, the bodies of Joseph and Hyrum were prepared and laid out for the estimated 10,000 mourners to view, and on the following day were buried secretly to avoid further attacks or desecration by mobs.

When Joseph Smith was 17 years old, an angel named Moroni. appeared to him one night and told him about a hidden record containing the sacred history of an ancient American civilization.

Shortly after Joseph married Emma Hale an angelic messenger entrusted Joseph with gold plates and an Urim and Thummim to aid in the translation of the Book of Mormon. God provided a Urim and Thummim to His prophets in ancient times (see Exodus 28:30; 1 Samuel 28:6; Ezra 2:63).

When the Book of Mormon was almost finished, the Lord instructed Joseph Smith to formally organize a church. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, was established on April 6, 1830. Joseph published the Book of Mormon, which is a compilation of ancient scripture and is comparable to the Bible. 

On April 6, 1830, he started The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It is often called the Mormon Church. Joseph Smith said that God wanted him to be a prophet and teach other people the things that he learned from God. This church still exists today, with millions of members around the world.

Joseph Smith taught some things that some people did not like. He said that other churches were only partly true. He also said that men could have more than one wife if God commanded them, just like was taught in the Old Testament of the Bible. The Mormons also did not always get along with their neighbors.

Joseph and his older brother Hyrum were shot to death on 27 June 1844 by a mob of 150 to 200 men. They had been imprisoned in an Illinois jail on false charges of riot and treason after surrendering themselves to the law. Joseph was 38; Hyrum was 44. On 28 June, the bodies of Joseph and Hyrum were prepared and laid out for the estimated 10,000 mourners to view, and on the following day were buried secretly to avoid further attacks or desecration by mobs.

Anastasia

Anastasia or Anastacia [an-uh-stey-zhuh, ah-nuh-stah-shuh; Russian uh-nuh-stah-syi-yuh] is a Female name that comes from the Koine Greek. In English, it means "She who shall rise up again", but it is also used to mean "resurrection". The name, and its similar male name, Anastasius, were given to children born during Easter in the early years of Christianity.Ranked #181 in the nation for newborn prevalence in 2021.

The names "Stacey" (also spelled "Stacie", "Stacy" or "Stacee"), "Tasia", and "Stasia" are short for Anastasia. The name “Nastya” are also common shortname for those named Anastasia. 

It is also the name of several important women in history.


Anastasia is also the name of:

Band

In music, a band is a group of people (usually musicians) that get together to sing songs, or perform music. There are different kinds of bands that use different groups of instruments.


Demographics of Nicaragua

About 86 per cent of Nicaraguans are European (but not limited to Spanish) or mixed European and of native ancestry. Most Nicaraguans have Spanish ancestors, but the 19th century saw several waves of immigration from other European countries (mainly from Germany). Most of the Mestizo and European population live in the western and central regions of the country and especially in the cities of Managua, Leon and Granada.

About 9 per cent of Nicaragua's population is black or afro-nicaragüense and they are concentrated in the country's eastern coast, and were brought mostly from Jamaica and Haiti when the region was a British protectorate. There is also a smaller number of Garifuna, a people of mixed African, Caribbean, Angolan, Congoan and Arawak descent.

Just 5 per cent of the population are of pure native descent. Nicaragua's pre-Columbian population consisted of the Nahuatl-speaking Nicarao people of the west, and six ethnic groups including the Miskitos, Ramas and Sumos in the Caribbean region. While very few pure-blooded Nicarao people still exist, the Caribbean peoples have remained distinct. In the mid-1980s, the government divided the eastern half of the country - the former department of Zelaya - into two autonomous regions and granted the African and indigenous people of the region limited self-rule.

There is also a small Middle Eastern-Nicaraguan community of Syrian, Armenian, Palestinian and Lebanese people in Nicaragua with a total population of about 30,000, and an East Asian community of Japanese, Taiwanese and Chinese people of almost 8,000. The minorities speak Spanish and maintain their ancestral languages as well.

Spanish is spoken by about 90% of Nicaraguans; the Nicaraguan dialect has many similarities to Galician, and also has similarities to Argentinian Spanish which uses "vos" instead of "tu", along with the "vos" conjugation. The black population of the east coast region has English as its first language. Several indigenous peoples of the east still use their original languages.

Roman Catholicism is the major religion, but evangelical Protestant groups have grown recently, and there are strong Anglican and Moravian communities on the Caribbean coast. 0.1% of Nicaragua is Buddhist and the religion has been growing in recent years.

Ninety per cent of Nicaraguans live in the Pacific and central lowlands and the adjacent interior highlands. The population is 54% urban.

Carlo Azeglio Ciampi

Carlo Azeglio Ciampi (9 December 1920 in Livorno, Italy – 16 September 2016 in Rome, Italy) was the 10th President of the Italian Republic. His work started in 1999 and ended in 2006. He was followed by Giorgio Napolitano

He is appreciated very much by the Italian people because of his equality and rightness.

Since 1979 he had been President of the Bank of Italy, but his task ended in 1993.

He was also Prime Minister of the Italian government, but his task lasted just a few months, because it was just a technical government,which purpose was to lead the country in a moment of difficulties.

Ciampi died at a hospital in Rome from multiple organ failure caused by pneumonia, aged 95.

Barry Sadler

Barry Sadler (November 1, 1940 – November 5, 1989) was an American soldier, songwriter and writer. In 1966, He recorded a song called "The Ballad of The Green Berets". It was the biggest selling song that year. He later helped write the "Casca" series of books. He died after being shot in the head by a robber.

Nancy Sinatra

Nancy Sandra Sinatra (born June 8, 1940) is an American singer and actress. She was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. She is the elder daughter of Frank Sinatra. She is best known for the song "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'".

She had a younger brother, Frank Sinatra, Jr. and has a younger sister, Tina Sinatra.

The Rascals

The Rascals (formerly known as The Young Rascals) were an American pop-soul group popular in the 1960s.

They are known for their songs: Good Lovin', Groovin', A Beautiful Morning, and People Got To Be Free. Their members were: Felix Cavaliere (lead vocals and keyboard), Eddie Brigati (vocals), Gene Cornish (guitar) and Dino Danelli (drums).

Dino Danelli died on December the 15, 2022, at the age of 78 years old. He died from an illness in a hospice in New York.

Percy Sledge

Percy Sledge (November 25, 1940 – April 14, 2015) was an American R&B singer. He was born in Leighton, Alabama. He was best known for his song "When a Man Loves a Woman".

Sledge died of liver cancer in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, aged 74.


Tommy Roe

Tommy Roe (born May 9, 1942) is an American singer and guitarist. He was popular in the 1960s. His best known songs were "Sweet Pea" and "Dizzy".

The Box Tops

The Box Tops were a 1960s pop music group, from Memphis, Tennessee. Their best known songs are "The Letter" and "Cry Like A Baby".



James K. Polk

James Knox Polk (November 2, 1795 – June 15, 1849) was the 11th president of the United States. He only served one term as president. Before he was president, he was Speaker of the House of Representatives (1835–1839) and the governor of Tennessee (1839–1841).

James Knox Polk was born on November 2, 1795 in Pineville, North Carolina. His parents were Samuel Polk and Jane Gracey Polk. James’ father was an American surveyor, slave owner, planter, and businessman. It is unknown what his mother did. It is thought she was a housewife. He was very sickly as a child, so he did not do much farm work. He had surgery at 17 years old to remove bladder stones. Anesthesia was not invented yet, so he was awake the entire surgery. He was in a debate club in college. Polk studied law under a leading Nashville lawyer. He then worked as a lawyer and a statesman. He married Sarah Childress on January 1, 1824. They had no children together.

The Democratic Party named Polk as their choice for the 11th President of the United States in May 1844. He won the election in November and started his term on Tuesday, March 4, 1845. Polk's vice president was George M. Dallas. During Polk’s four years in office, he got to do a lot of the things he wanted to do. He restarted the Independent Treasury System (a way for the U.S. to manage its money) after one of the presidents before him stopped it. He also made tariffs (taxes on items moving between the U.S. and other countries) smaller. The most important thing Polk did was add more land to the U.S. He got more land in Oregon Country by making an agreement with Britain. He also let Texas join the United States. That made Mexico's government angry and caused the Mexican–American War. The U.S. won the war, so Polk got more land from Mexico. He succeeded at the four most important things he wanted to do during his presidency. Polk was not perfect though. The new land he got made the argument about slavery worse. That argument was one of the causes of the Civil War.

James K Polk became a private citizen at the end of his 4 years in office. He and his wife decided to move to their Nashville home in Nashville, Tennessee because they wanted to retire and live a quiet life. Instead of directly returning to Tennessee, the Polks decided to tour the Southern states. Along the way he gave many speeches to the public. Within two weeks, James’ health suffered from the strains of travel. As the trip continued, the Polks were often forced to stop along the way to allow James to rest. The rest did not help. After arriving at their Nashville home, James Polk again fell ill and complained of horrible stomach pains.  This time James had a serious disease called cholera. At the age of 53, James Knox Polk died on June 15, 1849. On his deathbed James asked his wife to free their slaves when she died. Sarah lived 42 more years and the Civil War freed their slaves long before she died. He was first buried at the Nashville City Cemetery then moved to his Nashville home but was later moved to the Tennessee state capitol after his Nashville home was later sold. He had the shortest retirement of any president, dying only three months after leaving office.


Al Gore

Albert Arnold "Al" Gore Jr. (born March 31, 1948) is an American politician, businessman and environmentalist. He was the 45th vice president of the United States from 1993 to 2001 under Bill Clinton. Before becoming vice president, he was a United States senator from Tennessee from 1985 to 1993. He was also a United States representative from 1977 to 1983 and again from 1983 to 1985.

He was chosen as the Democratic nominee of the 2000 United States presidential election, but lost the electoral college vote to Republican candidate George W. Bush because of Florida recount and the U.S. Supreme Court ruling a 5-4 favor of Bush. He was supposed to be president before the supreme court decision. Gore got more votes, though.

After the election, Gore became an activist focusing on climate change. Gore won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007.

Albert Gore, Jr. was born at Columbia Hospital for Women in Washington, D.C. He is the second of two children. His father, Albert A. Gore Sr. was a Senator for Tennessee and congressman. His mother, Pauline LaFon Gore was one of the first women to have graduated from Vanderbilt University Law School. Gore is descended from Scots-Irish immigrants who first settled in Virginia in the mid-17th-century, and moved to Tennessee after the Revolutionary War. At least two of these ancestors, Jacob Waggoner and Lewis Stunston, owned slaves. Gore was brought up in both Washington and Tennessee. His older sister was Nancy LaFon Gore, who was born in 1938, died of lung cancer in 1984.

Gore was a Representative from 1977 to 1985 and a Senator from 1985 to 1993. In 1988 he ran for president for the first time, but lost to Michael Dukakis in the Democratic primary. In 1993, he became vice president to Bill Clinton. He ran for president in 2000, but lost to George W. Bush (many people still argue this). Even though he lost the race, Gore won in the popular vote by over 500,000 votes.

Gore is now a businessman, and runs and works for several companies, including Generation Investment Management, Google, Apple, and TV channel Current.

He is also a fighter for issues involving the environment. He released a movie in 2006 about global warming and climate change called "An Inconvenient Truth", which was based on a slide show he had given to millions of people. In 2007, Gore won the Nobel Peace Prize which he shared with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.

Interest in having Gore run for the 2016 Presidential election arose in 2014 and again in 2015. Gore did not run in 2016 and has expressed no interest to run in future elections.

He currently lives in Nashville and was married to Tipper for 40 years. In June 2010, they filed for divorce. The Gores have 4 children and 2 grandchildren.

Pumpkinhead II

Pumpkinhead II: Blood Wings is a 1994 movie about a young boy named Tommy, a misfit and deformed teenager who had no friends.

One day, Tommy is killed by a gang of bad boys from his home town for no reason at all. Miss Ossie was an old lady who used to take care of Tommy from the very beginning. When the young boy is killed, she decides to bury him in her backyard as a way to keep him around anyway. Several years later in the 1990s, a bunch of teenagers go to Miss Ossie's house and they do something that brings Tommy back to life. Some kind of spelling that resurrect the deformed kid. For some reason, Tommy comes back as an angry and even more grotesque creature who wants to take revenge on the people who killed him in the past and innocent people as well.

THX 1138

THX 1138 is a 1971 movie and was the first feature movie directed by George Lucas and executive produced by Francis Ford Coppola and Coppola's production company American Zoetrope.

It was based on a short film Lucas made in college in 1967 called "Electric Labyrinth THX 1138 4EB".

Bat

Bats are mammals in the order Chiroptera. Bats are nocturnal – they are active during the night, dusk, or dawn and they sleep during the day.

Most use echolocation to catch prey and to find their way about. As nighttime animals, bats avoid direct competition with birds, few of which are nocturnal.

Bats usually live in caves or trees. In North America and in Europe they sometimes live in people's houses or barns. They are protected animals in the UK.

Bats are a successful group. They are the second largest order of mammals: there are more than 1,400 species of bats. This means that 20% of all living mammal species – one in five – are bats.

About 70% of bats are insectivores, which is the basal form of life for this group. The common pipistrelle is a successful example. Most of the rest are fruit-eaters (fruit bats). A few species suck blood, and a few large ones are carnivorous.

Bats live everywhere except the Arctic, Antarctic and a few oceanic islands. They usually roost in caves, old buildings, or trees.

Traditionally, bats are divided into two groups. Microbats mostly use echo-location and catch insects, but just a few eat fish or drink blood. Megabats do not echolocate, but instead eat fruit or nectar.

Most of the bats are well known for their uncanny capability to fly in dark places. Most bats use sound to navigate during the night by echolocation. Bats can fly and find their food by listening to the outcoming echoes and sending out high-frequency squeaks even in total darkness.


The phylogenetic relationships of the different groups of bats have been the subject of much debate. The traditional subdivision between Megachiroptera and Microchiroptera reflects the view that these groups of bats have evolved independently of each other for a long time, from a common ancestor which was already capable of flight.

The hypothesis was that flight only evolved once in mammals. Most molecular biological evidence supports the view that bats form a single or monophyletic group.

There are few fossilized remains of bats, as bats are terrestrial and light-boned. An Eocene bat, "Onychonycteris", was found in the 52-million-year-old Green River Formation in Wyoming, United States, in 2003. It could fly, but the well-preserved skeleton showed the cochlea of the inner ear could not achieve the great hearing ability of modern bats. This was evidence that flight in bats developed before echolocation. The team said it lacked ear and throat features not only of echolocating bats today, but also in other known fossil species. Fossil remains of other Eocene bats, "Icaronycteris", "Archaeonycteris", "Palaeochiropteryx", "Hassianycteris" and "Australonycteris" all show a similar mixture of basal and derived traits, as expected by mosaic evolution.

All Eocene bats had long tails. This feature is also found in early flying insects in the Carboniferous, in early pterosaurs and in "Archaeopteryx" and other dinobirds. The tail helped to keep their flight stable, which means it kept on course, and did not dart about much. To dart about quickly requires special advanced brains and reflexes, which later bats, birds and pterosaurs had, but early ones did not. It requires more brains to control unstable flight than it does for stable flight. That early bats had long tails was predicted by John Maynard Smith before any fossil early bats were found.

"Onychonycteris" had longer hind legs and shorter forearms, similar to climbing mammals that hang under branches such as sloths and gibbons. This palm-sized bat had broad, short wings, suggesting it could not fly as fast or as far as later bat species. Instead of flapping its wings continuously while flying, "Onychonycteris" likely alternated between flaps and glides while in the air. Such physical characteristics suggest this bat did not fly as much as modern bats do, rather flying from tree to tree and spending most of its waking day climbing or hanging on the branches of trees.

An interesting thing about bats is that even though they can see with their eyes, they also use their ears to help them 'see' in the dark. Because of this, they can fly into very dark places where no eye could see. This way of sensing is called echolocation. Echolocation means they use echoes to find where things are.

Echolocation is like sonar, which submarines and ships use to find things underwater. This is how it works: when a bat flies, it makes lots of sounds. "We" cannot hear these sounds (they are too high-pitched), but bats can hear them. Biologists have instruments to record them, and then play them back at a lower frequency so humans can hear them.

When a bat makes its noises, the sound waves move away from the bat. If they hit something, they bounce back to the bat (this bounce is called an "echo".) If nothing bounces back, the bat knows there is nothing in front. They use this echolocation to catch their food, like butterflies or dragonflies. When a bat begins its nightly exploration, it usually sends out about 10 calls per second. From the echo they know what is in front. When they get an echo from something good to eat, the calls increase up to 200 calls per second. This increase of sounds is called a "feeding buzz". The bat makes a feeding buzz to sense all the quick moves of the insect it is trying to catch.

Hearing and understanding the echoes that go back to the bat takes special structures in the bat's brain. Because of this, many scientists, doctors, and even the U.S. army study bats carefully. The U.S. army spends hundreds of thousands of dollars every year to study echolocation in bats.

Bats also have reasonably good eyesight, and can see their prey and where they are flying if it's not too dark. There are lots of stories about bats flying right into people, but this is not true. They can see in the light very well, and in the dark, they can see much better than us. So the expression "blind as a bat" is not very scientific.

Some bats use echolocation to communicate with each other to find food in groups. Scientists from the Max Planck Institute of Animal Behavior studied the bat "Molossus molossus", which hunts insects in groups. They found the bats could understand echolocation noises made by other bats and even tell which other bat in their group had made the sound, like people recognizing each other's voices.

Bats fly with their hands. In fact, the name of the order of bats, "Chiroptera", means 'hand-wings' in Greek.

Bat and bird wings are different. Birds do not have long finger-like bones in their wings like bats. Birds can not move each of their fingers, but bats can. Because of this, bats can change their direction while flying or fly in any pattern they want: this makes it easier to catch their food. A bat flies as if they are "swimming" through the air – pushing both wings down and backward.

A bird's wing has lots of feathers, while a bat's wing is mostly a stretchy, thin skin called a patagium. This thin membrane of skin stretches between each finger bone, connects to the bat's ankle, and connects to the bat's tail (if it has one). A bat folds its wings next to its body when not flying.

Bats have one claw (sometimes called a "bat thumb") that sticks out of the top of the wing. They use their "thumb" to climb and crawl. Interestingly, bats also use their thumbs to clean their ears.

Bats' wings have a lot of maneuverability (they can change direction quickly) – more so than a bird, in fact – but they do not have a lot of lift. Because of this, bats usually have to climb up onto a tree or jump up into the air for the boost before they start flapping their wings.

Even though bats are very small, they live a long time. Some bats can live forty years. Scientists think this is because their immune systems are very good at fighting viruses. Bats fight viruses without having inflammation in their bodies. Doctors think inflammation causes harm to the body, so they think this could be why bats live a long time.

Because bats rest in large groups with many other bats, they can pass diseases to each other easily. This means that over thousands of generations, viruses and other germs have placed selective pressure on bats, killing bats with weak immune systems and leaving bats with good immune systems to survive and have young.

Many viruses that start in bats later change and become dangerous diseases in humans, for example Ebola and SARS-CoV-2.

Megabats eat fruit, nectar or pollen. They pollinate flowers and sometimes spread their seeds. Many tropical plants completely depend on bats.

Most microbats (7 out of 10 bat species) are insectivorous, that is, they eat insects. Some microbats eat small vertebrate animals (small mammals or fish), blood, or even other bats. There are only a few species of vampire bats, which eat blood from cattle.

Most bats rest, sleep and hibernate in an upside-down position. They hang on to branches or rocks with their feet. To do this they have a locking mechanism on the tendons in their feet which stops them from slipping. The energy they spend hanging on is greatly reduced. The most obvious gain is that they can sleep without falling off. Once the tendons are locked, the muscles in their legs and feet can relax. Even dead bats stay hanging.


In the United Kingdom all bats are protected by law, and even disturbing a bat or its roost can be punished with a heavy fine.

Austin, Texas is the summer home to North America's largest urban bat coven (under the Congress Avenue bridge), an estimated 1,500,000 Mexican free-tailed bats, who eat an estimated 10 to 30 tons of insects each night, and attract 100,000 tourists each year.

In Sarawak, Malaysia bats are protected species, but the large naked bat and greater nectar bat are eaten by the local communities.

In the West, bats are associated with vampires, who are said to be able to change into bats. Bats are also a symbol of ghosts, death and disease. However bats are said to be lucky in some European countries, such as Poland.

The bat is used in fiction by both villains like Dracula and heroes like Batman. Kenneth Oppel wrote a series of novels, beginning with "Silverwing", which feature bats as good characters.

Miguel de Cervantes

Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra (29 September 1547 – 23 April 1616) was a Spanish writer. His most famous book was "Don Quijote de la Mancha". It is considered the first modern novel, and therefore Cervantes was the first novelist. The book has been published in 65 countries. The work is considered among the most important in all of literature. He is sometimes called "The Prince of Satire".

Nobody knows for sure the reasons that forced Cervantes to leave Castile. Whether he was a "student" of the same name, a "sword-wielding fugitive from justice", or fleeing from a royal warrant of arrest, for having wounded a certain Antonio de Sigura in a duel, is another mystery. 

In any event, in going to Italy, Cervantes was doing what many young Spaniards of the time did to further their careers. Rome would reveal to the young artist its ecclesiastic pomp, ritual, and majesty. In a city teeming with ruins Cervantes could focus his attention on Renaissance art, architecture, and poetry (knowledge of Italian literature is readily discernible in his own productions) and on rediscovering antiquity. He could find in the ancients "a powerful impetus to revive the contemporary world in light of its accomplishments". Thus, Cervantes' continuing desire for Italy, as revealed in his later works, was in part a desire for a return to an earlier period of the Renaissance.

By 1570, Cervantes had enlisted as a soldier in a regiment of the Spanish naval elite corps, Infantería de Marina, stationed in Naples, then a possession of the Spanish crown. He was there for about a year before he saw active service. In September 1571 Cervantes sailed on board the "Marquesa", part of the galley fleet of the Holy League, Spain, the Republic of Venice, the Republic of Genoa, the Duchy of Savoy, the Knights Hospitaller based in Malta, and others, under the command of King Philip II's illegitimate half brother, John of Austria, that defeated the Ottoman fleet on October 7 in the Gulf of Lepanto near Corinth, at great cost to both sides. Though taken down with fever, Cervantes refused to stay below, and begged to be allowed to take part in the battle, saying that he would rather die for his God and his king than keep under cover. He fought bravely on board a vessel, and received three gunshot wounds – two in the chest, and one which rendered his left arm useless. In "Journey to Parnassus" he was to say that he "had lost the movement of the left hand for the glory of the right" (he was thinking of the success of the first part of "Don Quixote"). Cervantes always looked back on his conduct in the battle with pride; he believed that he had taken part in an event that would shape the course of European history.

Game Boy line

The Game Boys are a group of handheld video game consoles made by Nintendo that ran from 1989 to 2009.

The first Game Boy was released in 1989. It had a small screen, a D-pad, Start and Select keys, and an A and B button. To play games, there were small objects called cartridges that you put into the Game Boy to play the game in the cartridge. The game that made it popular, and the system's launch title, was Tetris. The Game Boy had a link cable and a link port which let it connect with other Game Boys to play games in multiplayer mode.

After the Game Boy, Nintendo released the Game Boy Pocket, which was a smaller Game Boy more convenient to carry around. It had a better, sharper screen and it only needed two AAA batteries instead of four AA. The link port was smaller than the Game Boy's, so the Game Boy and Game Boy Pocket could not connect with the original connector cable; a newer model cable with double-sided ends was needed to do this.

The Game Boy Light was only released in Japan and had a front-light (the blue light used on old watches) so people could see better. It is very rare - only about 12,000 of them were manufactured. Because it is rare, it sells for more money than other Game Boys.

The Game Boy Color was the first Game Boy in color. It was also able to play Game Boy cartridges, which helped it sell better. This also helped other Game Boy models after the Game Boy Color. It is sometimes called the GBC.

The Game Boy Advance is a handheld that had better color and smaller cartridges. It could play more advanced games than the previous Game Boys. It is sometimes called the GBA. It came out in March 2001.

The Game Boy Advance SP was an improved version of the original "GBA". It has a clamshell design, which means you can fold it to make it smaller when you're not using it. It has a front-lit screen (better than the one on the Game Boy Light), which the Game Boy Advance did not have. It can play Game Boy and Game Boy Color games, along with the new cartridges introduced with the GBA. A newer model, labeled the AGS-101, was released which had an even better backlight and very good contrast; some people say it is the best way to play Game Boy, Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance games.

The Game Boy Micro is a smaller variation of the GBA. It has a smaller link port than the Game Boy Advance. Its backlight and contrast are as good as the 101 model of the Game Boy Advance SP. Unlike its predecessors, it cannot play GB or GBC games.

The Nintendo DS line is the successor to the Game Boy line. It consists of the Nintendo DS and the Nintendo 3DS.

When Nintendo released the Nintendo DS handheld in 2004, they said it was a "third pillar" (the other two pillars were the Game Boy and the home console). It has two screens, one of which is a touch screen. DS games use cards in Slot 1. Slot 2 can accept Game Boy Advance games. A newer model, called the DS Lite, released in 2006, also plays GBA games. But like the GBA Micro, neither of them can play original Game Boy or Game Boy Color games. The DSi and DSi XL, released in 2008 and 2009, replaced the GBA slot with an SD Card. This makes it impossible to play GBA games. Some DS games also included extra features contained in "option paks", which were just like GBA games. So these features could not be used on those DS games if they were played on the DSi or DSi XL.

Like the DSi and DSi XL, the 3DS line lacks a GBA slot. However, GB and GBC games can be downloaded through the Virtual Console. Those who bought a 3DS prior to the 2011 price drop were lucky to download ten GBA games, along with ten NES games, through the Ambassador Program. While the NES games became available to the public, the GBA games remain exclusive to the Ambassadors.

Pope Paul VI

Pope Paul VI (; ), born Giovanni Battista Enrico Antonio Maria Montini, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 263rd Pope from 1963 until his death in 1978. Paul was a spiritual leader and the head of the church bureaucracy. Pope Benedict XVI declared in 2012 that Paul had lived “a life of heroic virtue.” Two years later he was beatified by Pope Francis. He was canonized by the same pope in October 2018.

Montini was born in Concesio. That is near Brescia in northern Italy. His father was editor of a Roman Catholic newspaper. He received degrees in civil and canon law, theology and philosophy.

Montini was ordained and celebrated his first mass in 1920. He worked in the Vatican diplomatic corps. During World War II, he was in charge of the Vatican's work for refugees and prisoners of war. He was made Archbishop of Milan in 1954. Pope John XXIII made Montini a cardinal in 1958.

Cardinal Montini was elected Pope in 1963. Pope Paul continued the Second Vatican Council which was begun by Pope John XXIII. His first encyclical is the only one in the Vatican archives which is in the handwriting of the pope who delivered it. Paul VI was known as the "pilgrim" pope for his numerous travels. He was the first pope to fly in an airplane. 

In 1964, Paul was the first pope to travel from Rome to the Holy Land. He flew first to Amman in Jordan. Then he traveled by car to Jerusalem. In 1970, the pope visited Australia, the Phillipines, and Indonesia. In 1975, Paul declared 1975 to be a "jubilee" year with themes of renewal and reconciliation.

In 1978, Prime Minister Aldo Moro was kidnapped in Rome. Pope Paul VI made an offer to exchange his life for Moro's. The offer was not accepted. Moro was killed 55 days later.

At the age of 80, Pope Paul VI died at Castel Gandolfo, Italy, from a heart attack.

The Pope Paul VI Hall is the modern building in which mass papal audiences are held.


Serafian, Michael. (1964). "The Pilgrim." New York: Farrar, Straus. OCLC 386084?


Macau

The Macao Special Administrative Region (Macau or Macao, ) is one of China's two Special Administrative Regions. (The other one is Hong Kong). Macau is a small city in the southern coast in China. Like Hong Kong, Macau also has a large amount of autonomy, with its own passport, currency, economic rules, and constitution.

It consists of Macau Peninsula (Aomen Bandao), Taipa Island (Dangzai Dao), Coloane Island (Luhuan Dao) and Cotai (Ludangcheng), the new reclaimed land between Taipa and Coloane. It is very densely populated, with over half a million people living in just over 12 square miles.

Macau used to be a colony of Portugal. Although Portuguese is an official language alongside Chinese (as a result of it being a Portuguese colony in the past), very few Macanese actually speak Portuguese; only about 0.7% speak it at home. As a matter of fact, English is more commonly spoken, despite it not being an official language (about 2.3% speak it at home). Cantonese is the main dialect of Chinese spoken in Macau. However, Mandarin has also become more common since Portugal returned it to China in 1999.

Today, Macau mostly makes money from offshore gambling. In fact, Macau generated 7 times greater gambling revenue than Las Vegas in 2013. People in Macau also make some money from exporting clothing.

As Macau was previously a Portuguese colony, you can easily find traces of how the Portuguese culture is presented in the city. One of them is itinerary for couples, who are intending to spend a day exploring Macau.

Macau’s economy relies on gambling. Eighty percent of the government’s revenue is derived from gambling. The revenue generated by gambling in 2019 was $36.5 billion, which is about 6 times larger than Las Vegas. Macau has 41 casinos including several that belong to Wynn resorts and Sands.

Macau is the only part of China where gambling is legal. Many of the customers of casinos are wealthy Chinese.

Around 2020 Chinese new year authorities closed down travel from China to Macau. Visits fell eighty percent. It is estimated by some observers that the 2019–20 coronavirus outbreak will cost Macau between 5-15 percent of its gambling revenue.

Taipei

Taipei City () is the capital city of the Republic of China, known by most people simply as Taiwan. It is the largest city in Taiwan. It has a monsoon humid subtropical climate ("Cwa" in the Köppen climate classification). Its population in 2014 was about 2.7 million people. Its mayor is Ko Wen-je.

Taipei is the political, economic, educational, and cultural center of Taiwan island, and one of the major hubs of Greater China. Considered to be a global city, Taipei is part of a major high-tech industrial area. Railways, Taipei Metro, high-speed rail, highways, airports, and bus lines connect Taipei with all parts of the island. The city is served by two airports – Taipei Songshan and Taiwan Taoyuan. Taipei is home to various world-famous architectural or cultural landmarks which include Taipei 101, Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, Dalongdong Baoan Temple, Taipei Zoo, National Taiwan University, Hsing Tian Kong, Lungshan Temple of Manka, National Palace Museum, Presidential Office Building, Taipei Guest House, Ximending, and several night markets dispersing over the city. Its natural features such as Maokong, Yangmingshan, and hot springs are also well known to international visitors.

In 1626, Spanish people took over and started to spread their religion. The Dutch moved out Spanish and took over their fortresses than the Dutch started their trading business. In 1661 Koxinga came to Taiwan and expel the Dutch. And he started to reclaim Taiwan, used a system called Tuntian (a state-promoted method of agriculture), it successfully help Taipei to grow more food. Taipei officially became part of the Tianxing county of China.

In 1683 Taiwan got marked as part of the Qing Dynasty. Therefore, a lot of Chinese moved into Taipei, so there were many villages and streets formed, like the Mengjia, Shilin Street, Xikou Street and Dadaocheng. Dadaocheng is a place that produces tea, it has an important impact on how Taipei became prosperous. It was the biggest external trade port that . Foreign countries started to set their business stores in Taipei.

Taipei City is divided into 12 districts. Among the notable one is Tamsui.
When compared to other Asian cities, Taipei has "excellent" capabilities for managing air quality in the city. Its rainy climate, location near the coast, and strong environmental regulations have prevented air pollution from becoming a substantial health issue, at least compared to cities in southeast Asia and industrial China. However, smog is extremely common and there is poor visibility throughout the city after rain-less days.

Motor vehicle engine exhaust, particularly from motor scooters, is a source of air pollution in Taipei. There are higher levels of fine particulate matter and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the mornings because of less air movement; sunlight reduces some pollution.


Bob Chiarelli

Robert (Bob) Chiarelli (born September 24, 1941) is a retired Canadian politician, who from 2001 to 2006 was the mayor of Ottawa. In 2006, Chiarelli was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario, serving as the Member of Provincial Parliament for the riding of Ottawa-West-Nepean. In the 2018 Ontario provincial election, Chiarelli was not reelected and decided he would retire from politics. Chiarelli grew up in Ottawa, and was married to the late Carol Chiarelli.

Skeleton

A skeleton is the hard structure that protects the internal organs of a living thing. Skeletons can be inside the body or outside the body. In mammals, which include humans, the skeleton is made of bones. All the bones, when they are joined together, make the "skeletal system" of a body. The skeletal system or "skeleton" is under the skin, the muscle and the tissue of the body. The skeleton supports the skin, muscle and tissue, and all the organs that are inside the body. The skeleton protects important internal organs like the brain, heart and lungs. If humans did not have a skeleton then the body would be flat as the skeleton gives the body its frame.



The important parts of a human body are the head, the spine, the chest, the abdomen, the arms and hands, and the legs and feet. 

The head bones all together are called the skull. 

The spine supports the head, the chest and the structure that carries the arms. It is made of small bones called vertebrae. The spine, all together, is called the spinal column. It is not straight, but has curves that help to support the body, and help the person to move and bend. One bone is a "vertebra". More than one are "vertebrae".
The "vertebrae" have different names, depending on the part of the body they are joined to. 

This part of the body is made of the sacrum and the two pelvic bones which are joined to it on either side. The pelvic bones are carried by the leg bones, and they support the "spinal column". Each pelvic bone has a strong structure for the leg bone to fit into, so that a person can stand, walk, run and jump. Each pelvic bone spreads into a large flat plate which supports the person's "internal organs". The pelvis of a woman spreads into a wider shape than a man's, so that when the woman is pregnant, the baby is supported by the pelvis, until it is ready to be born. At the bottom of the pelvis is a large opening, big enough for a baby to pass through.

The chest is called the thorax, and the vertebrae that are part of it are the thoracic vertebrae. The thorax is made up of long flat curved bones called ribs. At the back, the ribs are joined to the vertebrae. At the front, most of the ribs are joined to the sternum, which is often called the "breast bone". All together, the "thorax" protects the heart, lungs and stomach. 

At the top of the "thorax" is the shoulder girdle. This is made of two thin horizontal bones at the front, joined to the "sternum". These two bones are called the clavicles or "collar bones". At the back of the "thorax" are two flat triangular-shaped bones called the scapulae, or "shoulder blades". The "clavicles" and "scapulae" come together on each side to make "shoulders". The bones of the arms fit into sockets (cup-like holes) in the "scapulae".

Arms and legs both have a thicker bone at the top and two thinner bones at the bottom. They both have a rotating joint at the top, and a hinge joint in the middle. The hands and feet have lots of bones and are joined to the arms and legs by small bones with sliding parts. 



A skeleton, or just a skull, has often been used as a symbol for death and poison. 

Skeletons, particularly living skeletons, have often been used in horror stories and comedies.

Catalan

Catalan might mean:

GP2X

The GP2X is a handheld gaming console. It uses the Linux operating system. An operating system goes inside another system. It helps the other system do what it needs to. The GP2X can have music, videos, games, and pictures. There are updates to the GP2X so it will get more things. The GP2X can have DivX, XviD, MP3, and Ogg Vorbis. DivX and XviD are ways to keep videos and MP3 and Ogg Vorbis can keep music. It can also be able to emulate video games. Emulating means you copy a system. It can emulate systems like the Nintendo Entertainment System, Sega Master System, Turbo Grafx 16, Game Boy, Super Nintendo Entertainment System, and Genesis.


Community

A community is a collection of living creatures that share a common habitat. They are frequently interested in the same things. People in human groups share some of the same values and needs, which has an impact on the group's and individuals' identities. Despite the fact that communities are established on personal interests, each individual is unique in their own manner, which is the primary source of social variety in a community.

Upton Sinclair

Upton Beall Sinclair (September 20, 1878 – November 25, 1968) was a writer of many works from the United States. His most famous book, "The Jungle" from 1906, was about the American meat-packing industry.

Upton Sinclair had socialist political opinions. Most of Sinclair's books, including "The Jungle", dealt with social injustice. He also wrote a book called "Mental Radio" where he claimed to have conducted telepathic experiments with his wife. 

He wrote many other books. His book "The Flivver King" was about the Ford Motor Company. "The Flivver King" was written at the time when workers at Ford factories were trying to start a labor union. He wrote a series (many books in a row) with Lanny Budd as the main character. There were eleven (11) Lanny Budd books. The Lanny Budd books were about current events in the World at the time.

He later joined the Democratic Party and ran for governor of the state of California in 1934. He wanted California to start new businesses which would be run by the state government. This was to help people who were unemployed (did not have jobs) because of the Great Depression. He lost the election. 

He retired in the town of Buckeye, Arizona.


Gizmondo

Gizmondo is a handheld video game system. It is made by Tiger Telematics. It has GPRS and GPS. GPRS is used to go on the Internet, and GPS is where you can see where you are. Some games use the Gizmondo's GPS. It has a camera. It can also send text (words) and multimedia (pictures and videos and music) messages, play MP3/WAV/MIDI music and WMA/MP4 video, and play games. MP3, WAV, and MIDI are ways to keep music, and WMA and MP4 are ways to keep videos.

The Gizmondo came out in the United Kingdom in March 2005 for £229. It came out in the USA in October 22, 2005. Games include "Agaju: the Sacred Path", "Colors", and "Chicane". 

In February 2006, the company was forced into bankruptcy and stopped making the Gizmondo.

Antarctic Treaty System

The Antarctic Treaty System is a set of agreements about the continent of Antarctica. It was signed in 1959 and took effect in 1961. So far, it has been signed by 46-48 countries.

The ATS is used for governing the continent. The main idea of the Antarctic Treaty System (ATS) is to make sure that Antarctica is:

Kansas City, Missouri

Kansas City is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Missouri. The Kansas River and Missouri River meet one another in Kansas City. The city has about 508,090 people, and the entire metropolitan area has about 2,000,000 people, some of whom live in the state of Kansas. Its mayor is Quinton Lucas. Some sports teams there are the Royals (baseball), the Chiefs (American football), and the Wizards (soccer). Kansas City is well known for some of its barbecue restaurants, and is also an important place for business.

Cascading Style Sheets

Cascading Style Sheets, or CSS, is a way to change the look of HTML and XHTML web pages. CSS was designed by the W3C, and is supported well by most modern web browsers. The current version of CSS is CSS3. CSS4 is available, but is split into parts.

One advantage to using CSS is a web page can still be displayed, even if the CSS is not working or removed.

CSS code is saved in files with the .css file extension.

To import a CSS file you would use codice_1 or for a folder you would use codice_2 in HTML. 

In CSS you would use codice_3 or for a folder you would use codice_4 to import CSS into your CSS. 

You could also use codice_5 in a set of codice_6 tags to import the CSS in your HTML from your CSS. You could also put your CSS directly into the HTML by putting in a set of codice_7 tags.

To make all paragraphs on a page blue and sized 20% bigger than normal text, we would apply this CSS rule to a page:
p {
color: blue;
font-size: 120%;
background-color: white

The codice_8 refers to all HTML elements with the codice_9 tag. The CSS is being used to change this element. The codice_10 and codice_11 are both properties and the codice_12 and codice_13 are values. Each property has a set of possible values. These values can be words or numbers.

To give the main Title on a page a solid red border underneath, we would apply this CSS rule to the page. 5px otherwise known as pixels, represents the thickness of the line:
h1 {
border-bottom: 5px solid red;
The codice_14 refers to all HTML elements with the codice_9 tag. The CSS is being used to change this element. The codice_16 is the property and the codice_17 and codice_18 are values. Each property has a set of possible values. These values can be words or numbers.

To give a button a hover effect and make it blue with no border, we would apply this CSS rule to this page. The CSS is being used to change this element. The button refers to all HTML elements with the <button> tag. 
padding:25px 35px;

button {
border:0px;
Preview with the HTML code codice_19 used: 
Preview of the button being hovered over:


Allah

Allah () is the common name for God in the Arabic language. It is similar to "Eloah", the name for God in the Hebrew language, and "Elaha," the name for God in the Aramaic language. Muslims commonly use the word "Allah" for God. Sometimes, people who speak Arabic still use the word Allah when they speak English. In Islam, Allah is Merciful and Allah is the one who loves his followers.

Around 2000 BC (4000 years ago) there was a group of people called the Canaanites, who lived in the Middle East. They had many gods, and the ruling god was called "El" or "Il." El had power and ruled over everything, and he lived forever. He is claimed to have made the earth and everything else. Later, the word "El" became "Eloh" or "Elaha" in the Aramaic language. Another language, Hebrew, changed the Aramaic word to "Eloah". In the New Testament (the second book in the Christian Bible), the words "Eli" and "Elohi" were used to mean god. "El" is also in some people's names: Gabri-el, Mika-el, Azrael, Israel, Israel, Yishmael, Emanuel etc.

In Arabic, the general word for a god is "ilaah". It can mean a specific god, or any god at all, depending on how it is used.

As a proper noun, "Allah" is a name for one God, the god of the Abrahamic religions. In Arabic, the word "al" is an article (a word for "the"), so "al-ILaah" means ""The" God". Usually, the word "Allah" is used by Muslims. However, Arab Christians also call their God "Allah." The name "Allah" is made of four letters in Arabic, (or Alif Lam Lam Ha, from right to left, A-L-L-H, 2111), which when brought together make الله

In Islam, God is usually called "Allah." There are many different names for God in Islam. However, "Allah" is the most common. It means the same thing as any of the other names. For Muslims, "Allah" describes a single God who is all-powerful and never makes mistakes. Muslims believe that Allah created everything, including the heavens and the Earth, simply by saying "Kun Faya Kun (""Be and it is"). Muslims often repeat the word "Allah" many times when they are praying.

In Judaism, God is usually called YHWH (by scholarly convention pronounced Yahweh) and Eloah. Both names are mentioned in the Old Testament and are one of the seven names of God in Judaism. It can also be noted that in Judaism, Elohim is a name for God and in Islam, Allahuma is a name for God. Since Jewish and Muslim names of God are very similar, Jews and Muslims say that they believe in the same God.

Arab Christians call their God "Allah" due to the Arabic language. In the Arabic translation of the Christian Bible, God is referred to by "Allah". The word "Allah" was also used in the old translations of the Bible into Turkish, e.g. 1941 version, due to Islamic culture being common in Turkey, and because the Turkish language was influenced by the Arabic language.

IPod nano

The iPod nano is a MP3 player made by Apple Inc. It is available in 8GB and 16GB memory, in nine colours: silver, grey, purple, blue, green, yellow, orange, red, and pink.

The iPod Nano was discontinued by Apple on July 27, 2017.

There is a built-in FM receiver inside the iPod nano, and with the radio app, radio from the FM channels can be listened to. There is also a feature called Live Pause which allows listeners to pause the radio stream, and resume it at the same place later.
The iPod nano can 'talk to you', using a feature called VoiceOver. When the button on the headphones or the Click Wheel is held down, VoiceOver will speak the song currently playing and its artist. This feature is available in 20 languages.
The iPod nano has a built-in pedometer. You can create a Daily Step goal, or use the 'Always On' setting so it counts all of your steps.

Using the Nike+iPod sport kit, the iPod nano can be used as a fitness aid. It can measure your run by fitting into the insole Nike+ shoe pocket, then it can sync it to nikeplus.com. Nike+ is also compatible with some exercise machines.
The iPod nano includes a video camera which can be used to capture video. You can add fifteen video effects, then upload it to YouTube, MobileMe, or Facebook with your computer.

The iPod Nano was first released on September 7, 2005. 1, 2, and 4 GB iPods were available.

The second generation iPod Nano was released on September 25, 2006. Like the second generation iPod Mini it was available in different colors. But unlike the Mini, the click wheel was grey for all colors except for the black iPod which had a black click wheel.

The 1GB iPod was only available in silver, the 4GB iPod was available in green, blue, silver, and pink and the 8GB was only available in black, but red was added later.

On October 13, 2006, a Product Red iPod Nano was released. For each red iPod Nano sold a $10 donation goes to the Product Red brand. On November 3, 2006 a red 8GB iPod Nano was released due to high demand.

The third generation iPod Nano was released on September 5, 2007. It had a new smaller and wider design, video playback ability and a new user interface.

A 4GB iPod was released in silver while an 8GB iPod was released in silver, turquoise, mint green, black, and Product Red. A pink 8GB iPod was also released on January 22, 2008.

On October 6, 2007 Apple released OS 1.0.2 which improved cover flow and made going throw the menu a lot quicker. On November 28, 2007 1.0.3 was released which fixed a couple of bugs. On January 15, 2008 1.1 came out which had support for iTunes movie hiring, music song lyrics and more bug fixes. 1.1.2 and 1.1.3 had bug fixes. They were both released in May and July 2008.

The iPod Nano fourth generation was released on September 9, 2008 and changed back to the body shape used in the first and second generation models.

The six old colors (silver, black, mint, turquoise, berry red and rose pink) were replaced with silver, black, purple, light blue, green, yellow, orange, red and pink. But the Product Red iPod could only be bought on the Apple website and retail stores. An accelerometer was also added to the iPod Nano. Because of this, you could turn the shuffle songs feature on and off by shaking it, go through the cover flow when you put the iPod on its side and look at pictures portrait or landscape. But videos could only be watched in landscape. Because of the accelerometer feature, the Quiz game was removed and a new Maze game was added.

The iPod Nano fifth generation was released on September 9, 2009 and had a smaller price than the last generation. At the time the 8GB Nano was $149 and the 16GB Nano $179. The screen was also bigger and some new colors were introduced: Silver, Black, Purple, Blue, Yellow, Orange, Product Red, Green and Pink though the yellow and Product Red iPods were only available at the Apple Website and retailers.

The fifth generation introduced a number of new things including a microphone, a pedometer, a video camera and an FM radio that had station frequencies coming from North and South America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand and Asia.
The dock connector and the head jack also swapped sides so that the head jack was left of the dock connector.

The sixth generation iPod Nano was released on September 1, 2010. It was a combination of the iPod Shuffle by the size and shape and the iPod Touch by the touch screen, a sleep/wake button and the user interface and icons. This iPod Nano however didn't have a video camera, the ability to play back videos, the voice-recorder, (though plugging in the headphones with a microphone would show a voice memos app) built in speaker and games. But it did still have a pedometer and an FM radio. The price for this iPod Nano was also the same GB models for the same prices as the previous generation Nano.

On February 28, 2011, OS 1.1 was released with featured the ability to change song or pause by double clicking the sleep/wake button and on October 4, 2011 OS 1.2 added several new wallpapers and the ability to change the size of icons.

The seventh generation iPod Nano was released on October 12, 2012. The shape was again similar to the fifth generation shape but it was still the same size as the sixth generation and still had a touch screen but only a single 16GB iPod Nano was released but video playback was also restored. It was discontinued on July 27, 2017, alongside iPod Shuffle.

Proton decay

Proton decay is a theory that a proton could decay into two small particles, a pion and a positron. This would be a new type of radioactive decay. So far, proton decay has not been observed, but some physicists believe it. Most current theories say that protons do not decay.

Names of God in Islam

The 99 Names of Allah (, translit: ) also known as the 99 attributes of Allah, according to Islamic tradition, are the names of Allah revealed by the Creator (الله) (Allah) in the Qur'an. These are considered to be the attributes of Allah. The 99 Names of Allah are very important to Muslims and in Islamic tradition they are taken from different verses of the Holy Qur'an.
According to Islamic tradition, whoever memorizes and acts upon the 99 names of Allah, will enter Paradise. 

They are: 
‘Allah’ is a title for All-Mighty Allah. The word Allah means One and only Allah in Arabic. It is a combination of ‘Ilah’ in Arabic which means Allah, and ‘al’ the alif and laam letters of the Arabic alphabet which denote the definite article, Allah, meaning "the God".


Single-player video game

A single-player game, when talking about computer games or video games, means a game that is played by one player. It involves playing against and/or with computer-controlled (AI) characters.

Fallopian tube

The fallopian tubes (also known as oviducts and uterine tubes) connect the ovaries to the uterus. The fallopian tubes let the ovum pass into the uterus. The ovum is able to be fertilized by sperm during sexual intercourse.

They are named after the 16th century Italian anatomist, Gabriele Falloppio. The Greek word salpinx (σαλπιγξ) means "trumpet".

There are two Fallopian tubes attached to either side of the end of the uterus. Each tube will end near one ovary. This place is called the fimbria. The Fallopian tubes are not attached to the ovaries, but open into the peritoneal cavity.

In humans, the Fallopian tubes are about 7 - 14 cm long. 

There are four parts of the fallopian tube from the ovary to the uterus:

The fallopian tube is made of three layers:


The Fallopian tubes can move around the pelvis.

When an ovum is ready to be released from the ovary, the ovary wall breaks open and the ovum goes into the fallopian tube. There, it starts moving towards to uterus with the help of liquids and cilia on the inside walls. This can take hours or days.

If the ovum is fertilized while in the fallopian tube, then it sticks to the endometrium, which is the beginning of pregnancy.


1818

1818 is a common year in the Gregorian calendar.


Carmen Miranda

Carmen Miranda (February 9, 1909 – August 5, 1955) was a Portuguese-Brazilian singer and actress. She was best known for her exotic costumes and hats made of fruit.

Magnum, P.I.

Magnum, P.I. is an American American crime drama television series. It stars Tom Selleck and John Hillerman. It was on TV from 1980 to 1988. It is about Thomas Magnum III, a smooth private detective working in Hawaii.

Twin Peaks

Twin Peaks was an American television series that ran from 1990 to 1991. It told the story of an FBI agent who comes to the strange small town of Twin Peaks, Washington, to investigate the murder of a teenage girl. It was made by David Lynch. The show was successful around the world. In 1992, a Twin Peaks movie 'Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me' was released.


McDonald's

McDonald's is an American corporation that operates one of the largest chains of fast food restaurants in the world.

McDonald's has over 36,000 stores in 119 countries and territories, the second-most stores out of all fast food chains worldwide behind only the submarine sandwich chain Subway. They serve almost 54 million people each day.
The first McDonald's restaurant was opened by Richard and Maurice (Mac) McDonald in 1940. It was located on Route 66 in San Bernardino, California. The McDonald brothers later sold their company to Ray Kroc in Des Plaines, Illinois.

McDonald's restaurants mainly serve hamburgers, cheeseburgers, chicken nuggets, burgers, french fries, breakfast items, soft drinks, milk shakes and desserts. They also have options such as salads, apples, milk, McDonald's Popular Picks

In Australia, they sell the Frozen Coke, which is very popular.

More McDonald's food is sold in the United States than in any other area, which means that it is McDonald's largest market. Europe is McDonald's second largest market. The restaurants are either operated directly by McDonalds or more often by a franchise, where the business is owned and operated by someone else to the standards set by McDonald's and with support from the McDonald's company. The company provides a central source of supply for food items and standardized menu.

McDonald's used to make their fries in beef tallow. People liked the flavor the tallow gave to the fries. Criticisms about its high saturated fat content was a big concern to customers in the 1980's so in 1990, McDonald's switched to using vegetable oil instead.

In 2014, McDonald's in Europe used chicken meat which was produced by using genetically modified animal feed, which it had not done since 2001. Greenpeace states that McDonald's saves less than one Eurocent for each Chickenburger and goes down a path not desired by its customers.

McDonald's mascot is a clown named Ronald McDonald. He was made in 1963, and Willard Scott was the first to play as him.

McDonald's has restaurants in the following countries:


English people

English people refer to people who are citizens of England or of English descent. England is one of the nations that is a part of the Island of Great Britain. It shares the island with Scotland (Scots) and Wales (the Welsh). England is also a part of the United Kingdom along with Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Because of this, English people are also British people.

Originally, English people descended from Anglo-Saxons and Celts. Modern English people often have ancestors from many different countries. Often, their ancestors came from other European countries and from the rest of the world.

Many people leave England to live in former British colonies. These include the United States, Australia and Canada. The countries with the most English people, other than the United Kingdom are the United States, Australia, Canada, South Africa and New Zealand.

Citizenship refers to the United Kingdom rather than just England. Many citizens in the U.K. are not ethnically British. In the past, the British Empire controlled countries all over the world. People from many of these countries moved to England and had families. Over time, this led to many citizens from different ethnic groups. Examples of these groups include Indian people and other groups from the Indian subcontinent, people from African countries, people from the Caribbean islands and people from Hong Kong.

Emigration from Britain is even more significant. About 40 to 44 million people in other countries have British ancestors. Census data provide the evidence for these statements.

To Kill a Mockingbird

To Kill a Mockingbird is an American novel written by Harper Lee. It was published in 1960. The book was a great success. It won the Pulitzer Prize. The book was adapted and made into a 1962 movie starring Gregory Peck. The movie won three Academy Awards.

Lee based the story and characters on her family and neighbors, and something that happened near her hometown in 1936. This was when she was 10 years old.

"To Kill a Mockingbird" is a Southern Gothic novel and a "bildungsroman" (a story where the main character develops and grows). Its main themes are white/black racism and innocence. Lee also writes about bravery, compassion, and gender roles in the American Deep South. The book has been taught in many schools in English-speaking countries with lessons about being patient and fair.

It is set during the Great Depression (world depression) of the 1930s. It was first published in 1960 and made into a movie in 1962. It tells the story of a young girl, Jean Louise Finch (known as "Scout") and her brother Jeremy Atticus Finch (known as "Jem"). They live in the Southern United States with their father Atticus Finch, who is a lawyer. In the story, Atticus defends a black man, Tom Robinson, who has been wrongly accused of raping a white woman.

Harper Lee was born in 1926 and grew up in the Southern town of Monroeville, Alabama. There, she became close friends with Truman Capote, who became a famous writer later. She went to Huntingdon College in Montgomery (1944–45), and then studied law at the University of Alabama (1945–49). When she went to college, she wrote for literary magazines, like "Huntress" and "Rammer Jammer". At both colleges, she wrote short stories and other works about racial unfairness, which was not usually written about in colleges at the time. In 1950, Lee moved to New York City, where she worked as a clerk for British Overseas Airways Corporation. While she was there, she began writing essays and short stories about people in Monroeville. In 1957, Lee showed her writing to a literary agent whom Capote had told her about. An editor at J.B. Lippincott suggested to her that she should stop working at the airline and focus on writing instead. Her friends gave her money to help her continue writing for a year.

Lee spent two and a half years writing "To Kill a Mockingbird". The National Endowment for the Arts describes how Lee once became so unhappy that she threw her manuscript out the window into the snow. Her agent made her take her writing back again. The book was printed on July 11, 1960. It was first titled "Atticus", but Lee changed its name because the story was more than simply about one character. The editors at Lippincott told Lee that she would probably sell only several thousand copies. In 1964, Lee said, "I never expected any sort of success with 'Mockingbird.' ... I was hoping for a quick and merciful death at the hands of the reviewers but, at the same time, I sort of hoped someone would like it enough to give me encouragement. Public encouragement. I hoped for a little, as I said, but I got rather a whole lot, and in some ways this was just about as frightening as the quick, merciful death I'd expected." Instead of a "quick and merciful death", "Reader's Digest Condensed Books" chose part of the book to be printed again. This immediately made many more people read it. After it was first published, the book never stopped being printed.

The story comes from the perspective of 8-year-old girl named Scout Finch, she has an older brother, Jem, who is 4 years older. They live with their father, Atticus, who is a lawyer and they are looked after by Calpurnia, their black maid during the day. The story takes place in a fictional little town called Maycomb, in Alabama, during the Great Depression (1933-1935). At the beginning of the story Scout and Jem are introduced to Dill, he comes to live with his aunt every summer. The kids are intrigued by a recluse they call Boo Radley (real name Arthur Radley). The rumor around the town is that Boo only goes outside of his house at night and hunts squirrels with his bare hands. Dill thinks of a plan to lure him out and dares Jem to pound on the front door. Jem refuses but Dill calls him a coward, Jem has not backed out of a dare since he was born so he ends up doing it. After pounding on the door they all run back to their own house, but for a split second Scout swears she saw a flicker of light in the house, as if they were being watched. Now the kids have grown obsessed with the house, they wonder what Boo looks like and why he doesn't come out. One night they try to break in from the back door to get a glimpse of Boo, however his brother Nathan Radley hears the commotion and fires a shot from his shotgun. the bullets don't hit but the kids learn their lesson.

When school starts Scout and Jem are ridiculed by the other kids their father is protecting a black man, when they ask about it, Atticus tells them that is his client and his name is called Tom Robinson, a black man falsely accused of the rape of a young white woman. Scout and Jem don't understand why their father is defending a black man since it makes the entire town despise them. Around this time their Aunt Alexandra moves in to help take care of the kids, she doesn't approve of Atticus defending a black man. Every Christmas, the Finch family has a gathering at Finch's Landing, their great-grandfather's early home. There Atticus teaches Scout how to shoot a bb gun, but tells her to remember she can shoot all the bluejays she wants if she can hit them, but it's a sin to kill a mockingbird. As the date of the trial comes closer, the kids get a better understanding of the situation and why their father would deliberately choose to take this case if it meant the hardships he would have to ensure. There neighbour Miss Maudie tells them that though Atticus is old, he is still the strongest person in the town, and will take on the burden that no one in town will take.

On the day of the trial, Scout, Jem and Dill sneak into the amphitheater where they are having the hearing even though Atticus told them to stay home. They watch the trial on the porch with the colored people, they see Atticus but he doesn't see them. Atticus begins the trial politely and addresses the jury, Judge Taylor and the prosecutor in a well mannered way. Mayella Ewell and her father Bob Ewell are rash when Atticus shows more evidence and justification that Tom didn't do anything, rather it was Bob Ewell who hit his daughter when he found the pair together. Atticus creates an image of the Ewells for the jury, a family with no mother, an alcoholic father and 7 kids living in a small dilapidated house lacking many essentials. The Ewell’s don't have any defense rather than he said she said, but the jury still finds Tom guilty. Atticus leaves promptly after the trial and takes the kids with him, he is bitter but he does see light in the dark situation. He tells the kids that he's angry about what the verdict was, however the jury deliberated for a couple hours before reaching a decision. Normally when a black man was accused by a white man, the verdict would be guilty, no questions asked, in a matter of seconds. Atticus says today was a small step forward, the children are upset about the extreme racism that they witnessed especially Jem, who pukes at the thought of the situation. Jem asks his neighbour Miss Maudie how a world like this "could exist" and how they could treat a person like that. She tells him that it might seem at times the entire town is racist and evil, but there are always good people even when it seems everything is dark. She also reminds Jem that Judge Taylor chose Atticus for this case, because he also hopes to see some change in this town. Jem nods, and before he goes to sleep he tells Scout that he's beginning to understand why Boo Radley doesn't leave his house.

Things in Maycomb are relatively back to normal after the trial, however Bob Ewell isn't satisfied and tells Atticus he's going to get back at him if it takes his life, Atticus pays very little attention to this and tells the kids Bob was just angry that he made a fool of him in the court. At school Scout and Jem aren't ridiculed anymore, since all the parents tell their children that Scout and Jem are already going through enough having a father who is crazy enough to defend a black man. Every October the town has a Halloween festival, and this year the elementary school is having a performance so Scout has to go. Jem takes her and when they walk there, they are scared by Cecil Jacobs, one of their classmates. Scout goes to the performance but forgets her lines and as they walk back home, Jem tells Scout to hush, but he hears someone following them. Scout thinks it's just Cecil trying to scare them again, but Jem doesn't think so. They keep on walking and reach the Radley place when someone jumps on Jem, Scout screams and hears a snap, the person tries to attack her but is stopped by another person, Scout thinks it was Jem but it was actually Boo Radley who heard the scream outside his house, he takes Scout and Jem back to their house, and Atticus calls Dr. Reynolds and the sheriff, Heck Tate. Heck goes back to the Radley place and finds Bob Ewell dead from a knife to the chest. Scout tells the sheriff that when they were walking back someone jumped them, and attacked Jem and she heard a snap and screamed, the snap was the sound of Jem’s arm breaking. She than recalls Jem defending her from the attacker not knowing that Jem could not function and passed out right after the snap, and that it was Boo Radley who saved her. The sheriff tells Atticus that Bob Ewell fell on his knife, but Atticus is stubborn and still believes Jem killed him. The sheriff and Atticus are both stubborn and the sheriff tells him to think again, it could not have been Jem, he has already passed out, he points to the corner of the room, and Scout sees for the first time, Boo Radley. His face was pale from not seeing the sun in years, and he was standing awkwardly not knowing what to say or do. Atticus is still not convinced, and he says "Boo would be a hero for saving his kids, but the sheriff tells him, Boo has not left his house in 15 years, all the attention would do an introvert like him no good." Scout tells Atticus that giving Boo the attention would be like killing a mockingbird, Atticus understands what she says and goes with the sheriff’s story. Boo whispers to Scout if she can take him home, because he's afraid of the dark and she agrees. She realises that Boo is still much like a child, she wonders about the times where she, Jem, and Dill tried to make Boo come out, and what he thought of watching them. When she gets back home, she asks Atticus if there are good people in the world, and Atticus tells her that most people are.



Abby and Brittany Hensel

Abigail Loraine Hensel and Brittany Lee Hensel (born March 7, 1990 in Minnesota, United States) are conjoined twins with mostly one body and two heads. They are joined at the pelvis and each one controls one side of their body, which means they have to do things together. Brittany is on the left, and Abigail is on the right. They have two spines that join at the pelvis. They have two stomachs and four lungs, and at birth they had a third arm in between their heads. The third arm was not properly developed, so it was removed.

They currently star in their own reality series on TLC.


52 BC

Year 52 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Pompeius and Scipio (or, less frequently, year 702 "Ab urbe condita"). This year has been called 52 BC since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the most common method in Europe for naming years.


Cape Town

Cape Town is the second biggest city of South Africa. It is also home to the South African Parliament where the country's representatives assemble.

It is at the Cape of Good Hope on the south-west coast. It has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate.

The city's dominant natural feature is Table Mountain, a mountain with a flat top.

It was originally called the "Cape of Storms" by Bartolomeu Dias in 1486, a Portuguese explorer but was changed by King John II of Portugal to "Cape of Good Hope". The town was started as the center of the Dutch Cape Colony in 1652.

Hard and soft drugs

Drugs act on the nervous system, such as the brain, and impact a person's mental state may be loosely and informally classified into categories. The following categories are not fully agreed upon globally:


Most addictive drugs like nicotine, alcohol, and cocaine affect the brain’s “reward” circuit, which is part of the limbic system. This area of the brain affects instinct and mood. Drugs target this system, which causes large amounts of dopamine—a brain chemical that helps regulate emotions, feelings of pleasure, and motivation to execute tasks—to flood the brain. This flood of dopamine is what causes a “high” in some drugs, and is generally the main cause of drug addiction.

Although initial drug use may be voluntary, drugs can alter brain chemistry. This can change how the brain performs and interfere with the way that we make choices. Using drugs with a high danger of physical dependency (which most hard drugs fall into) can lead to cravings, compulsive and habitual usage. Over time, this behavior can turn into a substance dependency or addiction.

Hard drugs can negatively impact almost every organ in the human body: 


Legal penalties for hard drugs are usually, but not always, harsher than for soft drugs. Opioid trading and trafficking are treated seriously by the law in many countries due to the potential harm caused by this hard drug. In contrast, cannabis, generally considered to be a soft drug, is increasingly tolerated in western countries. Especially beginning in the early 2000s, legislation has been passed to legalize the usage of marijuana for medical, cultural, and recreational purposes, however there are significant differences in the legality of cannabis between different countries and municipalities. Generally the medical use of cannabis is allowed in many more countries.

The law is also different for alcohol. Generally considered a hard drug, alcohol is sold widely in the western world though it was briefly made illegal in Finland in 1919 and in the United States in 1920 during what was called prohibition. In many Muslim countries there are laws regulating, heavily restricting, or even outright banning the selling and drinking of alcohol, especially in public.


Tehran

Tehran (Persian: تهران), is the capital of Iran and the center of Tehran Province.
The origin of the name Tehran is unknown. The word Tehran means "warm mountain slope". Tehran is at the foot of the Alborz mountain range.

Tehran is the 32nd National Capital of Iran. It is the largest city in the Middle East & Western Asia. It is the 16th most populated city in the world. It has about 8 million people. Tehran has 4 counties: Tehran, Shemiranat, Rey & Islamshahr. Tehran has a large network of highways.

Tehran was well known as a village in the 9th century, but was less well-known than the city of Rhages (Ray). Tehran today, replaces Ray, the ancient capital of Iran destroyed by the Mongols in 1220 A.D., the ruins of which can be seen 6 km south of Tehran. In 1869/70 A.D., Tehran acquired considerable prestige and was enclosed in an 8 km rampart which had 12 gates.

During the Safavid period, Shah Safi created a military base in Tehran, and had two great towers erected therein, which became known as "Ghaleh Meydan" and "Ghaleh Hessa". "Karim Khan Zand" lived in Tehran. for 4 years. In the early 18th century, "Karim Khan Zand", ordered a palace, and a government office to be built in Tehran. Later he moved his government capital to Shiraz.

Tehran became the capital of Iran, in 1795, when Agha Mohammad Khan, became King. It is still the capital. During the reign of Agha Mohammad khan, the government headquarters were built north of "Emam_zade Zayd". Agha Mohammad Khan became King of Iran in "Khalvat Karimkhani Palace" in Tehran. During the reign of Fath Ali Shah, the soltani mosque, the Abbas_abad bazaar, and the Ilchi garden (the site of today`s Russian embassy) were added. Nasser_e_din_Shah changed the palace from center of Tehran to Sadabad. He changed the view of Tehran from a town to a modern capital.

In the Russia Embassy in Iran, the "Tehran Conference" was held. The Tehran Conference (codenamed "Eureka") was the meeting of Joseph Stalin, Franklin D. Roosevelt and Winston Churchill between November 28 and December 1, 1943. Most of it was held at the Soviet Embassy in Tehran, Iran. It was the first World War II conference amongst the Big Three (the Soviet Union, the United States, and the United Kingdom) where Stalin was present. The aim of the Tehran conference was to plan the final strategy for the war against Nazi Germany and its allies. The discussion was mostly about the opening of a second front in Western Europe.

During 1980–88, Tehran was attacked by scud missiles and air strikes. After the Islamic Revolution in Iran and during war between Iran and Iraq, many people left Tehran. In recent years, many professional people who lived in Tehran, left Iran for freedom and a better life in other countries. Traffic, crime, drugs and lack of freedom in Tehran, are most important reasons.


Tehran is the center of most Iranian industries and services. Modern industries of this city include the making of automobiles, electronics, weaponry, textiles, sugar, cement, and chemicals. Tehran is also a leading center for the sale of carpets and furniture.

Tehran has a semi-arid (steppe) climate (BSh in the Köppen climate classification). Summers are hot and dry; winters are cold with moderate precipitation, which also falls as snow. Spring and autumn are mild with moderate rainfall.
The highest recorded temperature is 43 °C (109 °F) and the record low is −20 °C (−4 °F).

In this vast city, many historic sites can be admired, the most famous of which are the palaces of Sadabad, Niavaran, Sahebqaranyyeh and Golestan, the mosque of Seyyed Azizollah, the great Bazar of Tehran and many museums, such as Reza Abbasi museum, the carpet museum of Iran, Abguineh (glass and ceramics) museum, the Azadi museum, etc. Tehran has 740 parks.

Leisure and sport resorts around Tehran include Abali, Dizin, Gajereh and Shemshak ski stations, the dam water ski station and the slopes of Darband and Shemiran.

Philadelphia

Philadelphia, colloquially Philly, is the 6th most populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.

The population of the city was 1,603,797 people in 2020. Philadelphia was the capital of the United States from 1790 to 1800. It was replaced by Washington, D.C. in 1800 after the White House was built.

Philadelphia has many tourist attractions. These include the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, and Christ Church.

Before Europeans came to the area, Philadelphia was home to the Lenape people. The first Europeans to come were the Dutch. They built towns and a fort in the area. The English took over the city in 1664. In 1681, Charles II of England gave a large piece of land to William Penn. It was given to him to pay back some money that was owed to Penn's father. Penn had a dream of a land where people would be free to live and work no matter what religion they believed. He built a city in the new land called Philadelphia.

Soon Philadelphia was the largest city in North America. The first library and hospital in the country were built in Philadelphia. Many ships sailed in and out of the port of the city. People came to the city to buy and sell many types of things.

One of the most famous people in Philadelphia was Benjamin Franklin. He started a newspaper and invented many things, such as bifocal glasses. Franklin started a library that was free for everyone to use. He also started a free hospital. He helped to write the Declaration of Independence and the United States Constitution.

In 1774, the Continental Congress met in Philadelphia to talk about their disputes with the United Kingdom. The British were not happy about this and soon the American Revolutionary War began. In 1776, the Americans again met in Philadelphia to sign the "Declaration of Independence".

In 1777, George Washington lost the Battle of Germantown and Philadelphia was occupied by British troops. They left in 1778. After the war was won, a Constitutional Convention met in Philadelphia in 1787 to write the United States Constitution. It lists the most important laws of the United States.

Philadelphia is in the state of Pennsylvania. It is on the west bank of the Delaware River. New Jersey is on the other side of the river. Another large river, the Schuylkill, flows into the Delaware River at Philadelphia. The city has only a few small hills. Most of it is flat. Philadelphia normally has hot summers and cold winters.
William Penn planned the city in the 17th century. The roads of the city are formed in a grid between the Delaware and Schuylkill rivers. The roads run north–south and west–east. Streets were spread out to prevent fires.

Parks were a part of the original plan. There were five parks in the center city. They are Centre Square (Penn Square),Northeast Square (Franklin Square), Southeast Square (Washington Square), Southwest Square (Rittenhouse Square), and Northwest Square (Logan Circle/Square). 

The city includes six major sections surrounding Center City. They are North, Northeast, Northwest, South, Southwest, and West. The City Planning Commission is in charge of growth and development. The largest landlord is the Philadelphia Housing Authority (PHA). Some boundaries between regions, boroughs and districts are not clear. There are 18 districts in the city.

This is where the skyscrapers are located. Center City is the second most densely populated downtown area in the United States, after Manhattan, New York. It includes the historic part of town, museums, a theatre district, retailers, office buildings and tourist attractions. Parts of Center City, include Penn's Landing, Old City, Society Hill, South Street, Washington Square West, Market East, Chinatown, Logan Square, the Museum District, Rittenhouse Square, Fitler Square, Jewelers' Row and Avenue of the Arts. Old City is near the Delaware River and includes historic sites like Independence Hall. There were 193,000 inhabitants in 2018.

The region holds a diverse working-class population. It is between the Schuylkill and Delaware Rivers. The large sports stadiums are located here. They are Citizens Bank Park, Lincoln Financial Field and Wells Fargo Center. They form the South Philadelphia Sports Complex. The famous Geno's Steaks and Pat's King of Steaks is here. The FDR Park is just north of the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard. There is also a vibrant Italian community with an Italian Market. South Philadelphia is also where the movie "Rocky" (1976) was filmed. The Walt Whitman Bridge connects to New Jersey in the east. The population was 168,782 in 2010.

This area is south of West Philadelphia and north of the Delaware River. The Philadelphia International Airport and residential areas are located here. There are various industries and oil refineries here and in South Philadelphia. Iconic places are Bartram’s Garden, John Heinz National Wildlife Refuge, the National Historic Landmark Fort Mifflin and Simeone Foundation Automotive Museum. The population was 123,829 in 2010.  

The region is mostly residential. It is between Cobbs Creek and the Schuylkill River. The eastern part is University City. This includes the University of Pennsylvania, Drexel University and University of the Sciences in Philadelphia. Saint Joseph's University is in the northwest part of the region. Fairmount Park and the Philadelphia Museum of Art are located in West Philadelphia. The Please Touch Museum, Philadelphia Zoo, Memorial Hall and the Mann Center for the Performing Arts are in the Centennial District. The population in 2010 was 216,433.

This region includes Germantown, Chestnut Hill, Roxborough and Manayunk. Germantown is an important historical neighborhood with the Colonial Germantown Historic District. It is the birthplace of the American antislavery movement and was an important site during the American Revolution. There are several colonial homes and battle re-enactments. The Wissahickon Valley Park is here. Other sites are the Morris Arboretum of the University of Pennsylvania, Woodmere Art Museum and Awbury Arboretum. In 2010, the population was about 170,000.

This region is between the Northwest and Northeast regions. It is south of Cheltenham Township and north of Center City. It is residential with scattered industries. It includes Lower North and Upper North Philadelphia and Olney, Oak Lane. Temple University is found here. A well-known street is Broad Street. It starts in and cuts across North Philadelphia and travels down to Center City. The Eastern State Penitentiary is to the west. There are many historic homes like the Edgar Allen Poe House. Museums are the Wagner Free Institute of Science and the Philadelphia Doll Museum. There are historic churches. Northern Liberties and Fishtown are growing communities and centers for artists. Northern Liberties is home to the annual 2nd Street Festival. The population in 2010 was 240,781.

The region is home to a large working-class population. It includes the Far and Near Northeast, and Kensington. There are several parks, such as Benjamin Rush State Park and Pennypack Park and large malls such as Philadelphia Mills. There are many diverse ethnic groups. There is the Northeast Philadelphia Airport. The Philadelphia Insectarium and Butterfly Pavilion is a science museum. The region is highly populated. There were about 528,810 residents in 2010.

The architecture of the city is very diverse. It is both modern and historic. It includes Georgian architecture, Federal-style, Palladian structure, Victorian-style, Greek Revival, Gothic, Italianate Second-Empire Style and International Style. The diverse buildings show the rich history of the city. The Philadelphia Historical Commission was formed in 1955. It preserves historical buildings. The Philadelphia Register of Historic Places includes historic buildings. The tallest building is the Comcast Technology Center. For a long time, City Hall was the tallest building. Notable architects who built in Philadelphia include William Strickland, John Haviland, Thomas U. Walter, Frank Furness, Napoleon Leburn, Julian Abele, Rafael Viñoly, César Pelli, Robert A. M. Stern, Louis Kahn and Robert Venturi.

Philadelphia was the first major city in North America to introduce row houses. A row house is made of homes connected with a shared sidewall. In other areas, similar buildings were originally called "Philadelphian rows". Many homes in Philadelphia are row houses.
There are about of parks in Philadelphia. Notable parks in the city center are Logan Square, Franklin Square, JFK Plaza, Washington Square and Rittenhouse Square. Surrounding parks are Fairmount Park, Wissahickon Valley Park, Pennypack Park and Cobbs Creek Park. Fairmount is the largest park. Wissahickon the second largest. Fairmount Park is along both sides of the Schuylkill River. It includes the Philadelphia Zoo, Fairmount Water Works, Boathouse Row, Please Touch Museum, Centennial Arboretum and the Shofuso Japanese House and Garden.

Under the Köppen climate classification, Philadelphia is in a humid subtropical climate zone. Summers are humid and hot. Fall and spring are mild. Winters can range from moderate to cold. Snowfall is very variable. Some years there is only a small amount of snow. In other years there are large snowstorms. The average yearly snowfall is . The annual average precipitation is . There is precipitation throughout the year. Temperatures can range from to .

A 2017-2019 report showed that Philadelphia is among the top 25 cities with the most air pollution. Philadelphia has significant particulate matter and ozone. This is due to the burning of fossil fuels. Another cause is high concentration of automobiles along I-95.

The population of Philadelphia was about 560,000 in 1860 and 1,000,000 in 1890. The highest population in Philadelphia was in 1950, with about 2,071,605 people recorded. The population decreased from 1950 to 2000. The population has been gradually increasing since 2010.  Between 2006 and 2017, there were 92,153 new residents. In 2022, the city had the following racial composition: 41.3% Black (non-Hispanic), 39.33% White (non-Hispanic), 14.1% Hispanic or Latino, 7.1% Asian, 0.4% Native American, 0.05% Pacific Islander, and 2.8% multiracial. The largest European ancestry groups were Irish (13.6%), Italian (9.2%), German (8.1%), Polish (4.3%) and English (2.9%) in 2010.

There are public and private schools in Philadelphia. The School District of Philadelphia is for public schools. There were 218 public schools and 86 charter schools in 2014. More students are going to charter schools. Several public schools have closed. Graduation rates were 65% in 2014. They have been increasing but below average. The city spends about $12,000 per student.  

There are many colleges and students in Philadelphia. It is a city with a high concentration of students. There are more than 80 colleges, universities, and trade schools. There are about over 420,000 students in total.

The top schools are The University of Pennsylvania, Temple University, Drexel University, and Thomas Jefferson University. The University of Pennsylvania is an Ivy League school and one of the oldest universities. The University City District is west of the Schuylkill River and includes the University of Pennsylvania and Drexel University. Notable schools around the Philadelphia area are Swarthmore College, Bryn Mawr College, Haverford College and Villanova University. In center city, the Curtis Institute of Music is one of the top music schools in the country.

There are five schools of Medicine: Drexel University College of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine, Temple University School of Medicine, and Thomas Jefferson University's Sidney Kimmel Medical College. Other institutions in Philadelphia include: University of the Sciences in Philadelphia, Saint Joseph's University, Philadelphia University, Holy Family University, Moore College of Art and Design, Peirce College, Chestnut Hill College, Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, The University of the Arts and La Salle University.

Philadelphia's cultural history goes back to the Lenape Native Americans and later the Quakers and Mennonites. The city is culturally important for its rich history but is notable for many other things. The city has been influential in music, art, television, architecture, and food.

There are many large annual events. The famous Mummers Parade celebrates the New Year. Made in America Festival is a large music festival with dozens of artists on Labour Day weekend. It is along the Benjamin Franklin Parkway. The week of Independence Day is called the Wawa Welcome America Festival. There are many festivities, concerts, and discounts. It includes Wawa Hoagie Day, POPS on Independence, Party on the Parkway, and Free Museums Day. 6abc Dunkin' Thanksgiving Day Parade is another famous parade. It is the oldest Thanksgiving Parade in the U.S. Other events are the Philadelphia Flower Show, Philadelphia Auto Show, Philly Home Show, The Philadelphia Show, Roots Picnic at the Mann Center, Green Screen: Philadelphia Environmental Film Festival, Longwood Gardens Festival of Fountains, Philly Beer Week, Fringe Festival, DesignPhiladelphia Festival, Philadelphia Film Festival, Army-Navy Game and others.

Philadelphia has diverse people groups that make up the city's communities and many immigrants. Many specific events reflect the rich diversity of the people of the city. These include the Lunar New Year Parade and Celebrations in Chinatown, Philadelphia St. Patrick's Day Parade, Shofuso Cherry Blossom Festival, The South 9th Street Italian Market Festival, Philadelphia Latino Film Festival, Prideday, Odunde Festival, Philadelphia Juneteenth Parade & Festival, OutFest, Ciao Philadelphia and others.

The city includes important places that hold historical documents and records and further learning and research. The Library Company of Philadelphia was established by Benjamin Franklin. Franklin also founded the American Philosophical Society. It is "the oldest learned society in the United States." Parkway Central Library is one of the Free Library of Philadelphia libraries. It has a unique Rare Books Department. There are original items by Charles Dickens and Edgar Allen Poe. Athenaeum of Philadelphia holds American historical documents. It was founded in 1814. The Presbyterian Historical Society is the oldest church denomination historical society. The German Society of Pennsylvania is the oldest German-culture organization in the country. It has a special library collection. College of Physicians of Philadelphia’s Historical Medical Library is from 1788. The Philosophical Society building, Athenaeum and College of Physicians are all National Historic Landmarks.

There are several art museums in Philadelphia. Philadelphia has a large art museum, the Philadelphia Museum of Art. It is located at the end of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway at Eakins Oval. The Museum district is along the Benjamin Franklin Parkway. The city also has some smaller art museums, such as the Academy of Fine Arts and the Barnes Foundation. The Rodin Museum has a large collection of sculptures by Auguste Rodin.

The Avenue of the Arts is in Center City on Broad Street. It is a center for arts and culture and is a cultural district. The Kimmel Center for Performing Arts and Academy of Music are found there. There are several theaters. Examples include the Merriam Theater, Wilma Theater, Liacouras Center, and Suzanne Roberts Theatre. The Philadelphia Theater Company is at the Suzanne Roberts Theatre.

There are over dozens of other theatres in Philadelphia. The Walnut Street Theater is a National Historic Landmark. It is the oldest theater in the United States. The Lantern Theater Company is at St. Stephen's Episcopal Church. Other notable theaters are the Arden Theatre Company, Forrest Theatre, EgoPo Classic Theater, Plays and Players Theater, The Sedgwick Theater, and Pearl Theatre.

Philadelphia is the city in America with the most public art. The Association for Public Art was founded in Philadelphia in 1872. There are many historical statues and monuments. There are also modern pieces of work. The LOVE Sculpture is at the JFK Plaza. The city also has the most murals in America. These are artworks on the walls of buildings. The city has a Mural Arts Program that supports mural artwork. The program hires professionals and educates young people in mural painting.

Philadelphia is famous for classical music. The Philadelphia Orchestra is one of the top five orchestras in the country. The orchestra performs at the Kimmel Center for Performing Arts and in the summer at the Mann Center for Performing Arts. The Academy of Music is a historic concert hall and opera house. The academy is also home to the Philadelphia Ballet. It is one of the largest ballet companies in the country. The Curtis Institute of Music is a world-class music school. It has produced many notable musicians. Composer Samuel Barber and violinist Sarah Chang were born in Philadelphia.

The city is also known for R&B, jazz, and soul. Philadelphia is the hometown of notable Jazz musicians. They include Billie Holiday, John Coltrane, Dizzie Gillespie, and Ethel Waters. Philly soul music is from the 1960s and 1970s. It influenced disco and R&B. The Philly Pops perform popular jazz, blues, swing, and Broadway.

Philadelphia is influential in other popular music genres. American singers born in Philadelphia include Frankie Avalon, James Darren, Eddie Fisher, Fabian Forte, Bobby Rydell, and Chubby Checker. Notable rock and pop musicians from the Philadelphia area are Bill Haley & His Comets, Todd Rundgren and Nazz, Hall & Oates, The Hooters, Ween, Cinderella, and Pink. Dick Clark hosted the TV program American Bandstand in the 1950s. Hip hop artists include The Roots, DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince, Lil Uzi Vert, Beanie Sigel. Rap artists are State Property, Schoolly D, Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes, and Meek Mill.

Philadelphia has a rich history with many historic sites. The city has a total of 67 National Historic Landmarks Many are located in Center City in the historic part of town. Independence National Historic Park is in the oldest part of Philadelphia. It is an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Most of the buildings from the time when American was fighting for its freedom are there. Independence Hall is where the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States were written. Nearby is a building where the Liberty Bell is kept. In the same neighborhood, many houses are from the days of the American Revolution. Elfreth's Alley is one of the oldest streets in the United States. Christ Church is the church where many famous early Americans worshipped. Other two early government buildings are the First and the Second Bank of the United States.

There are many historic homes in North Philadelphia. John Coltrane House was the home of the jazz performer John Coltrane. The influential 19th-century realist painter Thomas Eakins lived in the Thomas Eakins House. James Logan Home is a colonial house. Charles Wilson Peale House was the home of the American painter, soldier, scientist, and inventor Charles Peale. Edgar Allen Poe House was the residence of the famous writer and poet Edgar Allen Poe. The African American artist Henry O. Tanner lived at the Henry O. Tanner Homesite. All of these sites are National Historic Landmarks.

Germantown in Northwest Philly has a rich history and notable sites. The Colonial Germantown Historic District is in Germantown and Mt. Airy along Germantown Avenue. There are many historical buildings from colonial times and the Revolutionary period. The Cliveden House was the site of the famous Battle of Germantown (1777) during the Revolutionary War. It is a National Historic Landmark along with the Wyck House. This house was used as a field hospital during the Battle of Germantown. Germantown was also important for the antislavery movement. The 1688 Germantown Quaker Petition Against Slavery was the first protest against the enslavement of Africans. The John Johnson House was part of the Underground Railroad to free slaves and is also a Naitonal Historic Landmark.  

The majority of the museums are in Center City. The Franklin Institute is a science museum named after Benjamin Franklin. It contains the Benjamin Franklin National Memorial. The Academy of Natural Sciences has collections of life, rocks and minerals. The Mütter Museum is a medical museum. There is also the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology in West Philadelphia . There are several history museums. They are the National Constitution Center, the Museum of the American Revolution, the Philadelphia History Museum, the National Museum of American Jewish History, the African American Museum in Philadelphia, the Historical Society of Pennsylvania, the Masonic Library and Museum of Pennsylvania in the Masonic Temple, and the Eastern State Penitentiary.

There are foods particular to Philadelphia. They are cheesesteak, hoagies, stromboli, roast pork sandwich, scrapple, soft pretzels, water ice, Irish potato candy and tastykakes. The cheesesteak was founded in Philadelphia. Many places serve cheesesteaks. Two historical ones are Pat's King of Steaks and Geno's Steaks.

The city has historic eating places. McGillin's Olde Ale House is from 1860. The City Tavern serves historical food from the Revolutionary era. It is a replica of a tavern from the 18th century, where many of the Founding Fathers ate. The Reading Terminal Market is a food market from 1893.

Philadelphia is home to several professional sports teams. The main ones include the Philadelphia Phillies in baseball, the Philadelphia 76ers in basketball, the Philadelphia Eagles in football, the Philadelphia Flyers in ice hockey, and the Philadelphia Union in soccer. The oldest team are the Phillies. For several decades, many of the teams did not win a single championship. The Phillies won the World Series in 2008 and the Eagles only won the Super Bowl in the 2017 season. ESPN has ranked Philadelphia as a city with one of the most "tortured fans".

There are annnual running events in the city. Examples are the Penn Relays (track and field), the Philadelphia Marathon, and the Broad Street Run.

Rowing is important in Philadelphia. The Boathouse Row symbolizes rowing. There are many college and high school competitions on the Schuylkill River. The Philadelphia Big 5 participate in the rowing. They are University of Pennsylvania, La Salle University, Saint Joseph's University, Temple University, and Villanova University. The Dad Vail Regatta is each year in May, Independence Dragon Boat Regatta each year in June and Philadelphia International Dragon Boat Festival in October.

Along with other cities, Philadelphia will host the FIFA World Cup in 2026.  
Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (SEPTA) serves Philadelphia. It includes buses, trains, subways, and trolleys. The two subway lines are Market-Frankford Line and Broad Street Line. Broad Street line heads north and south, and Market-Frankford Line heads mainly west and east. SEPTA Regional Rail connects the city to the suburbs. The main railway station is 30th Street Station. There were 4.4 million passengers in 2017. It is the third busiest station in the country. The station connects trains from SEPTA, Amtrack, and NJ Transit. The PATCO Speedline connects the city with parts of New Jersey.

Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) is a busy airport with domestic and international flights. There are more than 30 million passengers on 25 different airlines each year. Airplanes go to over 120 destinations. The Airport Line of the SEPTA Regional Rail connects the city to the airport. Another airport is the Northeast Philadelphia Airport (PNE).

An important highway is Interstate-95. It travels along the eastern and southern edges of the cities and connects Philadelphia to Newark, NJ, New York City, Baltimore, and Washington D. C. Interstate 76 runs along the Schuylkill River and intersects with the Pennsylvania Turnpike. The Pennsylvania Turnpike goes west and connects to Harrisburg and Pittsburgh. Interstate 676 (the Vine Street Expressway) links I-76 and I-95 through Center City.

There are also regional roads. Roosevelt Boulevard is in North and Northeast Philadelphia and connects those regions with Center City. Broad Street is in North Philadelphia and connects to Center City. Fort Washington Expressway (Route 309) connects North Philadelphia to Montgomery and Bucks counties. U.S. Route 30 (Lancaster Avenue) connects West Philadelphia to Lancaster in the west. Interstate 476 (also known as the Blue Route) goes across Delaware County and is for the western suburbs and goes to the Poconos.  Interstate 276 connects to New Jersey Turnkpike and New York City.

There are four major bridges from Phladelphia to New Jersey. They are runned by the Delaware River Port Authority. They include  Walt Whitman Bridge (I-76), the Benjamin Franklin Bridge (I-676 and U.S. 30) the Betsy Ross Bridge(New Jersey Route 90), and the Commodore Barry Bridge (U.S. 322 in Delaware County).

Philadelphia has bus services for Greyhound Lines, Fullington Trailways, Martz Trailways, Peter Pan Bus Lines, NJ Transit buses. and Megabus.

The steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art are famous because the film "Rocky" (1976) was shot there. They are called the Rocky Steps. In the movie, Rocky runs up these steps. There is a statue of Rocky next to the museum. The two sites are popular tourist attractions. "Rocky II" (1979) and parts of "Rocky III" (1982), "Rocky IV" (1985) and "Rocky V" (1990) were also filmed in Philadelphia. "The Sixth Sense" (1999) by M. Night Shyamalan was filmed in Philadelphia at St. Augustine's Church and other locations. M. Night Shyamalan filmed all his movies in Philadelphia. The movie "Silver Linings Playbook" (2012) takes place in Philadelphia and stars Bradley Cooper from Philadelphia. "High Society" (1956) is a remake of "The Philadelphia Story" (1940) and stars the Philadelphian-born Grace Kelly.

Other films shot in Philadelphia include "The Blob" (1958), "Invincible" (1976), "Blow Out" (1981), "Trading Places" (1983), "Mannequin" (1987), "The Age of Innocence" (1993), "Philadelphia" (1993), "Twelve Monkeys" (1995), "Unbreakable" (2000), "Signs" (2002), "National Treasure" (2004), "Lady in the Water" (2006), "In Her Shoes" (2005), "Baby Mama" (2008), "The Happening" (2008), "Marley and Me" (2008), "Law Abiding Citizen" (2009), "Transformer 2: Revenge of the Fallen" (2009) "Creed" (2015), "Split" (2017), "Glass" (2019), "Shazam!" (2019), "The Upside" (2019), "Concrete Cowboy" (2021).

Several TV shows take place in Philadelphia. Examples are "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" (2005-2013), "How to Get Away With Murder" (2014-2020), "The Goldbergs" (2013-2021), "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" (1990-1996), "Cold Case" (2003-2010) and others. "American Bandstand" (1952-1989) was a music-performance TV show that was filmed in West Philadelphia.

Several books take place in Philadelphia. A few include "Third and Indiana" by Steve Lopez, "Fever, 1793" by Laurie Halse Andersen, "Plum Bun: A Novel Without a Moral" by Jesse Redmon Fauset, "Birdy" by William Wharton, and "Philadelphia Fire" by John Edgar Wideman, among others.



The Clash

The Clash were an English punk rock band formed in London in 1976. Their lead singer was Joe Strummer (1952-2002). The group was one of the most popular punk bands in England in the mid-1970s.

Although The Clash are known as an early punk rock band, they were willing to experiment with different styles, which they added to their music. Some of these styles were ska, reggae, and funk. Lyrics in their songs often dealt with political issues or stories in the news.

In 2003, the band entered the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. In 2004, "Rolling Stone" made a list of the Top 500 Rock Songs of All Time, and "London Calling", a song by The Clash, was listed as song No. 15 on the list. No song by a punk rock band was higher on the list.



Red Hot Chili Peppers

Red Hot Chili Peppers are an American rock band. The band started in 1982 in Los Angeles, California. The state of California has been a theme in many of their songs. The members of the band are singer Anthony Kiedis, bass guitarist Flea, guitarist John Frusciante, and drummer Chad Smith.

The Red Hot Chili Peppers have released thirteen studio albums. Their early albums were a mix of rock and funk, and were not very successful. The band's membership changed several times during this period, but Kiedis and Flea have been with the band since it started. When Frusciante and Smith joined in 1989, Red Hot Chili Peppers' next album, "Mother's Milk", was successful. It was the band's first album to appear on the "Billboard" music chart. While Red Hot Chili Peppers were on tour in 1992 after their fifth and most successful album, "Blood Sugar Sex Magik", Frusciante left the band because of a drug addiction.

Dave Navarro became the new guitarist after Frusciante. Navarro and the other members of Red Hot Chili Peppers did not work together very well. The other members asked Navarro to leave the band in 1998, after one album, called "One Hot Minute". At this time, Frusciante had been making albums by himself. He was also suffering from a heroin addiction. When he was feeling better, Flea asked him to join Red Hot Chili Peppers again and Frusciante said yes. The band's next album, "Californication" (1999), was one of their most popular so far. Red Hot Chili Peppers kept recording and released another album soon afterwards. In 2002, they released "By the Way", which was also successful. After this, the band went on a concert tour around the world. While they were doing so they released a "best of" album. After the tour, the band recorded and released the album "Stadium Arcadium" in 2006, which had twenty-eight songs on it. After the tour of this album, the band did not make music for some time, because Frusciante left the band to focus on his music again. The band went out to find a new guitarist. Josh Klinghoffer joined the band. In 2011, they produced an album named "I'm With You", and another album called "The Getaway". Frusciante has since rejoined the group replacing Klinghoffer as the guitarist. The band has made more music since then.

The band was started in 1982 for a single performance. They were so popular that they were asked to come back again the next week. The first members of the band were Anthony Kiedis (singer), Flea (bass), Hillel Slovak (guitar), and Jack Irons (drums). They all knew each other from Fairfax High School in Los Angeles.

After becoming popular in Los Angeles, Red Hot Chili Peppers got a recording contract with record label EMI. Irons and Slovak thought Red Hot Chili Peppers was a side project. They left just before the first album to work more on their original band, "What Is This?". Kiedis and Flea did not think their band was a side project, and decided to look for new members. They hired guitarist Jack Sherman and drummer Cliff Martinez. Andy Gill, usually a guitarist, was hired to be a producer for the band's first album.

Their first album was called "The Red Hot Chili Peppers". It did not sell many copies, but it got the band a small number of dedicated fans. Critics such as Robert Christgau liked the album, but the tour that came after it did not do well. Sherman was fired by the band after the tour, and Slovak came back to replace him.

Red Hot Chili Peppers hired George Clinton to produce their second album, "Freaky Styley". They released the album in 1985. It was only a little bit more successful than the one before it. After the album, Martinez was fired from the band. After firing him, Kiedis said he thought that Martinez had wanted to leave. Red Hot Chili Peppers hired another drummer, Chuck Biscuits, but Irons came back to replace him. The band began work with producer Michael Beinhorn on a new album.

The album "The Uplift Mofo Party Plan" was released in 1987. It was the band's most successful so far. The album entered the "Billboard" 200 chart, but only at number 148. During this time, Kiedis and Slovak had problems with drugs. Slovak died on June 25, 1988. Because of this, Irons left the band. He said that he did not want to be part of a band where his friends were dying. Kiedis and Flea agreed to keep going with the band.

After Slovak died and Irons left the band, D. H. Peligro (from the band Dead Kennedys) and DeWayne "Blackbyrd" McKnight joined Red Hot Chili Peppers. Neither of these two worked very well with the band, so they were replaced. Peligro told a friend of his, John Frusciante, to audition to join the band. His audition went well and he joined as a guitarist. A friend of the band then told them about Chad Smith. Smith had a very good audition and joined. During the recording of their next album, Frusciante argued with Michael Beinhorn, the producer. Beinhorn wanted Frusciante to play his guitar very loud, similar to heavy metal music, but Frusciante did not like this style.

Red Hot Chili Peppers' next album, "Mother's Milk", became very successful. It sold well and songs from it played often on the radio. It also appeared on MTV, because the band did a popular cover of Stevie Wonder's song "Higher Ground". The album reached number 52 on the "Billboard" 200 chart, and was certified "gold" by the RIAA.

After "Mother's Milk", Red Hot Chili Peppers changed their record label to Warner Music. The band chose to work with Rick Rubin as their next producer. Rubin thought they needed to work outside a studio. They recorded their next album in Rubin's mansion. Smith did not stay in the mansion because he thought it was a haunted house. The rest of the band did not leave the house for a month.

The name of the new album, "Blood Sugar Sex Magik", was taken from the tenth song on the album. Rubin chose the name because the band could not agree on a title. He chose the name because he thought "Blood Sugar Sex Magik" was the best song on the album. The first single from the album, "Give It Away", won a Grammy Award for "Best Hard Rock Performance". It was the band's first Grammy Award. "Give It Away" did well on the music charts. It was the band's first song to go to number one on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart. The second single, "Under the Bridge", was the band's most successful song; it charted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart at number two. The other singles from the album also did well.

The band's success made life difficult for Frusciante, who also had a drug addiction. He quit the band while they were on tour in May 1992. He was replaced by Arik Marshall. Marshal was later replaced by Jesse Tobias. The band played at the Lollapalooza festival in 1992. They also appeared on an episode of "The Simpsons". Neither of the band's new members stayed for long. Tobias was replaced in 1993 by Dave Navarro, from the band Jane's Addiction.

Dave Navarro first appeared with the band at the 1994 Woodstock Festival. They found it hard to work with him. Flea said it was because of "the fact that we grew up listening to different music". Red Hot Chili Peppers spent three months in Hawaii making a new album, and "One Hot Minute" was released in 1995. Its content was sadder than the band's earlier albums. It also sounded more similar to hard rock than the band's earlier work.

During this time, Kiedis had trouble with heroin again. Navarro also took drugs. At one practice session with the band, he fell over his amplifier because he was over-excited because he had taken too many drugs—he was "high". Because of this, the band asked Navarro to leave. They told the media it was "mutual" because the band members disagreed on the music they liked to make.

After leaving Red Hot Chili Peppers, Frusciante made some albums by himself. He was also addicted to heroin. He was so addicted that he was close to poverty and death at times. Frusciante went into a clinic for therapy. His life slowly improved. In April 1998, Flea asked Frusciante to join the band again. The rest of the band was happy to see him return. Kiedis called it the "defining moment" of the band's career so far.
The band was happy to have Frusciante rejoin, but it was a while before they began making songs again. This was because he had sold all of his guitars for money to buy drugs. It also took him a while to get used to playing music as part of a band again. The band released their seventh album, "Californication", in 1999. It had fewer songs based on rap and funk than their previous albums. The album focused more on melodic guitar riffs. "Californication" was very popular. It sold over 15 million copies. Three of the singles on the album, "Scar Tissue", "Otherside", and "Californication", reached number one on the Modern Rock Tracks chart.

After touring in Spring 2001, Red Hot Chili Peppers began recording a new album. The band worked with Rubin again. They recorded in band members' homes. Frusciante did a lot more work on recording the new album, "By the Way", than he had done on "Californication". "By the Way" was released in 2002. It was the best seller of any album by the band so far. It sold over one million copies in the first week in which it could be bought. The album was rated very highly on charts. Some people thought that the music on "By the Way" was similar to the music on "Californication". A review by "Blender" magazine called it "Californication 2, a reprise of their last album". However, "Entertainment Weekly" said "By the Way" was a lot more serious than "Californication". A review from "Stylus Magazine" said that Red Hot Chili Peppers showed no passion in making the album and that it was "stunningly awful".

In 2003, Red Hot Chili Peppers released a "best of" compilation album called "Greatest Hits". It had songs from the last five albums they released. It also had two new songs. The album got to number 18 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. The band also released two live video albums in 2003 and 2004; "Live at Slane Castle" and "Live in Hyde Park". The Red Hot Chili Peppers concerts at Hyde Park were the most profitable in 2004.

After releasing "By the Way", Red Hot Chili Peppers played concerts around the world for two years. In 2004, the band began recording a new album with Rubin. They first wrote 38 songs for this album. They had planned to release three different albums; one every six months. They later changed their minds and decided to make one album with two discs, and 28 songs in total. The two-disc album was called "Stadium Arcadium". The discs were called "Jupiter" and "Mars".

Red Hot Chili Peppers released "Stadium Arcadium" in 2006. It was their first album to be number one in the United States. It was also number one on two other "Billboard" charts and in 12 other countries. The album won the Grammy Award for "Best Rock Album" in 2006. "Dani California", the first single, won the award for "Best Rock Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocal". The music on "Stadium Arcadium" was more mature than on previous albums, according to Tim Chester from "NME". He said this was because most of the band members had families. He also said, and Brian Hiatt from "Rolling Stone" agreed, that the songs on "Stadium Arcadium" were similar to the band's other work, and were not very original. However, both reviewers said the music was very good. In an Allmusic review, Stephen Thomas Erlewine said Flea and Frusciante did excellent work on the album. He also said that "the string instruments are the reason to listen to "Stadium Arcadium"". Erlewine agreed that the band had not done a lot of new things on the album, but instead did what they were good at.

After the tour of "Stadium Arcadium", the band took a break. During this break, Frusciante decided to leave the band to work on his solo recording. The band chose Josh Klinghoffer to be their new guitarist in 2009 and began working on a new album, called "I'm With You". According to their producer, the band wrote enough songs to make a double album, similar to the previous one, but the band decided not to. Released in 2011, the album received good reviews from critics, who said that the album was very different. The members of the band stated that the album was revolutionary, as it was inspired by types of music such as samba and funk. The critics also praised the new member of the band, saying that it was adequate and that he played a lot of new elements in his guitar that led to a whole new sound for the album.

In December 2014, the band started making their eleventh album. It was not going to be produced by Rick Rubin. It was produced by Danger Mouse. Flea broke his arm while the band was making the album. Because of this, they did not work for many months. On May 5, 2016, the band released a single from the album. It was named "Dark Necessities". The single also had a music video. The album was released in June. It was named "The Getaway". 

"The Getaway" came out at the number two spot on the "Billboard" 200 music chart. Over 100,000 copies of the album were sold in one week. In July 2016, the band released an extended play named the "Live in Paris EP". It was only released on Deezer. After the extended play came out, the band went on a concert tour for "The Getaway". Jack Irons played music with the band during the tour. The tour started in January 2017. During the tour, the band played music at 151 concerts.

The Chili Peppers started a concert tour in February 2019. They played at concerts in Australia for the first time in 12 years. They played a concert at the Pyramids of Giza in Egypt. Few musicians have done this.

On December 15, 2019, the band said that Klinghoffer was leaving. He was going to be replaced by Frusciante. Klinghoffer was not mad, and said it was "John's place to be in [the Chili Peppers]". The band had their last concert with Klinghoffer in November. After leaving the band, Klinghoffer made an album. It was his first solo album. It was named "To Be One With You". Flea and Jack Irons helped make the music on it. Frusciante started playing at concerts with the Chili Peppers in February 2020.

The band's twelfth album was released on April 1, 2022. It was named "Unlimited Love". It went to number one on music charts in ten different countries. It was the band's first album to be number one on the "Billboard" 200 since "Stadium Arcadium". Sirius XM started a Red Hot Chili Peppers radio station. It was named Whole Lotta Red Hot. 

"Return of the Dream Canteen" was released on October 14, 2022. The band made the music on it when they made the music for "Unlimited Love". The album went to the number three spot on the "Billboard" 200.

A dash (—) means it did not appear on the chart.



Oasis (band)

Oasis were an English rock band started in Manchester in 1991. The band came from an earlier group, the Rain, and its first members were Liam Gallagher (lead vocals, tambourine), Paul Arthurs (guitar), Paul McGuigan (bass guitar), and Tony McCarroll (drums). Noel Gallagher (lead guitar, vocals) later joined as a fifth member. While the band were active, they had many different members, though the Gallagher brothers stayed as a part of the band up until their break-up in 2009, which was minutes before they were about to play a concert.


Rush (band)

Rush was a Canadian rock band. They formed in the late 1960s in Toronto. The last and longest members of the group were Geddy Lee, the singer, who also plays the bass guitar and synthesizers, Alex Lifeson, who plays the guitar, and Neil Peart, who played the drums. In 2013 Rush were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.



Roy Hodgson

Roy Hodgson (born 9 August 1947) is an English former football player and manager who is currently manager of Premier League club Crystal Palace. He was recently Manager of Crystal Palace from September 2017 to May 2021 and then twice from March 2023 onwards. He, along with Larry Barilli, are amongst the oldest active managers in football history.

On 23 February 2019, Roy Hodgson became the oldest man to manage a Premier League match, at the age of 71 years and 198 days.

Guinness World Records

Guinness World Records is a reference book published each year. It has a collection of world records, both human achievements and the extremes of the natural world. The book itself holds a world record, as the best-selling copyrighted book series of all time. It is also one of the most often stolen books from public libraries in the United States.

It was known until 2000 as The Guinness Book of Records and in previous U.S. editions as The Guinness Book of World Records.

On 4 May 1951, Sir Hugh Beaver, who then worked for Guinness Brewery, went on a shooting party by the River Slaney in County Wexford, Ireland. He became involved in an argument over which game bird in Europe was the fastest, the koshin golden plover or the grouse. That evening at Castlebridge House, he realised that it was impossible to confirm in reference books whether or not the golden plover was Europe's fastest game bird. Beaver knew that there must be many other questions debated nightly in pubs throughout Ireland, but there was no book in the world to settle arguments about records. He realised then that a book with the answers to this sort of question might prove popular.

Norris and Ross McWhirter were asked to put the book together. They ran a fact-finding agency in London. In August 1954 the first book was made. One thousand copies were printed and given away. The first 197-page edition was bound on 27 August 1955. It went to the top of the British bestseller lists by Christmas. The following year it went to the U.S., and it sold 70,000 copies. The book was very popular and the company decided to make one updated edition each year. They published in October to go with Christmas sales.

In 2008, Craig Glenday created "Guinness World Records Gamer's Edition". The latest edition was "Guinness World Records Gamer's Edition 2020".

Recent editions have focused on record feats by human competitors. Competitions go from obvious ones such as weightlifting to the longest egg tossing distance, or for longest time spent playing "Grand Theft Auto IV" or the number of hot dogs that can be eaten in ten minutes. Eating contests and beer and alcohol consumption entries are no longer accepted, possibly for fear of litigation. Besides records about competitions, it has such facts as the heaviest tumor, the most poisonous plant, the longest-running drama ("Guiding Light") in the US, the longest-serving members of a drama series (William Roache for "Coronation Street" in the UK, Ray Meagher for "Home and Away" in Australia), and the world's most successful salesman (Joe Girard), among others.

Each edition has a selection of the large set of records in the Guinness database. The ways used to make that choice have changed over the years. The newest records are added, and the records that have been updated are added too.

In 2005, Guinness chose 9 November as "International Guinness World Records Day". This is to encourage breaking of world records. In 2006 about 100,000 people participated in over 10 countries.

In February 2008, NBC aired "The Top 100 Guinness World Records of All Time". Guinness World Records made the complete list available on their website.
On August 18 2019,Maliha Mohammed from Mombasa in Kenya broke the record for cooking the longest time, a record 3 days non stop.


Mime

Mime is a type of acting that does not use words or speech. Mime is all about physical movement and exaggerating your expressions. Mimes (people who practice mime) must use their actions to send a or tell a story. They are not allowed to speak directly to the audience.

Probably the most well-known mime was Marcel Marceau. Mime originates from Rome and Greece. Some people also believe that cavemen used mime to communicate as they could not talk.



Kangaroo

A kangaroo is an Australian marsupial. It belongs to the genus "Macropus". The common name 'kangaroo' is used for the four large species, and there are another 50 species of smaller macropods. The kangaroos are common in Australia and can also be found in New Guinea. Kangaroos move by hopping.


There are four living species of kangaroos:


There are also about 50 other smaller macropods in 10 genera in the Macropodidae family.

The evolutionary ancestors of marsupials split from placental mammals during the Jurassic period about 160 million years ago (mya). The earliest known fossil macropod dates back about 11.61 to 28.4 mya, either in the Miocene or late Oligocene. It was found in South Australia. Unfortunately, the fossil could not be identified any further than the family. A Queensland fossil of a species similar to "Hadronomas" has been dated at 5.33 to 11.61 mya, in the late Miocene or early Pliocene.

Kangaroos hop to move around quickly, and walk on two or four legs while moving slowly. They cannot walk in any direction and cannot hop backwards. They can hop or jump as far as about three times their own height. They can also swim if necessary. The kangaroo is a herbivore, eating mainly grass, but some species also eat shrubs. A female Kangaroo has three vaginas.

Kangaroos are marsupials: they carry their young in a special pouch on their bodies. Baby kangaroos are called joeys. Kangaroos live in large groups, called mobs. Each group is made up of breeding females, their young and several adult males. One of the males is the dominant male, he is the only one that breeds with the females in the mob.

Because they are mostly found in Australia, Australians see it as a national symbol. The kangaroo is featured holding the Australian coat of arms. The Australian airline, Qantas, uses the kangaroo as its emblem. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) also a has a kangaroo emblem.

Kangaroos can be dangerous because of their powerful legs. They can lean back on their tails to deliver powerful kicks. In 2009, a man went to save his dog which had chased a kangaroo into a farm dam. The kangaroo was able to hold the dog underwater nearly drowning it. The kangaroo gave the man several big kicks before he was able to grab his dog and escape from the dam. He needed hospital treatment for his injuries.

The word "kangaroo" is an Australian Aboriginal word from the Guugu Yimidhirr people of north Queensland. The word was recorded by Captain James Cook in August 1770. It was the name for the grey kangaroo, Macropus robustus. Cook's ship, the "HMS Endeavour", had been damaged on coral on the Great Barrier Reef. It took seven weeks for the ship to be repaired on the banks of a river, now the Endeavour River, at the site of the town of Cooktown. This gave Cook, Joseph Banks and other crew members time to explore the area and the plants and animals. The skin and skull of a kangaroo was taken back to England to be put on show. In James Boswell's book "Life of Johnson" he describes Dr. Samuel Johnson in 1793 hopping around the room to explain to people how a kangaroo moved. When Arthur Phillip and the First Fleet arrived in Sydney in 1788, they were surprised that the Aborigines did not know the word "kangaroo." It took them a while to realize that Aborigines at Sydney spoke a different language to those from Cooktown.

There was a now-extinct family of giant kangaroos, the Sthenurinae. They were adapted for browsing in woodland areas, rather than open grassland. The largest ("Procoptodon goliah") had an estimated body mass of 240 kg., which is almost three times the weight of the largest living kangaroos. Probably they moved at slower speeds, since hopping was not possible. They would have moved by striding (walking). The family went extinct about 30,000 years ago.

New Guinea is the large island close to Australia. It has been divided into Papua New Guinea (Australian administration), and Papua and West Irian (Indonesian province). Because the island was once closer to Australia, they have many related animals and plants in common. They have kangaroos, and a fossil of a giant kangaroo has been found on New Guinea at Nombe rock shelter. It has been named "Nombe nombe".

Harriet Tubman

Harriet Tubman (born Araminta Ross; c. 1820 or 1821 – March 10, 1913) was an African-American anti-slavery worker, former slave, and humanitarian. She was also a Union spy and the first black woman to ever lead an American mission during the American Civil War. She was born into slavery but she escaped. During her life, she made nineteen trips. She helped more than 700 slaves escape. She used the Underground Railroad.

When Tubman was a child in Dorchester County, Maryland, she was whipped and beaten by many different masters. When she was very young, an angry overseer threw a heavy metal weight at another slave. The weight accidentally hit Tubman's head. That caused seizures, headaches, powerful visionary and dream experiences. She had those problems all her life. Tubman believed the visions and vivid dreams came from God.

In 1849, Tubman escaped to Philadelphia. Slaves were free there. She later returned to Maryland to rescue her family. She eventually guided dozens of other slaves to freedom. Slave owners offered large rewards for the return of their slaves. Tubman was never caught because nobody knew she was freeing the slaves.

When the American Civil War began, Tubman worked for the Union Army. She worked first as a cook and nurse. Later she was an armed scout and spy. She was the first woman to lead an armed group in the war. She guided the Combahee River Raid, which freed more than 700 slaves in South Carolina. After the war, she moved to her family home in Auburn, New York. There she cared for her aging parents. She became active in the women's suffrage movement in New York until she became ill. Near the end of her life, she lived in a home for elderly African Americans. Years earlier, she had helped create that home. Harriet was a leader and still is.

Tubman's mother Rit (whose father might have been a white man) was a cook. Her father Ben was a woodsman. He did the timber work on a plantation. They married around 1808. According to court records, they had nine children together. Linah was born in 1808, Mariah Ritty in 1811, Soph in 1813, Robert in 1816, Minty (Harriet) in 1821, Ben in 1823, Rachel in 1825, Henry in 1830, and Moses in 1832.

Tubman's mother was assigned to "the big house" and had very little time for her family. Tubman took care of a younger brother and a baby. This was typical in large families. When she was five or six years old, Brodess hired her out as a nursemaid to a woman named "Miss Susan". Tubman was ordered to watch the baby. Tubman was whipped. She later talked about a day when she was whipped five times before breakfast. She had the scars for the rest of her life. She found ways to resist such as running away for five days, wearing layers of clothing as protection against beatings, and fighting back.

As a child, Tubman also worked at the home of a planter named James Cook. She had to check muskrat traps in nearby marshes. She did that work even after she got measles. She became so ill that Cook sent her back to Brodess. Her mother nursed her back to health. Brodess then hired her out again. Tubman spoke later of her acute childhood homesickness. She compared herself to "the boy on the Swanee River" (referring to Stephen Foster's song "Old Folks at Home"). When she was older and stronger, she did field and forest work, driving oxen, plowing, and hauling logs.

One day, the adolescent Tubman was sent to a dry-goods store for supplies. There she met a slave owned by another family. That slave had left the fields without permission. His overseer was angry. He demanded that Tubman help restrain the young man. Tubman refused. As the slave ran away, the overseer threw a two-pound weight at him. The weight hit Tubman instead. Tubman said the weight "broke my skull". She later explained her belief that her hair – which "had never been combed and ... stood out like a bushel basket" – might have saved her life. Bleeding and unconscious, Tubman was returned to her owner's house and laid on the seat of a loom. She had no medical care for two days. She was sent back into the fields, "with blood and sweat rolling down my face until I couldn't see." Her boss returned her to Brodess, who tried unsuccessfully to sell her. She began having seizures and seemed to fall unconscious. She later said she was aware of her surroundings while appearing to be asleep. These episodes were alarming to her family. They couldn't wake her when she fell asleep suddenly and without warning. This condition remained with Tubman for the rest of her life. Larson suggests she may have suffered from temporal lobe epilepsy because of the injury.

Around 1844, Tubman married a free black man named John Tubman. Little is known about him or their time together. Their marriage was complicated because she was a slave. Since children would have the status of the mother, any children born to Harriet and John would become slaves. By this time, half the black population on the Eastern Shore of Maryland was free. Marriages between free people and enslaved people were not uncommon. Most African-American families had both free and enslaved members. Larson suggests that they might have planned to buy Tubman's freedom. Tubman changed her name from Araminta to Harriet when she arrived to Philadelphia. When she returned to Manchester to tell her husband to come with him, he was remarried already.



Device driver

A device driver is a program that lets the operating system communicate with specific computer hardware. 

Computer parts need a driver because they do not use standard commands. For example, video cards from Advanced Micro Devices (or AMD) and Nvidia do the same job, but each requires its own driver as different hardware requires different commands. Different operating systems also need different drivers, a driver written for macOS can not be used by Microsoft Windows.

Many parts of a computer need drivers, and common examples are:

Some other computer parts do not need drivers (or the driver is built-in to the operating system) because they use a kind of standard; the operating system recognizes those parts and knows how to use those parts.

Such parts include items on the following list:

Central processing unit

A central processing unit (CPU) is an important part of every computer. The CPU sends signals to control the other parts of the computer, almost like how a brain controls a body.

The CPU is an electronic machine that works on a list of computer things to do, called "instructions". It reads the list of instructions and runs ("executes") each one in order. A list of instructions that a CPU can run is a computer program.

The clock rate, or speed of a CPU's internal parts, is measured in hertz (Hz). Modern processors often run so fast that gigahertz (GHz) is used instead. One GHz is 1,000,000,000 cycles per second.

Most CPUs used in desktop (home) computers are microprocessors made by either Intel or Advanced Micro Devices (usually shortened to AMD). Some other companies that make CPUs are ARM (recently bought by Nvidia), and IBM. Most of their CPUs are used in embedded systems for more specialized things, like in mobile phones, cars, video game consoles, or in the military.

In the 20th century engineers invented many different computer architectures. Nowadays most desktop computers use either 32-bit CPUs or 64-bit CPUs. The instructions in a 32-bit CPU are good at handling data that is 32 bits in size (most instructions "think" in 32 bits in a 32-bit CPU). Likewise, a 64-bit CPU is good at handling data that is 64 bits in size (and often good at handling 32-bit data too). The size of data that a CPU handles best is often called the "word size" of the CPU. Many old CPUs from the 70s, 80s and early 90s (and many modern embedded systems) have an 8-bit or 16-bit word size. When CPUs were invented in the middle 20th century they had many different word sizes. Some had different word sizes for instructions and data. The less popular word sizes later stopped being used.

Most CPUs are microprocessors. This means that the CPU is just a single chip. Some chips with microprocessors inside them also contain other components, and are complete single-chip "computers". This is called a microcontroller.

When the CPU runs a computer program, it needs somewhere to store the data that the instructions operate on (the data that they read and write). This storage is called a "register." A CPU usually has many registers. Registers must be very fast to access (to read and write). Therefore, they are part of the CPU chip itself.

Storing all data in registers would make most CPUs too complicated (and very expensive). Therefore, registers usually only store the data that the CPU is working on "right now". The rest of the data used by the program is stored in RAM (Random Access Memory). Except in microcontrollers, RAM is usually stored outside the CPU in separate chips.

When the CPU wants to read or write data in RAM, it outputs an "address" to that data. Each byte in RAM has a memory address. The size of addresses is often the same as the word size: A 32-bit CPU uses 32-bit addresses, etc. However, smaller CPUs, like 8-bit CPUs, often use addresses that are larger than the word size. Otherwise the maximum program length would be too short.

Because the size of addresses is limited, the maximum amount of memory is also limited. 32-bit processors can usually only handle up to 4 GB of RAM. This is the number of different bytes that can be selected using a 32-bit address (each bit can have two values—0 and 1—and 2 bytes is 4 GB). A 64-bit processor might be able to handle up to 16 EB of RAM (16 exabytes, around 16 billion GB, or 16 billion billion bytes). The operating system may limit it to using smaller amounts.

The information that is stored in RAM is usually volatile. This means that it will disappear if the computer is turned off.

Modern CPUs often use a memory management unit (MMU). An MMU is a component that translates addresses from the CPU to (usually) different RAM addresses. When using an MMU, the addresses used in a program are (usually) not the "real" addresses where the data is stored. This is called "virtual" (the opposite of "real") memory. A few of the reasons why it is good to have an MMU are listed here:

On modern computers, RAM is much slower than registers, so accessing RAM slows down programs. To speed up memory accesses, a faster type of memory called a "cache" is often put between the RAM and the main parts of the CPU. The cache is usually a part of the CPU chip itself, and is much more expensive per byte than RAM. The cache stores the same data as RAM, but is usually much smaller. Therefore, all the data used by the program might not fit in the cache. The cache tries to store data that is likely to be used a lot. Examples include recently used data and data close in memory to recently used data.

Often it makes sense to have a "cache for the cache", just as it makes sense to have a cache for RAM. In "multi-level caching", there are many caches, called the L1 cache, the L2 cache, and so on. The L1 cache is the fastest (and most expensive per byte) cache and is "closest" to the CPU. The L2 cache is one step away and is slower than the L1 cache, etc. The L1 cache can often be viewed as a cache for the L2 cache, etc.

Computer buses are the wires used by the CPU to communicate with RAM and other components in the computer. Almost all CPUs have at least a "data bus" - used to read and write data - and an "address bus" - used to output addresses. Other buses inside the CPU carry data to different parts of the CPU.

An instruction set (also called an ISA - Instruction Set Architecture) is a language understood directly by a particular CPU. These languages are also called machine code or binary. They say how you tell the CPU to do different things, like loading data from memory into a register, or adding the values from two registers. Each instruction in an instruction set has an encoding, which is how the instruction is written as a sequence of bits.

Programs written in programming languages like C and C++ can't be run directly by the CPU. They must be translated into machine code before the CPU can run them. A compiler is a computer program that does this translation.

Machine code is just a sequence of 0s and 1s, which makes it difficult for humans to read it. To make it more readable, machine code programs are usually written in "assembly language". Assembly language uses text instead of 0s and 1s: You might write "LD A,0" to load the value 0 into register A for example. A program that translates assembly language into machine code is called an "assembler".

Here are some of the basic things a CPU can do:


Even very complicated programs can be made by combining many simple instructions like these. This is possible because each instruction takes a very short time to happen. Many CPUs today can do more than 1 billion (1,000,000,000) instructions in a single second. In general, the more a CPU can do in a given time, the faster it is. One way to measure a processor's speed is MIPS (Million Instructions Per Second). Flops (Floating-point operations per second) and CPU clock speed (usually measured in gigahertz) are also ways to measure how much work a processor can do in a certain time.

A CPU is built out of logic gates; it has no moving parts. The CPU of a computer is connected electronically to other parts of the computer, like the video card, or the BIOS. A computer program can control these peripherals by reading or writing numbers to special places in the computer's memory.

Each instruction executed by a CPU is usually done in many steps. For example, the steps to run an instruction "INC A" (increase the value stored in register A by one) on a simple CPU could be this:

Different parts of the CPU do these different things. Often it is possible to run some steps from different instructions at the same time, which makes the CPU faster. For example, we can read an instruction from memory at the same time that we decode another instruction, since those steps use different modules. This can be thought of as having many instructions "inside the pipeline" at once. In the best case, all of the modules are working on different instructions at once, but this is not always possible.
Multi-core processors became much more common in the early 21st century. This means that they have many processors built on to the same chip so that they can run many instructions at once. Some processors may have up to sixty-four cores, like the upcoming AMD Epyc "Milan" series. Even processors for consumers have many cores, such as the 16-core AMD Ryzen 9 5950x.

Some processors have a technology known as multithreading. This is the task of running more than one "thread" of instructions in an operating system. Many modern processors use this to boost performance with heavy multi-threaded programs, such as benchmark programs.

The following companies make computer CPUs:



Running of the Bulls

The Running of the Bulls (in Spanish el encierro, meaning "the enclosing") is an activity that involves running in front of bulls on a course of a sectioned-off area of a town's streets. It is done all around Spain, but the most famous running of the bulls is in Pamplona. In most bull runs the bulls are not killed, and they live for a whole season. This is a dangerous activity but very exciting. Safety varies in some places like Xabia the area is surrounded by cages that people can slip in and out of but the bulls can not.

Red shift

Red shift is a method astronomers use to tell the speed of any object that is very far away in the Universe. The red shift is one example of the Doppler effect. 

The easiest way to experience the Doppler effect is to listen to a moving train. As the train moves towards a person, the sound it makes as it comes towards them sounds like it has a higher tone, since the frequency of the sound is squeezed together a little bit. As the train speeds away, the sound gets stretched out, and sounds lower in tone. This is also the same as filling a water bottle under a tap. As you fill, the sound of the filling gets higher and higher, for the same reason that the noise the train makes gets higher as it gets closer to you. The same happens with light when an object that emits light moves very fast. An object, like a star or a galaxy that is far away and moving toward us, will look more blue than it normally does. This is called blue shift. A star or galaxy moving away from us will look more red than it would if the source were not moving in our frame of reference. This is where red shift got its name, since the colours are shifted towards the red end of the spectrum.

The reason astronomers can tell how far the light gets shifted is because chemical elements, like hydrogen and oxygen, have unique fingerprints of light that no other element has. Astronomers use spectroscopy to analyse the light from an object (galaxy or star). Once they know that, they check to see the difference between where the spectral lines are compared to where they normally are. From that, they can tell whether it is moving toward us or away from us, and also how fast it is going. The faster it goes, the farther the spectral lines are from their normal position in the spectrum.


Spectral line

A spectral line is the way scientists can tell one element from another by looking at color.

In order to understand spectral lines, color has to be understood. In a rainbow, the colors of light go from purple to red. Several hundred years ago, the famous scientist Isaac Newton did an experiment where he showed that even white light from the Sun was made up of all the colors of the rainbow. When other scientists following him looked at this rainbow very closely, they noticed that there were dark lines breaking up the rainbow, where certain shades of colors should be. These lines were very small, but could be seen when the rainbow got stretched out very far. They investigated this further, and discovered that certain chemical elements, like the hydrogen and helium that make up the Sun, absorbed certain frequencies of light where those colors should be, like a sponge absorbs water, but does not absorb chalk.

Soon, scientists discovered that when they heated other chemical elements, like calcium and oxygen, so hot that they shined with a white light, they found similar lines, but in different places. No two chemical elements had these lines in exactly the same places along the rainbow, and they also soon discovered that could be used to be able to tell what stars were made up of in the Universe. The lines that a particular element produces are called the emission spectrum of that element.

The reason the chemical elements can do this is because of the number and places of electrons orbiting around the center of each atom of each chemical element. These electrons, when light hits them, absorb a specific wavelength, or color of light, and what color they absorb depend on their position around the atom. Since each chemical element has a certain number of electrons, each chemical element has this unique set of spectral lines.

Since each set of spectral lines was unique, scientists could also be able to use this in a technique called red shift. Red shift is a method astronomers use, after they know what a star is made of, to tell how fast an object far away in the Universe is moving. It also tells them how far away it is.

Godzilla

Godzilla is a giant dinosaur-like monster who first appeared in movies from Japan, in the year 1954. Since then has been featured in thirty-six movies. During his movie career, this large reptile fought against many other mythical monsters, including the giant moth-like Mothra, the three-headed King Ghidorah, his own robotic mirror image Mechagodzilla, and several more enemies. The original Japanese name, "Gojira or ゴジラ", is a combination of the words "gorilla" and "kujira" (means "whale"). In countries where the primary language is English, the name has been changed to "Godzilla", is an eponymous Japanese movie reptilian monster that has appeared in movies since 1954.



1090s

The 1090s was the decade that started on January 1, 1090 and ended on December 31, 1099.


1101

The year 1101 (MCI) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar.


1137

1137 was a common year.


1194

1194 (MCXCIV) was .




1207

1207 (MCCVII) was .





The Pentagon

The Pentagon is the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense. It is in Arlington, Virginia (near Washington, D.C.). It has limestone walls. It is in the shape of a pentagon, and has seven floors.

The Pentagon is the largest office building in the world, but any place in the building can be reached within 7 minutes.

Construction began on September 11, 1941. Exactly sixty years later, on September 11, 2001, it was hit with an airplane by terrorists. The crash killed a total of 189 victims (125 in The Pentagon, 64 in plane).

It has a total floor area of 6,500,000 sq ft (604,000 m). Offices are 3,700,000 sq ft (344,000 m). Approximately 25,000 military and civilian employees work in The Pentagon. It has five sides, five floors above ground, two basement levels, and five ring corridors per floor with a total of of corridors. The Pentagon includes a five-acre (20,000 m) central plaza, which is shaped like a pentagon.

The concentric rings are named (from the center out) as "A" through "E" (with in addition "F" and "G" in the basement). "E" Ring offices are the only ones with outside views and are generally occupied by senior officials. Office numbers go clockwise around each of the rings, and have two parts: a nearest-corridor number (1 to 10) followed by a bay number (00 to 99), so office numbers range from 100 to 1099. These corridors radiate out from the central courtyard, with corridor 1 beginning with the Concourse's south end. Each numbered radial corridor intersects with the corresponding numbered group of offices (for example, corridor 5 divides the 500 series office block). There are a number of historical displays in the building, particularly in the "A" and "E" rings.

Floors in The Pentagon are lettered "B" for Basement and "M" for Mezzanine, both of which are below ground level. The concourse is located on the second floor at the metro entrance. Above ground floors are numbered 1 to 5. Room numbers are given as the floor, concentric ring, and office number (which is in turn the nearest corridor number followed by the bay number). So, office 2B315 is on the second floor, B ring, and nearest to corridor 3 (between corridors 2 and 3). One way to get to this office would be to go to the second floor, get to the A (innermost) ring, go to and take corridor 3, and then turn left on ring B to get to bay 15.

Just south of The Pentagon are Pentagon City and Crystal City, extensive shopping and high-density residential districts in Arlington. Arlington National Cemetery is to the north. The Washington Metro Pentagon station is also located at the Pentagon, on the Blue and Yellow Lines. The Pentagon is surrounded by the Capital Beltway Every day, thousands of commuters traveling between Arlington, Virginia and Washington, DC drive on the roads of the Pentagon Reservation.

The Pentagon Athletic Center (PAC) is a fitness center for military and civilian staff. It opened in a separate building on the north side of The Pentagon in 2004. Each year, the Pentagon grounds hold the Marine Corps Marathon and the Army Ten-Miler running events.

The public may take a 60 minute long tour of the building. Tourists can also visit the Pentagon Memorial that is on the building's west side.The Pentagon receives around 106,000 visitors per year.

The Pentagon has:

On September 11, 2001, American Airlines Flight 77 flew into the western side of the Pentagon. September 11 was also the date the Pentagon began to be constructed. There were much fewer deaths because that side was being renovated. 189 people died. There is now a memorial remembering the people who died that day called the Pentagon Memorial. Each person that died is represented by a bench, for a total of 189 benches. It was opened on September 11, 2008, exactly 7 years after the attacks.


The Beach Boys

The Beach Boys are an American pop/surf rock group from Hawthorne, California. They formed in 1961. The original members were brothers Brian, Dennis, and Carl Wilson, their cousin Mike Love, and their friend Al Jardine. Many of the band's early songs were about life in southern California, the beach, girls, cars, and surfing.

David Marks replaced Jardine when he went away to school; after Jardine's return, Marks left the band. Bruce Johnston later became a regular band member, first replacing Brian Wilson on tour, then joining in on recording sessions. Reunions with some of the original band members still occur from time to time.

Studio albums

Selected archival releases 

See also

Modem

A modem (comes from: modulator demodulator) is a piece of computer hardware. It is used to communicate between distant computers. Two modems, one on each computer, are required to make a connection, and each modem can send and receive data to and from the other modem. 

Modems are classified by the amount of data they can send in a given time, normally measured in bits per second (bit/s, bps, or baud). They are also classified by their connection method. Dial-up modems were the usual kind in the 20th century, and DSL modems and Cable TV modems are now more used. 

Modems that connect to the computer by a cable are called external modems. Modems that go inside the computer are internal modems. Some internal modems are part of the motherboard; others are inserted into the computer on a PC card. Most DSL and cable modems are external.

Many modems are used to connect to the Internet through telephone service or cable television service. Slow telephone service is called dial-up (maximum 56,000 bits per second). Faster telephone service is called DSL and is usually more than ten times faster. Cable modems connect through cable television, and are similarly fast. 

A Consumer Electronics Association study in 2006 found that dial-up Internet access is on a decline in the United States. In 2000, dial-up Internet connections accounted for 74% of all U.S. residential Internet connections. This decline has been more or less mirrored in Canada and Australia.

Dial-up modem use in the US dropped to 60% by 2003, and in 2006 stood at 36%. Voiceband modems were once the most popular means of Internet access in the U.S. But as more homes adopted faster ways of accessing the Internet, the traditional 56K modem is losing popularity.

3DO

The 3DO Interactive Multiplayer (often just called the 3DO) is a video game console invented by The 3DO Company. It was created by Trip Hawkins, the man who created Electronic Arts. The 3DO was not built by the company itself. They had a list of instructions that other companies could use to build their own. Panasonic made the first models in 1993, and other types of the machine were sold in 1994 by Sanyo and GoldStar.

Many good things were said about it when it was created, including being named Time Magazine's "1993 Product of the Year". It also had many technologies that were new and advanced. But the 3DO cost more money than the video game consoles that were already popular. This meant more people bought consoles from Sega or Nintendo instead of the 3D0. Because of this, no more 3D0s were made after 1996. It was also not advertised very well, so almost no one knew about it. Some games planned for it include "Alone in the Dark" and "Myst". The 3DO company also wanted to make another console called the M2, but it was never released.

APF-M1000

The APF-M1000 was a video game console made by APF in 1978. The controllers had numbers (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,0 called a numeric keypad) and a joystick. With a joystick, the player moves the joystick and uses it to control the action in the game. It could only be used on a color TV. It came built-in with the game "Rocket Patrol".



Windsor, Ontario

Windsor is a city in Southwestern Ontario, Canada. The city is across the Detroit River from the U.S. city of Detroit, Michigan. It is the most southern city in Canada. In 2021, Statistics Canada said the city has 229,660 people living in it. It is inside Essex County, but it is independent from the county.

The land first was from Native Americans. Then in 1749, the French got the land and made it a farm. The land was named "la Petite Côte", meaning "Little Coast". It was later called "La Côte de Misère", meaning "Poverty Coast" because of the sandy soil near LaSalle. In 1797, after the American Revolution, the British made the city "Sandwich". It was later renamed Windsor, after the town in Berkshire, England. 

Windsor was part of a battle in the Upper Canada Rebellion. It was attacked by Detroit rebels who burned a steamboat and 2-3 houses. They were kicked out by the police. Windsor was also part of the Patriot War. 

In 1846, Windsor had 300 people. They had ferries that would go from Detroit to Windsor. The city being close to the US border made it a stop for slaves along the Underground Railroad. People said there were 20,000 to 30,000 refugees in Canada. Most of them stop at Essex County.

Windsor was incorporated as a village in 1854. The village was then connected to the Canadian National Railway. In 1858, it turned into a town. In 1892 when Windsor tried to become a city, they let people decide the name. Some names are "South Detroit", "The Ferry", "Windsor", and "Richmond". "Windsor" was chosen to promote English people in the city. It was also for Windsor Castle in Berkshire, England. But, "Richmond" was used until World War II. 

The Windsor Police Service was created on July 1, 1867.

A fire burned a lot of downtown Windsor on October 12, 1871, destroying more than 100 buildings.

In 1935, the towns Sandwich, Ford City and Walkerville were merged into Windsor. 

On October 25, 1960, a explosion destroyed the Metropolitan Store on Ouellette Avenue. 10 people were killed and at least 100 injured. It was featured on History Television's "Disasters of the Century".

In 1966, the nearby villages of Ojibway and Riverside were also merged into Windsor.

Windsor has a humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification "Dfa"). Windsor has the hottest climate in Ontario due to hot summers. The yearly temperature is . The coldest month is January and the hottest month is July. The coldest temperature ever was on January 29, 1873, and the hottest was on June 25, 1988.

Windsor had historic flooding in 2016, 2017 and 2019. In 2016, the mayor of Windsor, Drew Dilkens, declared a state of emergency because of the really bad flooding that occurred. In spring of 2019 Windsor asked for money following a lot of flooding.

In 2013 when a fire broke out at a plastic recycling warehouse. This state of emergency was called due to bad air quality caused by the fire.

In 2017, Windsor faced a storm that left of rain in 32 hours.

Windsor had a lot of tornadoes. The worst tornado to touch down Windsor was an F4 in 1946. 

In the 2021 Census of Population by Statistics Canada, Windsor had living in of its total houses in the city.

At the census metropolitan area (CMA) level in the 2021 census, the Windsor CMA had a population of living in of its total houses, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.

Windsor has a lot of immigrants. In 2016, 17.7% of the people are foreign-born in the metropolitan area, 22.9% of the population was foreign-born. Visible minorities make up 25.7% of the people, making it the most diverse city in Ontario outside of the Greater Toronto Area.
Windsor has 12 twin towns:

QWERTY

QWERTY is a certain typewriter or computer keyboard layout that is commonly used in some English-speaking countries. The term comes from the fact the first 6 letters of the top row of keys are Q, W, E, R, T, and Y. The QWERTY design was patented by Christopher Sholes in 1874 and sold to E. Remington and Sons during the same year.

The QWERTY layout was invented by Christopher Sholes, the inventor of the first modern typewriter. At first the letters on the typewriter were placed alphabetically. However, when the user of the typewriter learned to type quickly, the bars attached to letters became caught in one another. The typist had to stop and unstick the typebars with his hands. A business associate of Sholes named James Densmore suggested splitting up the keys to speed up typing by preventing the typebars from striking the typewriter roller at the same time and sticking together. Some people say the QWERTY layout was created to slow down typing speed, while others say it worked by separating series of English letters.

The alternative Dvorak Simplified Keyboard was invented in the 1930s to be more efficient than QWERTY but it remained rare.

The QWERTY layout was made to type in English, therefore it has no accent marks as they are not used in native English words. People from other countries whose own languages used accent marks (such as French, which has letters like "é", "î", and "ç") had problems. Depending on the operating system and the application being used, one can type accents marks by holding down the Alt key while pressing several number keys in a row. As an example, holding the Alt key, pressing the number keys 1, 5, and 6, then releasing the Alt key will generate a character numbered 156 in some character set. The Control or Alt key can be also used together with a letter. In some word processors, like Microsoft Word, characters with accent marks could be found under a category named "Special Characters" or something similar. Windows also has a program called "Character Map" that can be used to find and copy characters that could be pasted into other applications later on.

Some languages use the similar AZERTY layout. Some QWERTY keyboards for different languages and countries may look different..

The keyboards made in Belgium and France switch the letters Q and W with the letters A and Z. They also move the letter M to the right of L. These types of keyboards are called AZERTY keyboards.

Some keyboards for the Czech language use QWERTZ keyboards. They switch the Z and Y like the German version, but use "ů" to the right of L and ú next to P. The row that normally has numbers has the accents ě, š, č, ř, ž, ý, á, í, é. The user of the keyboard uses the shift key to make numbers.

Danish and Norwegian layouts switched Æ, Ø, and Å where Swedish and Finnish use the letters Ä and Ö.

Faroese keyboards add Æ and Ø next to L, and Å and Ð next to P.

German keyboards add an Ü to the right of P—and Ö, Ä to the right of L—and switch the Z and Y keys both because Z is a much more common letter than Y in German.

Hungarian keyboard add an É and Á after L, Ö above O, Ü above P, Ő after P, Ú after Ő, Ó above Ú, Í under A, and switch Z and Y, like in German.

Icelandic layouts add Ð to the right of P, Æ to the right of L, Ö to the right of 0 in the top row and Þ to the rightmost place in the bottom row.

Italian typewriter keyboards use a QZERTY layout where Z is swapped with W and M is at the right of "L". Computers use a QWERTY keyboard with è to the right of P and ò to the right of L.

Lithuanian keyboards typically use the standard QWERTY and utilize the numbers row + shift to insert the language specific symbols.

goza na minha buceta ai ze da manga

Romanian keyboards have a QWERTZ layout, swapping Y with Z; ă and î are added to the right of the letter P, while ș and ț are added to the right of the letter L; â replaces the backslash character. Changes are also made to the upper number keys, the numbers remain the same, but some of the symbols are shuffled. The most notable change is that hyphen (-) is swapped with slash (/).

Spanish keyboards add ñ and Ñ characters to the right of the L instead of the semicolon and colon.

Turkish layouts add Ğ and Ü to the right of P, Ş and İ to the right of L, Ö and Ç to the right of M.


List

A list is a part of a text, which has many words separated by commas (,) or a group of words going down the page that may use bullet points, letters, or numbers. Semicolons (;) are also used sometimes to separate items in a list.

These are lists:

I have invited Peter, Mary, and Henry to my birthday.

People who I have invited to my birthday are:

People I invited to my birthday: Peter; Mary; Henry.


Antimatter

Antimatter is a term in particle physics. Antimatter is a material composed of antiparticles. These have the same mass as particles of ordinary matter but have opposite charge and properties, such as lepton and baryon number.

Encounters between a particle and an antiparticle led to both of them being destroyed. This gives rise to high-energy photons (gamma rays), neutrinos, and lower-mass particle–antiparticle pairs.

In physics, all the elementary particles, or the basic building blocks of the things we can touch, come in pairs. Each particle has what is called an antiparticle. This may look and act just like the regular particle, except for one major difference. An example is the electron and the positron.

Other antimatter particles are the same way, where they have the same weight, and look and act the same as regular particles, but their electrical charge is the opposite of regular particles. Antihydrogen, for example, has the positron, which is positively charged, orbiting around an antiproton, which is negatively charged, which is the opposite way regular hydrogen looks, which has the electron (negative charge), orbiting around a proton (positive charge).

Albert Einstein found a formula that can show how much energy a certain amount of something has, whether it is matter or antimatter. This formula is formula_1, and is one of the most well known equations. In simple terms, if you take the mass of something and then multiply it by the speed of light, and then multiply it by the speed of light again, you will get how much pure energy a given piece of something has. Since the speed of light is such a big number, this means that even a small amount of matter can have a lot of energy (it has been projected to be 4 times more effective per mass than nuclear fission).

In 1928, the physicist Paul Dirac was looking for an equation that would predict how very fast particles should behave. There was already another equation that could describe slow-moving particles, the Schrödinger equation, but Einstein's theory of special relativity said that fast particles could be very different from slow particles. Dirac knew that particles like electrons were usually moving very fast. He realized the old equation would not make good predictions for fast particles. So he came up with a new equation that could describe particles moving close to the speed of light.

For fast particles, it is no longer true that the energy is formula_1. Instead, Dirac's new equation worked for particles where the energy was given by formula_3. In the new equation for energy, the symbol formula_4is called the momentum, and it measures how fast the particle is going and how hard it is to stop. This equation says that very fast particles have more energy, so they are different from slow particles. You can take the square root of each side of this equation, since both sides are equal. However, any real square root has two answers, formula_5and formula_6. You can think of the answer with negative energy as being antimatter.

The reason this is important to understand antimatter is because scientists found that when matter and antimatter touch each other, the amount of energy that is released comes very close to the amount of energy formula_1 says should be all together in those two pieces. The reason is that each particle of matter, when it touches its antiparticle in the antimatter world, both change over into pure energy, or annihilate each other. This release of such a high amount of energy is why a lot of science fiction writers use antimatter for fuel in their stories. For example, author Dan Brown uses antimatter in "Angels and Demons" as a very powerful weapon. It is also being looked at as a fuel source for real-life missions to outer space in the future.

Many scientists think that in the first few moments after the Big Bang, which created the universe a very long time ago, both matter and antimatter mixed together. If the Big Bang made equal amounts of matter and antimatter, then the two would annihilate and become energy. After a long time, there would be no matter and no antimatter left, just energy. But our universe today looks like it is almost all matter and hardly any antimatter. Physicists do not yet know for sure that equal amounts of matter and antimatter were created, and because of this, they are also wondering where the antimatter went, and if any was left over from the beginning of the universe.

One explanation is that there was just a little bit more matter than antimatter in the beginning, so that whatever was left over after most of the matter and antimatter annihilated into energy became the mostly-matter universe we see today. Another theory is that there is lots of antimatter on the other side of the universe, hidden far beyond our vision. They could have formed their own galaxies and solar systems too.

Because antimatter can make so much energy, it can be used for a lot of things, such as fuel for going into outer space, or in our cars. The problem is that antimatter is very expensive to make, and is almost as expensive to store, since it cannot touch regular matter. It takes several hundred million dollars to make less than one-millionth of a gram of antimatter. In fact, it is the most expensive and the rarest substance on Earth. Since it is so expensive, this means that antimatter is not practical to use as a weapon or as an energy source, because so little of it is obtainable.

Recently, however, scientists have trapped antimatter for over 16 minutes (1000 seconds total).

It does have a use in medicine, because a special kind of scanner called the PET, which stands for positron emission tomography, uses positrons to go into the human body. Doctors can look at the way the positron changes into energy inside a person's body, and be able to tell if something is wrong inside a person. This kind of machine works differently than an X-ray machine or a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) machine, and can help doctors see things that those other machines cannot see.

Minsk

Minsk or Miensk (Мінск (official spelling in Belarus), Менск; Минск ; Mińsk) is the capital and a major city of Belarus. About 2 million people lived in the city as of 2021. Minsk is also a headquarters of the Commonwealth of Independent States. As a capital, Minsk has a special administrative status in Belarus and is also the capital of Minsk voblast (province) and Minsk raion. Minsk is built next to the Svislach and Niamiha rivers. The timezone in Minsk is GMT +2.

In 2019, Minsk hosted the European Games.

The oldest mentions of Minsk date back to the 11th century (1067). In 1326 Minsk became a part of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and received its town privileges in 1499. From 1569 it was a capital of the Minsk Voivodship in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. It was annexed by Russia in 1793 as a result of the Second Partition of Poland. During 1919–1991 Minsk was the capital of the Byelorussian SSR. 

During the Second World War the city was damaged. Most of the buildings and structures in the city turned into ruins. But it was rebuilt. In 1991, the Soviet Union collapsed. The city became the capital of the Republic of Belarus.

Minsk has a continental climate. The average annual precipitation is about 700 mm. Summer is warm, but not hot. The average daily temperature in July is +19.1 °C (+66,3 °F). Winter is mild, the average daily temperature in January is −4.2 °C (+24,4 °F). Fog is common in the autumn and spring.


Chancellor of Germany

The chancellor of Germany (German: "Bundeskanzler", literally: "federal chancellor") is the head of government of the Federal Republic of Germany. The Chancellor of Germany is elected by the majority of the members of the Bundestag, the German parliament. The chancellor is the German people's version of a Prime Minister or Premier.

The current chancellor is Olaf Scholz (SPD) since 8 December 2021.



Mysore

Mysore is a city in Karnataka, India. Mysore is south-west of Bangalore. Travel time from Bangalore to Mysore is 2-3 hours by road or rail. Mysore is the second largest city in Karnataka.

Mysore Palace, Jaganmohan Palace, Chamundi Hills, Brindavan Gardens, and Mysore Zoo are the places to see in Mysore. Some people go to Mysore to see the Dasara procession. 

People also go to Mysore to learn yoga.

Kannada

Kannada () is a language, and it is a script used for writing the language. Most people in the southern Indian state of Karnataka speak Kannada, and there are speakers in Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Kerala and Goa. There are some differences in the way Kannada is spoken in these places.There are about 44 million people who speak the language.It had been since 2nd Century.

Kannada is a Dravidian language, which is a different language family from the Indo-European or Aryan languages of the north, such as Hindi but close to the other southern languages like Telugu. It has about 3000 years of written history. The first version is known as the Old Kannada script. By about 3000 it had morphed into the Kannada and Telugu scripts. Printing presses introduced by Christian missionaries at the beginning of the 19th century standardized the Kannada and Telugu scripts.

The Kannada script is a type of writing system called an alphasyllabary. All consonants have a built-in vowel. Other vowels are indicated with diacritics, which appear next to the consonants. When they appear at the beginning of a syllable, vowels are written as separate letters. When consonants appear together without intervening vowels, the second consonant is written as a special joint symbol, usually below the first. The direction of writing: left to right in horizontal lines.
It has highest number of Janapeeta literary awards compared to any Indian language. Kannada had a huge boost during the Vijayanagar period. Shri Vinoba Bhave called "Kannada" script the "Queen of Kannada Scripts" not for all Language. "Vishwa Lipigala Raani".

1467

1467 was a common year.


Arab League

The Arab League is an organization made up of countries in the Arab world in Northern Africa and Southwest Asia. Most, though not all of these countries use Arabic as their official language. The purpose is to find ways for the countries to have unity and to work together to solve their problems.

The Arab League, a regional organisation, finds its roots in two distinctive influences: Arab nationalism (or Arab nationalist movement), and British government support.

The Arab Nationalism represent both a movement that seek the unity of Arab territories in the Arab wolrd and express a rejection of the Ottoman Empire domination. This domination limited the sovereignty of these countries in the region. However, in the beginning of the twentieth century, the control of the Ottoman Empire was facing the rising power control of colonial powers. Both France and Great Britain, by the Skyes-Picot agreement, enforced their domination over each of their mandates (Syra and Lebanon for France, Iraq and Palestine for Great Britain). This partition prevented the evolution of Arab nationalist movement by dismantling the region and creating tensions between the countries.

In the second half of the 1930s, two groups emerged around the question of Arab unification. The 'maximalists' (Syria, Iraq, Transjordan) saw a link between unity and "nation" as way to erase the legacies of colonialism. In opposition, the 'minimalists' (Saudi Arabia, Yemen, and Lebanon) expressed a strong rejection for unification but rather a regional association that will push toward political, cultural, and economic cooperation without impact on their state sovereignty. In reaction, pan-Arab conferences emerged regarding regional issues such as the Palestine situation.

Before Wolrd War II, Great Britain supported regional actions initiated by Syrian, Lebanese and Iraqi leaders. This support appeared to undermine French influence on its own mandate.

In 1943, Nuri al-Said, former Prime Minister of Iraq under the British mandate, called for an union between Syria, Lebanon, Jordan and Palestine. This union called Arab League would be, for Nuri al-Said, a permanent council with members in charge of defense, communication, education, and the protection of minorities in the region. The Arab League appears then as a general agreement motivated by Arab nationalist movement. A need for collective action to solve problems in the region emerged even more.

In Egypt, from July 1943 to February 1944, discussions on a programme for an 'Arab Union' between the prime minister Mostafa el-Nahhas and representatives of Arab countries take place. In July 1944, the Egyptian Prime Minister calls the Arab countries' delegates to join a conference regarding the consolidation of this project. This conference takes place in Alexandria on September 25,1944 with the Preparatory Comittee and discusses the organisation and the question of state sovereignty in the union. However, this discussion is unstable due to the different positions of the countries: Syria is in favor, Lebanon and Yemen calls for a different form of cooperation. Regarding this, Egypt shows a model that conciliate both side by confirming the maintain of state sovereignty. This model is supported by Saudi Arabia and nuanced by Iraq that express the need of a voluntary arbitration between the members. This conference end in October 7, 1944 by the denomination Alexandria Protocol. This protocol declared the agreement for the establishment of the Arab League, in the spirit of Arab nationalism. From February 14 to March 3,1945, a commitee prepared the draft for the Pact of Arab League. In a second session, the commitee revised and approved the draft. By March 22, 1945, the commitee in the General Arab Conference signed the pact, which confirmed the creation of the Arab League.

The organization uses the Arabic Language in its summits and all official papers, although it has never been stated by the League that Arabic is the Official Language. The Arab League was founded following the Protocol of Alexandria signed in 1945 by seven Arab States: Egypt, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Trans-Jordan (Jordan). Today the League has 22 members. All countries having Arabic as an official language are among the members of the League, except for Israel, Eritrea and Chad which are not members.

An international treaty called "the Pact of the League of Arab Sates" organise the Arab League. This treaty is commonly called "the Pact". It has been signed by the first seven members in 1945.

The countries in the Arab League are:
The Arab League main organ is the Council (article 3 of the Pact). Each state member of the organisation has a representative in the Council with one vote (article 3 of the Pact). When the Council vote on a subject, the members of the League do not have to apply the decision if they voted against it (article 7 of the Pact). The members of the Council meet ordinary twice a year in March and in September (article 11 of the Pact). The president of the Council is one of the state. It changes every ordinary meeting.

The Council chooses a Secretary-General with a two-third vote. The Secretary-General is responsible for the administrative organisation of the meetings. Also, when the Council votes a resolution, the Secretary-General makes sure the decisions are followed by member states.

Ministers of Defense and Ministers of Foreign Affairs from the member states compose the Joint Defense Council.

The members of the Arab League agree not to resolve their conflicts with force (article 3 of the Pact). If there is a conflict between two members of the Arab League, they can call for a resolution of the Council. In that case, the resolution is binding to both countries.

The Arab League is politically involved in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Even before the creation of the League, Arab countries, particularly Saudi Arabia and Iraq had discussions on lobbying in Washington, D.C. and in London to fight zionism. Saudi Arabia even declared: the "danger of Zionism is one that threatens the interests of all Arabs and Moslems."

During the Alexandria conference in 1944, the founders of the Arab League chose Musa Alami to represent the Palestinian Arabs in the conference. In the Pact, the member states declare they support to the "Arabs of Palestine" against Israel.

During a summit in Lebanon in October 1947, the League decided that Arab nations would protect Palestinian territory with their regular armies. However, the member states were not able to agree on how they would implement this decision.

In the 1964 summit in Cairo, the League promoted the creation of a Palestinian entity. It led to the creation of the Palestinian Liberation Organization.

After the 1967 summit in Khartoum, the League issued a declaration called the "Khartoum Resolution". It is famous for the "three noes" policy described in article 3 of the declaration."(...) the framework of the main principles by which the Arab States abide, namely, no peace with Israel, no recognition of Israel, no negotiations with it, (...)"

1478

1478 was a common year.


1613

Year 1613 (MDCXIII) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Friday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar.


1608

1608 was a leap year.


1870s

The 1870s was the decade that began on January 1, 1870 and ended on December 31, 1879.



Jon Voight

Jon Voight (born December 29, 1938) is an American actor. Voight came to publicity in the late 1960s with his Academy Award–nominated performance as Joe Buck, a would-be gigolo, in Midnight Cowboy (1969). He has received an Academy Award for Best Actor, having received it for his role in the 1978 film Coming Home, in which he played a paraplegic Vietnam War veteran. In the 1970s, he became renowned as a Hollywood star. 

Voight is a Republican who supports anti-communism. 

His mother was of German ancestry; his father was of Slovak ancestry. Voight is the middle of three brothers: volcanologist Barry Voight was born in 1937; musician Chip Taylor was born in 1940.

Voight's son James Haven and daughter Angelina Jolie are actors.

Eugene McCarthy

Eugene Joseph "Gene" McCarthy (March 29, 1916 – December 10, 2005) was a United States senator from Minnesota. He ran for President of the United States five times. He died from Parkinson's disease.


Arnold Schwarzenegger

Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger (born July 30, 1947) is an Austrian-American former professional bodybuilder, actor, film producer, screenwriter, and director. He was the governor of the American state of California from 2003 to 2011. He currently lives in Los Angeles, California.

After serving in the army, Schwarzenegger moved to Munich, where he often slept in a gym because he did not have anywhere else to live.

Schwarzenegger then moved to the United States in 1968 and eventually became an actor. He has been in several big budget Hollywood movies including "The Terminator" series. He eventually stopped acting in order to run for governor of California in 2003. In 2003, Governor Gray Davis was removed as governor and Schwarzenegger was elected. His term ended in early January 2011, and he was replaced by Jerry Brown.

Before becoming an actor, Schwarzenegger was also a bodybuilder and had won both the Mr. Olympia and Mr. Universe titles over 7 consecutive times. Schwarzenegger has also set up his own official competition, Arnold Classic.

In 1971, Schwarzenegger's younger maternal half-brother Meinhard died in a car accident due to driving while drunk.

In 1986, Schwarzenegger married Maria Shriver, but they separated and divorced in 2021. They have 2 daughters, Katherine and Christina, and also 2 sons, Patrick and Christopher. Schwarzenegger also has a son with another woman. Some people think that Arnold had cheated on his wife but, such statements have not been proven.

In 2013, Schwarzenegger returned to acting with a role in the movie "Escape Plan".



Holy Spirit

In Judaism, the Holy Spirit or Holy Ghost is God's divine force over the Universe or the creatures within it. In Nicene Christianity, God the Holy Spirit is the third person of the Trinity. In Islam, the Holy Spirit acts as an agent of divine communication. In Islam, the Holy Spirit is seen as the "go-between" God and man and "the outpouring grace of God and the effulgent rays that emanate from His Manifestation".


Internet Protocol

The Internet Protocol (IP) is the most important communications protocol in the Internet protocol suite for relaying data across network boundaries. It establishes the Internet. In the past, IP did not provide the connectivity; It only specified how packets should be created. The Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) allowed this functionality. Since one could not perform its task without the other, they were called TCP/IP to show how they depend on each other.

Think of IP as something like the postal system. It allows you to address a package and drop it into the system, but there is no actual direct "link" between you and the recipient. Instead, there is a "web" of links interconnecting with each other. This is where IP and TCP come in. IP tells packets what their destination is and how to get there; TCP ensures a reliable connection, checking packets for errors, requesting a "re-transmission" if it detects one.

The Internet Protocol gets information from a source computer to a destination computer. It sends this information in the form of packets.

There are two versions of the Internet Protocol currently in use: "IPv4" and "IPv6," with "IPv4" being the version most used. IP also gives computers an IP address to identify each other, much like a typical physical address.

IP is the primary protocol in the Internet Layer of the Internet Protocol Suite, which is a set of communications protocols consisting of seven abstraction layers (see OSI model),

The main purpose and task of IP is the delivery of datagrams from the source host (source computer) to the destination host (receiving computer) based on their addresses. To do this, IP includes methods and structures for putting tags (address information, which is part of metadata) within datagrams. The process of putting these tags on datagrams is called encapsulation. Think of the analogy of the postal system. IP is similar in that it allows a package (a datagram) to be addressed (encapsulation) and put into the system (the Internet) by the sender (source host). However, there is no direct link between sender and receiver. 

The package (datagram) is almost always divided into pieces, but each piece contains the address of the receiver (destination host). Eventually, each piece arrives at the receiver, often by different routes and at different times. These routes and times are also determined by the Postal System, which is the IP. However, the Postal System (in the transport and application layers) puts all the pieces back together before delivery to the receiver (destination host).

IP is a connectionless protocol, meaning that the circuit to the receiver (destination host) does not need be set up before transmission (by the source host). Continuing the analogy, there does not need to be a direct connection between the physical return address on the letter/package and the recipient address before the letter/package is sent.

Originally, IP was a connectionless datagram service in a transmission control program created by Vint Cerf and Bob Kahn in 1974. When format and rules were applied to allow connections, the connection-oriented Transmission Control Protocol was created. The two together form the Internet Protocol Suite, often referred to as TCP/IP.

Internet Protocol version 4 (IPv4) was the first major version of IP. This is the dominant protocol of the Internet. However, IPv6 is active and in use, and its deployment is increasing all over the world.

Addressing and routing are the most complex aspects of IP. Intelligence in the network is located at nodes (network interconnection points) in the form of routers which forward datagrams to the next known gateway on the route to the final destination. The routers use interior gateway protocols (IGPs) or external gateway protocols (EGPs) to help with making forwarding route decisions. Routes are determined by the routing prefix within the datagrams. The routing process can therefore become complex. But at the speed of light (or nearly so) the routing intelligence determines the best route, and the datagram pieces and datagram all eventually arrive at their destination

IP packets or datagram has two parts. The first part is the header, which is like a label on an envelope. The second part is the payload, which is like the letter inside an envelope. The header contains the source and destination IP addresses, and some extra information. This information is called metadata, and is about the packet itself. Putting data in a packet with a header is encapsulation.

Every computer on a network does some kind of routing. Dedicated computers talk with each other to figure out where to send packets. These computers are called routers, and talk using routing protocols.

Along every hop in a packet's journey, a computer reads the header. The computer sees the destination IP address and figures out where to send the packet.

ARPANET, the early ancestor of the internet, was designed to survive a nuclear war. If one computer was destroyed, communication between all the other computers would still work. Computer networks still follow this same design.

Computers talking to each other handle the "smart" functions to simplify computer networks. The end nodes will check for errors instead of a central authority. Keeping the "smart" things on the end computers or nodes follows the end-to-end principle.

The Internet Protocol sends packets out without ensuring they arrive safely. This is "best-effort delivery", and is unreliable. Packets could get messed up, lost, duplicated, or received out of order. Higher level protocols like the Transmission Control Protocol ("TCP") ensure packets are delivered correctly. IP is also "connectionless", so it does not keep track of communications. It assumes that another protocol such as TCP will keep track of connections.

Internet Protocol Version 4 (IPv4) uses a checksum to check for errors in an IP header. Every checksum is unique to a source/destination combination. A routing node generates a new checksum when it gets a packet. If the new checksum is different from the old one, the routing node knows the packet is bad and throws it out. IPv6 assumes another protocol will check for errors and leaves out the checksum. This is to improve performance.

In 1974, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers published a paper called "A Protocol for Packet Network Intercommunication". The paper described a way for computers to talk to each other using Packet Switching. A big part of this idea was the "Transmission Control Program". The Transmission Control Program was too big, so it split into TCP and IP. This model is now called the "DoD" "Internet Model" and "Internet Protocol Suite", or the TCP/IP Model.

Versions 0 to 3 of IP were experimental, and used between 1977 and 1979. Versions 2 and 3, and a draft of version 4, allowed an address length of up to 128 bits, but this was mistakenly reduced to 32 bits in the final version of IPv4. Versions 7-9 were prototypes of what eventually became IPv6.

IPv4 addresses will run out, because the number of possible addresses is running out. To fix this, the IEEE made IPv6 which had even more addresses. While IPv4 has 4.3 Billion addresses, IPv6 has 340 undecillion of them. This means we will never run out of IPv6 addresses. IPv5 was reserved for the Internet Stream Protocol, which was only used experimentally.

1850s

The 1850s was the decade that began on January 1, 1850 and ended on December 31, 1859.



1479

1479 was a common year.


Akihito

Akihito became emperor after the death of his father in 1989, who was Emperor Shōwa. The current emperor's official reign name is "Heisei" (establishing peace).

The Japanese government announced in December 2017 that Akihito would abdicate on 30 April 2019. He then did so in a brief ceremony on that date.

The emperor has many duties and responsibilities. For example, he regularly

As a personal interest, Akihito studies fish.

Akihito directly addressed his subjects in a television broadcast after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. This was the first time any emperor used television in this way.

In July 2022, Akihito was diagnosed with heart failure.





Aero Space Museum

The Aero Space Museum is an airplane museum in Calgary in Canada. The museum, founded in 1975, is near the Calgary Airport.

Some things at the museum are war-time airplanes: a Sopwith Triplane from World War I and an Avro Lancaster from World War II.
There are also peace-time airplanes made by Cessna and de Havilland, and a helicopter made by Sikorsky. The museum also has a large library of flying information available for people to read and look at.


Canadian Museum of Flight

The Canadian Museum of Flight is an aircraft museum at the Langley Airport in Langley, British Columbia, Canada. The museum has about 20 peace-time and war-time motor airplanes, gliders, and helicopters to see, six of which can still fly.

List of aircraft displayed :


Olympic Flight Museum

The Olympic Flight Museum is an aircraft museum at the Olympia Airport in Olympia, Washington, USA. The museum has more than 20 airplanes and helicopters to see, most of which can still fly.


San Diego Aerospace Museum

San Diego Aerospace Museum is an aircraft and space exploration museum in San Diego, California, USA. It contains many original and copies of old aircraft and spacecraft, including:



Pearson Air Museum

The Pearson Air Museum is an airplane museum at Pearson Field Airport in Vancouver, Washington, USA. The museum and Pearson Field, and the Fort Vancouver National Historic Site, are all part of the Vancouver National Historic Reserve.

The Pearson Air Museum shows different kinds of unusual, special, and historic airplanes. For example, an experimental and one-of-a-kind aircraft known as the "flying pickle" originally based at Watts Airport (or Bernard's Airport), is shown at the Pearson. Alley reports on this special airplane based at Watts Airport in 1929, that was an experimental one-of-a-kind model. In this aircraft the pilot sits in an open air compartment, behind a roomy enclosed passenger cabin.


Newfoundland and Labrador

Newfoundland and Labrador () is a province on the East Coast of Canada, and is the farthest east of all Canadian provinces and territories. The capital of Newfoundland and Labrador is St. John's. In 2016, 519,716 people lived in Newfoundland and Labrador.

Newfoundland is an island, while Labrador is within the mainland of Canada and on a border with Quebec.

The province of Newfoundland and Labrador was originally called Newfoundland and joined Canada in 1949, becoming the newest province of Canada, after being a colony of the United Kingdom. Until an agreement was reached in 1927, Quebec also claimed Labrador. 

In 2001, the name of Newfoundland changed to its new official name, Newfoundland and Labrador, while the postal code abbreviation changed from NF to NL. The island of Newfoundland, and part of Labrador, are in a time zone that is a half hour off from any other part of North America.

Greenfinch

The greenfinch ("Chloris chloris"), also known as the European greenfinch, is a small passerine bird in the finch family Fringillidae.

This bird is widespread throughout Europe, north Africa and southwest Asia. It is mainly resident, but some northernmost populations migrate further south. The Greenfinch has also been introduced into both Australia and New Zealand.

Woodland edges, farmland hedges and gardens with relatively thick vegetation are favoured for breeding. It nests in trees or bushes, laying 38 eggs. This species can form large flocks outside the breeding season, sometimes mixing with other finches and buntings. They feed largely on seeds, but also take berries.

St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador

St. John's is the capital of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. It is also the largest city in the province, with 108,860 people living there and 205,955 people in the St. John's Metropolitan Area.

Memorial University of Newfoundland (MUN) has two campuses in St. John's and College of the North Atlantic (CNA) also has two (and a third in Seal Cove, within the St. John's Metropolitan Area). MUN and CNA are the only two public higher education institutions in Newfoundland. Given this, there are many students living in St. John's to pursue studies.

Close to St. John's is Cape Spear, the easternmost point in North America.

St. John's is home to the Newfoundland Growlers who play in the ECHL.


Nest

A nest is a place where animals build to hold their eggs or provide a place to raise their babies. They are most typical of birds, but many other vertebrates do make nests.

Nests can be made of organic materials such as twigs, grass, and leaves. They may be a simple depression in the ground, or a hole in a rock, tree, or building. Nests can be found in all types of habitat.


Egg (biology)

An egg results from fertilization of an ovum. The egg is a container for the zygote. It protects the zygote, and feeds the embryo. 

The animal embryo develops until it can survive on its own, at which point the egg hatches. Most vertebrates, arthropods and molluscs lay eggs outside the mother's body. They are always in some kind of container, a shell or covering. 

Reptiles, birds and monotremes lay cleidoic eggs: bird eggs are an example. These are a special kind of egg with a good supply of food and water. They have an outside covering which lets through gases so that carbon dioxide can get out, and oxygen can get in.

Fish, amphibia, insects and arachnids lay simpler eggs in greater numbers, but with much less protection and nourishment.

Some animals, mostly mammals, keep the zygote inside their body where the embryo grows until it is ready to be born. These are also cleidoic eggs, but all the development is done inside the mother's body, as with humans. 

Most mammals, and a number of marine reptiles, give live birth. Also, there are some invertebrates, such as scorpions, where the eggs develops inside the mother. They also give birth to live young.

The ostrich has the largest eggs of all living animals. Eggs, mostly bird eggs, are often eaten as food. The shell of an egg is a hard calcareous (CaCO) material. The shell of an ostrich egg can support the weight of a fully grown human.


Javan tiger

The Javan tiger ("Panthera tigris sondaica") is 1 of 3 extinct subspecies of tigers. It lived on the island of Java in Indonesia. It became extinct in the 1970s-1990s. The last known sighting of one was in 1972. 

It was small when compared with the subspecies from the Asian mainland. However, it was larger than the Bali tiger and around the size of the Sumatran tiger. It had numerous long, thin stripes.


1529

1529 was a common year.


Abacus

An abacus is an old tool used for arithmetic. It is still used in some parts of the world, and it is well suited for use in shops and street markets. Sometimes blind people use an abacus, because they can feel the numbers easily. The most common abacuses work by moving beads on rods.

Abacuses can do addition, subtraction, multiplication, division. They can be used to find the square root of whole numbers. Expert abacus users can sometimes do math faster than basic calculators.

There is a common Chinese abacus. This abacus is split into two kinds of basic rows, the top is for the "5"s, and the bottom is for the "ones". There are one or two beads in the top rows, and four or five beads in the bottom ones. For example, 8 is one bead on top and 3 below, because 5 + 3 = 8. Every column represents a different digit.

The use of the word "abacus" dates from before 1387 AD, when the word was got from Latin to describe a sandboard abacus. The Latin word came from ancient Greek ("abax") which means something without base, or (improperly) any piece of rectangular board or plank.

Both "abacuses' and "abaci" are used as plurals. The user of an abacus is called an "abacist" (soft or hard 'c')."

There is a Japanese version of the abacus called the 'soroban'. It works in essentially the same way.




1606

1606 was a common year.


1547

1547 was a common year starting on a Saturday in the Julian calendar. It was the 547th year of the 2nd millennium, the 47th year of the 16th century and the 8th year of the 1540s decade. 

1547 was a year that marked the deaths of two powerful European Kings - Henry VIII of England and Francis I of France. In England, Henry's nine-year-old son took over as Edward VI of England, while in France, Henry II became the next King. Also, during this year, Ivan IV of Russia was crowned Tsar. He later became better known as Ivan the Terrible.






Accordion

An accordion is a musical instrument that has keys similar to a piano, but is small enough for a person to hold. It makes sounds using air pushed and pulled through reeds using a bellows. The accordion can also have buttons instead of keys. The 6-plus-6-system with three rows has the same fingering in all twelve scales.

The accordion was first patented in 1829 in Austria by Cyrill Demain.

It was invented in Germany by Friedrich Buschmann in 1822. Since then, the instrument has made a significant impact on the world of modern and classical music. The accordion is similar to a portable piano. It is a wind instrument, comprising two reed organs that are connected by folding bellows.


1781

The year 1781 is .


1841

eventually calls "hypnosis".





Georg Agricola

Georg or Georgius Agricola (1494-1555) was a German scholar and scientist. He was one of the first people to study mining and minerals (stones and gems), that is the father of mineralogy.

1440

Year 1440 (MCDXL) was a leap year which started on a Sunday in the Julian calendar. It was the first year of the 1440s decade.




1428

1126

was a leap year.


Amiga CD32

The Amiga CD32 was a game console made by Commodore International release in 1993. It was based around the Amiga A1200 Computer. 

Using third party devices, it is possible to upgrade the CD32 with keyboard, floppy drive, hard drive, RAM and mouse, turning it into the equivalent of an Amiga 1200 personal computer.

In the Christmas period of 1993, the CD32 accounted for 38% of all CD-ROM drive sales in the UK, exceeding sales of the Mega-CD; however, it was soon overshadowed by CD-ROM based games consoles from other companies, and was discontinued as Commodore went into bankruptcy in 1994.

175 known game discs were released for the Amiga CD32 

GX4000

The GX4000 was a console made by Amstrad in 1990. At first, it was successful. But it did not continue its early success. The GX4000 games could be used with other Amstrad computers. Only 40 games were made for it. Soon it disappeared into the mist of history. These days it is very rare to see one that is still in working condition.

ApeXtreme

ApeXtreme is a console created by Apex Digital Inc. It was released January 9, 2004.

It can do many things, like play computer games, DVDs, CDs, VCDs and use the Internet.

What it can do:

1617

1617 (MDCXVII) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Wednesday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar.




1561

1561 was a common year.


New Year's Day

New Year's Day is a holiday in many countries. It was made to welcome the new year. In most countries, New Year's Day is celebrated on 1 January. This holiday is celebrated the most, with over 200 countries and territories in the world that observe it.

The new year is an event that happens when a culture celebrates the end of one year and the beginning of the next. Cultures that measure yearly calendars all have new year celebrations.

In Christmas Style dating, the new year started on 25 December. This was used in Germany and England until the thirteenth century, and in Spain from the fourteenth to the sixteenth century.

In Annunciation Style dating the new year started on 25 March, the feast of the Annunciation. This was used in many parts of Europe in the Middle Ages. The style was started by Dionysius Exiguus in AD 525. Annunciation Style was used in England until 1 January 1752, and in Scotland until 1 January 1600, when the kingdom of Scotland changed to Circumcision Style. England, the kingdom of Ireland, and the Thirteen Colonies changed to Circumcision Style on 1 January, after the United Kingdom of Great Britain changed from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar on 3/14 September 1752. This happened because the Parliament of Great Britain made an act of parliament, the Calendar (New Style) Act 1750.

Some Nigerian religious figures have a tradition of reading out prophecies, especially during the last few days of a year or on New Year's Day. According to them, these prophecies come as they relate with God in the place of prayer and fasting.


Coagulation

A coagulation, also known as clot is a semi-solid substance that blood forms, especially when it is in air. When a person bleeds, the blood turns into a clot at the injury.

A blood clot is also called a "thrombus". The process is called "coagulation".

If a person gets a cut on their body, that person may bleed. To stop the bleeding, the human body does several things. First, the brain orders the liver to produce chemicals that will help the clot to form. When the chemicals released by the liver arrive at the injury, the coagulation begins. In the mean time, the brain also lessens the blood flow near the injury (by tightening the veins and arteries in that area), so that not as much blood is lost. 

There is a limit to how quickly a clot can form. If the cut is very deep and the person bleeds too much, a clot may not be able to form and a lot of blood may be lost.

Coagulation begins almost instantly after an injury to the blood vessel has damaged the endothelium lining the vessel. When blood is exposed to proteins such as tissue factor it starts changes to blood platelets and the plasma protein fibrinogen, which is a clotting factor. Platelets immediately form a plug at the site of injury. Proteins in the blood plasma, called "coagulation factors" or "clotting factors", respond in a complex cascade to form fibrin strands. These strengthen the platelet plug.

Coagulation is highly conserved throughout biology; that means its genetics is almost the same in all mammal species. In all mammals, coagulation involves both a cellular (platelet) and a protein (coagulation factor) component. The system in humans has been the most extensively researched and is the best understood.

Fibrin is a white insoluble fibrous protein formed by the action of thrombin on fibrinogen when blood clots. it forms a network that traps red cells and platelets.

Vitamin K is an essential factor in blood clotting. Then, vitamin K is oxidized. Another enzyme, Vitamin K epoxide reductase, (VKORC) reduces vitamin K back to its active form. This reactivation is important as a target of anticoagulant drug warfarin. Vitamin K can be found in green vegetables, such as spinach, lettuce, broccoli or cabbage.

Asthma

Asthma (or Asthma bronchiale) is a disease that hurts the airways inside the lungs. It causes the tissue inside the airways to swell. Asthma also causes the bands of muscle around the airways to become narrow. This makes it hard for enough air to pass through and for the person to breathe normally. Asthma also causes mucus-making cells inside the airways to make more mucus than normal. This blocks the airways, which are already very narrow during an asthma attack, and makes it even more difficult to breathe.

A person having an asthma attack often makes wheezing sounds when trying to breathe. This is the sound of air trying to pass through the very narrow airway. They also have shortness of breath, which means they cannot take a full, deep breath. Chest tightness may happen which feels like their chest is being squeezed. They may also cough a lot.

Asthma attacks can be a medical emergency because they can be "fatal" (cause a person to die). There is no cure for asthma. There are treatments, such as different kinds of medicines to help people with asthma. There are also things that people with asthma can do to help themselves to keep their asthma from getting worse.

There are a lot of risk factors for getting asthma. The exact reasons for each is not yet clearly understood. Some of the factors are believed to come from genetics. A person inherits genetic mutations from one or both of their parents that may increase the chances of developing asthma. "Epigenetics", which are changes in the way a gene acts, may also increase their chances of getting asthma. These epigenetic changes may also be inherited. They may happen when a baby is still growing inside its mother, or during childhood.

"Socioeconomic status" (SES) is also believed to play a part in developing asthma. A person's socioeconomic status is based on such things as how much money their family makes, where they live, and their education level. Race and ethnicity also may play a part. It also is related to access to medical care, personal beliefs, and dietary habits. People of lower socioeconomic status suffer higher rates of asthma, have worse outcomes, and also have higher asthma-related death rates than people of higher economic status.

The exact cause of asthma is not yet known. It is believed that it may be because of a of many different reasons:

"Genetics": When changes happen in a person's genes (called "mutations") these changes are passed on to their children. One or both parents may have these changes or "mutations" in their genes, and some or all of their children may be born with them, which means they "inherited" them. These mutations, once they happen, run in families from one generation to the next and are permanent mutations, they change the gene in the "DNA". These changes can make a person more likely to get certain diseases like asthma. In some diseases it may be only one change in one gene that may make a person get that disease, in asthma it may be changes in many different genes that may make a person more likely to get asthma.

"Epigenetics changes" or "modifications" cause different kind of changes that affect how a person's genes work or 'express themselves' in three different ways (called "epigenetic mechanisms"), but do not change the gene in the DNA. These epigenetic changes may be inherited, or they may happen "in utero" which is when a baby is still inside its mother. They may also happen in childhood, because of different reasons, like a respiratory infection, being exposed to chemicals or drugs, diet etc. These changes can be passed from one generation to the next but are not permanent and might only be passed down one or two generations. Even though epigenetic changes affect how a person's genes work they do not permanently change a person's genes. It is believed epigenetic changes may also make a person more likely to get certain diseases like asthma.

"Environmental factors" are things that affect a person; which can be either healthy or unhealthy. Unhealthy environmental factors are things like living in an area where there is a lot of air pollution, or living somewhere where there are lots of bugs in the house, or being around cigarette smoke.

If a person who has genetic or epigenetic changes in their genes that makes them have a bigger chance of getting asthma ("genetic predisposition"), also has unhealthy environmental factors in their life, like living in a home that has a lot of "dust mites", then it is more likely that they will get asthma.

Atopy
"Atopy" is when there are changes in some of the genes a person is born with ("genetic inheritance"). These genetic changes make their body produce more Immunoglobulin E (IgE), a type of "antibody". They are also more sensitive to things things like chemicals, smoke and dust ("environmental antigens"). This "hypersensitivity" means they are more sensitive or "allergic" to things in the environment than people who do not have these changes in their genes and are not hypersensitive or "allergic".

This "hypersensitivity" causes their body to react in certain ways. Usually a person who is atopic develops "allergic rhinitis" which affects the "nasal passages" which are behind the nose and they are also more likely to get "atopic dermatitis" which causes skin rashes and "atopic asthma". Up to 40% of people with allergic rhinitis also have asthma. These three medical problems, "allergic rhinitis", "atopic dermatitis" and "atopic asthma" are called the "Atopic Triad" (a "triad" is when there is three of something). People who are atopic may also have other medical problems including food and drug allergies, stinging-insect hypersensitivity, hives ("urticaria"), Quincke's edema ("angioedema"), and contact dermatitis.

If a person has one parent who is atopic they have a chance of being atopic too. If they have two parents who are atopic they have an even bigger chance of being atopic.

There have been studies that show a link between acetaminophen (Tylenol) and asthma. For instance a 2008 analysis of information collected from a very large study called the International Study of Asthma and Allergies in Childhood, or the "Isaac study" for short, showed that children who had taken acetaminophen for a fever during the first year of their life had a 50% higher risk of getting asthma later on. The more acetaminophen children took the higher their risk of getting asthma. Children who took it once a month had threefold increase in their risk of getting asthma. An increase in asthma rates in multiple countries corresponded with increased sales of drugs which contained acetaminophen. Previously the American College of Physicians reported a link between non-atopic asthma and acetaminophen use based on results of The Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Not all doctors are convinced of the link between acetaminophen and asthma.

"Children with asthma or at risk for asthma should avoid the use of acetaminophen." (McBride JT, 2011).

Atopic asthma

"Atopic" asthma is the most common form of asthma.

Cough-variant asthma

Cough-variant asthma is a type of asthma in which a cough is the main, and sometimes only sign. Cough-variant asthma usually does not cause wheezing or breathlessness and causes a dry, scratchy, mostly nonproductive cough (this means little or no phlegm is coughed up). About 30% of people who have cough-variant asthma will develop typical asthma.

Work-related asthma
Work related asthma are types of asthma that are caused or made worse by irritants in the environment at a person's place of work. The kind of jobs that may cause work related asthma are usually those in which there is a lot of smoke or chemicals are used. There are different types of work-related asthma (WRA):

1. Occupational asthma with latency: this asthma type is when the signs and symptoms of asthma occur after a period of time ("latency") after being exposed to the environmental irritants. e.g.: John starts working at a factory where chemicals are used the first week of January. At the end of March he starts developing the signs and symptoms of asthma. The period of time from when he started the job in January to when the signs and symptoms of asthma started in March is the "latency period".

2. Irritant-Induced Asthma (IIA) is occupational asthma without latency: this is an asthma type is when the signs and symptoms of asthma can occur immediately ("without latency") after being exposed to the environmental irritants. e.g. Frank starts a new job working as a janitor where he uses ammonia to clean. After opening the bottle of ammonia and breathing the fumes Frank starts finding it difficult to breath, his chest tightens up and he develops other signs and symptoms of asthma.

4. Work-aggravated asthma: this is when a person already has asthma and environmental triggers at their place of work makes it worse.

Exercise induced asthma

Exercise induced asthma (EIA) - also called exercise induced bronchospasm - is the term used to describe asthma cases in which exercise is the main, and many times the only trigger for an asthma attack. If a person already has a form of asthma or they are "atopic" there is more of a chance of getting EIA.

Nocturnal asthma

Nocturnal asthma: is the term used to describe asthma cases that get worse at night ("nocturnal").

Premenstrual asthma (PMA): is when asthma symptoms get worse during the premenstrual period. This condition may affect up to 40% of female asthma sufferers. For a diagnosis of PMA to be made it is necessary to have a detailed history of the timing of menstrual cycles along with asthma symptoms experienced, and the peak expiratory flow rate (PMA may cause the PEF to be lowered in the premenstrual period). It is helpful in making a diagnosis to keep a diary of symptoms and peak expiratory flow (PEF) rates.

Status asthmaticus

Status asthmaticus is a severe form of asthma in which an asthma attack gets worse as it goes along and the medicines that are usually used to treat asthma do not work. Status asthmaticus can be fatal.

Signs and symptoms in medicine are the way a medical condition affects a person's body. Sometimes the signs and symptoms of asthma may be "mild" which does not bother the person too much. At other times they may be "severe" which may make the person feel very sick.

Not every person with asthma has all the signs and symptoms of asthma all the time. A person may have some signs and symptoms during one asthma attack and have different symptoms during another asthma attack. Some people with asthma may have long periods of time between asthma attacks where they show no signs and experience no symptoms of asthma, while others may have some or all of the signs and symptoms everyday which become more severe during an attack. It also depends on what type of asthma a person has and whether they have a mild, moderate or severe case.

There are also some people with asthma who might only have signs and symptoms during certain times, such as those with exercise induced asthma, where the exercise triggers the symptoms. For some the signs and symptoms of asthma may be triggered or made worse ("exacerbated") when they have viral respiratory tract infections, often the type caused by human "rhinoviruses".

Early warning signs of an asthma attack are physical changes in health that a person with asthma has before they have the attack. By knowing the early warning signs a person may be able to take steps to keep from having an asthma attack or if they do have one, to keep it from getting worse.

Early warning signs

The early warning signs of asthma may include:

A "trigger factor" or "trigger" for short, is something that causes the signs and symptoms of a medical condition to begin in a person who already has that medical condition. Common triggers for asthma are:

The best way to deal with asthma triggers is to learn what they are and avoid them if possible, and if not totally avoidable then adjust one's behavior to deal with them. Example: running on a cold winter day right up to the doorstep of a warm house and going immediately inside; the sudden temperature change can cause an attack and could have been avoided. In general but especially with a medical condition such as asthma it is necessary to be aware of one's environment and what's in it, both indoors and outdoors. Most often the Asthma is triggered by allergens. One big source of allergens is the carpet. Totally replace it with a tiles floor reduce the possibility to create a good environment for the allergens and it is more simple to clean and disinfect.

An asthma attack is when, after a period of time when a person has had only a few or no symptoms of asthma, the asthma gets worse all of a sudden, usually because of being exposed to one or more triggers. When the asthma attack happens, the tissue inside the airways swell because of "inflammation" - which is how the body tries to protect itself from harmful things, like germs and irritants. When the tissues swell the opening (called the "lumen") in the airway gets very narrow.

The "smooth muscles" (which are the kind of muscles in the body that do not "contract" voluntarily, like the ones in the arm) around the bronchi and bronchioles begin to "spasm" or contract which makes the opening in the airway even narrower. This is called a "bronchospasm".

Inside the lining of the airways are glands called, "submucosal glands", and above them, closer to the opening in the airway are cells called "goblet cells" - because they are shaped kind of like a goblet, which is a type of cup. The submucosal glands and the goblet cells make mucous which helps protect the inside of the airways. The mucous in the airways of healthy lungs is a thin film which traps irritants such as dust particles and pollen so they do not damage the airways and keep them from entering the air sacs (alveoli).

There are tiny hairs lining the airway called "cilia". The cilia wave back and forth like a liitle whips, and help push the mucous and the trapped particles up the airways to the "pharynx". From there the mucous, the trapped particles from the lower airways can be coughed up (this is called "sputum").

During an asthma attack the submucosal glands and the goblet cells start making much more mucous than normal, and the mucous is also thicker than normal. This makes it very hard for the cilia to do their job, and bring the mucous up out of the airways. So now there is too much mucous being made, and not enough being brought up by the cilia. The airways are already to narrow to breathe properly because of the tissue swelling caused by inflammation and the constriction caused by the bronchospasms, so the extra mucous blocks the airway even more. This makes breathing very difficult. In fatal asthma attacks the airways can become so constricted and/or plugged with mucous that no air can get through at all.
There are other signs of breathing difficulty as in an asthma attack, which are important to learn, and knowing them can help tell if someone who cannot talk is having breathing problems. People who may not be able to let somebody know they are having breathing problems include babies and young children.

Some of the other signs of asthma include:

A diagnosis of asthma is based on a person's:
Diagnostic Tests

There is no specific test that can tell if a person has asthma, however there are tests that can help in the diagnosis when the results are considered along with the medical and family history and physical exam

"Differential diagnoses" are different medical disorders which may cause the same symptoms. Before a doctor makes a "final diagnosis", which means they are sure of what medical disorder is causing the problem, they think of what other medical conditions have the same or almost the same symptoms, and make sure it's not one of them.

The differential diagnoses of asthma include:

Airway remodeling is when there are permanent physical changes to the airways that also affects how they work. This may happen after chronic long-term asthma. After cycles of inflammation, damage and repair to the airways. permanent remodeling of the airways may occur. This is when the physical structure of the airway changes. This will cause permanent airway narrowing (they are always more narrow than normal and get narrower during an asthma attack), bronchospasms are more easily triggered (bronchial hyperresponsiveness), airway edema (fluid in the airway), and mucus hypersecretion (too much mucous is made) as well as the build-up of collagen around the airway which is called fibrosis. Airway remodeling has been observed in children as young as six.

Not managing asthma properly can lead to airway remodeling and this can increase the risk of dying from an asthma attack. One of the main problems which cause poor asthma management is not using the asthma inhaler correctly. One of the main reasons for improper inhaler use is the asthma patient not having the proper knowledge in using the inhaler due to not receiving proper instruction.

Goblet cell and submucosal gland hyperplasia: Among the physical changes that may happen in airway remodeling is "goblet cell hyperplasia" and "submucosal gland hyperplasia". Submucosal glands and goblet cells make mucous which helps to protect the airways by trapping harmful particles like dust and pollen. The mucous is normally a thin film which lines the airways. The mucous and whatever particles they trap are brought up to the "pharynx" by tiny (microscopic) hairs on the inside of the airway that move back and forth called "cilia".

During an asthma attack the submucosal glands and goblet cells make too much mucous, and it is thicker than normal which makes it harder for the cilia to bring the mucous up. When airway remodeling happens the body may make many more submucosal glands and goblet cells than normal, which means even more mucous is made. There may be too much mucous for the cilia to bring up and the airway may become blocked. This is one of the reasons that people with airway remodeling often have more severe asthma. In fatal cases the airway may have become totally plugged causing "asphyxia".

Airway Reconstruction Methods

Regular Breastfeeding sessions are a proven benefit to airway reconstruction. While previous studies have shown a similar effect between breastfeeding and asthma risk, this research is the first that showed a link between the length of breastfeeding and the number of wheezing episodes. Also, this study found evidence that the first asthma-related symptoms occur earlier in life if children were breastfed for shorter lengths of time or not exclusively. The study shows it’s not the nutritional benefit from the liquid, it’s the pull on lung of which dilates the smooth muscles of the air passage. Dry-nursing has actually proven to had been more beneficial in this study for strengthening airway health in both children and adults. Dilating the airways will strengthen them and the lungs themselves.

Asthma can be controlled most often by avoiding contact with triggers and by using certain drugs. Most asthma sufferers carry special medicines around with them. These are called inhalers. The medicine inside the inhaler opens the tubes that go to the lungs. The inhaler is usually used to prevent an asthma attack, or to stop an attack that is already happening.
Rescue medicine — A rescue medicine is an inhaler ("puffer") that is used if a person thinks they are having an asthma attack.

Controller medicine — A controller medicine is a medicine in either a pill or an inhaler taken every day to prevent asthma attacks.

Common treatment in a hospital

Hospitals have other options they can use in an emergency when the regular treatments don't work:

Unconventional Treatments / At Home Remedies

Drugs that may worsen an asthma attack

There are certain types of drugs that make asthma worse or that can trigger such an attack. Certain types of drugs should only be used in very specific situations. Some of these drugs are:

Managing comorbid asthma, depression and/or anxiety

Depression and anxiety have a negative impact on asthma. Comorbid anxiety with asthma is particularly confusing because of the similarity of symptoms and interference in perception and treatment of asthma. The National Asthma Council Australia recommends treatment for comorbid psychological symptoms. Cognitive Behavior Therapy (CBT) is one recommended treatment for anxiety and depression. There is tentative research evidence suggesting that a program of CBT amended for asthma, delivered in conjunction with medical treatment and in close liaison with your medical team, can improve anxiety, asthma and quality of life. Clinicians intending to deliver CBT for comorbid asthma, anxiety or depression should refer to and the research reviewed by for guidance on safe and effective intervention.

The Global Initiative for Asthma

The global Initiative for Asthma (GINA), launched in 1993, is a collaborative effort between the World Health Organization (WHO), the National Institutes of Health USA (NIH), and the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute. Its aims include; to increase public awareness of asthma, encourage research into the causes for the increasing prevalence of asthma worldwide, encourage research into the links between asthma and environmental factors, improve the effectiveness of asthma management practices, reduce the mortality and morbidity rates associated with asthma, and make treatments for asthma more readily available.

One of the ways in which GINA fulfils these aims is by producing medical guidelines on the management of asthma, which based on a systematically conducted review of the most recent-worldwide literature. These guidelines are free and available to all patients and clinicians from the GINA website. The GINA main report is updated annually and aims to reflect evolving best practice as it highlights changes in asthma management strategies.

GINA established ‘World Asthma Day’ in 1998, with the first event organized in Barcelona, Spain. It is held annually on the first Tuesday of May, and includes the participation of more than 35 countries.

Often, having one medical problem makes it more likely a person will also have one or more other medical or psychiatric problems. These other disorders are the "comorbid problems" or "comorbidities". There are various comorbid medical and psychiatric conditions associated with asthma.

Respiratory disorders

Gastrointestinal disorders

Psychiatric disorders
Sleep disorders

Skin disorders

In medicine "epidemiology" is the study of what causes diseases and medical conditions, how often they happen, where they happen and who they happen to.

It is more common in developed countries than developing countries. The United States and Canada have some of the highest asthma rates in the world even though they are not poor countries. In Africa the country of South Africa has the highest asthma rate on the whole continent even though it is one of the richest countries.

More than 80% of the people who die from asthma are usually from low and middle income countries, but not always, as South Africa has the fourth highest death rate in the world even though it is one of the richer countries in the world. In the United States the death rates are higher for females, adults and people of African descent.

As of 2011, 235–300 million people worldwide are affected by asthma, and approximately 250,000 people die per year from the disease. Rates vary between countries with prevalence between 1 and 18%.

The amount of asthma cases reported each year has gotten much higher between the 1960s and 2008 Rates of asthma have plateaued in the developed world since the mid-1990s with recent increases primarily in the developing world. Asthma affects approximately 7% of the population of the United States and 5% of people in the United Kingdom. Canada, Australia and New Zealand have rates of about 14–15%.


Turkish

Turkish might mean:


890

890 was a common year.


Bochum

Bochum ( , , ; Westphalian: "Baukem", Low Franconian: "Boochem", Old Saxon: "Bochem") is a city in the Ruhr area of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany. It is part of the Arnsberg Government Region. Bochum is situated between the cities of Essen, Dortmund, Gelsenkirchen, and Hattingen.

Bochum has about 380,000 inhabitants.
The city is formed by the traditional industry of coal mining in the Ruhr area, but today there is no mining in Bochum anymore.
Today the most important institution in Bochum is the Ruhr-University Bochum, one of the biggest German universities.
It has an extremely wide spectrum of subjects, beginning with mathematics and science, social sciences, economy, engineering, laws, philosophy, historical subjects, theology, medicine, and languages even including Chinese and Polish.
Bochum has a rich cultural life and its theatre is one of the most prominent in Germany. The Folkwang University of Art has its well known theatre centre in the Ehrenfeld neighbourhood of Bochum, educating a quite small group of students in the theatrical arts. 

The "Bermuda3eck" (Bermuda Triangle) is a well known area for night life in central Bochum such as bars, nightclubs, and Hookah parlours. It has over 60 bars and restaurants, serving many kinds of food and drinks from both Germany and abroad. Since 1986, the Bochum Total music festival has taken place in the "Bermuda3eck", with many live music performances. Bochum Total usually takes place for 3 days around the start of July, and is one of the largest free music festivals in Europe. 

The German Mining Museum is also in Bochum, and has a number of permanent and temporary exhibits which cover the history of coal's uses and how it is mined. The Zeiss Planetarium nearby has a number of shows featuring animations and recordings of space, along with music such as Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon.

Progressive rock

Progressive rock is a type of rock music with complicated musical technique and composition. This means that the tempo, time signature, and style can change many times in a single song.

Most normal rock songs follow a very simple pattern in the way they are arranged. This pattern is a verse followed by a chorus, then a different verse, and then the same chorus. Progressive rock is more complicated than this, and can require more skill to play.

Progressive rock was first made in the late 1960s, but became most popular in the 1970s. It continues to be popular today, too. Progressive rock began in England and spread throughout Europe. It remains most popular in Europe, but there are several notable American and Canadian progressive rock bands. This genre was influenced by classical music and jazz fusion. Over the years, different sub-genres of progressive rock have been created, such as symphonic rock, art rock, math rock, and progressive metal.

Progressive rock artists wished to create music that was not limited to the structures of common popular rock and pop music. They wanted to make rock music that "progressed" to the complexity of jazz and classical music by creating a more serious, complex and sophisticated type of rock music. Progressive rock bands may have influences from psychedelic rock, folk music, traditional music, world music, and jazz or jazz fusion. It is also referred to as "prog rock" as an abbreviation, or as "Hobbit rock" because of frequent medieval or fantasy themes in the lyrics.

Progressive rock bands write and play songs that have many changes during each song. Regular rock songs have verses and a chorus, but progressive songs can have many different sections. For example, instead of having verses and choruses, progressive rock songs may have many different musical themes, solos, and musical moods. A typical progressive song might have a form such as: Introduction-Verse-Chorus-instrumental section-New verse-New chorus-Instrumental section-Ending.
Because of their depth and complexity, progressive rock songs are not played on pop music radio very often.

Some of the important progressive rock bands from the late 1960s and early 1970s include The Moody Blues, Jethro Tull; Yes, Genesis; Pink Floyd; Emerson; Lake & Palmer; Rush; Gentle Giant; Happy The Man; Van der Graaf Generator, and King Crimson.
Progressive rock is difficult to define, because progressive rock bands often play different types of progressive rock music which sound different. There are some common elements that are in most progressive rock band music, such as long, complex songs, unusual time signatures, unusual instruments or ways of using them, and use of improvisation, which means making up or inventing music while playing on stage.

Albums by progressive rock groups are often concept albums. In a concept album, the songs have a common theme, are arranged in a certain order and often tell a story or represent a larger concept.

San Juan, Puerto Rico

San Juan is the capital and largest city of Puerto Rico. The city's population is 433,733. It is the 42nd-largest city and the oldest European settlement in United States territory. Today, San Juan is Puerto Rico's most important seaport.

San Juan was founded in 1521. It was named after San Juan Bautista, or St. John the Baptist (name given by Christopher Columbus). San Juan is also known as "La Ciudad Amurallada". This means the "walled city". San Juan has many old buildings still standing today. Many Spanish explorers came during the Age of Discovery and built forts, churches, and other historical buildings. An example of a very old fort is "La Fortaleza". It is also known as "Palacio de Santa Catalina". In the sixteenth century, it was a Spanish fortress against Caribs. These were the people native to the Caribbean islands and Central America. Another old building is the oldest residence in Old San Juan, Casas de los Contrasfuertes (House of Buttresses).

Kashmir

Kashmir, previously spelled Cashmere, is a region in South-central Asia. Historically, the name Kashmir referred to the valley just to the south of the western end of the Himalayan mountain range. Today, Kashmir refers to a much larger area that includes the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir (which includes the Kashmir Valley, Jammu region and Ladakh), Azad Kashmir and Gilgit–Baltistan (part of Pakistan), and Aksai Chin and the Trans-Karakoram Tract (part of China). The main "Valley of Kashmir" is a low-fertile area surrounded by mountains and contains many rivers. People like it for its natural beauty and simple lifestyle. The region is part of a border dispute between India and Pakistan.

In total it has an area of 230,166.1 square kilometres or (89,106 square miles). The population of the region is more than the individual populations of 127 UN member nations and its area is larger than that of 97 nations.

The name of the land is thought to be derived from the process of desiccation - Ka means "water" and Shimir means "to desiccate". Hence, Kashmir stands for "a land desiccated from water". There is also a theory which takes Kashmir to be a contraction of Kashyap-mira or Kashyapmir or Kashyapmeru, the ""Sea or Mountain of Kashyapa"", the sage who is credited with having drained the waters of the primordial Lake Satisar, that Kashmir was before it was reclaimed. The Nilamata Purana gives the name Kashmira to the Mira" which means the sea lake or the mountain of Sage Kashyapa. Mira in Sanskrit means Ocean or boundary, considering it to be an embodiment of Uma. The Kashmiris, however, call it "Kashir", which has been derived phonetically from Kashmir. 

The Ancient Greeks called it as "Kasperia". Kashyapa-pura, which has been identified with Kaspapyros of Hecataeus (apud Stephanus of Byzantium) and Kaspatyros of Herodotus (3.102, 4.44); In classical literature Herodotus also called it "Kaspatyrol". Kashmir is also believed to be the country meant by Ptolemy's Kaspeiria. Xuanzang, the Chinese monk who visited Kashmir in 631 AD called it "Kia-shi-mi-lo", the Tibetans called it Khachal, meaning "snowy mountain". It is and has been a land of rivers, lakes and wildflowers. "Cashmere" is an archaic spelling of present-Kashmir, and in some countries it is still spelled this way. A tribe of Semitic origin, named Kash (which means a deep slash in the native dialect), is believed to have founded the cities of Kashan and Kashgar, not to be confused with the Kashyapi tribe from Caspian. The land and the people were known as 'Kashir' from which 'Kashmir' was also derived.

The Kashmir conflict has existed since India and Pakistan became independent states. At first, the Maharaja of Jammu and Kashmir, Hari Singh, wanted his state to remain independent of both India and Pakistan. On 20 October 1947, tribesmen supported by Pakistan invaded Kashmir. Singh fought back at first, but on 27 October, he asked the Governor-General of India, Louis Mountbatten, for help. He agreed, but made Singh turn over Jammu and Kashmir to India. Once the papers of accession to India were signed, Indian soldiers entered Kashmir with orders to stop any further occupation, but they were not allowed to expel anyone from the state. Pakistan claimed that it was illegal for Singh to give Kashmir to India, and the First Kashmir War was started. India took the matter to the United Nations. The UN resolution asked Pakistan to vacate the areas it had occupied and asked India to assist the U.N. Plebiscite Commission to organize a plebiscite to determine the will of the people. Pakistan refused to leave the occupied areas.

In 1953, as the US-Pakistan Mutual Defence Pact was being formed, Nehru declared an ultimatum. Pakistan would have to choose between a plebiscite with the possibility of winning control over Kashmir, or their pact with the US. As the alliance formed and was concluded in 1954, Nehru withdrew the offer of plebiscite. Kashmir remains an area of conflict until today.

India and Pakistan have fought several wars over Kashmir. In 1949 and 1972 they agreed on a border for most of the Territories (except for the Siachen Glacier). This demarcation line which marks the border between India and Pakistan is known as the Line of Control. It is guarded by Indian and Pakistani troops.

The border between Aksai Chin (held by China) and Jammu and Kashmir (held by India) is known as Line of Actual Control.

The Kashmir border between the Punjab (Pakistan) and Indian-administered Kashmir is called the working boundary, but is not recognised by Pakistan. India has built a fence along part of this border.

The Siachen Glacier and the bordering Saltoro Range first saw military action in 1984 when the Indian Army occupied the glacier and the Saltoro range to prevent Pakistan from occupying the area. This operation was codenamed Operation Meghdoot. There have been several minor changes to the held positions. However, the Indian Armed forces have held onto the heights on the plateau, preventing Pakistani soldiers from climbing up the Saltoro range.

The Actual Ground Position Line (AGPL) refers to the current position that divides Indian and Pakistani troops in the Siachen Glacier region. The line extends from the northernmost point of the LOC (Line of Control) to Indira Col. This line runs across the edge of the Saltoro Range, which is a mountainous plateau with peaks that are over 8,000 meters tall. The current position of the AGPL follows the general line:

Indira Col - Sia La pass - Saltoro Kangri 1 - Bilafond La pass - K12 - Gyong La pass - NJ9842

Today Kashmir is split, as follows:

The Disputed territory of Kashmir is divided into five administrative Divisions, namely:

A group of Districts forms a Division, which is administered by a 'Divisional Commissioner'. Kashmir is now divided in twenty-one districts, grouped under five divisions jointly controlled by Pakistan and India respectively:

Kashmir's economy is centred around agriculture, like that of Pakistan. Traditionally the staple crop of the valley was rice, which formed the chief food of the people. In addition, corn, wheat, barley and oats were also grown. Given its temperate climate, it is suited for crops like Asparagus, Artichoke, seakale, broad beans, scarlet runners, beetroot, cauliflower and cabbage. Fruit trees are common in the valley, and the cultivated orchards yield pears, apples, peaches, and cherries. The chief trees are deodar (National tree of Pakistan), firs and Pines, chenar (State tree) or plane, Maple, birch and Walnut, apple, cherry.

Historically, Kashmir became known worldwide when Cashmere wool was exported to other regions and nations (exports have ceased due to decreased numbers of the cashmere goat and increased competition from Western China). Kashmiris are good at knitting and making Pashmina Shawls, silk carpets, rugs, Kurtas, and Pottery. Saffron, too, is grown in Kashmir. Efforts are on to export the naturally grown fruits and vegetables as organic foods mainly to the Greater Middle East region which it forms an integral part. Srinagar is known for its silver-work, papier mache, wood-carving, and the weaving of silk.

The economy was badly damaged by the 2005 Pakistan earthquake which, as of 8 October 2005, resulted in over 70,000 deaths in the Pakistan-controlled part of Kashmir and around 1,500 deaths in Indian controlled kashmir.

The Indian-held portion of Kashmir is believed to have potentially rich rocks containing hydrocarbon reserves.

Tourism has been important in Kashmir for many years. Many people call the region "Paradise on Earth". Tourists from all over the world visit Kashmir. In the 21st century, fewer people have visited Kashmir because of terrorism. Kashmir is regularly referred to as "Jannat-e-Kashmir" due to its connotation with paradise. The term "Jannat-e-Kashmir" is originally a Persian phrase referring to Kashmir because of the many Persian Sufi saints who visited the Kashmir Valley and wrote poems about it in Persian language. Many Sufi saints are buried in the Kashmir Valley and there are Sufi shrines everywhere in Kashmir.

78% of the people in Kashmir are Muslim and Islam is the majority religion of the territory. The other religions are Hinduism followed by 12% of the population and Sikhism followed by 10%. During the reign of the Shah Miri dynasty of Kashmir starting in the 13th century, Islam was firmly established in Kashmir.


Rural area

Rural areas are areas which are not towns or cities. They are often farming or agricultural areas. These areas are sometimes called "the country" or "countryside". People who live "in the country" often live in small villages, but they might also live somewhere where there are no other houses nearby.

Rural is the opposite of urban, which means places such as cities where buildings and places where people work and live are all close together.

Many people who live in cities like to go to the country to relax. They go there for recreation, often for their holidays, or to read.

In the U.S., the United States Census Bureau, defines a "rural area" as sparsely populated and far from urban centers, which make up an estimated 3% of the land area of the U.S., but is home to more than 80% of the total population. 

Stephen Crane

Stephen Townley Crane (November 1, 1871 - June 5, 1900) was an American writer. He was born on November 1, 1871 in Newark, New Jersey to Jonathan Townley Crane, a clergyman, and Mary Helen Peck Crane. He attended Syracuse University in Syracuse, New York, but did not graduate. He moved to New York City in 1892 to write about the slum life of Manhattan. His major works include the novella "Maggie: A Girl of the Streets" (1893), the war novel "The Red Badge of Courage" (1895), and the short story "The Open Boat" (1897). After the success of "Badge", his literary reputation declined. His health was poor. In May 1899, he entered a sanitarium in Badenweiler, Germany. On June 5, 1900, he died of tuberculosis. He is buried in the Evergreen Cemetery in Hillside, New Jersey. 


Lawrence's goldfinch

The Lawrence's goldfinch ("Carduelis lawrencei") is a small songbird of North America. Bigger than the Lesser Goldfinch, and smaller than the American Goldfinch, with less yellow markings than either.

It lives from central California and its southern coast in the United States, to Baja California in Mexico. Females have less yellow and do not have the black cap and chin of the males.

This bird is named after the American "ornithologist" (bird expert), George Newbold Lawrence.

George Newbold Lawrence

George Newbold Lawrence (October 20, 1806 - January 17, 1895) was an American businessperson and amateur ornithologist (bird expert).

Lawrence counted birds for Spencer Fullerton Baird and John Cassin, and the three men wrote "Birds of North America" in 1858.

Lawrence left his 8,000 bird skins to the American Museum of Natural History. The Lawrence's Goldfinch "Carduelis lawrencei" was named for him by Cassin.

Santa Claus

Santa Claus (or Father Christmas) is a historical magical being who is commonly associated with Christmas. He is usually a plump and cheerful white-bearded white man wearing a red suit with white trim. He is said to bring presents to children all around the world on Christmas Eve and leave them underneath their Christmas trees.

He is said to live at the North Pole with his wife Mrs. Claus, elves who build the presents for the kids, and reindeer who pull his sleigh through the sky, which is how he travels the world. Father Christmas (the Nordic version) is said to live in Lapland, Finland, but most believe he is from the North Pole.

In the Nordic version, Santa is said to live in a small hill called Korvatunturi in Lapland, Finland. There is a theme park in Rovaniemi, which is near Korvatunturi, called Santa Claus Village.

The saint who inspired the legend of Sinterklaas (and thus, Santa Claus) is Saint Nicholas, who lived in the 4th Century AD and had a reputation for secret gift-giving, especially to the poor and needy, such as putting coins in the shoes of those who left them out for him.

He lives at the top of the world at the North Pole with his wife Mrs. Claus, elves, and reindeer. As his home and workshop are fictional, there is no definite geographical location as to where the home or workshop is located.

Over the years, there have been a number of websites created by various organizations that have purported to track Santa. Some, such as NORAD Tracks Santa, the Airservices Australia Tracks Santa Project, the Santa Update Project, and the MSNBC and Bing Maps Platform Tracks Santa Project have endured. Others, such as the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport's Tracks Santa Project, the Santa Retro Radar – Lehigh Valley Project, and the NASA Tracks Santa Project, have fallen out of use.
The NORAD Tracks Santa program began in the United States in 1955, when a Sears Roebuck store in Colorado Springs, Colorado gave children a telephone number to call a "Santa hotline." The number was mistyped, resulting in children calling the Continental Air Defense Command on Christmas Eve instead. Colonel Harry Shoup, the Director of Operations, received the first call for Santa and responded by telling children there were signs on the radar that Santa was indeed heading south from the North Pole. A tradition began which continued under the name NORAD Tracks Santa when in 1958, the United States and Canada jointly created the North American Air Defense Command (NORAD). This tracking can now be done through the Internet and NORAD's website.

Many local television stations in the United States and Canada claimed to have tracked Santa in their own metropolitan areas through the stations' meteorologists. In December 2000, the Weather Channel built upon these local efforts to provide a national Christmas Eve Santa tracking effort called SantaWatch in cooperation with NASA, the International Space Station, and Silicon Valley-based new multimedia firm Dreamtime Holdings. In the 21st century, most local television stations in the United States and Canada rely upon outside established "Santa tracking" efforts, such as NORAD Tracks Santa.

Many other websites became available year-round, devoted to Santa and pretend to keep tabs on his activities in his workshop. Many of these websites also include email addresses which allow children to send email to Santa. Most of these websites use volunteer living people as "elves" to answer email sent to Santa. However, some websites, such as Santa's page on Microsoft's Windows Live Spaces, have used or still use "bots" to compose and send email replies, with occasional unfortunate results. One particular website called emailSanta.com was created when a 1997 Canada Post strike prevented a man named Alan Kerr (credited as the "Head Elf")'s young niece and nephews from sending their letters to Santa; in a few weeks, over 1,000 emails to Santa were received and had received 1,000 emails a day one year later.
In addition to providing holiday-themed entertainment, "Santa tracking" websites raise interest in space technology and exploration, serve to educate children in geography. and encourage them to take an interest in science.

By the end of the 20th century, the reality of mass mechanized production became more fully accepted by the Western public. Elves had been portrayed as using assembly lines to produce toys early in the 20th century. That shift was reflected in the modern depiction of Santa's residence—now often humorously portrayed as a fully mechanized production and distribution facility, equipped with the latest manufacturing technology, and overseen by the elves with Santa and Mrs. Claus as executives and / or managers. An excerpt from a 2004 article, from a supply chain managers' trade magazine, illustrates this: 

In cartoons Santa has been voiced by many people, including Ed Asner, Stan Francis, Mickey Rooney, John Goodman, and Keith Wickham.

Santa has been described as a positive male cultural icon:

Many television commercials, comic strips and other media depict this as a sort of humorous business, with Santa's elves acting as a sometimes mischievously disgruntled workforce, cracking jokes, making riddles, and pulling pranks on their boss. For instance, a "Bloom County" story from December 15, 1981 through December 24, 1981 has Santa rejecting the demands of PETCO (Professional Elves Toy-Making and Craft Organization) for higher wages, a hot tub in the locker room, and "short broads," with the elves then going on strike. Ronald Reagan steps in, fires all of Santa's helpers, and replaces them with out-of-work air traffic controllers (an obvious reference to the 1981 air traffic controllers' strike), resulting in a riot before Santa vindictively rehires them in humiliating new positions such as his reindeer. In an episode of "The Sopranos" titled "...To Save Us All from Satan's Power," Paulie Gualtieri says he "used to think Santa and Mrs. Claus were running a sweatshop over there... The original elves were ugly, traveled with Santa to throw bad kids a beatin', and gave the good ones toys."
In Kyrgyzstan, a mountain peak was named after Santa, after a Swedish company had suggested it would be a more efficient starting place for present-delivering journeys all over the world, than Lapland. In the Kyrgyz capital Bishkek, a Santa Claus Festival was held on December 30, 2007, with government officials attending. 2008 was officially declared the Year of Santa Claus in the country. The events are seen as moves to boost tourism in Kyrgyzstan.

The Guinness World Record for the largest gathering of Santa Clauses is held by Thrissur, Kerala, India, where on December 27, 2014, 18,112 Santas came overtaking the current record of Derry City, Northern Ireland. On September 9, 2007, where a total of 12,965 people dressed up as Santa or Santa's helpers which previously brought down the record of 3,921, which was set during the Santa Dash event in Liverpool City Center in 2005. A gathering of Santas in 2009 in Bucharest, Romania attempted to top the world record, but failed with only 3,939 Santas.

Cinnamon

Cinnamon is a spice from the inner bark of "Cinnamomum verum".

The spice is used in both sweet and savoury foods. It is aromatic. People usually put cinnamon in sweet baked goods (such as cinnamon rolls), hot wine or liquors.

Cinnamon was used to make the spiced wine, claret, in the Middle Ages. In India, cinnamon is commonly used in making flavoured tea. It is either directly added as small pieces or put in powdered form during the preparation of tea. It is known as "Daal-Cheeni (दाल चीनि)" in Hindi.

The Sinhalese name of cinnamon is "kurundu". Cinnamon is grown as an export crop in Sri Lanka.

There is a literature which suggests that cinnamon spice may have positive effects on diabetes type II. This is not the view of the U.S., National Institutes of Health.

1186

Year 1186 (MCLXXXVI) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.




1188

1188 was a leap year.


Egg

Egg can mean different things:

Science fiction

Science fiction (often shortened to sci-fi or SF) is the type genre of speculative fiction which deals with imaginative and futuristic concepts such as advanced science and technology, space exploration, interstellar travel, parallel universes, and extraterrestrial life. It has been called the "literature of ideas", and it often explores the potential consequences of scientific, social, and technological innovations. Science fiction stories can be novels, movies, TV shows, video games, comic books and other literature.

SF is often about the future. It can be about imaginary new science and inventions such as spaceships, aliens, and robots. Science fiction stories are often in a world that is very different from the real world. They can have science and tools that do not exist in reality. Science fiction stories often take place on other worlds. There are often alien creatures.

Science fiction is drastically different from fantasy. Fantasy stories often have magic and other things that do not exist and are not science. Isaac Asimov was a famous science fiction writer. He once said that science fiction is possible, but fantasy is not.

Writers often use SF to explain everyday questions or problems by putting them in the future. Usually they invent a very different world to help people notice important ideas.

Science fiction changes over time. Some authors wrote SF books before this type of writing had a name. These writers and books were not called science fiction when they were published. But, they are often called science fiction today.


Two broad genres of science fiction are Hard SF and Soft SF. Although not everyone agrees on the exact definitions of these two types, the way they use science or the type of science used in the stories is different.

Hard science fiction, or "hard SF", is special because it uses true facts and theories from sciences. These sciences are very important in Hard SF: physics, astrophysics, and chemistry. Also, Hard SF can show worlds that more advanced technology may make possible. Many correct predictions of the future come from the hard science fiction subgenre. However, there have been many incorrect ideas about the future, too. Some hard SF writers have also worked as professional scientists. A few of these scientist/writers are Gregory Benford and Geoffrey A. Landis, while mathematician authors include Rudy Rucker and Vernor Vinge. Other noteworthy hard SF authors include Arthur C. Clarke, Hal Clement, Isaac Asimov, Greg Bear, Stanislav Lem, Larry Niven, Robert J. Sawyer, Stephen Baxter, Alastair Reynolds, Charles Sheffield, and Greg Egan.

Soft science fiction stories take ideas from social sciences such as psychology, economics, political science, sociology, and anthropology. Some important writers in this category include Ursula K. Le Guin and Philip K. Dick. Soft SF can be mostly about character and emotion. Ray Bradbury won a prize called the SFWA Grand Master and writes in this style. The Soviet Union produced social science fiction too. Some examples are Strugatsky brothers, Kir Bulychov and Ivan Yefremov.

Some Social SF and Soft SF can be types of speculative fiction, for example utopian or dystopian stories. George Orwell's "Nineteen Eighty-Four", Aldous Huxley's "Brave New World" and Margaret Atwood's "The Handmaid's Tale", are examples. Some people think that satirical novels in fantastic settings (places) such as "Gulliver's Travels" by Jonathan Swift are speculative fiction.

Within Hard or Soft SF, there are different types, or subgenres, of science fiction. Each subgenre is a group of stories that uses similar ideas or styles of story-telling. Publishing companies and critics put works of SF into different subgenres to help describe the work to help readers choose which books to read or movies to watch. Assigning genres is not simple. Some stories can be in two or more genres at the same time. Other stories may not fit any genre.

In Alternate (or alternative) history stories, writers imagine how the past might have been different. These stories may use time travel to change the past. Some set a story in a universe with a different history from our own. These are some important alternate history books:

The Sidewise Award is for the best works in this subgenre. The name Sidewise is taken from Murray Leinster's 1934 story "Sidewise in Time." Harry Turtledove is one of the most famous writers in the subgenre. He is often called the "master of alternate history".

Apocalyptic fiction is about the end of civilization. There are several types: through war ("On The Beach"), pandemic ("The Last Man"), astronomic impact ("When Worlds Collide"), ecological disaster ("The Wind From Nowhere"), or mankind's self-destruction ("Oryx and Crake"), or some other general disaster. Apocalyptic SF may also be about world or civilization after a disaster.

Cyberpunk began in the early 1980s. Bruce Bethke used this word as the title for a short story in 1980 by putting together two words: "cybernetics" and "punk". Soon, people used this word to describe William Gibson's book, "Neuromancer". Cyberpunk authors can put their stories in different settings. Stories usually take place in the near-future and the settings are often dystopian (characterized by misery). These are often societies with very advanced technology. A few huge corporations usually control the society. Another early cyberpunk novel that has become a classic is "Snow Crash" by Neal Stephenson.

Military science fiction stories happen during wars. These wars can be between different countries, different planets, or between different species. The stories are told by characters who are soldiers. They include detail about military technology, rules, and history. Some Military SF may be similar to real historical conflicts. Heinlein's "Starship Troopers" is an early example. Another is the Dorsai novels of Gordon Dickson. Joe Haldeman's "The Forever War" is a response to the World War II–style stories of earlier military SF authors. Haldeman was a soldier in the Vietnam War. Important military SF authors include John Ringo, David Drake, David Weber, and S. M. Stirling. Baen Books is known for cultivating military science fiction authors.

Maritime science fiction is science fiction that features a maritime or marine environment and technology and/or marine lifeforms mixed with science fiction. The probably earliest form of maritime science fiction literature is "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea".

Superhuman stories are about humans who get special abilities that are not normal. Maybe the new powers come from nature. Two examples of this type are Olaf Stapledon's novel "Odd John" and Theodore Sturgeon's "More Than Human". Sometimes scientists give people special powers on purpose. one example is A.E. van Vogt's novel "Slan". Frederik Pohl's novel "Man Plus" is another good example from this category. In that book, government scientists make a man into a powerful cyborg (part human, part machine).

These stories usually have two main points. One is the feeling of loneliness and separation that these superhuman people feel. The other is society's reaction to them.

Space opera is adventure science fiction in outer space or on distant planets. Action is more important than the science or characters. There is usually a strong hero and a very big conflict. The action often moves to many different places. Edward E. (Doc) Smith was an early Space opera writer. "Flash Gordon" and "Star Wars" are also popular examples.

Space western takes ideas from books and movies about exploring the American Old West and moves them to space in the future. These stories are often on "frontier" colony worlds (colonies that have only recently been terraformed and/or settled) serving as stand-ins for the backdrop of lawlessness and economic expansion that were predominant in the American west. Some examples are "Firefly" and the movie "Serenity" by Joss Whedon. Anime programs like "Cowboy Bebop" and "Outlaw Star" are also Space Westerns. Han Solo from "Star Wars" is an important Space Western character.

The first important time travel novel was Mark Twain's "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court". The most famous is H. G. Wells's 1895 novel "The Time Machine". Well's book uses a machine that allows an operator to travel to an exact time. Twain's time traveler is struck in the head and wakes up in the past. The term ""time machine"" was invented by Wells. Now it is the name for any vehicle that can take a rider to another time. Ray Bradbury's 1952 short story called "A Sound of Thunder" is a more recent and very famous example of this genre. Time travel stories can be complicated. They have logical problems such as the grandfather paradox. Time travel is a popular subject in modern science fiction, in print, movies, and television.



Science fiction fandom is the "community of the literature of ideas... the culture in which new ideas emerge and grow before being released into society at large". Members of this community, "fans", are in contact with each other at conventions or clubs, through print or online fanzines, or on the Internet using web sites, mailing lists, and other resources.

SF fandom emerged from the letters column in "Amazing Stories" magazine. Soon fans began writing letters to each other, and then grouping their comments together in informal publications that became known as fanzines. Once they were in regular contact, fans wanted to meet each other, and they organized local clubs. In the 1930s, the first science fiction conventions gathered fans from a wider area. Conventions, clubs, and fanzines were the main fan activities, or "fanac", for decades, until the Internet improved communication among a much larger population of interested people.

There are two very important science fiction awards: the Hugo Award and the Nebula Award. The Hugo is presented by the World Science Fiction Society at Worldcon each year. The Nebula is presented by SFWA and voted on by the community of authors. One important award for science fiction movies is the Saturn Award. The Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy, and Horror movies gives this award each year..

There are national awards, like Canada's Aurora Award and the UK Arthur C. Clarke Award, regional awards, like the Endeavour Award presented at Orycon for works from the Pacific Northwest, special interest or subgenre awards like the Chesley Award for art or the World Fantasy Award for fantasy. Magazines may organize reader polls, notably the Locus Award.

Conventions (in fandom, shortened as "cons"), are held in cities around the world, catering to a local, regional, national, or international membership. General-interest conventions cover all aspects of science fiction, while others focus on a particular interest like media fandom, filking, etc. Most are organized by volunteers in non-profit groups, though most media-oriented events are organized by commercial promoters. The convention's activities are called the "program", which may include panel discussions, readings, autograph sessions, costume masquerades, and other events. Activities that occur throughout the convention are not part of the program; these commonly include a dealer's room, art show, and hospitality lounge (or "con suites").

Conventions may host award ceremonies. Worldcons present the Hugo Awards each year. SF societies are a year-round base of activities for science fiction fans. They may be associated with an ongoing science fiction convention, or have regular club meetings, or both. Most groups meet in libraries, schools and universities, community centers, pubs or restaurants, or the homes of individual members. Long-established groups like the New England Science Fiction Association and the Los Angeles Science Fantasy Society have clubhouses for meetings and storage of convention supplies and research materials.

The Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA) was founded by Damon Knight in 1965 as a non-profit organization to serve the community of professional science fiction authors, 24 years after his essay "Unite or Fie!" had led to the organization of the National Fantasy Fan Federation. Fandom has helped support related groups as they started to form, including media fandom, the Society for Creative Anachronism, gaming, filking, and furry fandom.

The first science fiction fanzine, "The Comet", was published in 1930. Fanzine printing methods have changed over the decades, from the mimeograph and the ditto machine, to modern photocopying. The number of copies was usually not enough to use commercial printing. Modern fanzines are printed on computer printers or at local copy shops, or they may only be sent as email. The best known fanzine (or "'zine") today is "Ansible". David Langford is the editor and it has won several Hugo awards. Artists working for fanzines have risen to prominence in the field, including Brad W. Foster, Teddy Harvia, and Joe Mayhew; the Hugos include a category for Best Fan Artists. The earliest organized fandom online was the SF Lovers community, originally a mailing list in the late 1970s with a text archive file that was updated regularly. In the 1980s, Usenet groups greatly expanded the circle of fans online. In the 1990s, the development of the World-Wide Web made the online fan community much, much larger. Fans created thousands and then millions of web sites devoted to science fiction and related genres for all media. Most of these websites are small, ephemeral, or about very specific topics. Though sites like SF Site and Read and Find Out give readers a broad range of references and reviews about science fiction.

Fan fiction is non-commercial fiction created by people who love an SF story or world. Fans write stories that take place in the setting of an established book, movie, or television series. Some people call it "fanfic". In some cases, the copyright owners of the books, movies, or television series have instructed their lawyers to issue "cease and desist" letters to fans.



Blaise Pascal

Blaise Pascal (19 June 1623 – 19 August 1662) was a French mathematician, physicist, inventor, philosopher, writer and Catholic theologian. He was born in Clermont-Ferrand, France. His mother died when he was three years old. His father's name was Étienne. He had two sisters, Jaqueline and Gilberte. Pascal was completely educated by his father.His father was a tax collector. Pascal was considered a child prodigy. Though best known for his works in mathematics, including the creation of Pascal's Triangle, which is named after him, and developments in the field of probability, Pascal was also a scientist. He wrote in support of the scientific method and also contributed to physics. Later he wrote two books about Christianity. Also, the Pascal unit was named after him.

Pascal died in Paris, France at 39. He had several illnesses; it is not known which of them caused his death.

Pascal invented a form of counting machine which helped inventors create the calculator in the 20th century.

Pascal's triangle

Pascal's Triangle is a mathematical triangular array. It is named after French mathematician Blaise Pascal, but it was used in China 3 centuries before his time.

Pascal's triangle can be made as follows. On the first row, write only the number 1. Then, to get the numbers of following rows, add the number that can be seen above and to the left (if any) and the number above and to the right (if any) to find the new value. For example, the numbers 1 and 3 in the fourth row are added to make 4 in the fifth row.

The triangle displays the coefficients that occur when the binomial formula_1 is raised to the formula_2 power:
formula_3

The same triangle can also be expressed using combinations:

formula_4, 

where formula_5

The triangle has many uses in probability. It can also be used in binomial expansions. For example,

Notice the coefficients are the third row of Pascal's triangle: 1, 2, 1.
In general, when a binomial is raised to a positive integer power we have:

where the coefficients "a" in this expansion are precisely the numbers on row "n" + 1 of Pascal's triangle; in other words,

Formally speaking, the way of making the Pascal's Triangle uses Pascal's rule, which states that

for non-negative integers "n" and "k" where "n" ≥ "k" and with the initial condition

Pascal's triangle generalizes readily into higher dimensions. The three-dimensional version is called Pascal's pyramid or "Pascal's tetrahedron". A higher-dimensional analogue is generically called a "Pascal's simplex". See also pyramid, tetrahedron, and simplex.

The first and last number in each row is always 1.
The second number in each row is the row number. In a binomial expansion, this second number is equal to the power. (This makes the 'first' row, 1, actually the zero row).
The rows always read the same forward and backward.
The sum of the numbers in each row is double the sum of the numbers in the row before. The sum of each row is 2.


Antidisestablishmentarianism

Antidisestablishmentarianism is a political position. It means "to keep an established church". An official state church is called the "established" church, so a disestablishmentarian is a person who wants to stop the state church. These people say a state church hurts the freedom of religion. These people say the state should be secular, meaning religion and the country are separate. This idea is called disestablishmentarianism. So antidisestablishmentarianism wants to keep the state church.

It is famous because it is one of the longest words in the English language. 

The word comes from England in the 1800s. In England, Ireland and Wales, there was an official state church called the Anglican Church. Ireland disestablished in 1871, and Wales disestablished in 1920. England still has the Anglican Church as the state church.

In 2014 Nick Clegg, who was the Leader of the Liberal Democrats at the time, said that he thought the Church of England should no longer be the established church. David Cameron, who was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, said the establishment helps the church and state.

Antidisestablishmentarianism is one of the longest words in the English language. It has 28 letters and 12 syllables. It is considered to be the longest word, if you do not count technical terms. For example, "pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis" is a technical term for a lung disease made by people who wanted it to be the longest word.

The word became famous because of a popular television show in the 1950s called "The $64,000 Question", where someone spelled it and won. Duke Ellington, a jazz artist, had a song called "You're Just an Old Antidisestablishmentarianismist". Eminem, a rapper, used the word in his song "Almost Famous".



1193

1193 (MCXCIII) was .




Sarah McLachlan

Sarah Ann McLachlan (born January 28, 1968) is a Canadian singer-songwriter who is known for her emotional music. She was adopted and raised in Halifax, Nova Scotia. She went to the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design, then moved to Vancouver, British Columbia.

Her recording company, Nettwerk, released her first album in 1988. After recording several albums, she organized the all-female music festival Lilith Fair in 1997, 1998, and 1999. Some of the money made from these concerts went to women's charities. McLachlan received the Elizabeth Cady Stanton Visionary Award in 1998 for helping women's music.

She married her drummer, Ashwin Sood, in 1997. They have a daughter, India, born in 2002.

McLachlan has been written about in magazines such as Rolling Stone, Time, and Entertainment Weekly. She has won Grammy and Juno awards for her music.

She funds a Vancouver program that helps poor children learn music. She has played at charity concerts, such as for victims of the December 26, 2004 tsunami and at the 2005 Live 8 concert in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.

Some of McLachlan's best-known songs include "The Path of Thorns", "Into the Fire", "Possession", "Building a Mystery", "Sweet Surrender", "Adia", "Angel", and "World on Fire".

McLachlan stated music artists like Cowboy Junkies, Kate Bush, Tom Waits, 10,000 Maniacs, Sinéad O'Connor, Joni Mitchell, Peter Gabriel, Cocteau Twins, Daniel Lanois, Kate & Anna McGarrigle, Laura Nyro, Sandy Denny, Suzanne Vega, U2, Rickie Lee Jones, Stevie Nicks, Anne Murray, Jane Siberry and Bruce Cockburn as influences.

Albums with only new songs:

Live EPs (shorter albums) were released in 1992 and 2004.


Mark Twain

Samuel Langhorne Clemens (November 30, 1835 – April 21, 1910), more widely known as Mark Twain, was an American writer. He was born in Florida, Missouri. He worked mainly for newspapers and as a steamboat pilot on the Mississippi River before he became a writer. He married in 1870, and raised his family in Hartford, Connecticut. In later life he invested and lost the money that his writing had made, and toured the world giving lectures that brought him enough money to pay his debt and recover his fortune. 

Clemens was best known for his works in fiction, and especially for his use of humour. His first published story, in 1865, was "The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County."

"Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" is considered by many to be Clemens' best work. This story of a white boy who helps a black man escape slavery in the southern United States is known for its humanity.

Clemens's style was usually informal and humorous. This made him different from many important 19th century writers whose books he disliked. For example, he greatly disliked Jane Austen's works, such as "Sense and Sensibility" and "Pride and Prejudice", and famously remarked, "She makes me detest (hate) all her people, without reserve."

Actor Hal Holbrook played Mark Twain on stage in a one-man show called "Mark Twain Tonight".

Halley's Comet appeared in the sky during the year Twain was born and the year he died. This periodic comet comes back every 74 years, which is how long he lived.



Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban

Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is the third book in the "Harry Potter" series by J. K. Rowling. The book was released on 8 July 1999. It covers Harry Potter's third year at Hogwarts. A movie based on the book was released on 31 May 2004. This is the only book where Lord Voldemort does not make an appearance.

After accidentally inflating his aunt Marge, Harry leaves the Dursleys, and catches a ride on the street on a magical bus called The Knight Bus. Before he begins his way back to Hogwarts, he learns of Sirius Black, a mass murderer, believed to have killed thirteen people with a single curse. Black has escaped from the wizard prison, Azkaban. Meanwhile, upon meeting the Weasleys, Harry learns that, despite accidentally using magic (which is illegal), he has not been expelled. Mr. Weasley tells Mrs. Weasley of Sirius Black's motive to kill Harry when Harry overhears this he is told not to go looking for Black. Later in the book, Harry soon realizes why. 

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is the fourth book in the "Harry Potter" series by J. K. Rowling. It was published on 8 July 2000. The original United Kingdom edition has 636 pages, and the US version has 734. It was made into a movie that was released in 2005.
Throughout the three previous novels in the "Harry Potter" series, the main character, Harry Potter struggled with the difficulties of growing up and the added challenge of being a famous wizard. When Harry was a baby, Lord Voldemort, the most powerful dark wizard in history, had Harry's parents killed and betrayed, but was mysteriously defeated after unsuccessfully trying to kill Harry, though his attempt left a lightning-shaped scar on Harry's forehead. On Harry's eleventh birthday, he learns he is a wizard from Rubeus Hagrid and enrols in Hogwarts, a school for witches and wizards. He befriends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger and confronts Lord Voldemort, who is trying to regain power.

The Weasleys invite Harry and Hermione Granger to the Quidditch World Cup, to which they travel using a Portkey, meeting Cedric Diggory, a Hufflepuff sixth-year, on the way. In the match, Ireland triumph over Bulgaria, despite the skill of Bulgaria's star seeker, Viktor Krum. After the match, men wearing the masks of Death Eaters, followers of Voldemort, attack the camp site, causing terror and abusing the Muggle campsite owners. The Dark Mark is fired into the sky, causing mass panic.

At Hogwarts, Professor Dumbledore announces that Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody will be the Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher for the year. Dumbledore also announces that Hogwarts will host a revival of the Triwizard Tournament, in which a champion of Hogwarts will compete against champions from two other European wizarding schools: Beauxbatons Academy, and Durmstrang Institute. The champions are chosen by the Goblet of Fire from names dropped into it. Because Harry is under 17 (the age of majority in the wizarding world), he is not allowed to enter.

At Halloween, the Goblet of Fire picks Fleur Delacour from Beauxbatons Academy, Viktor Krum from Durmstrang Institute, and Cedric Diggory from Hogwarts to compete in the tournament. Unexpectedly, however, it also chooses Harry as a fourth champion. 

Despite champions not being allowed to know, Hagrid reveals to Harry that the first task is to get past a dragon. Harry struggles to think of a way past a dragon, until Moody suggests flying. Hermione helps him to perfect a Summoning Charm, which he uses to summon his Firebolt broomstick and fly past the dragon to retrieve a golden egg, receiving high marks from the judges. Harry's egg is supposed to contain a clue to the next task, but when opened it merely shrieks loudly. Later, Cedric tells Harry to take the egg into the bath in the prefects' bathroom to work out the clue.

Harry, Ron and Hermione secretly meet Sirius Black, Harry's godfather at Hogsmeade, who tells them that Barty Crouch was fanatical about catching dark wizards, often stooping to the same level to punish them. This culminated in Crouch sending his own son to Azkaban. His son later died there. Sirius suspects that someone is attempting to attack Harry through the Tournament and make it look like an accident. He suspects Karkaroff, who is a former Death Eater who walked free.

Harry takes the egg to the prefects' bathroom and listens to it underwater. There, the shrieks become the words of a song, which tells Harry that the task is to recover something dear to him from Merpeople at the bottom of the lake in the grounds.

Harry, Ron, and Hermione are unable to find a way to survive underwater for the second task. On the morning of the task, Dobby gives him some Gillyweed that he heard Moody and Professor Sprout talking about. The Gillyweed gives Harry flippers and gills and allows him to find Ron, the thing that is dear to him, at the bottom of the lake.

Harry prepares for the final task, a hedge maze filled with dangerous creatures and obstacles, the goal being to reach the Triwizard Cup at the centre. Helping each other, Harry and Cedric reach the Cup. They agree to touch it at the same time and become joint winners.

However, on touching it they discover that it is a Portkey that transports them to a graveyard. Wormtail appears, kills Cedric using Voldemort's wand, and ties up Harry. Wormtail uses Harry's blood, Tom Riddle Sr.'s bone, and his own hand to restore Lord Voldemort to a body. Harry escapes with Cedric's body to the Cup, which takes him back to Hogwarts.

Under the panic caused by his arrival, Moody takes a traumatised Harry to his office. He reveals himself to have been working with Voldemort the whole time as a 'faithful servant'. He explains that he put Harry's name into the Goblet of Fire and has been guiding him through the tournament to ensure he would touch the Cup first. As Moody prepares to kill Harry, Professors Dumbledore, McGonagall, and Snape intervene and stun Moody. Slowly, Moody changes appearance to become Barty Crouch Jr., the supposedly long-dead son of Barty Crouch Sr., who was using Polyjuice Potion to impersonate Moody.

Dumbledore announces Lord Voldemort's return to the school. However, many people, including Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge, refuse to believe it. Dumbledore puts his own anti-Voldemort plans into action.

Not wanting his tournament winnings, Harry gives all one thousand Galleons to Ron's older twin brothers, Fred and George to start their joke shop, and returns home with the Dursleys.

Crohn's disease

Crohn's disease is a disease that causes the intestines to become swollen. It is a type of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). The intestines may also develop ulcers. People with Crohn's disease often have pain in the stomach, diarrhea, vomiting, and weight loss. Crohn's can also cause skin rashes, arthritis, and swollen eyes. It is named after Burrill Bernard Crohn, who described cases in 1932. It was first
described by Giovanni Battista Morgagni (1682–1771) in the 18th century.

Nobody knows exactly what causes Crohn's disease. In the disease, the person's body attacks itself. The immune system attacks healthy parts of the digestive tract. This causes swelling in the digestive tract.

Though Crohn's is an immune-related disease, it is not an autoimmune disease (the immune system is not triggered by the body itself). The exact underlying immune problem is not clear. Crohn's disease seems to be connected to the person's genes. People whose brothers or sisters have the disease are the most likely to get it. Men and women can both be affected by Crohn's disease.

Managing Crohn's disease includes both lifestyle changes and various kind of medication. It is a chronic condition for which there is no cure. Certain parasitic intestinal worms appear to make the bowel less inflamed. It is supposed that the worms modify the immune reactions in the parts of the intestine where they live.

Alternative medicine of various kinds has been tried, with uncertain results.


Pet door

Pet doors, also known as cat doors, dog doors, doggie doors, or in the United Kingdom, cat flaps, are small doors for pets. They are usually built in regular doors, but can also be in windows or walls. They usually have the hinge on the top, with no latch, so the animal can push their way in and out. Newer models sometimes only let the pet go outside, but not inside. Others have a latch and something that can be put on the pet that makes the latch open when the pet gets close to the door. They are most commonly used for pet cats, but can also be used for dogs, miniature pigs, or other small pets.

The pet door was developed by Isaac Newton.

Mount Rainier

Mount Rainier (), known to Native Americans in the region as Tahoma, Tacoma, Tacobet, or təqʷubəʔ, is a large volcano in the Cascade Range of the Pacific Northwest located in Mount Rainier National Park about south of Seattle. Reaching to , it is the tallest mountain in the U.S. state of Washington and the Cascades.

Because it has a high risk of erupting in the future and is close to a high population, Mount Rainier is considered one of the most dangerous volcanoes in the world and is listed as a Decade Volcano by the International Association of Volcanology and Chemistry of the Earth's Interior. It hosts a large amount of glacial ice which could produce massive lahars (volcanic mudflows) that threaten the entire Puyallup River valley. According to the United States Geological Survey, "about 80,000 people and their homes are at risk in Mount Rainier's lahar-hazard zones."

Between 1950 and 2018, 439,460 people climbed Mount Rainier and 84 people are reported to have died in accidents on the volcano between 1947 and 2018.

Mount Rainier was known to the locally native Salish people as "Talol", "Tacoma", or "Tahoma". There are several theories about where the native name comes from, including it possibly meaning 'mother of waters' to the Puyallup Tribe, 'snow-covered mountain', or 'larger than Mount Baker'. Other names originally used include Tahoma, Tacobeh, and Pooskaus.

The current name was given by George Vancouver who named it after his friend, Rear Admiral Peter Rainier. The expedition in 1804-1806 called it "Mt. Regniere" even though Rainier had been the official name of the mountain. Theodore Winthrop in a travel book published after he died called the mountain Tacoma and for many years the two names were commonly used to refer to the mountain. Mount Tacoma was the preferred name in the nearby city of Tacoma.

In 1890, the United States Board on Geographic Names determined that the volcano would officially be known as Rainier. In 1897, the Pacific Forest Reserve, which included Mount Rainier, was renamed the Mount Rainier Forest Reserve and the national park, that it sits in, also named Mount Rainier was created three years later. A movement to change the mountain's name to Tacoma continues to exist. Congress considered changing the mountain's name in 1924 and after Alaska's Denali was officially changed from Mount McKinley in 2015 the debate was renewed.

Mount Rainier is the tallest mountain in Washington and the Cascade Range. It is located just east of Eatonville, to the southeast of Tacoma, and to the south of Seattle. Rainier has a topographic prominence of , which is greater than the prominence of the world's second-tallest mountain - K2. On clear days it dominates the horizon from most of the Seattle-Tacoma area so that most locals simply call it "the Mountain". On very clear days, it can be seen from as far away as Corvallis, Oregon and Victoria, British Columbia.

Mount Rainier has 26 major glaciers. In total, there are of permanent snow and glacial ice on the mountain making it the most heavily glaciated peak in the lower 48 states. At the top are two Volcanic craters, both more than in diameter. The east crater is larger and overlaps the western crater. Heat from the volcano keeps areas along the edge of the craters free of snow and ice and has created the world's largest glacier cave network inside the craters with almost of passages. A small crater lake that is about deep lies in the ice caves in the west crater and is the highest elevation lake in North America.

The Carbon, Puyallup, Mowich, Nisqually, and Cowlitz Rivers all begin on the slopes of Mount Rainier at the bottom of glaciers of that share their names with those of the rivers. The White River's water comes from three glaciers on the mountain. The White, Carbon, and Mowich all flow into the Puyallup River which ends at the Puget Sound in Tacoma. The Nisqually River empties into the Puget Sound near Lacey, Washington, and the Cowlitz flows to the Columbia River near Kelso, Washington.

Mount Rainier has a large summit area containing three peaks. The highest is called Columbia Crest followed by Point Success reaching and Liberty Cap which is above sea level and overlooks Liberty Ridge, the Sunset Amphitheater, and Wallis Wall. High on the east side of Mount Rainier is a rocky summit called Little Tahoma Peak. It is above sea level and is a remnant from when Mount Rainier was much taller. Most climbers don't climb to both Columbia Crest and Little Tahoma Peak in the same trip, so it is usually considered by them to be a separate peak.


Fort Knox

Fort Knox is an U.S. Army post in Kentucky. Named after Henry Knox, the fort is now the site of the U.S. Bullion Reservatory (where the United States keeps its gold). The fort's fortifications were built in 1862 during the American Civil War; however, after the war the camp became abandoned until 1917. 

It is named for Henry Knox, a general in the American Revolutionary War.

Maxwell's equations

Maxwell's equations describe how electric charges and electric currents create electric and magnetic fields. They describe how an electric field can generate a magnetic field. 

In the 1860s James Clerk Maxwell published equations that describe how charged particles give rise to electric and magnetic force per unit charge. The force per unit charge is called a field. The particles could be stationary or moving. These, and the Lorentz force equation, give everything one needs to calculate the motion of classical particles in electric and magnetic fields.

The first equation allows one to calculate the electric field created by a charge. The second allows one to calculate the magnetic field. The other two describe how fields 'circulate' around their sources. Magnetic fields 'circulate' around electric currents and time varying electric fields: Ampère's law with Maxwell's extension, while electric fields 'circulate' around time varying magnetic fields: Faraday's law.

where the following table provides the meaning of each symbol and the SI unit of measure:

and

where formula_4 is the "free" electric charge density (in units of C/m), not counting the dipole charges bound in a material, and formula_5 is the electric displacement field (in units of C/m). This equation is like Coulomb's law for non-moving charges in vacuum.

The next integral form (by the divergence theorem), also known as Gauss' law, says the same thing:

formula_7 is the area of a differential square on the closed surface A. The surface normal pointing out is the direction, and formula_8 is the free charge that is inside the surface.

In a "linear material", formula_5 is directly related to the electric field formula_10 with a constant called the permittivity, formula_11 (This constant is different for different materials):

You can pretend a material is linear, if the electric field is not very strong. 

The permittivity of free space is called formula_13, and is used in this equation:

Here formula_10 is the electric field again (in units of V/m), formula_16 is the total charge density (including the bound charges), and formula_13 (approximately 8.854 pF/m) is the permittivity of free space. One can also write formula_11 as formula_19. Here, formula_20 is the permittivity of the material when compared to the permittivity of free space. This is called the relative permittivity or "dielectric constant".

See also Poisson's equation.

formula_22 is the magnetic flux density (in units of tesla, T), also called the magnetic induction.

This next integral form says the same thing: 

The area of formula_7 is the area of a differential square on the surface formula_25. The direction of formula_7 is the surface normal pointing outwards on the surface of formula_25.

This equation only works if the integral is done over a closed surface.
This equation says, that in every volume the sum of the magnetic field lines that go in equals the sum of the magnetical field lines that go out. This means that the magnetic field lines must be closed loops. Another way of saying this is that the field lines cannot start from somewhere. 
This is the mathematical way of saying: "There are no magnetic monopoles".

This next integral form says the same thing: 

Here formula_30

This is what the symbols mean:

Φ is the magnetic flux that goes through the area A that the second equation describes,

E is the electric field that the magnetic flux causes,

s is a closed path in which current is induced, for example a wire,

v is the instantaneous velocity of the line element (for moving circuits).

The electromotive force is equal to the value of this integral. Sometimes this symbol is used for the electromotive force: formula_31, do not confuse it with the symbol for permittivity that was used before.

This law is like Faraday's law of electromagnetic induction.

Some textbooks show the right hand sign of the integral form with an "N" (N is the number of coils of wire that are around the edge of "A") in front of the flux derivative. The "N" can be taken care of in calculating "A" (multiple wire coils means multiple surfaces for the flux to go through), and it is an engineering detail so it's left out here.

The negative sign is needed for conservation of energy. It is so important that it even has its own name, Lenz's law.

This equation shows how the electric and magnetic fields have to do with each other. For example, this equation explains how electric motors and electric generators work. In a motor or generator, the field circuit has a fixed electric field that causes a magnetic field. This is called fixed excitation. The varying voltage is measured across the armature circuit.
Maxwell's equations are used in a right-handed coordinate system. To use them in a left-handed system, without having to change the equations, the polarity of magnetic fields has to be made opposite (this is not wrong, but it is confusing because it is not usually done like this).

H is the magnetic field strength (in units of A/m), which you can get by dividing the magnetic flux B by a constant called the permeability, μ (B = μH), and J is the current density, defined by: 

J = ∫ρvdA 

v is a vector field called the drift velocity. It describes the speeds of the charge carriers that have a density described by the scalar function ρ.

In free space, the permeability μ is the permeability of free space, μ, which is "exactly" 4π×10 W/A·m, by definition. Also, the permittivity is the permittivity of free space ε. So, in free space, the equation is:

The next integral form says the same thing:

"s" is the edge of the open surface "A" (any surface with the curve "s" as its edge is okay here), and "I" is the current encircled by the curve "s" (the current through any surface is defined by the equation: "I" = ∫"J·dA)."

If the electric flux density does not change very fast, the second term on the right hand side (the displacement flux) is very small and can be left out, and then the equation is the same as Ampere's law.

There are only two covariant Maxwell Equations, because the covariant field vector includes the electrical and the magnetical field.

"Mathematical note: In this section the abstract index notation will be used."

In special relativity, Maxwell's equations for the vacuum are written in terms of four-vectors and tensors in the "manifestly covariant" form. This has been done to show more clearly the fact that Maxwell's equations (in vacuum) take the same form in any inertial coordinate system. This is the "manifestly covariant" form:

and

The second equation is the same as:

Here formula_38 is the 4-current, formula_39 is the field strength tensor (written as a 4 × 4 matrix), formula_40 is the Levi-Civita symbol, and formula_41 is the 4-gradient (so that formula_42 is the d'Alembertian operator). (The formula_43 in the first equation is implicitly summed over, according to Einstein notation.) The first tensor equation says the same thing as the two inhomogeneous Maxwell's equations: Gauss' law and Ampere's law with Maxwell's correction. The second equation say the same thing as the other two equations, the homogeneous equations: Faraday's law of induction and the absence of magnetic monopoles.

formula_38 can also be described more explicitly by this equation: formula_45 (as a contravariant vector), where you get formula_38 from the charge density ρ and the current density formula_47. The 4-current is a solution to the continuity equation:

formula_48

In terms of the 4-potential (as a contravariant vector) formula_49, where φ is the electric potential and formula_50 is the magnetic vector potential in the Lorentz gauge formula_51, "F" can be written as:

which leads to the 4 × 4 matrix rank-2 tensor:

The fact that both electric and magnetic fields are combined into a single tensor shows the fact that, according to relativity, both of these are different parts of the same thing—by changing frames of reference, what looks like an electric field in one frame can look like a magnetic field in another frame, and the other way around.

Using the tensor form of Maxwell's equations, the first equation implies 

formula_54
(See Electromagnetic four-potential for the relationship between the d'Alembertian of the four-potential and the four-current, expressed in terms of the older vector operator notation).

Different authors sometimes use different sign conventions for these tensors and 4-vectors (but this does not change what they mean).

formula_39 and formula_56 are "not" the same: they are related by the Minkowski metric tensor formula_57: formula_58. This changes the sign of some of "F"'s components; more complex metric dualities can be seen in general relativity.


Henry Knox

Henry Knox (1750-1806) was a military leader for the Americans during the American Revolutionary War. Originally from Boston, Massachusetts, he was appointed Chief Artillery Officer of the Continental Army. He is best known for transporting cannons and other artillery from Fort Ticonderoga to Boston through icy conditions using oxen. Later, George Washington named him the first Secretary of War. 

Fort Knox in Kentucky & Maine are named after him.

American Revolutionary War

The American Revolutionary War was a war fought between Great Britain and the original Thirteen Colonies in North America from 1775 to 1783. Most of the fighting was in North America and other places. The Continental Army, the rebel army, was led by George Washington and helped by France and Spain. They defeated the British Army after the British moved their attention to other matters.

After the war ended, the Thirteen Colonies became independent, which meant that the British Empire was no longer in charge of them. They became the first 13 states of a new country which they called the United States. 

Before the American Revolutionary War, another war occurred called the French and Indian war. The French and Indian war was fought between France and Britain and started in 1754. Britain lost a lot of money from this, so they began taxing Americans to gain it back. 

The war started after years of problems between the British Empire and the colonists of North America after the French and Indian War (also called the Seven Years' War). People in the Thirteen Colonies disliked many of the actions of the British government, such as the Intolerable Acts. For many years, the British government decided the countries that could trade with the colonies instead of letting the colonies decide for themselves. Many colonists wanted free trade.

In 1765, the British Parliament needed money to pay back the debt for the French and Indian War. They passed a Law called the Stamp Act. This law said that colonists had to buy stamps for legal papers, newspapers, and even playing cards, as other British people did. The money from the stamps went to the King. The colonies did not follow this law. The colonies kept refusing to do what the King wanted. The Boston Tea Party and Boston Massacre caused people to become more angry about the situation. The British sent more soldiers (who were called Red Coats by the colonists to insult them) to keep control of the colonies and they sometimes had to fight. In 1774, the British passed the Intolerable Acts to punish the colonists in Boston for the Boston Tea Party.

Not all colonists wanted to leave the British Empire. The "Loyalists", or Tories, stayed loyal to Great Britain. They were not going to change their views. The "Patriots", or Whigs, wanted independence. Before the Revolutionary War, most people in America were Loyalists; but after it, most people were Patriots.

Many colonists wrote letters showing how they felt. Thomas Paine wrote "Common Sense", a famous pamphlet about independence from Britain. Other colonial leaders, such as Benjamin Franklin, John Adams, and Thomas Jefferson wanted independence.

The first battles of the American Revolutionary War were Lexington and Concord. One of the first major battles was the Battle of Bunker Hill in 1775. Then, the British controlled Boston. Soon, the Second Continental Congress sent an Olive Branch Petition to King George III, which he rejected, and named George Washington head of the army. Early in 1776, Washington's army drove the British out of Boston.

A few months later, the Continental Army and the British troops under William Howe fought the New York and New Jersey Campaign. During the New York battles, the British started using Hessian troops, who were from Germany. Though the colonists lost New York, which the British would hold it for the rest of the war, Washington was able to hold onto most of his army. Over Christmas, 1776, Washington crossed the Delaware River and defeated the Hessians at Trenton and the British at Princeton.

In 1777, the British attacked Philadelphia, which was the American capital. Two battles were fought over Philadelphia: Brandywine and Germantown. Again, the Americans lost a major city, but Washington was able to keep most of his army. Around then, the Marquis de Lafayette joined the American Army from his native France. In 1778, the British left Philadelphia.

Between 1778 and 1781, most battles between Washington and the British were inconclusive and had no major effect militarily.

One of the most important battles was the Battle of Saratoga in 1777. American soldiers under Horatio Gates forced a British surrender under John Burgoyne. That led to France and Spain joining the war on the side of Americans, who they thought would win. Both powerful countries fought the British around the world. From 1778 to 1780, there was fighting in the West.

The Scottish commerce raider John Paul Jones also won several naval battles for the Americans over the British, but the French Navy did most of the fighting at sea. The Americans tried to capture Canada several times but failed.

In 1779, the main fighting shifted to Georgia and South Carolina. As the fighting spread northward, General Nathanael Greene led the rebels' campaign. He caused many people in the South to be Patriots instead of Loyalists and won several battles against the British.

In 1781, Washington and French General Jean Rochambeau led an offensive against British troops at Siege of Yorktown in Virginia. When their soldiers lost this battle, the British surrendered to the Americans. However, the British continued to fight the French and Spanish for two years and won in India, Gibraltar and elsewhere.

The American Revolution came to an end in 1783 when a peace treaty was signed in Paris, France. In the Treaty of Paris, British King George III accepted the independence of the colonies and recognized the newly created nation as the United States of America.

The treaty also gave all the land Britain claimed to own west of the Appalachians as far as the Mississippi River to the new country. The land would eventually become part of the United States and lead to the creation of 35 new states (some of them later rebelled as part of the Confederate States of America) that now make up the contiguous United States. Many Loyalists fled to Canada.

As is usual for 18th-century wars, casualty figures (killed/wounded/missing/captured) for the American Revolution are poorly known. Unlike American Civil War casualties, which were published in newspapers, Revolutionary War casualty reports are found in local town histories; total casualties of the Revolution are rough estimates.


1775

1775 was a common year.


Continental Army

The Continental Army was the fighting force of the thirteen British colonies in the American Revolutionary War. It was created in 1775 by the First Continental Congress. Most of the army was disbanded in 1783 after the conclusion of the war. The army was officially closed by a resolution of Congress in 1784. A Legion of the United States partly replaced it in 1792, and the United States Army replaced it in 1796.

Congress elected George Washington as the commander-in-chief of the Continental Army when it was formed. He led the army until it was disbanded.

Cream cheese

Cream cheese is a soft, mild-tasting, white cheese. Sometimes, it is given extra flavor by adding additional seasonings such as puréed garlic, chopped dill, or chopped olives; as well, some cream cheese has small pieces of fruit or other sweet food blended into it. Cream cheese is different from other cheese in that it is not allowed time to mature. It is either made by cream or a mixture of milk and cream.

Cream cheese is often spread on toasted bagels. Waffles with cream cheese and salsa is eaten in some areas of the United States.

Cream cheese is used to make cheesecake, a sweet, rich cake that is served for dessert.


Shrewsbury

Shrewsbury is the county town of Shropshire, a county of England. It is located 9 miles (14 km) east of the Welsh border and serves as the commercial centre for Shropshire and mid-Wales.

The town is very old. It was started around 700 AD. The town centre has almost the exact same medieval street plan and over 660 listed buildings. Many of these buildings have timber framing from the 15th and 16th centuries. There is also Shrewsbury Castle, which was built in 1074, and Shrewsbury Abbey, which was built in 1083. The town centre is almost completely surrounded by the River Severn.

Charles Darwin was born in Shrewsbury and lived there for 27 years.

The population of Shrewsbury is just over 76,000, making it the second largest town in Shropshire, the biggest being Telford.

The town has a railway station and a professional football club, Shrewsbury Town, who compete in League One.

Shrewsbury is twinned with Zutphen, Netherlands.
Shrewsbury Abbey is the setting of the Brother Cadfael Chronicles by Ellis Peters (Edith Pargeter). The books were later made into a television show. The story is about a 12th-century monk who solves mysteries. In 2013, the Abbey honoured Pargeter on the 100th anniversary of her birth.

Telford

Telford is a large town in the county of Shropshire, England. It is in the borough of Telford and Wrekin.

It is a new town and building began in the 1960s. It is known for its large shopping centre in the town centre. It also has an ice rink and a large park.

The population of Telford is just over 140,000. It is the largest town in Shropshire, however the county town is Shrewsbury.

The town has a railway station, Telford Central. The town also has a football club, A.F.C. Telford United.

Ludlow

Ludlow is a town in Shropshire, a county of England. The town is very old and dates back to around 800 AD. There is a large castle and many other historic buildings. 

There are just over 10,000 people living in the town.

It is the largest town in the South Shropshire area.

The town, though not large, is important in its area, which includes the Welsh Marches, Wales and South Shropshire. Its parish church, St Laurence's, is the largest in the county.

The A49, A4117, B4361 and B4365 roads pass through or go near Ludlow.

Ludlow has a train station.

South Shropshire

South Shropshire is an area of Shropshire in England.

It is very hilly and has few people living there. The only large town is Ludlow.

The area has many castles and other ancient features, such as stone circles.

Battle of Yorktown (1781)

The Battle of Yorktown, also called the Siege of Yorktown, fought from September 28-October 19, 1781. It is considered the last major land battle of the American Revolutionary War. The Continental Army, led by General George Washington, won a decisive victory against the British Army, led by General Lord Charles Cornwallis. Cornwallis was forced to surrender after being surrounded by Washington's army.

The Americans were assisted by the French, led by the Comte de Rochambeau. The battle took place in Yorktown, Virginia, near the York River. After the French fleet defeated a British fleet, Cornwallis was cut off and had to surrender to the French and the Continental Army. Eventually, it led to the Treaty of Paris in 1783, two years later.

British General Lord Cornwallis had fought against the Americans in 1776 and 1777. He was convinced the Americans could not defeat a British army in the field. In 1778 he returned to England to care for his wife who died in February 1779. After a few months he returned to America to continue the fight. While he was gone, there was a change in British strategy. Before, the British had concentrated on defeating and destroying Washington's army. Now, since the French had joined the Americans, it was no longer just a rebellion but a world war. Earlier, the French had been helping the Americans with loans and war supplies. Now France and Spain were fighting against the British, who had to move troops from North America to defend other places. The new strategy was to win back the Southern colonies beginning with Georgia. The British thought that as many as 50 percent of the population in the South was loyal to Britain. They would start with Georgia and move north through The Carolinas to the Virginia Colony.

On his arrival in New York City, Cornwallis was made second-in-command to General Henry Clinton. The two generals did not trust each other. Clinton was convinced Washington would attack him in New York. He was afraid of sending troops home and having to depend more on Loyalist militia. Cornwallis was ready to go ahead with what troops he had. Clinton was suspicious Cornwallis' return from England was to get a command for himself. In fact, Cornwallis had secured a commission to replace Clinton if Clinton repeated his threats to resign.

Clinton sent Cornwallis south to recapture Charleston, South Carolina following the new plan. Soon, Cornwallis began acting independently of Clinton, who stayed safe in New York City. Cornwallis wasn't going to play it safe and advance by careful steps as he had been instructed. When he saw a chance to attack the new patriot army under Major General Horatio Gates, he did so without orders nearly wiping out the Americans.

Cornwallis moved carelessly. He left American units, such as the one led by Francis Marion (called the "Swamp Fox"), in his rear. The American general Nathanael Greene noticed this right away. He broke up his command into smaller units in order to plague Cornwallis. Finally the two armies met at the Battle of Guilford Court House, which neither army won. During this time Cornwallis was not sending messages to Clinton telling him where he was. After Guilford Court House, Cornwallis moved to the coast of North Carolina to rest his men. Then, again without orders, he decided to march north to Virginia. Frustrated by this, Clinton sent Cornwallis a number of contradictory messages. Most of them were worded as suggestions rather than orders. But he did order Cornwallis to find a defensible position. This was so he could be evacuated by the Royal Navy, possibly to Philadelphia. Cornwallis decided on the community of Yorktown and his men started building defenses there in August 1781 to wait for the Navy.

In New York, Washington learned that the French Admiral François Joseph Paul de Grasse was sailing north from the West Indies. Rochambeau convinced Washington they could attack and defeat Cornwallis. The two commanders began marching south to meet de Grasse's 27 ships and 3,200 troops. Clinton learned of this and sent a British naval fleet to the Chesapeake Bay to cut them off. But the French and Americans arrived first. In the Battle of the Chesapeake the French navy forced the British ships back to New York City. Clinton warned Cornwallis in early September he would soon be facing American and French troops but promised him reinforcements by sea. Clinton had not yet learned of the French naval victory and did not know he could not rescue Cornwallis by sea. By the end of September, Washington and Rochambeau had surrounded Yorktown. Cornwallis received another message in late September from Clinton telling him help was on the way. Cornwallis was misled again and thought he only had to hold out for a few days.

Just after the clash between the French and British Fleets, a smaller French squadron carrying the French army's siege artillery slipped into the Chesapeake. Now the French and Americans had bigger guns than Cornwallis had behind his earthen fortifications.

Marching out of Williamsburg, Virginia the Americans and French arrived on September 28, 1781 at Yorktown. They surrounded the earthworks in a Semicircle with the York River completing the circle. Cornwallis made the first move, abandoning his outer works made up of four redoubts. Washington and Rochambeau thought this was a mistake. They sent troops to occupy the outer earthworks. The Americans and French began setting up their siege operations on September 30, first on the east side. By October 9, they were close enough to begin the bombardment. The Americans and French stormed two of the redoubts on October 14, forcing the British back even further. By that time it became obvious the British could not hold out much longer. On October 16, the British attacked two of the redoubts they had abandoned and spiked the guns. At the same time Cornwallis attempted to slip past the guards to Gloucester (now Gloucester Point, Virginia) across the river but was turned back by a storm. Finally, with no sign of relief as promised by Clinton, Cornwallis' army of 6,000 soldiers surrendered.

The casualties were about 500 British, 200 French and 80 Americans. Captured were 240 artillery pieces, a large supply of small arms and ammunition, plus equipment. General Cornwallis did not attend the surrender. Claiming to be sick, he sent General Charles O'Hara to surrender for him. O'Hara first tried to surrender to Comte de Rochambeau. Rochambeau directed him to surrender to General Washington. In turn, Washington directed him to surrender to General Benjamin Lincoln who accepted O'Hara's sword. As the British stacked their guns marching out of the fortress, their band played "The World Turned Upside Down". When Lord North, the British Prime Minister, received news of the surrender he cried out "Oh God, it is all over!"

The battles of Saratoga in 1777 and Yorktown in 1781 were two major turning points in the Revolutionary war. Both were American victories over the British, but with very different results. The British defeat at Saratoga prolonged the war, while the battle at Yorktown foretold its end. Saratoga convinced the French to join the Americans against the British. Yorktown was a joint victory by the French and the Americans over the British. France and her allies continued to fight hard for two more years, but there was little fighting anymore on the American continent. The Treaty of Paris (1783) ended the war.


Battle of Saratoga

The Battle of Saratoga is considered the turning point of the American Revolution. The battle was fought in late 1777. It was actually two engagements: the Battle of Freeman's Farm (September 19) and the Battle of Bemis Heights (October 7). The Americans were led by General Horatio Gates. The British were led by General John Burgoyne. On October 17 Burgoyne surrendered his army of nearly 6,000 British soldiers. The American victory helped convince France to come to the aid of the Continental Army. It also helped them recognize the United States. 

In early 1777, General William Howe asked London to approve his plan to attack Philadelphia. This would destroy the rebellious American government. In Canada, General John Burgoyne submitted a plan to move down through New York and meet General Howe at Albany. This would divide the colonies. London approved both plans. Burgoyne began moving down the Hudson River valley from Canada. He split his force into two columns. One, under Colonel Barry St. Leger moved east from Lake Ontario down the Mohawk Valley. They attacked the Americans at Fort Stanwix. The Americans sent two parties to relieve the fort. The second, under the command of Benedict Arnold, drove the British away from the fort. St. Leger's column retreated back to Lake Ontario. Burgoyne continued south with his own column of about 7,000 British and Hessian soldiers. He was joined by about 500 native Americans, allied to the British. 

Burgoyne made a proclamation to his Indians to go out and strike at the enemy. He added that women and children, or any who did not oppose them should not be killed. But men, women and children were killed. One famous incident upset all the colonists. A young woman named Jane McCrea was engaged to marry one of Burgoyne's young tory officers. Indians bringing her to Burgoyne fought over her, killed and scalped her. Burgoyne wouldn't punish the Indian who killed her. This proved he could not even protect friendly colonists. Newspapers in the colonies spread the story. As a result, a great many Americans who had been neutral took up arms against the British. The story even reached England. In the House of Commons Edmund Burke spoke out against the British policy of using Native American allies.

Howe had captured Philadelphia. But it took so long he did not send any forces north to support Burgoyne. On September 19 Burgoyne attacked the Americans who were entrenched on Bemis Heights near Saratoga. He again fought Americans at Freeman's Farm. This time it was American riflemen under the command of Daniel Morgan. American Marksman killed a large number of British and Hessian officers. This was intended to cause confusion among the British forces. Burgoyne lost about 600 casualties. He claimed victory although he was still held in place by the Americans.

Burgoyne tried and failed to attack the Americans again on October 7. But the Americans held out against him. A counterattack led by Benedict Arnold pushed the British back further until they finally retreated back to Saratoga. This battle cost Burgoyne another 600 casualties. The American losses were less than 150. Burgoyne's army was now surrounded by a much larger and growing American army. On October 13, 1777 Burgoyne asked for a Ceasefire. Horatio Gates, the American commander asked for Burgoyne's surrender. But Burgoyne stalled and did not give an answer. The terms given by Gates were harsh. Finally Gates offered better terms. On October 17, Burgoyne surrendered. 

Burgoyne surrendered his whole army of 5,752. He gave up 42 cannons, 7,000 muskets and all his supplies. Officers were separated from their men and placed on parole. Unlike their men they were allowed to keep their pistols. Gates invited Burgoyne to dine with him. The two men were friendly. Each toasted the other's leader. The British and Hessian soldiers were marched to Boston. Per the agreement they were to return to England on their promise not to fight again. While some did return to England, Congress changed the terms. Many were sent to prisons in the colonies to wait out the war.


1189

1189 was a common year.




Horatio Gates

Horatio Gates (1726 - 1806) was an American general in the American Revolutionary War. General Gates fought for the Continental Army and is credited with the decisive American victory at the Battle of Saratoga in 1777. 

In the earlier French and Indian War, he fought along with George Washington against the French, as an officer in the British Army.
However, Gates also lost to British General Charles Cornwallis at the Battle of Camden in 1780. He had a child named Robert. He lead the Americans at the battle of Saratoga

1198

1198 (MCXCVIII) was .



1435

1435 was a common year.


Heinrich-Heine-University

Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf (HHU) () is the university of Düsseldorf, Germany, named after the most famous son of Düsseldorf, the poet Heinrich Heine.

In the era of Napoleon Bonaparte there was the first university in Düsseldorf, which ended after Napoleon surrendered.
So in the further 19th century there was only a Medical Academy and the famous Arts School of Düsseldorf and a Teacher Academy (Special University only for studying to became a teacher) until the 1970s, but no regular university, in Düsseldorf. In the 1960s the state government of North Rhine-Westphalia decided to have a regular university in the state's capital. The university started about 1970.
It got its name only in the 1980s, because the medicine faculty wanted to have a physician's name, because of the tradition as Medical Academy.

Currently the Heinrich-Heine-University is a university with about 20,000 students, which is middle-class in Germany.
It has a lot of subjects in sciences, arts, economics, and so on. The deep points are on biological-medicinal research in sciences and some deep points in arts, economics, political sciences, and philosophy.

Like most German universities it has many subjects:

1239

1239 is a year in the 13th century and a common year starting on Saturday. It was also the last year of the 1230s decade.


Siberian tiger

The Siberian tiger or Amur tiger ("Panthera tigris tigris") is the largest felid in the world. They live in eastern Russia's birch forests, and there are some in China and North Korea. It is estimated that there are around 400 to 500 Siberian tigers left in the wild.

In 2017, the Cat Specialist Group revised felid taxonomy and now recognizes all the tiger populations in mainland Asia as P. t. tigris.

Siberian tigers are the largest of all tigers, as well as the largest of all the big cats. They can grow up to the length of 10-12 ft (3–3.65 meters), but some can be as long as . They usually weigh around 550–750 pounds, and weigh 650 pounds on average. To keep themselves from becoming cold in the winters, Siberian tigers have thicker fur coats than tigers which live in southern Asia. They also have a thick layer of fat which helps keep them warm. Like all other tigers, Siberian tigers have orange fur with black stripes. Siberian tigers have extra fur around their necks and paws which helps them keep warm. Siberian tigers have less orange in their coats, and have fewer stripes.

Siberian tigers are located in northeast China, the Russian Far East and parts of North Korea. This region is called the "Amur Region", which is named after the Amur River. This region is covered with mountainous areas and coniferous forests. In the summer, the temperature is between mild and hot. In the winter, it may be very cold, especially at higher altitudes.

Like other tigers, the Siberian tiger likes to live on its own. Each Siberian tiger has its own large amount of territory. Male tigers' territories will usually cross those of several females' territories, but will usually not cross the territories of other males. In their territories, Siberian tigers usually have a lair in a cave or another area.

Since Siberian tigers live in such cold regions, an adult needs to eat at least of food every day to survive, but adults can eat as much as 50 kilograms of meat. Siberian tigers are carnivores. Siberian tigers are apex predators. Siberian tigers feed mainly on wild boar, moose and deer. If regular prey is unavailable they will eat fish, rodents, rabbits, wolves, asian black bears, and even small brown bears. During normal conditions, around 50 percent of the tiger's diet will be of wild boar.

While hunting, a Siberian tiger can run up to speeds of , but running at this speed takes a lot of energy, so the Siberian tiger will only run short distances. The Siberian tiger has good night vision and likes to hunt during the night, when it can more easily surprise its prey. It also has excellent hearing and sense of smell which it uses to find and attack prey.

Siberian tigers live alone and only come together in mating season. The mating season usually begins in December, and lasts through January. Females are pregnant for around three to three and a half months before giving birth to their cubs in early spring. Females usually give birth to around 3–4 cubs at a time. When born, the Siberian tiger cub is blind and toothless and is no larger than a normal house cat. It stays blind for around two weeks. The mother starts teaching the cubs how to hunt when the cubs are around 1 year old. The cubs then stay with their mother until they are 3–5 years old.


Cassette

Cassette may mean:
Some of kinds of cassettes are:

Audio cassette

An audio cassette is a type of cassette which can store music and sounds. To play a tape, a cassette player or cassette recorder is used. This is also known as a cassette deck, by analogy with reel-to-reel decks. Cassettes store the sound on a magnetic tape that is wound around the two reels in the cassette. Like vinyl records, most cassettes have two sides, called the A-side and B-side. The listener flips the cassette over to play or record on the other side. Some players have auto-reverse, meaning they can play both sides on their own. Cassettes have a tab in the upper left corner that can be removed to prevent accidentally recording over the tape. Cassettes typically hold anywhere from a few minutes up to an hour of audio per side. The longer the tape, the thinner it must be. Tapes longer than 60 minutes (30 minutes per side), and especially those longer than 90 minutes (45 minutes per side), tend to be fragile and more likely to break or get jammed inside the player.

The standard audio cassette was invented in 1962 by Lou Ottens of the Philips company. They named it the "Compact Cassette". The first cassettes and cassette recorders had poor audio quality. They were used for recording speech rather than music. Over time, audio quality improved, and they became usable for music. During the 1970s, the cassette grew to be a popular physical format for . Their popularity grew further during the following decades. The Walkman, released in 1979, made the cassette very popular in the 1980s. In the 1990s, CDs became more popular than cassettes for prerecorded music, however the cassette remained the most popular format for homemade recordings until CD recorders became affordable in the early 2000s.

Some early home computers, such as the Commodore 64, used cassettes to store data or computer programs. Some cassettes were marketed specifically for data, although these cassettes were not physically different from those used for audio. Software and games were also sold on cassettes. In the late 1980s, higher-capacity tape formats, floppy disks, and CD-ROMs made this usage of the cassette obsolete. Another format called D/CAS (Data Cassette), sometimes called a streamer cassette, was also available. It was based on the audio cassette, but it had a different formulation of tape that was designed for data only, and used a special tape drive that was incompatible with normal cassettes. It could store up to 600 MB of data. Unlike normal cassettes, it had only one side.

There are four types of cassettes, each using a different magnetic particle bonded to the plastic tape stock. The tape type alone is not an indicator of the quality of the tape; there are high-quality and poor-quality examples of all four types.

Hybrid formats also exist, for example cobalt tapes meant to be recorded as a Type I or metal particle tapes meant to be recorded as a Type II.

As compact discs grew in popularity, cassettes were used less. In 2011, the Oxford English Dictionary attempted to remove the word "cassette tape" from a small version of its book. Cassettes are still popular with some audiophiles, as it is an analog format that is portable and more convenient than vinyl.

Several media formats have been developed to replace the cassette. Among these are the Elcaset, stereo microcassette, Digital Audio Tape, Digital Compact Cassette, MiniDisc, and CD-R. With the exception of CD-R, none of these formats ever surpassed the popularity of the cassette.

1694

1694 was a common year.


Fight Club

Fight Club is a 1999 American drama movie. It stars Edward Norton, Brad Pitt, and Helena Bonham Carter. The movie was directed by David Fincher. It is based on a novel of the same name by Chuck Palahniuk.

The story is about an unnamed character's path during a dark form of personal enlightenment (or eternal happiness) which is achieved primarily through fighting. The story is dark and, in both the book and the movie, contains strong depictions of violence. There are a large number of metaphors which are revealed in its complex and twisted storyline. Some would think that the morals and life guidelines taught in the story would be an extreme form of Buddhism, such as the idea of detachment from material possessions (things). The central character has dissociative identity disorder.



Top of the Pops

Top of the Pops is a British music show, which featured popular artists performing their songs. It started in 1964 and ended in 2006 because not enough people were watching it any more. It was hosted by many presenters over the years, most notably by Sir Jimmy Savile, who opened the very first show on New Year's Day 1964 on BBC1.

TOTP2 (Top of the Pops 2) is a variant of the show. However, it featured a collection of archive performances by artists spanning the past four decades.

The show was regularly hosted by Steve Wright, up until 2009, when Mark Radcliffe replaced him. A new episode of the programme is shown on 25 December each year.

Trinidad and Tobago

Trinidad and Tobago (officially called the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago) is a country in the south Caribbean Sea. It is 11 km (7 miles) away from Venezuela. The country has two bigger islands, Trinidad and Tobago, and many smaller islands. The capital is Port-of-Spain. The country has about 1,262,366 people in it.

Trinidad and Tobago received independence from the United Kingdom on August 31, 1962. Before that, it was ruled by the U.K. Right now, the head of state (person who is in charge of the country) is Ms Paula-Mae Weekes. The head of government (person who is in charge of the government) are Prime Minister Keith Rowley and President Paula-Mae Weekes.

Trinidad and Tobago is very diverse. It has people of many different races and religions. There are people who are children of Africans, Europeans, Arabs, Indians, and Chinese who moved to the islands a long time ago. The biggest religions in the country are Christianity and Hinduism. There are also Islam and African religions in the country. Trinidad and Tobago was home to the indigenous Caribs.

The country has some natural gas beneath the ground and underwater in the ocean. Natural gas is a liquid that makes machines work and heats houses. Also, many people called tourists visit the islands. They take pictures and learn about the islands.

The people in the country are famous for their music and artists such as Nicki Minaj and Haddaway. They also play football and cricket.

The population of Trinidad and Tobago is 1.17 million as of (2002). The ethnic groups of the population are: 



Mount St. Helens

Mount St. Helens is a volcano in the U.S. state of Washington. It is 96 miles (154 km) south of Seattle and 53 miles (85 km) northeast of Portland, Oregon. The volcano is in Cascade Range of mountains. It is part of the Cascade Volcanic Arc in the Pacific Ring of Fire that includes over 160 active volcanos. This is a deadly volcano.

Mount St. Helens was first called "Louwala-Clough", which means "smoking" or "fire mountain" in the language of the Native American Klickitat people. This volcano is well known for its explosions and flows of lava. Its most famous volcanic eruption was on May 18, 1980. In 1982, U.S. President Ronald Reagan and the United States Congress made the Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument, a 110,000 acre (445 km²) area around the volcano that is also a part of the Gifford Pinchot National Forest.

The 1980 eruption was the deadliest and most economically destructive volcanic event in the history of the United States. 57 people were killed; 250 homes, 47 bridges, 15 miles of railways, and 185 miles of highway were destroyed. A massive debris avalanche was triggered by an earthquake measuring 5.1 on the Richter scale. This caused the eruption, which reduced the height of the mountain's summit from to and replacing it with a wide horseshoe-shaped crater. The earthquake was caused by a sudden surge of magma from the Earth's mantle. The debris avalanche was up to 0.7 cubic miles (3.1 cubic kilometers) in volume.

Before the eruption in 1980, Mount St. Helens was the fifth-highest peak in Washington State. The peak rose more than 5,000 feet (1,525 m) above its base, where it rises from the ridges that are around it. It stood out from the surrounding hills because of the symmetrical cone shape and the snow that covered the top. Because of its cone-shape, it was called the "Mount Fuji of America", after the famous Mount Fuji which is a symbol of Japan.

In the months before the large eruption that took place on May 18, 1980, there were many signs of volcanic activity. On March 20, 1980, Mount St. Helens was the center of a magnitude 4.2 earthquake. Steam venting from the volcano started on March 27. By the end of April, the north side of the volcano started to grow larger.

On May 18, a second earthquake of magnitude 5.1 made a huge part of the north face of the volcano collapse. It was the largest known debris avalanche in recorded history. At 8:32 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time, the magma inside of St. Helens exploded. On the Volcanic Explosivity Index scale, the eruption was rated a five, which is the same rating of the famous Vesuvius eruption in 79 AD.

For more than nine hours, ash erupted from the volcano, rising into the air for 12 to 16 miles (20 to 27 km) above sea level in the air. This cloud rising from a volcano is called a "plume". The pyroclastic flow of heated rocks and gas that poured out of the Volcano spread over an area of over 230 square miles (600 km²), destroying plants and buildings. The ash spread east at about 60 miles per hour (95 km/h), with some ash reaching Idaho by about 12:00 pm, almost 3.5 hours after the eruption. By about 5:30 pm the plume of ash became smaller. Through the night and for several days after, there were smaller eruptions.

As well as the effect of the fast-moving hot gasses and stones from the explosion, the collapse of the northern side of Mount St. Helens caused "lahars", or volcanic mudflows. These were mixtures of volcanic ash with melted ice and snow. The lahars went many miles down the Toutle and Cowlitz rivers, destroying bridges and killing many trees. A total of 3.9 million cubic yards (3.0 million m³) of material was carried 17 miles (27 km) south into the Columbia River by the lahars.
The St. Helens May 18 eruption released 24 megatons of thermal energy. It released more than 0.67 cubic miles (2.8 cubic km) of ash and other material. The collapse of the north side of the volcano shortened St. Helens' height by about 1,300 feet (400 m) and left a volcanic crater one to two miles (1.6 to 3.2 km) wide and half of a mile (800 m) deep. The eruption 
killed 57 people, nearly 7,000 game animals (deer, elk, and bear), and about 12 million fish from a fish farm. It destroyed or damaged over 200 homes, 185 miles (300 km) of highway and of railways.

Between 1980 and 1986, more volcanic activity continued at Mount Saint Helens, with a new lava dome made in the crater. Several small explosions and eruptions took place, making more lava domes. From December 7, 1989 to January 6, 1990, and from November 5, 1990 to February 14, 1991, the volcano erupted with sometimes huge clouds of ash.

The ash reached a number of states, as far east as Montana and as south as Colorado.

Magma bubbles came to the top of the volcano on about October 11, 2004, and a new lava dome was made on the first dome's south side. This new dome grew throughout 2005 and into 2006. Several new features were seen, such as the "whaleback," which is solid magma being pushed to the top of the volcano by magma under it. These features do not last long and break down soon after they are formed. On July 2, 2005, the tip of the whaleback broke off, and a rockfall sent ash several hundred meters into the air.

Mount St. Helens showed important new activity on March 8, 2005, when a 36,000-foot (11,000 m) plume of steam and ash came from the volcano. The plume was seen from as far away as Seattle, a city that is 96 miles away. This fairly small eruption took place because of a new lava dome being formed and a 2.5 magnitude earthquake.

Another feature that grew from the dome is a "fin" or "slab." About half the size of a football field, the large volcanic rock was being moved up as fast as 6 feet (2 m) per day. In mid-June 2006, the slab had rockfalls very often, but was still being pushed up from inside the volcano.

On October 22, 2006, at 3:13 p.m. PST, a magnitude 3.5 earthquake broke the lava dome. The resulting collapse and avalanche sent an ash plume 2,000 feet (610 m) over the crater, although it quickly disappeared.

On December 19, 2006, a large white plume of steam was seen, and some journalists from the media thought there had been a small eruption. However, the Cascades Volcano Observatory of the United States Geological Survey says that there was no large ash plume, so it could not have been an eruption. The volcano has been erupting on occasion since October 2004.


Oder-Neisse line

The Oder-Neisse line (named after the Oder and Neisse rivers) is the border between Germany and Poland since the end of the Second World War. As a result of the defeat Germany lost a part of its territory to Poland. Previously, the German Empire had to cede the former Prussian provinces of Posen and Westpreußen, as well as parts of upper Silesia, to the newly founded Polish state after the First World War in 1919. In earlier centuries these territories were part of the . They were annexed to the Kingdom of Prussia, as a result of the of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth by the , the Holy Roman Empire and the Russian Empire. 

Most of the ethnically-German part of the population of these provinces, alongside most of the German minority population in what was Poland before the Second World War (), either fled before the to central and western Germany or were forcibly resettled later. It should be noted here that German citizens of Polish descent and ethically-Polish residents of these regions and other parts of Germany faced systematic discrimination, internment in concentration camps, property-confiscations, forced-resettlement and expulsion under the Nazi administration.

Jimmy Wales

Jimmy Donal "Jimbo" Wales (; born August 7, 1966) is an American-born British Internet entrepreneur. He is one of the people who started Wikipedia and Wikia. Wales was born in Huntsville, Alabama, United States. There, he went to Randolph School. He then earned bachelor’s and master’s degrees in finance. In 1996, he and two partners started Bomis. Bomis was an Internet portal with entertainment and adult content. The company gave money for Nupedia (2000–2003) and, after that, Wikipedia.

Wales has been married three times. He also has three children. Jimmy is of Jewish ancestry When he was 20, Wales married Pam. Pam was a worker at a store in Alabama. He met his second wife, Christine Rohan, through a friend in Chicago. They had a daughter before their marriage ended. Wales moved to San Diego in 1998. In 2002, he moved again to Florida. In 2007, he still lived there. As of 2012 he lives in London, England. In 2012, Wales married Kate Garvey, a government worker for Tony Blair. Wales has three daughters: one with Rohan and two with Garvey.

Wales says that he follows the ideas of Objectivism. He also says that he is a libertarian to some extent, meaning that he thinks people should be allowed to do whatever they want so long as they do not hurt others.

On January 15, 2001, with Larry Sanger and others, Wales started Wikipedia. Wikipedia is a free, open content encyclopedia. It grew and became popular very quickly. As Wikipedia became known to the public, he became the project’s promoter and spokesperson. He is often called a co-founder of Wikipedia, though he has argued against the "co-" part. He said he was the only founder. Wales is on the Board of Trustees of the Wikimedia Foundation. In 2004, he co-founded Wikia, a wiki-hosting service which tries to make money. In 2015, Wales started the Jimmy Wales Foundation for freedom of expression, to try to help bloggers or internet activists who are in prison.

Exeter

Exeter is a city in South West England on the River Exe, from which it takes its name. It is the county town of Devon. Just over 100,000 live there. In the city are a ruined castle, much of the old Roman city wall, and Exeter Cathedral.
Exeter was built by the Romans, who called it "Isca Dumnoniorum" (Isca of the Dumnonii, the local British tribe). After the Romans left and the Anglo-Saxons moved into the area in the seventh century, the name changed to Exeter. In the 1060s, Exeter was a centre of resistance to the Norman conquest.

In 1050, the Bishop of Crediton moved to Exeter; from then until 1876 the bishops were the heads of the church in the whole of Devon and Cornwall. Now, only Devon is within the Exeter diocese.
Today it is home to the Meteorological Office, which forecasts the country's weather.

United States Congress

The United States Congress is the legislative, or law making, branch of the United States government. It meets in the United States Capitol.

It has two houses (parts): The United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate. This two house system is known as a bicameral ("bi" is the Latin word for "two", and "camera" is Latin for "chamber" or "room") legislature. There are 435 Representatives in Congress, split between the states based on how many people live in the state. There are 100 Senators in Congress, with two coming from each state.

The primary duty of Congress is to write, debate, and pass bills (laws they want). For Congress to pass a bill, both houses must pass exactly the same bill. For each house to pass a bill, more than half of its members must vote in favor of passing the bill. After both houses pass the same bill, this bill is then sent to the President. If the President agrees the bill should be a law he or she signs the bill within 10 days. If the president does not agree, then he or she can veto the bill and send it back to Congress. If the bill is neither signed nor vetoed by the president within 10 days, the bill becomes law anyway if Congress does not adjourn (end its session) within that time. If Congress adjourns within that time, the bill does not become a law. Congress may override a president's veto of a bill by having more than two thirds of its members passing the bill. In that case, the bill becomes law even though the president vetoed it. 

Article 1 of the United States Constitution lists what subjects Congress can pass laws on. 

Members of Congress cannot be arrested, except for certain crimes, during a session of Congress or going to or returning from a session. 

Each house of Congress can decide to expel (throw out) one of its members if more than two thirds of them vote to expel him or her. 

The political party with the most members in a house of Congress usually decides which bills are voted on in their house.


Charles Cornwallis

Lord Charles Cornwallis (31 December 1738 5 October 1805) was a British general and colonial governor. He is best known for leading the British forces in the American Revolution.

His parents were Elizabeth, and Charles Cornwallis, 1st Earl Cornwallis.

Cornwallis moved to the 13 colonies in North America in 1776 to try to control the rebelling colonies. He fought at the Battle of Princeton. George Washington led the Americans in that battle. Later, Cornwallis led British forces through North Carolina and South Carolina, where he fought against American forces under Nathanael Greene. In October 1781, Cornwallis's forces surrendered to George Washington at the Battle of Yorktown, ending the American Revolution.

In 1786 Cornwallis was appointed Governor-General of the British colony of India.

From 1798 to 1801 Cornwallis was Lord Lieutenant and Commander in Chief of Ireland.

He died in 1805 because of a fever.

Battle of Princeton

The Battle of Princeton was a battle during the American Revolution. It was fought in January of 1777 near Princeton, New Jersey. The battle came a week after the Battle of Trenton, where General George Washington had led the Continental Army to a surprise victory over the British.

The Continental Army, led by Washington, advanced to Princeton after their victory at Trenton. The army defeated a small British force. A larger British force, led by Charles Cornwallis, was alerted and gave chase. However, the Continental Army burned the bridges behind them and sniped at the British army before escaping to Morristown, New Jersey.

The battle resulted in about 200 casualties (deaths) for the British along with another 300 injured or captured, while the Americans suffered minimal losses. The battle boosted American morale.

Fork

A fork is a tool for eating. It has points called "tines". Most forks have three or four tines. Some cooking-forks have two tines. The tines help you pick up your food. Forks are useful only for eating solid food. For example, a fork would be useless for eating soup because all the soup would fall through the tines and into your lap. Most forks are made of metal. Some are made of plastic or wood.

The word "fork" is also used to describe a two choices of course. A fork in the road would be a split in the road leading in two (or more) directions. A forked tongue would have two parts or tips.

Forks are very common in Western culture. Many countries do not use forks, but instead have their own ways to eat food, such as chopsticks.


Backgammon

Backgammon is a game played by two players. Each player moves pieces around a board. Players roll two dice to find out how far their pieces can move in one turn. The winner of one game is the first to get all pieces all the way around, and off, the board.

The game is laid-out asymmetrically. White's direction of travel is counter-clockwise, whereas black's direction of travel is clockwise. There is no advantage to either side due to this asymmetry.

White moves from white's far right to white's home area on white's close right, in the shape of a right-hand "C" from white's point of view. Black moves along the same "C", beginning from black's far left and ending at black's home area on black's close left. The "C" is the same for both sides - the "C" points to the right for white and points to the left for black.

As shown in the image, some pieces (for each side) begin already in the home quadrant, and some pieces must make their way all the way around. Pieces can be sent backwards to their starting position during play.

The roll of two dice introduces a random component in the game, but Backgammon is basically a game of strategy. 
Usual playing time is around 15–30 minutes for a single game. This can be thought of as something like one particular long "hand" of a card game. An overall championship or round of backgammon involves a number of ongoing single games, with the involvement of points, a "doubling cube," and other complications.

The game has a long history. Games that resemble it have been played for thousands of years. Archaeologists doing excavations at a place called "Burnt City" in modern-day Iran have found parts of a game that resembled backgammon. They have found 60 pieces to play with, and two dice. They could show that the game utensils date from around 3000 BC. These pieces around 100–200 years older than another set, found in Ur, in Mesopotamia.

Cell wall

A cell wall is the wall of a cell in plants, bacteria, fungi, algae, and some archaea. Animal cells do not have cell walls, nor do protozoa. Cell walls protect the cells from damage. It is also there to make the cell strong, to keep its shape, and to control the growing of the cell and plant.

The cell wall is the tough, usually flexible but sometimes fairly rigid layer that surrounds some types of cells. It is outside the cell membrane and gives these cells support and protection, as well as acting as a filter. The cell wall also acts as a pressure vessel, preventing over-expansion when water enters the cell by osmosis. 

The material in the cell wall varies. In plants and algae, the cell wall is made of long molecules of cellulose, pectin, and hemicellulose. The cell wall has channels which let some proteins in and keeps others out. Water and small molecules can go through the cell wall and the cell membrane.

The cell wall has mechanical strength, and supports cell shape. This mechanical strength is its main function:
Although the plant cell wall is strong, it is not rigid or stiff. The flexibility of the cell walls is seen when plants wilt, so that the stems and leaves begin to droop.

Some plants add stiffening material to some of their cell walls. A "secondary" cell wall is an additional layer of cellulose which increases wall rigidity. More layers may be added containing lignin in xylem cell walls, or containing suberin in cork cell walls. These compounds are rigid and waterproof. They make the secondary wall stiff. Both wood and bark cells of trees have secondary walls. Other parts of plants such as the leaf stalk may get reinforcement to resist the strain of physical forces.

Small molecules, including small proteins, can easily get through the primary plant cell wall. Water and carbon dioxide are distributed throughout the plant. The pH is an important factor in the transport of molecules through cell walls.

Around the outside of the cell membrane is the bacterial cell wall. Bacterial cell walls are made of peptidoglycan, which is made from polysaccharide chains cross-linked by unusual peptides containing D-amino acids. Bacterial cell walls are different from the cell walls of plants and fungi which are made of cellulose and chitin, respectively.

The cell wall of bacteria is also distinct from that of Archaea, which do not contain peptidoglycan. The cell wall is essential to the survival of many bacteria. The antibiotic penicillin is able to kill bacteria by preventing the cross-linking of peptidoglycan and this causes the cell wall to weaken and lyse. The lysozyme enzyme can also damage bacterial cell walls.

The middle lamella gives the cell shape, support, and strength. It is made of calcium and magnesium. Even though it is called "middle" lanella, it is the outer part of the cell. The middle lamella is the first wall of the cell to give protection.

Animal cells do not have cell walls. They have microfilaments (the thinnest filaments of the cytoskeleton).

Friction

Friction is a force that acts to stop the movement of two touching things. The energy lost to friction is turned into sound and heat. Two kinds of friction are static and kinetic. Static friction is when the friction is strong enough to stop movement between two objects. Kinetic friction is used when the frictional force is not strong enough to stop all motion. An effect of kinetic friction is heat production. 

Many everyday mechanisms that use friction include car brakes, suitcases, and shoes. Even a person sliding across the floor uses a form of friction.

Some facts about friction are:







Lima

Lima is the capital city (where the government works), and is considered the most important and largest city of Peru. 75% of the Peruvian economy is handled in Lima. 
Lima is the industrial and financial center of Peru, and one of the most important financial centers in Latin America.

It is an important city of South America and the entrance to Peru. Lima is city in constant urban growth. It has a large population. Over 8 million people live in the metropolitan area, which includes Callao Seaport. Lima is the fifth largest city in Latin America, behind Mexico City, São Paulo, Buenos Aires and Rio de Janeiro.

The city was founded by the Spanish conquistador (conqueror) Francisco Pizarro on January 18, 1535. He called it 'La Ciudad de los Reyes' (the City of the Kings). It became the capital and most important city in the Spanish Viceroyalty of Perú. And after the Peruvian War of Independence, it became the capital of the Republic of Peru.

In the 1940s, Lima started a period of rapid growth, with the migration from the Andean regions of Peru, as rural people. They wanted to find better opportunities for work and education. The population, estimated at 0.6 million in 1940, reached 1.9M by 1960 and 4.8M by 1980.

Lima has developed an important tourism industry, characterized by its historic center, archeological sites, nightlife, museums, art galleries, festivals, popular traditions, and gastronomy. Lima is considered Americas's gastronomical capital.

Lima is made up of mainly Spanish speaking inhabitants with over 90% of the population speaking the language. Lima Province has 43 districts, including:

1 - Cercado de Lima

3 - Ate

4 - Barranco

5 - Brena

7 - Comas

9 - Chorrillos

10 - El Agustino

11 - Jesus Maria

12 - La Molina

13 - La Victoria

14 - Lince

17 - Magdalena del Mar

18 - Miraflores

21 - Pueblo Libre

22 - Puente Piedra

25 - Rimac

27 - San Isidro

28 - Independence

29 - San Juan de Miraflores

30 - San Luis

31 - San Martin de Porres

32 - San Miguel

33 - Santiago de Surco

34 - Surquillo

35 - Villa María del Triunfo

36 - San Juan de Lurigancho

38 - Santa Rosa

39 - Los Olivos

41 - San Borja

42 - Villa El Savador

43 - Santa Anita

Cleaner

A cleaner (or janitor) is someone who takes away garbage and cleans surfaces. Cleaners sometimes repair things, and maintain their equipment in good working order, as well as dusting, washing, waxing and polishing.

Heavy duty cleaners often move furniture, large containers of recycled materials and waste, and other objects, and operate large buffers and other weighty equipment. "Light" duty cleaners clean chalk boards, windows, shelves, desks, light fixtures, and ledges. Some duties, like using a vacuum cleaner, can be done by either "light" or "heavy" duty cleaners. Cleaners can clean offices, staircases, kitchens, bathrooms, hallways, sidewalks, elevators, escalators, and other areas. Cleaners can specialize in washing windows, or in cleaning carpets, hospitals, food processing plants, or construction sites. Cleaners who discover seriously damaged surfaces and equipment on their sites can notify specialists, like plumbers and carpenters, about the need for professional repairs.

Cleaners are also alert for security problems, like vandalism, signs of theft (forced windows or doors, missing computers or stock), blocked fire escape routes, lights or fire alarms not working, or trespassers. When these occur, the cleaners promptly notify their sites' Security Officers and Site Supervisors. Janitors know how to keep themselves and their sites safe, by immediately removing hazards like broken class, spilled fluids, and waste from kitchens and bathrooms, and by checking hand rails, floor mats, stairs, automated doors, escalators, elevators, intercoms, and plumbing.

Bovinae

Bovinae is a subfamily of the even-toed ungulate family Bovidae. About 26 species of bovines belong to this subfamily.

Bovines are herbivores, and they mostly eat grass.


The four genera "Tetracerus", "Boselaphus", "Tragelaphus" and "Taurotragus" are sometimes put into their own subfamily "Tragelaphinae", and sometimes with the bovines.

Mongolia

Mongolia is a landlocked country in East Asia and Central Asia. It borders Russia to the north and the People's Republic of China to the south, east and west. Mongolia's political system is a parliamentary republic.

Until recently, most of the people there were Buddhists. Many of them are nomads (people who always move from place to place and do not stay in one home), but this is changing. The largest city, and capital city is Ulaanbaatar. It is where about 38% of the population live. This has been spelled "Ulan Bator/ Ulaan Battor" and other ways in the past. The north and east parts of the country have many mountains. Part of the south part is the Gobi Desert. There are 2,791,272 people living in Mongolia. The country is the 18th biggest country in the world, with an area of .

Mongolia is mainly rural with the lowest population density of all independent countries in the world.

The area which is Mongolia has been ruled by various nomadic empires. This was until the great 'Mongol Empire' was founded by Genghis Khan in 1206. After the Yuan Dynasty collapsed, the Mongols became nomads again. After the 16th century, Mongolia were influenced by Tibetan Buddhism. By the end of the 17th century, most of Mongolia was part of an area ruled by the Qing Dynasty. When the Qing Dynasty collapsed in 1911, Mongolia declared independence. But they had to fight against the Chinese. They were helped by the Soviet Union. In 1921, the world accepted its independence. Shortly after the death of Bogd Khaan, the last monarch of Mongolia the monarchy was replaced by a communist government in 1924, and the country was renamed the Mongolian People's Republic. Up until the fall of the Soviet Union, Mongolia was a satellite state for the Soviets. The Mongolian Red Cross Society was set up in 1939. It has its headquarters in Ulaanbaator.
Following the break-up of the Soviet Union in 1991, Russia's interest in Mongolia has declined. China and South Korea are currently Mongolia's main trade and political partners.

Mongolia is a parliamentary republic. People vote for their government. The President of Mongolia is elected to a four-year term, and cannot be elected president more than twice. The current President is Ukhnaagiin Khürelsükh. He was first elected as president on June 25, 2021.

 Mongolia has a steppe climate. It has very cold winters and mild summers. Recently, winters have become very cold. This has killed many people and cattle. On June 2, 2008, 52 people and 200,000 head of cattle died in heavy blizzards in Mongolia.

On March 1–2, 2008, a heavy dust storm hit northeast China and parts of Mongolia. and ended over North Korea and South Korea on the March 4.

Twenty one people died in a rural Mongolian blizzard on May 8, 2008. Parts of the Chinese province of Inner Mongolia were also affected on the May 8, 2008.

On June 2, 2009, it was said that 15 people and 10,000 head of cattle had died by this date in Mongolia.

April 1–2, 2010 had temperatures plummet to -50 degrees in Mongolia’s Tuul valley, A nomad named Urna said she bought 400 bundles of grass to feed the animals in preparation for more bad weather. The Mongolian Red Cross has said that about 4,500,000 livestock died as a result of the bad weather this year [2010]. Tume, who lives in Ulan Bator, said that he had noticed that there were several really harsh winters in a row too. He blamed climate change, but experts said that overgrazing by cattle had also killed off most of the country’s grassland.

Mongolia known as the "Land of the Eternal Blue Sky" or "Country of Blue Sky" () because it has over 250 sunny days a year.

Mongolia is the world's 18th-largest country (after Iran). It is significantly larger than the next-largest country, Peru. Mongolia does not share a border with Kazakhstan, but its westernmost point is only 38 kilometers (24 mi) away from Kazakhstan.

The geography of Mongolia is varied, with the Gobi Desert to the south and with cold and mountainous regions to the north and west. Most of Mongolia consists of steppes, with forested areas comprising 11.2% of the total land area.  The highest point in Mongolia is the Khüiten Peak in the Tavan bogd massif, at a height of 4,374 m (14,350 ft).

Mongolia is divided into 21 provinces called "aimags". The "aimags" are divided into 329 districts called "sums".
The country has a lot of copper, uranium and other minerals essential to the world’s fight against climate change. The Oyu Tolgoi mine should produce about half a million tonnes of copper by 2030, the 4th biggest copper project in the world. It is run by Rio Tinto. The Mongolian government owns 34% of it. The government plans to increase gross domestic product from $15 billion in 2022 to nearly $50 billion by 2030 and halve Mongolia’s poverty rate to 15%. In 2023 84% of Mongolian exports went to China and 30% of its imports, including all its petroleum products came from Russia. There is a lot of interest from foreign investors.

The official language of Mongolia is Mongolian, and is spoken by 95% of the population. A variety of dialects of Oirat and Buryat are are spoken across the country. Turkic languages, such as Kazakh and Tuvan, are also spoken in the western part of the country.

Today, Mongolian is written using the Cyrillic alphabet, although in the past it was written using the Mongolian script. The traditional alphabet is being slowly reintroduced through schools recently.

Russian is the commonest spoken foreign language in Mongolia due to their diplomatic ties as former communist states. English has been gradually replacing Russian as the second language in order to become part of the world economy. Korean is more common now as tens of thousands of Mongolians work and study in South Korea. Interest in Chinese has been growing because of the neighboring power.


Fourier transform

The Fourier transform is a mathematical function that can be used to find the base frequencies that a wave is made of. Imagine playing a chord on a piano. When played, the sounds of the notes of the chord mix together and form a sound wave. This works because each of the different note's waves interfere with each other by adding together or canceling out at different points in the wave. A Fourier transform takes this complex wave and is able to find the frequencies that made it, meaning it can find the notes that a chord is made from.

The output of a Fourier transform is sometimes called a frequency spectrum or distribution because it displays a distribution of possible frequencies of the input. This function has many uses in cryptography, oceanography, machine learning, radiology, quantum physics as well as sound design and visualization.

The Fourier transform of a function formula_1, sometimes written as formula_2, is given by

formula_3

where:


The inverse Fourier transform is given by

formula_10

A Fourier transform shows what frequencies are in a signal. For example, consider a sound wave which contains three different musical notes: A, B, and C. Making a graph of the Fourier transform of this sound wave (with the frequency on the "x"-axis and the intensity on the "y"-axis) will show a peak at each frequency which corresponds with one of the musical notes.

Many signals can be created by adding cosines and sines together with varying amplitudes and frequencies. The Fourier transform plots the amplitudes and phases of these cosines and sines against their respective frequencies.

Fourier transforms are important, because many signals make more sense when their frequencies are separated. In the audio example above, looking at the signal with respect to time does not make it obvious that the notes A, B, and C are in the signal. Many systems do different things to different frequencies, so these kinds of systems can be described by what they do to each frequency. An example of this is a filter which blocks high frequencies.

Calculating a Fourier transform requires understanding of integration and imaginary numbers. Computers are usually used to calculate Fourier transforms of anything but the simplest signals. The Fast Fourier Transform is a method computers use to quickly calculate a Fourier transform.

1679

1679 was a common year.

1719

1719 is a year in the common era.



Divine Comedy

The Divine Comedy is an epic poem written by Dante Alighieri. It is about a trip through the afterlife. The poem has three parts: "Inferno" (Hell), "Purgatorio" (Purgatory), and "Paradiso" (Paradise, or Heaven). "The Divine Comedy" is a piece of world literature.

"Inferno" is the most famous section of the poem. The poem is about the travels of a man through Christian hell, purgatory, and heaven. Note that "comedy" does not mean funny here, but rather that it has a positive ending.

The narrator, Dante Alighieri, is lost in a forest in front of a giant mountain which symbolizes sin, and is harassed by a lion, leopard and she-wolf. He finds the Roman poet Virgil, who has to lead him through the nine circles of hell so Dante can be saved.

Souls that did not accept Christ are here. This includes atheists, pagans, and the unbaptized. They did not actively sin, but they could not enter Heaven because of their lack of faith and even Hell would not allow them to enter very far.

The punishment for the souls is not physical, but that they have no hope of seeing Christ, so they are mentally punished.

Beyond the first circle, souls are assigned their place by Minos, who wraps his tail around his body a corresponding number of times, and forces them to descend to their appropriate circle.

In this circle souls who succumb to lust. They are the first ones to be truly punished in Hell. These souls are blown around in a giant storm which will last forever. This symbolizes the power of lust to blow one about aimlessly.

This circle is guarded by Cerberus. The gluttons are punished here, lying in cold mud. While in life they were provided with warmth and comfort from their food, in Hell the souls are punished with cold and heavy rain. Cerberus claws at the spirits, rips at their skin, and bites holes.

In life the sinners miserly hoarded their money greedily, while the prodigal spent their money foolishly. Both groups are pushing and pulling great bags of gold as they did in life. The greedy are guarded by Plutus, god of riches and wealth.

In the river Styx the wrathful fight each other on the surface. The river surrounds the city of Dis, where active sinners are located. When Virgil tries to enter, the angels of Hell slam the door in his face. He and Dante proceed to the gate where Christ entered Hell during his three-day trip to release a select few people. During Christ's Harrowing of Hell he broke the door so it could never close again.

The heretics are trapped in red-hot iron tombs.

This circle holds those who were violent in their lives. The people who were violent to people and property are in a river of fire. The depth of their placement in the river corresponds to how much you damaged in life. For example, Alexander the Great is immersed up to his eyebrows. The violent against self are turned into plants and are pecked at and ripped apart by birds. The violent to God and the violent to nature are also here. They have to walk on flaming sand for eternity.

Pimps, seducers, flatterers, simonists, sorcerers, fortune-tellers, false prophets, corrupt politicians, hypocrites, thieves, schismatics, alchemists, and counterfeiters are in this circle. Each punishment is the opposite of what they did in life. Fortune-tellers, who tried to see things ahead of time, are forced to walk backwards.

The traitors to family are immersed in ice up to their faces. Traitors to political entities are also here. Traitors to guests lie in the ice, which covers them completely except for their faces. Traitors to their lords and benefactors are completely buried in ice in various positions.

In the very center of Hell, because he sinned the ultimate sin (treachery against God), lies Satan. Satan is described as a beast with three faces, six wings, and is eternally weeping from his six eyes. Each of Satan's mouths chews on a famous traitor from history. Brutus and Cassius are being chewed feet-first. The center mouth is chewing on Judas Iscariot. His head is being chewed on by Satan, and his back is being skinned by Satan's claws. 

Dante and Virgil escape by climbing down Satan's fur through the center of the earth and out the other hemisphere, where they will climb Mount Purgatory.

Artist

An artist is a person who creates art. This word is used most often for person and activities of 'high culture'. That is for example drawing, painting, sculpture, acting, dancing, writing, filmmaking, photography, and music. Sometimes a person who is very good at their job is called an artist, even if it is not considered as art. A scientist or mathematician can be called an artist.

Wiktionary defines the noun 'artist' (one artist, two artists) as follows:

In ancient Greece there was the word "Techne" which is often translated as art. From this word comes "technical" and America is now the root of words such as technical, technology, etc. The seven muses were the gods of artists in the seven fields of human excellence: • Epic and lyric • History • Choral singing and poetry of love • Music • Tragedy • Religious Hymns • Gay poetry, poetry and rustic comedy • Dance • Astronomy and Geometry.

The word comes from Latin art "ars", that literally means skill method or technique, combined with the beauty of the objects produced. In the Middle Ages already existed the word artist, although its meaning is closer to what we now call the craftsman.

Concept art expresses a series of creations, called classical arts (painting, sculpture, literature, dance, music, architecture and cinema). However, considering someone as an artist is not limited to a series of works or concrete creations.

An artist is a person exercising the arts and produce artistic works. The artist is someone who has a special sensitivity to create a work or activity. There is no specific classification of what are an artist's own activities .In any case, the concept artist implies knowledge of art and at the same time, is a craft that can be professional but not necessarily. The artist seeks to create an object or activity that has a component of beauty. Very beautiful is one aspect cherished by the creators, but not only that. It also seeks to communicate feelings and ideas and form their own world.

An artist is a person able to put their point of view, their way of seeing the world and feel things on a canvas, a sheet or paper. An artist is a dreamer, is a poet, he is a speaker, is someone provided with sensibility sufficient or necessary to make us see things through their eyes.



Jacksonville, Florida

Jacksonville is the largest city in the state of Florida and one of the 10 largest cities in the United States. It is home to the University of North Florida. It is the county seat of Duval County.

It is the largest city in the Continental United States in terms of area. It covers nearly all of Duval County in North Florida. The Jacksonville Jaguars of the NFL play here.

Fetishism

Fetishism can be one of the following:

Heinrich Heine

Christian Johann Heinrich Heine (; born Harry Heine; 13 December 1797 – 17 February 1856) was one of the most significant German poets of the 19th century.

Heine was born into an assimilated Jewish family in Düsseldorf, Germany. His father was a tradesman.
After his father's business failed, Heine was sent to Hamburg. His uncle in Hamburg was a very successful banker, so Heine started learning banking, but he soon dropped it. Then Heine started to study law at the universities of Göttingen, Bonn and Berlin but was more interested in literature than law. He nonetheless took a degree in law in 1825. At the same time he decided to convert from Judaism to Protestantism because of the severe restrictions on Jews in the German states. Only Christians were allowed to have certain businesses or to be clerks of the state. Jews were also forbidden to become university professors, a particular ambition at the time for Heine. Heine himself said, his conversion was "the ticket of admission into European culture".
Heine is best known for his lyric poetry, much of which was set to music by lieder composers, including especially Franz Schubert and Robert Schumann.

His start as poet Heine was made with "Gedichte" ("Poems") in 1821. Heine's infatuation with his cousins Amalie and Therese later inspired him to write some of his loveliest lyrics; "Buch der Lieder" ("Book of Songs", 1827) was Heine's first comprehensive collection of verse.

Heine left Germany for Paris, France in 1831. There he associated with utopian socialists. He met people who followed Count Saint-Simon, who preached an egalitarian classless society.

He remained in Paris for the rest of his life. His only visit to Germany was in 1843. German authorities banned his works and those of others who were considered to be associated with the Young Germany movement in 1835.

Heine continued to comment on German politics and society from a distance. Heine wrote "Deutschland. Ein Wintermärchen" ("Germany. A Winter's Tale"). In 1844; his friend, Karl Marx, published it in his newspaper "Vorwärts" ("Forward") in 1844.
One of the books was burned by the Nazis. One of Heine's most famous lines is now: "Where they burn books, they will, in the end, burn human beings too" ("Almansor", 1821).

In 1851 Heinrich Heine wrote the ""König Richard"" poem. The poem was written in tribute to King Richard I of England and it was translated into several languages.



Cabbage

Cabbage ("Brassica oleracea" Capitata Group) is an edible plant. It is a lot like broccoli, cauliflower or Brussels sprouts. Cabbage is eaten in many ways around the world. Coleslaw and sauerkraut are popular foods that use cabbage. It is also used to make kimchi and borscht, and can also be used in salads. Red cabbage juice can be used as a pH indicator. Cabbages are usually green, but they can also be red.

Cabbages can come in many different types, such as the previously mentioned red and green cabbages, but they can also be in other types. These include white cabbage, also known as Dutch cabbage, and Savoy cabbage.

Pool

The word pool refers to many different things:


Rupee

The rupee is the name of a currency denomination of money) in various countries.

It is used in the Republic of India and Pakistan. It was also used in British India, the former East Pakistan until 1971, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Mauritius, and the Seychelles. In past times, rupees were also the name of the money used in Burma and in the German and British colonies in East Africa. The name comes from a Sanskrit word meaning silver. The rupiah of Indonesia and the rufiyah of the Maldives are kinds of money that also got their name from this word. All of these were previously Spanish dollars.


500

500 (Roman numerals: D) was a common year of the Gregorian calendar. It started on a Friday. The Julian calendar had it as a leap year starting on Saturday, which was used before the Gregorian calendar. The exceptional common year starting on Friday was called 500 when the Gregorian calendar was not in use, of course. The leap year began on the Saturday, and ended on the Sunday, just like the year 2000 did.

It is one of only seven years to use just one Roman numeral. The seven are 1 AD (I), 5 AD (V), 10 AD (X), 50 AD (L), 100 AD (C), 500 AD (D), and 1000 AD (M).


Diesel fuel

Diesel oil or diesel fuel is a type of fuel for cars, trucks, trains, etc, using a diesel engine. 

It is also an oil used for an energy source. It is made from petroleum and from various other sources.

It is named after Rudolf Diesel who in 1892 invented the diesel engine.


Düsseldorf International Airport

Düsseldorf International Airport (; is an airport in Germany. It is eight kilometres from Düsseldorf. The airport has the IATA Airport Code DUS. There is one other airport named "Düsseldorf Express Airport, Mönchengladbach", but that is only a continental airport and has only a few lines, mostly private jets. This article is very old. Needs updating! 

The international airport supports flights to 180 destinations on four continents and hosts 70 airlines. The airport has 800 takeoffs and landings per day.

The airport was opened on April 19, 1927, after two years of construction. However, the first aircraft to land in northern Düsseldorf was the Zeppelin LZ-III in 1909.

On April 11, 1996 there was a fire in the airport, probably caused by welding work on the roof. 17 people were killed, mostly due to smoke inhalation. The terminal building was badly damaged, and was closed for five years. By July 1, 2001 it had been nearly completely re-built and was re-opened.

A suspended monorail connects the terminal building with the InterCity and ICE train station (High speed and extremely high speed trains). The so-called "SkyTrain" travels the 2.5 kilometers between the terminal and station at a maximum speed of 50 km/h. It started operation in 2002, replacing a shuttle bus service, and is not free of charge to use.

Currently, the following airlines operate routes to and from Düsseldorf International Airport:
Before September 11 Düsseldorf International Airport had many flights from the United States. Now the only direct flight to the United States is from Privatair. Privatair has a flight going to New York Newark airport, which is codeshared with Lufthansa.


Sauna

A sauna is a small room or building that is made hot. The heat of a sauna is calming and makes the person using it sweat. This is believed to help people be more healthy though it causes stress on the body by overheating. Today many countries and groups of people have different ways of heating and using a sauna. The temperature is often 80°C in Finnish saunas. The heat can be more than 100°C. Finnish and Swedish saunas have lower humidity (the air is less wet) to make this high heat comfortable.

The Turkish hammam has a high humidity (the air is more wet) and a lower temperature.

Today saunas can often be found at hotels and places for sports and exercise. In Finland, they are more common and are also often in private apartments and office 
buildings.

In almost every house in Finland they have a sauna.

In some cultures, swimsuits must be worn in a sauna. In other cultures swimsuits are not be worn. Swimsuits are more often worn when men and women use a sauna together. Some saunas are only for men, or only for women. Some places have fixed times when each gender can use a sauna. Private saunas may have their own rules.






Joseph Beuys

Joseph Beuys (pronounced "boyce") (12 May 1921 – 23 January 1986) was a German artist who made arts in many forms including sculpture, performance art, video art, and installations. He was an important artist in the second half of the 20th century.

Beuys was born in Krefeld on 12 May 1921, and grew up in the nearby city of Kleve. His family was strong Catholic. As a young child he began his interest in art by often engaging in making watercolours. He first saw modern art when visiting the studio of Achilles Moortgat. At the age of seventeen in 1938, he joined the Hitler Youth, like many young German men at that time. He studied many disciplines before engaging in his art practice, and was particularly interested in natural sciences and history, including alchemy, and medicine. He wanted to become a doctor. During his studies, however, World War II began, and he became a soldier in the German air force. There, he was a rear gunner (gunner in the back) in a military airplane. In 1943 one of his close friends died in a concentration camp.

One fascinating aspect of Joseph Beuys's personal history is the reason he consistently used felt and fat in his works. He said: "For me, fat was a great discovery, because it was the very material that could seem the most chaotic and indeterminate. I could use it with heat or cold, I could transform it with means that are not the traditional ones for sculpture- with temperature, for example. So I could turn the character of this fat from a chaotic and fluctuating condition to that of a rigid form... So I took an extreme position in sculpture and a material that was absolutely fundamental for life and not associated with art.”

Many people believe that this use of felt and fat recalled a plane crash experienced while flying for the "Luftwaffe" in the Crimea in the winter of 1942-43. Beuys claimed that he had been saved by a nomadic tribe of Tartars who, sympathetic to the Germans after persecution by the Soviets, ‘covered my body in fat to help it regenerate warmth, and wrapped it in felt as an insulator to keep warmth in’. In fact this episode was fabricated, partly on the basis of a dream, but he consistently referred to this episode and it can be seen as a private mythology of his.

After the war Beuys studied at the academy in Düsseldorf from 1946 to 1951. For most of the 1950s he was mostly drawing.

In 1961 he became professor of sculpture there, but was fired in 1972 because he said that his classes must be open to anybody who wanted to take them. He thought that classes should be free and he worked in his classes with everybody who wanted. His students protested when he was fired, so he was allowed to hold his studio there, but he still lost his job.

In 1962 Beuys was a member of the "Fluxus movement". They made art together by drawing, sculpting, making music, and literature.

Beuys believed that arts have an important role in society. His first problems with politicians were when he lost his job as professor. In the 1980s he was part of the Peace Movement and protested against nuclear missiles in Germany. He was one of the first members of the Green Party in the 1980s.

Famous works are:

In 1979, a large retrospective of Beuys' work at the Guggenheim Museum in New York City confirmed his reputation as one of the most important artists of his time. He died in 1986 in Düsseldorf.

The web comic Cat And Girl makes frequent reference to Joseph Beuys, including his art (reference 1 reference 2) and cultural references.



Kunstakademie Düsseldorf

The Staatliche Kunstakademie Düsseldorf is the Arts Academy of the city of Düsseldorf. It is well-known all over the world by its most famous members like Joseph Beuys.

The arts school started 1762 as school of drawing by Lambert Krahe (1710 - 1790), in 1773 it became Academy of drawing, painting and sculpturing of the Earls of Palatine.

In time of the Napoleonic Wars it moved to Munich. So the government of Prussia, who annexed the region of Düsseldorf after Napoleon surrendered, to open a new Royal Arts Academy in Düsseldorf. It started in 1822.

In the 1850s the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf became an international well-known arts school. The "Düsseldorfer Malerschule" was internationally known as a special kind of drawing countryside. Many students came from Scandinavia, Russia, and the United States of America to Düsseldorf.





Poet

A poet is someone who writes poetry. Poetry can be written in any language by a poet. 

Sappho was an Ancient Greek poet. She lived in Lesbos, Greece. She was famous for writing lyric love poems to women. She wrote in the Ancient Greek language. 

Famous English poets are William Shakespeare, Alexander Pope, William Wordsworth, William Blake, John Keats, and Percy Shelley. They wrote in the English language. Their poetry comes in different styles and forms. Often their poetry is lyrical and rhymes. 

The most famous American poets include Emily Dickinson and Walt Whitman. They wrote in English. Often their poetry did not rhyme. They lived in the 19th century in the United States. Some 20th century American poets include Ezra Pound, T. S. Eliot, Sylvia Plath, Anne Sexton, and John Ashbery. 

Modern French poets are Arthur Rimbaud and Charles Baudelaire. Rimbaud was famous for his poetry collection called “Illuminations.” Baudelaire wrote of beauty, decay, and spirituality in his famous work “Flowers of Evil.” 

Great Spanish poets are Garcilaso de la Vega, Frederico García Lorca, Antonio Machado, and Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer. Vicente Aleixandre won the Nobel Prize. 

Three Latin American poets won the Nobel prize in the 20th century. They include Gabriela Mistral, Pablo Neruda, and Octavio Paz. They wrote in Spanish. 

Caribbean poets Derek Walcott and Giannina Braschi wrote epic poetry. Winner of the Nobel Prize, Walcott wrote "Omeros" and "In a Green Night" in English. Giannina Braschi writes epic poetry in English, Spanglish, and Spanish, including "Empire of Dreams" 

Ancient Chinese poets are Wang Wei, Du Fu, and Qu Yuan. They wrote in Chinese about nature and people.


Ruhr-Universität Bochum

The is one of the biggest universities in Germany. It is in the Ruhr-Area, in the city of Bochum.

The Ruhr-Universität was the first public university founded in West Germany after World War II (in 1962). Later in the 1960s, education expanded in West Germany and more universities were founded.

The Ruhr-University was the fourth largest university in Germany in the late 1980s and early 1990s with more than 40,000 students. But after the state of North Rhine-Westfalia decided to charge study fees, many students left the university and school examiners do not start studying anymore. Actually the fees were 1,000 Euro in the year (about 1,100 US $), but the Ruhr-Area is traditionally a working class region. Summer Semester 2011 was the last semester with tuition fees. The number or students now is more than 40 000.

The university of Bochum was one of the first to have Bachelor and master's degrees instead of the traditional German Diplom and Magister degree.

Academically it is an upper middle-class university with a lot of international affairs, especially with Eastern Europe and Asia. The Ruhr-University Bochum lost some subjects when the state reduced its budget. The main focuses in research are neurosciences, engineering, European law, plasma physics, solidstate physics, biochemistry, economics, Middle Ages and modern history, philosophy and languages.


Aachen

Aachen ( ; Aachen dialect: "Oche" ]; French and traditional English: Aix-la-Chapelle ; Latin: "Aquae Granni" or "Aquisgranum"; ) is a German city in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It has about 260,000 inhabitants and a well-known university, the . It is also the location of the 1944 Battle of Aachen during World War II where the United States fought Nazi Germany .

The Romans built a spa over hot water springs here in ancient times.

In the Middle Ages, it was the capital city of the Frankish emperor, Charlemagne. The city was called Aix-la-Chapelle by the French.
Charlemagne ordered the building of a cathedral in 786 AD. He was buried in a tomb in this cathedral. German emperors were crowned in the cathedral in Aachen until 1531.

European countries made two important peace agreements in Aachen. In 1668, the first treaty (agreement) ended the War of Devolution between France and the alliance of England, Holland and Sweden. The treaty allowed France to keep most of the towns it had captured in Flanders the year before. In 1748, the second treaty ended the War of the Austrian Succession. In this war, France, Prussia, and other nations tried to take territory from the Austrian Empire. The treaty said that Maria Theresa of Austria was the ruler of these territories. It also gave Prussia the territory of Silesia.

Since 1972, Aachen has been part of the Cologne Government Region.

Marburg

Marburg is a city in Hesse, Germany, on the Lahn river. It is the main town of the Marburg-Biedenkopf Rural District. It has about 80,000 inhabitants and a small, but well-known university, the Philipps-University.

The upper part of Old town, near the castle and above the former village 'Weidenhausen' at river Lahn and a bridge is called 'Oberstadt' (upper town).

There are timber framing houses, similar to some houses in Alsfeld (Vogelsbergkreis).

Cycling trail "Lahntalradweg" along the river connects Marburg with Gießen in the South.

The Lahn valley is surrounded by hill chains called "Lahnberge" and "Marburger Rücken" in the Central Uplands (Mittelgebirge), part of West Hesse Highlands. The city districts Cyriaxweimar, Elnhausen, Michelbach and Schröck are on the other side of these two hill chains.

Akron, Ohio

Akron is a large city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is found near the Ohio & Lake Erie canal. It is home to the U.S. rubber industry, including Goodyear tires.


Philipps University of Marburg

The Philipps University of Marburg is the oldest Protestant university of the world. It was founded by Martin Luther's friend Philipp of Hesse in 1527, during the reformation.

Major areas of research at the university are medicine, nano-science, materials science and near eastern studies.



Youngstown, Ohio

Youngstown is a city in Ohio, United States. It is the county seat of Mahoning County. Part of Youngstown is also in Trumbull County. The town is on the Mahoning River. It is about southeast of Cleveland and northwest of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Youngstown has its own metropolitan area; it is often thought of as part of the Pittsburgh Tri-State area and Greater Cleveland. Youngstown is west of the Pennsylvania state line. It is midway between New York City and Chicago via Interstate 80.

The city was named for John Young. He was an early settler from Whitestown, New York, who started the town's first sawmill and gristmill. Youngstown is in an area of the United States that is often called the Rust Belt. The town was known as a center of steel making. Youngstown was forced to change itself when the U.S. steel industry fell into decline in the 1970s. Towns in the area did not have a lot of business after that. Youngstown also falls within the Appalachian Ohio region, among the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains. The 2020 census showed that Youngstown had a total population of 60,068, making it Ohio's 11th largest city. The city has had a decline of over 60% of its population since 1960.

According to the 2010 Census, the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) contains 565,773 people and includes Mahoning and Trumbull counties in Ohio, and Mercer County in Pennsylvania. The Steel Valley area as a whole has 763,207 residents.

Youngstown was named for New York native John Young. He surveyed the area in 1796. He moved there soon after. On February 9, 1797, Young bought the town of from the Western Reserve Land Company for $16,085. The 1797 start of Youngstown was officially recorded on August 19, 1802.

The area of today's Youngstown was part of the Connecticut Western Reserve. This was a part of the Northwest Territory for settlers from the state of Connecticut. While many of the area's early settlers came from Connecticut, Youngstown also had a large number of Scots-Irish settlers from neighboring Pennsylvania. The first European Americans to settle in the area were Pittsburgh native James Hillman and his wife, Catherine Dougherty. By 1798, Youngstown was the home of several families who were lived near the point where Mill Creek meets the Mahoning River. Boardman Township was started in 1798 by Elijah Boardman. He was a member of the Connecticut Land Company. Also started in 1798 was Austintown by John McCollum. He was a settler from New Jersey.

In 1800, governor Arthur St. Clair made Trumbull County (named for Connecticut Governor Jonathan Trumbull). He named the smaller town of Warren as its "county seat". In 1813, Trumbull County was divided into townships, with Youngstown Township being a big part of what became Mahoning County. The village of Youngstown was incorporated in 1848, and in 1867 Youngstown was chartered as a city. It became the county seat in 1876.

The discovery of coal by the community in the early 19th century helped Youngstown become part of the Erie Canal. The Pennsylvania and Ohio Canal Company was organized in 1835. The canal was completed in 1840. David Tod, who was later Ohio governor during the Civil War, persuaded Lake Erie steamboat owners that coal from the Mahoning Valley could fuel their vessels if canal transportation were available between Youngstown and Cleveland. The arrival of the railroad in 1856 made it easier for more economic growth.
Youngstown's industrial development made the Mahoning Valley different. The community's coal industry made hundreds of immigrants from Wales, Germany, and Ireland come to the area. With the start of steel mills in the late 19th century, Youngstown became a popular destination for immigrants from Eastern Europe, Italy, and Greece. In the early 20th century, the community saw more immigrants from non-European countries including what is today's Lebanon, Israel, and Syria. By the 1920s, this change in the town's population made people who were there earlier upset. Because of their anger, the Mahoning Valley became a center of Ku Klux Klan activity. The situation reached a climax in 1924, when street clashes between Klan members and Italian and Irish Americans in neighboring Niles led Ohio Governor A. Victor Donahey to declare martial law. By 1928 the Klan was in steep decline; and three years later, the group sold its Canfield, Ohio, meeting area, Kountry Klub Field.

The growth of industry made more people from the United States and Latin America come to Youngstown. By the late 19th century, African Americans were well represented in Youngstown. The first local African Methodist Episcopal Church was started in 1871. In the 1880s, local attorney William R. Stewart was the second African American elected to the Ohio House of Representatives. A large increase of African Americans in the early 20th century was because of changes in the industrial area. During the national Steel Strike of 1919, local industrialists recruited thousands of workers from the South, many of whom were Black. This move upset local Whites, and for decades, African-American steelworkers experienced discrimination in the workplace. Migration from the South rose dramatically in the 1940s, when the mechanization of southern agriculture brought an end to the exploitative sharecropping system, leading onetime farm laborers to seek industrial jobs.

The city's population became more diverse since the end of World War II, when a seemingly robust steel industry attracted thousands of workers. In the 1950s, the Latino population grew significantly; and by the 1970s, St. Rose of Lima Roman Catholic Church and the First Spanish Baptist Church of Ohio were among the largest religious institutions for Spanish-speaking residents in the Youngstown metropolitan area. While diversity is among the community's enduring characteristics, the industrial economy that drew various groups to the area collapsed in the late 1970s. In response to subsequent challenges, the city has taken well-publicized steps to diversify economically, while building on some traditional strengths.
The United States Census Bureau says the city has a total area of . Land is of that area, and water is .

Youngstown is in the Mahoning Valley on the Glaciated Allegheny Plateau. The glaciers left behind a plain with valleys at the end of the last Ice Age. The valleys were caused by the Mahoning River crossing the plain. Lakes made by glaciers that dammed small streams were eventually drained. This left behind fertile land.

Dortmund

Dortmund (; Westphalian ]; ) is a German city in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is part of the Arnsberg Government Region

Dortmund has about 590,000 inhabitants and is in the Ruhr Area. There is a university in Dortmund. The biggest soccer club is Borussia Dortmund.

Netherlands Antilles

The Netherlands Antilles was a country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The country was originally a group of six islands in the Caribbean Sea. Some were discovered in 1493 by Christopher Columbus, and some were discovered in 1499 by Alonso de Ojeda.

Aruba, Bonaire and Curaçao are part of the Leeward Islands. They are near Venezuela. Saint Martin, Sint Eustatius, and Saba are part of the Windward Islands. They are near Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Of these, the island Sint Maarten is in fact part of two countries: the northern part belongs to France (as Saint Martin), but the southern part is Dutch (as Sint Maarten).

Aruba left the Netherlands Antilles in 1986. When Curaçao and Sint Maarten did the same thing on 10 October 2010, the country no longer existed. The remaining BES Islands of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba now belong to the Netherlands and are called the Dutch Caribbean islands.

Because the Netherlands Antilles was a part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands proper was also the Queen of the Netherlands Antilles, but the islands' residents had a government of their own. Aruba, Curaçao and Sint Maarten are now separate countries within the Kingdom. All of these places still have King Willem-Alexander as their monarch today.

The last Prime Minister of the Netherlands Antilles was Emily de Jongh-Elhage. The last Governor was Frits Goedgedrag, who is since the 10 October 2010 the first Governor of Curaçao.


Alfred Nobel

Alfred Nobel () (October 21, 1833 – December 10, 1896) was a Swedish scientist, engineer, and weapons manufacturer. He is well known for the invention of dynamite and for creating the Nobel Prize. 

He left instructions in his will that his money should create the Nobel Prize after reading an article in a French newspaper that called him the "merchant of death" and said that he would be remembered for his invention of dynamite and its ability to kill more people than ever before. Nobel left 31 million kronor (the Swedish currency) to the awards after his death on December 10, 1896. The artificial element Nobelium is named for him.

Nobel was born on October 21, 1833. His father, Immanuel Nobel, was an engineer and inventor. His mother was Andriette Ahlsell Nobel. In 1833, Immanuel Nobel was forced into bankruptcy due to losses in his construction company. 


Pharmacy

A pharmacy is a shop where therapeutic drugs are sold. Sometimes a pharmacy is also called a "drug store or chemist and druggist store". The people working in a pharmacy are called pharmacists, druggist or chemists (British English). These people can recognise simple diseases and dispense drugs for some of them.

Certain drugs are special, because they can be addictive, or they change the way other drugs act, or they need to be taken in a special way. These drugs cannot simply be bought at a pharmacy. A prescription is necessary to get them. Medical doctors give out prescriptions, which can then be used to get the drug.

Many pharmacies do not sell drugs only. They also sell beauty products and hygiene-related products, like tampons for women and contraceptives. 

The number of pharmacies in England has been falling. There were 11,500 active pharmacies in 2022— the lowest total since 2015/2016. The number of prescription items given out in 2021/2022 was 1.1 billion, 2.7% more than 2020/2021.

Pharmacology is a branch of chemistry that studies the molecular structure of drugs to find better drugs.


Kiss

People kiss each other, usually by using their lips and mouth to touch each other. However, there are many different types of kiss, with different meanings. Also, the meaning of kissing may be different in different cultures. Most often, people kiss to show love or affection for each other. Sometimes, people kiss as a sign of friendship, sometimes it is a ritual performed to greet someone.

Greeting kisses are not given for sexual passion, but simply a sign of friendship. In many parts of the world, women often kiss on meeting female friends, but men do not. And the female greeting kiss may not actually touch the friend's face. In the past of many western countries men used to kiss the back of a woman's hand when being introduced. This suggests that a direct kiss from a man to a woman was too intimate to be just a greeting.

There are different ways of kissing. People might kiss on the cheeks to greet someone, or to bid them farewell. Depending on the culture it usually does not mean that the kisser loves the person he or she kissed. Kissing when female friends meet is usual in many countries, with some interesting variations. Parisian females often do a rapid double 'air kiss' or 'cheek kiss': a kiss on each side twice, but without lips touching flesh.

French kissing is an erotic gesture. It involves touching tongues while kissing. It is more intimate than other forms of kissing.

A kiss may be a ritual, that is, a symbolic or social gesture showing devotion, respect or greeting. Temples, religious books or icon are sometimes given a ritual kiss. A bride and groom kissing at the end of a wedding ceremony or national leaders kissing each other in greeting, are examples.

It is possible to spread diseases through kissing, but it is also possible to exaggerate the danger. Exotic diseases like herpes and mononucleosis can be spread, but that is rare, and spreading HIV this way is almost unknown. Colds and the flu are much more likely to be spread. Mononucleosis is well known for being spread through kissing. Many diseases that can be spread by sharing drinks can also be spread by kissing.

The upside to this is that, usually, kissing makes people happier. That has health benefits.

Brothel

A brothel is a bar, nightclub or hotel where sex workers are found. People go there to buy sex for money. Different countries have different regulations as to sex work. 

Some countries where prostitution is legal allow it to happen in a brothel, others allow it to happen "on the street", still others allow both forms. Generally, sex work in a brothel is seen as safer for the worker than sex work on the street. 

In some countries operating brothels is legal, in other countries it is illegal. Examples of countries where brothels are illegal are Canada and most of the United States. Brothels are legal in some countries from Europe, for example. A country which has permissive laws regarding sex work is the Netherlands. Laws can be unclear on whether brothels with sexbots are legal or not.

Most of the time, where legal, brothels need to be registered like other businesses. However even if it is legal to run a brothel, there may still be conflicts with the law. Examples of problem cases are:

Brothels have been known for most of recorded history. At first there was temple prostitution in many Mediterranean and Middle Eastern countries. 
In Ancient Greece and Roman civilizations, brothels were established. Sometimes they were licensed institutions. This was first recorded in Athens in 594 BC. Public sources of the time said it was good that Solon installed the brothel. People said this would reduce the problems caused by sexually unfulfilled sailors and workers. It would also fill money into the public purse. This first official brothel was soon followed by many others, and also influenced the creation of special schools in which various classes of prostitutes (from slavegirls to future courtesans) were trained for their profession. In 2017, a brothel was opened with sexbots instead of human workers.

Brothels use a variety of business models:


The third option (the brothel owner renting space and facilities to sex workers) gives some way for the brothel owner to say they did not know what was going on. This is especially the case where sex work is forbidden or restricted. Brothel owners often disguise their actions as running a massage parlor, a bar or a similar venue. 

Allowing such places (while forbidding sex work) can also give politicians a way to save face when they do not want to put laws against sex work into practice.

Latitude

The latitude of the Earth gives the distance north or south of the equator. It is measured in degrees. Latitude is represented by the Greek letter phi, formula_1. It is usually used along with a measurement of longitude in order to pinpoint a location on Earth.

The equator is numbered 0 degrees. Everything north or south of the equator is designated either as north latitude or south latitude. The north pole is 90 degrees north, and the south pole is 90 degrees south. The Antarctic Circle, Tropic of Capricorn, Tropic of Cancer, and Arctic Circle are all circles of latitude.



Jaleel White

Jaleel White (born November 27, 1976) is an American actor. He is best known for playing of Steve Urkel in the television series "Family Matters" and the first English voice of Sonic the Hedgehog.

Chemical substance

A chemical substance is any material with a known chemical composition. For example, water has the same properties and the same ratio of hydrogen to oxygen whether it came from a river or was made in a laboratory. Typical chemical substances found in the home include water, salt (sodium chloride) and bleach. Generally, substances exist as a solid, a liquid, or a gas, and may change between these "phases of matter" when there are changes in temperature or pressure.


South China tiger

The South China tiger ("Panthera tigris amoyensis") is an almost extinct subspecies of the tiger. There are now 20-30 of them left in the wild and 60 left in captivity. It is one of the world's ten most endangered animals and the most endangered of the six surviving tiger subspecies. The South Chinae tiger is also known as the "Chinese", "Amoy", or "Xiamen" tiger.

It can be distinguished from other tiger subspecies by its narrow face, its longer nose, more intense orange colour, short fur, longer legs, and shorter stripes which are spaced far apart from each other compared to other tiger subspecies. The South China tiger has the least amount of stripes out of all the tiger subspecies, and is the second smallest tiger.

A male South China tiger is around 2.3 to 2.65 m (91 to 104 in) long, and weighs 130 to 175 kg (290 to 390 lb). Females are smaller and are around 2.2 to 2.4 m (87 to 94 in) long, and weigh 110 to 115 kg (240 to 250 lb). The smallest length of the skull in males is 318 to 343 mm (12.5 to 13.5 in), and in females 273 to 301 mm (10.7 to 11.9 in).

The South China tiger is a carnivorous predator, hunting its prey by stalking it until the South China tiger has the opportunity to catch it off guard. South China tigers usually hunt large mammals like deer, wild boar, cattle and goats.

The South China tiger is found on mountains, and in temperate, upland forests of southern-China.

Females are pregnant for around 3 to 4 months before giving birth to around 5 cubs. Newborn South China tiger cubs weigh about 1 kg (2 lb) and are blind and helpless. The mother feeds them milk for about 2 months and then the South China tiger cubs are introduced to meat. South China tiger cubs depend on their mother for the first 18 months and then they start hunting on their own.

Windows XP

Windows XP is a version of the Microsoft Windows operating system for personal computers. The letters "XP" stand for "eXPerience". Microsoft released Windows XP on October 25, 2001. Windows XP replaced Windows 2000 and Windows ME, which helped bring the NT and 9x versions of Windows together. It was replaced by Windows Vista in 2006. Windows XP was the second most used computer operating system in the world as late as April 2012. Following the release of Windows XP, many computer makers including (but not limited to) Dell, Hewlett Packard, Acer, IBM, Compaq, and Toshiba changed their computers (mostly laptops) to Windows XP from Windows 2000. You can tell a laptop from that time was initially sold with Windows 2000 if the Windows (WIN) key on the keyboard has the previous Windows logo.

Microsoft stopped supporting Windows XP on April 8, 2014 (except some security updates e.g. in 2019, to address ransomware threats, and to address major malware threats, such as BlueKeep) and Microsoft and authorities warn users against using Windows XP. However, Windows XP remained a popular operating system around the world for a long time. On July 31, 2019, Microsoft Internet Games Services on Windows XP and Windows ME stopped working, and on January 22, 2020 Microsoft Internet Games Services stopped working on Windows 7, for Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 – on April 5, 2021. By August 2019, Microsoft (and others) had ended support for games on Windows XP. As of June 2021, 0.6% of Windows PCs run Windows XP. Windows XP became the most popular operating system from 2001 to 2007, the operating system, individually and pre-installed, selling over 500 million copies.

Home Edition is an edition that was made for home users.

Professional was made for business users, as well as power users. It had advanced management features like backup recovery, Group Policy and could support two Central processing units.

Media Center Edition was for people who liked to use their computer as a television box. It has in basics the same features as Windows XP Professional but included Windows Media Center, a program which could manage TV shows and play music, and even Netflix.

Tablet PC Edition was for users with pen-based laptops and early tablet PCs.

64-bit Edition was for computers that ran on Intel's 64-bit Itanium platform. This should not be confused with "Windows XP x64 Edition", as x64 and Itanium are completely different architectures. Unlike Windows XP x64 Edition, 64-bit Edition has fewer features than Windows XP Professional. Some of these features included NTVDM and Windows on Windows, which means that 16-bit MS-DOS applications will not be able to run. It also was missing Windows Media Player features, but Windows XP 64-bit Edition Version 2003, released in March 2003, added back these media features. Unlike other editions of Windows XP, Windows XP 64-bit edition was discontinued and unsupported on June 30, 2005.

Professional x64 Edition was for users with 64-bit x86-based computers. It has the same features as Windows XP Professional except for NTVDM, and introduced Windows on Windows 64, which lets 32-bit applications run on a 64-bit operating system and processor.

Starter Edition was sold mostly in developing countries. The price was low because Microsoft wanted to fight the high software piracy rate in those countries. It could only be bought with a new computer.

The system requirements for Windows XP Home and Professional editions are:





Crotram

CROTRAM is a group of Croatian companies that make trams. They make a tram called TMK 2200.

Crotram is a consortium (a group of companies that cooperate) made of three companies: Elektroindustrija Koncar(cro. Končar) and Gredelj, both from city of Zagreb, and Duro Dakovic (cro.Đuro Đaković), from Slavonski Brod.

Crotram sells their trams to ZET, the company that is in charge of all the public transport for the city of Zagreb. So far Crotram has only sold TMK 2200s to Zagreb, but they are trying to sell them in other cities.

The TMK 2200 is 32 meters long, and it can go as fast as 70km/h. 202 people can ride at one time.


Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope

Star Wars: Episode IV: A New Hope (initially named Star Wars) is a science fiction movie. It is the first film in the "Star Wars" saga. The movie was released in 1977 and also incorporates adventure, action and drama.

Princess Leia Organa is a prisoner of the evil Empire. She was captured by Darth Vader, who is helping the Empire stop a rebellion, by using the Death Star. Luke Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Han Solo work together to rescue her. They are helped by the robots R2-D2 and C-3PO. With the princess, they try to stop the Empire and bring peace and happiness to the galaxy.




Saint Kitts and Nevis

The Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis (, also known as the Federation of Saint Christopher and Nevis), is a federal nation made up of two small islands in the Caribbean Sea. It is the smallest independent country in the Western Hemisphere.

The capital city is Basseterre. It is on the main island of St Kitts, also called Saint Christopher. The island of Nevis has some rights of self-government and two seats in the federal parliament.

St Kitts and Nevis is about one-third of the way from Puerto Rico to Trinidad and Tobago.

The headquarters of the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank is in St Kitts. That bank controls the East Caribbean dollar.

The two islands were part of the Leeward Islands Colony from 1871 to 1956, and of the West Indies Federation from 1958 to 1962.

The Islands, plus Anguilla, got limited self-government in 1967. Anguilla objected and the Metropolitan Police were sent there in 1968 to stop rioting. Until 19 December 1980 the official name of St Kitts and Nevis was Saint Christopher, Nevis and Anguilla.

St Kitts and Nevis became an independent Commonwealth realm in 1983, Anguilla has stayed a British overseas territory.

In 1970, a movement to make Nevis separate from St Kitts started.

In 1983, the constitution set up a 15-member National Assembly. The Assembly is unicameral, that is, it only has one chamber. 3 members of the Assembly are appointed by the Governor General, on the advice of the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition. The other members are elected. If the Speaker decides to stand for re-election he is automatically elected, without a contest.

In 2023 Terrance Drew said that he planned a public consultation on whether St Kitts and Nevis should become a republic. 

Nevis is responsible for its own internal affairs. There is an eight-member Nevis Island Assembly, and an Island administration headed by the premier.

The country has two main islands, Saint Kitts and Nevis. The highest peak, at 1,156 metres, is Mount Liamuiga. There is also a smaller island named Booby Island. No one lives on Booby Island.

The islands are of volcanic origin. There are large central peaks covered in tropical rainforest. People do not live on the steeper slopes leading to these peaks. Most of the people on both islands live closer to the sea. There are many rivers coming from the mountains of both islands. These give fresh water to the people. St. Kitts also has one small lake.

The federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis is divided into fourteen parishes. There are nine divisions on Saint Kitts and five on Nevis.

These are some of the more important cities and towns in Saint Kitts and Nevis.
Cricket is common in Saint Kitts and Nevis. Top players go to the West Indies cricket team. The late Runako Morton was from Nevis. Saint Kitts and Nevis is the smallest country on Earth to ever host a World Cup event. It was one of the host venues of the 2007 Cricket World Cup.

The St. Kitts and Nevis national football team, also known as the "Sugar Boyz", has had some international success. They went to the semifinal round of qualification for the 2006 FIFA World Cup in the CONCACAF region. Led by Glence Glasgow they defeated U.S. Virgin Islands and Barbados. They then lost to Mexico, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Trinidad and Tobago.

The St. Kitts and Nevis Billiard Federation, SKNBF, is the governing body for cue sports across the two islands.

Kim Collins is the country's best known track and field athlete. He has won gold medals in the 100 metres at both the World Championships in Athletics and Commonwealth Games. At the 2000 Sydney Olympics he was the country's first athlete to reach an Olympic final. He and three other athletes represented St. Kitts and Nevis at the 2008 Summer Olympics. The four by one hundred metre relay team won a bronze medal in the 2011 world championships.

American writer and former figure skater and triathlete Kathryn Bertine was given dual citizenship. She tried to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics representing St. Kitts and Nevis in women's cycling. She did not make enough points to go the Olympics.

St. Kitts and Nevis had two athletes ride in the time trial at the 2010 UCI Road World Championships. Athletes included Reginald Douglas and James Weekes.



Danish language

Danish is the Germanic language spoken in Denmark, the Faroe Islands, and parts of Greenland and Germany (Southern Schleswig). Around 5.5 million people speak Danish. It is used as a second language in Greenland and the Faroe Islands. The Danish people, or "Danes", call their language "dansk".

Here are some simple words in Danish:

 

Niger

Niger or the Niger ( or ; ), officially the Republic of the Niger, is a country in western Africa. The capital is Niamey, and the official language is French. It is surrounded by Algeria and Libya to the north, Chad to the east, Nigeria and Benin to the south, and Burkina Faso and Mali to the west. Niger is landlocked, meaning it has no coastline. Niger gets its name from the Niger River, whose name possibly comes from the Berber word "River of Rivers".

The Mali Empire and the Songhai Empire both had land in what is now Niger. Later France controlled the land that is now Niger. Niger has a population, or the number of people living in an area, of 15,306,252 and an area of 1,267,000 square kilometres. Much of Niger is desert.

After a military coup in 2010, Niger is now a democratic, multi-party state. Most of the people live in rural areas, and have little access to advanced education.

Niger is one of the poorest countries in the world with a lack of contraception. 41.4% live in poverty. Hunger plagues the country.

Niger’s main exports are uranium ore, livestock, cowpeas and onions. Millet and sorghum are grown in the south, as well as cassava and sugarcane. Rice is grown in the Niger River valley. Peanuts are the most important cash crop. Other important crops are cotton and pulses.

Niger is home to the critically endangered addax antelope. West African giraffes are the only giraffes in West Africa that exist in Niger.

Niger is on the border between the Sahara and Sub-Saharan regions. Niger's area is of which is water. It is the world's twenty-second largest country. Niger borders seven countries. The longest border is with Nigeria to the south.

The lowest point is the Niger River, with an elevation of . The highest point is Mont Idoukal-n-Taghès in the Aïr Mountains at .

Zinder Region and Tahoua Region are intermediates between Central Niger.

This table shows cities with a population over 10,000, according to 2001 census.
Niger's subtropical climate is mainly very hot and dry. Much of it is covered by desert. In the extreme south there is a tropical climate on the edges of the Niger River basin. The land is mostly desert plains and sand dunes. There is flat to rolling savanna in the south and hills in the north.

There are several ethnic groups in Niger:

The literacy rate (the amount of the adult population who can read or write) of Niger is among the lowest in the world. In 2005 it was estimated to be only 28.7% (42.9% male and 15.1% female). Primary education in Niger is required for six years. The primary school enrollment and attendance rates are low, particularly for girls. Children are often made to work rather than attend school. This is particularly true during planting or harvest periods.



Zealand

Zealand (Danish: "Sjælland") is an island in the eastern part of Denmark. It is just west of Sweden and a strait called the Øresund lies between the two. It has an area of 7,031 km² and is the largest island in the country.

About 2,268,000 people were living in Zealand as of 2016. Most of these people live in and around Copenhagen, the capital of Denmark, which is on the eastern shore of Zealand.

A number of bridges and tunnels link Zealand to other parts of Denmark. They include:

Brunei

Brunei (officially called Brunei Darussalam, or the Nation of Brunei, the Abode of Peace) is a country in Southeast Asia. It is north of Malaysia on the island of Borneo. The country is rather landlocked by Malaysia. To the north is the South China Sea and the Philippines to the northeast. The capital of Brunei is Bandar Seri Begawan. The country is small and has a small population. The leader of the country is the Sultan of Brunei. Due to the sale of his oil, he is one of the richest people in the world. The official religion in Brunei is Islam. There are also minorities of people who follow Buddhism or Animism. Brunei's official language and national language is Malay. Brunei is one of the smallest Muslim countries in the world.

From the 14th to the 16th centuries Brunei Darussalam was the seat of a powerful sultanate extending over Sabah, Sarawak and the southern Philippines. Thus, the current Sultan represents one of the oldest continuously ruling dynasties in the world. By the 19th century, the Brunei Darussalam Empire had been whittled away by wars, piracy and the colonial expansion of European powers.

In 1847, the sultan ended a treaty with Great Britain and in 1888 Brunei Darussalam officially became a British protectorate. In 1906, the Residential System was established in Brunei Darussalam. A British Resident was nominated as a representative of the British government to advise the sultan in all matters except Malay customs, traditions and Islamic religion.

The 1959 Agreement established a written constitution which gave Brunei Darussalam internal self-government. In 1971, the agreement was amended and revised to assert full internal independence except defence and external affairs.

On June 5, 1966 His Highness Sultan Haji Sir Muda Omar Ali Saifuddien abdicated in favour of his son Pengiran Muda Mahkota Hassanal Bolkiah. On January 1, 1984 Brunei Darussalam resumed full independence and the Sultan took office as Prime Minister, Finance Minister and Home Affairs Minister, presiding over a cabinet of six. In October 1986, the cabinet was expanded to 11 members, with His Majesty relinquishing the portfolios of Finance and Home Affairs and taking over the Defence portfolio which his late father had held since 1984. In 1988 another reshuffle brought about the elevation of the deputy minister to a full minister and the creation of the Ministry of Industry and Primary Resources designed to boost the country's development.

In spite of the sizable non-Muslim population (about 1/3 of the population) and criticism by the international community, the Sultan still announced Brunei's adoption of Sharia law in 2013 to fully enforce on the Muslim majority and partially enforce on non-Muslims. It was expected to take full effect in 2016 after 3 phases, and had begun partial enforcement in its first phase in 2014. It is the first country in East and Southeast Asia to practice Sharia law.

Brunei is divided into four districts ("daerahs") and 38 subdistricts ("mukims").

The daerah of Temburong is physically separated from the rest of Brunei by the Malaysian state of Sarawak.

Over 90% of Brunei's total population lives in 15 of the 38 mukims.

Officially, there are no places in Brunei that have "city" status. Some of the important places are:


Brunei gets most of its income by selling oil. In 2011 the IMF said that Brunei was one of two countries (the other being Libya) with no public debt.

Brunei uses the Brunei Ringgit to trade. However, the Singapore dollar can be used here as both currencies are of the same value.



Bangladeshi taka

The Taka is the currency of Bangladesh. The most commonly used symbol for the Taka is Tk and ৳. This is used on receipts while purchasing goods and services. One taka is divided into 100 poisha.
In Bengali, the word "taka" is also used to mean any money, currency, or notes. 

Bangladesh Bank, the central bank of the country, prints the currency, except for one taka and two taka notes, which are made by the Ministry of Finance.


Bogotá

Bogota is the capital (city) of Colombia. As of 2009, more than 7 million people live in Bogota, which makes it the largest city in Colombia. It is about above sea level, on a plateau. This makes it the third highest capital in the world. With many universities and libraries, Bogotá has become known as "The Athens of South America".The weather is usually nice during the day and cool at night. It has a series of bike paths (trails that are made for bikes) that wind through the city. It has many recreational and amusement parks open to the public. The current mayor is Carlos Fernando Galán.

Originally, Native Americans called Muisca lived in the area. Then, in 1538, Gonzalo Jimenes de Quezada, a Spanish conqueror, founded Bogota. Bogota became a center of trade, art, and education. Some of the oldest universities in the Americas are in Bogota. After Independence from Spain, Bogota became the capital of Gran Colombia in 1819. 

Bogota has had extremely awful moments. In 1948, a presidential candidate, Jorge Eliécer Gaitán, was murdered while doing a speech in front of hundreds of persons. This tragic moment brought with it terrible consequences: one of the most remembered one is the "Bogotazo". The "Bogotazo" started as a political party war, the blue party, self named the "conservatives", began to hunt and kill every single member of the red party, the "liberals". The remaining blue party members decided to create the "Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia" (FARC); however, this group was ironically created to protect the oppressed people from their oppressors. Nowadays, this group is known as terrorists and murderers;nevertheless, Colombia's capital city, Bogota, has not being attacked in the last few years.

Aymara people

The Aymara are members of a tribe of Native Americans that live in Bolivia and Peru. They are native to the area around Lake Titicaca. They speak the Aymara language. They call themselves Aymaras. 

The president of Bolivia, Evo Morales, is Aymara.

The many-colored flag of the tribe is called the Wiphala.

Perihelion

The perihelion is the point in the orbit of a planet, asteroid or comet that is nearest to the sun. It is the opposite of aphelion, which is the point farthest from the sun.

The word perihelion stems from the Greek words "peri," meaning near, and "Helios," meaning the Greek god of the sun. So it is referred to as perihelion. 

All planets, comets and asteroids in our solar system have approximately elliptical (a kind of non-circular) orbits. Thus, they all have a closest and a farthest point from the sun: a perihelion and an aphelion. Orbital eccentricity measures the flatness of the orbit. Any single revolution of a body around the sun is only approximately elliptical, because the precession of the perihelion prevents the orbit from being a simple closed curve such as an ellipse. This causes Milankovich cycles. 

Earth comes closest to the sun every year around January 3. It is farthest from the sun every year around July 4. The difference in distance between Earth's nearest point to the sun in January and farthest point from the sun in July is 3.1 million miles (5 million kilometers). Earth is about 91.4 million miles (147.1 million kilometers) from the sun in early January, in contrast to about 94.5 million miles (152 million kilometers) in early July.

When Earth is closest to the sun, it is winter in the northern hemisphere and summer in the southern hemisphere. Thus it is possible to see that Earth's distance from the sun does not noticeably cause the seasons to change; the relatively minor effects of differences in distance is somewhat masked by the mainly oceanic southern hemisphere vs the half- continental northern hemisphere. Therefore, the Earth's seasons come and go mainly because Earth does not rotate with its axis exactly upright with respect to the plane of our world’s orbit around the sun. Earth's axial tilt is 23.5 degrees. This puts the Sun farther south in December and January, so the north has winter and the south has summer. Thus winter falls on that part of the globe where sunlight strikes least directly. Summer falls on that part of the globe where sunlight strikes most directly.

Johnston Atoll

The island is named after Captain James Johnston, who discovered it in 1807. The island was mined for guano until 1890. After that, it was used as an army base.


Llama

A Llama ("Lama glama") is a mammal of the "Camelidae" family. It is from South America, the Andes Mountains of Peru and Ecuador.

Sometimes the name "llama" is used for all four South American camelids.

The llama was domesticated about 5000 years ago. It was and is used for carrying things, and for wool. The llama was very important for the Incan people. Even today, llamas are used for similar reasons, but will more commonly be used as domesticated pets.

The llama's close relative is the alpaca, who is a more demure, petite animal in comparison to the llama. Llamas have three related cousins - the alpaca, the guanaco, and the vicuña. The llama is the national symbol of Bolivia.

Llamas spit, and travel together. Llamas also have a high content of hemoglobin which causes their blood cells to be oval and not circular.

1840s

The 1840s was the decade that began on January 1, 1840 and ended on December 31, 1849.





Mexican–American War

The Mexican–American War took place between 1846 and 1848 between United States and Mexico. 

When Mexico got independence from Spain in 1821, Texas was part of Mexico. Americans and other settlers came into Texas when Mexico allowed non-Spanish settlers to settle there.

After many settlers came to Texas, disputes led to the Texas Revolution in 1836, when Texas became independent. Mexico refused to recognize the Republic of Texas as an independent country. Eventually, Texas asked to join the United States.

The United States moved quickly to annex Texas after the 1844 election of President James K. Polk. In his campaign, Polk had called for the "re-annexation" of Texas and the "re-occupation" of the Oregon Territory. Polk also wanted California and the rest of what is now the Southwestern United States.

In 1845, the United States annexed Texas. However, Mexico still did not recognize its independence or recognize the annexation. The US offered to buy from Mexico the land extending from Texas to the Pacific Ocean, but Mexico wanted to keep the vast area.

In 1846, a dispute over the border between Texas and Mexico resulted in armed conflict, and the Mexican–American War began. After offering to buy the territory, Polk moved US troops into a place that Mexico said was not in Texas but in the Mexican state of Coahuila. The Mexican army attacked them.

The main cause of the war was the westward expansion of the United States. In the 19th century, Americans believed it was their right to expand westward. They believed they could take over the people already living on the land and have it for the United States. Also, Southerners wanted to have more slave states.

Antonio López de Santa Anna became Mexican president again. Many Mexicans hated him and did not want to follow him into war. Many Americans, including the young Abraham Lincoln, also disliked the war since they thought that it was to expand slavery.

In addition to small units sent to California and New Mexico, the US sent two major armies into Mexico under the commands of General Winfield Scott and future US President General Zachary Taylor.

After the US had entered Mexico, Mexican General Antonio López de Santa Anna took command of the Mexican soldiers in early 1847. The US forces fought Santa Anna near Monterrey and Buena Vista. After Buena Vista, the Mexican army had many problems, including starvation, disease, and desertion. The Mexican government was unstable.

In March 1847, Scott landed at Veracruz. His force included future Civil War Generals Robert E. Lee, Ulysses S. Grant, Stonewall Jackson and George G. Meade as well as Commodore Perry. Scott took Puebla in May and took Mexico City in September after the Battle of Chapultepec.

When American soldiers came to California, the Bear Flag Revolt was happening. Some Californians were trying to leave Mexico and to form their own country, as had happened in Texas. In July and August 1846, American soldiers captured Monterey, Yerba Buena, and Los Angeles. After a counterattack by the "Californios", the Americans had taken much of California by 1847. The Mexican governor of California, Pio Pico, left the state.

The US won the war, and Mexico signed the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo in 1848, which gave the US the area that would become the states of Arizona, California, New Mexico, Nevada, Utah, southwestern Colorado, and southwestern Wyoming. Mexico received 15 million US dollars and gave up its claims to Texas.

The slavery debate in the United States became more intense with the addition of the new territory and the question of whether slavery would be legal in the new territories. Also, many of the officers who would lead troops in the American Civil War fought in the Mexican-American War would use their experiences.

Nevada and California became part of the US with the signing of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. Before then, Nevada was part of Alta California, which is now California, Baja California, Utah, about a quarter of Colorado, parts of Arizona, Wyoming and New Mexico.

The Act of Congress establishing California as the 31st state was part of the Compromise of 1850.


Revolutions of 1848

The European Revolutions of 1848 were a series of revolts in Europe. In some places they are called Spring of Nations or the Year of Revolution.

These revolutions started in January with a Palermo republican uprising. The larger French Revolution of 1848 in February was followed in March by several other revolutions amongst them the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 and the Revolutions of 1848 in the German states. In Ireland, the rebellions began because of famine conditions in their country.

People in the various countries tried to take over their governments.

Edvard Grieg

Edvard Grieg (born 15 June 1843 Bergen, Norway; died 4 September 1907) was a Norwegian composer and pianist who composed in the Romantic period. He is Norway’s most famous composer. He is best known for his Piano Concerto and for his incidental music to Henrik Ibsen's play "Peer Gynt", which includes movements called "Aubade" and "In the Hall of the Mountain King". He wrote many pieces for piano, including a collection of 66 pieces called "Lyric Pieces". He also wrote songs to Norwegian and to German words.

Grieg was born in Bergen on 15 June 1843. His ancestors were Scottish people who had moved to Norway around 1770. The original family name was spelt "Greig".

Grieg came from a musical home. His mother was his first piano teacher. He went to several schools, and started composing when he was young. He used to take his compositions to school, but the teacher did not show much interest in them.

In the summer of 1858 Grieg met the great Norwegian violinist Ole Bull, who was a friend of the family, and whose brother was married to Grieg's aunt. Bull noticed the 15-year-old boy's talent and persuaded his parents to let him go to Leipzig in Germany to study music.

Grieg enrolled in the conservatory, concentrating on the piano, and enjoyed all the concerts and recitals given in Leipzig. He did not like the discipline of the conservatory course of study, but he still got very good grades. The first piano recital he gave was in Sweden. In 1862 he finished his studies in Leipzig and went back to Bergen where he gave another recital.

In 1863 Grieg went to Copenhagen, Denmark, and stayed there for three years. He met the Danish composers J. P. E. Hartman, and Niels Gade. Gade told him to go and write a symphony. Grieg did not feel happy writing a long symphony although he did try. He also met the Norwegian composer Rikard Nordraak who had composed the Norwegian national anthem. Nordraak showed Grieg how wonderful Norwegian folk music was. Grieg had hardly heard any Norwegian folk music until then. When Nordraak died, Grieg composed a funeral march in his honour.

On 11 June 1867, Grieg married his first cousin Nina. The next year their only child, Alexandra, was born. The following summer, Grieg wrote his Piano Concerto in A minor while on holiday in Denmark. Edmund Neupert gave the concerto its first performance on 3 April 1869 in the Casino Theater in Copenhagen. Grieg himself was unable to be there because he was conducting in Christiana (now called “Oslo”).
In the summer of 1869, Grieg's daughter Alexandra became ill and died, at the age of 13 months.

In 1870, he met Franz Liszt in Rome. Liszt had made it possible for Grieg to get a travel grant. They played Grieg's Violin Sonata No. 1 together, which Liszt liked very much. On a second visit, in April, Grieg brought with him the manuscript of his Piano Concerto which Liszt played by sight. Liszt gave him some advice about the orchestration.

Grieg spent most of his time conducting and playing the piano in concerts. He often travelled, and in 1876 he went to Bayreuth to hear the first performance of Wagner’s Ring cycle. He wrote a review of the operas for a Norwegian newspaper.

In 1876, Ibsen asked Grieg to write some incidental music for the first performance of the play he had written about the Norwegian hero Peer Gynt. Many of the pieces from this work became very popular. They are played by orchestras as well as in arrangements for piano or for piano duet.

In 1883 he and wife parted for a while, although friends managed to persuade the couple to come together again and they spent four months in Rome. They built a house called Troldhaugen in Bergen, with a view of the fjord. They moved into the house in 1885 and Grieg lived there for the rest of his life. They continued to travel and give concerts. Nina had a good voice and sang her husband’s songs. Grieg only performed his own works at concerts. During his last years he received many honours.

In his later life Grieg became famous, although never rich. The Norwegian government gave him a pension. Grieg made some recordings of his piano pieces. These are some of the very first gramophone recordings that were made. The sound is not very good, but they show that Grieg was an excellent pianist. He also recorded music rolls on a pianola.

Edvard Grieg died in the autumn of 1907, aged 64, after a long illness. He had suffered from respiratory problems ever since he was very ill in 1860 as a student in Leipzig. At his funeral thousands of people went out on the streets of his home town to honour him. Following his wish, his own funeral march for Rikard Nordraak was played, as well as the funeral march by Frederic Chopin. His and his wife's ashes are buried in a mountain crypt near his house, Troldhaugen.

Grieg was often inspired by Norwegian folk music. This can be heard in his songs and some of his instrumental music. His chamber music includes 3 violin sonatas and a cello sonata as well as a piano sonata and many shorter piano pieces. However, he has become very well known all over the world through his Piano Concerto and his music for "Peer Gynt". Another popular work is his "Holberg Suite" which was originally written for the piano but later arranged for string orchestra.

The famous opening of Grieg’s Piano Concerto featured in a comedy sketch by Morecambe and Wise in the 1970s. The conductor André Previn was their special guest in the sketch which has become a classic.

Palmyra Atoll

Palmyra Atoll is an island in the North Pacific Ocean. No one lives there, but 4 to 20 people use this island, mainly scientists. It is managed as a nature reserve by the United States. It is known as the "Palmyra Atoll National Wildlife Refuge".

In 2005, a team of scientists from around the world started to build a research station on the island. They wanted to gain a deeper understanding of the environment of the island.

Palmyra Atoll was claimed by the Kingdom of Hawaii in 1862, and was taken by the United States in 1898 along with Hawaii. The atoll was not included in the Hawaii Admission Act of 1959, which made Hawaii a state, so it remained a US territory.



Kingman Reef

Kingman Reef is a coral reef in the North Pacific Ocean, owned by the United States. 

It is the farthest north of the Northern Line Islands. It is only sometimes above water. 

Palmyra Atoll is the other U.S. territory in the Northern Line Islands.


Jarvis Island

Jarvis Island (; formerly known as Bunker Island) is an uninhabited island owned by the United States. The small island is a part of the United States Minor Outlying Islands, a group of mostly uninhabited islands.

Jarvis Island was officially made part of the United States in 1858. People used to mine guano there, but they then abandoned it. The United States treats it as a nature reserve. 

Located 25 miles south of the equator, Jarvis Island, is an uninhabited coral island located in the South Pacific Ocean. Jarvis has no known natural freshwater sources, and very little rain. This creates a very bleak, flat landscape with plants no larger than shrubs. Jarvis Island has no ports or docks, other than a reef the guano miners blew up in order for the cargo boats to be able to drop anchor. Its grass, vines and low-growing bushes are primarily a nesting, roosting, and foraging habitat for wildlife. The island has a tropical desert climate, with high temperatures in the day, constant wind, and a very hot sun. There is no evidence that the island has ever supported a native human population, but on August 30, 1913, the Amaranth was carrying a cargo of coal from Newcastle, New South Wales, to San Francisco when it crashed on Jarvis' southern shore. Ruins of ten wooden buildings, and a two-story house among them, could still be seen by the "Amaranth" crew, who left Jarvis aboard two lifeboats. Also, Settlers were moved to Jarvis Island in 1935 to maintain a weather station and plan a landing field. A settlement called Millersville was established on the west coast of the island because of it was the highest elevation. The Japanese shelled the island in 1942 and the men living on Jarvis were evacuated soon afterward. The United States claimed possession of Jarvis under the Guano Islands Act of 1856. The Act gave American citizens the right to claim any unclaimed, uninhabited islands for the purpose of mining guano. Because at the time guano was a very valuable asset used for fertilizer.


Robert E. Lee

Robert Edward Lee (January 19, 1807 – October 12, 1870) was an American colonel in the United States Army. He became the General-in-chief of the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He led the Army of Northern Virginia in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War. He started out as an engineer but then moved up the ranks. Before the Civil War, Lee was an officer in the Mexican-American War. He was also head of West Point. As a colonel in the United States Army he led a battalion of marines to put down the rebellion at Harpers Ferry Armory and captured their leader, John Brown.

Lee was born at Stratford Hall in Westmoreland County, Virginia, on January 19, 1807. His parents were American Revolutionary War General and Governor of Virginia, Henry "Light Horse Harry" Lee, and his wife, Anne Carter Lee. In 1818, Lee's father died in the West Indies without ever seeing his son again. Robert was raised by his mother in Alexandria, Virginia.

Lee and George Washington were both descendants of Augustine Warner, Sr. and his wife, Mary Towneley Warner. Lee was descended through their daughter, Sarah. Washington was descended through their son, Augustine, Jr. Lee and Washington were third cousins, twice removed.

Lee attended Eastern View, a school in Fauquier County, Virginia. He may have attended schools in Shirley, Virginia, and in Alexandria, Virginia. His mother instructed him in the Episcopalian faith. Lee attended the United States Military Academy at West Point, and graduated second in the class of 1829.

On June 30, 1831, Lee married Mary Custis at Arlington House. She was the granddaughter of George Washington's stepson, John Parke Custis. They made their home at Arlington House. They had seven children.

Lee fought in the Mexican–American War under General Winfield Scott as a captain. Later, Scott wrote about Lee calling him "the very best soldier I ever saw in the field." After the war, Lee helped the army build forts. In 1855, Lee became a lieutenant colonel, and joined a cavalry regiment. As a Colonel, Lee was called on to stop the "slave rebellion", otherwise known as John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry. Brown's raid was ended in less than an hour by Lee.

Lee inherited a number of slaves with Arlington House. He proved not to be a very good slave master. He tried kindness and refused to use torture. But the slaves knew their freedom had been granted them in the will and refused to work. Lee wanted to grant them their freedom but needed them to help him see out the work at Arlington House. Personally, Lee hated slavery calling it an "evil" to both blacks and whites. But he thought it had to be ended gradually or the economy of the South would wikt:collapse. But Lee did agree with other Southerners thinking that blacks were inferior. He believed God would work out the problem in his own time. Lee, like Thomas Jefferson had mixed feelings about slavery.

The election of Abraham Lincoln in 1860 caused several states to secede in protest. This put Lee in a difficult position. The newly formed Confederate States of America offered Lee the rank of brigadier general. Lee did not respond to the offer. Winfield Scott offered him command of the army of U.S. volunteers. He didn't answer this offer, either. Between April 12–14, 1861, U.S. troops were bombarded at Fort Sumter at Charleston, South Carolina. The same day Virginia seceded from the Union. Lee did not support secession but he could not fight his own state of Virginia. Lee resigned his U.S. Army commission on April 22, 1861, at Arlington House. He told his friends that he would not be a part of an invasion of the South. Several days later he accepted command of all Virginia forces.

At first, Lee did not command any soldiers in battle. Instead, he helped Confederate president Jefferson Davis make military decisions. In 1862, he became the commander of the Army of Northern Virginia. He would lead the army for the rest of the war. He would win many battles, even though the Union army in the battles had more men and weapons. At the Battle of Gettysburg, he tried to invade the Union in order to end the war. But his army was defeated and he had to retreat back into Virginia.

During 1864 and 1865, Lee fought Union general Ulysses S. Grant in Virginia. During the end of 1864 and the beginning of 1865, Lee and Grant fought near Richmond, Virginia in a series of battles called the Siege of Petersburg. In April 1865, Grant forced Lee to retreat from Richmond. After a series of battles, Grant surrounded Lee near Appomattox Courthouse and forced Lee to surrender. Before he surrendered, he said "I would rather die a thousand deaths than surrender".

President Andrew Johnson issued a proclamation granting amnesty and pardon to those Confederates who were a part of the rebellion against the United States. It contained 14 exempted classes and members of these groups had to make an application to the President of the United States asking for a pardon. Lee sent an application to General Grant. On June 13, 1865, Lee wrote to President Johnson:
On October 2, 1865, Lee became president of Washington College in Virginia. That same day Lee signed his Amnesty Oath as required by President Johnson. But Lee was not pardoned and his citizenship was not restored.

His amnesty oath was found over a hundred years later in the National Archives. It appears United States Secretary of State William H. Seward had given the application to a friend to keep as a souvenir. The State Department had simply ignored Lee's application and it was never granted. In a 1975 Joint resolution by the United States Congress, Lee's rights as a citizen were restored with the effective date of June 13, 1865. The act was signed into law by President Gerald R. Ford on August 5, 1975.

Lee died of heart failure on October 12, 1870. Washington College changed its name to Washington and Lee University in Lee's honor. Lee's birthday is celebrated in several southern states as a holiday.

Robert E. Lee's legacy is complicated, and bring to mind a skilled military leader during the American Civil War, yet his association with the Confederacy raises ethical questions about his role in defending slavery. Opinions on his legacy vary, with some emphasizing his military tactics and others saying negative things and his allegiance to a cause rooted in maintaining slavery. It's a topic that has raised ongoing historical and moral discussions. However, historians engage in ongoing debates about Robert E. Lee's legacy. Some focus on his military prowess and strategic brilliance, while others examine his choice to fight for the Confederacy, a cause deeply entwined with slavery. These discussions often delve into the complexities of historical figures and the background of their actions.


1830s

The 1830s was the decade that began on January 1, 1830 and ended on December 31, 1839.





1820s

The 1820s was the decade that began on January 1, 1820 and ended on December 31, 1829.





Isaiah

Isaiah was a prophet of God in Judaism, Islam, Christianity and Bahá'í. He lived from about 740 to 681 BC. The name "Isaiah" means "the Lord is salvation" in the Hebrew language. 

Isaiah is also the name of a book in the Old Testament of the Bible, which tells the story of the Israelites in Isaiah's time. According to Christianity, Isaiah predicted in this book, the birth and then death of Jesus, hundreds of years before it actually happened. Judaism does not agree with that interpretation.

Isaiah was known to be the Shakespeare of the Bible due to his good education and the quality of the passages he wrote. He was cut in half by King Manasseh which led to his gruesome death. Most of Isaiah's Bible passages begin with 'God's message to'.

Leopold Poetsch

Leopold Poetsch was a German professor and a high school teacher of Adolf Hitler who influenced the future leader's later views. 

Poetsch came from the southern German border area. There, political fights between Slavs and ethnic Germans angered him and made him one who was for the Pan-German movement. He started to teach in Maribor, Slovenia and later moved to Linz, Austria to teach history.

Hitler was very interested in what Poetsch said. Poetsch argued that all ethnic Germans should be united by a single government. He said that the Aryan race was stronger, in better health, and more fit to rule than all other people. Poetsch said that Jews and Slavs were what he called "inferior races". (This view was held a lot in Germany after World War I.)

In his later years, Hitler spoke of Poetsch as a "great man." 


Armenian genocide

The Armenian genocide was the deportation, killing, assimilation and forced conversion to Islam of most Armenians from 1915 to 1917 in the Ottoman Empire, which was ruled by the Young Turks.

In November 1914, the Ottoman Empire joined World War I on the side of the Central Powers. İsmail Enver, the Minister of War, launched a disastrous military campaign against Russian forces in the Caucasus in the hope of capturing Baku. His forces were routed at the Battle of Sarikamis, and many of his men froze to death.

Returning to Istanbul, Enver Pasha largely blamed the Armenians living in the region for actively siding with the Russians. Despite the tensions, the Armenians had thrived under Ottoman rule. Most Armenians were better educated and wealthier than their Turkish counterparts, who were jealous of their success. The resentment was fuelled by suspicions that the Christian Armenians would support fellow Christian governments, especially Russia, which shared an unstable border with the Ottoman Empire, as opposed to the Muslim Ottoman caliphate.

In 1914, the Ottoman War Office had already begun a propaganda drive to present Armenians as a liability and a threat to the Ottomans' security. An Ottoman naval officer in the War Office described the planning:

The Ottoman government, moving quickly, arrested an estimated 250 Armenian intellectuals on the night of 24 April 1915. The acts of genocide against the Armenians continued for nine years until 1922, with around 388,000 Armenians remaining.

The massacres of Armenians in 1894, 1895, 1896 and 1909 were still fresh in their minds.

In the beginning, around 1915-1916, Armenians were kicked out of their homes, which were claimed by Turks. During a Turkification campaign, the government squads kidnapped children, converted them to Islam, and gave them to Turkish families. In some places, they raped and forced women to join Turkish “harems” or serve as slaves. Women would mark their bodies with scars or burn a part of their face to be unfit to join a harem. Muslim families moved into the homes of deported Armenians and seized their property.

At the same time, the Turks created a 'Special Organization', which in turn organized 'killing squads' or 'butcher battalions' to carry out, as one officer put it, “the liquidation of the Christian elements”. The killing squads were often made up of murderers and other ex-convicts. People were drowned in rivers, thrown off cliffs, crucified and burned alive.

Guenter Lewy claims in his book,"The Armenian Massacres in Ottoman Turkey: A Disputed Genocide", that there is not enough evidence of the Young Turk regime organizing the killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire.
According to Lewy, even though their fate in World War I proved tragic, it was not a "real" genocide because "there were no centrally organized and state-sponsored premeditation and genocidal intention".

A major obstacle for the wider recognition of the genocide in the world is the official position of Turkey, which states that there was no systematic attempt to annihilate the Armenian population and that the 1915 massacres happened because of the Tehcir Law and the war. In December 2008, a group of Turkish scholars launched an online petition for people who wanted to apologize for what happened. The people who created the petition failed to use the word "genocide" but used "the Great Catastrophe" regarding the event. Many Turks viewed the Armenians as a threat to the Ottoman Empire in a time of war and argued that people of various ethnicities were killed during the violence. Turkey and its leaders fear that recognizing the word "genocide" could cost considerable sums of money in reparations, as well as public embarrassment.



Prime Minister of the United Kingdom

The prime minister of the United Kingdom or British prime minister is the head of government in the United Kingdom. The prime minister controls the Government of the United Kingdom through the cabinet. The prime minister is the chairman of the British cabinet and a member of the Privy Council. It is normal for the prime minister to be the leader of the political party which has a majority in the House of Commons. 

The prime minister is not the head of state, but is the most important politician in Parliament. By tradition, the monarch of the United Kingdom chooses the prime minister. The monarch chooses the leader of the political party with enough votes to get laws passed in Parliament.

Rishi Sunak (Conservative Party) became prime minister on 25 October 2022.

The prime minister is usually the leader of the political party which wins most seats after a general election. There are 650 are available in the United Kingdom. Voters vote for their own local member of parliament, not for the prime minister. Voters in their constituency choose their member of parliament. The prime minister is a member of parliament, and only voters in one constituency can vote for them.

The first prime minister was Robert Walpole in the eighteenth century. He was known as the "First Lord of the Treasury". The first person to be use the title "prime minister" officially was Henry Campbell-Bannerman in 1905.

Well-known prime ministers in the 20th century included David Lloyd George, Stanley Baldwin, Winston Churchill, Clement Attlee, Margaret Thatcher, and Tony Blair. The prime ministers usually live and work at 10 Downing Street or Chequers while in office. Chequers was donated to the country by Winston Churchill.
There are several other official residences, some owned by the government, others held by trusts. The Chevening House estate, in Kent is an example. Dorneywood is another.

There are seven living former British prime ministers:

River Forth

The River Forth is a river in Scotland. 

The source is Loch Ard, in Kinlochard. The river flows through the city of Stirling, and the city of Edinburgh is on the south of the Firth of Forth estuary.

Alejandro Toledo

Alejandro Toledo (born 28 March 1946) is a Peruvian former politician and economist who was the 56th President of Peru from 2001 to 2006. He gained international prominence after leading the opposition against president Alberto Fujimori, who held the presidency from 1990 to 2000. Toledo was also considered a "champion of democracy" in Peru as he was the first democratically–elected president of Peru after the restoration of democracy after 10 years of authoritarian rule by Alberto Fujimori.

He pursued his undergraduate and graduate education at the University of San Francisco and Stanford University. He originally joined the technical and academic field, from where he participated as an analyst on politics and economics on some occasions.

He entered politics when he founded the País Posible party, participating for the first time in the 1995 general election. In 2000, he managed to become in the largest opposition leader to the government of Alberto Fujimori, before whom in the midst of a controversial and bumpy process, lost the election for a second time. After the transition stage and the return of democracy in Peru, he participated for the third time in the 2001 elections against Lourdes Flores of National Unity and Alan García of the Peruvian Aprista Party; he competed with the latter in the second round, winning with 53.1% of the popular vote.

On 16 July 2019, Toledo was arrested in the United States. On 19 March 2020, he was released on bail.

He is from the town of Chimbote in Ancash Region, Peru. He is married to Eliane Karp of Belgium.

Inuktitut

Inuktitut is a language of the Arctic, spoken by Inuits in Canada and in Greenland. Inuktitut is a very complex language. It is an official language in Nunavut and the Northwest Territories.

The Inuit write Inuktitut in two ways. One way to write Inuktitut is by using the Roman alphabet. The other way to write Inuktitut is by using an abugida, which is a kind of alphabet which has letters based on syllables.

The uses a small part of the Unified Canadian Aboriginal Syllabics, a set of letters made up for writing down many of the languages of the First Nations people in Canada.

Some words in English come from Inuktitut or another Inuit language. Among them are the words anorak, igloo, and kayak.

Fall Out Boy

Fall Out Boy (often shortened to FOB) is an alternative rock band from Chicago, Illinois, USA. The members are Pete Wentz (bassist), Patrick Stump (vocals), Andy Hurley (drums), and Joe Trohman (guitar). They have written successful songs, including "Thnks fr the Mmrs", "Sugar, We're Goin Down" and "Dance, Dance".

Their music is mostly like the pop-punk style, or genre, of music. The band got the name "Fall Out Boy" from a character who appeared in one episode of The Simpsons. "Sugar, We're Goin' Down" was the first single from their album "From Under the Cork Tree". It has peaked at number eight on the "Billboard" charts. The second single was "Dance, Dance" which picked up major airplay in the U.S. The third single was "A Little Less Sixteen Candles, a Little More Touch Me." Their third album is "Infinity on High" and it had lots of success around the world.

Two songs from the album were very popular across the world. They are "This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race" and "Thnks fr th Mmrs". The second song's title is "Thanks for the Memories" without the vowel letters, which is meant to look as if it were from a text message.

The third single from "Infinity on High" is called "The Take Over, The Breaks Over". The fourth is "I'm Like a Lawyer With the Way I'm Always Trying to Get You Off (Me & You)". Their fourth album "Folie à Deux", was released on December 16, 2008. "I Don't Care" was the first song released from the album. In late 2009 the band took a rest. Patrick Stump went solo and released his debut album "Soul Punk" on October 18, 2011.

His EP "Truant Wave" was released on February 22, 2011. Bassist Pete Wentz formed the electropop band Black Cards. Guitarist Joe Trohman and Andy Hurley formed a rock band The Damned Things with people from Anthrax and Every Time I Die.

Fall Out Boy came off hiatus in 2013, releasing a new single "My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark (Light 'Em Up)" and an album "Save Rock and Roll", along with a supporting tour, They went on the Save Rock and Roll Arena Fall Tour September 2013 with fellow rock band Panic! at the Disco in support of the album as well. In September 2014, they released a new single, called "Centuries".



Greek alphabet

The modern Greek alphabet has 24 letters. It is used to write the Greek language. The Greek alphabet is also frequently used in science and mathematics to represent various values or variables. Most letters in the Greek alphabet have an equivalent in the English language.

The twenty-four letters (each in uppercase and lowercase forms) are: 

Α α, Β β, Γ γ, Δ δ, Ε ε, Ζ ζ, Η η, Θ θ, Ι ι, Κ κ, Λ λ, Μ μ, Ν ν, Ξ ξ, Ο ο, Π π, Ρ ρ, Σ σ or ς, Τ τ, Υ υ, Φ φ, Χ χ, Ψ ψ, and Ω ω.

The Greek alphabet is thought to be where most European alphabets came from. The alphabet was borrowed from the Phoenician alphabet around the 10th century BC, with many changes to make it fit the Greek language. 

Some of the Phoenician letters for sounds not used in Greek were turned into vowels. The Phoenicians had written their abjad without any vowels, and this is the case with Hebrew and Arabic to the present day. Obviously, their peoples knew how to say the words, so that worked well for them. But the Greek addition of vowels was better for countries where it might be a second language. 

The Greek change made reading easier for trading with other cultures. In general, Indo-European languages did not use consonant-based roots (where the word's central meaning is based on the consonants) like those in Semitic languages such as Phoenician, Arabic, Hebrew, and Aramaic. 

At first, Greek was written from right to left, same as Phoenician, but after the 6th century BC, it was written from left to right. 

There were some differences in the early Greek alphabet depending on what part of the Greek world it was used in. But over time, all Greeks started to use the same alphabet, especially after the Ionic alphabet of Miletus was officially adopted in Athens in 403 BC. A little later, the rest of Greece did the same, and by 350 BC, during the life of Alexander the Great, almost all Greeks were using the same twenty-four letter Greek alphabet. 

Later, Aristophanes of Byzantium (c. 257185 BC), a Greek scholar and grammarian, invented the three diacritics (accent marks): acute, grave, and circumflex, to mark the tone or pitch of Greek words.

Although the Greek letters accurately represented all the main sounds of the Greek language early on, the sounds of the Greek language changed over time. Some of the vowel sounds began to sound similar to one another, aspirated voiceless stops became voiceless fricatives, and voiced stops became voiced fricatives. One can get an idea of how older Greek pronunciations sounded, by looking at the Latin and English spellings of Greek loanwords like "philosopher", "Chimera", "Cyprus", and "Thessalonica".

Another diacritic is a comma, usually above initial vowels. This signaled whether or not the sound of the letter 'H' was present. It is not available in the English standard character-set. If this comma-like diacritic above the vowel is reversed, it indicates the presence of an /h/ sound before a vowel, diphthong, or rho. Thus, the Greek name "Ἕκτωρ" is pronounced Hektōr, not Ektor. Another example is ἥρως, pronounced hḗrōs ("hero").

In 1982, a new, simplified orthography, known as "monotonic", was adopted for official use in Modern Greek by the Greek state. It uses only a single accent mark, the acute accent. This marks the stressed syllable of polysyllabic words, that is, words with more than one syllable.



Good Charlotte

Good Charlotte is an American punk music band. They are from Waldorf, Maryland. They have many popular songs, including "The Anthem", "Girls and Boys", "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous", and "The Click". 

Their third album is unique. "The Chronicles of Life and Death" came in two different versions: the Life version, and the Death version. The only difference between them is the last song on the CD. The Life version has "Falling Away", and the Death version has "Meet My Maker".

The lead singer of the band is Joel Madden. His twin brother, Benji, is also in the band. But besides them, there is Billy (guitarist), Paul (bassist) and Dean (drums).

Good Charlotte's influences include All, Rancid, The Smiths, Ben Lee, Government Issue, MxPx, Pixies, The Clash, Weezer, Minor Threat, The Cure, Beastie Boys, Everclear, Green Day, Nirvana, Sex Pistols and The Vandals.



Battle Creek, Michigan

Battle Creek is a city in western Michigan, USA. The headquarters of the Kellogg's cereal company is located in this city.


Grand Rapids, Michigan

Grand Rapids is an American city in Michigan. Located in western Michigan, nearly 200,000 people were living here in 2020.

Former American president Gerald Ford grew up in Grand Rapids. Grand Rapids is also the birthplace of Amway and the Meijer store chain.

Grand Rapids is the county seat of Kent County. It is the second largest city in the state, after Detroit. The third largest is Warren.

The city has many attractions, including the Frederik Meijer Gardens and Sculpture Park and John Ball Park, which is a zoo. Grand Valley State University has a campus in downtown Grand Rapids.

Many Reformed Christians from Dutch ancestry live in Grand Rapids.

Evo Morales

Juan Evo Morales Aima (born October 26, 1959) was the President of Bolivia from 2006 through 2019. He is an Aymara Native American, and is politically a leftist. He is the founder and leader of the Movement toward Socialism (or MAS) political party. "Movimiento al Socialismo" is its Spanish name. 

On January 22, 2006, he became President of Bolivia. His party has declared that he is the first indigenous person to be president of Bolivia. Not everyone believes this to be true because of his mestizo heritage and similar backgrounds of several past Bolivian presidents. Nonetheless, he is likely the first "culturally" indigenous president of Bolivia.

Born in Oruro, Morales was a leader in a union of coca growers. Morales has said he does not like United States policy toward Latin America, criticizing the country's past failures to stand up for democracy, trade agreements which he feels have not helped Bolivia, and especially for the US's anti-drug policies. Coca is a component in cocaine, but is also an important part of Bolivian culture. Morales became well known for this, and he was elected to Congress.

Even though he was forced out of Congress in 2002, he became a very popular person in Bolivia, and won the country's presidential election in 2005. As president, he focused on economic changes that moved the country toward a more socialist economy, instead of a capitalist one. He also worked with other leaders in South America like Rafael Correa and Nestor Kirchner. Morales has been a popular president, and has been reelected in 2009 and 2014. During this time he has criticized both George W. Bush and Barack Obama and has had arguments with the United States.

In 2016, Morales wanted to pass a Constitutional amendment that would allow him to run for another term in 2019. Many people in Bolivia saw this as a power grab, and the amendment lost the election.

On 20 October 2019 Morales won 47.1% of the vote in the first round of the 2019 Bolivian general election. The results were immediately challenged and led to widespread protests. On 9 November 2019 the Organization of American States published a preliminary report that there were "clear manipulations". The police joined the protests against Morales and on 10 November the military forced him to resign.

Lake Titicaca

Lake Titicaca (, "Titiqaqa Lake") is a large, deep lake in the Andes mountains. The eastern part is in Bolivia and the western part of it is in Peru. It is the largest lake in South America.
Lake Titicaca is at above sea level. It is often called the "highest navigable lake" in the world. It means that it is the highest lake that boats use for trade. There are many other lakes in the world that are higher. The lake has 41 islands. Some of the islands are home to many people. 

Lake Titicaca is home to more than 530 species of water animals.
Several threatened species such as the huge Titicaca water frog and the Titicaca grebe, a bird which cannot fly, only live in or near the lake.

Since 2000, the water level of Lake Titicaca has gone down. This is because of shorter rainy seasons and the melting of glaciers. The Global Nature Fund (GNF) says that the natural life in and around Lake Titicaca is under threat from water pollution and the introduction of new species by humans.

The "Floating Islands" are small islands made by the Uros (or Uru) people. They use layers of cut totora, a thick reed that grows in Lake Titicaca. The Uros make the islands by continuously bending over the reeds that grow in the lake.

Legend says that the Uru people came from the Amazon river area, and moved to Lake Titicaca. The local people did not allow them to have their own land. They then built the reed islands, which could be moved into deep water or to different parts of the lake for safety.

The islands are a golden colour. Many are about big. The largest are about half the size of a football field. Each island has a few houses. The people living together on an island are usually all related. Some of the islands have watchtowers and other buildings, also made out of reeds.

, about 1,200 Uros lived on 60 islands. They are mostly in the west corner of the lake near Puno, a large port town in Peru. The islands have become one of Peru's tourist attractions. This means that the Uros can earn money by bringing visitors to the islands by motorboat and selling crafts.

Amantani is another small island on Lake Titicaca. The people living here speak the Quechua language. About 4,000 people live in 10 communities on the nearly circular island. It has two mountain peaks, called Pachatata (Father Earth) and Pachamama (Mother Earth). Both peaks have ancient ruins on the top. The hillsides planted with wheat, potatoes, and vegetables. Most of the small fields are worked by hand. Long stone fences divide the fields, and cattle and sheep also graze on the hillsides.

Taquile is a hilly island located east of Puno. About 2,200 people live here. It is narrow and long and was used as a prison during the Spanish Colony and into the 20th century. In 1970, it became property of the Taquile people, who have inhabited the island since then. There are pre-Inca ruins on the highest part of the island.
Taquile is famous for its weaving and knitting. "Taquile and Its Textile Art" were honoured by UNESCO with the label "Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity".
Isla del Sol (Spanish for "island of the sun") is one of the largest islands of the lake. It is a rocky, hilly island. There are no cars or paved roads on the island. About 800 families live here.
There are over 180 ruins on the island. Most of these are from the Inca period around the 15th century AD. Among the ruins on the island are the Sacred Rock, a labyrinth-like building called Chicana, Kasa Pata, and Pilco Kaima. The island is also mentioned in Inca mythology.

Isla de la Luna (Spanish for “island of the moon”) lies east of the bigger Isla del Sol. Legends say that this is where Viracocha told the moon to rise.
Archaeological excavations show that the Tiwanaku peoples (around 650–1000 AD) built a large temple on the Island of the Moon. The buildings on the island today were built by the Inca on top of the earlier Tiwanaku ones.
Suriki lies in the Bolivian part of Lake Titicaca. Suriki is the last place where they still make reed boats.


Howland Island

Howland Island is a small island in the north Pacific Ocean, just north of the Equator. It is owned by the United States.

Howland island is a very hot and sunny island with wind blowing almost all the time. It only rains every once in a while.

Howland Island is located at 0 48 N, 176 38 W.


2005 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2005 Atlantic hurricane season was the time from June 1 to November 30, 2005 when hurricanes officially formed in the Atlantic Ocean. Storms sometimes form before and after these dates but most storms form during the season. Tropical Storm Zeta formed on December 30 and dissipated on January 6, which is after the November 30 end of the season. It was the most active Atlantic hurricane season in recorded history.

2005 broke many records set. There were 28 storms that were tropical storms which was broken by 2020 and 15 that became hurricanes. For the first time ever storms were named by the Greek alphabet as the normal name list had been used up. The storm which caused the most damage was Hurricane Katrina, which hit New Orleans, USA, and killed over 1000 people. The strongest storm of the season was not Katrina, it was Hurricane Wilma. Wilma was the strongest hurricane ever in the Atlantic Ocean, reaching a record low pressure of 882 mbar.

Arlene, the first storm of the season, formed near Honduras on June 8 and moved north. It came close to western Cuba on June 10 before entering the Gulf of Mexico. Arlene strengthened just below hurricane strength before making landfall on western Florida. The storm quickly weakened while moving inland, and later became an extratropical remnant on June 13.
Tropical Storm Bret was a weak tropical storm that formed as Tropical Depression Two in the western Gulf of Mexico, then quickly became Tropical Storm Bret. The storm made landfall in Tuxpan, Veracruz, Mexico the next morning. It dissipated on June 30. The storm cause 2 deaths and $9 million in damage.
Hurricane Cindy was a tropical cyclone that reached minimal hurricane strength for a very short time in the Gulf of Mexico during July and made landfall in Louisiana. It was the third named storm and first hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Cindy left 3 deaths and $320 million in damage.
Hurricane Dennis was very powerful hurricane that reached a peak of 150 mph. Hurricane Dennis moved mostly northwestward in its track. It made landfall in Grenada, and almost made landfall in Jamaica, and also made landfall in Cuba, and Florida (United States).
Hurricane Emily was the strongest and only known category 5 hurricane in July. It beat a record in strength set by Hurricane Dennis only 6 days before. Hurricane Emily was one of four category 5 hurricanes in 2005. Hurricane Emily caused about 17 deaths and $1.014 billion in damage.
Tropical Storm Franklin formed north of the Bahamas on July 21 and moved steadily across the western Atlantic while coming close to Bermuda on July 26. Later, Franklin became an extratropical cyclone near Newfoundland, before being absorbed by another non-tropical system. Franklin caused no damages and killed no people while it stayed in the ocean during most of its life.

Tropical Storm Gert was a weak and short lived storm. Tropical Storm Gert formed in the Bay of Campeche on July 23. The storm made landfall in Mexico and dissipated on July 25.
Tropical Storm Harvey was a strong tropical storm that moved across the Atlantic Ocean from August 2 to August 8. Harvey caused no damages or deaths and was the eighth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Tropical Storm Harvey only affected Bermuda.

Hurricane Irene was a rather long lived storm (about 2 weeks). It took it a while to become a hurricane. The only effects from Irene were large waves. Irene caused no damage or deaths.
Tropical Storm Jose was a strong but very short lived storm. It quickly formed in the Bay of Campeche and made landfall in Mexico. Tropical Storm Jose dissipated the next day. Tropical Storm Jose caused 8 deaths and $45 million in damages.
Hurricane Katrina was a powerful category 5 hurricane. Katrina was the costliest hurricane in U.S. history. Katrina devastated the U.S. Gulf Coast, especially New Orleans, a city in Louisiana. It beat the old record from Hurricane Andrew. Katrina left $125 billion in damage and 1,836 dead.
Tropical Storm Lee formed east of the Lesser Antilles as a tropical depression on August 28. On the next day, the depression weakened into a tropical low. The low then moved north and became stronger. It became a tropical storm for a short time on August 31. Lee quickly weakened again into a remnant low and was absorbed by a cold front on September 2.

Hurricane Maria was a major hurricane in September 2005. This storm was rare because it affected New Jersey, Iceland, Scotland, and Norway. Hurricane Maria caused 3 deaths and $3.1 million in damage.
Nate was a category 1 hurricane. Hurricane Nate also helped Hurricane Maria kill one person in Bermuda, and another in New Jersey. 

Hurricane Ophelia was a category 1 hurricane in September of 2005. It moved strangely just offshore of the United States. In all, Ophelia killed 3 people and caused $70 million in damage, mostly to North Carolina.

Hurricane Philippe was a category 1 hurricane that moved near land, but did not affect land. This was the third of eleven uses of a "P" name.
Hurricane Rita was a powerful category 5 hurricane that started east of the Bahamas on September 26. It moved south of Florida and into the Gulf of Mexico. Rita became a category 5 hurricane very fast, then made landfall. Hurricane Rita made landfall as a category 3 hurricane in Texas, on September 24. By September 26, Rita had died over the U.S. The hurricane killed about 120 people and caused $10 billion in damage. This was only the second time that an "R" name was used in the Atlantic, the first being Roxanne.
Hurricane Stan was the sixth of the seven storms in 2005 to make landfall in Mexico. The storm caused $1 billion in Mexico and the Central American region. The exact number of people killed is unknown, but the guess is around 1,660, though it could be up to 2,000. 
Tammy was a tropical storm that only existed for a total of two days and brought minor damages to the southeastern United States. It peaked with 50 mph (85 km/h) just before making landfall on the northern Florida coast. Tammy formed from a strong non-tropical low on October 5 just off the Floridan coast. It moved north, peaking with 50 mph (85 km/h) winds just before making landfall on Atlantic Beach, Florida on October 6. Tammy died shortly later. Most of the damages were losses from FEMA that totaled up to $30 million. Tammy also killed 10 people. This was only the second time that a name starting with the letter "T" in the Atlantic Ocean. The first use was from Hurricane Tanya in 1995.
Hurricane Vince was a very rare and unusual hurricane. Hurricane Vince formed in the Atlantic, in a location where the water was too cold for a storm to form. It was only a hurricane for about 6 hours. The storm performed another rare feat, which was making landfall in Spain. This was the first time that a "V" name had been used in the Atlantic.
Hurricane Wilma was the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Atlantic Ocean. Hurricane Wilma lasted as a storm from mid to later October in 2005. Wilma left $28.8 billion in damage, mostly to Florida and the Yucatán Peninsula.
Tropical Storm Alpha was the first tropical storm to get a Greek alphabet name. It caused 43 people to die over Haiti, Dominican Republic, and the Bahamas. All of this happened before Hurricane Wilma absorbed Alpha on October 24. 
Hurricane Beta was a category 3 hurricane in late October, 2005. It strengthened fast and made landfall in Nicaragua, before it died on October 31. Beta caused about 4 deaths and $3 million in damage.
Gamma was a tropical storm that started in the middle of November. It crossed the Caribbean Sea and dissipated during this time. Tropical Storm Gamma reformed north of Honduras, before it again died. The tropical storm killed about 41 people in Honduras. 
Tropical Storm Delta was a strong tropical storm. It killed at least 7 people in the Canary Islands and caused about $360 million in damage. The remains were last seen over Morocco.
Epsilon was a rare December hurricane, the first since Hurricane Lili in 1984. Forecasters incorrectly guessed on how much time it would take for Epsilon to dissipate. Epsilon did not come anywhere near land.
Tropical Storm Zeta was the last storm of 2005. The storm formed on December 30 over cold waters in the Atlantic. Tropical Storm Zeta dissipated on January 6, 2006. It was only one of two storms to live in two different years (the other was Hurricane Alice, which was in 1954 and 1955). The storm did not affect land or cause any deaths or damage.
There were also four storms in and around the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season that were not given any names: Tropical Depression Ten(10), Tropical Depression Nineteen(19), Subtropical Depression Twenty-two(22), and a subtropical storm that was not found until after it had happened. A subtropical cyclone is a storm that is not quite a tropical cyclone, but is more tropical than an extratropical cyclone.

In the spring of 2006, Hurricane Dennis, Hurricane Katrina, Hurricane Rita, Hurricane Stan, and Hurricane Wilma were retired for the damages they caused, and were replaced by Don, Katia, Rina, Sean and Whitney for 2011.

Christian calendar

A Christian calendar can be any calendar used by various Christian Churches for the Church year, called "liturgical year". For example, it can be used to find out what day Easter will be on, even though it is not the same in every Church.

The church year is divided into seasons like Lent, Easter, Pentecost, Advent and Christmas, with other weeks being seen as ordinary time.

The Gregorian calendar, named after Pope Gregory XIII, is now a civil calendar that is used in many countries around the world.

Catholic, Anglican and Orthodox Christians also celebrate Saint's days - here is a Catholic list

Puberty

Puberty is what happens in children's bodies that changes them into adults. Puberty, depending on sexes, usually takes about four or five years maximum. However, when most people say "going through puberty", they usually just mean approximately the first two years. After that, people sometimes use the word adolescence, although that is a not a very precise word. As girls and boys go through puberty, they become able to have sexual intercourse (sex) and produce children of their own. A girl can become pregnant and have a baby. During puberty, a boy's body begins making semen, and he starts to be able to ejaculate, which is semen shooting out from his penis when he is sexually excited. If he has sex with a girl, meaning he puts his penis into her vagina and ejaculates in her, he can make her pregnant.

There are also changes that happen in the brain. Boys and girls may think about sex more. While children of any age explore, touch and play with their sex organs from time to time, all boys and most girls going through puberty do this a lot. This is called masturbation and is a totally normal and healthy thing to do. Boys and girls going through puberty may question their sexual orientation, meaning they find they are more attracted to the people of the opposite sex, or to people of their own sex, or to both, or their sexual feelings may be fluid (changing) and complicated, often called being queer. People going through puberty often have strong emotions or feelings about many things. Other changes in the brain may make it harder learn a new language the way they learned language(s) when they were young. This change involves something called brain plasticity. It means that children's brains are more flexible in learning.

Puberty is started by hormones, which are chemicals that tell parts of the body to do things. For reasons which are not completely understood, girls and boys now start puberty when they are younger than it happened to boys and girls in the past. Some girls now start puberty at age 9 or 10 or even earlier. For boys puberty is also happening earlier. A 2012 study found that, on average, African American (Black American) boys begin puberty at age 9 while white and Hispanic boys start at age 10, on average. People around the world start puberty at different ages. The reasons for girls and boys starting puberty earlier might be that they eat healthier food and drink more milk. Other reasons might be chemicals in food, chemicals in plastic containers, chemicals in the air and chemicals in the water. The reasons are not known for sure. 

Puberty happening too early is called precocious puberty. This can create problems for the child. Sometimes a young person's body is wrong for what gender they feel they are. They feel there was a mix-up. In both these situations, drugs called puberty blockers can slow down or temporarily stop the process of puberty. 

Changes that happen to boys and girls during puberty include the sex organs growing bigger, hair appearing on the body, and growing taller and stronger. These changes are called secondary sex characteristics. People often notice boys' voices getting deeper, and girls growing breasts and starting to menstruate (have periods).

Because puberty is the time in a child's life when he or she becomes able to make children, this is seen as very important. Therefore, people in many countries around the world have different ways of marking this event.

Puberty is started and carried on by different hormones. Hormones are chemicals that tell parts of the body to do things. Hormones are made by glands in the body. Glands are organs (special parts) of the body that make hormones.

This is what happens during puberty:


Puberty for boys begins at 9-14 and most boys tend to start about 11-12 which is 2 years later than girls
Testicles start to grow, usually between the ages of 11 and 12.
Pubic hair -- the hair around the penis and testicles -- often starts to appear when a boy is 12.
A boy's voice starts to get deeper around the age of 12. 
The penis starts to grow in size often around the age of 13.
Also around age 13, you may notice a temporary growth in the size of your breasts. 

People sometimes have a growth spurt at about 13 1/2.
When they are about 14, people may notice hair growing in their armpits.
Also at age 14, some boys may start having wet dreams.
At around 15 you will get your adult voice 
At 15, people start getting a moustache.
By age 16, you may notice that your beard has started to grow.
at around 16 1/2 95 percent reach adult height

Puberty for Girls begins at 8-13 and most girls tend to start really young at about 9-10 which is 2 years earlier than Boys
The uterus ,vulva and vagina, as well as labia and clitoris, start to grow, usually between the ages of 9 and 10.
Breasts begins to grow often around 10.
Pubic hair -- the hair around your vulva and vagina -- often starts to appear when a girl is 10 1/2.
A girl's voice starts to get deeper around the age of 11.
You may have a growth spurt at about 11 1/2.
When you're 12, you may notice hair growing in your armpits.
Also at age 12, some girls may start having wet dreams. 
at around around 12 1/2 vaginal discharge.
at around 13 menstruation.
at around 14 you will get your adult voice. 
at around 14 1/2 95 percent reach adult height.

On average, girls begin puberty at ages 10–11; boys it's unclear the average age due to the rise of early puberty (according to the 2012 study found African American boys starting to develop on average at age 9 while White and Hispanic at age 10) The experts who did this 2012 study said puberty starts in boys when Tanner stage 2 pubic hair is seen. Stage 2 pubic hair means a small amount of long downy (soft or fine) hair, with color, which is straight or only slightly curled. The hair is seen chiefly at the base of penis. In the past, it was said that for girls, puberty begins around 10 or 11 years of age and ends around age 16. Boys enter puberty later than girls. In the past, it was said that boys usually start puberty around 12 years of age and it lasts until around age 16 or 17." Girls usually complete puberty by ages 15–17, while boys usually complete puberty by ages 16–17. The major landmark of puberty for females is menarche, the onset of menstruation, which occurs on average between ages 12–13; for males, it is the first ejaculation, which occurs on average at age 13. If puberty starts much later than average, the person is sometimes called a late bloomer.

For most boys, puberty takes about a few years, for White and Hispanic tend to start puberty about a year later than African American boys so you may not finish puberty until you're older. For African American boys it's normal to finish puberty a bit sooner. Teenagers are usually about 10 to 30 centimetres (cm) (4 to 12 inches (in)) taller, 7 to 29 kilograms (kg) (15 to 65 pounds (lb)) heavier, and stronger. He is also able to make a woman pregnant (have a baby).

In rich countries in the 21st century, the average age at which children, especially girls, reach puberty is lower compared to the 19th century, when it was 15 for girls and 16 for boys. This can be due to improved nutrition resulting in rapid body growth, increased weight and fat deposition, or eating meat from animals which have been dosed up with estrogen.

This is the general picture, but people around the world may start puberty at different ages. This is because their environment (things around them) may differ quite a bit. Here are some of the things that make puberty happen at different ages in people:


Girls usually reach their adult height and become sexually mature (able to have babies) about four years after puberty starts. Boys keep growing for about six years after puberty starts. Puberty in boys starts off more slowly than in girls, but then speeds up later on. Although boys are usually about shorter than girls before puberty begins, men on average end up about taller than women.

The first sign of puberty in boys is that their testicles (also called the testes) and scrotum (the "bag" that the testicles are in) grow bigger. Before puberty, each testicle is about 1.5 to 2 cm (0.6 to 0.8 in) long and a volume of about 2 to 3 cubic centimetres (cc) (0.1 to 0.2 cubic inches (cu in)). About six years after puberty starts, the testicles reach their adult size. The volume of an average adult man's testicle is about 18 to 20 cc (1.1 to 1.2 cu in). However, it is normal for some men to have testicles smaller than this size, and for other men to have larger testicles.

The penis also grows bigger during puberty. At the start of puberty, the average length of the penis is 6 cm (2.4 in). The penis reaches adult size about five years later. A study done in 1996 found the mean length of an adult man's penis is 3.5 in (8.9 cm) when it is flaccid (, ) (not erect or hard). The average length of an erect penis is about 12.9 to 15 cm (5.1 to 5.9 in).

The testicles have two main jobs: to make hormones and sperm. The testicles make the hormone testosterone, which spreads around the body. This causes the changes in the body that make a boy grow into a man. Testosterone also makes a man feel like having sex. One year after puberty begins, when boys urinate (pee) after waking up in the morning, some sperm can be found in the urine. When a boy is about 13 years old his testicles will have grown to the stage that he may be fertile (able to make a woman pregnant). However, it will still be difficult for him to do so. Boys usually only become fully fertile when they reach about 14 to 16 years of age. The sperm in the testicles mixes with other liquids in the body to form a whitish or yellowish and sticky fluid called semen. During puberty, two glands in the body called the seminal vesicles and prostate also grow bigger. These glands make a lot of the liquid that is in semen.

When a man is sexually excited, he gets an erection – his penis becomes bigger, longer, and harder. A male can become sexually excited if thinks about sex or sees a good-looking person, or if his penis rubs against something. During puberty, some boys also have spontaneous erections. These are erections that happen by themselves without any reason. This can be embarrassing when it happens in a public place.

When a man's penis is sexually stimulated for some time, he has an orgasm and semen shoots out from the penis. This is called ejaculation. Boys who have not begun puberty cannot ejaculate. A boy's first ejaculation usually happens about one year after he begins puberty. For some boys, the first ejaculation takes place when they are sleeping. This is called a nocturnal emission or a wet dream. It happens without the boy's control, often when he is having a dream about sex. Scientists believe that wet dreams are the body's way of removing too much semen. A study was done of 5,300 white men in the United States in 1948 found that 13% of them had their first ejaculation through a wet dream, This seems to tell us that most boys have their first ejaculation after masturbating. A male masturbates when he rubs his penis to make himself feel good sexually. The study also found that most boys who have their first ejaculation by masturbating do this a year or more earlier than boys who have their first ejaculation through a wet dream. A 2004 survey by a magazine in Canada found that most males (43%) started masturbating when they were about 12 to 13 years old. When a boy begins masturbating, wet dreams often stop happening because semen is taken out from his body regularly.

When a boy starts to ejaculate, he usually produces only a small amount of semen. The semen is different from what an adult man produces. It is usually clear and stays sticky. It either has no sperm in it, or sperm that do not move properly or do not move at all. A boy's semen only becomes like an adult man's semen about two years after his first ejaculation.

Not long after a boy's testicles and penis start to grow, pubic hair (, ) begins to appear. Pubic hair is hair that grows in the pubic region, which is the part of the body where the penis is. Pubic hair is shorter, curlier, and rougher than hair on the head. It usually starts growing on the abdomen above the penis at the place where it joins the body. (The abdomen is the part of the torso where the navel or bellybutton is.) There may also be some hair on the scrotum. After about six months to a year, there will be a large triangle of hair in the pubic region. Within three to four years after puberty begins, there is a lot of pubic hair in the area above the penis. Later on, pubic hair also grows on the abdomen upwards towards the navel and on the insides of the thighs.

About two years after pubic hair starts to appear, hair also grows on other parts of the body:


The hair on the arms, legs, chest, abdomen, and back may also become thicker. Different men have different amounts of body hair. Many boys begin shaving when hair starts growing on their faces.

A larger amount of male hormones in the body cause changes in perspiration (sweat). This gives it a more "adult" body odor or smell. The hormones also cause sebaceous glands in the skin to make more sebum, a type of oil that keeps the skin from getting too dry. Sebum and dead skin cells can mix with a type of germ called bacteria and block pores (tiny openings) in the skin. This causes a skin problem called acne. Most people get acne during puberty. When a person has acne, he gets swellings on his skin called blackheads, whiteheads, and pimples. Blackheads and whiteheads are painless, but pimples can be red and painful. They usually form on the face but can also appear on the neck, shoulders, upper back, and chest. Oil glands on scalp – the part of the head on which hair grows – also make a lot of sebum. This can cause dandruff, in which small white bits of skin fall from the scalp.

During puberty, a boy's larynx or voicebox also grows larger. This makes the laryngeal prominence or Adam's apple – the lump that sticks out of the front of his neck – larger too. As the larynx grows the vocal folds become longer and thicker, so they vibrate (move back and forth) more slowly. This causes the voice to lower in pitch or tone and become deeper. When this happens, it is sometimes said that the boy's voice has "broken". However, it actually does not happen overnight but over some time. During this time, the voice may sound scratchy. On average, a boy's voice normally reaches its adult sound when he is around 15 years old.

Towards the end of puberty, boys go through a "growth spurt" which lasts for about two to three years. During this time, their body grows taller very quickly. When the growth spurt is at its fastest point, some people grow or more a year. This happens about two years after puberty starts, usually between the ages of 13 and 15. When a boy reaches the end of his growth spurt when he is about 18 years old, he will be at his adult height. His body will not grow much taller after that. Because of their growth spurt, boys' muscles can feel sore. These "growing pains" can feel worse if boys are active and do a lot of exercise. They go away after a while.

Boys grow more slowly than girls but for a longer time. That is why most men are taller than women. By the end of puberty, adult males have heavier bones and more muscle than females. In an average adult man, muscle makes up 50% and fat 15% of his weight. On the other hand, 40% of an average adult woman's weight is made up of muscle while 27% is made up of fat. Because men have less body fat than women, their hips generally do not grow bigger. Some bones like those in the jaw and shoulders grow more in males than in females. That is why males have wider faces and shoulders but narrower hips.

The changes in a girl's body during puberty usually take place between the ages of eight and 18 years. Most girls will have finished puberty around the age of 15. They will have breasts and pubic hair, will menstruate (have a period) every month, and will be able to get pregnant. They will usually also have reached their full adult height.

When the breasts start to grow, this is normally the first sign of puberty that can be seen on the outside of a girl's body. This usually happens when girls are about the age of 10.5 years. A lump that is a bit hard appears in each breast under the areola, which is the dark ring around the nipple. The lump in one breast may grow before the other one. This is called breast budding. Within six to 12 months, both breasts will have started growing. The swelling can be felt and seen outside the edges of the areolae. About one and a half to two years after the breasts first start growing, they are close to the shape and size of an adult woman's breasts. The nipple and areola may be on a smaller mound on each breast. This small mound usually goes away when each breast is fully grown. Whether the breasts are small or large depends on how much fat there is in the body.

Between the ages of about eight and 14 (on average, at 11 or 12 years), pubic hair begins to grow along the labia (the "lips" of the vulva), usually a few months after the breasts start growing. At first the hair is thin and straight instead of curly, and there is not much of it. Within a year, the pubic hair becomes rough, dark, and curly and grows in a triangle shape in the pubic region. About one year after pubic hair begins appearing, underarm hair also grows. The hair on the arms and legs also gets thicker, and some girls may have hair appearing on their upper lip and in front of their ears.

Like boys, higher amounts of hormones in the body cause girls' perspiration (sweat) to change. This gives them a more adult body odor or smell. The hormones also cause the skin to produce more sebum (oil), which usually leads to acne.

When girls are between eight and 11 years old, the two ovaries in their bodies begin to grow bigger. Each ovary is egg-shaped and is attached to the side wall of the pelvis. The pelvis is a large set of bones in the hips. The ovaries are organs that make female hormones. These hormones cause a girl to grow into a woman, and make her feel like a woman. The hormones also make it possible for females to become pregnant and have babies. Inside the ovaries are about 200,000 ova (egg cells). For a baby to be formed, a woman's ovum and a man's sperm must come together. During puberty, the ova also grow bigger.

Between the ages of nine and 15 years (on average, at 12 to 13 years), the vagina and uterus (womb) become bigger. The uterus is the organ in which a baby grows. The vagina is a tube leading from the uterus to the outside of the body. The opening of the vagina is inside the vulva, in between the legs. A clear or whitish fluid may start to flow out of the vagina to keep it clean. Then, about two years after the breasts start to grow, when a girl is between ten and 16 years old (on average, at 13 to 14 years), hormones made by her ovaries cause the ovaries to release an ovum, which moves into the uterus. Usually, only one ovum is released at a time. The hormones also tell the uterus to get ready for a baby, in case the ovum meets a sperm cell and gets fertilized. The walls of the uterus become thicker with extra tissue. Inside the thick part of the uterus are blood vessels and other nutrients that a baby will need to grow. If an ovum in the uterus gets fertilized, it sticks to the wall of the uterus and starts to grow. However, if the ovum is not fertilized, it does not stick. The uterus then gets rid of the ovum and the extra tissue by releasing it from the body. The tissue and blood flows out of the uterus through the vagina. This is called menstruation or having a period. The bleeding normally lasts for about three to five days, though some girls may bleed for longer or have a bit of bleeding between periods. The uterus then starts preparing for another ovum. For most girls, the time between their periods is about one month. For about two years after menstruation starts, the time between periods is not always the same. Some girls may skip a month, or have two periods close to each other. It is also normal to have cramps (rather painful squeezing feelings) or to feel bloated (swollen up) in the abdomen during periods. When many girls start having periods, they begin using sanitary napkins (also called sanitary pads) or tampons to soak up the blood and tissue. A sanitary napkin is a piece of material that is absorbent (able to take in liquids) and is worn between the vulva and underpants. A tampon is a stick of absorbent material that is placed inside the vagina.

In 2004, a survey by a Canadian magazine found that most females (25%) started masturbating when they were about 12 to 13 years old.

Because of more hormones in the body, girls start to have more fat in their breasts, abdomen, hips, and thighs. At the age of ten years, the average girl has 6% more body fat than the average boy, but by the end of puberty, the difference is nearly 50%. The fat makes sure that a baby growing inside a pregnant woman will have enough nutrients. Also, the bones in the pelvis move further apart to make room for a larger uterus and ovaries, so there is space for a baby to grow in the uterus and to pass out of the body when it is born. The extra fat and wider hip bones that girls have give them a curvier shape.

Girls also experience a growth spurt during puberty. In the first year after puberty begins, they grow about . They grow even faster the next year or so, then the growth slows down and almost stops when they start menstruating. After a girl's periods begin, she usually does not grow more than taller.

The large amounts of hormones in the bodies of boys and girls during puberty can also affect their emotions. Young people begin to be attracted by (drawn to) each other and thinking about what it is like to have sex. They are often worried about what other people think about them. They can also feel the urge to do things that are dangerous, such as taking drugs or too many alcoholic drinks, or smoking. They sometimes want more independence – more power to decide things for themselves – and can get angry when their parents do not allow them to do things. The brains of teenagers are still growing, and it may take a while before they are mature enough to know how to make good choices about their lives. Therefore, it may be helpful for them to follow the advice of adults they trust, even if it does not make much sense to them at the time.

This is a very controversial and debated topic, but sometimes, whether due to external influences or not, a person's body is wrong for their perceived gender identity. They may have male sex organs but feel that they are a female, or they may have female sex organs but identify as male. Medical operations by doctors and hormone pills can change the body, but those operations are not done on young people. Instead, doctors can give drugs that slow down or stop puberty so the person has more time to decide what to do. As of 2023, some states in the United States say doctors cannot give these drugs to young people. The talk about these drugs has become very political. These drugs were usually made for other reasons, such as stopping cancer. These drugs can also be used if a child starts puberty at a very early age, such as 7 or 8. The name for that situation is "precocious puberty." Going through puberty too early creates medical and psychological problems. The person might not grow as tall as they could. They might feel very different from their friends and other children in school. Girls who go through puberty early have a bigger chance of being sexually assaulted. They also have a bigger chance of becoming pregnant while still a young teenager. There might be a bigger chance that later in life they might get a cancer such as breast cancer, because there is a higher risk associated with the number of years in between when the woman went through puberty (usually defined as menarche for studies) and the first time she has a baby. Studies have shown that early-maturing boys are more likely to be sexually active and are more likely to participate in risky behaviors. 
One of the drugs that can be given to people with boy bodies is called Lupron Depot. It works by causing a very big drop in testosterone levels. The drugs to block or slow puberty can be given with a needle in the leg, or sometimes the shoulder. In a young person with a boy body, for some drugs, the needle is put in a testicle. Sometimes the drugs are in a patch that is under the skin of an upper arm. The patch is usually changed once a year. There is a chance that unwanted things could happen because of these drugs. These things are called side effects. There are some short term side effects, most of which are not huge problems for most people getting the drugs. The more important thing is that these drugs might have long-term effects on:

With drugs involving body chemicals called hormones that regulate things like growth, there might be a slight chance of increasing cancer risk, even though these drugs are often used as anticancer drugs.

Because puberty is the time in a child's life when he or she becomes able to make children, this is seen as very important. Therefore, people in many countries around the world practice Rites of passage to mark this change.







Stamford Bridge

Stamford Bridge could be


Bali tiger

The Bali tiger, or Balinese tiger ("Panthera tigris balica") is one of the three extinct subspecies of the tiger. They became extinct in 1937. They lived on Bali. This was the first subspecies of tiger to become extinct.

The Bali was also the smallest tiger subspecies. There is no record of a Balinese tiger ever being held in a zoo collection. The Balinese tiger's close sub-species were the Javan tiger and the Caspian tiger, which are now also extinct. The Balinese and Javan tigers were once the same, but during the Ice Age, Bali became isolated from Java by the Bali Strait. This split the tigers into two groups which then went onto develop alone. 

The killing of the very last wild Balinese tiger is usually thought to have been at Sumbar Kima, West Bali on 27 September, 1937. It was an adult tigress. So the government of Bali made a strict law on killing tigers, but by then it was too late, because the Bali tiger had already become extinct.

1507

Year 1507 (MDVII) was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.



479 BC

479 BC was a year in the 5th century BC.



192

192 was a leap year.


1202

1202 (MCCII) was .





Sitting Bull

Sitting Bull (about 1831 – December 15, 1890), real name Tatanka Yotanka, was the chief of a Native American tribe called Hunkpapa-Lakota-Sioux. At the age of about 14, Slow participated in a war party against the Crow (warriors).
At the age of 10, however, he killed his first buffalo.
He was a very important chief and fought for the freedom of Native Americans. He fought with Crazy Horse and Big Foot at the Little Bighorn River against General George A. Custer and won. They are the most deadly tribe.

He was killed by Red Tomahawk, a police sergeant, during an attempt to arrest him. 

Michelle Kwan

Michelle Kwan (born July 7, 1980) is a retired American figure skater and diplomat. She has won five world championships and nine U.S. championships. She has been the United States Ambassador to Belize since 2022.

Michelle Kwan was born on July 7, 1980, in Torrance, California. Kwan showed interest in figure stating when she followed Ron and Karen, her brother and sister, onto the ice, saying that all she could remember was "every day, tying up my skates and a big smile on my face, excited to go on the ice". She attended public school until eighth grade, when she began being homeschooled in 1994.

Kwan won the world junior championship in 1994. The same year, at the age of 13, she came in the top 10 in the world senior championship. She became world champion in 1996, when she was 15.

On December 15, 2021, President Joe Biden announced that he planned to nominate Kwan to be United States Ambassador to Belize.



Frank Jack Fletcher

Frank Jack Fletcher (29 April 1885 - 25 April 1973) was an Admiral in the United States Navy. He was born at Marshalltown, Iowa, of the same family line as Captain Frank "Pat" Fletcher and of Rear Admiral Frank Friday Fletcher, noted men in the Navy. He attended the Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland and had jobs on many warships. In 1914 he got the Medal of Honor at Vera Cruz. Then he was in control of a destroyer in World War I received the Navy Cross. Later he took Naval and Army War College training, became chief of staff Asiatic Fleet, aide to Secretary of the Navy Swanson, and Commanding Officer of battleship "New Mexico." He became Rear Admiral in control of Cruiser Division 3 in 1939. He was Commander of Cruisers, Pacific Fleet at the time
of Pearl Harbor. In the very bad, first six months of the war, he was Task Force Commander at the Battle of Coral Sea, the Battle of Midway, and the Battle of Eastern Solomons. Vice Admiral Fletcher then became Commander North Pacific Forces where he took the surrender of the Imperial Northern Fleet. After the war he became Chairman of the Navy General Board till he retired. Admiral Fletcher rests at Arlington National Cemetery.

"Frank Jack Fletcher, was the best fighting commander in the U.S. Navy in the twentieth century. He came out best in all three aircraft carrier battles in which he fought -- there were only five such fights in of all history. Admiral Fletcher was outnumbered at all times and when the other side was at its highest point in the early years of the Pacific War. He did not let the other side take Australia, Midway, and Guadalcanal. He put down six of the ten Japanese carriers with four of the six great carriers that had attacked Pearl Harbor. His acts were completely his own, because there was no such thing as carrier fighting experience before him to learn to fight ships from the air. He kept the Pacific safe which let much support to go to Europe and started the Allied victory in World War II."

Irina Slutskaya

Irina Slutskaya (ru: Ирина Слуцкая) (born February 9, 1979 in Moscow), is a Russian figure skater. She has won two world championships and six European championships.

Irina began skating when she was four years old. She has had the same coach, Zhanna Gromova, since she was six years old. By 1996, she was European champion and came third in the world championships (at age 17). She went to school at the Moscow Academy of Physical Culture, graduating in the year 2000.



Lu Chen

Lu Chen (Simplified Chinese: 陈露, Traditional Chinese: 陳露, Chen Lu in Chinese) (born November 24, 1976, in Changchun) is a Chinese figure skater. She was world champion in 1995.

Chen's mother played table tennis and her father coached ice hockey. She started skating at the age of five in Jilin, and also took ballet dancing. She won the bronze medal at the world junior championship in 1992, and came third at the world senior championships the same year, at the age of 16.

Her nickname is "Lulu," and she is also known as "Butterfly on Ice." She is admired for her artistic ability.

Chen skated for the professional show "Stars on Ice" for two years. Now she runs an ice skating club in Shenzhen. This club is named after her.



Oksana Baiul

Oksana Baiul (born November 16, 1977 in Dnipropetrovsk) is a Ukrainian figure skater. She came first at the 1993 world championships and at the 1994 Winter Olympics.

Baiul's grandfather gave her first skates to her when she was three years old. When her mother died, she became an orphan. But she kept skating, and won the World Championships when she was only 15 years old. She became famous for her artistic ability when she skated as "The Swan" to win the Olympics when she was 16. 

She has skated for many professional shows such as "Champions on Ice" and "Stars on Ice". A television movie was made about her - "A Promise Kept: The Oksana Baiul Story". She moved to New Jersey. She still skates professionally, and also makes figure skating clothes.



Hobo

Hobo is a word for a homeless person who travels to different cities and towns to look for work. Hobos usually travel by train "hopping" (riding in empty train freight railcars without paying for a ticket), or sometimes "riding the rods" (lying dangerously near the train wheels, underneath the cars).

Hobos stay in very cheap hotels in cities, or camp in simple shelters ("shanties") in shanty towns near the rail yards. There were many hobos during the Great Depression in the United States because many people lost their jobs and homes. Many people blamed President Herbert Hoover for the Depression, so hobo camps were sometimes called "Hoovervilles".

Wicca

Wicca is a neo-pagan (meaning "new pagan") religion that was created by a British man named Gerald Gardner in the mid-to-late 1940s. Gardner popularized the new religion through books of his that were printed in 1949, 1954, and 1959. Those three books are "High Magic's Aid", "Witchcraft Today", and "The Meaning of Witchcraft". Gardner called Wicca the "witch cult" and "witchcraft", and called its followers the "Wica" (or "Wicca"). In his 1959 book he also called them the "Wicca" (with two 'c's), which is where that word came from. The word "wicca" means "witch" in Old English. People who follow Wicca are called "Wiccans". Before the name "Wicca" was adopted, the religion was sometimes called simply "the craft".

Wicca is now used as an umbrella term for many different paths that have branched off from Gardner's original practices.

Some time from 1945 to 1949, Gerald Gardner changed, and added content to, the rituals of an earlier group, called the New Forest Coven. In so doing, Gerald Gardner created Wicca. The many elements from the grimoire (old hand-written book) called the "Key of Solomon" are present in Wicca. Those are also in Gardner's 1949 book, "High Magic's Aid", and were most likely added by Gardner himself, rather than by the New Forest Coven that came before him.

The New Forest Coven was created in the city of Christchurch, England (on the southern coast of England), some time in the 1930s. It was created by a group of low-ranking members of the Ancient Order of the Rosicrucians in the Crotona Fellowship. Members of that group read the books about witches by Margaret Murray and Charles Leland, which gave them the idea to create a witch coven.

Some time after Gerald Gardner joined the Rosicrucian Order Crotona Fellowship in Christchurch, he was drawn to the group of low-ranking Rosicrucians. They initiated him into the New Forest Coven in September 1939, shortly after Gardner had lost all faith in the Rosicrucian order's leadership on September 3rd.

There are many different traditions of Wicca, yet many are common beliefs that are shared by all Wiccans, such as the afterlife, magic, and morality.

Most Wiccans believe in a horned male god, Pan, and a moon goddess, Hecate. The only wiccans who do not believe in both the goddess and the god are those who belong to the unorthodox sect called Dianic Wicca. They believe in the existence of only the goddess. Some wiccans believe that the god and the goddess are equal. However, some other wiccans believe that the goddess is more important than the god.

The main Wiccan moral teaching is called the "Wiccan Rede". The word rede means ""advice"" or ""council"" in Old German. ""An ye harm none, do what ye will"" is the very basic Wiccan Rede, which means, ""Do what you want to do, but do not harm anything in the process"." This is most likely based from Crowley's "Do what though wilt, shall be the whole of the law". This means that you must think about how your actions will affect other beings and yourself.

There is a rule in Wiccan (branched from Pagan belief) that is called "the rule of threefold return" or "the threefold rule" or "the rule of three", or called equivalent names that use the word "law" instead of "rule". The rule of threefold return is a belief that what you do for good or bad will return to you 3 times the original intent. Therefore, you should only send out or work with good intentions to avoid three-times the bad return as Karma. The rule of threefold return is revealed to second-degree initiates (though they are usually already familiar with it) during the second-degree initiation ritual, in which the initiator scourges the initiate, and then the initiate returns three times the number of scourgings to the initiator. That second-degree initiation ritual, along with the threefold rule within it, were made public by Gerald Gardner's 1949 book "High Magic's Aid", in chapter 17.

In 1986, a wiccan named Raymond Buckland, through his popular wiccan book "Buckland's Complete Book of Witchcraft", created a new definition for the rule of threefold return. In Buckland's definition, the rule of threefold return is not a rule of conduct, but a law of karma, which states that every beneficial action or harmful action that a person does returns to them three times as powerful. Buckland's definition of the threefold rule became more well-known than the original definition of the threefold rule.

Many Wiccans have special places at home where they perform rituals, magic, and worship. These places are called "altars". Originally, there was only one altar that was used by the coven, when the coven was gathered. But as solitary wiccan practice became more popular, wiccans started to use personal altars.

Wiccans put holy and special objects on their altars, such as the following items:

Some Wiccans put other objects on their altars, such as statues of gods or goddesses, a bell, candles, incense, and/or a besom (an old-fashioned broom that is made of all-natural materials). A besom is often used to "sweep" away negative energy or spirits.

Those objects that are common on solitary altars are derived from the various objects that are used in the wiccan group rituals. Those ritual objects include a sword (also called a 'magic sword'), a black-handled knife (called an athame), a bowl containing water, a bowl containing salt, an asperger (an object that sprinkles water), candles, a bell, a white-handled knife (which is now usually called a 'bolline', due to being confused with a different object), a wand, a cup (also called a chalice), a pentacle, a censer (a container that burns incense), a scourge (a short whip with several whipping cords), and binding cords. Gerald Gardner, a founder of modern Wicca, started the practice of calling such objects by the misnomer 'tools' or 'working tools', because he was imitating Freemasonry, which used actual tools, such as a trowel.

Wiccans have two types of holidays, called "sabbats" and "full moon esbats". There are eight sabbat holidays throughout the year. As the name suggests, full moon esbats take place during a full moon, so there are twelve or thirteen of them per year. Many post-Gardnerian wiccans use the neo-druidic term 'wheel of the year' to refer to the cycle of eight sabbats.

The eight sabbats are as follows:

In Wicca, a private book containing spells, rituals, potions, and occult knowledge, called a "Book of Shadows", is kept. In some types of Wicca, such as Gardnerian Wicca, the contents of the book are kept secret from anyone but other members of the group, or coven. However, some versions of the book have been published. Some parts of these published versions, such as the "Wiccan Rede" and the "Charge of the Goddess" have been used by non-Wiccans or Wiccans. Many eclectics create their own personal books, and keep them to themselves.

Wicca music or Wicca rock is music influenced by the Wicca religion and its beliefs relating to nature and conservation.

An early band called Themis toured Canada and the USA singing and talking about Wicca. The Themis body of works promotes things that are Wiccan, such as the divinity of nature; the Lord and Lady (dual deity aspect of Wicca) and an ethical credo (moral code) that resembles Wiccan philosophies.

Another Canadian band, a group of vocalists from Vancouver Canada, the Chalice and Blade perform original pieces based on the beliefs of Wicca and "sing songs which show (their) reverence for the earth and the balance of the God and Goddess" -Chalice and Blade 

According to The Religion Newswriters Foundation "Wicca is moving into the mainstream" smashing stereotypes as their movement matures. Throughout America, Wiccans are organizing congregations and youth groups, training clergy, pursuing charity work, sharing parenting tips and fighting for civil rights


Indochinese tiger

The Indochinese tiger ("Panthera tigris corbetti") is one of the six living tiger subspecies, and is found in Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, and southwestern China. The Indochinese tiger is also known as the "Corbett's tiger", named after Jim Corbett. It has been listed as Endangered by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature. In Myanmar it is the National animal of the country.

Males are around 8–9 ft (2.4-2.7 meters) long, and weigh around 330 to 430 pounds. Females are around 7–8 ft (2.1-2.4 meters) long, and weigh around 221 to 287 pounds. Indochinese tigers are darker in colour than the Bengal tiger, and have narrow stripes which usually break up into a row of spots. Their belly, chin and cheeks are white in colour.

The Indochinese tiger is found throughout Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, Burma and Vietnam. It also lived in China, but no Indochinese tiger has been seen in China since 2007.
It is found mostly in lowland and highland tropical deciduous, semi-evergreen and evergreen forests. The Indochinese tiger is also found in hilly and mountainous areas. 

Indochinese tigers feed mainly on medium-sized and large-sized wild ungulates. Sambar deer, wild pig, serow, and large bovids such as banteng and young gaur make up most of the Indochinese tiger's diet. Some of its prey, like the kouprey and Schomburgk's deer, are extinct, but some, like the Eld's deer, hog deer and wild water buffalo, are still living but rare. Indochinese tigers also feed on muntjac deer, porcupines, macaques and hog badgers. 
They have been known to supplement their diet with birds, fish, monkeys and reptiles.

Female Indochinese tigers are pregnant for around 3–4 months, before giving birth to about 5 cubs. Newborn Indochinese tigers weigh around 1 kg (2 lb), and are blind and helpless. The mother feeds them milk for about 2 months and then the Indochinese tiger cubs are introduced to meat. Indochinese tiger cubs depend on their mother for the first 18 months and then they start hunting on their own.

Office

An office is generally a room or other area where administrative work is done. It may also be a position within an organization with specific duties attached to it. For example, the office of treasurer. An office is a design phenomenon. It can be a small office such as a bench in the corner of a very small business. It can also be anything up to and including large buildings full of offices. In modern use an office usually means the location where white-collar workers are employed.

There are mainly two types of office. They are large office and small office. A small office is small because the amount of work to be done is small. A large office is large because amount of work to be done is large.

Men have done administrative work for many centuries. But it is not clear when the room where paperwork was created began to be thought of an office. In the earliest European history it may have been a room in a palace where some kind of accounting was done for the king. Earlier forms of keeping records were known but were not confined to a room or rooms. For example, in ancient China string was knotted to keep count of things as a record. But the record-keeper's "office" was not a room but wherever he needed to be to count something.

In the early Middle Ages many monasteries had a scriptorium. This was a place where texts of all kinds were written and copied. All of the work was done by hand. This may actually be one of the first uses of a room as an office.
The High Middle Ages (1000–1300) saw the rise of the medieval chancery. This was usually the place where most government letters were written and where laws were copied in the administration of a kingdom. 

With the growth of large, complex organizations in the 18th century, the first actual office spaces were constructed. As the Industrial Revolution grew in the 18th and 19th centuries, the industries of banking, rail, insurance, retail, petroleum, and telegraphy grew dramatically. A large number of clerks were needed. As a result, more office space was needed for these activities. The time and motion study, pioneered in manufacturing by F. W. Taylor led to the “Modern Efficiency Desk” with a flat top and drawers below. This was designed to allow managers an easy view of the workers. However, by the middle of the 20th century, it became apparent that offices various degrees of privacy. Gradually the cubicle system evolved.

The main purpose of an office is to support its occupants in performing their job. Work spaces in an office are typically used for conventional office activities such as reading, writing and computer work. There are also meeting rooms, lounges, and spaces for support activities, such as photocopying and filing. Some offices also have a kitchen area where workers can make their lunches. There are many different ways of arranging the space in an office and whilst these vary according to function, managerial fashions and the culture of specific companies can be even more important.
While offices can be built in almost any location and in almost any building, some modern requirements for offices make this more difficult, such as requirements for light, networking, and security. The primary purpose of an office building is to provide a workplace and working environment primarily for administrative and managerial workers. These workers usually occupy set areas within the office building, and usually are provided with desks, PCs and other equipment they may need within these areas.

Phenomenon

A phenomenon (Greek: ", pl. ") is an observable event or, quite literally, something that can be seen.

It comes from the noun ("phainomenon, df. appearance") and is also related to the verb ("phainein, df. to show"). Its plural is phenomena. Its antonym is "lathomenon", meaning "something lying beneath the surface". 

Phenomenon can also mean a "surprising development" or "unusually successful person".

In science, "phenomenon" stands for any event which we can sense or detect or record. In science, the word "observe" means more than just "visible to the naked eye". It means "sensible", available to our senses. The senses we are born with are extended by a whole range of instruments which record things we cannot see, and make them visible to us.

So, while some events are easy to observe, others need technology to make observation possible. 

Konstantin Chernenko

Konstantin Ustinovich Chernenko (Russian language: Константи́н Усти́нович Черне́нко September 24, 1911 – March 10, 1985) was a Soviet Politician who briefly ruled The Soviet Union. Born to a poor family from Siberia, Chernenko joined the Communist Party in 1931. He was later elected to become a full member of the Politburo in 1978. Following the death of Leonid Brezhnev and his successor Yuri Andropov, Chernenko was elected General Secretary in February 1984. During his brief time in office, Chernenko continued Andropov's reforms. However, his term was cut short due to health problems and he died on March 10, 1985 after leading the country for only 13 months. 

Konstantin Chernenko was born to a poor peasant family on September 24, 1911, in Bolshaya Tes, Russia. He became a member of the Communist Party in 1931 and worked in various party and government positions, eventually rising through the ranks.

Chernenko married twice, Faina Vassilyevna Chernenko and Anna Dmitrevna Lyubimova. Together, they had 4 children, a son named Albert and had two daughters, Yelena and Vera, and a son, Vladimir.

He started as a Komsomol activist, later joining the Communist Party. Chernenko held various party positions, showcasing his loyalty to the Soviet regime. His proximity to power increased under Brezhnev, eventually becoming a full member of the Politburo in 1978. After Brezhnev's death in 1982, Chernenko briefly severed as Second Secretary during the brief rule of Yuri Andropov until Andropov's death in February 1984.

Chernenko served as the General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1984 until his death in 1985. Chernenko pursued a conservative foreign policy, maintaining a firm stance against the West. Domestically, he faced health issues, hindering significant reforms, and his brief tenure limited major policy shifts. Chernenko's tenure is often associated with the later years of the Cold War and the Soviet Union's internal challenges.
Chernenko faced various health issues during his brief time in office from 1984 to 1985. He suffered from emphysema and other respiratory problems, likely exacerbated by his heavy smoking. These health issues ultimately contributed to his death in March 1985.

Chernenko's legacy is often overshadowed by his predecessors and the subsequent changes in Soviet leadership. Chernenko's time in office was marked by health issues, and he passed away after just 13 months. His legacy is tied to the later years of the Cold War, but his impact on Soviet history is limited compared to other leaders.

Shetland Sheepdog

A Shetland Sheepdog is a kind of small dog whose ancestors came from the Shetland Islands. Many people call them ""Shelties"". They are popular pets in many countries. Shelties have the same origins with Rough Collie and Border Collie. Shelties are a working dog and are sometimes used for herding.

A Sheltie can have a mix of several colors in its coat. Most shelties are sable and white (brown and white) or tri-color (black, white and tan). Their fur is long and they shed twice a year. Shelties range in size from 13 to 16 inches. They usually weigh about 25-30 pounds.

Shelties are very energetic dogs that run and bark a lot. They are great with children. 
It was said that Shelties were sheep dogs so they try to please their master and have a strong sense of responsibility. They do not need very much discipline. Shelties rank in the top ten smartest dogs. They learn new things very quickly and remember them well. Shelties make great family pets as long as you do not mind a dog that barks.

Belief

A belief is a firm thought that something is true, often based on revelation. Belief is usually a part of belonging to a religion. It is different to scientific knowledge that can be tested, but belief is not able to be tested. For example, a person may believe in God or gods.
The word is also used to describe what a person expects will happen based on limited information. For example, "I believe Amy will come around today". Belief is also something you believe in but you cannot prove exactly. 


German Shepherd

The German Shepherd (), also known as the Alsatian, is a breed of medium-large size dog. It was first developed in Germany. They are often used as police dogs, but they have many other uses. They have been variously used as herding dogs, guard dogs, military dogs, eyes for the blind and as pets. Because of their intelligence, speed, drive, eagerness and balance, they are now called 'multi-terrain' dogs as well as 'most complete dog breed' for their versatility, adaptability and suitability.

An important modern use is in search and rescue. In former times the American Rescue Dog Association only used air-scenting Alsatians to locate people who are missing or lost. They search in wilderness, disaster, human body remains and water search and rescue and recovery missions. The breed is smart, athletic and can live in a wide variety of climate conditions. 

Male German Shepherds usually weigh around . Females usually weigh around .

The term Alsatian wolf dog, instead of German Shepherd dog, was first popularly used by the British in the First World War. This was because the country was at war with the German Empire. Adolf Hitler, a German dictator, was also known to have German Shepherds as companions.

The German Shepherd Dog breed, as it is currently known, was developed by the founder and the first president of the Association for the German Shepherd Dog breed Max Emil Friedrich von Stephanitz at the end of the 19th and the beginning of the 20th centuries.

Disabled people carry guide dogs with them in wagons of all types. There is no charge for the transportation of guide dogs and transportation documents are not issued.

Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back

Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is a science fiction movie and the second film in the "Star Wars saga". The movie was released in 1980. It includes action, romance and drama.


The Rebels hide from the Empire on the icy planet Hoth. The Empire finds the Rebels and they have to leave the planet after a battle.
Luke Skywalker finds Yoda, a 900-year-old Jedi Master and begins the training to become a Jedi. Han Solo, Chewbacca, Princess Leia and C-3P0 are caught by the Empire and Solo is frozen in carbonite. In his Jedi training, Luke gets a vision that his friends are in danger and tries to help them. He has to confront Darth Vader, and the two of them fight. When Luke fights Vader, he cuts off Luke's hand and Luke also learns that Vader is his father. His hand is replaced with a prosthetic one, including nerves, muscles, and some other tings.


Church of the SubGenius

The Church of the SubGenius is a religion founded by Ivan Stang and Philo Drummond. Originally based in Dallas, Texas, it is now based in Cleveland Heights, Ohio. In 2009, Stang said that The Church of the Subgenius has 40,000 followers, but the real number of followers is not known.

The church's beliefs are said to be very complex. The church teaches that it was founded by a salesman named J. R. "Bob" Dobbs. In 1953 "Bob" was fixing his TV which he made, and the Space God JHVH-1 gave him knowledge of the past and future, and the idea of "Slack". The church teaches that there is a conspiracy to make humans work, so that they can't have "Slack". It says that its members are descended from Yetis. It also said that aliens would come to earth on 5 July 1998.


Terry Bradshaw

Terry Bradshaw is an American sports presenter and former athlete He was born September 2, 1948 in Shreveport, Louisiana. 

Bradshaw was a quarterback with the Pittsburgh Steelers in the National Football League. Since 1994, he is also a television and American football host. 

Over six years, he won four Super Bowl titles with Pittsburgh (1975, 1976, 1979 and 1980). He went into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1989.

He is related to Cory J.Bylsma
Squid

Squid are cephalopods of the order Teuthida. They are the sister group to the octopods. Squid are carnivores, but they are also hunted as prey. The largest squid, the giant squid and colossal squid, are eaten by sperm whales and sleeper sharks. 

There are about 300 species of squid.

Squid, like cuttlefish, have eight arms arranged in pairs, and two longer tentacles with suckers.

All squid have a mouth with a radula, and jet propulsion with the siphon from the mantle. The radulla is a scraping organ in the mouth that scrapes nutrients from food sources. 

Tentacles are used for locomotive power and capturing food sources. All squids are carnivores; they eat other animals, not plants. 

Like other cephalopoda, squid are intelligent animals. Squids have a head-like structure, with sense organs and brains in the front end. Although the squids lack exterior shells they have a vestigial shell inside, made of chitin.

The skin is covered in chromatophores, which enable the squid to change colour to suit its surroundings, making it effectively camouflaged. Controlled by the nervous system, the camouflage can change in 'real time'. 

Squids mainly rely on moving via jet propulsion, though deep sea squids may use their fins instead to save energy. A squid sucks in water through its mantle, than pushing it out through its siphon. Squids also have their gills inside the mantle to collect oxygen while moving.

After a male and female mate, the female squid lays eggs. The eggs are laid inside an egg case. Since the squid is usually a part of a shoal, it is laid with many other egg cases from many other squids, and then anchored to the sea floor. Because of this, squid eggs are often (many times) found in clumps, and those clumps often look like a flower.

Often, the male will die a short time after mating, and the female will die once she has released her eggs. Because of this, squids usually lay eggs only once. Squids do not live very long. Although there are some long-lived species, most squids live for only one or two years.

Most squid are no more than long, although the giant squid may reach .

In 1978, sharp, curved claws on the suction cups of squid tentacles cut up the rubber coating on the hull of the USS "Stein". The size suggested the largest squid known at the time.

In February 2007, a New Zealand fishing vessel caught a colossal squid weighing and measuring around off the coast of Antarctica. This specimen is the largest invertebrate ever found. Squid have the largest eyes in the animal kingdom.

Giant squid are featured in literature and folklore with a frightening connotation. The Kraken is a legendary tentacled monster possibly based on sightings of real giant squid.

Giant squid

The giant squid ("Architeuthis dux") is a genus of deep-ocean dwelling squid. Giant squid can grow to a tremendous size: recent estimates put the maximum size at 12 metres (39 ft) or 13 metres (43 ft) for females and 10 metres (33 ft) for males from caudal fin to the tip of the two long tentacles.

There is a larger squid, known as the Colossal Squid.

Until 2005, nobody had ever seen a giant squid that was alive. Only dead giant squids had been found. On 30 September 2004, researchers from Japan took the first images of a live giant squid in its natural habitat. Several of the 556 photographs were released a year later. The same team successfully filmed a live adult giant squid for the first time on December 4, 2006.

There is no agreement as to how many species there are. The Kraken is also believed to be a giant squid,

For many years, people would hear stories from fishermen about giant squids at sea. According to the stories, an enormous squid would wrap its arms around a whale, causing a terrible fight to start. Whalers said that sometimes, when they caught a whale, it would have scars as big as dinner plates on its body. Other times, when they cut open the stomach of some of their whales, they would find squid arms as long as 30 ft with suckers up to four inches wide. The whalers who told these stories either chopped up the squid parts to eat or use as bait, or they threw them back out to sea before scientists were ever able to examine them. However, in 1861, a French ship was able to bring back parts of a giant squid so scientists could study them.

Then, in the late 18th century, several giant squids washed up on shore, proving that giant squids really exist. After that, many giant squids were found washed ashore or dead at sea. Scientists grew very interested in these mysterious creatures, but few ever saw them alive. Scientists think they spend most of their time in deep, cold ocean.

In December 2005, the Melbourne Aquarium in Australia got the intact body of a giant squid, preserved in a giant block of ice. It had been caught by fishermen off the coast of New Zealand's South Island that year.

The number of known giant squid specimens was close to 600 in 2004, and new ones are reported each year.

Googol

Googol is the number 10, or 10,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000. It is also known as ten-duotrigintillion or ten thousand sexdecillion.

A 9-year-old Milton Sirotta, nephew of U.S. mathematician Edward Kasner, first used the word googol. Sirotta made this word in 1937, for the number represented by the numeral 1 followed by 100 zeros.He may have been inspired by the comic strip character Barney Google.

The company Google was named after the number "googol." Its creators originally called it BackRub because it used backlinks to tell how important each page was. Someone suggested "googolplex." They shortened it to "googol" and then spelled the word wrong when looking for a domain name that was not taken yet.


National Football League

The National Football League (NFL) is an American football league. There are 32 teams in the league. The league is one of the major professional sports leagues of the United States and Canada. The players are among the highest-paid athletes in the world. A league is a competition between a number of teams. The teams play other teams, and the results are used to list the teams in order of who is The team at the top of the list (called a league table) is the best team and the team at the bottom is the worst team.

It is now the most popular professional league in the United States by number of television viewers. The NFL also has the highest per-game attendance of any professional league in the world; in the most recently completed 2014 season, the average crowd at an NFL game was more than 67,000. Its championship game, the Super Bowl, is an unofficial national holiday in the U.S., and is seen by more people than any other American television program.

In terms of number of players and people involved, the NFL is the largest professional sports league in the world. It is widely considered the top level of competition in the world for American football.

In 1920, an American football league was formed. It was called the American Professional Football Association. In 1921 it changed its name to the National Football League. In 1960 another league was formed, called the American Football League. In 1970 the National Football League and the American Football League joined so that the teams from each league could play each other. The league called the National Football League changed its name to the National Football Conference (usually called the NFC) and the league called the American Football League changed its name to the American Football Conference (usually called the AFC). The two conferences together are now called the National Football League. People can also call it by the acronym NFL for short.

Because the U.S. is a big country and it would be hard for teams to travel a long way to play other teams, the teams are separated into smaller regional divisions based on where they are in the country. The teams are separated like this:

The teams in the NFL play games against each other from September to January. This time is called a season. Each team plays 17 games, most recently increased from 16 starting with the 2021 season. This is how which games a team will play are chosen:

Since the 2006 season, the NFL has used a "flexible scheduling" system for the last seven weeks of the regular season where there is a Sunday night game. The system is designed so that the league has the flexibility in selecting games to air on Sunday night that will feature the current hottest, streaking teams.

Under the system, all Sunday games in the affected weeks will tentatively have the "early" start time of 1 p.m. ET/10 a.m. PT, except those played in the Pacific or Mountain time zones, which will have the tentative start time of 4 p.m. ET/1 p.m. PT. On the Tuesday 12 days before the games, the league will move one game to the prime-time slot, and possibly move one or more 1 p.m. slotted games to the 4 p.m. slot. During the last week of the season, the league could reschedule games as late as six days before the contests so that as many of the television networks as possible will be able to broadcast a game that has playoff implications.

At the end of every NFL season, the eight teams that finish the season at the top of their divisions and three teams from each conference that were the best teams apart from the eight division winners (these six teams are called Wild Cards) enter a competition to see who is the best team in the whole league. This is called the Playoffs. There are a total of 14 teams in the Playoffs, seven from both the AFC and NFC. The seven teams in each conference are listed in order of how well they played in the season. This is called seeding and it is done to make it easier for the better teams to win. The teams that did not win their leagues (the Wild Cards) are always the bottom three seeds in the list, even if one or more had a better record than a team that won its division.

The first round of the playoffs, known as Wild Card Weekend, features six games. The matchups by seed are the same in both conferences.

The winners of each game advance to the next round; the losers' seasons end. This leaves 8 teams.

The second round, called the Divisional Playoffs, has four games. Again, the matchups by seed are the same in both conferences.

As in the previous round, only the winners advance to the next round.

The third round, the Conference Championship Games, involves two games.

The last part of the playoffs is called the Super Bowl. The AFC Champion and the NFC Champion teams play each other to decide who is the best team in the NFL. The team that win the Super Bowl claims the Lombardi trophy.


Super Bowl

The Super Bowl is a special American football game played every year to decide the winner of that National Football League (NFL) season. The best team from the National Football Conference plays the best team from the American Football Conference to win the Vince Lombardi Trophy, which was named after the first coach to win a Super Bowl. For most American football fans, it is a very special event.

Some people who do not like American football still watch it for the television advertisements and the half-time show. The TV advertisements during Super Bowl are the most expensive in the world in per second value. Because of the high cost of advertising, companies usually produce unique advertisements. As a result, watching advertisements has been a well publicized event in itself.

The Pittsburgh Steelers and New England Patriots are the teams with the most Super Bowl Wins with six victories each. The San Francisco 49ers and Dallas Cowboys currently are tied for the second-most Super Bowl wins with five. The Cleveland Browns, Detroit Lions, Houston Texans, and the Jacksonville Jaguars have never played in a Super Bowl. The New York Jets have not played in the Super Bowl since the American Football League (AFL) and the NFL joined together in 1970.

Notes

We Will Rock You

"We Will Rock You" is a song by the band Queen. It is one of their most famous songs. It is used at a lot of sports events. The main song has the band stamping their feet twice, and clapping once. At the end, a short guitar part is played.

Musicians:

Lagos

Lagos is the second largest city in Africa and the most populous city in Nigeria and in West Africa. There are about 12.5 million to 18 million people living in Lagos, which makes it one of the biggest cities in Africa. Lagos is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean. The city is made of several local government areas. Some of these areas are Somolu Koshofe, Ifelodun, Surulere, Agege, Ikeja, Ikorodu, Ajegunle, Oshodi, and Maryland.

Each Local government area has a presence of the central government with the establishment of general hospital, judiciary and police stations.

Lagos was the capital of Nigeria until 1992, when the capital became Abuja. Lagos is still the commercial capital of Nigeria and a gateway to West Africa. Lagos is made up of different islands like Victoria island, Banana island, Snake island, and the mainland.

Infinitive

The infinitive is a verb form. It has no person, number, mood, or tense.

In English, there are two main forms of the infinitive:


After a modal verb you must use an infinitive. For example, "I must go", "he must go" ("he must goes" is not correct)

To express time relationships, here are 8 types of infinitives:



Cartridge

Cartridge can mean:

Real number

A real number is a rational or irrational number, and is a number which can be expressed using decimal expansion. When people say "number", they usually mean "real number". The official symbol for real numbers is a bold R, or a blackboard bold formula_1.

Some real numbers are called positive. A positive number is "bigger than zero". Real numbers can be thought of as an infinitely long ruler. There is a mark for zero and every other number, in order of size. Unlike a physical ruler, there are numbers below zero. These are called negative real numbers. Negative numbers are "smaller than zero". They are like a mirror image of the positive numbers, except that they are given minus signs (–) so that they are labeled differently from the positive numbers.

There are infinitely many real numbers, because there is no smallest or biggest real number. No matter how many real numbers are counted, there are always more which need to be counted. There are no empty spaces between real numbers, which means that if two different real numbers are taken, there will always be a third real number between them. This is always true no matter how close together the first two numbers are.

If a positive number is added to another positive number, then that number gets bigger. If zero, which is also a real number, is added to a number, then that number does not change. If a negative number is added to another number, that number gets smaller.

The real numbers are uncountable, which means that there is no way to put all the real numbers into a sequence. Any sequence of real numbers will miss out a real number, even if the sequence is infinite. This makes the real numbers special, because even though there are infinitely many real numbers and infinitely many integers, there are "more" real numbers than integers. This is often expressed by saying that the integers are "countable" and that the real numbers are "uncountable".

Some simpler number systems are inside the real numbers. For example, the rational numbers and integers are all in the real numbers. There are also more complicated number systems than the real numbers, such as the complex numbers. Every real number is a complex number, but not every complex number is a real number. Similarly, 3/7 is a rational number but not an integer.

There are different types of real numbers. Sometimes all the real numbers are not talked about at once. Sometimes only special, smaller sets of them are talked about. These sets have special names. They are:
The number 0 ("zero") is special. Sometimes it is taken as part of the subset to be considered, and at other times it is not. It is the Identity element for addition, which means that adding zero does not change the original number. For multiplication, the identity element is 1.
One real number that is not rational is the square root of 2. This number is irrational. If a square is drawn with sides that are one unit long, then the length of the line between its opposite corners will be the square root of 2.


Elvis Stojko

Elvis Stojko (born March 22, 1972 in Newmarket, Ontario ) is a Canadian figure skater. He was world champion three times, and Canadian champion seven times.

Stojko was named after Elvis Presley, and sometimes skates to Presley's music. He grew up in Richmond Hill, Ontario. He started skating when he was four years old. He also became a black belt in karate (which has influenced some of his skating). Stojko was the first person to do a quadruple-triple jump combination. He became known for his athletic ability.

Today he is a professional skater, and also competes in karate.



Album

An album is a collection of sound recordings. It is usually made by a musician, and is sold in stores. Albums were originally a collection of gramophone records, each having one or two songs. Today an album is usually in the form of a compact disc, although many artists also release their albums on vinyl records.
LP or Album in digital format in the 21st century it is increasingly normal to release music.

There are two main types of albums, studio albums and live albums. Studio albums are recorded at a recording studio. Live albums are normally recorded while the musicians are performing for an audience. Live albums are usually recorded at concerts. 

Other types of albums include:

Albums are normally separated into "Tracks". Each track is a part of the album which has one song in it. The term is often used to mean a specific song on the album by number. For example, the "fourth track" or "track four" from an album is the fourth song on the album when it is played from the beginning.


List of Nobel Prize winners in Chemistry

The Nobel Prize in Chemistry is awarded by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. It awards people who have made progress in the scientific area of chemistry, those who have worked hard to learn more and have succeeded.

The Prize is given every year. It is just one of many Nobel Prizes. A famous winner of this prize was Marie Curie. She won the prize in 1911 after she discovered radium with her husband Pierre. She was the first person to win the prize twice; the first time was for physics in 1903.














Baker Island

Baker Island is a small coral island, or atoll, in the North Pacific Ocean. It is just above the equator. It belongs to the United States. The United States Department of the Interior is in charge of the island. It is called the "Baker Island National Wildlife Refuge". 

The island has no trees. The island is surrounded by a coral reef. This makes the atoll hard to approach in a boat.



Hermaphrodite

Hermaphrodite is a term which comes from Hermaphroditus, the son of Hermes and Aphrodite. It is used as a scientific term in biology.

In zoology, an animal which can produce both sperm and ova is a hermaphrodite. As an example, most earthworms are hermaphrodites. A simultaneous hermaphrodite has both sets of sex organs throughout life. A sequential hermaphrodite has ovaries at first, replaced by a testis later, or the other way round.

In botany, hermaphrodite is used for 'complete' flowers with both male and female parts, and for plants which have bisexual reproductive units. See flowering plant sexuality for details.

With people, the term hermaphrodite is not correct, because true functioning hermaphrodites are not possible in humans. What sometimes happens is errors in development which lead to intersex persons. A definition of intersex is:

People who are intersex may have a very small penis and no testicles, or a very small and short vagina and a large clitoris that looks like a penis. The term "hermaphrodite" is considered offensive and outdated by many intersex people.

Epididymis

The epididymis is the part of the human male reproductive system. It is the tube that holds the testicles in place. It stretches from the back of each testicle to the van deferens.

The dinges is made up of three parts:

Sperm made in the testis go into the head ("caput") of the epididymis, go through the body ("corpus") and stop at the tail ("cauda"), where they are stored. When sperm are first made and travel to the head, they are not yet ready to be ejaculated. They cannot swim or fertilize an egg. By the time they reach the tail, the sperm can fertilize an egg. The sperm are transferred to the Seminal visicle through the vas deferens. The sperm can not swim yet, so muscle contractions push the sperm to the seminal vesicle where final development is finished. . 

When the sperm are ejaculated, they move through the tail of the epididymis. There are so many sperm that they cannot swim, but use peristalsis from muscles in the vas deferens.

An injury or infection of the epididymis causes epididymitis, a painful condition that can take months to heal. Sometimes the testicle has to be removed. There does not seem to be any single cause, or treatment for this condition. Some doctors treat it with antibiotics, some take a "wait and see" attitude. At times just one testicle is affected and at others, both.

Sometimes males get their epididymis removed either as a form of birth control or for other reasons (such as for post-vasectomy pain syndrome) in a surgery known as an epididymectomy.

1810s

The 1810s was the decade that began on January 1, 1810 and ended on December 31, 1819.





Mammary gland

Mammary glands are the part of the female body designed for the making milk for baby mammals to drink. In humans they are in the breasts. In cows and goats they are called udders.

Kurt Browning

Kurt Browning (born June 18, 1966 in Rocky Mountain House, Alberta) is a Canadian figure skater. He won four world championships and four Canadian championships.

Browning did the first ever quadruple jump (four turns) in competition. He is well known for his footwork. As a professional, he has skated for Stars on Ice and Tom Collins Tour of Champions, won several professional championships, and did some T.V. skating specials. He has also talked during skating events on T.V. He has helped the charity Muscular Dystrophy.

Browning was raised in Caroline, Alberta. He married a dancer with the National Ballet of Canada, Sonia Rodriguez, in 1996. They have a son Gabriel, born in 2003.


Airbus

Airbus (, , , ) is a company which makes aircraft. It is owned by EADS, a European aerospace company. Airbus has its headquarters in Blagnac, France.
Airbus Office in Toulouse 1, Rond Point Maurice Bellonte 31707 Blagnac Cedex France"

Airbus began as a consortium (a group) of aircraft makers called Airbus Industrie. Later, in 2001, it became a joint-stock company. It was owned by EADS (80%) and BAE Systems (20%). BAE sold its part of the company to EADS on 13 October 2006, so EADS now completely owns the company.

Around 55,000 people work for Airbus in sixteen places in four European countries: France, Germany, the United Kingdom and Spain. The final part of Airbus aircraft making is done in Toulouse, France; Hamburg, Germany; Seville, Spain; and, since 2009, Tianjin, China.

Airbus makes and sells the first digital fly-by-wire airliner, the Airbus A320. Airbus also makes the biggest airliner in the world, the Airbus A380.

In 2015 Airbus launched an accelerator program to infuse startup and intrapreneurial innovations called Airbus BizLab.

"Airbus Industrie" started as a consortium (group) of European aircraft makers. The companies came together to compete with American companies like Boeing, McDonnell Douglas and Lockheed.

Even though a lot of European planes had a lot of new features, even the most successful planes were not made for long. In 1991, Jean Pierson, who was then the CEO and managing director of Airbus Industrie, gave some reasons why American plane makers were bigger: because the United States is so big, people preferred to fly; a 1942 agreement between the United Kingdom and the United States meant that the United States would make transport planes; and World War II had given the United States "a profitable, vigorous, powerful and structured aeronautical industry."

In the 1960s, some plane makers were thinking about coming together. Some aircraft companies had already thought that this would need to happen. In 1959, Hawker Siddeley thought about making an "Airbus" version of the Armstrong Whitworth AW.660 Argosy. This version would "be able to lift as many as 126 passengers on ultra short routes at a direct operating cost of 2d. per seat mile." However, European aircraft makers knew that making this plane would be dangerous. They knew that they would have to work together to make a plane like this. At the 1965 Paris Air Show, big European airlines began to think about the specifications for the "airbus". In that same year, Hawker Siddeley joined with Breguet and Nord to design the airbus. By 1966, Sud Aviation (became Aérospatiale) (France), Arbeitsgemeinschaft Airbus (became Deutsche Airbus) (Germany) and Hawker Siddeley (UK) were all working together. The partners asked for money from the French, German and British governments in October 1966. On 25 July 1967, the three governments gave the money and decided to continue with the airbus.

In the two years after this, both the British and French governments thought the project would fail. 75 orders were needed before 31 July 1968. The French government thought about leaving the partnership, because it was worried about the costs of the Airbus A300, Concorde and the Dassault Mercure. The French government was persuaded to stay. The British government left the partnership on 10 April 1969. Hawker Siddeley was helping until the British government left, and France and Germany did not want to design the airbus' wing (which Hawker Siddeley was doing). Hawker Siddeley was allowed to keep helping, but it did not have any help from the British government.

Airbus Industrie was officially started as a "Groupement d'Interet Économique" (Economic Interest Group or GIE) on 18 December 1970. The name "Airbus" was taken from a word used by airlines in the 1960s. It meant an aircraft with a certain size and range. Aérospatiale and Deutsche Airbus each owned 36.5% of the company, Hawker Siddeley owned 20% and Fokker-VFW owned 7%. Each company made its own parts of the plane, and they were completely ready when they were delivered. In October 1971, the Spanish company CASA took 4.2% of Airbus Industrie. Aérospatiale and Deutsche Airbus lowered their share to 47.9%. In January 1979, British Aerospace, which had taken over Hawker Siddeley in 1977, took 20% of Airbus Industrie. Aérospatiale and Deutsche Airbus lowered their share even more, to 37.9%. CASA kept its 4.2%.

The Airbus A300 was to be the first aircraft which was designed, made and sold by Airbus Industrie. By 1967, the "A300" label was given an airliner which Airbus Industrie was thinking about making, with 320 seats and two engines. Roger Béteille was made the technical director of the A300 design. Béteille decided which companies would make which parts of the plane: France would make the cockpit, flight controls and part of the fuselage; Hawker Siddeley made the wings; Germany made part of the fuselage; the Dutch made the flaps and spoilers; and Spain made the horizontal tailplane. On 26 September 1967 the German, French and British governments signed an agreement in London, which allowed Airbus Industrie to continue designing the plane. Rolls-Royce made the engines.

Airlines did not really want a 300+ seat Airbus A300, so Airbus Industrie made the A250 proposal. This later became the A300B, which had 250 seats and did not need a new engine design. This made the plane much cheaper to design, as the Rolls-Royce RB207 which would have been used in the A300 made up a lot of the costs. The RB207 had also had design problems and delays, since Rolls-Royce was concentrating on designing a different jet engine, the RB211, for the Lockheed L-1011 The A300B was smaller but lighter than its American rivals.

In 1972, the A300 made its first flight. The first type of A300, the A300B2, began being used by airlines in 1974. However, not much attention was paid to the A300 because of the launch of Concorde. At first, the A300 was not very successful. However, airlines began to order more and more. Part of this was because of the Airbus Industrie CEO Bernard Lathière, who tried to sell the plane to airlines in America and Asia. By 1979, Airbus Industrie had 256 orders for the A300. Airbus Industrie had also designed a more advanced aircraft, the Airbus A310, the year before. It was the A320 in 1981 which made Airbus Industrie a very big aircraft maker. More than 400 orders were made for the A320 before it even flew. Only 15 were made for the A300 before it first flew.

Since Airbus Industrie's planes were made by different companies, Airbus Industrie really only sold and advertised the planes. It became obvious that Airbus was no longer a temporary group made just to make one plane. It had become a big company which could make more planes. By the late 1980s, Airbus Industrie was working on two medium-sized planes: the Airbus A330 and the Airbus A340.
In the early 1990s, the Airbus CEO Jean Pierson said that the partnership should be closed, and Airbus Industrie should become its own company. However, the difficulties of integrating and valuing the assets of four companies, as well as legal issues, delayed the initiative. In December 1998, when British Aerospace and DASA were close to merging with each other, Aérospatiale stopped the negotiations. The French company thought that if BAe and DASA merged, that company would own 57.9% of Airbus. Aérospatiale insisted that each company own half of Airbus each. However, the problem was fixed in January 1999, when BAe merged with Marconi Electronic Systems instead. This company became BAE Systems. Then in 2000, three of the companies which made Airbus Industrie (DaimlerChrysler Aerospace, the new Deutsche Airbus; Aérospatiale-Matra, the new Sud-Aviation; and CASA) merged. This merger made EADS. EADS now owned Airbus France, Airbus Deutschland and Airbus España, which was 80% of Airbus Industrie. BAE Systems and EADS created the new company, Airbus . Both companies owned part of Airbus.

Throughout 1988, some Airbus engineers, led by Jean Roeder, began secretly designing a very big plane. It was made to allow Airbus to rival Boeing, whose 747 had been the only very big plane since the 1970s. Airbus made the project public at the 1990 Farnborough Air Show. Airbus wanted to make this plane 15% cheaper to use than the Boeing 747-400. In June 1994, Airbus named the plane the A3XX.

Five A380s were made for testing, and also to demonstrate the plane to airlines and the public. The first A380 was shown to the public on 18 January 2005, and it first flew on 27 April 2005. The head test pilot said that flying the A380 was like "like handling a bicycle". On 1 December 2005, the A380 reached its maximum speed, Mach 0.96. On 10 January 2006, the A380 made its first flight across the Atlantic, to Medellín, in Colombia.

On 3 October 2006, Airbus' CEO Christian Streiff said that the Airbus A380 was delayed because of problems with the software used to design the aircraft. The Toulouse factory used the latest version of CATIA (made by Dassault), but the people who were designing the plane in the Hamburg factory were using an older version. The 530 km of cables which go through the aircraft had to have their design completely changed. No airlines cancelled their orders, but Airbus still had to pay a lot of money because of the delay.

The first A380 was delivered to Singapore Airlines on 15 October 2007. It began to be used on 25 October 2007, when it flew between Singapore and Sydney. Two months later, Singapore Airlines' CEO Chew Choong Seng said that the A380 was better than both the airline and Airbus thought. It used 20% less fuel per passenger than the Boeing 747-400. Emirates was the second airline to get an A380 on 28 July 2008, and it used the A380 to fly between Dubai and New York on 1 August 2008. Qantas got the A380 on 19 September 2008, and its A380s flew between Melbourne and Los Angeles on 20 October 2008.

On 6 April 2006, it was announced that BAE Systems would sell its 20% of Airbus. Its share was worth about €3.5 billion (US$4.17 billion). At first, BAE wanted to agree a price with EADS informally.

On 2 July 2006, BAE's part of the company was thought to be worth about £1.9 billion (€2.75 billion), which was much less than what BAE, analysts, and even EADS thought. In September 2006, BAE sold its part of Airbus for £1.87 billion (€2.75 billion, $3.53 billion). On 4 October, BAE's shareholders decided that the sale should go ahead, meaning that Airbus is now completely owned by EADS.

On 28 February 2007, CEO Louis Gallois said that Airbus was planning to make some changes. The programme was called Power, and it got rid of 10,000 jobs over four years: 4,300 in France, 3,700 in Germany, 1,600 in the UK and 400 in Spain. Airbus factories in Saint Nazaire, Varel and Laupheim could be sold or closed, while Meaulte, Nordenham and Filton are "open to investors". Unions in France and Germany threatened to go on strike because of the job cuts.

At the 2011 Paris Air Show, Airbus got 730 orders for Airbus A320neo family planes. These orders were worth $72.2 billion, and the number of orders is a new record in aviation. The A320neo was announced in December 2010, and it got 667 orders. Together with the orders before that time, there were 1029 orders made within six months after the plane was launched, which is also a new record.

The first Airbus plane was the A300, the world's first twin-engined aircraft to have two aisles. A shorter version of the A300 is called the Airbus A310. Airbus launched the A320, which is special as it is the first commercial plane to use a digital fly-by-wire control system. The A320 has been, and still is, a very big success. The A318 and A319 are shorter versions, and the A321 is a longer version, of the A320. The A320's main rival is the Boeing 737 family.

The long-range wide-body planes, the Airbus A330 and the Airbus A340, have efficient wings, which also have winglets. The Airbus A340-500 can fly for , which is the second-longest range for any commercial plane, after the Boeing 777-200LR. All Airbus aircraft after the A320 have similar cockpits, which makes it easier to train pilots. Airbus stopped making A340s in 2011 because not enough planes were being sold compared to other planes like the Boeing 777.

Airbus is studying a replacement for the A320. This plane is called the Airbus NSR, for "New Short-Range aircraft". Those studies said that the NSR could burn 9–10% less fuel than the current A320. Instead of making a brand new plane, Airbus decided to make changes to the current A320 by adding winglets and other improvements. This updated type of A320 is called the "A320 Enhanced" and it should use 4–5% less fuel.

In July 2007, Airbus gave the last A300 to FedEx, which was when Airbus stopped making A300/A310s.

Airbus made parts and helped maintain Concorde until it was retired in 2003.

Airbus Executive and Private Aviation is the part of Airbus which makes private jets. After Boeing started the Boeing Business Jet, Airbus made the A319 Corporate Jet in 1997. As of December 2008, 121 corporate and private jets are being used and 164 aircraft have been ordered.
In the late 1990s Airbus became interested in designing and selling aircraft to the military. Airbus made planes for aerial refuelling with the Airbus A310 MRTT and the Airbus A330 MRTT, and tactical airlift with the A400M.

In January 1999, Airbus started another company, Airbus Military , to design and make a tactical transport aircraft, the Airbus Military A400M. The A400M was designed by several NATO members: Belgium, France, Germany, Luxembourg, Spain, Turkey, and the UK, so that these countries did not have to use foreign transport planes. The A400M has had many delays.

"* All models included."

"Data as of 31 May 2013."
Airbus is in a fierce rivalry with Boeing. Airbus won more plane orders in 2003 and 2004. In 2005, Airbus got 1111 orders, and Boeing got 1029. In 2006, Airbus had its second-best year ever, when it got 824 orders. The year before that was even better. In August 2010, Airbus said that it would be making more A320 airliners, so that 40 would be made every month by 2012, when Boeing was making more 737s, so that 35 would be made every month.

As of April 2013, 7,264 Airbus aircraft are being used. There are 21% more Boeing aircraft than Airbus, because Airbus has not existed as long as Boeing. However, Airbus is catching up, as older Boeings are being retired.
Recently, more Boeing 777s have been sold than Airbus planes like the A330-300. The A330-200 is the main rival of the 767, and the A330-200 has sold more than the 767.

Airbus has also made the Airbus A350 XWB to be a rival to the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. This was done because airlines were asking Airbus to make a plane to rival the 787.

Boeing has complained that Airbus gets unfair help from European governments. However, Airbus has said that Boeing gets money illegally from the United States government, as the U.S. government buys many of Boeing's military products.

The WTO said in August 2010 and in May 2011 that Airbus was given unfair help by governments of European countries. In February 2011, the WTO found that Boeing had been given help by U.S. governments which broke the WTO rules.

Airbus has many different factories for different planes. These are:

Airbus uses the "Beluga" to move different parts of Airbus planes from one factory to the other. Boeing also uses some Boeing 747s to do this to transport parts for the 787. However, some parts of the Airbus A380 are too large to be carried by the Beluga. These big A380 parts are brought to Bordeaux on a ship. They are then taken to Toulouse on the Itinéraire à Grand Gabarit.

Airbus opened a factory in Tianjin, People's Republic of China in 2009.

Airbus started making a $350 million factory in Harbin, China in July 2009. When it is finished, 1,000 people will work there.

Airbus has started "Flightpath", which will lower the amount of noise, CO and NOx made by Airbus planes.

Airbus has joined Honeywell and JetBlue Airways to lower the amount of pollution and how much oil planes need to use. They are trying to make a biofuel which could be used by 2030.

Airbus recently had the first flight using special fuel. It used 60% kerosene and 40% gas to liquids (GTL) fuel. It gave out the same amount of carbon, but less sulphur. The special fuel worked with Airbus' engine, so this type of fuel should not need new engines. This flight is thought to be a good advance towards environmentally-friendly planes.

Airbus names its planes in a special way. The format is: the plane name, a dash, and a three-digit number.

The three-digit number after the plane name means the aircraft series, the company which makes the engines, and the version of the engines. For example, an A320-200 with version one International Aero Engines (IAE) V2500 engines would be called the A320-231.




Rapid City, South Dakota

Rapid City is the second most populous city in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is in the western part of the state on the eastern edge of the Black Hills. Rapid City is the county seat of Pennington County.

It is a good starting point for the area around it, which is a tourist area. Local tourist sites include Mount Rushmore, the Black Hills, the Badlands, and Custer State Park.


Year without a Summer

The Year without a Summer was 1816. The year before that, in 1815, a volcano had erupted in the Dutch East Indies. The volcano's name was Mount Tambora. The volcanic ash from the eruption spread across the world. It darkened the sky, and made the Earth's surface colder. 

In much of Europe and northern North America, summer never came. In New England and Germany, there were frozen lakes in the middle of June. Flowers never bloomed, and every day was cold. These places and China suffered famine.

Capitol building

A capitol building (or just capitol) is a building in a capital city. People who control government work there to make laws. The building may have many offices. 

Some offices are for legislators, the people who make the laws. 

Some offices are for people who enforce laws, for example a president or governor. These people lead all people, and help them obey the laws.

Sometimes, there are offices for judges, people who help all people understand the laws. These judges are very powerful. A group of these judges can be called a supreme court or superior court.

Buildings similar to capitols are in other places. A smaller government like one in a county can be in a court house. A city government can be in a city hall.

Dissolve

The word dissolve can mean:


Jersey City, New Jersey

Jersey City is a city in Hudson County in the U.S. state of New Jersey. It is just across the Hudson River from New York City.

San Jose, California

San Jose (officially "San José") is a city in Santa Clara County, California in the United States. 

It is the third biggest city in California, after Los Angeles and San Diego. It is the 12th biggest city in the United States. It is south of San Francisco. The city has 1,000,000 people. It has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate ("Csb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

By the 1990s, San Jose and the rest of Silicon Valley had become the global center for high tech and internet industries, making it California's fastest-growing economy. It has very high home prices and is one of the most expensive places to live in the United States.

San Jose is home to San José State University as well as the hockey team San Jose Sharks.


Venus, Texas

Venus, Texas is a town in the United States. Around 4,361 people lived there (about 2,624 males and 1,737 females) in 2020.

Evergreen, Colorado

Evergreen, Colorado is a community in the United States, about 30 miles from Denver, Colorado.

Queens

Queens is a borough of New York City and a county of New York State. It was named for Catherine of Braganza, the Queen of England and wife of King Charles II of England.

Queens is in western Long Island. The East River separates it from Manhattan in the east and The Bronx in the north. Queens' only land boundary with another New York City borough is with Brooklyn in the south and west. Jamaica Bay separates most of Queens from its Rockaway Peninsula in the south. Nassau County lies to the east. Until 1899, Nassau County was part of Queens County. 

About 2.4 million people live in Queens and it is the largest borough of New York City in size and second in population (after Brooklyn). According to the United States census, Queens is the most ethnically diverse county in the USA. That means that it has the most people from different kinds of places, religions, and ethnic groups of any place in the USA. Large parts of Queens are urban and an equal part is suburban.

Queens is home to both of New York City's airports, LaGuardia Airport (LGA) and John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK). Queens is connected to the Bronx by three bridges: the Bronx Whitestone Bridge, the Throgs Neck Bridge and the Triborough Bridge. It is connected to Manhattan by two bridges and one tunnel: the Triborough Bridge, the Queensboro Bridge, and the Queens Midtown Tunnel.

Many controlled-access highways cross Queens, including I-495 (the Long Island Expressway), I-278 (the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway), and I-678 (the Van Wyck Expressway, pronounced Van Wike). Important state highways in Queens include the Grand Central Parkway, which becomes the Northern State Parkway when it crosses the Queens border into Nassau County.

Many New York City Subway lines go through Queens. The most famous is the Flushing Line, the 7 Train, which has the nickname "International Express" because it goes through many neighborhoods where many immigrants live. Other subway lines in Queens include the A Train, C Train, E Train, F Train, G Train, J Train, M Train, N Train, R Train, V Train, W Train, and Z Train.

Queens has a very large bus system that goes to all parts of the borough. Some bus routes go to Brooklyn, Manhattan, or the Bronx.

The Long Island Rail Road also has many stations in Queens. The Port Washington Line crosses northern Queens. There are busy stations at Woodside, Queens, Forest Hills, and Flushing. The central depot and main station for the railroad is in the neighborhood of Jamaica.

The New York Mets of the National League of Major League Baseball play in Citi Field in Queens. The U.S. Open, a famous and important tennis tournament, is played in Arthur Ashe Stadium in Flushing Meadows Park south of the baseball stadium.

Queens has dozens of neighborhoods and named areas. These include:

<br>

Toller Cranston

Toller Cranston (April 20, 1949 – January 24, 2015) was a Canadian figure skater.

Cranston was born in Hamilton, Ontario. He grew up in Kirkland Lake, Ontario. He was Canadian champion six times, and, despite never coming higher than third at a world championship, he came first in the free skate four times. He was well-respected for his artistic ability, and is recognized as someone who brought a new level of artistry to men's figure skating.

He skated as a professional for many years, choreographed (designed movement patterns for) skating routines, and was a commentator (talked about events) on T.V. during skating events. Many people don't realize that Toller was also an extremely successful and talented fine art painter. He funded his career off the sale of his artworks, and continued to paint ferociously until the end of his days. 

After his retirement, Cranston lived in San Miguel de Allende, Mexico. He was found dead at his home in San Miguel de Allende on the morning of January 24, 2015. He was 65 years old. His cause of death was later said to be a heart attack.



Montreal Canadiens

The Montreal Canadiens are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). Their nickname is the "Habs" (short for the French "Habitants", early settlers in Quebec from France). They have won the Stanley Cup championship 24 times, more than any other team.

The Canadiens (who use the French spelling of "Canadian") were formed in 1909, as part of the National Hockey Association.

They won their first Stanley Cup in 1916, with star players such as Edouard "Newsy" Lalonde and goaltender Georges Vezina. The Canadiens joined the NHL in 1917; Canadien Joe Malone won the first NHL scoring title (Art Ross Trophy). They won the Cup again in 1924, with players such as Billy Boucher. Howie Morenz was a big star in the early years of the NHL. He was a great skater. Morenz won the Hart Trophy, as the league's top player, three times. Goalie George Hainsworth played at the same time, and along with others such as Aurel Joliat, they won the Stanley Cup in 1930 and 1931.

It took 13 years before they won the Cup again. A young Maurice "The Rocket" Richard, star goalie Bill Durnan,Hector "Toe" Blake, and Elmer Lach led the Canadiens to the cup again in 1944, as well as 1946. Richard scored 50 goals in a 50-game season in 1944-45. No one did that again for 36 years. He led the NHL in goals five times.

The Canadiens became a very powerful team in the 1950s. Led by legendary center Jean Beliveau, Doug Harvey (who won seven Norris Trophies as best defence, six on Montreal), Bernie "Boom Boom" Geoffrion, Dickie Moore, Jacques Plante (who won seven Vezina Trophies for goalies), and Richard (along with his younger brother, Henri, the "Pocket Rocket"), the team won the Cup in 1953, and five times in a row, 1956 through 1960. They won again in 1965, 1966, 1968, and 1969.

New players led the team in the 1970s: Guy Lafleur, Ken Dryden, Bob Gainey, Larry Robinson, and Yvon Cournoyer led them to the cup in 1971, 1973, and four times in a row, 1976 through 1979. By 1979, they had won the Stanley Cup 16 times in 27 years.


Notes

Hockey

Hockey is a type of sport in which players try to get points by hitting an object into the other team's goal with a stick. Others believe hockey came from the French word “hoquet” which means shepherd's stick. James Creighton, an engineer who learned how to play the game of hockey while living in Nova Scotia, is credited for bringing the game to a new level. He taught his friends at McGill University in Montreal how to play the game. 
There are three main ways that hockey is played.

Evidence exists that shows ancient Aztecs, Greeks and Romans played similar forms of the game. The modern game of field hockey came to fruition in the mid-19th century in Great Britain. The British army brought the game to its colonies, and the first international competition took place in 1895.
A hockey glove,
A hockey stick,
A gum shield,
Shin pads,
Astro trainers[give more grip]

Tyresta National Park

Tyresta National Park is a small national park in Sweden. It only has about 50 square kilometers (or 19 square miles) of land. It is located near the capital city of Stockholm. A large fire burned almost 10 percent of the park in 1999, but the animals and plants have come back and are now doing fine.


St. Basil's Cathedral

St. Basil's Cathedral, also known as the Cathedral of Intercession, is a very famous cathedral in Moscow, Russia. It is officially known as the Cathedral of the Intercession of the Most Holy Theotokos on the Moat, or Pokrovsky Cathedral. It was commissioned by Ivan IV (Ivan the Terrible), for Saint Basil the Blessed. It is in the area called Red Square. It was built in 1555-1561.

The cathedral is has eight distinctive onion-shaped towers. The building itself is made up of separate chapels. There is a ninth spire in the middle, forming an eight-point star.

The cathedral has been close to destruction many times. Napoleon Bonaparte decided to take it to Paris, but such an undertaking would have been impossible. Instead, he ordered it to be demolished. Explosives were lit, but torrential rain suddenly started, extinguishing the fuses. 

Joseph Stalin also ordered it to be destroyed, since it interfered with parades. Pyotr Baranovsky, who was the architect in charge, objected and was sent to the GULAG but the demolition was cancelled. The city of Moscow also caught fire numerous times, and the cathedral wasn't spared. Even so, it still stands to this very day.

Newport, Wales

Newport is a city in the southeast of Wales, Great Britain. It is in the county of Monmouthshire, and in the historic Welsh kingdom of Gwent. Its name in Welsh is Casnewydd. It is the third biggest city in Wales. Newport became a city in 2002. About 140,000 people live in Newport.

A few years ago, Newport had lots of people working in the steel factory and other heavy industries. This has changed, now many people work in electronics, such as making computers, phones and microchips.

Monmouthshire

Monmouthshire is a county in Wales in the west of Great Britain. From the end of the Middle Ages until the year 1974, Monmouthshire was a part of England for some purposes and a part of Wales for others. Then, in 1972, the Parliament decided that it was going to be in Wales from 1974 onwards.

The chief town in the area is Newport. Other important towns are Cwmbran, where the county council meets, Monmouth, the county town and Abergavenny.

Death grunt

A death grunt is when a singer uses a scream which is very low and deep. It is used in many types of music, but usually death metal and black metal. In many people's opinions, it is hard to understand the death grunt. However, some people who listen to them a lot think they are not so hard to understand. Some people believe that death grunts in music sound "scary", so they do not like them.

Bands that use death growls include Necrophagist, Morbid Angel, Opeth, and many more.
Bands that use higher screams that come from the throat include Escape the Fate, Alesana and Greeley Estates.

Other terms for death grunts are death growls, harsh vocals, and unclean vocals.

Clique

A clique is a small group of people who like the same things. Sometimes, people use the word clique to talk about groups of young people. The word is also used to talk about groups of adults, usually groups of politicians.

In a clique there are leaders and followers. A clique may also have people they do not like. Such people are called outcasts. The outcasts were followers, then they were not liked.

Goth subculture

A goth is a word usually used to describe a person who listens to gothic music and/or dresses in a goth style clothes. Goths often wear black and unusual jewelry. Both goth men and goth women often wear make-up.

The "goth subculture" originated in the early 1980s among fans of the first gothic rock group, Bauhaus.

The word goth comes from the word "Gothic" which actually means "gloomy" or "dark". This meaning of the word comes from "gothic fiction", a type of literature popular during the late 18th and early 19th century. 

People who call themselves a goth are those who live up the meaning of the name through wearing clothes or putting on makeup that is in colours that represent death, decay, or gloominess, such as the colour black, deathly white face makeup, dark bloody red colours, or the tones of the colour puce.
Goths wear normal black clothes and mix them with other colours to make a new look.

Goth people are often mistaken to be emo or punk because of the everyday stereotypes. 

Cigarette

Cigarettes can be any dried leaf that people roll in thin paper to smoke, but the word is most often used to refer ones with dried tobacco leaves. The nicotine in the tobacco can be addictive to people. The nicotine from cigarettes makes people want to smoke more, even if they do not like the taste or its other effects.

The smoke also has other things that are bad for people's health. Many countries have laws saying who can smoke tobacco cigarettes and where they can smoke them. They can cause lung cancer, heart disease and many other diseases. Most packs of cigarettes have warning labels on them. Until the mid-1950s, cigarettes were advertised as being healthy or at least not harmful. Tobacco companies used images of doctors smoking in their advertisements to falsely convince the public that cigarettes were safe. Cigarettes were advertised as a remedy for throat irritation, the common cold, obesity, indigestion, and even asthma. Today, all of the major tobacco companies admit that cigarettes are harmful to health.

Smokers have symptoms such as frequent coughing, chest pain, and breathlessness. Doctors say that people should not smoke, as it can harm almost every organ in the body.

Cigarette smoke contains many harmful substances. Among them are nicotine, tar, carcinogens and carbon monoxide.


Gdańsk

Gdańsk is a city in the north of Poland in Pomeranian Voivodeship, near the place where the Vistula river meets the Baltic Sea. It is Poland's 6th largest city (population of 500 000 people) and the largest and most important sea port.

It has existed since the 10th century and many times played a very important role in Poland's history. In the 19th century it was part of Prussia. This is where Solidarity, the movement which helped end Communist rule in Central and Eastern Europe, came to life.

Gdansk has a humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Köppen climate classification).

The sixth Wikimania was hosted in this city in 2010.


Montserrat

Montserrat is a Caribbean island and a British Overseas Territory. Its governor is Deborah Barnes-Jones. Officially, the capital is Plymouth, but the government has moved to Brades after Chances Peak erupted, destroying Plymouth in 1995.

Before the island was called Montserrat, Kalinago and Taíno people had lived in the region for a long time. They knew it as Alliouagana.

Montserrat was colonised mostly by Irish Catholics. They brought many black slaves to the island and forced them to work on sugar plantations. The work the slaves made many plantations grow wealthy. When slavery was made illegal in the 1830s, the British Empire paid all the slave owners.

Malawi

Malawi ("Republic of Malawi") is a country in south-east Africa. It has borders with the countries of Tanzania, Zambia, and Mozambique. The capital of Malawi is Lilongwe and the spoken languages are English and Chichewa. The official language of Malawi is English. The total size is about 118480 km² and there are about 100 people per km². The country is also called "The Warm Heart of Africa". Malawi is one of the smallest countries in Africa. Lake Malawi takes about a third of Malawi's area.

Bantu people started living in Malawi in the 10th century. In 1891 the area became a colony of the United Kingdom. In 1953 Malawi, then called as Nyasaland, as a protectorate of the United Kingdom, became an almost independent country called Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland. The Federation was ended in 1963. In 1964 the protection of the United Kingdom over Nyasaland was ended. Nyasaland became an independent country which was ruled by Queen Elizabeth and was called Malawi. Two years later it became a republic. After getting independence it became a one-party rule which was ruled by Hastings Banda. He was president until 1994. Peter Mutharika is the current president. Malawi has a democratic, many party government. Malawi has a small military: army, a navy and an air support. Malawi has good relations with Western countries and most countries in the world. Malawi has joined some international organizations.

Malawi is one of the poorest countries in the world. Economy is based in farming. Most of the population live in field areas. Country gets aid from other countries. Government has a hard time building and expanding the economy and develop health care, education and environment safety. Since 2005 some programs have been developed to focus on these problems.

Malawi has a low life expectancy and high infant mortality. People become ill with AIDS. Africans, Asians and Europeans are living in the country and they speak in different languages.

People have lived in the area of Malawi for thousands of years. At first they were hunter-gatherers. Bantu groups came to the area around the 10th century. Most of the Bantu groups went to south but some started living there and made ethnic groups based on familiar race.

By 1500 AD groups came together and made Maravi empire, which streched from north of what is now Nkhotakota to the Zambezi River and from Lake Malawi to the Luangwa River in what is now Zambia.

After 1600 the area was united under one ruler and began trading and making connection with Portuguese traders and members of the military through the Mozambican port which was occupied by Portuguese. By 1700 the empire had broken up into areas that were controlled by individual groups of people which was known by the Portuguese by collecting information. The Swahili-Arab slave trade had its highest amount in the middle of 1800s when about 20,000 people were forced to become slaves and were sold every year.

In 1859 British explorer David Livingstone found Lake Malawi (then it was called Lake Nyasa) and thought that Shire Highlands to the south of the lake was a good place for Europeans to make a colony. Many British missions were done in the area in the 1860s and 1870s. The African Lakes Company Limited was made in 1878 to set up a trade and transport that helped with the missions, and a small mission and trading area was made at Blantyre in 1876 and a British Consul started living there in 1883.

Malawi became an independent country on 6 July 1964. Hastings Banda became the first president. Constitution made Malawi become a republic and one-party state. Banda's Malawi Congress Party (MCP) was the only legal party in the country. In 1971, Banda became president for life. For almost 30 years, Banda ruled over a harsh government which kept Malawi out from war.

Banda showed how a poor country with no access to sea, big population and no minerals can develop farming and industries. Banda made a business empire that produced one-third of the country's GDP and used 10% of the workers who got paid. All money made by Banda was used to develop Malawi.

Under pressure for free politics, Banda held an referendum in 1993, where population voted for many party, democratic government. In late 1993 a presidential council was made, president for life was ended and new constitution was put in place, ending MCP rule. In 1994 the first many party elections were held in Malawi, and Banda was defeated by Bakili Muluzi.



Electromagnetic radiation

Electromagnetic waves are waves that contain an electric field and a magnetic field and carry energy. They travel at the speed of light (299,792,458 meters per second).

Quantum mechanics developed from the study of electromagnetic waves. This field includes the study of both visible and invisible light. Visible light is the light one can see with normal eyesight in the colours of the rainbow. Invisible light is light one can't see with normal eyesight and includes more energetic and higher frequency waves, such as ultraviolet, x-rays and gamma rays. Waves with longer lengths, such as infrared, micro and radio waves, are also explored in the field of Quantum mechanics.

Some types of electromagnetic radiation, such as X-rays, are ionizing radiation and can be harmful to your body. Ultraviolet rays are near the violet end of the light spectrum and infrared are near the red end. Infrared rays are used as heat rays and ultraviolet rays cause sunburn.

The various parts of the electromagnetic spectrum differ in wavelength, frequency and quantum energy.

Sound waves are not electromagnetic waves but waves of pressure in air, water or any other substance.

In physics, it is well known that the wave equation for a typical wave is

formula_1

The problem now is to prove that Maxwell's equations explicitly prove that the electric and magnetic fields create electromagnetic radiation. Recall that two of Maxwell's equations are given by

formula_2

formula_3

By evaluating the curl of the above equations and vector calculus one can prove the following equations

formula_4

formula_5

Note: the proof involves making the substitution

formula_6

The equations above are analogous to the wave equation, by replacing f with E and B. The above equations mean that propagations through the magnetic (B) and electric (E) fields will produce waves.




Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is an island nation in the Caribbean Sea. It is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States and CARICOM.

The country speaks English as its official language. The capital, and its main port, is Kingstown.

Its national bird is the Saint Vincent Amazon, an endemic bird of the Saint Vincent island.

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is a parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy with King Charles III as head of state. The King does not live in the islands but he is represented in the country by the Governor-General, currently Sir Frederick Ballantyne.

Control of the government rests with the elected prime minister and his or her cabinet. The current Prime Minister is Ralph Gonsalves.

The country has no formal armed forces, although the police has a Special Service Unit that has a supporting role on the island.

The Parliament is unicameral is formed only by the House of Assembly with 21 seats: 15 representatives elected by popular vote to serve five-year terms and 6 appointed senators. The last elections were held on 13 December 2010 and the next will be held in 2015.

The island now known as Saint Vincent was originally named "Youloumain" by the native Caribs. The Caribs inhabited Saint Vincent before the Europeans arrived, and it is possible still to find Carib artifacts in the island.

Christopher Columbus explored in 1498 the main island on Saint Vincent's Day. The Caribs did not allowed Europeans to settle in Saint Vincent until 1719 when some French people came from Martinique and began to grow coffee, tobacco, indigo, cotton and sugar cane with the help of African slaves.

In 1763 by the Treaty of Paris, France gave control of Saint Vincent to Britain; France took the island again in 1779, but the British then regained Saint Vincent under the Treaty of Versailles (1783).

In 1834 slavery was abolished and people from the Portuguese island of Madeira and from India came to work as agricultural workers.

In 1871 the group of islands became part of the Windward Islands Colony and in 1956 a member of the Federation of the Windward Islands. In 1958 Saint Vincent joined the Federation of the West Indies and in 1969 it got full internal self-government. Finally in 1979 it became an Independent Sovereign State within the Commonwealt.

The estimated population in 2003 was 103,220. The population density is 265 persons per square kilometre.

The ethnic composition was 66% Black, 19% Mixed, 6.0% East Indian, 4.0% European (mainly Portuguese), 2.0% Carib Amerindian, 3.0% others.

The official language of the islands is English but most people use the Vicentian Creole English.

The people of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines was 75% Protestant (47% Anglicans, 28% Methodists), 13% Catholics, 12% other (Hindu, Seventh-Day Adventists, other Protestant).

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is a group of islands of the Caribbean Sea. It lies to the west of Barbados, south of Saint Lucia and north of Grenada in the Windward Islands of the Lesser Antilles.

There are 32 islands and cays, including the main island of Saint Vincent () and the northern two-thirds of the Grenadines (), which are a chain of small islands stretching south from Saint Vincent to Grenada. The largest and most populated Grenadines islands are Bequia, Mustique, Canouan and Union Island.

The main island of Saint Vincent, at , is long and wide, and has an area of , or about 88% of the total country area, 19 times that of the country's second largest island Bequia. It is dominated by the highest mountain in the country and an active volcano, La Soufrière (), which erupted violently in 1812 and 1902. The most recent eruption was on April 13, 1979. The island has many mountains and forests. The island is tropical humid, with an average of between 18 and 31 °C depending on the altitude.

The Saint Vincent Passage is between the Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent islands, and the Bequia Channel is between the Grenadines and Saint Vincent islands.
The Grenadines islands lie between the islands of Saint Vincent in the north and Grenada in the south. Neither Saint Vincent nor Grenada are Grenadine islands. The islands north of the Martinique Channel belong to Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and the islands south of the channel belong to Grenada.

These islands make up the Grenadines Parish

Administratively, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is divided into six parishes. Five parishes are on Saint Vincent, while the sixth is made up of the Grenadine islands. Kingstown is located in the Parish of Saint George and is the capital city and central administrative centre of the country.


Tropical rainforest climate is a type of tropical climate in which there is no dry season - all months have mean precipitation values of at least . Tropical rainforest climates have no pronounced summer or winter; it is typically hot and wet throughout the year and rainfall is both heavy and frequent.

The Köppen climate classification subtype for this climate is Af (Tropical Rainforest Climate).

The average yearly temperature is . The coolest months are between November and February. During the rainy season, May through October, rain is frequent in the mountains of St. Vincent with the annual average rainfall being away from the coast and on the coast.


Adolph Rupp

Adolph Frederick Rupp (September 2, 1901 – December 10, 1977) was an American college basketball coach. He coached the University of Kentucky's basketball team for 42 years from 1930 to 1972. He helped the team win 4 national NCAA championships. Rupp Arena in Lexington, Kentucky is named after him.

Miami Dolphins

The Miami Dolphins are an American football team in the National Football League based in Miami, Florida. The Dolphins began playing in 1966 and in 1972 they had the only perfect season in NFL history and won a Super Bowl, with Bob Griese leading the team as quarterback. The other Super Bowl win came a year later, in 1973. Another quarterback, Dan Marino, is a more recent famous player from this club. The Miami Dolphins stadium is Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida. 


Oksana Grishuk

Oksana Vladimirovna Grishuk (born March 17, 1972 in Odessa, Ukraine) is a Russian retired ice dancer. She and her partner, Evgeny Platov, won two Olympic gold medals and four world championships.

Grishuk began training in skating at the age of four. She moved to Moscow in 1986, and studied at the Sport University from 1988 to 1992.

After they won the gold medal in the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan, Platov decided to skate as a professional with a different partner, Maya Usova, so Grishuk began skating professionally alone. 



Evgeny Platov

Evgeny Platov (born August 7, 1967, Odessa, Ukraine).

He was a Russian dancer, and began skating when he was nine years old. He studied at the Physical Institute of Culture in Moscow. 

Platov won two Olympic gold medals and four world championships with his partner, Oksana Grishuk 

After the 1998 Olympics in Nagano, Japan, Platov started skating as a professional with a different partner, Maya Usova, until he retired from performing in 2002. He is now a coach at Princeton Sports Center in Princeton, New Jersey. 



Tetris

Tetris is a puzzle game, developed in the Soviet Union by Alexey Pajitnov in 1985. It has appeared on many video game systems.

Many companies have published "Tetris" games, such as Nintendo for the Game Boy and Nintendo Entertainment System. The Tetris Company, founded in 1996 by Pajitnov and Henk Rogers, manages and licenses the Tetris brand.

With over 500 million copies sold across all of its different versions, it is the best-selling video game of all time.

In a game of "Tetris", shapes known as tetrominoes fall down into a playing field, which is usually ten squares wide and twenty squares tall. There are seven different tetrominoes. The goal of the player is to move and turn the falling tetrominoes so they fill an entire row of the playing field. When a row is completely filled, it disappears and the lines above it move down to fill the space. This is called a line clear.

Clearing lines give points. A player gets more points if they clear more than one line with one tetromino. Clearing one line is called a "single", two lines a "double", three lines a "triple", and four lines a "Tetris". Clearing two Tetrises in a row is called a Back-to-Back Tetris. The player can also turn a T-shaped Tetrimino into a T-shaped hole before it finishes falling to get more points. This move is called a "T-Spin".

Levels have a set goal, or number of lines to clear. When the goal number reaches zero, the player moves to the next level. As the levels go up, tetrominoes fall faster.

Modern versions of Tetris follow a set of rules written by The Tetris Company. These rules, known as the "Tetris Guideline", make sure all Tetris games look and feel familiar. For example, these rules state what each button on a game controller must do, and what colour each tetromino should be.

In older versions of the game, the player loses when the tetrominos make it to the top of the playing field. In more modern versions of the game, they can lose in two ways. The first is when they place a piece completely above the playing field. The second way to lose is if a player places a piece that blocks the next piece from spawning in. 

On the Game Boy, there are several musical themes played. The theme for level 1 and used in the Game Boy version is often called the "Tetris Theme". It is actually a Russian dance called "Korobeiniki", or "The Peddlers." Other themes include music by Johann Sebastian Bach and the Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy.

Moldova

Moldova is a country in Eastern Europe. Its full name is the Republic of Moldova (, .) It used to be called Moldavia. It borders Ukraine to the east and Romania to the west.

The official language in Moldova is the Romanian language. The capital of Moldova is Chișinău.

The Russian Empire took almost half of the Principality of Moldova in 1812 and called it Bessarabia. Between 19181940 and 19411944 it was part of the Kingdom of Romania. It became independent from the Soviet Union after the latter country's dissolution.

The average monthly salary/wages are still low, standing at only US$243. Moldova is an associated country for future membership in the European Union.



Polish

Polish can mean:
When written with upper-case "P":

When written with lower-case "p":

Polish language

Polish () is the official language of Poland. It is the most common Western Slavic language and the second Slavic language, after Russian.

Polish has been an important language in Central and Eastern Europe. Polish is now spoken by over 43.5 million people as their first language in Poland. It is also spoken as a Second language in western parts of Belarus, Lithuania and Ukraine. Because of emigration during different times, millions of Polish-speakers can be found in Australia, Ireland, Brazil, Canada, United Kingdom, United States and elsewhere. There are over 50 million speakers around the world.

There are 9 letters in Polish that English does not have. They look like English letters with marks above or below them.

In lower case, the 9 letters are: ą ć ę ł ń ś ó ź ż

In upper case, the 9 letters are: Ą Ć Ę Ł Ń Ś Ó Ź Ż

There are 3 English letters not used in Polish: q, v, x.

There are 7 combinations of 2 letters that are like a single letter sound (similar to "th" or "qu" in English). These include "ch", "cz", "dz", "dź", "dż", "rz", "sz".

Many letters have the same sound in Polish and English, such as "f" "m", and others, but other letters sound different: Polish "w" sounds like an English "v", and Polish "ł" sounds like an English "w". There are also some Polish sounds that do not exist in English and some English sounds that do not exist in Polish.

The vowels "ą" and "ę" are nasal and so they are pronounced by blowing air partly out of both the nose and the mouth.

Most words are pronounced with an accent on the second-last syllable: "student" (which means the same as the English word) is pronounced with the accent on "stu" ("STU-dent"), and "studenci" (the plural form of "student") is pronounced with the accent on "den" (stu-DEN-ci).

The Polish language has several dialects but they are more similar to one another than most other European languages. There are small differences, but all speakers can understand one another, and non-native speakers often cannot notice the differences.

Grammar is complex, and has features that are unlike English.

Like many other languages, Polish has grammatical gender. A table ("stół") is masculine, a book ("książka") is feminine, and a window ("okno") is neuter.

Nouns and adjectives and verbs have many endings, depending on their role in a sentence. There are 7 cases that show the role of a noun in a Polish sentence. Each has its own ending, which also depends on the gender of the noun.

Word order is freer than in English, partly because the case and gender endings help to understand the role of the noun. In English, "The boy bites the dog" is quite different from "The dog bites the boy", but in Polish, both orders can be used without confusion.

Dzień dobry (Dz'yehn DOH-brih) - "Good morning" or "Good afternoon"

Dobry wieczór (DOH-brih v-YETCH-oor) - "Good evening'

Do widzenia (doh vee-DZEN-yah) - "Good bye"

Cześć! (tsheshch) - "Hi", "Hello!" or "Bye"

Tak (tahk) - "Yes" (in Polish, long-short answers like "Yes, I did" are not needed, and Tak is enough)

Nie (nyeh) - "No" or "Not" (in Polish, long-short answers like "No, I won't" are not needed, and Nie is enough)

Jak się masz? (yahk shyeh mahsh) - "How do you do?"

Co robisz? (tsoh robish) - "What you doing?"

Jak się nazywasz? (YAHK shyeh nahZYvash) or Jak masz na imię? (YAHK mahsh nah EE-myeng/EE-myeh) - "What's your name?"

Nazywam się... (nah-ZIH-vahm shyeh) - "My (name and) surname is..."

Mam na imię... (mahm nah EE-myeng/EE-myeh) - "My (given) name is..."

Nie mówię po Polsku (nyeh MOW-vyeng/MOW-vyeh poh POL-skoo) - "I do not speak Polish"

Lubię Cię (loo-bee-EH chyeh) - "I like you"

Kocham Cię (koh-hahm chyeh) - "I love you"

Nie mówię po Angielsku (nyeh MOW-vyeng/MOW-vyeh poh ahng-YEL-skoo) - "I do not speak English"

Jak dojechać na lotnisko/dworzec (yak do-YEH-khatch nah lot-NEE-sco/dvo-ZHETS) - "How do you get the airport/rail station?"(where dworzec - "station" means "rail station" by default)

Jeden (ye-den) -One

Dwa (dva) -Two

Trzy (Trzhi) -Three

Georgia

Georgia could mean either of two things:


Kryptos

Kryptos is the name of a sculpture (art that is like a statue) on the grounds of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in Langley, Virginia, USA. Kryptos is very famous. It has codes (secret hidden messages) on it. There are four messages. People know what three of the messages say. No one knows what the fourth message says yet.

A man named Jim Sanborn made "Kryptos" in 1990. Kryptos is in a garden in the middle of a building called CIA Headquarters. 

Not very many people have seen "Kryptos", because only a few people are allowed to go into the CIA building. They do very important work at the CIA, and have to be very careful.

The word Kryptos comes from the Greek language. It means "hidden".

The sculpture is about 12 feet high and 20 feet long. It is made of metal and different kinds of rocks. It has thousands of letters and other things written in the metal. 

The first person to find out what the first three messages say, was Jim Gillogly. He learned the answers in 1999. After he said what the answer was, the CIA said that a man who works at the CIA, David Stein, knew the answer too. A few years later the NSA (another agency in Washington D.C.) said that they had people who had solved it too.

Before he made "Kryptos", Jim Sanborn had not made any other sculptures with letters on them. After "Kryptos" he made many other sculptures with letters on them. Some of them have secret messages. One is called Antipodes. There are two copies of Antipodes. One belongs to a man in California. The other is in a museum in Washington DC called the Hirshhorn Museum. 

Another sculpture that Sanborn made which has secret messages is called the "Cyrillic Projector". It has secret messages in Russian. The Cyrillic Projector was independently cracked by Michael Bales and Frank Corr in 2003.

There are two famous books that talk about "Kryptos", which were written by Dan Brown. He wrote a book in 2003 called "The Da Vinci Code". On the cover of the book is art. In the art there are secret messages. Two of the messages talk about "Kryptos". Dan Brown wrote another book in 2009 called "The Lost Symbol", which also talks about "Kryptos".



Lech Wałęsa

Lech Walesa (Polish: Lech Wałęsa (pronounced [lɛx vaˈwɛ̃sa])) (born September 29, 1943) is a Polish shipyard worker, trade unionist and a politician who used to be the leader of Solidarity and the President of Poland between 1990 and 1995. Walesa won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983.

List of football clubs in the Netherlands

These are some Dutch football (soccer) teams.

Season 2018/19


Charles de Gaulle

General Charles André Joseph Marie de Gaulle (22 November 1890 - 9 November 1970) was a French military and political leader. He was president of France from 1959 to 1969. He was a founding member and leader of the French Resistance during the Second World War. 

De Gaulle chaired the Provisional Government of the French Republic from 1944 to 1946 in order to re-establish democracy in France.

In 1958, he came out of retirement: the Algerian War was happening. He rewrote the Constitution of France and founded the Fifth Republic after it was approved by a referendum. He was elected President of France later that year, a position to which he was re-elected in 1965 and held until his resignation in 1969.

The National Assembly brought him back to power in May 1958. He granted independence to Algeria. 900,000 French people in Algeria (called "les pieds-noire") left for France. The Organisation armée secrète (OAS) tried to kill him. Frederick Forsyth used this incident as a basis for his novel "The Day of the Jackal".

After the Algerian conflict, de Gaulle wanted to improve the French economy, and have an independent foreign policy. This was called by foreign observers the "politics of grandeur" ("politique de grandeur"). See Gaullism.

The French economy recorded high growth rates. In 1964, for the first time in nearly 100 years, France's GDP overtook that of the United Kingdom. This period is still remembered in France with some nostalgia as the peak of the "Trente Glorieuses" ("Thirty Glorious Years" of economic growth between 1945 and 1974).

De Gaulle had many admirers, but he was also one of the most hated men in modern French history.


De Gaulle died in Colombey-les-Deux-Églises in 1970 while playing cards because of a brain aneurysm.

Sumatran tiger

The Sumatran tiger ("Panthera tigris sumatrae") is the smallest living tiger subspecies. Only the extinct Bali tiger was smaller. It is listed as critically endangered. They are in danger due to hunting and the destruction of their habitat. It is estimated that there are only about 400-700 Sumatran tigers left in the wild.

The Sumatran tiger lives only on the Indonesian island of Sumatra. It can be found in low and highland areas, mountainous jungles, and peat swamp forests.

Like other tiger subspecies, the Sumatran tiger has deep orange fur with black stripes. Every tiger has its own pattern of stripes, with none being the same. The Sumatran tiger has very long back legs, which allow it to jump great distances. Even though they are the smallest of the tiger subspecies, Sumatran tigers are still very large, reaching to the length of 9 feet (2.7 meters), and weighing up to 165-250 pounds (75–114 kg). Sumatran tigers have webbed feet. This allows them to swim easily.

The Sumatran tiger is found only on the Indonesian island of Sumatra, where the Sumatran tiger can be found from low and highland areas, to mountainous jungles and peat swamp forests.

Sumatran tigers ambush their prey, using their long, powerful legs, jaws, and claws to catch and kill their prey. They have extremely good eyesight and hearing, which helps them to find their prey. Sumatran tigers feed mainly on wild boar and deer, and they can eat more than 40 pounds of meat at a time.

Female Sumatran tigers reach maturity at the age of around three to four years. Males turn mature at the age of around four to five years. Females are pregnant for about 95–110 days, and the females give birth in hidden and private areas and raise the cubs alone. They give birth to around 2-3 cubs at a time, but they can sometimes give birth to six cubs. The cubs’ eyes are closed at birth, and they don't open fully until the cub is one or two weeks old. Cubs feed on milk for three to six months and start hunting with their mother at the age of about five or six months. They will stay with their mother until they are fully able to hunt on their own, which doesn't happen until the cubs are at least 18 months to 2 years old. In the wild, Sumatran tigers live an average of 15 years.


American Film Institute

The American Film Institute (AFI) is an independent, organization that is designed not to make money created by the National Endowment for the Arts, which was started in 1967 when President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act.

George Stevens, Jr. was the first CEO. Since 1980, Jean Picker Firstenberg has been CEO.

Older figures in AFI's Conservatory train newer people.

The institute also wants to keep old film, which could soon be destroyed.

Even though its name only mentions film, AFI also works on television and video.

In 1973, the AFI began handing out Life Achievement Awards.

In 1998, when American cinema had existed for 100 years, AFI began its 100 Years Series, which helped people become interested in the history of movies.

Recently, it built and started the AFI Silver theatre in Silver Spring, Maryland near Washington, D.C.

In honour of the hundredth birthday of American cinema, the AFI has made several lists of the best movie-related things:



Fullback

A fullback or full back is the name of a defensive position in a football (soccer) game. A fullback is also an offensive position in American football that usually blocks for the quarterback or a running back.

Antonio Meucci

Antonio Meucci (Florence, April 13, 1808 – October 18, 1889) was an Italian inventor. He invented the first type of telephone, also known as the first 'talking telegraph' 1857. In 2002, the United States House of Representatives ruled that he invented the first working telephone, although Alexander Graham Bell was first to patent it. 

8 Mile

8 Mile is a 2002 American drama movie starring rapper Eminem, Kim Basinger, Brittany Murphy and Mekhi Phifer. It is set in 1995 in Detroit, Michigan.

The film tells about a young white rapper living in inner city Detroit. He tries to make a rap career but most rappers are African Americans.

The film was a critical and financial success. Eminem won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "Lose Yourself".

African Americans

An African American is a person who lives in the United States whose ancestors were from Africa. It could also mean a first generation African immigrant who has citizenship in the United States. Some African Americans are also of Caribbean or Afro-Latino ancestry.

The term is usually associated with black people. This is because of many African Americans' dark skin due to having Sub-Saharan African ancestors. Many Africans were brought to the United States in the slave trade. Many of the U.S. population (especially in many urban or city areas) are African American. Many others live in rural areas in the Southern United States. Detroit has the highest percent of blacks in the nation, and many live in other big cities. Cities with the highest percent of African Americans are Jackson, Mississippi; New Orleans; Memphis; Miami Gardens; and Savannah, Georgia. New York City and Chicago have the largest population of African Americans. Other cities with a high African American population are Baltimore, Houston, Atlanta, Philadelphia, Baton Rouge, Washington, D.C. and Dallas. States with the highest percentage of African Americans are Mississippi, Louisiana, Georgia, Maryland, South Carolina, Alabama, Delaware, North Carolina, Virginia and Tennessee. African Americans are third largest ethnic group in the United States after White Americans and Hispanic and Latino Americans. African Americans are the second largest ancestral group in the United States after Germans. Many African Americans have European and Native American ancestry. The first African slaves were brought on a Dutch boat from Angola in 1619 to the British colony of Jamestown in Virginia. New York City has the largest African American population by city.

African-American refers to a specific range of diverse cultures with a common thread of ethnic connection to Africa. This term was created to describe an ethnic/cultural link to Africa for people who are American, somewhat like the case of Italian Americans, Irish Americans, or Polish Americans. However, a description based on language may be very different from one based on skin color.

The 'African' in African-American acknowledges the connection to a number of African cultures, not one in particular. The 'American' shows the nationality and culture of the United States. A person born in Nigeria is still Nigerian even if he or she comes to the United States and lives here for the rest of their life. If that person wants to say that they are an American citizen, they would simply say "I am an American citizen". His American-born children might call themselves Nigerian-American OR African-American.

Some Caribbeans such as Jamaicans do not identify as African American, even if they have African ancestry.

In America, and from an American point of view, the term 'Black' is often applied to other ethnic groups throughout the world who do not necessarily see themselves as Black, such as Australian Aborigines, for example. African American culture was born in the United States and is distinct from any single African culture.

African-American is a term that many Black people chose to call themselves because they found the term "Negro" offensive.

In America there are many immigrants of mixed race that includes African descent, like Cape Verdeans, Dominicans, Cubans, Brazilians and Puerto Ricans. These groups, by and large, do not think of themselves as Black or African American and object to these labels.

Many mixed race Americans also resist pressure to identify themselves as Black or White. Blasians (Black Asians) and Afro-Hispanics also resist this pressure.

Alabama has a large population of African Americans. African Americans were enslaved in the state.

African Americans constitute 15.4 percent of Arkansas’s population, according to the 2010 census, and they have been present in Arkansas since the earliest days of European settlement. Originally brought to Arkansas in large numbers as slaves, people of African ancestry drove the state’s plantation economy until long after the Civil War. African Americans have exerted a profound influence upon all aspects of the state’s history and culture.

Atlanta was the home of Martin Luther King Jr. and an important place in the Civil Rights Movement. It has been referred to as a "black mecca".

Delaware has a significant African American population. African Americans were enslaved in the state. In 1721, an estimated 2,000-5,000 black slaves lived in Pennsylvania and the three lower counties on the Delaware.

As of the 2010 U.S. Census, African Americans were 31.2% of Georgia's population.

The first black people to live in Texas were Afro-Mexicans when Texas was a Spanish colony. Texas has one of the largest African-American populations in the country. African Americans are concentrated in northern, eastern and east-central Texas as well as the Dallas, Houston and San Antonio metropolitan areas. African Americans form 24 percent of both the cities of Dallas and Houston, 19% of Fort Worth, 8.1 percent of Austin, and 7.5 percent of San Antonio.

Virginia is home to the longest continuous experience of African American life and culture in the United States spanning more than four centuries – beginning before the first English settlement at Jamestown and through the Revolutionary War, Civil War, Emancipation and the Civil Rights eras.

Outside of the United States, the history of African Americans in Ghana goes back to people such as American civil rights activist and writer W. E. B. Du Bois, who settled in Ghana in the last years of his life and is buried in the capital Accra. Since then, other African Americans who are descended from slaves imported from areas within the present-day jurisdiction of Ghana and neighboring states have applied for permanent resident status in Ghana. As of 2015, the number of African American residents has been estimated at 3,000 people, a large portion of whom live in Accra.

Texas has the largest African American population of any state in 2019. Followed by, Florida, Georgia and New York. The New York City metropolitan area has the largest African American metropolitan population. In 2019, the South had the largest black population by region.

New York City has had the largest number of African Americans by city, followed by Chicago, Detroit, Philadelphia and Houston.

African Americans from north are moving back to the Southern United States and the suburbs. African Americans are moving to smaller cities especially in Fort Worth, Texas, Columbus, Ohio, Jacksonville, Florida and Charlotte, North Carolina.

There is an African American community in Arkansas. African Americans make up 15.4 percent of Arkansas's population.

1.2 million African Americans are lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgendered.

Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia had the largest black population by percentage in 2020.

Many African Americans have European ancestry and Native American along with African ancestry.

Recent surveys of African Americans using a genetic testing service have found varied ancestries. These studies found that on average, African Americans have 73.2–82.1% West African, 16.7%–24% European, and 0.8–1.2% Native American genetic ancestry, with large variation between individuals.

Genetics websites themselves have reported similar ranges, with some finding 1 or 2 percent Native American ancestry and Ancestry.com reporting an outlying percentage of European ancestry among African Americans of 29%. 38% of African Americans have Irish ancestry.

African American men have the second highest interracial marriage rate, behind Asian American women. Interracial marriage between African Americans and white people has rapidly increased.

Most of the first African Americans were brought to North America as part of the Atlantic slave trade. African slaves were brought to North America from 1619 to 1808. After the United States became independent, slavery became illegal in most northern states. At the same time, slavery grew more important to the economy of the southern states. Many African American slaves worked on plantations (large farms) that grew cotton and tobacco. Plantation work was very difficult and slaves were often whipped and physically punished. It was illegal for slaves to learn how to read and write. White men often raped slave women, but were not punished.

At the same time, there were many free African Americans in the north. Unlike slaves, they were allowed to start churches, write newspapers, and sometimes own property. Frederick Douglass was an important abolitionist (fighter against slavery). Harriet Tubman helped to create the Underground Railroad, which helped African Americans to sneak away from their masters and become free. During the American Civil War from 1861 to 1865, the south broke away from the United States to form the Confederate States of America, or Confederacy. The United States won the war, and in 1865, it freed all slaves (about 4 million) by the 13th amendment.
African Americans were not slaves anymore, but white southerners passed laws called Black Codes that took away their freedom. Some African Americans served in government, but after 1877, the white southerners mostly kept them out of government. Whites founded the Ku Klux Klan to scare African Americans and stop them from voting. Most southern African Americans became sharecroppers. Sharecropping was a system in which the farmers rented the land from the landowner and had to pay the landowner part of their crops. Jim Crow laws segregated white and black people. Black people had to go to different schools and usually live in different neighborhoods than white people. Many businesses were for whites only. The Supreme Court case Plessy v. Ferguson said that black and white facilities could be separate but equal, but facilities for black people were usually worse. Lynching was often practiced against African Americans. White people used lynching to control and terrorize African Americans.

In the early 1900s, African American culture grew with the Harlem Renaissance, an artistic and literary movement in New York City. The NAACP was founded to improve the lives of African Americans. Leaders had different ideas about what was best for African Americans. Booker T. Washington thought they should go to vocational schools to get better jobs. W.E.B. Du Bois thought university education was more important. Marcus Garvey believed that African Americans should move to Africa to have a country of their own. During the Great Migration, from the 1910s to the 1960s, African Americans moved from the south to cities in the north and west. At the beginning, only 10% of African Americans lived outside the south, but by the end, 47% lived in the north and west. Segregation also existed in the north. Redlining stopped people who lived in African American neighborhoods from buying homes.

In the 1950s and 1960s, the Civil Rights Movement called for equality between African Americans and whites. The 1954 Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education banned racial segregation in schools. Many Southern schools still stopped black students from attending, until 1957, when federal troops forced a school in Little Rock, Arkansas to allow black students (called the Little Rock Nine). In 1955, Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat on a segregated bus. This started the Montgomery Bus Boycott, which involved Martin Luther King. King and Malcolm X were two leaders of the Civil Rights Movement, but they were both killed in the 1960s. In 1964, the Civil Rights Act banned discrimination based on race.

Racism against African Americans is still prevalent in 2020. In 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic, George Floyd was killed by a white police officer. Black Lives Matter is a movement which started in 2013.

With their American born children came the first generation of English speaking African Americans. But this development was not the same all over the country. For example; even today the Gullah of the Sea Islands off the Carolina and Georgia coasts still speak a language that is a blend of several African languages. They are the descendants of slaves from different countries in Africa.

In the United States when Americans say African-American or Black, they are referring to the same people. Both terms describe an ethnic group that came to exist in the United States. The Africans who were brought to America as slaves were from different nationalities and did not all speak the same language. They became a new blended ethnic group with a new language that was not their own: English.

Blacks used to be segregated in schools but since the 1960s were able to join major schools, colleges and universities. In the second half of the 20th century, reading-ability rates for blacks increased.

In Louisiana, Some blacks speak Louisiana Creole, a Creole language similar to French. In the 19th century, the majority of south Louisiana's blacks spoke Louisiana Creole.

African American slaves spoken English, Spanish, Portuguese and Dutch along with their own African languages. They would communicate with White people with European languages European colonizers brought to Africa.

Black culture in the United States is influenced by African, European and Native American cultures. African Americans have influenced various forms of music, including Hip hop, R&B, funk, rock and roll, soul, blues, and other contemporary American musical forms while older black forms of music included blues, doo-wop, barbershop, ragtime, bluegrass, jazz, and gospel music. Michael Jackson, an African-American pop singer, released an album called "Thriller" in 1982 which is the best-selling album of all time. In the nineties Beyonce Knowles became famous as the lead singer of the R&B girl band Destiny's Child. In the 2000s she started releasing music on her own. Her first album "Dangerously in Love" sold 11 million copies and won five Grammy Awards.

Black culture has been the subject of documentaries. For example, the award-winning "Black Is, Black Ain't" explores black identity. "Good Hair" discusses the significance of having 'good hair' for black women in American culture.

There is a National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington D.C.

Protestant Christianity is the most practised religion by African Americans.

Soul food is a cuisine eaten by African Americans in the South. Fried chicken, mac and cheese, cornbread, collard greens and candied yams is typical soul food. Soul food has West African, English, French, Caribbean, and Native American influences. African Americans have influenced American cuisine. Staples such as coffee, peanuts, millet, okra, sorghum, watermelon, and yams were brought to America from Africa during the slave trade. African slaves have influenced American dishes such as gumbo and jambalaya. Soul food originated from slavery when European (white) slave owners would feed black people the offal.

Kwanzaa and Juneteenth are popular African American holidays.

White people often considered black people inferior.

African Americans are more likely to experience racism. African American males are more likely to be killed by police, which resulted in the Black Lives Matter movement. African Americans are more likely to die from diseases like COVID-19, HIV, obesity and diabetes. African Americans still suffer from poverty and unemployment. African Americans are more likely to eat fast food. Heart disease, diabetes, cancer, and homicide is the main causes of death for African Americans.

The suicide rate for African Americans increased due to racism, police brutality and the COVID-19 pandemic.

In 2022, a white gunman killed ten African Americans at a grocery store in Buffalo, New York. 32% of African Americans said they worry every day that they might be threatened or attacked because of their race.

African Americans have a harder time getting good jobs because of their race.

55% of African American adults have high blood pressure.

African Americans are more likely to become homeless than whites. African Americans make up 40 percent of the homeless population in the United States.

African Americans are more likely to get punished and arrested for drugs such as marijuana than whites.

African Americans are more likely to experience hunger and lack of access to food.

African Americans are more likely to catch monkeypox and less likely to receive vaccines for the disease.

Colorism is also prevalent in the black community today. Lighter skinned blacks and mixed race blacks are often treated better than dark skinned blacks. Colorism originated during slavery. White slave masters treated mixed-race slaves better than monoracial dark skinned black slaves. Light skinned black slaves were thought of as more intelligent and beautiful.



Pol Pot

Saloth Sar (better known as Pol Pot; January 25, 1925 – April 15, 1998) was the dictator of Cambodia between 1975 and 1979. He was widely regarded as one of the most brutal dictators in world history. He was the leader of a group called the Khmer Rouge. They were a group of peasant revolutionaries who turned Cambodia into a military dictatorship officially called Democratic Kampuchea. Between 1.7 and 2.2 million Cambodians were killed by his regime. Pol Pot was thrown out of power in January, 1979, when the Vietnamese communists liberated Kampuchea.

Pol Pot's family was a good family and connected with the royal family. His brother, Loth Suong, was a palace clerk, and his cousin was a wife to Prince Sisowat Monivong and had a son named Kossarak. His connection helped him get a scholarship to France.

His father's name was Pen Saloth and his mother's name was Sok Nem. Pol Pot had eight siblings. His family was thriving, but alone. 
Pol Pot's childhood was fairly normal. Pol Pot's real name is Saloth Sar. His birthday is either 1925 or May 25, 1928. He grew up in a nice place, and his village was about from Kompong Thom's capital city. Kompong Thom was a province of Cambodia. Back then, Cambodia was a colony of France.

In 1949, he went to Paris, France and studied about radio electronics, but got distracted and led astray because of Marxism, which is a form of communism. He didn't study, and his scholarship was taken away. In 1953, he went back to Cambodia and became a communist. The following year, Cambodia became free from France.

In 1962, he became the leader of the Communist Party in Cambodia. This party was illegal and hidden, as the prince, Prince Sihanouk, did not like Pol Pot nor the Communists.

Pol Pot went to the jungle and created a guerrilla force called the Khmer Rouge (the Khmer are the main ethnic group in Cambodia, and "rouge" is French for "red", the colour of Communism). The Khmer Rouge was made of mostly teenagers. Guerilla means that they hid and ambushed people rather than be visible and directly attack their enemies. They were the source of Pol Pot's power.

In 1969-1973 the U.S. bombed Cambodian hiding places. They tried to get rid of the North Vietnamese during the Vietnam War but only drove them deeper into the countryside. The US also made it so that the peasants ran to cities.

In 1970, the U.S. got rid of Prince Sihanouk and unknowingly made Pol Pot more popular. They also made Prince Sihanouk angry, so he joined Pol Pot, but that alliance only gave Pol Pot an advantage. This created a lot of confusion and only made Pol Pot even more popular.

On April 17, 1975, Pol Pot entered Phnom Penh, the capital, and took control. He planned for a "super great leap forward", inspired by Mao's Great Leap Forward in China. The second in command, Noun Chea, also called Brother Number Two, said later that the mass killing was a mistake. Pol Pot took all the city people and drove them towards fields as forced labour, where they worked without rest. A lot of people died on the way to the fields. Even more died in the fields from hunger, thirst, overwork, and sickness. They would only get a 180-gram can of rice every day, and they were harvesting fruits and rice. Every tenth day was a rest day, and so were the festivals. The government took over anything that had to do with money, which was illegal. 

Religion was also illegal. Teenagers had to be part of the army, and children learned how to set land mines and make booby traps. People getting together were not allowed. Only two people or less were allowed to see each other. Marriages were arranged, not because they loved each other, but because they were forced to. They had to marry in big groups. After the Vietnamese and underground Cambodian parties got Pol Pot out of power on 7 January 1979, he went to a zone near Thailand called Pailin and tried to get control of Cambodia again by fighting a ten-year-long guerilla war. Eventually the Khmer Rouge broke up in the early 1990s.

Pol Pot was responsible for the Cambodian genocide, the systematic persecution and killing of Cambodians that the Khmer Rouge regarded as enemies. The genocide, coupled with malnutrition and poor medical care, killed between 1.5 and 2 million people, approximately a quarter of Cambodia's population.

On the evening of April 15, 1998, just 2 days before the anniversary of Khmer Rouge's takeover of Cambodia, on April 17, 1975, Pol Pot died of a possible heart attack in his hut in the jungle. Thayer believed he killed himself with diazepam (Valium) and chloroquine to avoid trial. Pol Pot was cremated without any ceremony.


1800s

The 1800s was the decade that began on January 1, 1800 and ended on December 31, 1809.



Sedan (automobile)

A sedan, or saloon, is an automobile that has a low trunk, a roof and one or two doors on each side. The trunk is reachable only from outside and are taller than a minivan, hatchback, SUV or a station wagon.

The word sedan is used in American English, but in British English such an automobile is called a saloon.

Convertible

A convertible is a car with a roof that can be removed or folded down, but is often seen without a roof. A convertible usually has two doors, but convertibles with four doors can also be found. Some examples are Mazda MX-5, BMW Z4, Ferrari 458 Spyder, Mercedes-Benz SLK Class, etc. A convertible is a type of automobile of various automobile body styles that can convert from open-air (top-down or topless) mode to a provisionally enclosed (roofed or top-up) mode. Convertibles evolved from the earlier Phaeton, a similar vehicle without glass side windows that may or may not have had removable panels of fabric or other material instead to protect passengers from rain and cold, etc. A semi-convertible or cabrio coach is similar to a convertible and also has a retractable or removable top, but has fully framed windows on its side doors as opposed to a convertible's roll-down frameless windows that provide an even more open car driving experience.

Roof designs have varied widely and have evolved from the earliest models, where roofs were demountable and/or detachable. Contemporary roofs are often hinged to fold away, either into a recess behind the rear seats or into the boot or trunk of the vehicle. The roof may operate either manually or automatically via hydraulic or electrical actuators, and the roof itself may be constructed of soft or rigid material. Soft-tops are made of vinyl, canvas or other textile material, while hard-tops are made of steel, aluminum, plastic, or other rigid materials.

The majority of convertible cars are two door models, with markedly fewer four-door models.

Convertibles may also be referred to as cabriolet, roadster, tourer or drophead coupé and the colloquial terms drop top and rag top are also used. Hard-top convertibles may be called coupé cabriolet, coupé convertible, retractable hardtop or, when equipped with two seats, coupé roadster/roadster coupé.

Macy Gray

Macy Gray (born Natalie Renee McIntyre on September 9, 1967) is an American singer and actress. She started her career after moving to Los Angeles in 2000. Gray is best known for her 1999 single, "I Try", which came off of her first album, "On How Life Is".


Citizen Kane

Citizen Kane is a 1941 American drama movie starring Orson Welles in his first full-length movie. There are rumors that its story is based on the life of the famous businessmen William Randolph Hearst, Howard Hughes, and Samuel Insull. Welles said that his character, Kane, was based on more than one famous person. In "F for Fake" (1974), he said that Kane was going to be based on Hughes but that Welles became inspired by Hearst.

Welles worked closely with his cinematographer, Gregg Toland, who was in charge of the camera and the lights. Together, they worked on a new style, "deep focus." Usually, if something close to the camera is in focus, everything that is far away is out of focus. In deep focus, every object is in focus at the same time.

Its working title, before the movie was finished, was "RKO 281".

Many have called "Citizen Kane" the best movie of all time. In 1998, it was number one on the American Film Institute's list of 100 Years... 100 Movies.

It is in some ways is like "The Power and the Glory" (1933).

The last living crew member was director Robert Wise. Also known for making "The Sound of Music" (1965), he died on September 14, 2005.


Sedan

Sedan can mean any of a few things:

List of Nobel Prize winners in Physics

The Nobel Prize in Physics is a Nobel Prize in the science of physics.

Some famous winners are:




Dynamite

Dynamite is an explosive invented by Alfred Nobel, the creator of the Nobel Prize. Its main explosive component is nitroglycerin. Nitroglycerin is very sensitive to movement. It explodes very easily when it is moved. For this reason, it is absorbed into diatomaceous earth to make it less sensitive. Diatomaceous earth is a soft, sedimentary rock made of fossil diatoms. About one-quarter of dynamite is diatomaceous earth, the other three-quarters are nitroglycerin. A little sodium carbonate is added to stabilize the mixture. 

Even though the diatomaceous earth takes away some of the dangers of nitroglycerin, there are still problems because the mixture is not stable in damp environments. Water causes the nitroglycerin to leak away. The nitroglycerin can build up, and explode unexpectedly. 

For this reason, the formulation was changed. Instead of diatomaceous earth, gelignite was used to hold the nitroglycerin. Gelignite holds the nitroglycerin so that it cannot dissolve in water. 

Today, dynamite is not much used. It has been replaced by explosives based on ammonium nitrate which use gelignite. These explosives cost less to make and are easier to handle than dynamite. However, works of fiction still show people using dynamite.

Oliver &amp; Company

Oliver & Company is a 1988 American animated musical movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 27th Disney animated movie. The movie is loosely based on the famous Charles Dickens novel "Oliver Twist". The novel has been adapted many other times for the screen and television. In the movie, Oliver is a homeless kitten who joins a gang of dogs to survive in the streets. Among other changes, the setting of the movie moved from 19th century London to modern-day New York City, Fagin's gang is made up of dogs (one of which is Dodger), and Sykes is a loan shark.

"Oliver & Company" was released on November 18, 1988. This was the same day that "The Land Before Time", another American animated movie, was released. "Oliver & Company" was a success at the box office, but received mixed reviews from movie critics. The movie was re-released in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom on March 29, 1996. It was then released on home video later that same year. It was released on DVD in 2002. It was re-released on DVD in 2009 as a 20th Anniversary Edition. A 25th Anniversary Edition Blu-ray of the movie was released in 2013.

Oliver, an orange orphan cat, is lost in New York City. A street-smart dog named Dodger finds him. Dodger tricks Oliver into getting some sausages for him (from a hot dog seller named Louie). Dodger leaves the cat behind and runs to the barge of his poor owner, Fagin. Inside the barge are four other dogs. They are Tito the chihuahua, Einstein the Great Dane, Rita the Afghan Hound, and the Francis the Bulldog. Oliver breaks in, and is questioned by the other dogs. He tells them that he followed Dodger because he wanted a fair share of the sausages. Dodger starts fighting with Tito. Francis and Einstein join the fight. Fagin breaks it up. Fagin is in trouble with a loan shark named Sykes, because he owes Sykes money. Sykes says that Fagin has to pay the money within three days. In order to get the money, Fagin, his dogs, and Oliver set out into the city streets the next day. While the poor man is unlucky trying to sell his useless stuff, the animals encounter a limousine that is driven by Winston, a butler. They put on an act to get his attention. After trying to take apart the limousine's dashboard, Tito gets "barbecued". Oliver is tangled up in the wires nearby. Jenny, a rich little girl who Winston is taking care of while her parents are away on a trip in Italy, decides to adopt Oliver. She takes him home at Fifth Avenue. She promises that they will be "good company" forever. The next morning, Fagin's dogs break into the family's house in order to get Oliver back to their barge. This upsets the family's spoiled and selfish pet poodle, Georgette. However, she lets them take Oliver, because she is jealous of the attention he gets from Jenny. When they arrive back at the barge, Oliver explains that he misses Jenny. This upsets Dodger, because he feels like Oliver does not care about being in their gang anymore. Fagin, however, realizes that Oliver is his best hope, because of the gold tag on his collar. Fagin writes a random note to the "very rich cat owner person" at Oliver's address in hopes of getting Sykes's money on time. Jenny reads the note after she comes home from school. She and Georgette go to the docks to get Oliver back. Jenny gets him back, thanks to Fagin. However, Sykes kidnaps her for the sake of the ransom that Fagin has to pay within 12 hours. Oliver and Dodger go after her and battle Sykes' Dobermanns Roscoe and DeSoto, who fall off the car and are electrocuted on the third rail of the New York City Subway. Fagin leaves Tito to drive and saves Jenny, while Dodger and Oliver are thrown from Sykes' car onto the pavement of the Brooklyn Bridge just before an oncoming train strikes and kills Sykes. The next day, Jenny celebrates her birthday with Oliver, Fagin, the dogs, and Winston. In the end, Oliver decides to stay with Jenny. Dodger promises him a special place in the gang, as "vice president". Dodger and the gang all return home with Fagin.


Additional voices were provided by Deborah Gates, Jack Angel, Charles Bartlett, Bob Bergen, Jonathan Brandis, Steve Bulen, Corey Burton, Tim Curry, Marcia Delmar, Debi Derryberry, Victor di Mattia, Judi Durand, Trevor Eyster, Bill Farmer, Greg Finley, Pat Fraley, John Goodman, Javier Grajeda, Robert S. Halligan Jr., Jerry Hall, Jess Harnell, Jo Ann Harris, Rosanna Huffman, Barbara Iley, Harvey Jason, Karen Kamōn, Kaleena Kiff, Carol King, Marylee Kortes, Rocky Krakoff, David Lasley, Christina MacGregor, Tress MacNeille, Danny Mann, David McCharan, John McCurry, Mickie McGowan, Arlin L. Miller, Laraine Newman, Nancy Parent, Phil Proctor, Whitney Rydbeck, Gary Schwartz, Vernon Scott, Penina Segall, Tom Righter Snow, Steve Susskind and Eugene van Buren.

For "Oliver & Company", Disney invested $15 million into a long-term computer system called Computer Animation Production System, otherwise known as CAPS. Unlike "The Black Cauldron" and "The Great Mouse Detective", which used computer imagery for special sequences, 11 minutes of "Oliver & Company" were computer-generated such as the skyscrapers, the taxi cabs, trains, Fagin's scooter-cart, and the climactic subway chase.

The instrumental score for "Oliver & Company" was composed by J. A. C. Redford. The movie's music was supervised by Carole Childs. The first song heard in the movie, "Once Upon a Time in New York City", was written by lyricist Howard Ashman. Billy Joel, in addition to voicing Dodger, performed the character's song in the movie.

The track list below represents the 1996 re-release of the "Oliver & Company" soundtrack. The original 1988 release had the same songs, but with the instrumental cues placed in between the songs in the order in which they appeared in the movie. Using the numbering system in the list below, the order the tracks on the 1988 release would be: 1, 2, 6, 7, 3, 4, 5, 8, 9, 10, 11.



On April 2, 2021, Paramount Pictures announced work on a hand-drawn animation movie with Paramount Animation producing, titled "Oliver & Jenny". It is unknown if the film is still in production, but it is highly unlikely. The film franchise was originally in development at Walt Disney Pictures as a Walt Disney Animation Studios film but was changed to a Paramount Pictures due to 21st Century Fox has been Acquired by Disney, release before completion. Additionally, while Paramount Pictures, Walt Disney Pictures nor Walt Disney Animation Studios are never explicitly credited, the Paramount Pictures production logo appears at the beginning of the film.


Vince Lombardi

Vincent Thomas Lombardi (June 11, 1913, in Brooklyn, New York, USA–September 3, 1970) was an American football coach that never had a losing season. Lombardi was named NFL Man of the Decade in the 1960s, and won five NFL championships, including winning the first two Super Bowls.

The yearly trophy given to the Super Bowl champion was renamed the "Vince Lombardi Trophy" ("right") in 1971, the same year Lombardi was named to the Pro Football Hall of Fame. He was head coach of the Green Bay Packers and the Washington Redskins.


Guano

Guano is the excrement of bats and birds. This excrement is exceptionally high in nitrogen, phosphate, and potassium, three nutrients which are essential for plant growth. Therefore, it is often used as fertilizer, to make plants grow more quickly.


1790s

The 1790s was a decade that began on 1 January 1790 and ended on 31 December 1799.





Triple point

The triple point of any substance is the combination of temperature and pressure at which it exists in its solid, liquid, and gaseous state all at once, in equilibrium.

The temperature of the triple point of water is a commonly used physical constant which is used to define temperature scales and calibrate temperature-measuring systems.

"By definition", the temperature of the triple point of water is 273.16 Kelvin, 0.01°C, or 32.018°F at a pressure of 611.5 Pa (less than 1% of atmospheric pressure). One degree Celsius is defined as 1/273.16 part of the triple point of water. This fixes the temperature scale as defined in the ITS 90, which is the international temperature scale of 1990. This scale is developed as a practical approximation of the thermodynamical temperature scale.

Frequency

Frequency is how often an event repeats itself over a set amount of time.

In physics, the frequency of a wave is the number of wave crests that pass a point in one second (a wave crest is the peak of the wave).

Hertz (symbol Hz) is the unit of frequency.

The relationship between frequency and wavelength is expressed by the formula: 

formula_1

where v is speed and formula_2 (lambda) is wavelength. The formula for the frequency of light waves is formula_3 where the c is the speed of light.

All electromagnetic waves travel at the speed of light in a vacuum but they travel at slower speeds when they travel through a medium that is not a vacuum. Other waves, such as sound waves, travel at much much lower speeds and can not travel through a vacuum.

Examples of electromagnetic waves are: light waves, radio waves, infrared radiation, microwaves, and gamma waves.

Different types of electromagnetic waves have different frequencies.

One way to visualize this is if there were two trains traveling at the same speed, but the size of the train cars was smaller on one train than the other. If someone picked something that was not moving, like a signpost, and then counted how many train cars passed the sign post in one second for each train, they would know the frequency of cars passing in each train. The number and frequency of train cars passing the sign post would be different, because the train with smaller train cars would have more train cars passing the sign post in a second than the train with larger train cars. Knowing how many cars passed the sign post in one second, and knowing the speed of the train, one could figure out mathematically the size of each train car for each train.

For example, if the train was moving at 10 miles per second, and 10 train cars passed in one second, then each train car would be 1 mile long. If the other train was also moving at 10 miles per second and 20 train cars passed in one second, then one would know that each train car was 1/2 of a mile long for that train. This example shows that knowing the frequency of an electromagnetic wave gives you the wavelength, since all electromagnetic waves travel at the speed of light so that c = v (lambda) where v is frequency and lambda is wavelength, and c is the speed of light. Therefore, another way of expressing frequency is to say "frequency is c over lambda."

Hockey stick

A hockey stick is a long, wooden pole used to push, pass, or shoot in the sports of ice hockey and field hockey. The art of developing ice hockey sticks is a complex science and has become big business. Ice hockey sticks are mostly made of composite materials and they have different "flexes", meaning some sticks are more flexible than others.
In ice hockey, the end or "blade" of the stick is normally curved, to help the player get better control of the puck and better shots at the goaltender. The goaltender has a bigger blade, to make it easier to stop shots. Players sometimes use hockey sticks to hold back the bodies of other players, or to trip or hit them; sometimes players who do this get penalties. In field hockey, sticks are shorter, but the blade is thicker, than in ice hockey. It is used to move a ball instead of a puck. More research has gone into studying how hockey sticks perform. The main difference between the two sticks is how they are used in the games.

All the players in both ice and field hockey use hockey sticks.

<br>

Snoop Dogg

Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. (born October 20, 1971), known professionally as Snoop Dogg, is an American rapper and actor.
He became known as one of the popular gangsta rappers during the 1990s. Snoop Dogg has also appeared in many movies and television shows throughout his career.

The reason why he is called "Snoop Dogg" is because his mother nicknamed him after a character called "Snoopy". Snoop Dogg was a fan of the "Peanuts" cartoon, which has the Snoopy character. Snoop Dogg sang in his church choir and played piano as a child. Snoop Dogg's brother, Bing Worthington, was a bad influence for him. He began smoking when he was in the sixth grade. As a young adult, he was involved in gang activity. He was arrested, convicted and put in prison for possession of illegal drugs.

At the beginning of his career, Broadus performed under the stage name Snoop Doggy Dogg. He first appeared on Dr. Dre's first solo album, "The Chronic", released in 1992. Later in 1993, Snoop Dogg released his first album "Doggystyle". The album became successful.

In 1996, his second album, Tha Doggfather, was released. Although the album met with positive acclaim, it was not as successful as his first album.

In 2004, his album "R&G (Rhythm & Gangsta): The Masterpiece" was released and featured the hit single “Drop It Like It's Hot”. The single became Snoop Dogg's first number one single on the Billboard Hot 100.

In 2012, Snoop Dogg went to Jamaica. He studied the Rastafari movement. He changed his name to Snoop Lion, after the Lion of Judah. This is a name from the tribe of Judah. It is sometimes used to describe Haile Selassie, who is worshipped by Rastafarians. "Reincarnated", released in 2013, is his first reggae album.

In 2018, Snoop Dogg released his first gospel album, "Bible of Love". It features appearances from Patti LaBelle, Fred Hammond, Rance Allen, Charlie Wilson, and others. On February 13, 2022, Snoop Dogg performed at the Super Bowl LVI halftime show. Later, he released the album, "BODR" (Bacc on Death Row).

Studio albums

Collaboration albums


Malayan tiger

The Malayan tiger ("Panthera tigris jacksoni") is a subspecies of the tiger that was discovered in 2004. People used to think they were Indo-Chinese tigers, But now they have their own subspecies. They have the same length and weight as the Indo-Chinese tiger. They live in southern Malaysia and they are an endangered species.


Caspian tiger

The Caspian tiger ("Panthera tigris virgata") is an extinct sub subspecies of the tiger. It was the most western subspecies of the tiger, very close to Europe. They became extinct in the 1970s. They were found in Turkey, Armenia, Iraq, Azerbaijan, Iran, Mongolia, and Georgia.

Recent research by scientists looking at the tiger's DNA, have found that it is almost identical to the Siberian tiger. They now believe that the two species of tiger may not have become separate until the 1900s.

The Caspian tiger was the third largest of the tiger species with male specimens weighing between 204-249 kgs (450-550 lbs) and was 1.4 meters tall (4'6 ft) and was 2.4 meters (8 ft). It had small, short ears. The color was different from other tiger subspecies, with yellow to gold fur with light to dark brown stripes. The chest and stomach area are white with yellow stripes. In winter it grew longer fur. It was the furriest of all the tiger subspecies.

String instrument

A string instrument is a musical instrument that makes sound by vibrating the strings on it. The strings are plucked to produce sounds. Each string has a different frequency. The desired frequency can be obtained by adjusting the tension on the string. A string instrument plays soft notes. The strings on the instrument usually come in many shapes and forms. There are many types of stringed instruments. The most common of these appear in the violin family. The violin is a small, stringed instrument played with a bow, usually made of horse's hair. When the bow is drawn across the strings it creates a vibration. You can select what vibration the bow makes by choosing the note on the fingerboard. It is tuned to G, D, A and E. The viola is a very similar instrument aside from some small differences - it is slightly larger, and is tuned to C, G, D, and A. The cello is a stringed instrument that is played in the bass clef. It is much bigger than the violin, and is also played much differently. The double-bass is bigger still and is the lowest of them all. 

There are also plucked strings, the most famous of which would probably be the guitar. The guitar uses a fret board and a pick to pluck the strings while holding down on the fret board. It was made famous by rock groups like Led Zeppelin and artists like Eric Clapton. You play by strumming with one hand while choosing notes on the fret-board (string board) with the other. Banjos are also very similar.

Here is a very basic list of some of the most common stringed instruments:



Yankee Doodle Dandy

Yankee Doodle Dandy is a 1942 biographical musical movie. It starred James Cagney as George M. Cohan.

Guess Who's Coming to Dinner

Guess Who's Coming to Dinner is a 1967 American comedy-drama movie, starring Spencer Tracy (in his final film role), Katharine Hepburn, Sidney Poitier and Katharine Houghton. It centers around what happens between a young white woman and her parents, after she falls in love with a black man in San Francisco.

Bringing Up Baby

Bringing Up Baby is a 1938 American comedy movie starring Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn and directed by Howard Hawks. It is set in Connecticut.

The Searchers

The Searchers is a 1956 epic western movie set in Texas in the 1860s. it is directed by John Ford and starring John Wayne, about a man looking for his niece who was taken by Native Americans. It is also one of the movies that influenced "Star Wars".

Goodfellas

Goodfellas is a 1990 American biographical crime movie directed by Martin Scorsese. It is about life in the Mafia.

It gained six nominations for Oscars. It won one (for Joe Pesci's role). Many people thought the movie was great.

It is set in New York City. The movie is based on the life of mafioso Henry Hill (1943-2012) from 1955 - 1980. "Goodfellas" uses information from New York crime reporter Nicholas Pileggi's book "Wiseguy". Scorsese and Pileggi worked together to write the movie.

"Goodfellas" was first shown at the 1990 Venice Film Festival. Scorsese received the Silver Lion award for Best Director.

Director David Chase said the movie made him want to make the HBO television series "The Sopranos".

Soldier

A soldier is a person who is a part of an army. A soldier can be forced to join the army or volunteer to join.

There are many different types of soldiers: troopers, tankers, commandos, dragoons, infantrymen, guardians, artillerymen, paratroopers, grenadiers, rangers, snipers, engineers, sappers, craftsmen, signallers, medics, and gunners.

In many countries there are soldiers that have special names for other reasons. For example, military police personnel in the British Army are called "red caps" because their caps are red.



Yellowstone River

The Yellowstone River is a river in the northwestern part of the United States. It is a tributary of the Missouri River and flows through the states of Wyoming, Montana, and North Dakota. It also flows through Yellowstone National Park and feeds Yellowstone Lake. 

The Yellowstone River was first explored in 1806 by William Clark during the return trip of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.


Toy

A toy is something to play with. Toys are for children, adults, and animals. Before 1970, most toys were made of metal and wood. Now, they are mostly made of plastic. Sometimes they are made of electronic material. Some people also consider video games toys. Toys include balls, plastic cars, and dolls. They also can be sex related products.

Toys originated many years ago. Dolls of infants, animals, and soldiers and toy tools are found in archaeological places. The origin of the word "toy" is not known. However, it is thought that it was first used in the 14th century.

The earliest toys were made from rocks, sticks or clay. In Ancient Egypt, children played with dolls made of clay and sticks. In Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome, children played with dolls made of wax or terracotta, sticks, bows and arrows, and yo-yos. Later these developmental games were used in creation of indoor playsets for homes. When Greek children, especially girls became adults, it was required to sacrifice the toys to the gods. On the eve of their wedding, young girls around fourteen would offer their dolls in a temple as a rite of passage into adulthood.

Unicorn

A unicorn is a legendary and mythical creature. It looks like a pony with one long, single and white horn on its head. The word "unicorn" means "one-horned". It comes from the Latin word "ūnus", which means "one", and "cornu" which means "horn", which term is in itself borrowed from the earlier Greek word "monokerōs" (also 'one horned').

Unicorns are found in many stories and myths from different parts of the world, especially China and India. Its blood and horn usually have mystical powers. In Western culture, its horn is said to have power (often called "alicorn" in medieval literature) to heal wounds and sickness, and to neutralize poison.

In mythology and heraldry unicorn symbolizes innocence, purity and feminine power. It is often seen as the counterpart of lion, which symbolizes the masculine virtues.

The unicorn is the official animal of Scotland.

In some pictures unicorns also have horses feet or a lion's tail. 

A Narwhal is an animal that is about 8 feet long. They live in the water around Canada and Greenland. Narwhal’s horns were said to be the horns of unicorns by some. People would sell the horn of a narwhal to others and say it was a horn of a unicorn.
Christian legends say the Unicorn is as small as a normal sized goat. They are so fearful that no hunter can catch them. Only a maiden that goes into the forest alone can catch a unicorn. The unicorn will come and fall asleep in the maiden’s lap. Around the time of the Middle Ages, some stories of unicorns became more popular. People bought what were said to be the horns of a unicorn at very high prices. They were mostly a tusk of a walrus or a horn from a narwhal. 

The term unicorn is also used in business to refer to a business startup valued at a billion dollars or more.

In "On the Nature of Animals" ("Περὶ Ζῴων Ἰδιότητος", "De natura animalium"), Aelian, quoting Ctesias, adds that India has also a one-horned horse (iii. 41; iv. 52), and says (xvi. 20) that the "monoceros" () was sometimes called "cartazonos" (), which may be a kind of the Arabic "karkadann", meaning "rhinoceros".


Radium

Radium is a chemical element. The symbol for radium is Ra, and its atomic number is 88. It was discovered by Marie Curie and Pierre Curie in the form of radium chloride in 1898. It is a slivery-white alkaline earth metal, but it turns black quickly when it is exposed to nitrogen in the air. All isotopes of radium are radioactive. The radioactivity of radium causes it to glow in the dark.

Radium is used in many things, such as glowing watches, which are now banned because they can cause radiation poisoning. Some of the things radium was used for are now made using less dangerous radioactive elements, such as promethium. It can be used in treating cancer.

In nature, radium is found in tiny amounts in uranium and thorium ores. It does not exist naturally inside of people or other living things; it is dangerous when taken in because it takes the same place as calcium.

Radium was discovered by Marie Curie and her husband Pierre Curie on 21 December 1898. They found that some radioactive minerals had unknown compounds left over after removing uranium and barium. The unknown compounds were polonium and radium; the discovery was announced to the French Academy of Sciences on 26 December 1898.

The original unit of measurement for radioactivity was called the curie. The unit was equal to the radioactivity of one gram of radium-226, but later it was changed to 3.7×10 disintegrations per second.

Radium is the heaviest alkaline earth metal and the only radioactive element in the group. It has a silvery-white color, but turns black when it is exposed to air. It is more similar to barium than it is to any other element. It is also similar to barium in the ways it reacts with other things. 

Radium has 33 isotopes. All of these isotopes are radioactive. The isotope which lasts the longest is radium-226: it has a half-life of 1,600 years.

Radium used to be used in glowing paints for watches and other instruments that are used in the dark. Radium stopped being used in the mid-1920s after a lawsuit by five people who were called "Radium Girls". The Radium Girls were told to lick the brushes used to paint with radium, which caused them to ingest radium. This was very dangerous to their health. Ingesting radium in paint caused sores, anemia, and bone cancer in the Radium Girls. The lawsuit caused the dangers of radioactivity to be known by many more people. After the 1960s, radium paint was replaced by less dangerous radioactive paint made from promethium-147 or tritium.

Radium was also used in different things such as toothpaste and food. These products were made illegal after people found out about the dangers of radioactivity.

Radium is not used now in anything except for nuclear reactors. There are safer elements that can be used in all of the same ways radium was used.

Radium is the most toxic radioactive element. It collects in bones when ingested, which causes cancer. However, even just being around radium can cause cancer. Radium creates radon when it decays. This is even more dangerous, because radon is a gas.

Marie Curie's death was most likely caused by radium. 

Dhaka

Dhaka is the capital and largest city of Bangladesh. Dhaka is a megacity, and has a population of 10.2 million residents as of 2022, and a population of over 22.4 million residents in Greater Dhaka. It is widely considered to be one of the most densely populated built-up urban area in the world.

It is located just north of the Buriganga River, a channel of the Dhaleswari River, in the south-central part of the country. Dhaka is Bangladesh’s most populous city and is one of the largest metropolises in South Asia. Pop. (2001) city, 5,333,571; metro. area, 9,672,763; (2011) city, 7,033,075; metro. area, 14,543,124.

It was part of the Mughal Empire of Hindustan and served as the capital of the empire twice. Once from 1608 to 1639 and once from 1660 to 1704. After that, it became a part of the British Raj. Then it became a part of Pakistan as part of the Partition of India on 15 August 1947. Bangladesh was then called East Pakistan, and Dacca (Dhaka) became provincial capital of East Pakistan. In 1971, the new nation of Bangladesh was created.

Dhaka is home to Bangladesh Bank which is the country's central bank. Many multinational companies have offices in the city. The Dhaka Stock Exchange is one of the largest stock exchanges in South Asia.

The Bangabhaban in Dhaka is the official residence and workplace of the President of Bangladesh. It is also home to the National Parliament House.

There are 52 universities in Dhaka. Dhaka College was started in 1841, making it the oldest institution for higher education in the city.
<mapframe latitude="23.761466" longitude="90.387955" zoom="10" width="200" height="100" align="right" />Dhaka’s name is said to refer to the dhak tree, once common in the area, or to Dhakeshwari (“The Hidden Goddess”), whose shrine is located in the western part of the city. Although the city’s history can be traced to the 1st millennium CE, the city did not rise to prominence until the 17th century, when it served as the capital of the Muslim Mughal dynasty of Bengal province (1608–39 and 1660–1704). It was the center of a flourishing sea trade, attracting English, French, Armenian, Portuguese, and Dutch traders.

Historic buildings of the Muslim period include Lal Bagh fort (1678) and its tomb of Bibi Pari (died 1684), wife of a governor of Bengal; the Bara Katra (great caravansary, a building historically used for sheltering caravans and other travelers; 1664); the Chhota Katra (small caravansary; 1663); and Husayni Dalan (a religious monument of the Shīʿite branch of Islam; 1642). Other 17th-century buildings include the Hindu Dhakeshwari temple and Tejgaon church, built by the Portuguese.

With the removal of the provincial capital to Murshidabad (1704) and the weakening of the muslin industry, Dhaka entered a period of decline. It passed under British control in 1765 and was constituted a municipality in 1864, but it continued to lose prominence until it was designated the capital of Eastern Bengal and Assam province (1905–12). During the early 20th century Dhaka served as a commercial center and seat of learning. Following the end of British rule, when the region became a part of Pakistan, it was named the capital of East Bengal province (1947) and of East Pakistan (1956). Dhaka suffered heavy damage during the war of independence in 1971 but emerged as the capital of Bangladesh.

It has one of the best schools for students to study in and it is a very educational city. Dhaka has the largest number of schools, colleges and universities of any Bangladeshi city. The education system is divided into 5 levels: Primary (from grades 1 to 6), Junior (from grades 6 to 8), Secondary (from grades 9 to 10), Higher Secondary (from grades 11 to 12) and tertiary.[98] The five years of Primary education concludes with a Primary School Completion (PSC) Examination, the three years of Junior education concludes with Junior School Certificate (JSC) Examination, and next two years of Secondary education concludes with a Secondary School Certificate (SSC) Examination. Students who pass this examination proceed to two years of Higher Secondary or intermediate training, which culminate in a Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSC) Examination.[98] Education is mainly offered in Bengali, but English is also widely taught and used. Many Muslim families send their children to attend part-time courses or even to pursue full-time religious education alongside other subjects, which is imparted in Bengali and Arabic in schools, colleges and madrasas.Dhaka College is the oldest institution for higher education in the city and among the earliest established in British India, founded in 1841. Since independence, Dhaka has seen the establishment of numerous public and private colleges and universities that offer undergraduate and graduate degrees as well as a variety of doctoral programmes.

Since its establishment as the capital city, the population, area, and social and economic diversity of Dhaka have grown tremendously. Together with its river port of Narayanganj, 10 miles (16 km) to the south, Dhaka now is one of the most densely industrialized regions in the country. Traditional products include "jamdani" (fine-quality muslin), embroidery, silk, and jewelry. Among the city’s major industries are jute processing and the manufacture of chemicals, pharmaceuticals, textiles, leather goods, ceramics, and electronics products. A strong export-oriented garment industry emerged in the late 20th century.

The area around Dhaka consists of a level plain bounded by the Meghna, Padma (Ganges [Ganga]), and Jamuna (Brahmaputra) rivers. The plain is crossed by a network of streams and rivers, the chief being the Dhaleswari, Buriganga, and Sitalakhya. Important crops are rice, jute, sugarcane, and oilseeds; there is also some cattle farming.

The city contains several universities, among which the University of Dhaka (1921), the Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology (1962), and Jahangirnagar University (1970) are prominent. Dhaka is also home to numerous government colleges, a nuclear-science training and research centre, the national library, a museum, and the national art gallery. In addition, the area includes the site of the ancient city of Vikramapura, former capital of the Pala rulers of Bengal (8th–12th century). Among Dhaka’s more recent buildings of note are the Star Mosque (Tara Masjid), built in the Mughal architectural style in the early 19th century with later renovations; Curzon Hall at the University of Dhaka, erected at the beginning of the 20th century, combining Mughal and European influences; and the National Assembly Building (Jatiya Sangsad Bhaban), designed by architect Louis I. Kahn and completed in 1982.


After years of negotiations, the Dhaka-Agartala bus was agreed upon on July 11, 2001. The bus connects Bangladesh with its eastern neighbor, the Indian state of Tripura. Tripura has a substantial Bengali population and indigenous peoples who have close commercial and cultural links with the people of eastern Bangladesh.


Darwin, Northern Territory

Darwin () is the territorial capital of the Northern Territory in Australia. The city has about 147,000 people living there. The city is named after Charles Darwin. A member of the crew of the ship that started a port there in 1839 named it Port Darwin in honour of Darwin, who had sailed on that same ship earlier.

Most of Darwin has been built since 1974, when Cyclone Tracy ripped through and destroyed the city. Since then, the city has recovered. It is a very important port, because it is on the coast closest to Indonesia and the rest of Asia. Darwin also has a large military base.

Darwin also has many Indigenous Australians living in the city, about 9.7% of the people. This is more than any other state capital in Australia.

Northern Territory

The Northern Territory is a territory of Australia. The capital city is Darwin. Other large towns in the Territory include Alice Springs, Katherine and Tennant Creek.

The Northern Territory has large areas of desert. It has many important places such as "Uluru", or "Ayers Rock". The rock is sacred to the native people.

Kakadu National Park is a World Heritage area. It has been lived in for more than 40,000 years. There are cave paintings, rock carvings and archaeological sites. These show the skills and way of life of the people who have lived there. The park has different ecosystems, including tidal flats, floodplains, lowlands and rocky gorges. It provides a place to live for a wide range of rare types of plants and animals.

The floral emblem of the Northern Territory is Sturt's Desert Rose, Gossypium sturtianum. The flower is also featured on the Territory's flag. It was named after explorer Charles Sturt who found the plant in creeks near the site of Broken Hill, New South Wales in 1844.
The Fauna emblem is the Red Kangaroo.

Whiskey Rebellion

The Whiskey Rebellion was a rebellion against the federal government of the United States. Some farmers in western Pennsylvania rebelled against the United States government in 1794 because they believed that a new tax on whiskey was not fair. Selling whiskey was how people traded in western Pennsylvania, but farmers elsewhere did not need to sell whiskey. 

The United States had borrowed a large amount of money for the American Revolutionary War, and Alexander Hamilton offered the idea to try to pay the war debt. The government under George Washington, with advice from Alexander Hamilton, quickly stopped the rebellion. Washington and Hamilton wanted to ensure that no one would question the power of the federal government and so Washington himself led almost 13,000 troops to stop the rebellion of a few hundred farmers. The rebels went home before the army arrived.

The new federal government became more solid and the president more powerful. Numerous examples of resistance are recorded in court documents and newspaper accounts.

That is the only time in American history that a president has led the army by himself.

Saginaw, Michigan

Saginaw is a city in mid-Michigan, United States. It had about 44,000 people in the city as of the 2020 census. It is very cold there in the winter. It is near Bay City, Michigan.

Tom Cruise

Thomas Cruise Mapother IV (; born July 3, 1962) is an American actor and producer. He has starred in many movies, including "War of the Worlds" and "Jerry Maguire". He is one of the highest paid actors in Hollywood.

His first movie was "Endless Love". His first leading role was in the movie "Risky Business" and later in "Top Gun." He has been nominated for three Academy Awards and has won three Golden Globe Awards. These were for the same movies: "Born on the Fourth of July" (1989), "Jerry Maguire" (1996), and "Magnolia" (1999). He is known for playing the lead role Ethan Hunt in six "Mission Impossible" films. Other key films are "Vanilla Sky" (2001), "Minority Report" (2002), "The Last Samurai" (2003), "Collateral" (2004), "War of the Worlds" (2005), "Knight and Day" (2010), "Jack Reacher" (2012), "Oblivion" (2013), "Edge of Tomorrow" (2014), "The Mummy" (2017), and "" (2022).

Tom Cruise was born in Syracuse, New York. He is the son of Mary Lee, a special education teacher, and Thomas Cruise Mapother III (died 1984), an electrical engineer. Cruise has three sisters, Lee Anne, Marian, and Cass. Cruise's surname originates from his great grandfather, born Thomas Cruise O'Mara, who was renamed "Thomas Cruise Mapother" (Mapother is a Welsh surname). Cruise is of Irish, German and English ancestry. One of his paternal great grandfather, Patrick Russell Cruise, was born in North County Dublin, in 1799 he married Teresa Johnson in Warrenstown House, County Meath, in 1825. They left Ireland for America that same year and settled in New York.

Cruise is a Scientologist. He is one of the most famous members of the organization.

Cruise has an adopted daughter and adopted son with his second wife Nicole Kidman. He has a daughter Suri (born April 2006), by Katie Holmes. He and Holmes married in November 2006 and separated in 2012.

Orgy (band)

Orgy is an American alternative metal band. They formed in 1997 in Los Angeles, California. The band's first hit was Blue Monday, which was a remake of a song by 1980s band New Order. The members of the band are: 

Magazine

A magazine is a type of book people read. Magazines are not like regular books. This is because a new version of the magazine is printed many times each year. Magazines are a type of periodical. 

They are called periodicals because versions are published at a fixed frequency. Magazines are printed on paper. People usually need to subscribe to them. An example of a magazine is "Time". There are magazines about many things. 

Magazines are similar to newspapers, but usually the time between new versions is longer. Each one costs more money, and many are in color on every page. Also, sometimes magazines come with little gifts to reward the readers who buy it. 

Zombie

A zombie is a mythical dead person who has returned to life as a walking corpse. Mythical things that have been "re-animated" are called "undead", or "the living dead". The zombie myth came from the Caribbean.

In Haiti people believe that Voodoo sorcerers or 'bokor' can bring dead people back to life, making a zombie. The zombie is under the control of the sorcerer because zombies have no free will. It's believed a zombie is a trapped human soul. If a sorcerer can catch the trapped soul, the sorcerer becomes more powerful.

Wade Davis wrote about zombies in two books, "The Serpent and the Rainbow" (1985) and "" (1988). Davis went to Haiti in 1982 and wrote about how a living person can be turned into a zombie by two special powders being rubbed into a wound. The first powder brings a 'deathlike' state because of a certain poison in it, called tetrodotoxin (the same deadly poison found in the Japanese blowfish). At just the right amount, it can make a person almost die, but not quite. The second powder puts the person in a zombie-like state where they seem to have no free will of their own.

Many people outside Haiti do not believe what Davis wrote about, but in Haiti, lots of people believe in the "zombie drugs".

In Mesopotamian mythology, Ishtar, the goddess of love and fertility once said in anger:

In the Middle Ages, many people believed that the souls of the dead could come back as ghosts and haunt the living, often because of a crime that the living person had committed. Sometimes, the ghost could actually take on a physical shape and touch or attack things or people.

Zombies can walk, think (in some cases), and attack living persons. Most zombies eat the brains of living humans. In zombies, the heart, lungs, and a small part of their brain still work. They may react to their environment, but they do not have consciousness. Zombies can use their skeleton and muscles to move. The skin is rotten. Its hair and nails are falling off. Zombies are usually covered in blood. They often have open wounds and are dressed in ripped clothes.

Zombies appear a lot in horror and fantasy films. Normally, the zombie is a mindless, clumsy corpse which eats human flesh. Zombies can not be called cannibals because they do not eat each other, only living humans. The first zombie stories appeared in the 1600s. Since that time, zombies have appeared in lots of books and films. They have become more popular in modern media, such as Capcom's "Resident Evil" series and AMC's "The Walking Dead".

In zombie movies, zombies are almost always:


Orgy

In common use, an orgy is when more than two people have sex together, sometimes also called group sex.
This dates back to prehistoric ages, recorded in many ancient civilizations. 

"Orgy" could also mean any activity done without limits.

Originally, the word comes from Latin. There it referred to a feast (or a banquet) of a rich citizen. When the Romans ate they were almost lying down, and the food was brought to them by slaves. These slaves would also provide the entertainment which usually consisted of music and dancing slaves.

Labradoodle

A Labradoodle is a mixed-breed dog, created by breeding a Labrador Retriever with a Poodle. Labradoodles are now bred worldwide.

Labradoodles are not a considered an official dog breed by most dog expert organizations, such as the Fédération Cynologique Internationale (FCI). The American Kennel Club (AKC )has now created the 'Canine Partners" category to include the Labradoodle and other hybrid breeds for agility and other competitions.

The Labradoodle has a very short but interesting history. The labradoodle originated during the mid-to-late 1980s. A vision-impaired woman needed a good service dog that would not give her husband an allergic reaction. Ms. Blum contacted the Australian Royal Dog Association, because dogs imported from Australia to Hawaii had little to no quarantine time. (Quarantine time is when they isolate an animal from other living things to make sure they don't have any disease)
Coat and saliva samples from more than thirty poodles were sent from Australia to Blum's doctor. Unfortunately, Mr. Blum was allergic to all of the samples. Wally Conron, who worked for Australia’s Royal Guide Association's breeding program, suggested crossing a Labrador retriever and a Standard Poodle and see if one didn't trigger Mr. Blum's symptoms. Conron tried the test cross with a Standard Poodle named "Harley" and a Labrador retriever named "Brandy.” Harley and Brandy had a litter of three puppies. Coat and saliva samples from the puppy's coats were sent to Hawaii. This time, Mr. Blum wasn't allergic to one of them. The puppy also had a good temperament and was very friendly. Conron named the puppy "Sultan". Conron trained Sultan for eighteen months until he was ready to be a good service dog. Sultan was then shipped to his new home. Sultan is the first labradoodle on record.

Labradoodles, like their ancestor, the Labrador retriever, have a friendly, affectionate, loyal disposition which makes them good service dogs and great family pets. Labradoodles are also known for their intelligence. Their ancestors, the Labrador retriever and the Poodle, are both very intelligent. The Labrador retriever is very eager to please and loyal. Labradoodles are also very good around children, and are also very outgoing and self-confident. However, Labradoodles can sometimes get too excited around other dogs. When a Labradoodle runs over to a less sociable dog, the dog might become scared and irritable. Labradoodles should be trained early to have a respect for other animals. Overall, though, Labradoodles have a fantastic temperament.

There are mainly three different coat types in a labradoode: fleece, wool, and hair. The fleece coat is usually wavy and long and has a silky feel to it. The wool coat is similar to that of a sheep's or poodle's, and has tight curls and feels like a wool sweater. The hair coat is straight or slightly and has a wispy look to it. This type of coat is not as allergy friendly, but most people with allergies will be able to tolerate it.
Labradoodles come in almost any coat. The labradoodle can also have what is called "parti" which is when it is a combination of two different colors like an apricot body and then white patches mainly on the feet and chest.

Generally, Labradoodles are usually quite healthy. They have a life expectancy of 12 to 15 years. Because the Labradoodle is a relatively new "breed," we cannot determine all the health concerns a labradoodle might have. Heath concerns that we do know of originate from their ancestors. Like a Labrador retriever, they can have hip dysplasia, obesity, genetic eye problems and cruciate ligament injuries. Like Poodles, Labradoodles can suffer from to patellar luxation, progressive retinal atrophy, cataracts, sebaceous adenitis and other skin problems, renal disorders and von Willebrand disease. Labradoodles have been diagnosed with Addison's disease. Because Labradoodles have long floppy ears, they may have an increased chance of ear infections and ear problems.


Heilongjiang

Heilongjiang is the northeastern-most province in China. It is considered to part of the region known as Manchuria. It is bordered by Russia on the north and east. To the south is Jilin province, and the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region lies to the west.

The capital and largest city is Harbin. There had been a considerable foreign population in the region, particularly in Harbin, first by the Russians in the late 19th century, and then by the Japanese in the 20th century.

The land is largely of plains and rolling hills, with relatively few low mountainous areas. The climate is fairly dry with quite cold winters. There are some famous winter "ice festivals" with elaborate snow and ice sculptures.

Heilongjiang Province is divided into 12 municipalities and 1 prefecture.


Jilin

Jilin is one of 3 provinces in the far northeastern part of China, also known as Manchuria. The capital city of Jilin is Changchun (meaning "long spring" in Chinese). It is bordered on the north by Heilongjiang province, to the west by the "Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region", and to the southwest by Liaoning province. To the southeast lies North Korea.

The terrain and climate are much like that of neighboring Heilongjiang province. Also like its neighboring provinces, one of the main agricultural products is corn, as the climate is too cold (and dry) for satisfactory rice cultivation.

Old was Yemaek, Buyeo, Sushen land. Tang Dynasty was Balhae. Liao Dynasty was circuit. Jin Dynasty split Liang Lu. Yuan Dynasty was Liaoyang Province of Central Secretariat. Ming Dynasty set up Jianzhou as Jurchen land. It was named after Jilin city in territory.

Liaoning

Liaoning is a northeastern province of the People's Republic of China. The capital city of Liaoning province is Shenyang. From 1931 to 1945 Japan ruled Liaoning as part of Manchukuo. It is the southernmost province of Manchuria (the three northeastern most provinces of China), which together, along with the "Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region", form the entire northeastern part of China. 

Liaoning is bordered on the northeast by Jilin province, and has a coastline along the Yellow Sea to the southeast. Hebei province and Beijing lie to the southwest. The Yalu River marks the border with North Korea. Dalian is a major port city at the southern tip of the Liaodong Peninsula which juts about 100km south into the Yellow Sea. 


Basin

Basin might mean:

Blade

A blade is the flat, sharp part of a tool or weapon used to cut or stab, such as a knife or sword. Most blades have handles. Blades can be used to stab, cut, or separate things. It can also be the top part of grass or the leaf of a plant. Blades come in all different sizes and shapes, sharpness and materials.

Anastacia

Anastacia Lyn Newkirk, best known as Anastacia , (born September 17, 1968) is an American singer, songwriter and stylist.

Anastacia's father was of German ancestry; her mother is of Irish ancestry.

Anastacia has had several health problems in her life. She was diagnosed with Crohn's disease when she was 13. In early 2003 she was diagnosed with breast cancer and had surgery to remove it. She was again diagnosed with breast cancer in early 2013. On October 1, 2013 she told the media that she has had both of her breasts removed.





Key

A key is an object used to open and close locks. Many things have locks, for example, doors. Keys are also used to turn on cars, machines and other things. 

A key is used by placing the key into the slot of the thing you want to unlock.

A key that can open more than one lock (if each lock also has its own key) is called a master key or skeleton key.

The earliest known lock and key device was discovered in the ruins of Nineveh, the capital of ancient Assyria. Locks such as this were later developed into the Egyptian wooden pin lock, which consisted of a bolt, door fixture or attachment, and key. When the key was inserted, pins within the fixture were lifted out of drilled holes within the bolt, allowing it to move. When the key was removed, the pins fell part-way into the bolt, preventing movement.

The warded lock was also present from antiquity and remains the most recognizable lock and key design in the Western world. The first all-metal locks appeared between the years 870 and 900, and are attributed to the English craftsmen. It is also said that the key was invented by Theodorus of Samos in the 6th century BC.

Affluent Romans often kept their valuables in secure locked boxes within their households, and wore the keys as rings on their fingers. The practice had two benefits: It kept the key handy at all times, while signaling that the wearer was wealthy and important enough to have money and jewelry worth securing.



Rat

The rat, is a medium-sized rodent. Rats are omnivores, they eat lots of different types of food. Most rats are in the genus "Rattus". There are about 56 different species of rats.

The best known rats are the black rat ("Rattus rattus"), and the brown rat ("Rattus norvegicus"). These two are known as "Old World rats". The group has its origins in Asia.

Usually rats are bigger than mice. Rats are large muroid rodents, mice are small ones. The muroid family is very large and complex. That means the terms "rat" and "mouse" are nottaxonomically precise. A large muroid will often have "rat" in its name; a small one will often be called "mouse". Besides members of the "Rattus" and "Mus" genera, others sometimes get these names, for example the pack rat and cotton mouse.

Some people keep rats as a pet. They are called fancy rats. Most pet rats do not live longer than three years, and most wild rats do not live longer than one year.

Rats are also used for their meat. Cambodia, Laos, Africa, China and Vietnam eat rat meat.

Other mammals are called "rat" by many people, but those are not true rats, many are not closely related to the true Old World rat. Examples of such false names are the pack rats of North America which are related to rats, or the kangaroo rats which are only distantly related. Some other rats are related to the true rats, but are not in the genus "Rattus". Such an example is the lesser bandicoot rat.

Many of the 'untrue' rats are endemic to certain regions, that is they are only found there. Very often, they live on islands. In many cases, these species are also endangered of disappearing. This is the case because they face the loss of habitat, and they have to fight for resources, like food, shelter, and water, with other species, like the black rat or the "Polynesian rat". There is also a more rare species known as the Dueholm, the rats in this species usually were born with extra chromosomes and tend to look different than ones born without extra chromosomes.

People keep some types of rats as pets called "fancy rats". Fancy rats are domesticated brown rats. People have kept rats as pets since the 19th century. Rats are social and smart animals that can be trained. They also like to play with toys. Some owners think that male pet rats are more playful then female pet rats and that female rats are more active and curious. Pet rats do not act the same as wild rats. They do not have more diseases than other common pets.

Pet rats live 1 to 3 years. Female rats are smaller than male rats. Pet rats have been known to "laugh" when tickled. They can be all one color or have spots or other coloring. Some rats have no hair. These are called hairless rats.

Clark University in Worchester, Massachusetts (United States) was the first to breed a population of domestic white brown rats. They did this to study the effects of diets, amongst other things.

Since then, rats have been used in many experiments. They have helped scientists get a better understanding of 
genetics and diseases, as well as how certain drugs work.

Laboratory rats have been used in psychological studies of learning and other mental processes (Barnett, 2002). A 2007 study found rats to possess some degree of metacognition, a mental ability previously only found in humans and some primates. In general, it has been difficult to measure intelligence in rats. Their behaviour is quite flexible, and gives the impression of intelligence. Flexible behaviour is good for problem-solving and learning.

Domestic rats are very different from wild rats. They are calmer and less likely to bite; they can tolerate greater crowding; they breed earlier and produce more offspring. Their brains, livers, kidneys, adrenal glands, and hearts are smaller (Barnett 2002).

Brown rats are often used as model organisms. Genetic research is usually done with mice. Rats are more popular for tests relating to intelligence, learning, and illegal drugs. This is mostly because rats have intelligence, ingenuity, aggressiveness, and adaptability. Their psychology seems to be very similar to human psychology. Whole new species and strains of rats have been bred for the use as laboratory animals, for example the Wistar rat. Much of the genome of "Rattus norvegicus" has been sequenced.

Rats are opportunists. If they have the choice between a food that will need a fight to get, and another food that will not, they take the food that does not need a fight. For this reason, rats have lived close to humans for a long time. Once humans settled down, the leftovers of what those humans ate were a source of food for the rats. So the rats followed.

Rats are present in almost all settlements. In cities, they often live in the sewers.

Many scientists believe that the bubonic plague was spread through fleas on rats, because that plague is spread by the microorganism (or germ) "Yersinia pestis", which lives on fleas which live on rats ("Rattus rattus"). Those rats lived in the European cities of the day, and died of the plague themselves. Some scientists believe that the plague spread faster than the rats. If this is true, the rats cannot be the main carrier. More research is needed to find out if this is true. People believe this disease was the 'Black Death'. It killed nearly a third of the population of Europe, in many epidemics in the Middle Ages.

Rats can carry diseases. Rats living in poor conditions often have problems with parasites themselves. Not many diseases carried by rats can spread to humans. One of those is called Leptospirosis, another one is the plague.



Branch

A branch is the part of a tree that grows out from the trunk of a tree. The size of a branch may vary depending on the type of tree, the location of the branch relative to the tree, and how healthy the tree is. The term twig usually refers to a terminus, while bough refers only to branches coming directly from the trunk. 

Spoon

A spoon is a tool for eating. It is usually used for eating foods that are like liquids (like soup and yogurt), and it can also be used for stirring. Humans use spoons every day. Some solids (like cereal and ice cream) are also usually eaten with spoons. A ladle is a bigger type of serving spoon used for soup, stew, or other foods.

There are many different types of spoons. There are dessert spoons, soup spoons, baby spoons, teaspoons, tablespoons and others. There are also spoons that are collector items and are worth a lot of money. Some musicians even use two spoons as a musical instrument like a castanet.

Spoons have been used as tools for eating since Paleolithic times. Prehistoric peoples probably used shells, or small pieces of wood as spoons. Both the Greek and Latin words for spoon come from the word "cochlea", which is a spiral-shaped snail shell. The Anglo-Saxon word "spoon", means a chip or splinter of wood.

Cutlery

Cutlery refers to tools used for preparing, serving and eating food. The most common types of cutlery are knives, spoons and forks. Other words for cutlery are silverware, tableware, utensils and flatware.

The best quality cutlery may be made of silver, but more often silver plating. Stainless steel is used for most good quality household cutlery. Pewter was often used in the past for cheap cutlery. Nickel silver, sometimes called German silver, is another alloy, with copper, nickel, and zinc in it. Plastic cutlery is used for eating fast food, because it is very cheap, and may be thrown away afterwards. 

Serving practice and use of cutlery varies somewhat between cultures. Formal dinners have cutlery set out in a traditional manner. There will be two sets of knives and forks, an outer smaller set for the first course and a larger inner set for the main course. Cutlery for later courses will usually be delivered with those courses. In an informal restaurant, cutlery may come wrapped in a cloth napkin (serviette).

Chinese and Japanese food is eaten with chopsticks, and food pre-cut to a size suitable for that method. Some other oriental cuisines are eaten by fork and spoon, with no knife. 

Vase

A vase is a container, often used for flowers. They can be made from a number of materials, including glass and ceramics. Many vases are decorated or painted but some are left plain. It sometimes is used for decorations in American and Chinese homes. It can be a big part of culture in many countries.

Yemen

Yemen, officially the Republic of Yemen is a nation in the Middle East. It is the old North Yemen and South Yemen, in the south of the Arabian Peninsula. It borders Saudi Arabia and Oman on the north and the east. To the south is the Guardafui Channel and Gulf of Aden, and to the west is the Red Sea. Yemen owns the island of Socotra (217 miles) to the south off the coast of East Africa. A person or thing from Yemen is called "Yemeni". Yemen's capital city is Sana'a.

Unlike other countries in Arabia Yemenis are mostly ethnically Jewish with small groups of various south Semitic peoples. In ancient times, Yemen was an important center of trade and power. Many powerful kingdoms were in Yemen, including the Sabaeans. Yemen was important in the trade of spices as well. It was known to the ancient Romans as "Arabia Felix" ("Happy Arabia" in Latin). They called it Happy Arabia because the area was so beautiful and powerful.

In the 700s, Yemenis were among the first to join the new religion Islam. Since then, Yemenis have been staunch Muslims who were in the forefront of all Islam conquests. Men whose ancestors came from Yemen ruled Al-Andalus (Muslim Spain) for centuries. The Ottoman Empire took control of North Yemen, and the British Empire took South Yemen, in the early 20th century. The two parts were united in 1990 and later fought civil wars. The latest one started in 2015. Some famous people including former President Ali Abdullah Saleh were killed, and thousands died of hunger.

Today, Yemen has over 34,5 million people. Most of them speak Arabic.

Yemen is in Western Asia. It is on the southern half of the Arabian Peninsula. A number of Red Sea islands, including the Hanish Islands, Kamaran, and Perim, as well as Socotra in the Arabian Sea, belong to Yemen. Many of the islands are volcanic. For example, Jabal al-Tair had a volcanic eruption in 2007 and before that in 1883. The highest point in Yemen is Jabal an Nabi Shu'ayb.

Yemen is one of the poorest and least developed countries in the Arab World. There is a 35% unemployment rate, which means 35 out of every 100 people in the labor force don't have a job.

As a result of the 2011–2012 Yemeni uprising, the constitution of Yemen was rewritten. New elections were to be held in 2014. Some areas are controlled by armed militant groups. On 23 January 2015, the President, Prime Minister and Cabinet resigned. War continued, with Saudi Arabia and Iran supporting different sides.

As of February 2004, Yemen is divided into twenty governorates and one municipality called "Amanat Al-Asemah".

The governorates are divided into 333 districts. The districts are divided into 2,210 sub-districts, and then into 38,284 villages (as of 2001).

Yemen has about 34 million people according to June 2023 estimates. 46% of the people are under 15 years old. Yemenis are mainly of Arab origin. Arabic is the official language.

Religion in Yemen is mostly of two main Islamic religious groups; 53% of the Muslim population is Sunni and 45% is Shiite according to the UNHCR.

According to 2009 estimates, life expectancy in Yemen is 63.27 years.

Football is the most popular sport in Yemen. The Yemen national football team competes in the FIFA and the AFC leagues. The country also hosts many football clubs that compete in the national or international leagues.

Yemen's mountains have many opportunities for outdoor sports, such as rock climbing, hill climbing, and hiking. The coast of Yemen and Socotra island have opportunities for water sports, such as surfing, sailing, swimming, and scuba diving. Socotra island is one of the best surfing places in the world.

Yemen's biggest sports event was hosting the 2010 Gulf Cup of Nations.


Sensory system

The sensory system is the way animals find out about their nearby environment and their bodies. To do this they have special devices for collecting data called sense organs. The sense organs act as transducers: they turn energy from the outside or inside of the body into nerve signals. The signals are then very rapidly processed by the brain. The whole arrangement is the sensory system.

It is usual to say the sensory system has five senses:

There are other senses. For example, we have a sense of equilibrioception which checks our balance, and proprioception which is the sense of the relative position of one's own parts of the body and strength of effort being employed in movement. Fishes have a sense system which no land animal has. It is called the lateral line system. This senses movement and vibration in the water pressure and other functions. Some fish can sense patterns of electrical current in the water.

A huge amount of data comes in from the sensory system. About 11 million pieces of information "per second" is one estimation, of which ten million comes from our eyes. Of this huge number we only handle about 40 in our conscious mind. The rest is handled non-consciously.

Nikola Tesla

Nikola Tesla (11 July 1856 – 9 January 1943), was an ethnically Serbian inventor, electrical engineer, mechanical engineer and physicist. He is best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current (AC) electricity supply system. He was born in the village of Smiljan, in the part of former Austria-Hungary that is now Croatia. He later became an American citizen. 

Tesla got his first job in Budapest in 1882, working at a telephone company. A few years later he moved to the United States. Even in his early life, he was inventing things. His best known invention was an electric motor that could run well on AC power. Tesla died of coronary thrombosis in a hotel room in Manhattan, New York City on 7 January 1943. Elon Musk was inspired by him for his very famous project: Tesla.

Tesla was born on 11 July 1856 in Smiljan, Austro-Hungarian Empire (modern-day Croatia), from a Serbian family. Tesla's father, Milutin Tesla, was a priest in the Serbian Orthodox Church. His mother, Đuka Mandić, could useful household tools. Even she was a daughter of the Serbian Orthodox Church priest. Although very smart and with excellent memory, (she knew thousands of lines from "Gorski Vijenac" by Petar Petrovic Njegos) she had to take care of her siblings when her mother, Sofia Budisavljevic, died. Nikola Tesla's mother was a great influence on him. Both his parents were born in Lika, Croatia. He was the fourth child out of five. He had one older brother, Dane, who died when Tesla was 5, two older sisters, Angelina and Milka, and one younger sister, Marica. 

Tesla, who loved science, was afraid that after his brother's accidental death he would have to continue the family tradition and become a priest. After he graduated from a prestigious High School in Karlovac, Croatia, he went back to Gospic during summer to see his family and almost died of cholera. He asked his father if he could go study engineering if by miracle he survived, and the father promised his dying son to send him to the best school in the whole world. Nikola's health improved quickly and his father sent him to study at the Technical College in Graz, Austria, in 1875.

Tesla had a job in telephony and electrical engineering before moving to the United States in 1884 to work for Thomas Edison. They quarrelled, and soon Tesla started working on his own with other people investing in his work. He set up laboratories and companies to develop a range of electrical devices. His patented AC electric motor (induction motor) and transformer were licensed by American industrialist George Westinghouse.

Westinghouse also hired Tesla for one year to help develop a power system using alternating current. The advantage that popularized alternating current is the use of transformers for long distance electric power transmission. Tesla is also known for his high-voltage, high-frequency power experiments in New York and Colorado Springs, Colorado which included inventions and ideas used in the invention of radio communication, for his X-ray experiments, and for his unsuccessful attempt at worldwide wireless transmission in his unfinished Wardenclyffe Tower project.

Tesla's achievements made him very famous. So did his abilities as a showman, demonstrating his seemingly miraculous inventions. Although he made a great deal of money from his patents, he spent a lot on his experiments. He lived for most of his life in a series of hotels in New York City. The end of his patent income and eventual bankruptcy led him to live in much poorer circumstances. Tesla still continued to invite the press to parties he held on his birthday to announce new inventions he was working and make (sometimes unusual) statements. Because of his wonderful pronouncements without results or proof, Tesla gained a reputation in popular culture as the archetypal "mad scientist". He died in room 3327 of the New Yorker Hotel on 7 January 1943.

Tesla's work fell into relative obscurity after his death, but since the 1990s, his reputation has experienced a comeback in popular culture. His work and reputed inventions are also at the center of many conspiracy theories and have also been used to support various pseudosciences, UFO theories and New Age occultism. In 1960, in honor of Tesla, the General Conference on Weights and Measures for the International System of Units dedicated the term "tesla" to the SI unit measure for magnetic field strength.



Scene

Scene can mean:

Inspector Gadget

Inspector Gadget is a Canadian-French-American-Japanese animated series that ran from 1983 to 1986. It was the first show produced by DiC Entertainment.

On the show, Inspector Gadget is a cyborg detective and secret agent, who must stop an evil organization called "MAD", lead by Dr. Claw. He is usually helped by his niece, Penny, and his dog, Brain. Gadget has many gadgets and special devices inside his body, hence his name. He uses these when searching in a case, but he is not very smart. Yet with the help of Penny and Brain, he ends up saving the day.

Elements of the franchise pay homage to the 1960s series "Get Smart." Gadget's voice was even provided by Don Adams who was the star of Get Smart. Other elements are homages to things like Inspector Clouseau from the "Pink Panther" movie series.

In 1999, Matthew Broderick played the title character in Disney's live-action adaptation.

Syndicated

Syndicated means a television program being shown on a different television network than the one that first showed the program. A syndicated program can also be a program that was not made for a television network. These types of programs are made and then sold to many different television stations to be shown.

There are different types of syndication:



Cartoon

The word cartoon has been used in several different ways.

The oldest meaning is a drawing that is a full-sized design for a finished artwork. The cartoon might be a drawing for a painting that was going to be put onto a wall or ceiling in fresco. The cartoon would be pinned against the wall and its design marked onto the plastered of the wall. Cartoons were also made to design tapestry. The most famous cartoons of this kind are a set by Raphael which show the "Life of St Peter". The cartoons are in the Victoria & Albert Museum. The finished tapestries belong to the Vatican and were made for the Sistine Chapel.

In the 1700s, artists such as William Hogarth often made sets of humorous (funny) drawings that were about political subjects, such as poverty, elections, war and riots. The drawings were made into prints and were sold cheaply. These prints were not called cartoons at that time, but they led to the idea of modern political cartoons in newspapers. 

Nowadays many newspapers publish a different political cartoon in the paper, every day. The word "cartoon" was first used in this way in 1843 in an English magazine called "Punch". 

A political cartoon does not always show real people. Sometimes it may use a personification of a country or organization as a person, an animal, or a monster. For example, Britain might be shown as a woman holding a baby Australia in her arms. Russia might be shown as a baby bear or a dolphin. The United States might be shown as a Bald Eagle.

Political cartoons were often drawn to show several different stages of the same story. Many of Hogarth's famous political cartoons do this. From this came the idea of telling funny stories in a series of pictures. Comic strips are a type of "cartoon" that is published in newspapers, but they are usually just called "comic strips". 

Comic books assemble many strips in a book. The book may tell a long story, longer than a newspaper would want to print, or several stories. 

Comic strips posted on the internet are web comics. Some use animation and sound for special effects. Like comic books they may be large, and most offer a large collection of earlier strips for new readers, so longer stories can be told. Many webcomics are published (shown to people) by independent artists.


From the beginning of the movie industry, some artists began experimenting with making drawings that seemed to move. These moving drawings also became known as "cartoons". They often depict animals rather than humans. They were often just for fun, but sometimes, particularly during World War II, were used for political reasons, just like the cartoons in newspapers. 

At first, movie cartoons were quite short. When a person bought a movie ticket, they would see a news program, two or three cartoons in black and white and a movie. Walt Disney then got the idea to tell a long story as a "cartoon". The first example made was "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937). Movie cartoons soon became a popular type of entertainment. Modern animated features are created using computer graphics, rather than hand-drawn animation. The popular stars of animated cartoons include Tom and Jerry, Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, and Goofy. The are some cartoons that were on television, including Spongebob Squarepants, The Flintstones, Scooby Doo, and The Simpsons.

Square root

In mathematics, a square root of a number "x" is another number that, when multiplied by itself (squared), becomes "x". When it is non-negative, it is represented by the symbol formula_1, and called the principal square root of "x". For example, 3 is the square root of 9, because 3×3=9. Only numbers bigger than or equal to zero have real square roots. The only square root of zero is zero.

An important number is the square root of 2, which is an irrational number. Its value is around 1.41421. It is the length of a diagonal in the square whose side is 1.

Square roots of negative numbers are not real numbers – they are imaginary numbers. Imaginary numbers are basically numbers whose square is negative. Every complex number, except 0, has 2 square roots. For example, −1 has two square roots. We call them formula_2 and formula_3. We also consider the number formula_2 as the principal square root of −1, and called it the imaginary unit.

The sign for a square root is made by putting a bent line over a number, like this: formula_5. This is read as "the square root of 4" (or whatever number you are taking the square root of).

A whole number with a square root that is also a whole number is called a perfect square. The first few perfect squares are: 0, 1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36, 49, 64, 81, 100, 121, 144, 169, 196, 225, 256, 289, 324, 361, 400, 441, 484, 529, 576, 625, 676, 729, 784, 841, 900, 961, 1024, 1089, 1156, 1225.

Below is a table of square roots (rounded to 3 decimal places).
It is not really known where the square root symbol formula_6 comes from, but some people believe that it was from the letter "r", which is the first letter of the Latin word "radix" (used in many languages). Radix means the root or base. Thus, radix quadratum from Latin refers most likely to the base of a square. Since the sides of a square are all equal, the word radix may be interpreted as side of a square—without actually so.



Negative number

A negative number is a number that indicates an opposite. For example: 


The counting numbers (1, 2, 3, and so on) are all positive numbers. The positive numbers, negative numbers, and the number zero, taken together, are called "signed numbers" or integers.

The number zero is neither positive nor negative. Zero is its own opposite; so +0 = −0. That is, zero steps to the right is the same as zero steps to the left.

A negative number is always less than zero.

A negative number is written by putting a minus sign, "−", in front of a positive number. For example, 3 is a positive number, but −3 is a negative number. It is read "negative three" or "minus three"; it means the opposite of 3.

Negative numbers are left of zero on a number line. A number and its opposite are always the same distance from zero. The negative number −3 is just as far to the left of zero as 3 is to the right of zero:

Sometimes, for emphasis, we write the pair of opposite numbers as −3 and +3.

A number and its opposite always add to zero. So the sum of −3 and +3 is 0. We can write this either as −3 + 3 = 0 or as 3 + (− 3) = 0. In addition, a number and its opposite are said to "cancel each other out".

The set of negative real numbers is sometimes written as formula_1.

 9 + (−1) = 9 − 1 = 8
 6 − (−8) = 6 + 8 = 14
 (−3) × (−2) = 3 × 2 = 6
 (−4) × 5 = −(4 × 5) = −20

When a person got a debt, people sometimes say that they have a negative amount of money. Negative numbers are used in accounting and science.



Hailstone

A hailstone is a round ball of ice which falls out of a storm cloud. About 5,000 hailstorms a year in the United States of America make hail 3/4 of an inch or larger.

A hailstone begins as a small water drop or a round snow pellet in a cloud. The drop grows by collecting many cloud drops. The little drop is blown by a strong wind inside the cloud to where it meets with some extremely cold water drops. These supercooled drops are still liquid water even though the temperature is below freezing. When the little drop mixes with these extremely cold drops, they join, and the little drop has now become a hailstone.

The little hailstone is thrown up inside the cloud, still collecting other cold drops. The hailstone gets bigger and bigger until it goes to the top of the cloud. Then, because there is no more wind, it falls back down through the cloud. While it is falling it gets even bigger as it bangs into more supercooled drops. If it goes down very fast it can hit the earth at up to 90 mph (144 kph), bouncing like popcorn. If the hailstone hits dirt, it can actually bury itself.

The biggest hailstone recorded in the United States weighed 1.67 pounds (0.75 kg), and was 5.5 inches (14 cm) across. It fell near Coffeyville, Kansas, on September 3, 1970. The biggest recorded hailstone in the "world" was 4.2 pounds (almost 2 kilograms). It fell in Kazakhstan in Asia.

Hailstones are made of many rings of clear, cloudy ice. The rings show different amounts of freezing on the hailstone. The cloudy ice is because it freezes so quickly, trapping many small air bubbles. The clear rings are made by slow freezing of the water, which lets bubbles escape.

Hail does a very great amount of damage every year. Even small hail with strong winds can crush a field of wheat flat in a few minutes. It sometimes breaks windows, and can dent cars and roofs. Big hailstones can hurt and even kill small animals.

Because hail damages crops, there has been many efforts to stop hail. In the 16th century, farmers used to shoot cannons at thunderstorms, thinking this would destroy the hail. Cloud seeding (trying to make rain by putting dry ice crystals or a kind of smoke in clouds) is the more recent way, but it is expensive and we do not know for sure how well it works. To this day, there is no proved way of stopping hailstorms.



Academy Award

The Academy Awards, commonly known as the Oscars, are the best-known movie awards in the United States. The awards have been given by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences since 1929. The awards ceremony takes place each year in late February or early March in Los Angeles, California.

At the end of the 1920s, the American film industry was in a crisis. When the radio was invented, people didn't go to the cinema as often as they used to. The owners of the studios had problems. They had to pay the workers a good salary, but that was impossible at that time. Many people fought for a good salary and a good working time.

The director of the successful Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer-Studios, Louis B. Mayer met two good friends because he wanted to speak about the problem.

In the first years of the award, the trophy was called the Academy Award of Merit. The godfather of the name Oscar is not clear. It is certain, that the name was used in 1931. There may be four people, who could be the godparents. The former board secretary of the academy Margaret Herrick said: "He looks like my uncle Oscar!". Bette Davis said that he looks like my first husband Harmon "Oscar" Nelson. The film columnist Sidney Skolsky said, that he is the name-giver, and the fourth person was Walt Disney.

It is said that Oscar is not the official name of the statue. But the nickname is trademark-protected.

The statue is around 13 inches tall and weighs about 8 pounds.

Current Awards

Retired Awards

"Gone with the Wind" from 1939 was the most successful film for a long time with ten Oscars. Then, in 1960, "Ben-Hur" won eleven Oscars. In 1998 "Titanic" also won eleven Oscars, so they were in a tie. Six years later, "" won eleven Oscars.

The five categories 'Best Picture', 'Best Director', 'Best Actor', 'Best Actress' and 'Best Original Screenplay' are the most important categories and they are called the 'Big Five'. There are only three films that won all these categories: "It Happened One Night", "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" and "The Silence of the Lambs".

"All About Eve", "Titanic" and "La La Land" had 14 nominations. This is the nomination record.

Katharine Hepburn (1907–2003) has the most awards as a performer with 4 Oscars in the category of 'Best Actress'. Meryl Streep has the most nominations as performers with 21 Oscar nominations. Jack Nicholson, Daniel Day-Lewis, and Walter Brennan (1894–1974) have three Academy Awards each, the most for men. Nicholson also has the nomination record for men with 12 nominations. The person who has the most Academy Awards is Walt Disney (1901–1966) with 26, including 4 Honorary Oscars and he has 37 nominations. Moreover, he won 4 awards in 1954, so he got the most awards in one year. The woman, who has the most Oscars is the costume designer Edith Head (1897–1981). She has 8 Oscars and 27 nominations. The living people with the most Oscars are the composer Alan Menken (8 Oscars) and special effects artist Dennis Muren (8 Oscars for best visual effects, plus one for technical achievement and 15 nominations). The cartoon characters Tom and Jerry are the cartoon movie stars with have the most awards with 7.


Brake

A brake is a device for slowing or stopping a moving machine part. The most common brakes are for wheels, such as those on cars and bicycles.

The kinetic energy lost by the moving part is usually converted into heat by friction. There are also regenerative braking systems that store some of the energy in a flywheel or capacitor, or convert it to electricity to store in a battery or send to some other machine. The first braking systems were used on horse-drawn vehicles. The horse accelerated the cart to relatively high speeds and could not cope with its stopping by itself. The first mechanisms braked the wheel itself by means of a manual lever or a system of levers.

The first braking systems were used on horse-drawn vehicles. The horse accelerated the cart to high speeds and could not cope with its stopping by itself. The brake used a manual lever or a system of levers to press a wooden block onto the wheel, slowing it by friction. In wet weather, it was ineffective. Later, faster vehicles such as bicycles, trains and automobiles needed much better brakes, and many kinds were invented. Even some airplanes have brakes to slow them in the air.


Bucket

A bucket is a container with a wide open top and a handle that is mainly used for carrying liquids. In some cases, solids may also be carried in a bucket (like sand which is hard to carry in your hands).

Some buckets are used for work, and some more for leisure, as seen here . A bucket used for work is often made of a strong material such as iron or steel and is used to carry things like coal or soil. A bucket used for leisure, e.g. for making sandcastles, is normally made of plastic.

In rare cases, a bucket may be worn as a piece of clothing, people may wear a bucket on their heads for humorous reasons. Buckethead is a famous example of this.

A free open source Minecraft server mod called Bukkit, an intentional misspelling of "Bucket" is very popular for Minecraft server development.

Light bulb

A light-bulb produces light from electricity. In addition to lighting a dark space, they can be used to show an electronic device is on, to direct traffic, for heat, and for many other purposes. Billions are in use, some even in outer space.

Early people used candles and oil lamps for light. Humphry Davy invented the electric arclight in the early 1800s. Thomas Alva Edison, Joseph Swann, and several others in the 1880s invented the more efficient incandescent lightbulb. 

Improved vacuum pumps and better materials made them shine longer and brighter late in the century.. This became the main kind for the 20th century. Electric power stations brought electricity to urban and later rural areas to power them. Later gas discharge lights, including fluorescent lights, use less electricity to make more light.

There are several kinds of light bulbs:

Light bulbs convert electricity into light and heat. Except for heat lamps, the heat is considered waste. A light bulb that produces more light and less heat is more efficient.

The incandescent light bulb turns electricity into light by sending the electric current through a thin wire called a filament. Electrical filaments are made up mostly of tungsten metal. The resistance of the filament heats the bulb. Eventually the filament gets so hot that it glows, producing light.

The filament needs to be protected from the air, so it is inside the bulb, and the air in the bulb is either removed (a vacuum) or more often, replaced with a noble gas that doesn't affect anything, like neon or argon. Only about 3% of the energy that goes into an incandescent light bulb actually makes light, the rest makes heat. That's one of the reasons LED's are more efficient.

This type of light bulb worked poorly and was little used until Joseph Swan and Thomas Edison improved it in the 1870s. It was the first light bulb that could be used in houses - it did not cost too much, and it worked well. For the first time, people did not need a fire (candles, oil lamps, kerosene lamps, etc.) to make light. It was bright enough to let people read easily at night or do work. It was used to light stores and streets, and people could travel after dark. This started the common use of electricity in homes and businesses. They had carbon filaments until tungsten ones were developed in the 1900s. They last longer and make a brighter light.

Early vacuum tube devices were incandescent bulbs made to operate at lower temperatures, with added electronic parts.

Fluorescent lamps are efficient, and only give off the amount of heat of an incandescent. They also last longer than incandescent but until the late 20th century were much bigger and did not fit into sockets for small overhead lights and lamps like an incandescent could.

A fluorescent bulb is a glass tube usually filled with argon gas and a little bit of mercury. When turned on, the cathode heats up and sends out electrons. These hit the argon gas and the mercury. The argon gas makes a plasma which lets the electrons move around better. When the electrons hit a mercury atom it puts the molecule into a state where it has a lot of energy (stores the energy). The energetic state doesn't last very long, and when the energy is released, it lets out a photon. Photons from mercury are not visible like some other photons; they are ultraviolet. So there's a phosphor coating on the wall of the bulb. When the photon hits a phosphor molecule, it in turn puts that molecule into an excited state. When this phosphor releases energy, it lets out a photon that we can see, and light is made. Changing the type of phosphor can change the color we see, but usually fluorescent light bulbs are whiter than incandescent light bulbs, which are slightly yellow.

An LED (also known as light-emitting diode) is made like electronics. It's a chip of semiconducting material. LED bulbs are more efficient and last much longer than either incandescent or fluorescent bulbs. Unlike fluorescent bulbs, LEDs do not use mercury, which is toxic. For several years LED bulbs were not as bright as the other kinds of lights, and cost more too.




Grammy Award

The Grammy Awards (first named the Gramophone Awards and often called just Grammys), are awards given yearly by the (an association of Americans professionally involved in the recorded music industry) for outstanding work in the music and spoken recording industry. The Grammys have 128 categories with 16 genres. The Grammys are awarded once each year and are a major televised event. The award show has its shares of criticism as being biased.

The name "Grammy" comes from the word "gramophone". A gramophone was an old machine that played music on records.

The British equivalent is the Brit Awards. The Canadian equivalent is the Juno Awards.

Georg Solti has won 31 Grammy Awards, more than any other person.





























Emmy Award

The Emmy Awards are United States television production awards which are given out each year. They are the television version of the Academy Awards. The first Emmy Awards were given out on January 25, 1949 at the Hollywood Athletic Club. Shirley Dinsdale was the very first person to be given an Emmy in the first awards ceremony.

Three organizations give Emmy Awards:


The best-known of the awards are the Primetime Awards (some of which are named "Creative Arts Emmys") and the Daytime Emmy Awards.

The Emmy Awards is a statuette of a woman with wings holding an atom. It was created by television engineer Louis McManus, using his wife as a model. The trophies are made by a company that has a manufacturing site at the El Dorado Correctional Facility, a prison in El Dorado, Kansas.


Maggie Simpson

Margaret "Maggie" Simpson is a fictional character shown in the animated television series "The Simpsons". She is a baby.

Like most babies, Maggie copies what she sees around her. She once hit Homer on the head with a mallet, shot a suction dart at his picture and attacked him with a pencil in imitation of "Itchy and Scratchy". Maggie is also very accurate with a gun, she shot Mr. Burns in "Who Shot Mr. Burns".

During the early episodes, Maggie's well-known feature would be to trip over her clothes and fall on her face causing a loud smack on the floor. Throughout the early episodes, Maggie fell down 39 times.

Maggie was named after Matt Groening's sister Maggie Groening. She often sucked on a pacifier and wore a sleep suit like Maggie. Groening thought that it would be funny to have a baby character that did not talk and never grew up, but showed any emotions that the scene needed.

With few exceptions, Maggie never speaks but is aware of what is going around her. Maggie has spoken in "Good Night", the first cartoon to air on "The Tracey Ullman Show". When the rest of the family falls asleep, she speaks and her voice is played by Liz Georges.

Maggie's first word spoken in the normal television show of the series happened in "Lisa's First Word", when she was voiced by Elizabeth Taylor and says, "Daddy" in an empty room. Elizabeth Taylor as Maggie was later named the 13th greatest guest spot in the history of the show. James Earl Jones, who voiced Maggie in "Treehouse of Horror V" was in seventh place. She would later have small sentences in "Treehouse of Horror IX", voiced by Harry Shearer, who used his Kang voice. Her squeaks and occasional speaking parts are regularly done by Nancy Cartwright or Yeardley Smith. Jodie Foster voiced the Howard Roark-inspired Maggie in the Season 20 episode "Four Great Women and a Manicure".


Marge Simpson

Marjorie "Marge" Simpson is a character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". The character is voiced by Julie Kavner. Marge is the wife of Homer Simpson and the mother of Bart, Lisa, and Maggie Simpson. She is famous for her very tall blue hair, that is shaped into a beehive. She also is proud to have never met anyone with taller hair outside Graceland. Marge was named after, and loosely based on, Margaret "Marge" Groening, Matt Groening's mother.

Marge made her first appearance in "The Tracey Ullman Show" Simpson Short, "Good Night".

Marge’s image is normally that of a stereotypical sitcom mother who is sometimes seen as an inexperienced person and easy to be fooled. Despite having higher morals than most other characters, Marge has had her fair share of wild escapades throughout the show’s history. She was once a police officer in Springfield, took treatment for road rage, was once sent to jail for shoplifting, sentenced to 90 days in the Springfield Women’s Prison, became a gambling fanatic, showed alcoholism, was an unwilling participant in a cross-country police chase, took steroids, cheated on a cooking competition and developed amnesia. She is also known for her persistent nagging and groaning. These are just some of the strange situations in which Marge has found herself. She also displays a surprisingly strong will. Marge is the only member of the family who normally tries to encourage the family to go to church. She also appears to have significant athletic ability in times of imminent danger. She can speak two languages fluently, one being English and the other in French.

Politically, Marge supports the Democratic Party. She once says that she voted for Jimmy Carter ("twice" according to Lisa), supported the candidacy of their state's governor Mary Bailey, and also stated to have been really depressed when Lyndon Johnson died.

Marge studied to be a painter. When she was a teenager she had a huge crush on Ringo Starr and painted a large number of portraits of him. She also wrote to him, but only received a reply 25 years later. His response inspired her to enter an art contest. Her portrait of a drunk Homer sleeping on the couch won the competition. She was then hired by Mr. Burns to do a portrait of him. The resulting portrait won even Mr. Burns’ praise, a massive feat in itself.

Marge also is a very skilled cook. She once started a pretzel business, which succeeded with the help of the Springfield Mafia. She has entered different cooking challenges, although situations such as cruel and ruthless competitors and overheated ovens made her to lose and even break or destroy the other competitors too. In general, she is shown as a very good cook. She is especially well known for her pork chops, Homer's favorite dish.

In some episodes Marge is shown being a fairly skilled photographer until she decided to choose Homer over photography.

As a teen, Marge had her hair long to at waist length which she always wore down, but got the idea to wear it in her trademark beehive for senior prom in the episode "The Way We Was". In the Shary Bobbins episode, her hair is shown close to her knees, meaning that a lot of hair would be needed to create her tall beehive. Marge has admitted that her hair is not really blue but is, in fact, gray. It was revealed by Homer in "Secrets of a Successful Marriage" that Marge dyes her hair with blue dye #56; ""She’s been gray as a mule since she was seventeen."" It is shown in the episode "Fear of Flying" that Marge's blue hair goes back to when she was a small child, so this color choice may ave been intended to match her original color. Because of her unusually large hairstyle, her height is reported to be 8'6", as noted by Apu in the episode "Marge in Chains". In "The Way We Weren't", her hair was blue before she met Homer and was dark at one time because of Marge ironing a piece of her hair for a long time. In "The Simpsons" Season Four DVD commentary, Matt Groening states that the original idea behind Marge's hair was to hide large rabbit ears. The gag was intended to be revealed in the final episode of the series, but was cancelled early on because of its irregularity.

Like most of the other Simpsons characters, Marge's age changes from time to time throughout the show's history. In first-season episodes "Life on the Fast Lane" and "Some Enchanted Evening", Marge is said to be 36 years old, but her age was later changed to 38, possibly because she and Homer attended their twentieth anniversary high school reunion in one episode. In the episode "Regarding Margie", Homer states that Marge is his age, meaning she and Homer are both 38. 

Pin

A pin is an object used to attach something to a surface. It is usually metal or plastic. Pins are usually sharp and are cheap to buy.


Dining room

A dining room is a room used for eating and is usually near the kitchen. This is to make serving food easier.

Usually a dining room will contain a table with a set of chairs, normally positioned at the sides and end of a table. People often only use their dining rooms now for formal occasions and eating in the kitchen has become more popular.

Crown

A crown is a type of headdress worn by a monarch. They are usually worn when they are crowned or at important occasions. Also, crowns are now used as a symbol of the monarchy. They are also won by beauty pageant winners. 

"Crown" is also a synonym for prize or reward. Crowns are awarded or won at contests. Beauty contests award crowns to the winning participant, for example. Couples chosen the King and Queen at a dance also receive crowns. 

A diadem is a type of crown, an ornamental headband worn by monarchs and others as a badge of royalty. 

Rudolf Hess

Rudolf Walter Richard Hess (Heß in German) (26 April 1894 – 17 August 1987) was a high ranking Nazi leader, and one of Adolf Hitler's closest men. He was the third man after Hermann Göring in the Third Reich from 1933 to 1941.

Rudolf Hess was born in Alexandria, Egypt, but moved back to Germany in 1908. He joined the army in World War I and was a soldier from 1914 until 1918. In 1920 he joined the Nazi Party and in 1922 he also became a member of the SA. He flew to Scotland during World War II in 1941 with the intention of putting an end to the war but was arrested. After the war he was tried at the Nuremberg Trials in 1946 and sentenced to life imprisonment from 1946-1987. He died in the Allied Military Prison, Spandau, Berlin in 1987. Since 1966 he had been the only prisoner. His death was caused by a strangulation using an electrical cord; officials recorded it as a suicide.

1510s

The 1510s was a decade that began on 1 January 1510 and ended on 31 December 1519.




Quantum entanglement

Quantum entanglement is the name given to a special connection between pairs or groups of quantum systems, or any objects described by quantum mechanics. Quantum entanglement is one of the biggest parts of quantum mechanics that makes it hard to understand in terms of the everyday world.

When we look at particles, we usually say that each particle has its own quantum state. Sometimes, two particles can act on one another and become an entangled system. When a pair or group of particles can only be described by the quantum state for the system, and not by individual quantum states, we say the particles are "entangled".


In simpler terms, "entangled" particles are those that are connected in such a way that their properties are linked and cannot be described independently. This is a strange phenomenon that is not fully understood, but it is an important idea in physics.

Entanglement between particles happens because little particles can push and pull on each other, just like big objects do in terms of gravity. If nothing else is acting on those particles, then there are certain things before and after the particles act on each other that have to stay the same. For example, the total momentum of both particles put together would be (roughly) the same before and after they act on each other.

Heisenberg's uncertainty principle tells us we can never know the momentum of a particle exactly, or even the total momentum of both particles put together. In fact, we can't ever know exactly what we will measure the momentum of a particle to be before we measure it, but we do know always that the total momentum of the two particles put together doesn't change when the particles act on each other. In order to be sure that the total momentum is the same before and after the particles act on one another, we need to describe a pair of particles as a single quantum system rather than a pair of quantum systems. If this were not true, the conservation law for momentum would be violated due to the quantum uncertainty of the momentum of each particle.

When particles interact with each other, certain things about their properties must stay the same, but we can't always know exactly what those properties are. To make sure that the rules of physics are followed, we have to describe the particles as a single system rather than two separate systems. This is related to the concept of quantum entanglement, which is a phenomenon in which the properties of two particles become linked in a way that cannot be explained by classical physics.

Even though each particle has a lot of information about the other, they do not send messages to each other. There are no messages between the particles saying, "I'm going down, therefore, you must go up" and waiting for the particle to receive the message. Yet, the particles are always connected and can behave as one.

Quantum entanglement is one of the concepts that led Albert Einstein to dislike the theory of quantum mechanics. With his co-workers, Boris Podolsky and Nathan Rosen, Einstein used entanglement to try to show weaknesses in quantum mechanics. Einstein called entanglement "spooky action at a distance". He said this because he did not believe that quantum particles could affect one another faster than the speed of light. He tried to show that this weird effect means that quantum mechanics gives an incomplete picture of what really goes on and that in the future it will be taken care of with extra "hidden" variables.

Erwin Schrödinger talked about entanglement and quantum superposition in the same article where he described Schrödinger's cat.

Years later, John Bell showed with his theorem that we can tell if this "spooky action at a distance" is real or not. After that, experiments using Bell's theorem proved that entanglement actually happens between tiny particles.

Scientists are trying to use quantum entanglement for many different things. Some things are sending completely secret messages (passing encrypted notes that can't be understood if intercepted), and making super computers faster than ever before thought possible. However, entanglement between a pair of particles is a very delicate thing and is easily destroyed. Because of this, it is difficult to use quantum entanglement to do these things. Many scientists are working on making stronger systems where entanglement is stronger and lasts longer to try to do these things more easily.

Although you can do some things to one particle to try to cause a change in its partner particle, you can't use this (by itself) to send information from one particle to another because it is only possible to control how likely the change will happen. The outcome of whatever measurement you make on a single particle is completely random, and so is the change that results in the partner particle. In other words, changing one particle may change its partner particle, but you cannot guarantee exactly which way you will influence them. Because scientists cannot control exactly what changes between entangled particles occur, it is not possible to use quantum entanglement alone to send messages. If you also send information about the state of the single particle classically , you can use the entanglement they share to teleport the quantum state of one particle to another particle.

Also, without sending information about the partner particle, there's no way to tell if a given particle is single or half of an entangled pair. With no outside information, a single particle is completely like any other. It's only when you can receive information about the other particle that you will be able to figure out if your particle is one part of an entangled pair. No one can use entanglement to send information faster than the speed of light because you would need another faster than light communicator to do it.

Amin Maalouf

Amin Maalouf (; ; born 25 February 1949) is a Lebanese author. He studied sociology at the French University in Beirut. He was the director of the Beirut daily newspaper "an-Nahar". But, he left the country 1975 at the start of the Lebanese Civil War. He moved to Paris and still lives there today.

Maalouf writes in French, and his works have been translated into many languages. He received the Prix Goncourt in 1993 for his book "Rock of Tanios".

He uses his experiences of civil war and migration in writing his novels. The characters in his novels are wanderers. They may not have just one home country, language, or religions.




Bulb

A bulb is the part of some plants, mostly under the dirt, that stores food while the plant is resting from growing (a "storage organ").

Some well-known bulbs people grow to use as food are onions and garlic. Some bulbs grown for the decorative flowers are the lily, tulip, and some irises.

Some plant storage organs that are similar to bulbs, but have different names are, tubers, corms (swollen stems), tuberous roots, and pseudobulbs.

1520s

The 1520s was a decade that started on 1 January 1520 and ended on 31 December 1529.




Wave

A wave is a kind of oscillation (disturbance) that travels through space and matter. Wave motions transfer energy from one place to another.

Waves play an important role in our daily life. This is because waves are a carrier of energy and information over large distances. Waves require some oscillating or vibrating source. Ocean surface waves were the first known waves. Later, other kinds were discovered.

In physics and technology, a wave (physics) carries energy that creates visible light, sound, and many other things. There are two categories of waves.

Mechanical waves 

Waves which require any medium for their propagation are called mechanical waves. 

One example of a mechanical wave is sound. 

Sound can travel through air, water, or solids, but it can't travel through a vacuum. It needs the medium to help it travel. 

Other examples include water waves, seismic waves, and waves traveling through a spring.

Waves which do not require any medium for their propagation are called electromagnetic waves.

For example:


Gluon

Gluons are what hold quarks together to make bigger particles. Gluons carry the strong force between other quarks, so it is considered a force carrying particle. Photons do the same thing, but for the electromagnetic force. Also, like photons, gluons are spin-1 particles, and when a particle has spin-1 it is considered a boson.

Gluons are hard to study because although they exist in nature all the time, they are so small and require so much energy to break them away from quarks (about 2 trillion degrees) that scientists have only been able to find more about them from particle colliders such as the Large Hadron Collider at CERN.

Humphry Davy

Sir Humphry Davy, 1st Baronet, FRS (Fellow of the Royal Society) (born 17 December 1778 in Penzance, Cornwall, England; died 29 May 1829 in Geneva City, Switzerland), was a Cornish chemist. His study of chemistry led to the first pure forms of some of the chemical elements such as water and sodium.

Myxobolus cerebralis

Myxobolus cerebralis is a small Myxozoan parasite that eats the insides of fish like salmon and trout, causing whirling disease. 

This is a problem in fish farming and also in natural fish populations. In the last 100 years, it has spread to most of Europe (including Russia), the United States, South Africa, and other countries. In the 1980s, people found out that "M. cerebralis" needs to live in a worm before it can live in a fish. It infects both the fish and the worm by poking a hole in them and putting part of itself in.

Whirling disease hurts young fish the most, and can hurt bones and nerves. Fish with the disease do not swim very well, and they "whirl" or spin instead of swimming straight. This makes it hard for the fish to get food and get away from danger. Dealing with "M. cerebralis" costs more money than most other parasites in its group (which are called "myxozoans"). People do not get sick with whirling disease, though; only fish do.

"M. cerebralis" has become well-established, particularly in North America. It has caused the decline of whole cohorts of fish.

"M. cerebralis" has many stages ranging from single cells to bigger spores. Scientists have not studied all the stages very well yet. 

"M. cerebralis" has many diverse stages ranging from single cells to relatively large spores, not all of which have been studied in detail.
The kind of "M. cerebralis" that can attack fish is called a "Triactinomyxon", and there is a picture of it on the right. There are three "tails" that are each about 200 micrometers long, and another piece that is about 150 micrometers (μm) long. That piece has 64 cells in it. There are also three harpoon-like weapons that can attack the fish. They shoot into the fish, making a hole that the 64 cells can go into. Those cells make more cells that go to the cartilage near the fish's brain.

The kind of "M. cerebralis" that comes out of fish is called a "Myxospore". They are sort of round and fat in the middle like a lentil or a convex lens. They are about 10 micrometers across and are made of six cells. Two are for the harpoon weapons, two are for protecting the Myxospore, and two are for going into a worm after the weapons make a hole. Myxospores from "M. cerebralis" look a lot like Myxospores from other species that are sometimes in fish skin, muscle, or brains, and so it's hard to tell them apart.


Aamir Khan

Aamir Khan (born March 14, 1965 in Mumbai) is a Bollywood actor. Khan first appeared in "Yaadon Ki Baaraat" (1973) as a child actor. His first big starring role was in "Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak" (1988). Khan was born to a Muslim family.

Another of his best-known adult roles was starring in "Lagaan: Once Upon a Time in India" (2001), which was nominated for an Oscar. Khan was credited as producer for the movie, with his first wife (1986-2002), Reena Datta, executive producer. Khan met his future second wife (2005-), Kiran Rao, on the set, where she was an assistant director.

Their first movie released in 2006 is "Rang De Basanti" after his divorce with Reena Dutta. He later married Kiran Rao.


Bahá'í Faith

The Bahá'í Faith is an Abrahamic religion started in the 1800s by an Iranian person called Bahá'u'lláh who was born in Tehran, Iran. Followers of this religion call themselves Bahá'ís. The name Bahá'u'lláh is Arabic for "The Glory of God". "Glory" is a word that means "importance", "power", and "beauty". Bahá'ís believe Bahá'u'lláh is a representation of God, or speaks for God, and he shows people God's importance, beauty, and brightness.
Bahá'ís are monotheists, which means that they believe in one God. They believe Bahá'u'lláh carried a message from God. Bahá'u'lláh said he was not the only person to carry a message from God, and he was not the last to carry a message from God. He taught that the people who started the other major religions also represented and carried messages from God, such as Jesus, Moses, Krishna, Abraham, Muhammad, the Buddha and others. He called these people "Manifestations of God." They believe the messages from the Manifestations of God get more and more difficult to understand. They say the ones that came earlier on had a more simple message than the ones that came later. Because God is greater than the whole universe, Bahá'u'lláh said that human beings cannot completely know God. He said that God wants people to know as much about him as they can. Bahá'u'lláh wrote God sends special people to manifest (show) himself to ordinary humans. Without the Manifestations of God we could not know God. Bahá'ís believe the God they pray to is the same God Abraham spoke to, Jesus talked about, and Krishna said in Gita. Since Bahá'u'lláh was born in a Muslim family, Bahá'ís are sometimes mistaken as Muslims. Bahá'u'lláh is considered the prophet/manifestation of the present day. Bahá'ís say that he is not the last prophet/manifestation of God. They think there will not be another prophet for 1,000 years after Baha'u'llah's death.

The Bahá'í Faith began on 1844 when a man called the Báb said he had a message from God. He said that it was his job to make sure that people were ready for the most important message from God who would be sent soon. This started a religion, followers of this religion were called Bábís. Many people became Bábís in the country of Iran, which was called Persia at the time, and this made the government of Persia and the Muslim priests angry. They arrested and killed the Bab and his followers. Even though this happened, people still followed this religion.

Before Bahá'u'lláh said he had a message from God, he was a member of the religion that was started by the Báb. He became very famous among the Bábís. When the Báb was killed, some Bábís got very angry and tried to kill the king of Persia, even though Bahá'u'lláh told them not to kill him. When the Babis were caught, the government put many Bábís in jail, including Bahá'u'lláh. While in jail at Tehran, Bahá'u'lláh said he saw an angel that he called the "maid of heaven". The angel told him that he had to teach a message from God to the people of the world. The angel said that God would rescue and protect him so that he could teach this message. Eventually, he was released from jail and the government of Persia made him move to Baghdad, which was then controlled by the king of the Ottoman Empire.

While Baha'u'llah was in Baghdad, he had many problems, but he also made many friends. The government of Persia was unhappy that he seemed to be doing well in Baghdad, and so they asked the Ottoman Empire to move him further away from Persia. When he was about to leave, in 1863, he held a festival for 12 days on a small island in the Tigris river, which he called Ridvan, which means paradise. There he told some of his closest friends and family that he was the promised one of all of the major religions, and that eventually the whole world would know his message.

Eventually the Ottoman Empire sent him to many different cities, including Constantinople, Adrianople, Alexandria, and eventually Akka. He was in different jails this whole time, and the city of Akka had a big wall around it, and it was one big jail. While he was in Baghdad, and after, he wrote many books and letters to answer questions that his friends and followers asked him. At one point he was poisoned, so that he could not write anymore because his hands shook so badly. After that, he had someone write down what he said. When he was even older, his oldest son, `Abdu'l-Bahá arranged to have him move into a house near Mount Carmel, and he stayed there until he finally died in 1892.

After he died, people followed `Abdu'l-Bahá. Bahá'u'lláh had written that `Abdu'l-Bahá had special powers, and that God would make sure that if `Abdu'l-Bahá explained anything that Bahá'u'lláh said, then the Bahá'ís should believe that explanation. `Abdu'l-Bahá also wrote a lot of letters and gave talks, and eventually visited Paris, London, Montreal, New York City, San Francisco and other cities in the west. This helped the Bahá'í Faith to spread in Europe and North America. He died in 1921. He left a will, where he told the Bahá'ís to follow his grandson, Shoghi Effendi.

Shoghi Effendi was born in 1900 and was only a young man when his grandfather died and he became the leader of the Bahá'ís. He helped make the different agencies and councils that run the Bahá'í Faith today, and organized the religion in many ways. He also wrote many books and letters to explain the teachings of his grandfather and great-grandfather. He lived until 1957 and died in England.

After Shoghi Effendi died, the Bahá'ís did not have leaders for six years, because Shoghi Effendi had not left a will. Shoghi Effendi did have helpers, who did not think they were allowed to lead the Bahá'ís, so they helped the Bahá'í Community follow the last plan that Shoghi Effendi left them, and at the end of that plan, in 1963, they organized an election to form the Universal House of Justice, which Bahá'u'lláh wrote about. The Universal House of Justice has led the Bahá'ís ever since.

Bahá'u'lláh wrote many books and letters, and `Abdu'l-Bahá (whose name means "Servant of Glory") also wrote many books and letters which Bahá'ís see as special. Finally, Bahá'u'lláh's great-grandson Shoghi Effendi wrote lots of books and letters which Bahá'ís use to better understand the writings of Bahá'u'lláh and `Abdu'l-Bahá. The most important of these books is the Aqdas.

Bahá'ís also believe that the Bible, the Qur'an, the Gita and other books from other religions are special.

Some important Bahá'í beliefs are:

There are eight or nine million Bahá'ís in the world, of all peoples and languages. The Bahá'í Faith looks different in different countries, because there are few rituals, so Bahá'ís can include their own culture in the way they celebrate Bahá'í events, say prayers, etc.

Bahá'ís meet every nineteen (19) days in a meeting called a "Feast". There does not have to be food, but there usually is. These meetings start with prayers and usually someone reads aloud some holy writings. Sometimes there is music and song, sometimes plays, sometimes just quiet time or meditation. After this time, which Bahá'ís call the "devotional" time in a feast, they have a community discussion. All sorts of topics can be discussed here that are important to the members. Bahá'ís say that this is a "consultative" time, where Bahá'ís can consult with each other. After this, there is a social time, where people can share food, drink (not alcohol), and sometimes here there is also music, or plays, or presentations, or other entertainment. This time is just so that the Bahá'ís in that city can get to know each other and become better friends.

Bahá'ís often do not have one place they get together, except in large cities. In smaller places they usually get together in each other's houses. Some larger cities have "Bahá'í Centers" which can be used for community meetings, classes, or for meetings of committees and other councils. (see Institutions below) 

In a very few cities in the world, there are Bahá'í temples. These temples are on each continent.

Bahá'ís are organized in a worldwide community. They do not have priests. Everyone is responsible for their own prayers. Bahá'ís are also responsible for reading their holy books for themselves and for learning about their religion. Baha'is elect leaders for their community, to help organize their activities, and to deal with problems between members, and to decide things that are not obvious from the scriptures. These are called Spiritual Assemblies, but will one day be called Houses of Justice. 

There is one House of Justice, which Bahá'ís call the Universal House of Justice, which leads the whole worldwide Bahá'í community. Bahá'ís elect this House of Justice every five years, but only once each year for National and Local Spiritual Assemblies.





Neoclassical economics

Neoclassical economics is an economic theory that argues for markets to be free. This means governments should generally not make rules about types of businesses, businesses' behaviour, who may make things, who may sell things, who may buy things, prices, quantities or types of things sold and bought. The theory argues that allowing individual actors (people or businesses) freedom creates better economic outcomes. These outcomes may be a higher average standard of living, higher wages, better average life-expectancies, and higher GDP. 

Markets are an abstract idea: assumed to be all the 'actors' (businesses or people) selling one thing, service or type of thing or service, and all the 'actors' buying it. 

Markets will 'reach equilibrium' if all the sellers who want to sell at or below a given price have sold to all the buyers who are willing to buy at or above a given price. the price is worked out in the market.

It may be easier to think about this in reverse: The market is not in equilibrium if people want to buy a haircut for ten (or more) dollars and someone is happy to sell the person a haircut for ten (or less) dollars, but for some reason this does not happen. 

Neoclassical economists say this will not happen. Neo-Keynesians say it might, so the government could make the customer and the person selling the haircut happier by helping the customer somehow.

Neo-Keynesian economy is an alternative to Neoclassical economy. The major point of difference between neoclassical economics and neo-Keynesian economics is about whether 'markets' 'reach equilibrium'. 

Nile

The Nile (النيل "an-nīl") is a river in Africa. It is the longest river on Earth (about 6,650 km or 4,132 miles), though other rivers carry more water. 

Its longest section starts in Lake Victoria, and flows into the Mediterranean Sea near Alexandria. It gets its name from the Greek word "Νεῖλος" ("Neil's"). 

This longest part is called the White Nile. It flows from Lake Victoria in Uganda, and through Sudan to Khartoum. There it is joined by the Blue Nile to form the Nile proper, which then flows through Egypt. The Blue Nile comes from Ethiopia near the Red Sea. The two branches meet near Khartoum, in the Sudan. About 300 million cubic metres of water flow down the Nile each day.

The Nile is essential to the drier countries in the north of Africa. On the Nile there are many boats: it is one of the easiest ways to get around. Historically, most cities in Egypt are built next to the river, and the pyramids are close to the Nile. The Nile has always provided most of the water used to grow crops in Egypt: much of the rest of the country is a desert. In ancient times the Nile flooded every year and the people would starve if there was not enough water for the crops. The Ancient Egyptians got papyrus from the Nile to write on. Papyrus is made from a plant which grows near the Nile.

Many different types of animals live in or near the waters of the Nile, including crocodiles, birds, fish and many others. Not only do animals depend on the Nile for survival, but also people who live there need it for everyday use like washing, as a water supply, keeping crops watered and other jobs.

Pyramids were built close to the Nile because they needed the granite stones from Aswan to be transported by barges down the Nile.

The word "Nile" comes from Greek "Neilos" (). Neilos came from the word "river valley". In the ancient Egyptian language, the Nile is called "Ḥ'pī" or "iteru", meaning "great river", represented by the hieroglyphs shown above (literally "itrw", and 'waters' determinative). In Coptic, the words "piaro" (Sahidic) or "phiaro" (Bohairic) meaning "the river" (lit. p(h).iar-o "the.canal-great") come from the same ancient name. 


Statue

A statue is a model of somebody or something, usually of a person or sometimes an animal. It is a sculpture. Several kinds of material can be used to make a statue, e.g. stone, bronze, clay, or wood. Statues are often at least life-size (the same size as the real person), but often they are much bigger, especially statues in the open air. Statues are often made to remember an important person (such as the statue of Alfred the Great), or to remember an event or an idea (such as the Statue of Liberty).

Usually there is some writing on a statue to say who the person is. This writing is called an epigraph. The statue may be standing on a base. This base is called a "plinth".

A bust is a statue of the head, shoulders and upper body of a person.

A colossus is an enormous statue.

A statue of someone on horseback (riding a horse) is called an equestrian statue.

Golden Retriever

Golden Retrievers are a very popular kind of dog. When the breed was first created, they were used for hunting. Now, they are sometimes used for hunting, but a lot of people like to have them as pets because they are very friendly. People also like them because their face looks like they are smiling all the time. Because they are so friendly, Golden Retrievers cannot be used as guard dogs, but they are good as drug dogs at airports and very good as service dogs for the blind (People who cannot see). They also like people, so when they are left alone for too long, they get very sad. Golden retrievers make very good pets because they are friendly and playful. 

Golden Retrievers are very good family dogs because they are extremely sweet and gentle with young children and do not bark very much. They are known for having a "soft mouth," and some have even been seen carrying raw eggs in their mouth without breaking them. Goldens are well known for their calm and easy-going temperament. They are great family dogs and provide good companionship. They are very smart and eager to please, which allows them to be easily trained. Golden Retrievers are very active dogs and need a lot of exercise. Goldens make wonderful pets, but they must exercise regularly to prevent weight gain and improve overall health. They require a great deal of grooming, as they shed hair daily. Goldens also enjoy the cool water.

Goldens are reliable, outgoing, intelligent, energetic, playful, and loving, especially when socialized well from a young age. This makes them popular family pets for many. Known for their trainability, loyalty, and easy-going nature, they make a great candidate for working dog roles, such as hunting workers, assistance dogs, guides for the blind, great swimmers, therapy dogs, search-and-rescue dogs, and even bomb detectors!

A good Golden Retriever has a strong body and a long coat that is mainly yellow or gold. Their fur even stops water because it has two special layers, one short and one long. They always have brown eyes and can show a lot of emotions with them. When they get old, their face turns white, but when they are young, they should not have any white on them. A normal male dog weighs 29-34 kilograms (65-75 pounds) and a normal female dog weighs 25-29 kilograms (55-65 pounds). From their front paws to their upper back, they are about 56-61 centimetres (22-24 inches) tall.

From light cream to almost red, goldens come in all shades of gold. In fact, identifying their color is one of the ways how Golden Retrievers can vary from each other. There are slight color variations between Goldens. Unlike Labradors that has three very distinct colors, Goldens tend to stay within a limited spectrum. There are generally three classifications of gold.

These include light golden (including cream-colored), golden, dark golden (but not red). This spectrum is strict, particularly for show dogs. If a Golden falls outside of this color range, it will not be registered with the American Kennel Club or it cannot compete.

As said earlier, Goldens are used a lot for people who cannot see, but they are also used for obedience trials and as assistant dogs for people who have seizures or cannot hear. They are very good at smelling things, so they are also good for hunting. The second part of their name, retriever, is very true because they love to fetch things for their people! Goldens love to catch tennis balls and frisbees. Goldens also enjoy the water.

There are two different kinds of Golden Retrievers: show dogs and field dogs. Show dogs have very long hair and a lighter color, but field dogs have a lot more differences. They have short hair and can have any shade of hair. Because they have shorter hair, it is easier to brush them because they do not get as many things caught in it.

Like a lot of purebred dogs, Goldens can have bad health. A big problem for Goldens is hip dysplasia, which makes the dog's bones hurt at its hips. Also, a lot of Goldens have skin allergies, so people have to be very careful to not wash the dog too much and make sure that it does not get fleas. It is also important to clean a Goldens ears regularly because their long ears do not give the ear canal a chance to breathe. Goldens also have problems with their eyes sometimes, but it's mostly when they get older.It is important when purchasing a new Golden Retriever puppy to review the medical history of their parents. Oftentimes "backyard breeders" have been known to over breed or breed dogs with health problems. A reputable breeder should be able to supply the most current health records for the dogs which they are breeding.

Golden Retrievers were developed by Lord Tweedmouth in Scotland. He took a yellow dog and another dog called a Tweed Water Spaniel, which is a dog that does not exist anymore. All Golden Retrievers are related to these two dogs. The breed was created to be stronger than other retrievers but more gentle with people so they could be trained very easily. Because of their popularity, the breed was shipped to America and Canada. There, they were evolved further, leading to cosmetic differences in the breed. Each country developed them to their liking.

In 1903, the breed was added to the list of the Kennel Club of England. The Golden Retriever became the most popular breed in the U.S. In 1925, Golden Retrievers were first registered by the American Kennel Club and in 1927, they were recognised by the Canadian Kennel Club. A little later, the Golden Retriever Club of America was founded in 1938.

Golden Retriever called 'Liberty' belonged to United States President Gerald R. Ford. This breed was in many films and TV series, including: Air Bud and Air Bud: Golden Receiver, Full House, Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey and Homeward Bound II: Lost in San Francisco,Fluke, Napoleon, Up, Pushing Daisies, and The Drew Carey Show. A dog called Cash from The Fox and the Hound 2 was a mix of Golden Retriever and other breed.



Idea

When a person thinks of something, that which they think about is called an "idea". Ideas are concepts which exist in the mind. Nobody really knows how this works. Ideas are a mental product.

One idea can change the whole world. If someone has a better idea, they can try to convince others.


Connection

A connection is when two things are put together. This can either be a 'real' connection, like a chain linking two objects, or you can use the word in a figurative way. You might talk about a train connection between two cities, and mean the trains running between them.

Nobuo Uematsu

Nobuo Uematsu (植松 伸夫; Uematsu Nobuo, born March 21, 1959) is a Japanese video game music composer. He composed music for each role-playing games for Square Enix, including "Final Fantasy" and "Chrono Trigger".


Dharma

Dharma (or dhamma) is part of many religions or spiritual beliefs that began in South Asia. Hinduism, Buddhism, Ayyavazhi, Jainism, and Sikhism believe in that idea. It means "the law" of spiritual growth of believers.

In Buddhism, the word "Dharma" also means the very old teachings of the Buddha. For example, The Four Noble Truths.

In Hinduism, dharma is the spiritual law for human beings. It is the way of goodness, truth and duty. For example, a child's dharma is to be a good student. Parents’ dharma is to raise and support their family. A teacher’s dharma is to teach, and the dharma of the police is to protect others. Each age brings new responsibilities, so dharma will change over your lifetime. It is everyone’s dharma to be honest, kind and religious, to do no harm to others and to be a good citizen. Hindus believe that following dharma fulfills the highest purpose on earth. When people follow dharma, they feel good about themselves.

Columbus

Columbus usually refers to:

It might also mean:

Nucleus

Nucleus (plural: nuclei) means the center of something. It might mean:


Walter Sisulu

Walter Max Ulyate Sisulu (18 May 1912 – 5 May 2003) was a South African activist and politician. He fought against apartheid. Sisulu was the Secretary-General of the African National Congress from 1949 to 1954. Over the next 10 years he was put in prison seven times. 

He was one of many people, including Nelson Mandela to be found guilty of treason during trials between 1956 and 1961. He was sent to prison for 6 years because of this. While free on bail, he went into hiding. He was found in 1963 and put on trial again. In 1964, he as sent to prison for the rest of his life. He was released from prison in 1989. 

In 1991, he became the Deputy-President of the African National Congress. He held the position from July 1991 to 1994. Sisulu died from Parkinson's disease on 5 May 2003, aged 90.


List of U.S. state capitals

This is a list of United States state capital cities. Each has a capital building that acts as the center of government for its state. The capital city with the fewest people is Montpelier, Vermont, while the capital city with the most people is Phoenix, Arizona.
The dates listed in the following table indicate the years it has continuously served as the state's sole capital. Most states have changed their capital city at least once. In the case of the thirteen bottom states, "statehood" in the table refers to its date of ratification of the United States Constitution. 

Juneau, Alaska

The City and Borough of Juneau is the capital city of Alaska. It has been the capital of Alaska since 1906. It is one of 2 capital cities that cannot be reached by road, the other being Honolulu, Hawaii. 

The government of the then-District of Alaska was moved from Sitka by the decision of the U.S. Congress. The municipality unified in 1970 when the city of Juneau merged with the city of Douglas and the surrounding Greater Juneau Borough to form the current home rule municipality.

The area of Juneau is larger than that of Rhode Island and Delaware individually and almost as large as the two states combined. Downtown Juneau is at the base of Mount Juneau and across the channel from Douglas Island. As of the 2020 census, the City and Borough had a population of 32,255.

Juneau is named after gold prospector Joe Juneau, though the place was for a time called Rockwell and then Harrisburg (after Juneau's co-prospector, Richard Harris). 

The Tlingit name of the town is Dzántik'i Héeni (""river where the flounders gather""), and Auke Bay just north of Juneau proper is called "Aak'w" (""little lake"") in Tlingit. The Taku River, just south of Juneau, was named after the cold "t'aakh" wind, which occasionally blows down from the mountains.

Downtown Juneau sits at sea level, with tides averaging , below steep mountains about to high. Atop these mountains is the Juneau Icefield, a large ice mass from which about 30 glaciers flow; two of these, the Mendenhall Glacier and the Lemon Creek Glacier, are visible from the local road system; the Mendenhall glacier has been generally retreating; its front face is declining both in width and height.

The Alaska State Capitol in downtown Juneau was originally built as the Federal and Territorial Building in 1931. Prior to statehood, it housed federal government offices, the federal courthouse and a post office. It also housed the territorial legislature and many other territorial offices, including that of the governor. Today, it is still the home of the state legislature and the offices of the governor and lieutenant governor. Other executive branch offices have largely moved elsewhere, in Juneau or elsewhere in the state, in the ongoing battle between branches for space in the building, as well as the decades-long capital move issue. Recent discussion has been focused between relocating the seat of state government outside of Juneau and building a new capitol building in Juneau. Neither position has advanced very far. The Alaska Committee, a local community advocacy group, has led efforts to thus far keep the capital in Juneau.


Phoenix, Arizona

Phoenix is the capital and the largest city in the U.S. state of Arizona. The city is the county seat of Maricopa County. It is the largest capital city in the United States and the only capital with over more than million people. The city is along the normally dry Salt River. It became a city on February 25, 1881. People who live in Phoenix are known as Phoenicians.

Phoenix had 1,608,139 people in 2020. It is the fifth-largest city in the United States in the 2020 census. Phoenix is a very spread-out city. It has an area of 515 square miles. This makes it the 10th largest city by area. As of 2020, the Phoenix Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) was the 11th-largest in the United States, with an estimated 4,845,832 people.

As early as 700 AD, the Hohokam people lived in the land that would become Phoenix. The Hohokam created about 135 miles (217 km) of irrigation canals. This let them grow things on the land.

It is believed that between AD 1300 and AD 1450 drought and floods caused the Hohokam to no longer live in the area. Spanish and Mexican explorers knew of the area but they did not go as far north as the Salt River Valley.

In 1867, Jack Swilling of Wickenburg, Arizona came to the area. He saw that the land was good for farming. The only problems he saw were a lack of rain and good irrigation. Swilling corrected the problem by having a series of canals built. A small community was created about four miles (6 km) east of the where the city is today.

The farming community was named Swilling's Mill. The name was later changed to Helling Mill, Mill City, and East Phoenix. Swilling was a Confederate soldier during the Civil War. He wanted to name the city "Stonewall," after Gen. Stonewall Jackson. Other people had other ideas for names. Finally, Lord Darrell Duppa suggested the name "Phoenix". The name is the same as the mythological fire bird which is born again from its own ash after it dies. It was a good name for a city born from a former civilization.

On February 25 1881, Phoenix became an incorporated city. At that time it had about 2,500 people. Phoenix held its first city election on May 3 1881. Judge John T. Alsap defeated James D. Monihon, 127 to 107, to become the city's first mayor. In early 1888, the city offices were moved into the new City Hall.

The coming of the railroad in the 1880s was the first of several important events changed the economy of Phoenix. Phoenix became a trade center. In response, the Phoenix Chamber of Commerce was created on November 4 1888.

Phoenix is at 33°26'54" North, 112°4'26" West (33.448457°, -112.073844°) in the Salt River Valley, or "Valley of the Sun", in central Arizona. It is at a mean elevation of 1,117 feet (340 m), in the northern reaches of the Sonoran Desert.

Other than the mountains in and around the city, the topography of Phoenix is mostly flat. This allows the city's main streets to run on a precise grid with wide, open-spaced roadways.

The Salt River runs westward through the city of Phoenix. The riverbed is often dry or just a trickle due to large irrigation usage. The river is full after infrequent rainstorms or when more water is released from upstream dams. The city of Tempe has built two inflatable dams in the Salt River bed to create a year-round recreational lake, called Tempe Town Lake. The dams are deflated to allow the river to flow unimpeded during releases. Lake Pleasant Regional Park is in Northwest Phoenix in the suburb of Peoria, Arizona.

As with most of Arizona, Phoenix does not observe daylight saving time. In 1973, Gov. Jack Williams argued to Congress that energy use would increase in the evening. Refrigeration units were not used as often in the morning on standard time. He went on to say that energy use would rise "because there would be more lights on in the early morning." He was also concerned about children going to school in the dark, which indeed they were. Navajo Nation lands in Northeastern Arizona observe daylight saving time in conjunction with the rest of their tribal lands in other states.

Phoenix has an arid climate, with very hot summers and temperate winters. The average summer high temperature is among the hottest of any populated area in the United States and approaches those of cities such as Riyadh and Baghdad. The temperature reaches or exceeds 100°F (38°C) on an average of 110 days during the year, including most days from late May through early September, and highs top 110 °F (43 °C) an average of 21 days during the year. On June 26, 1990, the temperature reached an all-time recorded high of 122 °F (50 °C).

On average, Phoenix has only 2 days per year where the temperature drops to or below freezing. Frequently, outlying areas of Phoenix see frost, but the airport does not. The earliest frost on record occurred on November 3, 1946, and the latest occurred on April 4, 1945. The all-time lowest recorded temperature in Phoenix was 16 °F (-8.8 °C) on January 7, 1913.

Since 1986, the city of Phoenix has been divided into urban villages, many of which are based upon historically significant neighborhoods and communities. Each village has a planning committee. This committee is appointed directly by the city council. According to the village planning handbook issued by the city, the purpose of the village planning committees is to work with the city's planning commission to ensure a balance of housing and employment in each village. The committees also concentrate on development at identified village cores, and to promote the unique character and identity of the villages.

There are 15 urban villages in the city at this time: Ahwatukee Foothills, Alhambra, Camelback East, Central City, Deer Valley, Desert View, Encanto, Estrella, Laveen, Maryvale, North Gateway, North Mountain, Paradise Valley (not to be confused with the town of Paradise Valley), South Mountain and Rio Vista. Rio Vista was created as New Village in 2004 and is currently very sparsely populated, with no large amount of development expected in the near future.

Commonly referred-to Phoenix regions and districts include Downtown, Midtown, West Phoenix, North Phoenix, South Phoenix, Biltmore Area, Arcadia, Sunnyslope, Ahwatukee.

The early economy of Phoenix was mostly agricultural. It was mostly dependent on cotton and citrus farming. In the last twenty years, the economy has changed as quickly as the number of people has grown. As the state capital of Arizona, many residents in the area are employed by the government. Arizona State University is there. Many high-tech and telecommunications companies have also recently moved to the area. Due to the warm climate in winter, Phoenix benefits greatly from seasonal tourism and recreation, and the golf industry.

Phoenix is currently home to several Fortune 1000 companies. Companies in Phoenix include waste management company Allied Waste, electronics corporation Avnet, Apollo Group (which operates the University of Phoenix), mining company Freeport-McMoRan (recently merged with Phoenix-based Phelps Dodge), retailer PetSmart, development company Tempo Creative, energy supplier Pinnacle West and retailer CSK Auto. Honeywell's Aerospace division is headquartered in Phoenix, and the valley hosts many of their avionics and mechanical facilities. Intel has one of their largest sites here, employing about 10,000 employees and 3 chip manufacturing fabs, including the $3 billion state-of-the-art 300 mm and 45 nm Fab 32. American Express hosts their financial transactions, customer information, and their entire website in Phoenix. The city is also home to the headquarters of U-HAUL International, a rental company and moving supply store, as well Best Western, a hotel chain. Mesa Air Group, a regional airline group, is headquartered in Phoenix.

The military has a significant presence in Phoenix with Luke Air Force Base in the western suburbs. At its height, in the 1940s, the Phoenix area had three military bases: Luke Field (still in use), Falcon Field, and Williams Air Force Base (now Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport), with many other air fields throughout the region.

As the capital of Arizona, Phoenix houses the state legislature. In 1913, the commission form of government was adopted. The city of Phoenix is served by a city council. The city council is made up of a mayor and eight city council members. The mayor is elected in a citywide vote to a four-year term. Phoenix City Council members are elected to four-year terms by voters in each of the eight districts.

The current mayor of Phoenix is Phil Gordon, who was elected to a four-year term in 2003. He was again re-elected to another four-year term in 2007. The mayor and city council members have equal voting power to govern the city.

Phoenix operates under a council-manager form of government, with a strong city manager. The city manage supervises all city departments and executing policies adopted by the council.

The United States Postal Service operates post offices throughout Phoenix. The main Phoenix Post Office is at 4949 East Van Buren Street.

As of February 9, 2009, Phoenix offers a domestic partnership registry open to opposite- and same-sex couples with no resident requirements for registrants.

By the 1970s there was rising crime and a decline in business within the downtown core. The city's crime rates in many categories have improved since that time, but still are higher than state and national averages. The crime rate in Phoenix has gone down through the years. However, recent kidnappings and human trafficking due to the Mexican drug trade have brought negative attention to the city.

Car theft has been a problem in Phoenix. In 2001, Phoenix was number one for theft rate with 35,161 total thefts, giving a rate of 1,081.25 per 100,000. However, in 2003, Phoenix dropped to second for with 1,253.71 per 100,000, although it was first for total car thefts with 40,769.


Little Rock, Arkansas

Little Rock is the capital city and largest city of the U.S. state of Arkansas. Billy Joel mentions it in "We Didn't Start the Fire".

Hartford, Connecticut

Hartford is the capital city of the U.S. state of Connecticut. It is on the Connecticut River and only 24 miles from Springfield, Massachusetts. The city of Hartford had 121,054 people as of 2020. This is the third most people in the state behind Bridgeport and New Haven. It is an important center of Insurance. Airline service is provided from Bradley International Airport.

Hartford has an American Hockey League team called the Hartford Wolf Pack, a rugby team called the Hartford Wanderers and a United Football League team called the Hartford Colonials. From 1979 to 1997 Hartford had a National Hockey League team called the Hartford Whalers.

The first Europeans known to have explored the area were the Dutch. They were led by Adriaen Block. They sailed up the Connecticut River in 1614. Dutch fur traders from New Amsterdam came back in 1623. They wanted to build a trading post and fortify the area for the Dutch West India Company. The first place was on the south bank of the Park River. This would have been in the present-day Sheldon/Charter Oak neighborhood. This fort was called Fort Hoop or the "House of Hope." In 1633, Jacob Van Curler bought the land around Fort Hoop from the Pequot chief. He paid only a small price. A few families and a few dozen soldiers lived there at that time. Everyone left the fort by 1654. The area is known today as Dutch Point; the name of the Dutch fort "House of Hope" is reflected in the name of Huyshope Avenue.

The English started to come in 1636. They settled upstream from Fort Hoop near the present-day Downtown and Sheldon/Charter Oak neighborhoods.
Throughout the 19th century, Hartford's number of people, economic productivity, cultural influence, and political power continued to grow. The Industrial Revolution in Hartford in the mid-1800s made it one of the wealthiest per capita in United States.

On December 15, 1814, people from the five New England states (Maine was still part of Massachusetts at that time) came together at the Hartford Convention. Unhappy about the War of 1812, they discussed New England possibly breaking away from the United States.

During the early 19th century, the Hartford area was an important place for abolitionist activity. The most famous abolitionist family was the Beechers. The Reverend Lyman Beecher was an important Congregational minister known for his anti-slavery sermons. His daughter, Harriet Beecher Stowe, wrote "Uncle Tom's Cabin"; her brother Henry Ward Beecher was a well-known clergyman who strongly hated slavery. He also supported the temperance movement and women's suffrage. The Stowes' sister Isabella Beecher Hooker was a leading member of the women's rights movement.

On the week of April 12, 1909, the Connecticut River reached a record high flood stage of 24.5 feet (7.47 meters) above the low water mark. This flooded Hartford. It did a lot of damage.

On July 6, 1944, one of the worst fire disasters in the history of the United States happened in Hartford. It happened at a performance of the Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Circus. It became known as the Hartford Circus Fire.

After World War II, many people from Puerto Rico moved to Hartford.

Riverfront Plaza was opened in 1999. This connected the riverfront and the downtown area for the first time since the 1960s.

In July 2017, Hartford thought about filing Chapter 9 bankruptcy. However, a state bailout later that year stopped the city from filing the form.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and (3.67%) is water.

Hartford is in the humid continental climate zone (Köppen "Dfa"). This means it has hot, humid summers and cold winters.

The census of 2010 says that there were 124,775 people, 44,986 households, and 27,171 families living in the Hartford.

The people were 29.8% white, 38.7% African American or black, 0.6% Native American, 2.8% Asian, 0% Pacific Islander, 23.9% from other races, and 4.2% from two or more races. 43.4% of the people were Hispanic or Latino, mostly from Puerto Rico. This amount is up from 32% in 1990. Whites not of Latino background made up 15.8% of the people in 2010, down from 63.9% in 1970.

There were 44,986 households. Of that, 34.4% of them had children under the age of 18 living with them, 25.2% were married couples living together, 29.6% had a woman with no husband, and 39.6% were not families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals. 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58. The average family size was 3.33.

30.1% of the people younger than 18, 12.6% were 18 to 24 years old, 29.8% were 25 to 44 years old, 18.0% were 45 to 64 years old, and 9.5% were 65 years old or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 women, there were 91.4 men. For every 100 women aged 18 and over, there were 86.0 men.

The median income for a household in Hartford was $20,820. The median income for a family was $22,051. Men had a median income of $28,444. Women had a median income of $26,131. The per capita income for the city was $13,428.

Hartford has a strong mayor-council government. In 2003, Hartford voted to have a mayor-council system. They had a council-manager form for more than 50 years. Mayor Eddie Perez was first elected in 2001. He was re-elected with 76% of the vote in 2003. He was the first strong mayor elected under the new government system. He is credited with lowering crime, reforming the school system, and helping the economy in the city. However, his reputation was hurt by accusations of corruption. The current mayor is Luke Bronin.

Connecticut cities provide almost all local services such as fire and rescue, education, and snow removal. This is because county government no longer exists in Connecticut since 1960.

In 2008, Hartford passed a law that gives services to all residents no matter what their immigration was. That law also stops police from arresting people only because of their immigration status. It also stops police from asking about a person's immigration status. In 2016, Hartford said it was a "Sanctuary city", although the term itself does not have an legal meaning.

The Hartford Fire Department provides all fire protection in Hartford. They have 12 fire stations in the Hartford. It is the fifth-biggest fire department in Connecticut. They also have a fire apparatus fleet.

The Hartford Police Department was created in 1860. Although, law enforcement in Hartford started in 1636. It is at 253 High Street.It includes divisions such as animal control, bomb squad, and detective bureau.

Hartford uses private companies to provide ambulances, including Aetna Ambulance.

Hartford is an important place for medical care, research, and education. In Hartford itself, the city has Hartford Hospital, The Institute of Living, Connecticut Children's Medical Center, and Saint Francis Hospital & Medical Center (which merged in 1990 with Mount Sinai Hospital).

In March 2018, Infosys said they would open a new technology innovation hub in Hartford. This would create up to 1,000 jobs by 2022. The Hartford technology innovation hub will focus on three key things- insurance, healthcare and manufacturing.

Local unemployment is high in Hartford compared to other cities, the state, and the nation. Hartford's unemployment rate of 7.5% in the fall of 2018 was the highest of the four biggest cities in Connecticut. As a whole, Connecticut's unemployment rate remains above 5% while the National rate hovers just under 4%.

The daily "Hartford Courant" newspaper is the United States's oldest continuously published newspaper. It was created in 1764. A weekly newspaper called the "Hartford Advocate" also serves Hartford and the surrounding area. Other newspapers include the "Hartford Business Journal" ("Greater Hartford's Business Weekly") and the weekly "Hartford News".

The Hartford region also has some magazines. They include the "Hartford Magazine", a monthly lifestyle magazine serving Greater Hartford; "CT Cottages & Gardens"; "Connecticut Business", a monthly magazine serving all of Connecticut; and "Home Living CT", a home and garden magazine published five times per year.

The Hartford/New Haven television market is the 29th biggest media market in the U.S.

Hartford has many famous institutions such as Trinity College.

Hartford Public Schools runs the public school system. Hartford Public High School, the nation's second-oldest high school, is in the Asylum Hill neighborhood of Hartford.

The Connecticut Department of Education says that Hartford's high school graduation rate reached 71 percent in 2013.

I-84 and I-91 intersect in downtown Hartford.

Amtrak provides service from Hartford to Vermont via Springfield and southward to New Haven. The station also has many bus companies.

Bradley International Airport (BDL) is in Windsor Locks, Connecticut. It has more than 150 flights every day. Those flights go to over 30 different places on 9 airlines. Connecticut Transit provides bus service between Bradley International Airport and downtown Hartford. Other airports serving the Hartford area include:

Connecticut Transit (CTtransit) is owned by the Connecticut Department of Transportation. The Hartford Division of CTtransit runs the local bus service in the city and the surrounding area. Hartford's Downtown Area Shuttle (DASH) bus route is a free downtown circulator. All city buses have bike racks.

There are bicycle lanes on many roads including Capitol Avenue, Zion Street, Scarborough Lane, Whitney, and South Whitney.

The first American cookbook was "American Cookery, The Art of Dressing Viands, Fish, Poultry, and Vegetables" by Amelia Simons, was published in Hartford by Hudson & Goodwin in 1796. It was also the first cookbook to have recipes for squash and cornmeal. It also had the first published recipe for pumpkin pie. It influenced a generation of American baking with a recipe for leavening bread with pearl ash. The full text of the book is available online.

Hartford got praise from "Food and Wine" as "a foodie destination".

Hartford has many seasonal farmers' markets. The Hartford Regional Market is the biggest market between New York City and Boston.

The Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League plays ice hockey at the XL Center in downtown Hartford.

As of 2019, Hartford has a USL team. They play in the 9,600 seat Dillon Stadium.

Hartford has had historically important people, such as dictionary author Noah Webster (1758–1843), inventor Sam Colt (1814–62), and American financier and industrialist J.P. Morgan (1837–1913).

Some of America's most famous authors lived in Hartford, including Mark Twain (1835–1910). He moved to Hartford in 1874. Twain's next-door neighbor at Nook Farm was Harriet Beecher Stowe (1811–96). Poet Wallace Stevens (1879–1955) was an insurance executive in Hartford. World War II correspondent Lyn Crost (1915–97) lived in Hartford.

Hartford has many sister cities. They include:


Dover, Delaware

Dover is the capital city of the U.S. state of Delaware. It is the county seat of Kent County, which is in the middle of the state. Dover had 39,403 people in 2020.
William Penn founded Dover as the court town for newly established Kent County in 1683. Penn was the proprietor of the territory generally known as the "Lower Counties on the Delaware." In 1717, a special commission of the Delaware General Assembly laid out the city. The capital of the state of Delaware was moved here from Newcastle in 1777 because of its central location and relative safety from British raiders on the Delaware River. Because of an act passed in October 1779, the assembly elected to meet at any place in the state they saw fit, meeting successively in Wilmington, Lewes, Dover, Newcastle, and Lewes again, until the capital moved to Dover permanently in October 1781. The city's central square, known as The Green, was the location of many rallies, troop reviews, and other patriotic events. Today, The Green remains the heart of Dover's historic district and is the location of the Delaware Supreme Court and the Kent County Courthouse.

Dover was most famously the home of Caesar Rodney, the popular wartime leader of Delaware during the American Revolution.

Dover and Kent County were deeply divided over the issue of slavery, and the city was a "stop" on the Underground Railroad. It was also home to a large Quaker community that encouraged a sustained emancipation effort in the early nineteenth century. There were very few slaves in the area, but a majority of people wanted to keep slavery legal until the Civil War.

The main north–south highway through Dover is U.S. Route 13, which runs through the main commercial strip of Dover on the multi-lane, divided Dupont Highway. An alternate route of U.S. Route 13, U.S. Route 13 Alternate, passes through downtown Dover on Governors Avenue. The Delaware Route 1 turnpike, which provides the main route to Wilmington and the Delaware beaches, passes to the east of Dover. It ends near the Dover Air Force Base and DE 1 continues south on Bay Road. U.S. Route 113 formerly ran along Bay Road from Milford to US 13 near the State Capitol Complex, however it was decommissioned in 2004 to avoid the concurrency with DE 1 between the Dover Air Force Base and Milford. Delaware Route 8 is the main east–west route through Dover, passing through downtown on Division Street and West Dover on Forrest Avenue. It continues west toward Maryland to provide access to the Chesapeake Bay Bridge. Dover is one of only four state capitals not served by an interstate highway.

Dover Air Force Base is inside the southeast corporate limits of Dover, however the closest sizable civilian airport to Dover is the New Castle Airport in New Castle. The closest airports with commercial air service to Dover include the Wicomico Regional Airport in Salisbury, Maryland, the Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport in Baltimore, Maryland, and the Philadelphia International Airport in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Dover is on a former Pennsylvania Railroad line, which is now served by Norfolk Southern. At one time Dover had a daily Amtrak passenger service; however, the line now is just used for local freight. The closest passenger rail station is the Amtrak station in Wilmington.

DART First State provides weekday local bus service throughout Dover, speading from the Water Street Transfer Center in downtown. They also provide inter-county service to Wilmington and Georgetown and seasonal service to Rehoboth Beach.

Greyhound Lines are provided as inter-city bus transportation.

Dover has Delaware State University, a land-grant university and Delaware's only historically black university, and Wesley College. It is also home to the Terry Campus of the Delaware Technical & Community College and that college's administrative offices. Dover also has satellite locations of the University of Delaware and Wilmington University.

Three public high schools serve Dover residents. Caesar Rodney High School, in the Caesar Rodney School District (just outside the city in Camden); Dover High School, in the Capital School District; and Polytech High School, in the Polytech School District (in Woodside).

The Dover Air Force Base Middle School is on the grounds of the Dover Air Force Base. This school is unusual in that it is run by the Caesar Rodney School District and not the Department of Defense.

Boise, Idaho

Boise is the capital and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Idaho. It is also the county seat of Ada County.

The Anne Frank Human Rights Memorial is in Boise. It is the only human rights memorial in the US.

Although different people believe different stories about the origin of the name, it is generally accepted that the name "Boise" originates from the French word "boisée" which means "wooded".

Springfield, Illinois

Springfield is the capital city of the U.S. state of Illinois. It is the county seat and largest city of Sangamon County, Illinois. It is close to the center of the state. In the 2020 census, Springfield had more than 110,000 people living in it.

The state Capitol, in the middle of Springfield, is where the General Assembly (the state's legislature) meets and where the governor's office is. The Capitol is a big building with a dome that can be seen from many miles away. Springfield also has an old capitol, which is now a historic site.

Springfield was the home of Abraham Lincoln before he was elected president in 1860. Lincoln was a lawyer and practiced law many places in Illinois. His office is near the old capitol. When he died, his body was brought back to Springfield. His home, his law office, his tomb are all open to the public. Springfield also has a new building with a museum and library dedicated to him and his presidency.

Springfield has two Interstate highways: I-55 and I-72. I-55 runs from Chicago to Springfield and then through St. Louis, Missouri. Springfield also has many smaller roads to other cities.




Indianapolis

Indianapolis ( ), commonly called Indy, is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Indiana. It is also the seat of Marion County and is combined with the county as a part of Unigov. The U.S. Census Bureau said that the population of Indianapolis together with Marion County was 977,203 in 2020. The "balance" population was 887,642. This measurement leaves out some cities that are slightly autonomous from Unigov. It is the 16th-most populous city in the U.S., the third-most populous city in the Midwest after Chicago and Columbus, Ohio, and the fourth-most populous state capital after Phoenix, Arizona, Austin, Texas, and Columbus. The Indianapolis metropolitan area is the 33rd-most populous metropolitan statistical area in the U.S., with 2,111,040 residents. Its combined statistical area ranks 28th, with a population of 2,431,361. Indianapolis has an area of . This makes it the 18th largest city by land area in the U.S.

Indigenous peoples lived in the area as early as 10,000 BC. In 1818, the Lenape gave their territory to the U.S. in the Treaty of St. Mary's. In 1821, Indianapolis was made as a planned city to be the new capital of Indiana. The old capital was Corydon. The city was platted by Alexander Ralston and Elias Pym Fordham on a grid next to the White River. The finishing of the National and Michigan roads and the start of railroad building made the city an important transport hub. Two of the nicknames for Indianapolis (the "Crossroads of America" and "Railroad City") matches the city's history with transportation. In 1970, Indianapolis and Marion County were combined. This system is called Unigov. The city is led by an elected 25-member city-county council led by the mayor.

Indianapolis has the 30th-largest city economy in the U.S. It is based on the industries of trade, transportation, utilities, business services, education, health, government, leisure, and manufacturing. The city has big amateur sports and auto racing markets. The city is home to three "Fortune" 500 companies, two major league sports teams, the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League and the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association, five university campuses, and many museums. Indianapolis has the world's largest children's museum. The city is maybe best known for hosting the world's largest single-day sporting event, the Indianapolis 500. The city has many historic sites and districts. Indianapolis has the most monuments about veterans and war casualties in the U.S. outside of Washington, D.C.

Des Moines, Iowa

Des Moines is a city in Iowa. It is the capital city of Iowa. The city had a population of 214,133 in the 2020 United States Census. It is the home of the Des Moines Art Center, a regional art museum, and the Pappajohn Sculpture Park, an outdoor sculpture garden.

Topeka, Kansas

Topeka () is the capital city of the U.S. state of Kansas. Topeka is the county seat of Shawnee County, and it is in the northeast part of the state. In 2020, 126,587 people lived there.

Topeka was established in 1854 when nine white men founded the Topeka Town Association. At an election in November 1861, the people of Kansas chose Topeka as the permanent capital of the state.

The name "Topeka" is made up of three words from the Kaw, Omaha, and Iowa Native American tribes. The first, "to", means "potato". The second, "pe" (short for "pekae") is an adjective meaning "good". The third, "okae", means "to dig". Thus, the name "Topeka" means "a good place to dig potatoes". The name was chosen because "[i]t was a novel name of Indian origin, euphonious [pleasing] of sound and simple".

Charles Sheldon and Charles Fox Parham, both important people in the history of American Christianity, were preachers in Topeka. Many historians believe that the modern Pentecostalism movement started in Monroe's church in 1901. Sheldon was a preacher in Topeka around the same time, who is famous for coming up with the phrase "What would Jesus do?"

"Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka" was a lawsuit that went before the United States Supreme Court in 1954. Several families sued the public school board in Topeka for the right for black students to go to the same schools as white students. The Supreme Court decided that school districts could not make students go to different schools because of their race. Today, the government has a museum in Topeka about "Brown v. Board of Education" and civil rights for African-Americans.

Topeka is at , in north east Kansas. It is at the intersection of I-70 and U.S. Highway 75. It is the start of I-335 which is a part of the Kansas Turnpike running from Topeka to Emporia, Kansas. Topeka is also on U.S. Highway 24 (about 50 miles east of Manhattan, Kansas) and U.S. Highway 40 (about 30 miles west of Lawrence, Kansas). U.S.-40 is coincident with I-70 west from Topeka. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

In 2007 Forbes Magazine saidd Topeka as one of the leading U.S. cities in terms of having the biggest changes in temperature, precipitation, and wind.
Topeka has a humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification "Dfa"). It has hot, somewhat humid summers and cool to cold, fairly dry winters. It is in USDA Plant Hardiness Zone 6. Over the course of a year, the monthly daily average temperature ranges from in January to in July. The high temperature reaches on average of 41.5 afternoons per year. The high reaches an average of 3.5 afternoons per year. The low temperature falls below on average of four mornings per year, and there are 21 afternoons per year that stay below freezing. The general time of year for freezing temperatures is October 15 through April 17.

The area gets about of precipitation during an average year. The most being received in May and June—the April through June period averages 33 days of measurable precipitation. Generally, the spring and summer months have the most rainfall. Autumn and winter are fairly dry. During a typical year the total amount of precipitation may be anywhere from . Much of the rainfall is comes from thunderstorms. These can be very bad. They often have lightning, big hail, and sometimes tornadoes. Winter snowfall averages almost . Measurable (≥) snowfall occurs an average of 12.9 days per year, with at least one inch (0.025 metre) of snow being received on five of those days. Snow depth of at least an inch happens an average of 20 days per year.
The 2020 census says that there were 126,587 people, 53,938 households, and 29,912 families living in Topeka. Of the households, 54.8% owned their home and 45.2% rented their home.

The median age was 38.3 years. Of the people, 68.4% were White, 10.4% were Black, 1.6% were Asian, 1.4% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 6.1% were from some other race, and 11.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 16.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 127,473 people, 53,943 households, and 30,707 families living in Topeka.

C W Porubsky's Deli & Tavern's chili "has been a to north Topeka since 1951". In 2014, "Travel + Leisure" said it was one of America's Best Chilis.

The "Topeka Capital-Journal" is a newspaper that is published every day. "The Topeka Metro News" is a newspaper that is published twice per week. Both newspapers have online versions (The Topeka Metro News - Online Edition and CJOnline).

The following radio stations are licensed to Topeka:

AM
FM
The following television stations are licensed to Topeka:

Greyhound Lines has buses going towards Denver, Colorado, eastward to Kansas City, Missouri, and southwest to Wichita, Kansas.



Baton Rouge, Louisiana

Baton Rouge is the capital and second-largest city of the U.S. state of Louisiana. It has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Augusta, Maine

Augusta is the capital city of the U.S. state of Maine. As of 2020, 18,896 people live in Augusta.

Saint Paul, Minnesota

Saint Paul (often abbreviated St. Paul) is the capital city of the U.S. state of Minnesota. St. Paul and Minneapolis are known as the Twin Cities. 



Jackson, Mississippi

Jackson is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Mississippi. The city is also one of two county seats of Hinds County, along with Raymond. The city had a population of 153,701 at the 2020 census, down from 173,514 at the 2010 census. Jackson's population declined more between 2010 and 2020 (11.42%) than any major city in the United States. Jackson is the anchor for the Jackson metropolitan statistical area, the largest metropolitan area completely within the state and the 10th largest urban area in the Deep South. With a 2020 population estimated around 600,000, metropolitan Jackson is home to over one-fifth of Mississippi's population. The city sits on the Pearl River and is located in the greater Jackson Prairie region of Mississippi. Jackson is the only city in Mississippi with a population over 100,000.

Founded in 1821 as the site for a new state capital, the city is named after General Andrew Jackson, who was honored for his role in the Battle of New Orleans during the War of 1812 and later served as U.S. president. Following the nearby Battle of Vicksburg in 1863 during the American Civil War, Union forces under the command of General William Tecumseh Sherman began the siege of Jackson and the city was subsequently burned.

During the 1920s, Jackson surpassed Meridian to become the most populous city in the state following a speculative natural gas boom in the region. The current slogan for the city is "The City with Soul". It has had numerous musicians prominent in blues, gospel, folk, and jazz. The city is located in the deep south halfway between Memphis and New Orleans on Interstate 55 and Dallas and Atlanta on Interstate 20. Being at this location has given the city the nickname the "crossroads of the south".

The city has a number of museums and cultural institutions, including the Mississippi Children's Museum, Mississippi Museum of Natural Science, Mississippi Civil Rights Museum, Mississippi Museum of Art, Old Capital Museum, Museum of Mississippi History. Other notable locations are the Mississippi Coliseum and the Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium, home of the Jackson State Tigers football team.

The Jackson metropolitan statistical area is the state's second largest metropolitan area overall, due to four counties in northern Mississippi being part of the Memphis, Tennessee metropolitan area. In 2020, the Jackson metropolitan area held a GDP of 30 billion dollars, accounting for 29% of the state's total GDP of 104.1 billion dollars.

Jefferson City, Missouri

Jefferson City is the capital of the U.S. state of Missouri. It is also county seat of Cole County. (The Jefferson City metropolitan area includes all of Callaway and Cole counties.) As of the 2020 census, the population was 43,228. Jefferson City was named after Thomas Jefferson, the third president of the United States.

Jefferson City is on the northern edge of the Ozark Plateau on the southern side of the Missouri River near the geographic center of the state, in a region known as Mid-Missouri. It is at the western edge of the Missouri Rhineland, one of the major wine-producing regions of the Midwest.

In pre-Columbian times, this region was home of an ancient people known only as the Mound Builders. By the time European settlers began arriving, the Mound Builders had vanished into history. The contemporary indigenous peoples were called the Osage Indians. When the Missouri Territory was organized in 1812, St. Louis was the seat of government. St. Charles next served as the capital.

The new state legislature decided to build a new capital city in the middle of the state in 1821. They named it after Thomas Jefferson, who was still alive. A village was already there called Lohman's Landing. For years the village was little more than a trading post located in the wilderness about midway between St. Louis and Kansas City. In 1826 the Missouri legislature first met here and in 1839 the settlement was incorporated as a city.

Jefferson City was selected as the site for a state prison and, in 1836, the Missouri State Penitentiary was opened. The prison was home to a number of infamous Americans, including: former heavyweight champion Sonny Liston, assassin James Earl Ray, and bank robber Charles "Pretty Boy" Floyd.
During the American Civil War, Jefferson City was occupied by Union troops. Many of the people in the state supported the Union, although Missouri's Little Dixie section along the river in western counties was strongly Confederate.

German immigrants created vineyards in small towns on either side of the Missouri River, especially on the north from Jefferson City east to Marthasville outside St. Louis. Known as the Missouri Rhineland for its vineyards, first established by German immigrants in the mid-19th century, this area has become a part of the agricultural and tourist economy.

Jefferson City is located at (38.572954, -92.189283). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which, is land and (3.61%) is water.

Jefferson City is served by the Jefferson City Public School District, which operates Jefferson City High School, Simonsen 9th Grade Center, Lewis and Clark Middle School and Thomas Jefferson Middle School, and eleven elementary schools. The district is currently considering building a second high school. There are 4 private elementary schools: St. Joseph's Cathedral, St. Peter , Immaculate Conception , and Trinity Lutheran.Calvary Lutheran, Helias Catholic, and Lighthouse Preparatory Academy are Jefferson City's private high schools.

Lincoln University is a public historically black university with open enrollment and certificate, associate, bachelor, and graduate programs. Columbia College, Linn State Technical College, William Woods University, Metro Business College, and Merrell University also have locations in Jefferson City with varying degree levels and options.

Jefftran operates a public bus system year-round. Jefferson City is one of four state capitols in United States that are not served by an interstate highway. Only four other state capitols nationwide share in this oddity. Interstate 70 passes by the city to the north, in Columbia. U.S. Highways in the city include U.S. Route 50, U.S. Route 54, and U.S. Route 63. Also Route 179 and Route 94 run through the city, giving it four highways that intersect with I-70. Jefferson City is also home to an Amtrak station.



Helena, Montana

Helena is the capital city of the U.S. state of Montana. It is also the county seat of Lewis and Clark County. About 32,000 people lived there in 2020.

Surrounding features include Spring Meadow Lake State Park, Lake Helena, Helena National Forest, the Big Belt Mountains, the Gates of the Mountains Wilderness, the Missouri River, Canyon Ferry Lake, Holter Lake, Hauser Lake, and the Elkhorn Mountains.



Carson City, Nevada

Carson City is the capital city of the American state of Nevada. At the 2020 census, Carson City had a population of 58,639.

Settlers who lived present-day Carson City named the area "Washoe", after the Washoe Native Americans who lived there. John C. Frémont and his party of explorers were the first European Americans to visit the Carson City area in 1843. Frémont named a river flowing through the valley Carson River for Christopher "Kit" Carson, who was a scout on Frémont's expedition.

