Brown had planned to set up a base in the Blue Ridge Mountains. From there he and his followers would help runaway slaves and launch attacks on slaveholders. He described this plan to abolitionists who might fund this plan. But the plan changed. By 1858, with the money and men to proceed, a follower revealed Brown's plan. He was forced to go into hiding. After a year, Brown was ready to go again. He rented a farm in Maryland across the river from Harpers Ferry. But many of his followers had changed their minds or didn't believe the plan would work. He did have 21 men and on October 16, they set out for Harpers Ferry.

About 4 am on the morning of the 17th, Brown and his men arrived at Harpers Ferry. They cut the telegraph lines then captured the federal armory. Next they captured Hall's Rifle Works, a weapons supplier to the federal government. Then Brown and his men took 60 prominent citizens as hostages. Brown hoped slaves would join the fight but none came. Later that morning the local militia arrived and kept Brown and his men pinned down in the arsenal's engine house. Later in the afternoon, US Marines arrived commanded by Colonel Robert E. Lee. The Marines stormed the engine house killing several of Brown's men. They captured Brown. He was quickly put on trial for treason against the state of Virginia, murder and slave insurrection. Brown was sentenced to death and was hanged on December 2, 1859.

Brown quickly became the Martyr for the Abolitionist cause. Many said he accomplished more by his death than he ever did in life.

Of the US Marines at Harpers Ferry:

Ponto Valentino

Ponto Valentino is a village and former municipality in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

In 2004 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Castro, Corzoneso, Dongio, Largario, Leontica, Lottigna, Marolta and Prugiasco to form a new and larger municipality of Acquarossa.

Guttannen

Guttannen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Habkern

Habkern is a municipality of the administrative district Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Border Ruffian

Border Ruffians were pro-slavery activists from the slave-state of Missouri. From 1854 to 1860 they crossed the state border into Kansas Territory to force the acceptance of slavery there. The name was applied by Free-Staters in Kansas and abolitionists throughout the North. Armed Ruffians interfered in territorial elections, and attacked Free-State settlements. This violence was the origin of the phrase "Bleeding Kansas". The Ruffians contributed to the growing sectional tensions, and helped bring on the American Civil War.

Only a few of the Border Ruffians actually owned slaves. Most were simply too poor. What motivated them was hatred of Northerners and abolitionists. The Ruffians were driven by the rhetoric of leaders such as U.S. Senator David Rice Atchison of Missouri, who called Northerners "negro thieves" and "abolitionist tyrants." He encouraged Missourians to defend the institution of slavery "with the bayonet and with blood" and, if necessary, "to kill every God-damned abolitionist in the district."

Ironically, most of the Free-State men in Kansas were not abolitionists. They opposed the presence of either free black people or slaves. "We want no slaves and we want no Negroes" was the prevailing sentiment reported by an abolitionist in 1854. Additionally, the presence of bands of both Kansan and Missourian combatants in the area made it difficult for families on the border to remain neutral.

Kansas Territory was created by the Kansas-Nebraska Act of 1854. The Act repealed the Missouri Compromise of 1820. The Kansas-Nebraska Act introduced the doctrine of popular sovereignty. That meant the people of Kansas would decide on the issue of slavery. At this time, many (probably most) of the settlers in Kansas opposed slavery. However, slavery advocates were determined to have their way no matter what. When elections were held in Kansas Territory, bands of armed Ruffians seized polling places. They prevented Free-State men from voting, and they cast illegal votes. On 29 November 1854, Border Ruffians elected a pro-slavery territorial representative to Congress. On 30 March 1855, the Ruffians elected a pro-slavery legislature. Despite these measures, far more Free-State settlers moved to Kansas than pro-slavery settlers. In 1857, pro-slavery settlers in Kansas proposed the Lecompton Constitution for the future state of Kansas. The Ruffians tried to get the Lecompton Constitution adopted with additional fraud and violence. But by then there were too many Free-Staters there.

The Border Ruffians also engaged in general violence against Free-State settlements. They burned farms and sometimes murdered Free-State men. Ruffians twice attacked Lawrence, Kansas, the Free-State capital. On 1 December 1855, a small army of mainly Border Ruffians laid siege to Lawrence, but were driven off. (This was the nearly bloodless climax to the "Wakarusa War".) On 21 May 1856, an even larger force of Border Ruffians and pro-slavery Kansans captured Lawrence, which they sacked. In retaliation, John Brown and 7 followers committed the Pottawatomie massacre. In this incident, Brown and his followers dragged five unarmed men and boys from their houses and murdered them with swords, guns and knives. This started a rash of violence.

Ernesto Maceda

Ernesto Madarang Maceda (March 26, 1935 – June 20, 2016) was a Filipino columnist and a politician. He served as a Senator from 1971 to 1972 and again from 1987 to 1998. He served as Senate President from 1996 to 1998.

Maceda died of multiple organ failure at a hospital in Quezon City, Philippines on the night of June 20, 2016, aged 81.


Odometer

An odometer or odograph is an instrument that shows the distance traveled by a vehicle, such as a bicycle or automobile. It can be electronic, mechanical, or a combination of the two. The name comes from the Greek words "hodós" ("path" or "gateway") and "métron" ("measure"). It is sometimes called a mileometer or milometer.

Galícia Esporte Clube

Galícia Esporte Clube is a Brazilian football club which plays in Salvador da Bahía, Brazil.

Bahia League Championship (Campeonato Baiano)

"Champion": 1937, 1941, 1942, 1943 and 1968.

"Runner-up": 1935, 1936, 1938, 1939, 1940, 1967, 1980, 1982 and 1995.

Bahia League Championship Second Level (Campeonato Baiano Segunda Divisão)

"Champion": 1985, 1988 and 2013.

"Runner-up": 2007.

Northeast Zone of the North-Northeast Cup (Copa Norte-Nordeste)

"Runner-up": 1969.


Clash of the Titans (2010 movie)

Clash of the Titans is a 2010 American-British adventure fantasy movie. A remake of the 1981 film and directed by Louis Leterrier, it stars Sam Worthington, Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes, Gemma Arterton, Mads Mikkelsen and Alexa Davalos. It was poorly received by critics, however it was a commercial success, grossing $493 million at the American box office. A sequel, Wrath of the Titans was released in 2012.

In ancient times, the Titans are defeated by their children, the gods, who subsequently divide the universe among themselves: Zeus (Liam Neeson) rules the sky, Poseidon (Danny Huston) rules the ocean and Hades (Ralph Fiennes), having been tricked by Zeus, rules the Underworld. The gods created humans, and their prayers fueled their immortality. But, as time goes by, mankind eventually questions and begins to resist the creators and annoy the Olympians.

The fisherman Spyros (Pete Postlethwaite) discovers a coffin adrift in the sea and inside, he discovers a baby, Perseus, and his mother Danaë. Spyros and his wife Marmara (Elizabeth McGovern) take him in as their own, along with their own daughter Tekla (Sinead Michael).

The adult Perseus (Sam Worthington) and his family fish from a boat. They see soldiers from Argos knocking down a statue of Zeus. Angered by this, the gods send the furies, who attack the soldiers and destroy the fishing boat. Perseus, the only survivor, is found by a group of soldiers. He is brought to the court of King Cepheus (Vincent Regan) and Queen Cassiopeia (Polly Walker), who are celebrating their campaign against the gods. The queen compares the beauty of her daughter Andromeda (Alexa Davalos) to that of Aphrodite (Agyness Deyn). The celebrations are cut short when Hades arrives. He has been sent by Zeus to punish the mortals for defying the gods. He warns that unless Andromeda is sacrificed to the Kraken, a monster that he created, he will let it destroy Argos.

Before he leaves, Hades reveals that Perseus is a demigod. He was born after Zeus impregnated Danäe, who was the wife of King Acrisius (Jason Flemyng), in revenge for rebelling against the gods. After he tried to kill his wife and illegitimate son by drowning them in a coffin, Zeus struck him with lightning, deforming him and transforming him into the monster Calibos. Perseus leads the King's Guard to a trio of hags called the Stygian Witches, looking for a way to kill the Kraken. After being betrayed by Hades, Zeus sends Perseus a sword forged on Olympus and the winged horse Pegasus. Perseus refuses them both, but Draco, captain of the king's guard, keeps the sword for when Perseus needs it.

The group are attacked by Calibos, but Draco cuts off his hand and forces him to flee. The band pursue him, but they are later attacked by a group of giant scorpions called Scorpioxs which are created from Calibos' blood. The monsters are tamed and the group are rescued by the djinn, a race of warrior sorcerers which live in the desert. They also wish for the gods' defeat and help Perseus and his friends.

The party arrive at the Stygian Witches'. They reveal that the only way to defeat the Kraken is with the head of the gorgon Medusa, who lives in the ruins of a temple at the edge of the Underworld. Her deadly gaze can turn onlookers into stone. Perseus, Io, Suleiman, Draco and the surviving members of the group enter the Underworld. The men venture into the temple, while Io, who is a woman and forbidden from entering, waits outside. Medusa kills everyone except Perseus, who, with the use of his reflective shield to look at her with his back turned, cuts off her head.

As Perseus leaves the temple, Calibos appears and stabs Io to death. As Perseus and Calibos fight, he accepts he is Zeus's son and stabs Calibos with the Olympian sword, turning him back into a human. The dying Calibos tells Perseus not to become one of the gods. With her final breath, Io tells Perseus to save the people of Argos and Andromeda. He rides back to Argos on Pegasus as the Kraken is released. The people of Argos seize Andromeda and bind her to offer her as a sacrifice to the beast. Meanwhile, Hades reveals he feeds off man's fears rather than their faith or worship as Zeus does, before then subduing his brother.

Perseus arrives at Argos and, with Medusa's severed head, turns the Kraken to stone before it can reach Andromeda. The beast crumbles into pieces and its hand falls on Prokopion (Luke Treadaway), the insane leader of Cult of Hades, and Cepheus, who was injured fighting Prokopion. The two men are crushed to death. Hades appears wanting to killing Perseus, but Perseus, calling upon Zeus, throws his sword at Hades and he is banished into the Underworld. Andromeda is rescued by Perseus and she is crowned the Queen of Argos. Perseus declines her offer to rule with her as King and he also refuses another chance at immortality from Zeus. Zeus then proclaims that if he chooses to be mortal, he should not live alone, and brings Io back to life.

Hagneck

Hagneck is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Hasle bei Burgdorf

Hasle bei Burgdorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Wakarusa War

The Wakarusa War was a skirmish that happened in Kansas Territory. It started on November 21st, and it ended on December 8th, 1885. It was part of the Bleeding Kansas violence. It happened mostly in Lawrence and the Wakarusa River Valley.

The events that led to the Wakarusa War started on November 21, 1855. A Free-Stater named Charles Dow was shot and killed by pro-slavery settler Franklin N. Coleman. The two had been involved in a land dispute at a place called Hickory Point, south of Lawrence. Four hours after the shooting the property owner, Jacob Branson, recovered Dow’s body. Abolitionists then set fire to several pro-slavery cabins. When the (pro-slavery) Douglas County Sheriff, Samuel Jones, learned about what happened at Hickory Point, he led a posse to the area to restore order. But Jones did not arrest Coleman. Instead, he arrested the property owner (and abolitionist leader) Jacob Branson. But while taking Branson to jail, an abolitionist party stopped them and freed Branson. The Sheriff then assembled about 1,500 Missouri Border Ruffians to put down what he called an insurrection. The Missourians camped along the Wakarusa River while they made plans to invade Lawrence.

Before coming to Lawrence, the bushwhackers had broken into the United States Arsenal at Liberty, Missouri, and stolen guns, swords, a cannon and ammunition. In Lawrence, John Brown and James Lane had mustered Free-State settlers into a defending army and erected barricades. No attack on Lawrence was made. It was the first time armies from Missouri and Kansas faced each other. It was demanded free-staters obey the laws and give up their weapons. But they replied they had broken no laws and had the right to bear arms. The only fatal casualty occurring during the siege was of a Free-State man named Thomas Barber. On December 6, 1855 he was shot and killed by George W. Clark, the Indian agent, on a road four miles outside of Lawrence. 


Lecompton, Kansas

Lecompton (pronounced ) is a city in Douglas County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, there were 588 people there. Lecompton had a big historical role in pre-Civil War America as the territorial capital of Kansas from 1855 to 1861. This time period was known as Bleeding Kansas.

Lecompton was founded in 1854 on a bluff on the south side of the Kansas River. At first, the city's name was "Bald Eagle", but the name was changed to Lecompton in honor of Samuel Lecompte, the chief justice of the territorial supreme court. In the spring of 1855, the town became the capital of the Kansas Territory. President James Buchanan chose a governor and officials to create government offices in Lecompton. The first post office in Lecompton was created in September 1855.

In the fall of 1857 a convention met in Constitution Hall. They drafted the famous Lecompton Constitution, which would have made Kansas become a slave state. The constitution was rejected after angry national debate and was one of the main ideas of the Lincoln-Douglas debates. The controversy added to the growing fight that became the civil war. The Lecompton Constitution failed, in part, because the antislavery people had control of the territorial legislature in the election of 1857. The new legislature met at Constitution Hall and quickly started to get rid of the pro-slavery laws.

The free-staters shortly tried to move the territorial capital to Minneola, Franklin County, Kansas through a vote, but the resulting bill was later rejected by Kansas territorial governor James W. Denver, and was made void by Jeremiah S. Black, Attorney General of the United States. As such, Lecompton remained the "de jure" territorial capital. This was until Topeka became the capital when Kansas became a state on January 29, 1861. The American Civil War began on April 12, 1861.

Lecompton is at (39.042927, -95.395039). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which, is land and is water.

The climate in this area is has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen climate classification system, Lecompton has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Lecompton is part of the Lawrence, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

In 2020, there were 588 people, 247 households, and 166 families living in Zurich. Of the households, 74.5% owned their home and 25.5% rented their home.

The median age was 40.6 years. Of the people, 86.4% were White, 2.4% were Native American, 1.2% were Black, 0.5% were Asian, 2.0% were from some other race, and 7.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.7% of the people.

Skirmisher

A skirmisher is a soldier usually sent ahead of a main body of troops to harass the enemy. Groups of skirmishers may also be placed on the flanks to prevent a surprise attack or flanking maneuver. A skirmish is a term that was first used in the 14th century. It meant a small-scale fight between two opposing forces or a preliminary battle involving troops in front of the main force. Skirmishers were those involved in the fight or battle. The word from the Old French "eskirmir" "to defend". Skirmishers were usually infantry or cavalry soldiers who formed a skirmish line ahead or next to friendly troops.

Two conflicts that involved the American colonies and the development of skirmishers were the Seven Years' War (the French and Indian War in the American colonies) and the American Revolutionary War. The main development of skirmisher tactics came from the Native American allied primarily to the English and French. Indian warriors did not usually fight in the European style of closely-packed formations of soldiers but more often fought as individuals. They used cover, ambush and lines of fighters, which would later come to be called skirmishing.

The tactics of the Napoleonic Wars called for heavy cavalry to be kept in reserve. Light cavalry were often used as skirmishers and were usually positioned on the sides of an army and served two purposes. In "skirmish order", they could be placed some distance from the main force. That way, they could warn the commander if any enemy approached from that way. The other purpose was to use their quick speed to engage the enemy and to hold them until more forces arrived. By their very presence, they discouraged the enemy from mounting a flanking attack.

During the American Civil War, infantry manuals paid a good deal of attention to skirmishing. The tactics were based on Napoleon's heavy dependence on skirmishing during the Napoleonic Wars. Paintings and images of Civil War battles show two lines of soldiers, standing shoulder to shoulder and firing at the enemy lines at short distances. However, massed formations were not frequently used during the Civil War. Skirmishes and skirmish lines were a more common tactic.

The terrain in many cases did not allow mass formations of armies but allowed skirmishers to fight in open order. The increased accuracy of rifles and rifled muskets at longer ranges made battles fought at close range unnecessary. Battles fought before at could now be fought at . Pre-war training had also changed skirmisher tactics. Instead of one company out of ten, entire regiments were now taught how to fight as skirmishers. They fought in small formations, called “comrades in battle”. That called for four men to move and fight supporting one another.

The Confederate Army actually made more effective use of skirmishers. In each brigade there was an elite battalion of sharpshooters, who were used as skirmishers.

During the Plains Indian Wars, especially after the Civil War, the US Army used companies of skirmishers ahead of the main force. The recommended distance between them was , but most commanders simply kept skirmishers within sight of one another. The skirmishers were used mainly ahead of the main force but could be used to defend the flanks or as a rearguard.

If the Indians attacked, the skirmisher company formed a defensive circle. Once the danger had passed, they returned to their original positions. Often, the entire company was not deployed as skirmishers. Some were kept in reserve to fill gaps, to get ammunition or to carry messages. 


George Brett

George Howard Brett (born May 15, 1953 in Glen Dale, West Virginia) is a retired American baseball player. He played 21 years in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Kansas City Royals. He is a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame and was inducted in 1999 with a fourth-highest voting percentage in baseball history (98.2%). Brett was a third baseman and designated hitter.

Brett won the World Series with the Kansas City Royals in 1985.

In 1994, his number (#5) was retired by the Royals. He is one of only two Royals players to have his number retired by the team (the other is Frank White).

Brett was also notorious for putting excessive amounts of pine tar on his bats, which sometimes led to confrontations and interventions with the umpires, as there is a league rule governing the use of pine tar on the bat.

He raises money for the disease ALS (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis) or better known as Lou Gehrig's Disease.

Avers

Avers () is a municipality of the Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Bergün/Bravuogn

Bergün/Bravuogn (, , , in the local Romansh dialect Brauégn) is a former municipality in the district Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018 the former municipalities of Bergün/Bravuogn and Filisur merged into the new municipality of Bergün Filisur.

Bergün, Latsch, Preda and Stuls.

<br><gallery class=center caption="Bergün/Bravuogn">
Berguen von Crap Sol igl Munts.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-06-2006-gje.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-24-2006-gje.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-28-2006-gje.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-34-Landschaft-2006-gje.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-Bahn-06-2006-gje.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-St Peter und Florin-06-2006-gje.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-St Peter und Florin-12-Fresko-Engel-2006-gje.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-St Peter und Florin-14-Fresko-Heilige-2006-gje.jpg
</gallery>


Villa Epecuén

Villa Epecuén was a tourist village in Adolfo Alsina, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It was flooded in 1985, and was abandoned. Its ruins are on the eastern shore of the Laguna Epecuén, about north of Carhué.

Hasliberg

Hasliberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Mountain biking

Mountain biking is the sport of riding bicycles off-road. Often this is done over rough terrain. Mountain biking uses specially designed mountain bikes. Mountain bikes are similar to other bikes, but have features designed to make them stronger and hold up in rough terrain.

Mountain biking can generally be broken down into multiple categories. These include cross country, trail riding, all mountain (also referred to as "Enduro"), downhill, freeride and dirt jumping. However, the majority of mountain biking falls into the categories of trail and cross country riding styles.

This individual sport requires the rider to have endurance, core strength and balance. The rider also needs bike handling skills, and self-reliance. Advanced riders take on steep technical descents and high incline climbs. Mountain biking can be performed almost anywhere from a back yard to a gravel road, but the majority of mountain bikers ride off-road trails. Using the bike's brakes must be done carefully on a mountain bike, especially when going downhill. In order to work on rough terrain, mountain bikes have several gears from which to choose. It is recommended to use safety gear such as helmet, gloves, elbow and knee pads to avoid injuries in rough terrain. Mountain biking should be done so as to enjoy the ride but not damage the environment.


Häutligen

Häutligen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Battle of Osawatomie

The Battle of Osawatomie took place on Saturday, August 30, 1856 in the town of Osawatomie, Kansas. John Brown and about 40 men tried to defend the town against an attack by about 250–300 Border Ruffians. The Missouri ruffians were led by John W. Reid. The attack began early in the morning when Frederick Brown, son of John Brown, was shot and killed outside of the town. This alerted John Brown and others who tried to defend the town. But heavy casualties forced Brown and the other abolitionists back across the nearby river. The town was looted and burned but Brown was not pursued. This was one of many clashes between pro-slavery and free-staters during the period known as Bleeding Kansas.

In 1854, the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act began a policy known as popular sovereignty in the United States. It allowed settlers in the Kansas Territory to decide by popular vote whether Kansas would be admitted to the United States as a slave or free state. This led activists from both sides of the issue to flood into Kansas trying to influence the outcome. It led to a period of violence that continued into the Amer Civil War.

John Brown was an abolitionist who came to the Kansas Territory on October 7, 1855, to help several of his sons who were already there. He was considered an extremist by some, a martyr by others. As an abolitionist he found slavery in any form to be immoral. On the night of May 24, 1856, Brown and a few followers attacked and murdered five men in a small settlement on the Pottawatomie Creek near Manhattan, Kansas. The killings were particularly brutal. One by one, settlers were dragged from their homes and hacked to death with broadswords and shot. Up to that time there had not been much bloodshed between proslavery and free-state groups. Brown's raid brought retaliation.

In mid-august Missouri Border Ruffians had been looting and killing in the area near Osawatomie. On August 25, about 150 Missourians were camped nearby planning to take the town by surprise. They were discovered and driven away in disorder. On the night of August 29, a band of about 400 ruffians led by John William Reid approached Osawatomie. Their plan was to attack at sunrise. At about the time the attack was supposed to start, the Missourians, guided by a minister named Martin White came across two men leaving town. White recognized one as Frederick Brown, son of John Brown. White immediately shot and killed Brown. Settlers hearing the shot alerted John Brown and the people of the town. The men were gathered together to form a hasty defense of the town. At first they were going to use the blockhouse. But on learning the ruffians had cannon it was decided to position themselves in the woods across the Marais des Cygnes River. The abolitionists defended the town for a time but were eventually overpowered. They retreated and left the town for the Missourians to rob and burn. Only four buildings remained among the ruins of what had been the village of Osawatomie.

The following is an account of the battle written by John W. Reid (leading the Border Ruffians):
John Brown, about a week later, in a letter to his wife wrote:

Neot Kedumim

Neot Kedumim - the Biblical Landscape Reserve in Israel ( is a Biblical garden dedicated to the Nature of the Jewish Bible and also a nature preserve located in Ben Shemen Forest and near of the city "Modi'in" on Route 443 (Israel), between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, Israel.


Pitch, yaw, and roll

Pitch, yaw and roll are the three dimensions of movement when an object moves through a medium. 

The terms may be used to describe an aeroplane's movements through the air. They are also applied to watercraft moving through water, and spacecraft moving through space.

There are in fact six degrees of freedom of a rigid body moving in three-dimensional space. 

As the movement along each of the three axes is independent of each other and independent of the rotation about any of these axes, the motion has six degrees of freedom (see diagram).




The surfaces of a plane and the fins of a fish have a similar function. They serve to adjust the object's attitude as it moves through the fluid. Submarines face the same dynamic control problems as fish do.

The subject is often taught under degrees of freedom (mechanics). This is the number of independent motions that are allowed to the body.

Heatwave (band)

Heatwave is an international disco and funk band. The group was formed around 1975. Its most popular lineup was Americans Johnnie Wilder, Jr and Keith Wilder for vocals, Englishman Rod Temperton for the keyboards, Jamaican Eric Johns and Briton Roy Carter for guitar.

The group had hit singles, like "Boogie Nights" and "Always and Forever".

The group broke up in 1984. However, Heatwave got back together around 1988 and resumed releasing R&B music.

In 2002 the group released an extended remix of "Boogie Nights".

On 5 October 2016, Temperton's death was announced after what was described by his music publisher as "a brief aggressive battle with cancer". Temperton had died at the age of 66 in London the previous week and his funeral had already taken place. The exact date of his death was not announced.

Keith Wilder (born Keith Edward Wilder on 20 December 1951 in Dayton, Ohio) died on 29 October 2017, at the age of 65.

Keyboardist Ernest "Bilbo" Berger died from a cardiac arrest on 1 March 2024, at the age of 73.

Someo

Someo is a village and former municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Aurigeno, Coglio, Giumaglio, Lodano, Moghegno and Someo to form a new and larger municipality of Maggia.

The municipality has 258 people in 2003. It has an area of 32.73 km².

Heiligenschwendi

Heiligenschwendi is a municipality in the administrative district of canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Marais des Cygnes massacre

The Marais des Cygnes massacre happened on May 19, 1858 near the town of Trading Post, Kansas. It was the last violent episode in the period known as Bleeding Kansas. Border Ruffians led by Charles Hamilton stopped in the small village of Trading Post in Lynn County, Kansas on their to West Point, Missouri. Hamilton had previously been driven from his land in Lynn County by free-staters and abolitionists. He came back to seek revenge. They captured eleven free-state men, all of whom Hamilton had a grudge against. The captives were marched into a nearby ravine where the Missourians opened fire on them. The story got national attention in the press. Eastern newspapers including the New York Times printed the story. Anti-slavery groups called the victims martyrs. In 1974, the site of the massacre was designated a National Historic Landmark.

In 1854, the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act began a policy known as popular sovereignty in the United States. It allowed settlers in the Kansas Territory to decide by popular vote whether Kansas would be admitted to the United States as a slave or free state. This led activists from both sides of the issue to flood into Kansas trying to influence the outcome. It led to a period of violence that continued into the American Civil War.

In Lynn County, trouble between free-state and pro-slavery settlers began in about 1856. This was when a large group of pro-slavery Southerners came through the area destroying property and capturing free-state settlers. One of those who escaped the Southerners was James Montgomery. He became the leader of the free-state settlers in the area called Jayhawkers. Various encounters between the two groups went on until 1857 when James H, Lane assembled a company of free-state men to harass the pro-slavery forces in Kansas and Western Missouri. When Lane's company disbanded, James Montgomery took over. He ordered the pro-slavery leaders out of the county. Many did leave and returned to Missouri. Charles A. Hamilton was one who left Kansas, but with bitter feelings. Hamilton called a meeting together at Papinville, Missouri to get men for an invasion of Kansas. It was decided they would eliminate the free-state settlers living in Lynn County.
Hamilton's group of exiles plus about 17 Missourians rode back into Kansas. They stopped at the village store and with guns drawn they disarmed the customers and tied their hands. Hamilton took a list from his pocket and read out the names. One by one the men on the list were taken from their cabins or fields. The village blacksmith had resisted the ruffians with a shotgun and was not taken. The eleven they did capture were led to a gulch that drained into the Marais des Cygnes River. They were lined up in the gulch as if before a firing squad. One Missourian lowered his gun saying he would "have nothing to do with such a piece of business as this". Hamilton then gave the order to fire. The eleven men fell to the ground. Then Hamilton dismounted and turned the bodies over with his boot. Any he found alive he shot in the head with his pistol. Five of the men were killed and five were seriously wounded. One escaped unharmed by pretending to be dead. Other Missourians went through the pockets of the men presumed to all be dead. Finally, they all rode out in different directions so as to make it harder to trail them.

Sarah Read, the wife of Reverend Samuel Read, one of those captured, quickly followed Hamilton's men on foot. She found the victims and gave aid to those who were still alive. Word of the massacre spread quickly and free-staters rushed to the village to help the wounded and bury the dead. Quickly Montgomery's Jayhawkers began trailing the gang but could not find them. Meanwhile Sarah Read searched all night for her husband. He had crawled off after being shot. She discovered him the next morning, still alive. Called "Preacher Read" he survived the massacre.

The atrocity got widespread attention in the North. The murders were shown as an example of organized extermination by Missourians and Southerners. The details of the murders were in every newspaper and were read in nearly every home. 

John Brown came to the village near the end of June. In 1856, Brown had led a massacre of his own, the Pottawatomie massacre, against five pro-slavery men and boys. He built a log blockhouse two stories high with a spring inside for water. The blacksmith, Eli Snider, owned the land. He later sold it to Charles C. Hadsall, a friend of Brown's. Brown and his men stayed in the fort until the end of summer. Then they left it to Hadsall to keep manned.

Hamilton was never captured. During the Civil war he served as a Colonel in the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia. One, a Charles Matlock, was arrested for the crime but he later escaped. Only one was brought to justice. William Griffith was arrested in 1863, tried for murder and on October 30, 1863 was hung.

The poet and abolitionist, John Greenleaf Whittier, wrote a poem about the massacre several months later and published it in the "Atlantic Monthly": 

2003 European heat wave

The 2003 European heat wave was a natural disaster in Europe in July and August 2003. The heat led to the hottest summer on record since at least 1540. France was especially hard hit. The heat led to health crises in several countries. It combined with droughts to reduce crops in Southern Europe.

More than 70,000 people died in Europe. According to an Inserm study, nearly 19,000 people died in France. People also died in the Netherlands, Portugal and Spain.

Heimberg, Switzerland

Heimberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Heimenhausen

Heimenhausen is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Röthenbach bei Herzogenbuchsee and Wanzwil merged into the municipality of Heimenhausen.

Heimiswil

Heimiswil is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland

Moghegno

Moghegno is a village and former municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Aurigeno, Coglio, Giumaglio, Lodano, Moghegno and Someo to form a new and larger municipality of Maggia.

Aurigeno

Aurigeno is a village and former municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Aurigeno, Coglio, Giumaglio, Lodano, Moghegno and Someo to form a new and larger municipality of Maggia.

Alberswil

Alberswil is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Terre di Pedemonte

Terre di Pedemonte is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Cavigliano, Tegna and Verscio merged to form the new municipality of Terre di Pedemonte.


Blockhouse

In military science, a blockhouse is a small fortification. It usually has one or more rooms with loopholes, allowing its defenders to fire rifles or handguns in various directions. It usually refers to an isolated fort in the form of a single building. It serves as a defensive strong point against any enemy that does not possess siege equipment or, in modern times, artillery. A fortification intended to resist these weapons is more likely to qualify as a fortress or a redoubt. 

In modern times, it may be a pillbox, a small underground bunker. However, a blockhouse may also refer to a room within a larger fortification, usually a battery or redoubt. The term "blockhouse" is of uncertain origin, perhaps related to Middle Dutch "" and 18th-century French "" (blockade).

Electoral fraud

Electoral fraud, or vote rigging, is any alteration or change of the vote count in an election. Acts of fraud affect vote counts to bring about an election result. That can be by increasing the vote share of one candidate or by lowering the vote count of another. It can also be a person casting more than one vote if only one vote is permitted, which is called ballot-box stuffing. What defines electoral fraud under law varies from country to country.

Many kinds of election fraud are outlawed in specific electoral laws. Other kinds violate general laws, such as those banning assault, harassment or libel. Technically, the term "electoral fraud" covers only acts that are illegal. Generally, the term is sometimes used to describe acts that are legal but are considered morally unacceptable, outside the spirit of electoral laws, or in violation of the principles of democracy. 

In national elections, successful electoral fraud can have the effect of a coup d'état or corruption of democracy. In a narrow election, a small amount of fraud may be enough to change the result. Even if the outcome is not affected, fraud can still have a damaging effect if not punished. For example, it can reduce voters' confidence in democracy.

Even the perception of fraud can be damaging. Fraudulent elections can lead to the breakdown of democracy and to the establishment or ratification of a dictatorship.

Fraud in elections is not limited to those for public office. Elections, such as for a corporation's directors, labor union officials, or student council members are subject to similar fraud, as are sports judging, and the awarding of merit to works of art and literature.


Muhammad Azam Shah

Muhammad Azam Shah is the successor of the last Mughal emperor Aurangzeb after his death in 1707. He is also the elder son of Aurangzeb. He was at throne from 14 March 1707 to 8 June 1707.

He was born on 28 June 1653 to Aurangzeb and his first wife and chief consort Dilras Banu Begum. He was also a timurid from father's blood and a Persian Safavid by mother's blood. He was the grandson of Shah Nawaz Khan Safavi, the Safavid Emperor of Persia and father of Azam Shah's mother.

After his father Emperor Aurangzeb's death, he ruled the empire. Then a succession war took place between the three sons of Aurangzeb. Azam Shah and his son were killed in the Battle of Jajau on 8 June 1707 by his step brother Bahadur Shah I, who ruled the empire by killing his both brothers in war.

Douglas County, Kansas

Douglas County is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020 census, there were 118,785 people living in the county. That made it the fifth-most populous county in Kansas. The city with the most people is Lawrence.

For many centuries, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Plains Indians. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly gave all the territory west of the Mississippi River to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.

In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France. But it kept about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land including the modern-day state of Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of Louisiana Purchase.

In 1854, the Kansas–Nebraska Act created the territory of Kansas. In 1855, Douglas County was established. Douglas County was opened for settlement on May 15, 1854. It was named for Stephen A. Douglas. The county was practically at the center of the Bleeding Kansas years as leaders in Lecompton, the territorial capital, wanted Kansas to be a slave state. Leaders in Lawrence wanted Kansas to be a free state. A number of events took place in Douglas County. These including the drafting of the controversial Lecompton Constitution (attempting to admit Kansas as a slave state), the sacking of Lawrence, and the Battle of Black Jack.

The first railroad in Douglas County, the Union Pacific, was built through that territory in 1864.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (4.0%) is water. It is the fifth-smallest county in Kansas by land area. Much of its northern border is defined by the Kansas River, which goes through Lawrence. The Bowersock Dam is one of the county's producers of hydropower.


Douglas County includes the Lawrence, Kansas United States metropolitan area.

In 2020, there were 118,785 people living in Douglas County. The people were 78.0% White, 4.5% Black or African American, 2.5% Native American, 3.9% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 2.2% from other races, and 8.8% from two or more races. 7.0% of the people were Hispanic or Latino.

There were 48,553 households. 25.2% of them had children under 18 years old; 39.8% of them had married people; 28.7% had only a woman as the main person (with no man); 33.1% were people living alone; and 9.6% were people over 65 years old living alone.

18.9% of the people were under 18 years old; 20.3% of the people were between 18 and 24 years old; 26.8% of the people were between 25 and 44 years old; 20.2% of the people were between 45 and 64 years old; 13.8% were 65 years old or older.

The Democratic Party has been dominant in Douglas County. Democrats control all County-wide offices in the county, except for the Sheriff. Douglas County is currently served by county commissioners Mike Gaughan, Nancy Thellman, and Michelle Derusseau. Gaughan and Thellman are Democrats, while Derusseau is the lone Republican on the commission.

Democratic state representatives representing portions of the county include John Wilson (10th District), Barbara Ballard (44th District), and Dennis Highberger (46th District), Mike Amyx (45th District); Republican state representatives include Jim Karleskint (42nd District) and Ken Corbet (54th District). The three state senators representing the county, Marci Francisco (2nd District), Tom Holland (3rd District), and Anthony Hensley (19th District), are all Democrats.

Douglas County has a political history similar to that of the Yankee Northeast than of the Great Plains. This can be seen from its voting history. It has the exact same voting history as that of Vermont or Cheshire County, New Hampshire (except the 1912 presidential election). This is due to the county's strong New England heritage. Douglas County voted for the Republican candidate in every Presidential election between 1864 and 1960, except in 1912 when it voted for Progressive Theodore Roosevelt. The Republican presidential nominee got over sixty percent of Douglas County's vote in every election between 1920 and 1960 (except 1932 when Herbert Hoover received 58.7 percent). To show how deeply the county's Republican roots ran, even when Kansas voted for Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and 1936, Republican candidates won the county easily.

This changed in 1964, with the anti-Yankee feeling and Southern leanings of Barry Goldwater. This led to Douglas County voting for Lyndon B. Johnson, making Johnson the first Democrat ever to win the county. With more moderate GOP candidates, the GOP carried the county in every election between 1968 and 1988. However, the growing transformation of Lawrence into a liberal academic town pulled the county into the Democratic column from 1992 onwards. This was similar to many counties around the United States with college towns. Since the 2004 election, Douglas County has been one of the strongest Democratic places in Kansas, second only to Wyandotte County. Often, Douglas and Wyandotte are the only two counties in the state to vote for Democratic presidential candidates.

Douglas County is served by seven school districts.

The University of Kansas's main campus is in Lawrence. Haskell Indian Nations University is also in Lawrence. Baker University, the state's oldest university, is in Baldwin City, Kansas.

Clinton Lake, completed in 1980, offers boating, fishing and other water sports. Various parks around the lake have camping and trails for mountain biking, hiking and horseback riding.

Lone Star Lake is a small lake to the southwest of Lawrence. It offers fishing, boating and camping. Just northwest of Baldwin City is Douglas State Fishing Lake which provides hunting, fishing and limited camping. Other parks around the county include Black Jack Park, which includes the Ivan Boyd Prairie Preserve and Robert Hall Pearson Memorial Park, Broken Arrow Park in Lawrence, and Wells Overlook Park just south of Lawrence.

Big events in the county include the Maple Leaf Festival in Baldwin City every third full weekend in October. Lecompton's Territorial Days take place every year in June. Lawrence has many parades throughout the year including Christmas and St. Patrick's Day.


Other major highways include:

Douglas County also maintains an extensive network of county highways to serve the rural areas of the county. None of these county highways go into Lawrence.







Marais des Cygnes River

The Marais des Cygnes River is a principal tributary of the Osage River. It is about long, and runs through eastern Kansas and western Missouri in the United States. Via the Osage and Missouri rivers, it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. The name "Marais des Cygnes" means "Marsh of the Swans" in French. But the name actually comes from an Osage name “Mixa-ckau-tse” (where white swans are plentiful). It was probably so named because of the trumpeter and tundra swans that were plentiful here before the late 1800s. The river is notorious for flash flooding. The river is referenced in the song "The River" by Chely Wright.


List of comuni of the Province of Pesaro and Urbino

The following is a list of the 59 "comuni" of the Province of Pesaro and Urbino, Marche, in Italy.

Bever, Switzerland

Bever is a municipality of the district of Maloja in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Bivio

Bivio was a municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Bivio, Cunter, Marmorera, Mulegns, Riom-Parsonz, Salouf, Savognin, Sur and Tinizong-Rona merged into the new municipality of Surses.


Brexit

Brexit () was a movement that promoted that the United Kingdom (UK) leave the European Union (EU). The name "Brexit" is a portmanteau of "British" and "exit".

On 23 June 2016, the UK made a referendum that asked whether the UK should leave the EU. The result was that 51.9% of the UK electorate (the main region of the UK) voted that the UK should leave the EU. The rest wanted the UK to stay in the EU. On 29 March 2017, the UK government said that they will definitely be leaving the EU. This started the procedure of Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union, a law that deals with countries that leave the EU. The UK was expected to fully leave the EU on 29 March 2019 at 11p.m. UTC. The deadline to leave was later changed to 31 October 2019.

On 15 January 2019, Theresa May's government was defeated in the House of Commons by 230 votes in a vote on her deal to leave the European Union.

On 24 December 2020, a post-Brexit trade deal was made.

Below is a timeline of major events relating to Brexit.






Madame de Montespan

Françoise de Rochechouart, Marquise of Montespan (5 October 1640 – 27 May 1707) was better known as Madame de Montespan. She was the most celebrated mistress of King Louis XIV of France. She had seven children with him. 

She had spent several years in fashonable Parisians salons. There she was quickly seen as an intelligent, witty and very attractive woman. She eventually gave herself the nickname Athénaïs in honour of the ancient Greek goddess Athena. As a result of this, she is also referred to as "Athénaïs de Montespan". She lived at the same time as Barbara Palmer, 1st Duchess of Cleveland, the mistress of Charles II of England. Several of her decendants married, which makes her an ancestress of several royal houses in Europe, including those of Spain, Italy, Bulgaria and Portugal. She was also responsible for the creation of the now destroyed "Trianon de Porcelaine" as well as the larger and grander Château de Clagny. That was like the Palace of Versailles, just on a smaller scale. She was also called "the real queen of France" in her lifetime due to her strong influence over the king and royal court. 

The second daughter of Gabriel de Rochechouart, Duke of Mortemart and Diane de Grandseigne, she was a member of the House of Rochechouart, itself one of the most well regarded noble families in France. Her mother was a lady-in-waiting to Anne of Austria and as a young girl, she often travelled with her mother between the family estates and the court at the Louvre in Paris. At the age of twelve, she began her formal education at the Convent of St Mary at Saintes, From a young age she was styled as "Mademoiselle de Tonnay-Charente" or "Mademoiselle de Mortemart". 

Despite being in love with Louis de La Trémoille, on 28 January 1663, Françoise married Louis Henri de Pardaillan, Marquis of Montespan, who was one year younger than her. Also, from a prominent noble family, the marriage was considered a good social match. The couple had two children.

At the age of twenty, Athénaïs became a maid-of-honour to the king's sister-in-law, Princess Henrietta of England, who was known at court by the traditional honorific of Madame. Later, because of the relationship between her mother and the queen dowager, Anne of Austria, Athénaïs was appointed to be a lady-in-waiting to the king's wife, Queen Marie Thérèse. By 1666 Athénaïs was trying to gain the favour of Louise de La Vallière, the mistress of king Louis. 

Eventually it became common knowledge that Louis and Athénaïs were having a sexual relationship. Their first illegitimate child was a daughter who was named after the couple ; Louise Françoise de Bourbon (1669-1672). She died young. As the children born to the couple increased, a house in Paris was bought on the Rue Vaugirard where the children could be bought up by their nanny Madame Scarron (future Madame de Maintenon) and secret wife of Louis). Thanks to the constant requests of Athénaïs in 1673, the couple's three living illegitimate children were legitimated by Louis XIV and given the royal surname of "de Bourbon". Their mother's name, however, was not mentioned. Despite having successfully seen her children with Louis legitimised, the arguments between Louis and Athénaïs became more and more frequent as well as ferocious, but the couple would invariably work things out. However, The ""Affaire des Poisons"" (Affair of the poisons), which erupted in September 1677. This was a national scandal, and it was thought that Athénaïs had been using certain poisons on Louis to ensure her influence on him would remain strong. Throughout her time as mistress of Louis, her influence on female fashion at court also remained considerable.


The last years of Madame de Montespan's life were given up to a very severe penance. Real sorrow over her death was felt by her three youngest children. She died on 27 May 1707 at the age of sixty-five while taking the waters at Bourbon-l'Archambault in order to try to heal an illness. The king refused to let her children to wear mourning for her.

Jayhawker

Jayhawkers is a term that came into use just before the American Civil War in Bleeding Kansas. It was adopted by militant bands of Free-Staters. These bands, known as "Jayhawkers", were guerrilla fighters who often clashed with pro-slavery groups from Missouri known at the time as "Border Ruffians". 

After the Civil War, the word "Jayhawker" became synonymous with the people of Kansas. Today a Jayhawk is typically a student, fan, or alumnus of the University of Kansas. "Jayhawk" is also the name of their mascot, a mythical bird with a history based on the Bleeding Kansas era term.

The term was adopted as a nickname by a group of emigrants traveling to California in 1849. The origin of the term may go back as far as the Revolutionary War, when it was reportedly used to describe a group associated with American patriot John Jay.

About 1858 the slang term "jayhawking" became widely used as a synonym for stealing. It was also used at the same time during the Kansas territorial period. The term came to be used to describe militant bands nominally associated with the free-state cause. 

Another historian of the time described the jayhawkers as bands of men that were willing to fight, kill, and rob for a variety of motives that included defense against pro-slavery. They fought "Border Ruffians" raiding into Kansas. In Missouri, "Jayhawker" was a derogatory term for Kansans who raided into Missouri, murdered slave owners, burned and looted their property in the name of freeing slaves.

James Henry Lane , moved to Lawrence, Kansas in 1855. Despite being a Democrat he became affiliated with the Free-Staters. He soon became one of the leaders of the Jayhawkers. Later a Union General and U.S. Senator, he led the 3rd and 4th Kansas Volunteer Infantry and 5th Kansas Cavalry on raids into Missouri. They burned most of the town of Osceola, Missouri, stole everything they could and freed the slaves in the town.

Charles R. Jennison was the leader of the "Independent Mounted Kansas Jayhawkers", also known as the 7th Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, was another who led raids into Missouri. The regiment was officially termed the 7th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, but was popularly known as Jennison's Jayhawkers.
In 1890, the football team of the University of Kansas called themselves the "Jayhawkers". Later it was shortened to "Jayhawk". They became synonymous with their mascot, a mythical bird called the Jayhawk. Their connections to the Jayhawkers of the Bleeding Kansas era and Civil War are a part of their history.

Hellsau

Hellsau is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Foglia

The Foglia is the northernmost river of the Marche region of Italy.

In ancient times it was known as "Pisaurus", as it flows into the Adriatic Sea at "Pisaurum" (modern Pesaro), the last important trading centre along the river. It was also known as the "Isaurus"; a word that is kept in the name of the "comune" Belforte all'Isauro.

The Foglia river has a length of about . Its first are in Tuscany.

Its tributaries are only small streams.

The sources of the Foglia is are in the province of Arezzo (Tuscany), near "Sasso Aguzzo", a hill between the "comuni" of Sestino and Badia Tedalda, at an altitude of about .

Then it flows east trough the "comuni" Sestino, Piandimeleto, Lunano, Sassocorvaro (where a dam forms an artificial lake called Lake of Mercatale), Auditore, Montecalvo in Foglia, Vallefoglia, Montelabbate and, near the mouth, Pesaro.

Two "comuni" have, in their names, the name of the riverː Montecalvo in Foglia and Vallefoglia.


Herbligen

Herbligen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Hermiswil

Hermiswil was a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the municipality of Seeberg.

Hermrigen

Hermrigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Altbüron

Altbüron is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Entlebuch

Entlebuch is a municipality of the Swiss canton of Lucerne. It is the capital of the district Entlebuch.


Doppleschwand

Doppleschwand is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the Swiss canton of Lucerne.

Escholzmatt

Escholzmatt is a municipality of the district Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Escholzmatt and Marbach merged into the new municipality of Escholzmatt-Marbach.


Elle King

Elle King (born July 3, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter and actress. Her musical style is country, rock and soul. In 2012, she released her first EP, "The Elle King EP". On February 17, 2015, she released her first album, "Love Stuff". The album produced the top 10 song "Ex's & Oh's".

King was born in Los Angeles. She later moved to New York City.

Serravalle, Switzerland

Serravalle is a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was created on 1 April 2012 when the former municipalities of Malvaglia, Semione and Ludiano merged to form the new municipality of Serravalle.


Gambarogno

Gambarogno is a new municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra (Gambarogno), Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira (Gambarogno) merged into the new municipality of Gambarogno.


Flühli

Flühli is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Herzogenbuchsee

Herzogenbuchsee is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2008, the former municipality of Oberönz merged into the municipality of Herzogenbuchsee.


Freimettigen

Freimettigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Hilterfingen

Hilterfingen is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


2015–16 Superleague Greece

The 2015–16 Superleague Greece was the 80th season of top division football in Greece. The season started on 22 August 2015 and ended in May 2016. Olympiacos won their sixth consecutive title and 43rd overall.

Joe Walsh (Illinois politician)

William Joseph Walsh, known as Joe Walsh (born December 27, 1961), is an American conservative talk radio host and former politician.

He served one term in the United States House of Representatives for Illinois' . He served from January 2011 through January 2013, after defeating three-term incumbent Democratic Representative Melissa Bean by a margin of 291 votes in a surprising upset. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Walsh was defeated by retired U.S. Army Lt. Colonel Tammy Duckworth in the general election on November 6, 2012. He now hosts a conservative radio show on WIND-AM 560.

On August 25, 2019, Walsh announced his candidacy for President of the United States against President Donald Trump for the Republican nomination in 2020. He stated that Trump's behavior in office motivated him to declare his candidacy. He ended his campaign on February 9, 2020.


FC Rapid București

Fotbal Club Rapid București is a Romanian association football club from Bucharest, Romania. It was founded in 1923 by a group of workers. Rapid won the Romanian championship three times (1967, 1999 and 2003) and the Romanian Cup 13 times. In the 2015–16 season, they were promoted to Liga I.

Liga I

Liga II

Cupa Eroilor (Heroes Cup)

Cupa României

Supercupa României


FC Dinamo București

Fotbal Club Dinamo București (Usually just called Dinamo) is a Romanian association football club from Bucharest, Romania. The team is one of the most successful clubs in Romania, having won 18 Romanian Liga I titles, 13 Romanian Cups and 2 Supercupa României. They reached the semi-finals of the 1983–84 European Cup, only to be defeated by Liverpool 3–1.

The club was founded in 1948, and is one of the few to stay in the Liga I for it's entire history. The team's traditional home colours are white and red. Also, the club's biggest rival is Steaua Bucuresti.



CFR Cluj

Fotbal Club CFR 1907 Cluj ('CFR' stands for "Căile Ferate Române", meaning Romanian Railways) is a Romanian association football club from Cluj-Napoca in Transylvania, Romania. The club spent most of its history in the lower divisions. Great financial gains in 2002 led them to reach the Liga I in 2004. The following season, the CFR Cluj took part in the UEFA Intertoto Cup and finished as runners-up. For the first time in their history, the club won the Liga I in 2008. That season, they took the title away from the teams of Bucharest for the first time in 17 years. Since 2004, they have won the Liga I 3 times, the Romanian Cup 3 times and the Romanian Supercup twice.

The teams colours are purple and white, and their biggest rival is Universitatea Cluj.

Liga I
Liga II
Liga III
Romanian Cup
Romanian Supercup

Their most recent appearance in a European competition was in the 2014–15 UEFA Europa League, in which they reached the third qualifying round.

2016–17 Liga I

The 2016–17 Liga I was the 99th season of Liga I, which is the top division football league in Romania. The season began on 23 July 2016 and ended in May 2017. Viitorul Constanța won the tournament.

Teams start the Championship round with their points from the Regular season halved, rounded upwards, and no other records carried over from the Regular season.

Teams start the Relegation round with their points from the Regular season halved, rounded upwards, and no other records carried over from the Regular season.

ACS Poli Timișoara wins play-offs and stays in the Liga I.


Cupa României

The Cupa României (English: Romanian Cup) is an association football club tournament for Romanian teams. It has been held annually since 1933–34, except during World War II. All teams connected to the Romanian Football Federation can perform in the tournament. The winner of the cup is granted a place in the play-off round of the UEFA Europa League.

The most successful teams have been mainly from Bucharest, with Steaua București winning 22 titles, followed by Rapid București and Dinamo București with thirteen each.

Since the 2009–10 season, the format has been as such:

The county phase begins the tournament and is organized by the county football associations. Forty-two teams (one from each county) advance to the next phase.



FC Politehnica Iași (2010)

Clubul Sportiv Municipal Studențesc Iași (previously called CSMS Iași) is a professional association football club from Iaşi, Romania. The club was founded in 2010 and currently plays in the Liga I. The team's colours are blue and white.

On August 2010, Tricolorul Breaza merged with "Navoby Iași" and formed ACSMU Politehnica Iași. Ionuț Popa was appointed manager and Grigore Sichitiu as executive president. In the summer of 2011 the club was renamed to Clubul Sportiv Municipal Studenţesc Iași.

After many managerial changes, the club was finally promoted to Liga I after finishing 1st in the 2013–14 Liga II season.

Liga II


Hasle, Lucerne

Hasle is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


FC Astra Giurgiu

Fotbal Club Astra Giurgiu (Usually called Astra Giurgiu or just Astra) is a professional association football club from Giurgiu, Romania. They currently play in the Liga I.

The club was formed in 1921 in Ploiești (a city about 116 km north of Giurgiu), as "Clubul Sportiv Astra-Română". The club spent most of its history in the lower divisions. In 1990, the club was taken over by businessman Ioan Niculae and has since improved. In September 2012, the team was moved from Ploiești to Giurgiu.

The team won their first Liga I title in 2015–16. They also won 1 Cupa României and 1 Supercupa României.

The colours of the club are white and black, which is why their nickname "Dracii Negri" (The Black Devils).

The club has also had many names. These include: "Clubul Sportiv Astra-Română" (1921–1934), "Astra Română Câmpina" (1934–1937), "Astra Română Ploiești" (1937–1938), "Colombia Ploiești" (1938–1945), "Astra Română Ploiești" (1945–1959), "Rafinorul Ploiești" (1959–1990), "CS Astra Ploiești" (1990–1996), "AS Danubiana Ploiești" (1996–1998), "SC FC Astra Ploiești" (1998–2005), "CSM Ploiești" (2005–2007), "FC Ploiești" (2007–2009) and "FC Astra Ploiești" (2009–2012).



Marbach, Lucerne

Marbach was a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Marbach and Escholzmatt merged into the new municipality of Escholzmatt-Marbach.

Escholzmatt-Marbach

Escholzmatt-Marbach is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Escholzmatt and Marbach merged into the new municipality of Escholzmatt-Marbach.


Liga II

Liga II (previously called Divizia B) is the second tier division association football league in Romania. The winners of the league get promoted to the Liga I. The current champions are Rapid București and Gaz Metan Mediaș.

Liga II is made up of two regional leagues called Seria I and Seria II, each with 14 teams. In order to avoid long and expensive travels,t he clubs are divided based on where they are in Romania. Seria I usually has teams from the east, while Seria II has teams from the east. Teams in the center of Romania can choose which regional league they want to play in.

The best 6 teams from each Seria moves on to a play-off for promotion to Liga I. The rest of the teams will move on to a relegation play-off.

Until the 2012–13 season Liga II had 2 groups of 16 teams each. At the end of the 2012–13 and 2013–14 seasons the last five teams were relegated.

FC Botoșani

Fotbal Club Botoșani (usually just called FC Botoșani or Botoșani) is a professional Romanian association football club from Botoşani, Romania. Since the 2016–17 season, they play in the Liga I. It is the first club from Botoşani County to be promoted to the top league.

The club was formed in 2001 as Fotbal Club Botoșani. They started in the started in Divizia C, Serie I. They quickly made it to the Liga I after finishing 1st in the 2012–13 Liga II season.

The club plays at the Stadionul Municipal, which has a capacity of around 12,000 people. Supporter groups include the "Dark Hooligans", "Renegatii" and "BT Pride". They have a historical rivalry with Rapid CFR Suceava, but have recently grown to be rivals with Municipal Studențesc Iași as well.

The club's colours are red, white and blue. The home kit is usually white, while the away kit is generally blue.

Liga II
Liga III


Stadionul Municipal (Botoșani)

The Stadionul Municipal is a multi-use stadium in Botoşani, Romania. It is usually used for football matches with FC Botoșani (since 2001). The stadium holds 12,000 people. It was renovated in 2008, 2009 and 2013.


United Nations General Assembly Resolution 68/262

United Nations General Assembly Resolution 68/262 was adopted on March 27, 2014 by the sixty-eighth session of the United Nations General Assembly in response to the Russian annexation of Crimea and entitled "Territorial integrity of Ukraine". The non-binding resolution, which was supported by 100 United Nations member states, affirmed the General Assembly's commitment to the territorial integrity of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders and underscored the invalidity of the 2014 Crimean referendum. Eleven (11) nations voted against the resolution, while 58 abstained, and a further 24 states were absent when the vote took place.

The resolution was introduced by Canada, Costa Rica, Germany, Lithuania, Poland and Ukraine. The adoption of the resolution was preceded by the unsuccessful attempts of the United Nations Security Council, that convened seven sessions to address the Crimean crisis, only to face Russian veto.



CS Universitatea Craiova

Clubul Sportiv Universitatea Craiova is a professional association football club from Craiova, Romania.

Two teams were founded in Craiova in the year 1921: "Craiovan Craiova" and "Rovine Griviţa Craiova". These two clubs merged to form the very successful team, FC Craiova. The team dissolved in 1949. Finally in 1948, "Universitatea Craiova" was formed by a group of students and professors.

Since it's founding, the club has won 4 Liga I titles, 6 Cupa României titles, 2 Liga II titles and 1 Liga III title. They also reached the quarter-finals of the 1981–82 UEFA Champions League tournament.

The team's colours are blue and white.

Liga I

Cupa României

Liga II

Liga III


Release

Release might refer to:


Richenthal

Richenthal is a village and former municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Richenthal and Langnau bei Reiden merged into the municipality of Reiden.

Azzedine Alaïa

Azzedine Alaïa (; , ; 26 February 1935 – 18 November 2017) was a Tunisian haute couture fashion designer based in Paris. 

In 2008, he was awarded the Legion of Honour by the French government.

In 2011, he started showing his collections on the catwalk again after an eight-years pause.

In 2015, he was celebrated at the Galleria Borghese in Rome with an exhibition called "Couture/Sculpture: Azzedine Alaïa in the History of Fashion".

Sandy Springs, Georgia

Sandy Springs is a city in Fulton County, Georgia. It is north of Atlanta. Its population was 108,080 in 2020.

Slave states and free states

In the history of the United States of America, a slave state was a U.S. state in which the practice of slavery was legal at a particular point in time. A free state was one in which slavery was prohibited. Slavery was an issue that divided the country. It was one of the primary causes of the American Civil War. The Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, ratified in 1865, abolished slavery in every state and territory of the United States except in cases of punishment for criminal activity. After that time the terms became more or less obsolete because all states were free of slavery.an attempt was Madèle to ensure that equal numbers week admîtes

Slavery was legal and practiced in each of the Thirteen Colonies. Organized political and social movements to end slavery began in the mid-18th century. The desire for freedom from Britain, expressed in the American Revolutionary War, caused many black Americans to join the revolution in hopes they would be freed also. Others joined the British Army, encouraged by British promises of freedom in exchange for military service. After the British lost the war, thousands were taken to Nova Scotia.

In the 1770s, blacks throughout New England began sending petitions to northern legislatures demanding freedom. At the Constitutional Convention many slavery issues were debated and for a time slavery was a major obstacle to passage of the new constitution. As a compromise the institution of slavery was acknowledged although never mentioned directly in the constitution. An example is the Fugitive Slave Clause. By 1789, five of the Northern states had policies that started to gradually abolish slavery: Pennsylvania (1780), New Hampshire and Massachusetts (1783), Connecticut and Rhode Island (1784). Vermont abolished slavery in 1777, while it was still independent. When it joined the United States as the 14th state in 1791, it was the first state to join that had no slavery. By 1804 all of the northern states had abolished slavery or had plans in place to gradually reduce it. There were 11 free states and 11 slave states. Later came the civil war.

In the South, Kentucky was created as a slave state from a part of Virginia (1792). Tennessee was created a slave state out of a part of North Carolina (1796). By 1803, after Ohio had been admitted to the United States, there were nine free states and eight slave states. The geographic divide between northern free states and southern slave states became the Mason–Dixon line. In 1820, the Missouri Compromise extended the Mason–Dixon line westward as the official dividing line between free and slave states east of the Ohio River.

The Northwest Ordinance of 1787, passed just before the U.S. Constitution was ratified, prohibited slavery in the Northwest Territory. The southern boundary of the territory was the Ohio River. This was regarded as a westward extension of the Mason–Dixon line. The territory was generally settled by New Englanders and American Revolutionary War veterans who were granted land there. The states created from the territory – Ohio (1803), Indiana (1816), Illinois (1818), Michigan (1837), Iowa (1846), Wisconsin (1848), and Minnesota (1858) – were all free states.

During the War of 1812, the British accepted all slaves who came into their hands as free. This was without any conditions as to military service such as had been made in the Revolutionary War. By the end of the War of 1812, the momentum for antislavery reform, state by state, appeared to lose momentum. Half the states had already abolished Slavery, had prohibited it from the start or were in the process of eliminating slavery. The other half were committed to preserving slavery within their borders.

At the federal level politicians were concerned over the balance of power in the United States. Each state had two senators so if there were an equal number of states on both sides of the issue, nothing could be done on the federal level. With an equal number of slave states and free states, the Senate was equally divided on issues important to the South. Both the North and South were concerned over the western territories and whether new states would be admitted as free states or slave states.

Controversy over whether Missouri should be admitted as a slave state, resulted in the Missouri Compromise of 1820. This specified that Louisiana Purchase territory north of latitude 36° 30', which described most of Missouri's southern boundary, would be organized as free states. Territory south of that line would be reserved for organization as slave states. As part of the compromise, the admission of Maine (1820) as a free state was secured to balance Missouri's admission as a slave state (1820). The growing population in the industrialized North resulted in the House of Representatives having more free state votes than slavery votes. To overcome this imbalance, in 1836 the House instituted a "gag rule" forbidding the House from considering any anti-slavery petitions. It was repealed on December 3, 1844.

The admission of Texas (1845) and the U.S. obtaining the vast new Mexican Cession territories (1848) after the Mexican–American War created further North-South conflict. Although the settled portion of Texas was an area rich in cotton plantations and dependent on slavery, the territory acquired in the Mountain West did not seem hospitable to cotton or slavery. As part of the Compromise of 1850, California was admitted as a free state (1850), without a slave state pair. To avoid creating a free state majority in the Senate, California agreed to send one pro-slavery and one anti-slavery senator to Congress.

The difficulty of identifying territory that could be organized into additional slave states stalled the process of opening the western territories to settlement. Slave state politicians sought a solution, with efforts being made to acquire Cuba (see Ostend Manifesto, 1852) and to annex Nicaragua (see Walker affair, 1856–57). Both were to be slave states.

In 1854, the Missouri Compromise of 1820 was superseded by the Kansas–Nebraska Act. This allowed white male settlers in the new territories to determine through popular sovereignty whether they would allow slavery within each territory. The result was that pro- and anti-slavery elements flooded into Kansas with the goal of voting slavery up or down. This led to the conflict known as Bleeding Kansas. An effort was attempted to organize Kansas for admission as a slave state. It was to be paired with Minnesota as a free state. But the admission of Kansas as a slave state was blocked because of questions over the legitimacy of its slave state constitution. Anti-slavery settlers in Kansas in the 1850s were called "Free-Soilers", because they fought (successfully) to include Kansas in the Union as a free state in 1861. When the admission of Minnesota proceeded unimpeded in 1858, the balance in the Senate was lost. Oregon was admitted in 1859 as a free state.

At the start of the Civil War, there were 34 states in the United States, 15 of which were slave states. Of these, 11 slave states declared their secession from the United States to form the Confederacy. The slave states that stayed in the Union were Maryland, Missouri, Delaware, and Kentucky, and were referred to as the border states. By the time the Emancipation Proclamation was made in 1863 Tennessee was already in Union control. So the Proclamation applied only to the 10 remaining Confederate states. Abolition of slavery also became a condition of the return of local rule in those states that had declared their secession. The Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution abolished slavery throughout the United States on December 18, 1865, ending the distinction between slave and free states.

Romoos

Romoos is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Hindelbank

Hindelbank is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Mötschwil became a part of Hindelbank.


Province of Fermo

The Province of Fermo () is a province in the Marche region of Italy. Its capital is the city of Fermo.

It is a province since 2004 with parts of the province of Ascoli Piceno but it was in 2009 when it became an active province.

Fermo has an area of , the smallest province of the Marche region. The province is surrounded, by land, by two provinces of Marcheː the province of Macerata in the north and west and the province of Ascoli Piceno in the south; to the east is the Adriatic Sea on the east.

The main rivers in the province, from north to south, are (all of them flow to the east into tfe Adriatic Sea but Ete Morto)ː

The highest mountain in the province is "Monte Priora",() in the Apennines; it is high.

There are 174,849 persons living in the province (1 January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

There are 40 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:

The largest "comune" is Fermo, with and the smallest is Pedaso, with . The "comune" with fewest people living in it is Smerillo with 366 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.


Höchstetten

Höchstetten is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Höfen, Thun

Höfen bei Thun was a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Höfen, Niederstocken and Oberstocken merged into the new municipality of Stocken-Höfen.

List of comuni of the Province of Fermo

The following is a list of the 40 "comuni" of the Province of Fermo, Marche, in Italy.

Bonaduz

Bonaduz () is a municipality of the district Imboden in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Hofstetten bei Brienz

Hofstetten bei Brienz is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Homberg, Bern

Homberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Jenni Williams

Jennifer Louise "Jenni" Williams is an activist from Zimbabwe. She started the organization WOZA (Women of Zimbabwe Arise) to protest the Zimbabwe government. In 2007 she received an International Women of Courage Award.

Willimas has an Irish grandfather and a Matabele grandmother. When she was sixteen years old, she left school to take care of her brothers and sisters.

From 1994 to 2002 Williams was head of a public relations company.

In 2003 Williams started WOZA to work for women's rights and government reform. By 2009, she had been in prison more than 50 times. 


If Only I Could

If Only I Could (Chinese: 十年…你还好吗？) is a Singaporean drama television series. It is produced and shown on Mediacorp Channel 8. It began its run from 31 May 2016. There are 20 episodes. It stars Rui En, Paige Chua, Andie Chen and Elvin Ng as the main characters.

Chen Zhenhao struggles to keep her family together despite a disapproving mother-in-law, an easygoing husband too generous with his meagre earnings, and a son with hyperactivity.

Huo Xiwen endures marital problems with her husband Huang Degang and suffers a miscarriage after an accident.

Zhenhao is later diagnosed with breast cancer, and together with her former schoolmate and rival, Xiwen, who’s also seen her share of misfortune, the pair travel back in time to start their lives over and avoid all the mistakes they’ve made. But the two long-suffering wives realise they’re worse off than before.



CS Gaz Metan Mediaș

Clubul Sportiv Gaz Metan Mediaș is a professional association football club from Mediaș, Sibiu County, Romania. They were founded in 1945 and currently play in the Liga I.

They currently play at the Stadionul Gaz Metan, which has a capacity of around 7,800 people.

Their best performance in the Liga I was at 7th place in the 2010–11 Liga I. They have never won the Romanian cup, but got 2nd place in 1951. They have won the Liga II 2 times and the Liga III 3 times.

The club has had many names: "Karres Mediaș", "CSM Mediaș", "Zorile Rosii Mediaș", "Gaz Metan Mediaș", "Partizanul" (1950–51), "Flacara" (1951–56), "Energia" (1956–58), "Gaz Metan" (1958–60), and "CSM Mediaș" (1960–1963).

Liga II
Liga III


FC Viitorul Constanța

Fotbal Club Viitorul Constanța is a professional association football club from Ovidiu, Constanța County, Romania. They currently play in the Liga I.

The club was founded in the summer of 2009 and began to play in the Liga III. It was founded by famous Romanian footballer Gheorghe Hagi. The club currently possesses the top youth facilities of any club in the country.

They won the Liga III in the 2009-10 season. Also, their team colours are blue, white and black.

Liga III

Schüpfheim

Schüpfheim is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Mason–Dixon line

The Mason–Dixon line, also called Mason's and Dixon's line, originally determining the border between Maryland and Pennsylvania, was surveyed and marked between 1763 and 1767. Two English surveyors, Charles Mason and Jeremiah Dixon, were hired by the Penn and Calvert families to settle a border dispute. In 1760 the British crown, tired of the violence between the two colonies, demanded the dispute over the border between Maryland and Pennsylvania be settled according to an agreement made in 1732. The line the two surveyors came up with was so accurate it is still considered a marvel. GPS measurements show the line to be off by an inch (2.54 cm) or less in places and no more than in others.

England's Secretary of State under James I of England was George Calvert. When he decided to publicly announce he was a Catholic in 1625, English law required him to resign his position. The king made him an Irish baronet with the title of "Lord Baltimore". Calvert was one of the investors in the Virginia Company but was not allowed to go to the Virginia Colony because of his religion. Now retired and with time on his hands, Calvert turned his attention to overseas plantations. A wealthy man, Calvert started his own "Avalon" colony in Newfoundland. But by 1629 Calvert lost interest. He then convinced Charles I of England, James's successor, to give him a land grant to start the colony of Maryland. The king gave Calvert and his son everything north of the Potomac River to the 40th parallel and everything from the Atlantic Ocean to the source of the Potomac. The first Lord Calvert died in 1632. His sons went on to found the Maryland colony. On May 27th, 1634, Leonard Calvert with about 300 settlers arrived at St. Mary's City, Maryland on the Chesapeake Bay.

William Penn, a leading member of the Religious Society of Friends or Quakers, was one of those who was granted the colonial province of West New Jersey in 1677. While colonists settled there, Penn remained in England. Charles II of England owed Penn's father a large loan which at the elder Penn's death the king settled by granting Penn a large area of land "Sylvania" (Latin for woods) west and south of New Jersey. Charles renamed it Pennsylvania in honor of Penn's father. Perhaps Charles II was glad to have a place to send political outsiders like Penn that was far away from England. Issued on March 4, 1681, the boundaries of Pennsylvania were:

In 1682, an error in surveying placed Philadelphia inside the lands granted to Maryland. The two charters had overlapped. The Calvert family in Maryland demanded Philadelphia become a part of Maryland. The Penn family defended the error and in 1729 established Lancaster County, Pennsylvania partly in defense of the error.

Maryland hired a ruffian named Thomas Cresap to force the issue. He and his armed followers moved up the Susquehanna River from Havre de Grace, Maryland to the 40th parallel settling on the west bank of the river. From there they began harassing their Pennsylvania neighbors. They killed livestock and tore down fences. In 1732 the hostilities quieted down when the two colonies reached an agreement. But Lord Baltimore went back on the agreement two years later. Cresap and his men resumed raiding farms and telling Pennsylvania Quakers that if they wanted it stopped they would pay the taxes they owed Maryland.

The closest the dispute ever came to being a "war" was on November 23, 1736. A group of Scots-Irish men led by the Sheriff of Lancaster attacked Cresap's men. The Maryland ruffians were defeated with one being killed. Cresap was arrested and taken to Philadelphia. He remained in prison until August 1737 when the King ordered his release. He also ordered the two colonies to settle their dispute in the courts and not by fighting. An English high court ruled in 1750, in favor of Pennsylvania. The court stated that Maryland forfeited its charter rights when it agreed to the compromise in 1732. The new border was now at 39 degrees, 43 minutes, 26.3 seconds, north latitude based on the survey by Mason and Dixon.

In 1781, Pennsylvania abolished slavery. The original line became the rough dividing line between Southern slave states and Northern free states. The exception was Delaware which remained a slave state up to the American Civil War. Fifty years later the Missouri Compromise of 1820 established a line extending the Mason–Dixon line westward to the Ohio River. Then following the border of Ohio to the mouth of the river at the Mississippi River, then westward along 36 degrees 30 minutes North. The line began as a way to end a border dispute and became best known as the line separating slave and free states.


Horrenbach-Buchen

Horrenbach-Buchen is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Huttwil

Huttwil is a city in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Son Heung-min

Son Heung-min (Hangul: 손흥민 [sʰon hɯŋmin]; born 8 July 1992) is a South Korean soccer player. He is now in the English Premier League at Tottenham Hotspur F.C.. Son is a forward who plays both as a winger and a striker. He played in the Bundesliga for Hamburger SV and Bayer Leverkusen. Son is also a key player on the South Korean national team. He played in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

Son was born on July 8th 1992 in Chuncheon, South Korea. He was taught by his father, who was a football player. He graduated Chuncheon Buan Elementary School. Then he entered Chuncheon Hupyeong Middle School, butl he transferred to and graduated from Wonju Yukmingwan Middle School. He entered Dongbuk High School, but quit to join Hamburger SV.

In 2008, Son joined the youth academy of Hamburger SV in the Bundesliga at the age of 16. He signed a professional contract before the 2010-2011 season.

In June 2013, he transferred to Bayer 04 Leverkusen.

In August 2015, Son joined the English Premier League team Tottenham Hotspur F.C.

Son's first international competition was the 2011 AFC Asian Cup. Later, he played in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

Ring (diacritic)

A ring diacritic may appear above or below letters. It may be used with some letters of the extended Latin alphabets. In the International Phonetic Alphabet, a ring below a letter is used for voicelessness.

Werthenstein

Werthenstein is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Wolhusen

Wolhusen is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the Lucerne canton of Switzerland.


Harpers Ferry Armory

Harpers Ferry Armory, more formally known as the United States Armory and Arsenal at Harpers Ferry, was the second federal armory commissioned by the United States government. It was located in Harpers Ferry, West Virginia (then part of Virginia). It was also called the "mother arsenal", a term coined in 1797 by the first Secretary of the Navy Benjamin Stoddert. The first federal armory was the Springfield Armory located in Springfield, Massachusetts. In many books the town is called “Harper’s Ferry” with an apostrophe. The national armory has been associated with many historical events throughout the history of the United States.

In 1751, Robert Harper purchased of land at "The Hole", a name at the time for the place where the Potomac and Shenandoah rivers meet. He set up a ferry service for travelers who needed to cross the Shenandoah River. In 1763, the Virginia General Assembly established the town of "Shenandoah Falls" at "Mr. Harper's Ferry." Soon it just became known as Harpers Ferry. The town grew and became a transportation hub as more new businesses came here.

In 1794, the United States Congress passed a bill calling ""for the erecting and repairing of Arsenals and Magazines"". President George Washington, given wide latitude in carrying out this order, selected Harpers Ferry, then a part of Virginia, for the location of the Harpers Ferry National Armory. In 1796, the United States government purchased a parcel of land from the heirs of Robert Harper. In 1799, construction began on the national armory. Three years later, mass production of military arms started.

When it opened, the armory's size seemed to be too small for its workforce. It consisted of only one room. There were 25 workers. Nevertheless, the armory produced many muskets, rifles, and later pistols for the United States. By 1810 the armory was producing about ten thousand weapons per year. The building relied on river power to drive the armory's machinery.

Most of the guns for the 1804 Lewis and Clark Expedition were made at Harpers Ferry. In 1811 the M1819 Hall rifle was designed by Captain John Hall. In 1819 it was adopted by the U.S. Army and produced at Harpers Ferry.

The 1830s and 1840s saw a number of changes in the design of the basic musket produced at the armory. More powerful gunpowder was developed and weapons changed from flintlock to percussion cap operation. By 1855 the armory was producing rifled muskets by the thousands with ‘‘HARPERS FERRY’’ stamped on them.

The upgrades of the arsenal began in 1845-1854 with the construction of seven brand new workshops and the installation of 121 new machines. The new workshops had a brick superstructure with iron framing and sheet metal roofing. These reconstructed arsenal buildings became collectively known as the "U.S. Musket Factory". The armory canal was enlarged so that more water could get to the armory, which meant it would receive more power. 

In addition, more people were employed to work at the armory than before: the labor force increased from 25 in 1802 to about 400 workers in 1859. The working conditions improved, but only slightly.
In 1859, the armory became the site of the famous raid by abolitionist John Brown. While unsuccessful in inciting a slave revolt, it did raise Southern fears and increased the tension between North and South prior to the American Civil War.

On April 17, 1861, Virginia seceded from the Union. At this point the arsenal became a prime military target. the governor of Virginia planned to take the valuable armory for the South. He knew that no Southern arsenal could match the quality of the arms being produced at Harpers Ferry. He sent his militia to take the arsenal before the Union Army could send enough troops to hold it. When the Virginia militia was four miles away, army Lieutenant Roger Jones sent an urgent message to Washington, DC explaining the danger they were in and to send them thousands of troops to defend Harpers Ferry. When he received no reply he decided he had to act. On the night of April 18, 1861, Jones ordered his men to set fire to the arsenal and the over 15,000 muskets and all the ammunition stored there. Then they quickly retreated across the bridge to Maryland. But the approaching Virginia militia put out the flames. They were able to save 4,000 muskets and all the machinery. The Confederates held the armory for the next three months. During this time they transported the machinery to the Confederate armory at Fayetteville, North Carolina. Then the Confederates set fire to the buildings when they retreated in July. The armory was destroyed and never rebuilt.

In spite of the armory's strategic importance, it was nearly impossible to defend. The town and arsenal were surrounded on sides by thousand-foot high cliffs. To defend Harpers Ferry required the placement of artillery on all high points over the city. Soldiers stationed at Harpers Ferry during the war described it as a “godforsaken, stinking hole”. The location of Harpers Ferry proved to be a poor choice militarily. 

After the Civil War, John Brown's Fort was the only building to survive the destruction by both the Confederates and the Union. The building was named after John Brown for his notorious raid on the Harpers Ferry Armory in 1859. The building was the armory's fire engine and guardhouse.


Entlebuch District

Entlebuch is a district of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. The capital is the municipality of Schüpfheim.

It contains the following municipalities:


Sixth form

The sixth form is the final stage in British secondary schools. This term is used in England, Northern Ireland, Wales and some other Commonwealth countries. The sixth form (or 'Key Stage 5') is the final two years of secondary education (U.S. 'high school'). Students (typically between 16 and 18 years of age) prepare for their A-level (or equivalent) examinations.



Inkwil

Inkwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Innertkirchen

Innertkirchen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Gadmen merged into the municipality of Innertkirchen.


Ins, Switzerland

Ins () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Gaultheria

Gaultheria is a flowering plant genus in the family Ericaceae. "Gaultheria" has 135 species including the Salal, "Gaultheria shallon". "Gaultheria" are shrubs that are related to the blueberry. "Gaultheria" is commonly called wintergreen. The genus was described by Pehr Kalm.

Interlaken

Interlaken is a town and municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is an important and well-known tourist destination in the Bernese Oberland region of the Swiss Alps, and the main transport gateway to the mountains and lakes of that region. In 2018, 5,610 people lived there.

The town is on the Bödeli between two lakes Brienz and Thun.


Leopold, Duke of Lorraine

Léopold, I Duke of Lorraine (11 September 1679 – 27 March 1729) nicknamed "the Good", was the ruling Duke of Lorraine and Bar from 1690 to his death. He was named in honour of his uncle Holy Roman Emperor Leopold I. He was also responsible for the creation of the Château de Lunéville which was used as the ducal residence during his lifetime. 

The eldest son of Eleanor of Austria and Charles V of Lorraine, He was from a long established House of Lorraine which had ruled over the small sovereign Duchy of Lorraine since 1473. 

He was in exile and Lorraine was occupied by France until 30 October 1697, when it was returned to Leopold; it was again occupied by France from 1702 to 1714, although the duke remained in place. Following Leopold's death, his wife would act as regenbt for their son Francis until he gained his majority. 

Leopold married Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans, a niece of Louis XIV of France. The match was designed to improve relations between Lorraine and its larger and more powerful neighbour. (Lorraine having been for many years in the possession of France) 
Leopold and Élisabeth Charlotte was finally married on 13 October 1698 at the Palace of Fontainebleau, Élisabeth Charlotte was given a large dowry. The couple eventually had 14 children in total, even though Leopold would often see his mistress the wife of Marc de Beauvau known as the "Princess of Craon". 


Having worked hard to restore the duchy throughout his reign as a result of it being destroyed by the various wars throughout Leopold's life. 

In March 1729, Leopold caught a fever while walking at the Château at Ménil near Lunéville. He returned to Lunéville where he died on 27 March, aged 49.

List of comuni of the Province of Macerata

The following is a list of the 40 "comuni" of the Province of Macerata, Marche, in Italy.

Joe Pavelski

Joe Pavelski is an American profesional ice hockey player. He currently plays for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL) where he is the alternate captain. He has also played for the San Jose Sharks. He was the captain of the Sharks from 2015 until 2019.

On July 1, 2019, he signed a three-year, $21 million contract with the Dallas Stars.

Pavelski has also played international hockey for the United States men's national ice hockey team. He won a silver medal with them at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.


Agnetha Fältskog

Agnetha Åse Fältskog (, born 5 April 1950) is a Swedish musician, singer, songwriter, actress, and author. She became successful in Sweden after the release of her debut album "Agnetha Fältskog" in 1968, and reached international stardom as a member of the pop group ABBA.

After the break-up of ABBA, Fältskog found some success as a solo artist in the 1980s. Fältskog stopped recording music for almost 17 years until she released a new album in 2004.

Björn Ulvaeus

Björn Kristian Ulvaeus (credited as Björn Ulvæus ; born 25 April 1945) is a Swedish songwriter, producer, a former member of the Swedish musical group ABBA (1972–1982), and co-composer of the musicals "Chess", "Kristina från Duvemåla", and "Mamma Mia!". He co-produced the movie "Mamma Mia!" with fellow ABBA member and close friend Benny Andersson.

Dynamo Dresden

Sportgemeinschaft Dynamo Dresden e.V. (usually just called SG Dynamo Dresden or Dynamo Dresden) is a professional association football club from Dresden, Saxony, Germany. They currently play in the 2. Bundesliga.

The club was founded on 12 April 1953 as a club affiliated with the East German police. They became one of the most successful clubs in East Germany, winning 8 DDR-Oberliga titles. After the German reunification, they played in the Bundesliga for a few seasons, but they have drifted between the 2. Bundesliga and the Regionalliga Nordost.

Their main rivals are Berliner FC Dynamo, Lokomotive Leipzig, Chemnitzer, Sachsen Leipzig, Erzgebirge Aue and Dresdner. Also, their main colours are yellow and black (previously the colours were green and white).



Chromophore

A chromophore is the part of a molecule responsible for its colour.

The colour is caused when a molecule absorbs certain wavelengths of visible light. It transmits or reflects only other wavelengths, which causes the colour we see.

In biological molecules that capture or detect light energy, the chromophore is the part of the molecule which responds when hit by light.

Chromophores make the colour in chromatophores, which are the pigment-containing and light-reflecting cells found in many animals.

Himeros

Himeros (Ancient Greek: Ἱμερος "uncontrollable desire") is the god of sexual desire or unrequited love. He is one of the Erotes.

Himeros is shown to carry a bow and arrow. He created desire and passion in mortals. He is often depicted as a young man or child.

His parents are Ares and Aphrodite and he's brothers with Eros, his twin brother. His other siblings include Pothos, Anteros, Hermaphroditus, Hedylogos, Phobos, Deimos and Harmonia.


Harpers Ferry, West Virginia

Harpers Ferry is a historic town in Jefferson County, West Virginia, United States. In some cases the name Harper's Ferry has been spelled using an apostrophe. Harpers Ferry sits at the confluence of the Potomac and Shenandoah Rivers. This is where the U.S. states of Maryland, Virginia and West Virginia meet. It is the easternmost town in West Virginia. The original, lower section of the town is located on a low-lying floodplain created by the two rivers. It is surrounded by higher ground on all sides. Historically, Harpers Ferry is best known for John Brown's raid on the Armory in 1859 and its role in the American Civil War. During the war, between 1861 and 1865, the town changed hands between Union and Confederate forces 14 times. The Battle of Harpers Ferry resulted in the largest surrender by Union Army soldiers in the Civil War.

The population was 269 at the 2020 census.

Battle of Harpers Ferry

The Battle of Harpers Ferry was fought September 12–15, 1862. It was part of the Maryland Campaign of the American Civil War. As Gen. Robert E. Lee's Confederate army invaded Maryland, a portion of his army under Major General Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson was sent to capture Harpers Ferry. His troops surrounded, bombarded, and captured the Union garrison at Harpers Ferry, Virginia (now West Virginia). This was a major victory at relatively minor cost.

During the Maryland Campaign of 1862, Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia advanced north through the Shenandoah Valley into Maryland. Lee planned to capture the garrison at Harpers Ferry to secure his line of supply back to Virginia. The Confederate Army was being pursued at a leisurely pace by Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan's Army of the Potomac. Even though the Union Army outnumbering him more than two to one, Lee chose the risky strategy of dividing his army. He sent one portion to converge and attack Harpers Ferry from three directions. Col. Dixon S. Miles, Union commander at Harpers Ferry, insisted on keeping most of the troops near the town instead of taking up commanding positions on the surrounding heights. He had been ordered by McClellan to hold the town until McClellan could send more soldiers.

The slim defenses of the most important position, Maryland Heights, first encountered the approaching Confederate on September 12. But there was only a brief skirmishing. Strong attacks by two Confederate brigades on September 13 drove the Union troops from the heights.

During the fighting on Maryland Heights, the other Confederate columns arrived. They were astonished to see that critical positions to the west and south of town were not defended. Jackson methodically positioned his artillery around Harpers Ferry and ordered Maj. Gen. A.P. Hill to move down the west bank of the Shenandoah River in preparation for a flank attack on the Federal left the next morning. By the morning of September 15, Jackson had positioned nearly 50 guns on Maryland Heights and at the base of Loudoun Heights. He began a fierce artillery barrage from all sides and ordered an infantry assault. Miles realized that the situation was hopeless. He agreed with his subordinates to raise the white flag of surrender. Before he could surrender personally, he was mortally wounded by an artillery shell and died the next day. After processing more than 12,000 Union prisoners, Jackson's men then rushed to Sharpsburg, Maryland, to rejoin Lee for the Battle of Antietam.


Giumaglio

Giumaglio is a village and former municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Aurigeno, Coglio, Giumaglio, Lodano, Moghegno and Someo merged into the new municipality of Maggia.

Maryland Campaign

The Maryland Campaign (September 4, 1862–September 20, 1862), also called the Antietam Campaign, was a series of four battles in West Virginia and Maryland initiated by Confederate General Robert E. Lee. It was considered as one of the major turning points in the Civil War for the Union. The goal was for Lee's army to invade the Northern states of Maryland and Pennsylvania. That way he could threaten the cities of Washington, D.C. and Baltimore. By a series of decisive victories Lee thought that the South could gain recognition from England and France and get them to support the Southern cause. The hope was if Lee was victorious, it might cause Abraham Lincoln to sue for peace.

During the summer of 1862, the hopes of the North that the rebellion could be easily crushed were quickly fading. In July, Major General George B. McClellan's defeated attempt to capture the Southern capital at Richmond, Virginia failed. Near the end of August, the Second Battle of Bull Run was another Confederate victory. The Union armies retreated back to Washington, D.C. only a few miles away. In the West, Confederate offensives were proving to be successful. This was causing poor morale among the Union army soldiers.

Lee divided his Army of Northern Virginia into five smaller armies or columns. Three he sent with General "Stonewall" Jackson to attack and hold Harpers Ferry. This way Jackson could control the Shenandoah Valley.
The town of Harpers Ferry, Virginia (now West Virginia), sits at the confluence of the Potomac and Shenandoah Rivers. It is surrounded by high cliffs on three sides making it nearly impossible to defend. Col. Dixon S. Miles, Union commander at Harpers Ferry, kept most the troops near the town instead of taking up commanding positions on the surrounding heights. Jackson put artillery on all the heights and bombarded the garrison. Miles decided to surrender the more than 12,000 men. As he debated with his officers over the decision, Miles was struck by a shell that shattered his left leg, a wound that proved fatal. Jackson then took possession of Harper’s Ferry before joining the rest of Lee’s army at Sharpsburg, He left General A.P. Hill’s division at the garrison to guard the prisoners.

This skirmish took place in Maryland. While most of Lee's army was attacking Harpers Ferry, the rest moved into Maryland with Major General George B. McClellan's Army of the Potomac closely behind them. At Frederick, Maryland the Union army caught up with Lee and the fighting began on South Mountain. It was a natural formation that separated the Shenandoah and Cumberland Valleys from eastern Maryland. Several battles were fought that day over possession of South Mountain. The Confederates were driven back with a large number of casualties. McClellan could have destroyed Lee's army but he waited giving Lee the time to regroup. 

The Battle of Antietam, also called the Battle of Sharpsburg, was not only the bloodiest day of the American Civil War, it was the single bloodiest day in American history. Most of the fighting occurred on September 17, 1862 between Antietam Creek and the town of Sharpsburg, Maryland. The events leading to the battle were somewhat strange. Earlier, a copy of Order No. 191 had been used to bundle a Confederate officer's cigars. It was dropped and found by Union soldiers. They were taken to McClellan who now knew exactly what Lee's battle plan was. However, a Southern sympathizer told Lee that McClellan had a copy of the order. So McClellan's advantage was lost. Because McClellan took his time after the Battle of South Mountain, Lee regrouped around Sharpsburg. The battles started on the morning of the 16th. By evening, there was still no clear-cut winner. Both sides were badly bloodied. 

Also called the Battle of Botelier's Ford, this battle took place in Jefferson County, West Virginia. As Lee's army retreated south, Union troops under Major General Fitz John Porter's caught up with Lee's rearguard. While troops were still crossing the Potomac they were attacked by General William Pendleton's Confederates. This discouraged the Union command from following the Confederate retreat any further.

A little over a month later, President Lincoln relieved McClellan of command for failing to follow and destroy Lee's army. Major General Ambrose E. Burnside took over command of the Army of the Potomac.


Ipsach

Ipsach is a municipality in the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Iseltwald

Iseltwald is a village and municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is located on the southern of Lake Brienz.


Time in Egypt

Egypt observes Eastern European Time (UTC+2) all year round, the same time as neighboring Libya. On April 29, 2016, Egypt announced it was going to re-introduce daylight saving time (DST) on July 7 at 00:00 (), but on July 4, 2016, the Egyptian government announced that DST will not be observed in 2016.

Egypt first observed DST in 1940, but ended in 1945. DST was re-introduced in 1957, and the country continued to observe it until 2010.

Egypt formally observed daylight saving time from the last Friday of April until the first Friday of October. However, because of Ramadan, the dates varied, in 2006, it ended on September 22, in 2007 on September 7, and in 2008 on August 29. In 2010, Ramadan was completely changed to inside "summer".

On April 20, 2011, Egypt stopped observed summer time. EET was then used all year, with no summer time change.

In May 2014, daylight saving time was re-introduced in the country. DST started on Friday, May 16, with the period stopped during Ramadan, and then ended on Friday, September 26, but was abolished in 2015. In April 2016, it was announced DST will start on Friday, July 8, and end on Friday, October 28, but it was cancelled by the Egyptian government on July 4, 2016.

Mithankot

Mithankot (Urdu: مِٹهن كوٹ) is a city in southern Punjab, Pakistan. Mithankot is located on the right (west) bank of the Indus River, only a short distance downstream from its junction with Panjnad River.

Moscow Time

Moscow Time is , the same time as Eastern European Summer Time, East Africa Time, and Arabia Standard Time.

On 28 March 2010, Moscow Time became the time zone for the Samara Oblast in Russia, leaving Samara Time () unused.

On 8 February 2011, the Russian government announced the abandonment of daylight saving time (DST) in all time zones across Russia. Moscovians set their clocks forward on 27 March 2011, and then UTC+04:00 became its standard time permanently.

In July 2014, the law to observe summer time year round was abandoned, and the clock has been set to UTC+3 starting from 26 October 2014.

The time zone database is Europe/Moscow.

Siti Musdah Mulia

Siti Musdah Mulia (born March 3, 1958 in Bone, South Sulawesi Selatandari) is an Indonesian professor of religion and an activist for women's rights. In 2007 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Mulia came from a family with a strong religious tradition. She went to an Islamic boarding school. Her father and father-in-law are Islamic religious leaders. 
Mulia's father was H. Mustamin Abdul Fatah, a battalion commander in Darul Islam the insurgent Islamic State led by Abdul Kahar Muzakkar. Her mother was Hj. Buaidah Achmad, the first girl in her village to graduate from an Islamic boarding school, Pesantren Darud Da'wah wal Irshad in Pare-Pare. 

Mulia graduated from As`adiyah Islmaic high school in South Sulawesi in 1973. In 1997, she received a Doctor of Philosophy degree in Islamic political thought from the State Islamic University. She was the first woman to receive this degree.

In 1999, Mulia became a research professor at the Indonesian Institute of Sciences. She is also a professor of Islamic Political Thought at the School of Graduate Studies of Syarif Hidayatullah State Islamic University in Jakarta, Indonesia.

From 1999 to 2007 Mulia was the senior advisor of the Minister of Religious Affairs. In 2004 this group started to write the Compilation of Islamic Law. This draft of Indonesia’s Islamic code included banning polygamy and child marriage. Because of this, Mulia got death threats.

From 2000 to 2005 Malia was head of the Council of Indonesian Ulema.

Malia believes in "the right of women to interpret Islamic teachings, the right of women to become an ulema, and the right of women to correct religious missions". 

Mulia is the author of many books. 



Shenandoah River

The Shenandoah River is a tributary of the Potomac River, long with two forks approximately long each. One is in the U.S. states of Virginia while the other in West Virginia. 

The river and its tributaries drain the central and lower Shenandoah River valley. They also drain the Page Valley in the Appalachians on the west side of the Blue Ridge Mountains, in northwestern Virginia and the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia.

The Shenandoah Valley sits on limestone. The fertile soil made it an attractive place for early settlement. It continues to be a major agricultural area of Virginia and West Virginia. 

Some karst topography is evident, and the limestone has a great number of caves. Several have been developed as commercial tourist attractions. These include Luray Caverns, Shenandoah Caverns, and the Skyline Caverns.

On the riverbank a few miles above Harpers Ferry, West Virginia is said to be a cave with an opening just large enough for a rider on horseback to squeeze through. It widened in the interior to a spacious room where hundreds of Col. John Mosby's raiding troops are said to have hidden from pursuing Union cavalry.

Ittigen

Ittigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

The municipality was formed in 1983 when it and Ostermundigen were separated from territory once part of Bolligen.
Since 1991, Ittigen expanded its source of budget to the highway resting site parking fees. The well known example is the resting site Grauholz. As it is very pioneeric economic area, world rare and extraordinary, at the same time but controversy, it has been published in several newspaper articles. The municipality maintains the income source up to nowadays.


Langnau bei Reiden

Langnau bei Reiden is a village and former municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Langnau bei Reiden and Richenthal merged into the municipality of Reiden.

Kottwil

Kottwil is a village and former municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Since 2006, it is part of the municipality of Ettiswil.

Dixon S. Miles

Dixon Stansbury Miles (May 4, 1804–September 16, 1862) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He commanded a division in the First Battle of Bull Run. He was the commander of the Federal arsenal at Harpers Ferry during the Battle of Harpers Ferry. He died from shrapnel wounds the day after the Union garrison surrendered.

Miles was born in Baltimore, Maryland on May 4, 1804. He was a cadet at the United States Military Academy at West Point from June 24, 1819, to July 1, 1824. He was commissioned a brevet second lieutenant in the 7th Infantry Regiment. Nine years later Miles was promoted to first lieutenant in 1833 and captain in 1836. He served as Assistant Quartermaster from January 16, 1839 to September 30, 1845. In 1846, he served in the Mexican–American War. At the Siege of Fort Texas he was cited for Gallantry and "Meritorious Conduct" in the defense of Fort Texas and was promoted to the rank of major.

Miles had achieved the rank of Colonel by 1859. He was stationed at Fort Leavenworth in Kansas when the Civil War began. He was sent to Virginia and placed in command of an infantry brigade under Major general Robert Patterson. Then he was given command of a division under Brigadier general Irvin McDowell. He was at First Battle of Bull Run, but his division was held in reserve. He was then accused of being drunk at the battle. A Court of Inquiry was held and he was found guilty. A court-martial was not held. But Miles was not given another command until March 1862.

At the time he was assigned to the Harpers Ferry Armory, he was 58 years old; the oldest colonel in the Union Army. Miles arrived to take command in the spring of 1862. In 1861 the armory had been burned by Confederates. The town's remaining houses, mills and churches served as hospitals, barracks and stables. Most of the population was gone. But it was still an important base of supply for the Union. By September 1862, Miles had 14,000 men at Harpers Ferry. On September 12, 1862 Brigadier general Julius White arrived. But because he had no military experience, Colonel Miles remained in command. On September 5, Miles had been given very specific orders by his superior, Major general John E. Wool, "you will not abandon Harpers Ferry without defending it to the last extremity." As if the message was not specific enough, Wool sent another saying "there must be no abandoning of a post, and shoot the first man that thinks of it". Miles wired back saying he was ready for them. But for some reason Miles insisted on keeping most of the troops near the town instead of taking up commanding positions on the surrounding heights. 

As Confederate General Robert E. Lee moved North in his Maryland Campaign of 1862, he split his forces. Lee sent Major General (CSA) Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson to capture and hold Harpers Ferry. His troops found the heights unguarded and placed artillery in a position to bombard the town. Early on September 15, Miles gathered his officers together. They were surrounded and nearly out of ammunition. At around 9:00 a.m., white flags were raised by the Union troops indicating their surrender. A few minutes later a Confederate shell exploded mortally wounding Miles. He died the next day. General White, the second in command, arranged for the surrender. It was the largest capture of Union soldiers during the war. Jackson captured over 12,700 men, 13,000 arms and 47 artillery pieces. Miles was blamed for the surrender.

Monte Vettore

Monte Vettore (; "victorious") is a mountain on the border between Umbria and the Marche, in Central Italy.

It is the highest mountain in the Marche region and in the province of Ascoli Piceno.

The mountain is part of the Sibillini Mountains (), a mountain group in Italy, part of the central Apennines between eastern Umbria and the Marche. It is in the "Sibillini Mountains National Park" ().

Below the peak, in a small enclosed U-shaped valley is one lake called the "Lago di Pilato", at an altitude of . Even if it is a small lake ( in diameter), it is important for biologists; a fresh water shrimp, "Chirocephalus marchesonii", is endemic to this lake.

Today climbers reach it from the Umbrian side from Norcia, a town and "comune" in the province of Perugia (Italy) in southeastern Umbria or, on the Marche side, from Ascoli Piceno.



2016 Stanley Cup Finals

The 2016 Stanley Cup finals is the 123rd Stanley Cup trophy presentations as well as the champions of the 2015-16 NHL season. It featured the Pittsburgh Penguins and the San Jose Sharks. This was the Sharks first ever appearance in a Stanley Cup final and the Penguins 5th time in a Stanley Cup finals.

The Penguins beat the Sharks winning the series in game 6 at SAP Center, 3-1.

Years in boldface under the "Finals appearance" column signify the player won the Stanley Cup in the given year.

List of Italian regions by highest point

This is a list of Italian regions by highest point.

ˈ

Hochdorf District

Hochdorf is a district of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. The capital is the municipality of Hochdorf.

It contains the following municipalities:


Howards End

Howards End is a novel by E. M. Forster, first published in 1910. it is about social conventions, personal relationships and conflicting values in Edwardian England.

Some people think "Howards End" was Forster's best piece of work. In 1998, the Modern Library ranked "Howards End" 38th on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century. It was adapted into a film in 1992 starring Anthony Hopkins, Vanessa Redgrave, Emma Thompson, and Helena Bonham Carter. It was directed by James Ivory. It was nominated for 9 Academy Awards and won 3 Academy Awards.

Jaberg

Jaberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Jegenstorf

Jegenstorf (Bernese German: "Jegischtorf") is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipality of Ballmoos merged into the municipality of Jegenstorf. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Münchringen and Scheunen merged into the municipality of Jegenstorf.


Kallnach

Kallnach () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Niederried bei Kallnach merged into the municipality of Kallnach and on 1 January 2019, the former municipality of Golaten merged into the municipality of Kallnach.


Kandergrund

Kandergrund is a municipality in the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Kandersteg

Kandersteg is a municipality in the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is along the valley of the river Kander, west of the Jungfrau massif.


Altwis

Altwis was a municipality in Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Altwis became a part of Hitzkirch.

Bouillabaisse

Bouillabaisse is a French fisherman's soup. This traditional Provençal fish stew originated in the port of Marseille. The word is a compound of "bolhir" (to boil) and "abaissar" (to reduce heat, i.e., simmer).

It was a stew made by Marseille fishermen using the bony rockfish they were unable to sell. As well as fish, the soup has mussels (fr: "moules") and may have other marine invertebrates. Vegetables such as leeks, onions, tomatoes, celery, and potatoes are simmered together with the broth and served with the fish.

The broth is traditionally served with a rouille, a mayonnaise made of olive oil, garlic, saffron, and cayenne pepper on grilled slices of bread.

In Marseille, the broth is served first in a soup plate with slices of bread and "rouille", then the fish is served separately on a large platter (see image). A simpler version has the fish and broth brought to the table separately and served together in large soup plates.

Sword Art Online

"Sword Art Online" was commercially successful. According to Oricon, SAO was the top selling light novel series of 2012. More than 16 million copies of the light novel has been printed. The novel was later acted into a Japanese Anime.

An anime television series titled "Sword Art Online" aired in Japan between July and December 2012. It was produced by A-1 Pictures. Its second season called "Sword Art Online II" aired between July and December 2014. The third season of the anime titled "Sword Art Online: Alicization" premiered on October 7, 2018.

Salade niçoise

Salade niçoise is a salad from the district of Nice. It has tomatoes, tuna, hard-boiled eggs, olives, and anchovies. It is dressed with a vinaigrette. It is served with or without a bed of lettuce. The tuna may be cooked or canned.

The salad may include raw red peppers, shallots, artichoke hearts and other seasonal raw vegetables. It does not have cooked vegetables (like green beans and potatoes) which are often served in variations of salade niçoise around the world.

In French cuisine, raw vegetables served as appetisers are known as "crudités".

Light novel

A is a type of Japanese novel. It is mainly intended for young adults to read. They are sometimes adapted into manga and anime.

Ballwil

Ballwil is a municipality of the district Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Punitive damages

Punitive damages are a remedy given by a court of equity in a lawsuit. It is used when a court believes that the defendant needs more punishment to be reformed or stopped from doing the action that caused them to be sued. 

Ilze Jaunalksne

Ilze Jaunalksne is a Latvian journalist for a television news program. In 2007 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Jaualksne reported on political corruption and buying votes. She won a court case against the government.

Kappelen

Kappelen () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Samia al-Amoudi

Samia al-Amoudi () is a Saudi Arabian doctor. In 2007 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

In 2006 al-Amoudi learned she had breast cancer. She fought the cancer and broke the silence about this women's health problem.

Al-Amoudi is an associate professor at King Abdulaziz University in Jeddah and a consultant obstetrician gynecologist. She is also the head of the Women's Health Empowerment Scientific chair for women's health rights.

In 2013 King Abdullah named al-Amouid to the board of directors of the Union for International Cancer Control in Geneva, Switzerland.


Al-Amoudi wrote several books.

Gurzelen

Gurzelen is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Kaufdorf

Kaufdorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Battle of South Mountain

The Battle of South Mountain was fought on September 14, 1862 in Maryland’s South Mountain between Confederate and Union forces. The Battle of South Mountain was a very important battle. It was the first major battle fought north of the Potomac River. It was the first invasion of the Northern United States by a Confederate Army. It was also here and not at Antietam where the Confederates under General Robert E. Lee were defeated and turned back. The day-long pitched battle was fought for control of the three passes through the mountain: Crampton's, Turner's, and Fox's Gaps.

During the summer of 1862, the hopes of the Union that the rebellion could be easily crushed were quickly fading. In July, Major General George B. McClellan failed in his attempt to capture the Southern capital at Richmond, Virginia. Near the end of August, the Second Battle of Bull Run was another defeat for the Union. Shortly after the battle, Lee made his plans to invade the north. Lee led his Army of Northern Virginia into Maryland on September 4, 1862. Lee thought that if he took the Civil War to the Union states, a major victory might convince Great Britain and France to support the South. He also thought it would make the North sue for peace. This would insure the Confederate States of America could remain an independent country.

McClellan remained in command of the Army of the Potomac even though he had failed to support Major General John Pope at the Second Battle of Bull Run. When Lee entered Maryland, in a rare exception to his usual slowness, McClellan moved more quickly to cut him off. Unknown to Lee at the time, a Union soldier had found a copy of Special Order 191. This was Lee's plan to split up his army. McClellan learned Lee had sent General Stonewall Jackson to attack and hold the Harpers Ferry Armory. The information gave McClellan the chance to destroy Lee's army while it was still weakened by Jackson's attack on Harpers Ferry. McClellan learned of Lee's plan on September 13. He boasted "Here is a paper with which if I cannot whip Bobbie Lee, I will be willing to go home." He also sent a telegram to President Lincoln where he wrote, "I have all the plans of the rebels, and will catch them in their own trap if my men are equal to the emergency." But McClellan waited another 18 hours before acting. This delay allowed Lee more time to collect all the elements of his army. As Lee had moved into Maryland, he left detachments to guard two of the passes through South Mountain, Crampton's Gap and Turner's Gap. These were the two most important routes through the 50-mile long South Mountain. Had McClellan moved a little faster, he would have caught Lee's army scattered on the other side of the mountain.

On September 14, the battle took place on three gaps. A few Confederate regiments guarded the two northern gaps, Turner's and Fox's and Crampton's Gap to the south. The Union army advanced from the east and attacked in two waves. The first wave attacked Fox's Gap at about 9 am. Early in the afternoon the second wave hit both Fox's and Turner's Gaps at the same time. Crampton's Gap was attacked in the late afternoon.

The distance between Crampton's and Turner's Gaps is about six miles. The terrain between them made each part of the battle a separate fight. The fighting went on all day at Turner's Gap and all afternoon at Crampton's Gap. Turner's Gap was fought on a larger scale, was more costly and took longer than the other actions. This delaying action was also a large deception by the Confederate forces. The Union forces thought the mountain was swarming with Confederates when in fact only one division guarded the passes until later in the afternoon. Union forces could have easily swept them aside had they known how few there actually were.

McClellan's concentrating his attack on the Confederates on South Mountain meant he did not help the garrison at the Battle of Harpers Ferry. From having a copy of Lee's Special Order 191, McClellan knew Jackson was attacking the Union Forces at Harpers Ferry. What little help he did send arrived too late to prevent the surrender. It also gave Lee the time he needed to gather his forces together at Sharpsburg, Maryland. Had McClellan moved faster and more decisively, the costly Battle of Antietam might never have taken place. Confederate losses for the day amounted to 2,700 soldiers. The Union losses were 2,300 dead or wounded. The Confederates were able to delay McClellan's forces by fiercely defending the gaps. This gave Lee precious time to regroup and move on to Sharpsburg where the Battle of Antietam pitted the two armies against each other again. The battle of South Mountain, however, forced Lee to give up his plans for invading the North and caused him to have to defend his army.

The Civil War Trust (a division of the American Battlefield Trust) and its partners have acquired and preserved 647 acres of the South Mountain battlefield. 


Mariya Ahmed Didi

Mariya Ahmed Didi is a Maldivian representative in the parliament. In 2007 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

In March 2006, the police arrested a female activist at her house late at night, so Didi organized the first women's rights protest in Maldives. 

Kehrsatz

Kehrsatz is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Kernenried

Kernenried is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

It is west of Burgdorf and north-northeast of Berne.


Kienersrüti

Kienersrüti was a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Kienersrüti merged into the municipality of Uttigen.

Hal Robson-Kanu

Thomas Henry Alex "Hal" Robson-Kanu (born on 21 May 1989 in Acton, England, United Kingdom) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger. He currently doesn't play for any club, but has been playing for the Wales national football team since 2010. He has played for England's youth squads, but decided to play for Wales in 2010. He played his first match with Wales against Austria on 18 May 2010.

Hal Robson-Kanu has played with Arsenal, Reading, Southend United on loan and Swindon Town on loan. He won the Football League Championship with Reading during the 2011–12 season.


Neil Taylor (footballer)

Neil John Taylor (born 7 February 1989 in St Asaph, Clwyd, Wales) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a defender. He currently plays for the Premier League club Swansea City and the Wales national football team. He has also played for Manchester City and Wrexham. He is mother is from India, and he is one of the few British Asians in professional football. He was included in Wale's squad for the UEFA Euro 2016.


Burak Yılmaz

Burak Yılmaz (born 15 July 1985 in Antalya, Turkey) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a striker. Since August 2020, he has played for Lille OSC, previously playing for Beijing Guoan. He also plays for the Turkey national team. He has also played for all of the big four clubs in the Turkey: Beşiktaş, Fenerbahçe, Trabzonspor and Galatasaray; along with Antalyaspor, Manisaspor and Eskişehirspor.

He scored his first goal against Karşıyaka during the 2004–05 season.

He is the son of retired goalkeeper Fikret Yılmaz.


Birkir Bjarnason

Birkir Bjarnason (born on 27 May 1988 in Akureyri, Iceland) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder. He currently plays for the Swiss club of FC Basel and the Iceland national team. In his homeland he is nicknamed Thor.

He has also played for Viking FK, FK Bodø/Glimt, Standard Liège, Delfino Pescara 1936 and Sampdoria. He won the Swiss Super League with Basel in 2016.

He was included in Iceland's squad for the UEFA Euro 2016. On 14 June 2016, he scored Iceland's first goal at a major tournament. It was against Portugal, and the game ended in a draw.


Arnór Ingvi Traustason

Arnór Ingvi Traustason (born 30 April 1993) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays for Swedish club IFK Norrköping as a midfielder. He has also played for Knattspyrnudeild Keflavík, Sandnes Ulf, IFK Norrköping, SK Rapid Wien, A.E.K. Athens F.C., Malmö FF, and New England Revolution. He was called the most promising player of the 2013 Úrvalsdeild season.

He also plays for the Iceland national football team. He was included in Iceland's UEFA Euro 2016 squad. On 22 June 2016, he scored against Austria at the 90th minute to win the match for Iceland and send them to the Round of 16.

He won the Allsvenskan with IFK Norrköping in 2015.


Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar

Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar (English: "Hafnarfjörður Gymnastics Club"; usually just called FH) is an Icelandic sports club from Hafnarfjörður. The club competes in football, handball, track and field, and fencing. The men's football team has been one of the most successful Icelandic teams since the early-2000s. They recently won the 2015 Úrvalsdeild.

The club was founded in 1928 as a gymnastics club. FH has since moved into other sports. FH were promoted to the Úrvalsdeild in football for the first time in 1979. After moving up and down through the league system, they finally were promoted to the Úrvalsdeild again in 2000. They won their first Úrvalsdeild title in 2004.

They went on to win the Úrvalsdeild six more times, the Icelandic cup twice, Icelandic league cup six times and the Icelandic super cup six times. They also made multiple appearances in European tournaments.

The team's colours are white and black.


San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge

The San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge is a series of bridges across San Francisco Bay in the U.S. state of California. It is part of Interstate 80 in California. 

It has two spans over water. The western span is a suspension bridge. The eastern span is a self-anchored suspension bridge. The eastern span used to be a cantilever bridge but it was removed once the new bridge opened. The cantilever span was destroyed in the 1989 Loma Prieta Earthquake, which is one of the reasons why the Eastern span was replaced. 

The western span is a double suspension bridge with two decks. Westbound traffic is carried on the upper deck and eastbound on the lower deck. The new east span is a single deck with the eastbound and westbound lanes on each side. It is the world's widest bridge.

Vestmannaeyjar

Vestmannaeyjar (sometimes called the Westman Islands) is a town and archipelago off the south coast of Iceland.

The largest island, Heimaey, has a population of 4,135. The other islands are uninhabited.

The town was evacuated in 1973 because of the Eldfell eruption. The eruption destroyed one fifth of the town before the lava flow was stopped by putting 1.5 billion gallons (6.8 billion litres) of cold water on it.

The islands are named after the Gaelic slaves who had been captured by the Norsemen. The Old Norse word, "Vestmenn" (meaning Westmen), was applied to the slaves and was retained in Icelandic.

After Ingólfr Arnarson first arrived in Iceland, his brother Hjörleifr Hróðmarsson was murdered by the Gaelic slaves. In response, he tracked the slaves down to the islands are murdered all of them, hence the name Vestmannaeyjar (the islands of the west men).

On 16 July 1627, the islands were captured by a group of North African pirates who stayed there until 19 July. They were under control of the Ottomans. The pirates captured 234 people from the islands and took them on a 27-day voyage to Algiers, where most of them spent their life under bondage. One of the prisoners, minister Ólafur Egilsson, returned in 1628 to the islands and wrote a book about his experience. In 1636, a ransom was paid for 34 of the captives, and most of them returned to Iceland. After this, a fort was built on the Helgafell volcano to keep watch for ships.

For centuries, the people who lived on the islands survived from fishing and eating birds and their eggs. At the end of the 19th century, the lifestyle of the islanders greatly improved. In 1904, the first motorised boat was purchased, and more followed soon afterwards. By 1930, the population had risen from 600 in 1900 to 3,470. The islands have since been known for being a great fishing and sea processing developer.

In 2000, the Norwegian government gifted Iceland with the Heimaey stave church. This was to celebrate the conversion of Iceland to Christianity a thousand years earlier.

The Vestmannaeyjar archipelago is geologically young. They have been formed by eruptions over the past 10,000–12,000 years. The volcanic system is made up of 70–80 volcanoes.



Total: 16.3 square kilometres (6.3 sq mi)

There are a total of 15 islands, and about 30 rock stacks and skerries. All islands were formed from underwater eruptions and are made up of palagonite tuff and lava. The oldest island is Heimaey ("Home Island"). Basalt columns can be seen in many places, along with coves caused by soft rock erosion.

The Eldfell eruption caused Heimaey to grow by about 2.1 square kilometres (0.81 sq mi). The highest point in Vestmannaeyjar is at around 900 feet on the Heimaey island.

There is little snow in Vestmannaeyjar, but plenty of rain. Because of this, migrating birds are often seen in spring and leave during autumn. All of Iceland's seabirds can be found in Vestmannaeyjar: the guillemot, gannet, kittiwake, Iceland gull, and puffin. The puffin is the Vestmannaeyjar emblem, and can be seen all around the island.

There are about 150 plant species on the island, along with 80 types of insects. The waters around the island have some of the North Atlantic's richest fishing grounds. The two main commercially used fish in Iceland, the cod and haddock, are found in great amounts near the island. Other types of fish near the islands include flatfish, herring, capelin, lobsters and ocean perch. Seals, small types of whales and other marine species are also present in large numbers around the islands.

The islands receive a lot of rain considering its latitude. Vestmannaeyjar has a tundra climate (closely bordering the subpolar oceanic climate) under the Köppen climate classification. There is a lot of wind on the islands. The highest wind speed recorded in Iceland (61 metres per second;140 mph) was recorded at the southern point of the Heimaey island. However, the island enjoys the highest annual temperature in Iceland.



List of comuni of the Province of Ascoli Piceno

The following is a list of the 33 "comuni" of the Province of Ascoli Piceno, Marche, in Italy.

2015–16 Golden State Warriors season

The 2015-16 Golden State Warriors season was the 70th season for the team as well as the National Basketball Association, and its 54th in San Francisco, California. They entered the season as defending champions and made history as the first 73 win 9 loss team, only behind the Michael Jordan-led 72-10 Bulls.

In the playoffs, they defeated the dysfunctional Houston Rockets (41 wins 41 losses), who they played last year in the WCF'S in 5 games, the Portland Trail Blazers (44 wins 38 losses), also in 5 games, and the Kevin Durant/Russell Westbrook lead Oklahoma City Thunder (55 wins 27 losses) in 7 games. The Warriors however trailed the Thunder 3-1, looking like they were going to be eliminated but however, the Warriors won game 5 120-111, game 6 108-101, and in game 7 96-88. The Warriors became the 10th team to win the series when down 3-1, after last year's Houston Rockets. They would meet the Cleveland Cavaliers again in the NBA Finals. The Warriors were up 3-1 in the series following a game 4 97-108 victory at Quicken Loans Arena. However, they lost game 5 at home 97-112, game 6 101-115, and a game 7 champion decider 89-93. They would become the 11th team to lose while up 3-1 and the first to do it in the NBA Finals. They also became the first playoff team to overcome a 3-1 deficit and blow a 3-1 lead in the same playoff year.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> – Recorded statistics when playing for Golden State

San Mateo–Hayward Bridge

The San Mateo–Hayward Bridge (commonly called the San Mateo Bridge) is a bridge crossing the U.S. state of California's San Francisco Bay. It provides a link of the San Francisco Peninsula with the East Bay. The bridge's west end is in Foster City, a suburb on the eastern edge of San Mateo. The east end of the bridge is in Hayward. It is the longest bridge in California and the 25th longest in the world. The bridge is owned by the state of California, and is maintained by Caltrans, the state highway agency. It is also managed by the Bay Area Toll Authority.

The bridge is part of State Route 92, whose western end is at Half Moon Bay on the Pacific coast. It links Interstate 880 in the East Bay with U.S. Route 101 on the Peninsula. It is roughly parallel to and lies between the San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge and the Dumbarton Bridge. Drivers sometimes use it to avoid traffic delays on the other two bridges.

Drivers have to pay a toll when they drive west on the bridge (from Hayward to San Mateo). Tolls are collected at a toll plaza on the east side of the bridge. All toll is collected electronically since 2020. Drivers can use the FasTrak electronic toll collection device, pay online, or pay automatically when a machine scans their license plate. Since 2022, the toll rate for passenger cars is $7.


Heimaey

Heimaey (English: "Home Island") is an island in Iceland. It is the largest island in the Vestmannaeyjar archipelago (at 13.4 square kilometres or 5.2 sq mi.) The island is 7.4 kilometers (4.6 miles) away from the south coast of Iceland. It is the only populated island in the Vestmannaeyjar archipelago, with a population of 4,500 people.


Kolbeinn Sigþórsson

Kolbeinn Sigþórsson (born 14 March 1990 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is an Icelandic footballer who currently plays as a striker. He plays for the French club FC Nantes and the Iceland national football team. He has also played for Knattspyrnufélagið Víkingur, Handknattleiksfélag Kópavogs, AZ Alkmaar, AFC Ajax and Jong Ajax. He was included in Iceland's UEFA Euro 2016 squad.



Rúnar Kristinsson

Rúnar Kristinsson (born 5 September 1969 in Reykjavik, Iceland) is an Icelandic former association football midfielder who played for Lokeren, Lillestrøm SK, Örgryte IS and KR Reykjavík. He's currently the manager of the Norwegian club Lillestrøm.

He first began playing football at the small club of Leiknir, before he started practicing at KR Reykjavík, Iceland's largest club. He spent most of his youth career at KR Reykjavik. His skill attracted interest from foreign clubs, and he eventually went to the Swedish club of Örgryte IS in 1995. Halfway through the season, he moved to Lillestrøm SK in Norway. Rúnar was a success there, and moved to K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen in Belgium in 2000.

He decided to move back to KR Reykjavík in 2007 to finish off his career. He took over as head coach at KR halfway through the 2010 season and managed the team for four seasons. During that time, KR Reykjavík won two league titles (2011 and 2013) and three cup titles (2011, 2012 and 2014). Rúnar left KR November 2014, to manage his former club Lillestrøm SK.

He has made a record 104 appearances for Iceland, along with 3 goals. He was captain of the team in 11 matches, but retired from international football in 2004.




Kingdom of Iceland

The Kingdom of Iceland (Icelandic: "Konungsríkið Ísland"; Danish: "Kongeriget Island") was a constitutional monarchy that had a personal union with Denmark. The kingdom was created on 1 December 1918. It lasted until 17 June 1944 when a national referendum created the Republic of Iceland.

The Act of Union, signed on 1 December 1918, allowed Iceland to create its own flag, declared its neutrality and asked Denmark to help with its foreign affairs and defense interests.

The Nazi German occupation of Denmark in the early-1940s broke off their communications. As a result, the Althing named themselves the head of state and said that Iceland would no longer need Denmark's help. The island was later occupied by British and American forces. This lasted until World War II ended.

The monarchy held an constitutional referendum from 20 and 23 May 1944. The option to establish a new republican constitution won with 98.5% of the vote. Christian X of Denmark sent a message of congratulations to the Icelandic people.

Steyr AUG

The AUG (Armee-Universal-Gewehr—"universal army rifle") is an Austrian bullpup 5.56×45mm NATO assault rifle. It was designed in 1977 by Steyr Mannlicher GmbH & Co KG (formerly Steyr-Daimler-Puch).


Emmen, Switzerland

Emmen is a city in Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Kiesen

Kiesen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Xiumin

Kim Min-seok (born March 26, 1990) known by his artistic name Xiumin is a singer, dancer, model and actor South Korean. He is a member of the boy band EXO.

Xiumin was born in Guri, Gyeonggi, South Korea on March 26, 1990. He was a student of the Catholic Kwandong University where he attended a seminar and gave a presentation to students of applied music. Xiumin attended at the same school in where studying Dongwoo of INFINITE.

Xiumin is trained in martial arts and is competent in Kendo, Wushu, Taekwondo and fencing.

In 2008, at the age of 18, he joined S.M. Entertainment after winning second place in S.M. Everysing Contest. Xiumin was the seventh member to be revealed as a member of the EXO group after making a teaser set with Kai on January 26, 2012.

In 2013, Xiumin appeared in the video for "Gone" by Lovelyz's Jin, with to the actress Kim Yoo-jung.

In January 2015, the acted in the musical S.M. Entertainment "School Oz" acting the role of Aquila along with f(x)'s Luna, Shinee's Key, fellow Suho, TVXQ's Changmin and Red Velvet's Seulgi.

In October, 2015, Xiumin was the main protagonist of the web-drama "Falling for Challenge" together with Kim So-eun. He released the "You Are The One" OST for the drama.


Kirchberg, Bern

Kirchberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Mama

Mama (stylized as MAMA) is the first mini-album of South Korean band EXO, produced and released by S.M. Entertainment on April 9, 2012. It has two editions: by EXO-K Korean version and the Chinese version by EXO-M. The album made its debut at position number one on Gaon Chart.

The album was produced by Lee Soo-man, who is also the main producer of the group. The title of the album is a term that is commonly used in Korea in one person in the family, similar to "your Highness" or "your Majesty". The main single was composed by Yoo Young-jin, who is also the co-author of other singles of the mini album, "What Is Love" and "History"


Oh Se-hun

Oh Se-hun (hangul: 오세훈; hanja: 吳世勳; born April 12, 1994 in Seoul) better known by the mononym Sehun is a South Korean singer, rapper, dancer, model and actor. Since 2012, he is a member of the boy band EXO under S.M. Entertainment.

Sehun was born in Jungnang-gu, Seoul, South Korea on April 12, 1994. He was discovered by a talent agent when he was twelve years old. He joined SM Entertainment after a successful audition on Casting System in 2008.

He was introduced as a Exo's member on January 10, 2012. In april. It officially debuted with the extended play, "Mama". Still in April, along with Baekhyun, Chanyeol and Kai, appeared in the video of Girls' Generation-TTS's debut song. On August 17, 2012, he performed with his labelmate, BoA at "Music Bank" as a dancer in the song "Only One," after Yunho, Eunhyuk and Taemin. In July 2013, he starred in the second episode of the sitcom "Royal Villa", along with Chanyeol. In August 2014, he starred in the remake of the music video for "Yo!" made for "". In March 2015, appeared in the music video of Donghae & Eunhyuk's song, "Can You Feel It?". In April of the same year, she starred alongside the other EXO members the web series "EXO Next Door", also starring actress Moon Ga-young. In May of 2015, appeared in the music video of BoA's "Who Are You?".

In March 2016, Sehun was confirmed as the male lead in the Korean-Chinese film "Catman", playing Liang Qu. In July 2016, he was introduced as the male lead in the Korean-Chinese web-drama "Dear Archimedes". In September 2017, he was confirmed as a cast member at the Netflix variety show, "Busted!". In February of 2018, he obtained his role as protagonist of "Dokgo Rewind", where he plays two twins: Kang Hyuk, a wrestler and Kang Hoo, a shy student. In June 2018, he starred in the web drama "Secret Queen Makers", produced by Lotte Duty Free. On September 14, he released "We Young" along with Chanyeol as part of Station X 0.

In January 2016, UNICEF and Louis Vuitton have teamed up for the Make a Promise campaign, Irene Bae and Sehun as role models on the February cover of CeCi magazine. For this campaign, 40 percent of the profits of Louis Vuitton silver bracelet and necklace Sehun and Irene used in the magazine will go to UNICEF to help children in need. Sehun said: "I want to buy treats for the children and help them not lose hope." Irene added: "I want to continue to participate in campaigns like 'make a promise' to help the children."


Kai

Kim Jong-in (born January 14, 1994) better known by his stage name Kai is a South Korean singer, model, actor, and dancer. He is a member of the boy band Exo. He began his acting career at "Choco Bank" in February 2016, playing Kim Eun-haeng. He debuted as solo artist in 2020 Nov 30th with the extended play "KAI", which holds world record for most #1 on iTunes Worldwide for an extended play for a solo artist. A year later on the same exact day, he released his 2nd EP "Peaches".

Kai was born in Suncheon, South Jeolla, South Korea on January 14, 1994. He is the younger brother of three children, began dancing when he was eight years old and did jazz and ballet for four years. Kai joined SM Entertainment in 2007 after winning the 10th S.M. Youth Best Contest when he was 13 years old.

In 2008, he made a brief appearance on TVXQ's song "HaHaHa Song" together with Suho and Chanyeol.

Kai was the first Exo's member to be formally presented to the public on December 23, 2011. Along with Luhan, Chen and Tao made their first television performance at the SBS Gayo Daejun event on December 29 of the same year. In April. It officially debuted with the extended play, "Mama". Still in April, along with Baekhyun, Chanyeol and Sehun, appeared in the video of Girls' Generation-TTS's debut song "Twinkle". On October 16, it was announced that he would participate in the 6-member dance group Younique Unit, alongside Eunhyuk, Hyoyeon, Taemin, Henry Lau and Luhan performing the song "Maxstep" for the album "PYL Younique Album", being an album collaboration between SM Entertainment and Hyundai. A video teaser of the song was shown on the "PYL Younique Show" the next day. In December 2012, along with Lay, Yunho, Eunhyuk, Donghae, Minho and Taemin, they formed the SM performance group The Performance. The group's first appearance was at the SBS Gayo Daejun event on December 29, with the release of the single "Spectrum" the next day.


Suho

Kim Jun-myeon (born May 22, 1991), better known by his stage name Suho, is a South Korean singer-songwriter and actor. He is a member of the South Korean boy band EXO.

Suho was born on May 22, 1991 in Seoul, South Korea. He joined S.M. Entertainment through S.M. Casting System when he was 15 years old. He spent seven years there but was inactive for a year because he had injured his leg. He attended Seoul Performing Arts High School and Korea National University of Arts.

He was the ninth member to be revealed on February 14, 2012 as the leader of EXO subunit; EXO- K. He appeared in the teaser number 16 with his bandmate D.O.

He began acting in 2007. He had a part in the Movie Super Junior "Attack on the Pin-Up Boys" as an extra. He appeared in the music video of TVXQ's "HAHAHA Song" in 2008. In 2013, he was in the drama "Prime Minister and I" as Han Tae-woong in episodes 10 and 12. In the same year, he was a voice actor in "Saving Santa" with Eunji of Apink, From February 2014 to December of 2013, he was the host of the musical program "Inkigayo" along with his bandmate Baekhyun.

In January 2015, Suho played the role of Hans in the musical "School Oz." It was produced by S.M. EntertainmentHis bandmate Xiumin and several S.M. artists including Key, Luna and Seulgi also performed .

In April 2015, he starred in the movie "Glory Days" as Ji-soo and Shinwa's member Dongwan.

From April 10 to May 1, 2015, Suho was on the KBS television program "Fluttering India" with other artists including Kyuhyun, Minho, Sungkyu and Lee Jong-hyun.

In February 2016, Suho made ​​a special appearance in the music video of Jo Kwon. It was their debut single as a solo singer, "Crossroad". In April of the same year, it was announced that Suho be a part of the web drama "How Are You Bread". The series was broadcast in Korea and China during the middle of 2016.


Lay Zhang

Zhāng Yìxīng (hangul: 장이씽; hanja: 张艺兴; born in Changsha on October 7, 1991) better known by his stage name Lay (hangul: 레이) is a Chinese rapper, singer, songwriter, dancer and actor. He became known after participating in a television program called "Star Academy" in 2005. He joined in EXO on January 2012, as main dancer, lead vocalist, sub rapper and visual member. In September of 2015, he published his autobiography, titled "Standing Firm At 24", beating records of book sold more in its pre-sale.

Lay was born on October 7, 1991 in Changsha, Hunan, China. His first television role was at the age of six starring as Huan Huan in "We The People" in 1998. In 2000, when he was nine years old, he participated in a Chinese television program as a member of the fan club of actor and singer Jimmy Lin, giving him his first contact with the entertainment industry. Lay began his career as a local children's star in Hunan province, after winning third place in a contest organized by the popular television program "Star Academy" in 2005. He also appeared in an episode of "Yue Ce Yue Xin Kai" and the variety show of Liu Na, "Na Ke Bu Yi Yang" between 2005 and 2006. In April 2006, he auditioned for the series "The Duke of Mount Deer" directed by Zhang Jizhong. Despite being one of the finalists, he did not win the role. In 2008, Lay joined S.M. Entertainment after a successful audition in Changsha. At the time of the auditions, he was sixteen and was studying for his university entrance exams when he had become an apprentice, so he moved to Korea to begin his training. Prior to that, he studied at High School Attached to Hunan Normal University, where he had been presented as an exceptional student for his achievements.

In 2011, before debuting with EXO, he worked briefly with SHINee during the concert tour, replacing Jonghyun in her dance performance.

Lay became the sixth member of EXO and was formally presented to the public on January 17, 2012, debuting as the fourth Chinese member of the EXO-M subunit. Following the release of the singles "What Is Love" and "History" in 2012, he and the other eleven members celebrated their pre-debut showcase at the Seoul Olympic Stadium on March 31, and a second showcase and press conference in Beijing at the Great Hall of the Beijing University of Business and International Economics. The group officially debuted on April 8, 2012 with their song titled "Mama", and EXO-M's first performance in China was at the 12th Yinyue Fengyun Bang Awards.

In December 2012, Lay joined the musical project S.M. the Performance, along with his bandmate Kai and his colleagues Yunho, Eunhyuk, Donghae, Minho and Taemin. On December 29, the group performed the single "Spectrum", which was released the next day, in "2012 SBS Gayo Daejeon".

In early 2014, Lay composed and performed the song "I'm Lay" for his solo performance during the first EXO tour titled The Lost Planet. Later in 2014, he performed another song titled "I'm Coming" on a special end-of-year TV show on Hunan TV.

In April 2015, S.M. Entertainment announced that a personal study had been established for Lay's activities in China. In May 2015, he became a cast member of the Chinese program "Go Fighting!" In June 2015, Lay composed the song "Promise" for the re-release of EXO's second studio album, "Love Me Right". He also wrote the lyrics for the Chinese version of the song, while the Korean version was co-written by Chen and Chanyeol.

On September 18, 2015, the limited edition of his autobiography entitled "Standing Firm At 24" was published, while the standard edition went on sale on October 7. The book documents important events throughout his life and broke several online sales records selling 68,537 copies in the first twenty-four minutes of pre-sale. With less than three months of sale with 1.4 million copies sold, it obtained the fourth place in "The 10th Chinese Celebrity Writers List", released by the influential Chinese media, WCC Daily, Cover News and Great Star Media, becoming in the youngest author to enter the list. He was also the champion of the 2015 Annual Celebrity Book Sales, and ranked first in Asia's Best Books, twice during his monthly ranking and six times for the weekly list. He was also on the Rakuten list, with 400,000 copies sold within six months, and has received much acclaim and praise from readers.

In the same month, he appeared in the film "Kung Fu Yoga", starring Jackie Chan and directed by Stanley Tong, and later as protagonist with his labelmate Krystal in the upcoming film entitled "Unexpected Love", which was postponed for release in August 2017, whose poster was revealed at the Cannes Film Festival.

In November 2015, Lay made his big-screen debut with a supporting role in the Chinese movie "Ex Files 2: The Backup Strikes Back", which was a blockbuster, getting two billion in sales within ten days of its release. He later won the Best Supporting Actor Award at the 2016 China Great Britain Film Festival for his performance. He also wrote and recorded an original soundtrack for the film entitled "Alone (One Person)", which reached number one on Baidu Music Chart, and later won the award for the best original soundtrack at 16th Top Chinese Music Awards and 4th V-Chart Awards. Lay also starred in the Chinese film "Oh My God" and collaborated with his co-stars Coco Jiang Wen and Li Xiaolu on an original soundtrack for the film entitled "Happy Youth", which debuted at number eight on Billboard V Chart.

In January 2016, Lay and the other cast members of "Go Fighting!" they appeared in the Chinese movie "Royal Treasure". In April 2016, he received the Most Popular Newcomer award at the 16th Top Chinese Music Awards. In May 2016, Lay made her debut on the small screen on the Chinese television series "To Be A Better Man" and released a Chinese song titled "Monodrama" as part of "SM Station". Written by Lay and co-composed and arranged with Divine Channel, "Monodrama" broke a record by staying in the first position in YinYueTai VChart for five consecutive weeks. 

In May 2016, Lay starred in the Chinese television drama "The Mystic Nine", a prequel to "The Lost Tomb". The series achieved an unprecedented success, placing first in the television ratings and establishing a record for obtaining several online visits within 24 hours, and has accumulated more than ten billion visits in total. The television series went on to have a secondary story called "The Mystic Nine Side Story: Flowers Bloom" in February, which focused solely on Lay's character, Er Yue Hong.

In October of 2016, Lay's solo career began with the release of "what U need?" as a surprise gift for his fans on his birthday. The song was ranked number one in China V Chart, as well as in "Billboard" World Digital Songs and had entered the top 60 of iTunes, making Lay the first Chinese artist to appear on the list. He performed the song for the first time on October 10 at Asia Song Festival in Busan. On October 28, a day after holding a press conference in Shanghai Town & Country Community, Lay released his first mini-album titled "Lose Control", which contains six songs in Mandarin, and the music video for the single. Lay participated in the production of the album as a producer, and was personally in charge of the composition, arrangement and writing of the lyrics of each song, as well as the translation of the same lyrics in three other languages including English and Japanese. The single "Lose Control" remained in first place in Billboard China V Chart for six consecutive weeks. "Lose Control" broke the record in South Korea by a large majority of sales of a solo artist, with pre-orders surpassing 200,000 copies before the physical album was published, making the number one album in sales. Lay also became the first solo artist to sell more than 40,000 copies of the album within a day and 125,000 after a week of album release. More than a million copies of the digital album have been sold in Xiami. He performed "Lose Control" for the first time on "The Show" on November 15. "Lose Control" was a commercial success reaching first place in Gaon Album Chart.

Later in November, Lay was announced to star in a Chinese remake of the hit Japanese drama television series "Operation Love", which began airing on Dragon TV from April 24, 2017 with 32 episodes.

On January 27, 2017, Zhang made his first appearance at the CCTV Spring Gala Festival and presented alongside Chinese actor Jing Boran. In April of that same year, it was confirmed in the cast of the historical film "The Founding of the Army", released on July 28, 2017 to mark the 90th anniversary of the founding of the People's Liberation Army. In May he released the song "祈愿 (Pray)" for the soundtrack of "Operation Love", reaching the top position in QQ Music. Also in May, he participated in the release ceremony of Huawei Nova 2 at the Hunan International Exhibition and Conference Center, where he expressed his gratitude for his continued appointment as Huawei Nova's ambassador. In July 2017, the variety show "Go Fighting!" premiered its third season, with Zhang in the main cast. He was later revealed as the voice actor of the Chinese dubbing for the main antagonist of the cartoon film "Cars 3". 

A wax sculpture of him in Madame Tussauds had his exhibition on September 8, 2017 in Beijing. On September 17, 2017, it was confirmed to be or protagonist of drama "The Golden Eyes", announced in a pre-release conference. On September 22, S.M. Entertainment revealed a teaser image about his upcoming comeback. On September 25, he released the song "I Need U (需要 你)" as a pre-release track for his first studio album "Lay 02 Sheep", digitally released on October 7, 2017, along with the title track "Sheep (羊)".

On October 10, 2013, the survey on the "Top 10 of Asia's Most Beautiful Men" organized by Youth Entertainment's website reported that Lay ranked at #6 position with more than 27 million votes. In April 2014, Lay was ranked #10 in the annual survey of "The Most Beautiful Man of Asia". In March 2017, the Top Star News did a study to see which hallyu stars were most popular in China between January and February 2017, referring to Weibo hashtags, showing Lay at the top with ten billion views and queries.

Between 2015-2016, Lay was chosen to be the spokesperson for several brands, in particular "Pancoat" and "Mentos" for which he became the first spokesperson in Asia. He also became Asia's first male artist to endorse "Vichy", and China's first endorser for "Planters". In addition to endorsing the "Lay's" brands, "Olay", "Clarisonic", "Kangshifu Ice Tea", "Tide", "Huawei", "AirBender", "Chushou TV", "Tmall" and "Cornetto".

On February 13, 2015, Lay participated in the "LOVE TO GO HOME" community service. The service was carried out by Chinese bicycle company AIMA to help people who were returning home during Lunar New Year holidays on motorcycles. Lay represented all EXO members and handed out hot water bags, handkerchiefs, emergency medicine, ramen, water and toys for everyone. And he also received a plaque from AIMA for help. Lay said: 

On October 7, 2015, Lay fans collected money that was donated on their behalf for the construction of a well and a public toilet in a needy village in Cambodia. On October 6, the fan club "DAILYIXING" posted photos of the finished project, including photos of some of the village residents with a sign thanking Lay and wishing him a happy birthday. In addition, the fan club collected used clothing to donate through the OTCAN charity. They also donated money on behalf of Lay to the Coal Briquettes organization for neighbors in Korea, which helps keep the heat needed in the winter by providing them with charcoal briquettes for their heaters.



Park Chan-yeol

Park Chan-yeol (hangul: 박찬열; hanja: 朴燦烈; born November 27, 1992 in Seoul), better known by mononym Chanyeol, is a South Korean rapper, singer-songwriter, producer, actor and model. He is a member of the South Korean boy band EXO.

Chanyeol was born November 27, 1992 in Seoul, South Korea. After watching the film "School of Rock" in elementary school, Chanyeol became interested in music and began to play drums. During his teenage years, he studied at Hyundai Senior High School in Apgujeong-dong. He participated in the band of his school, Siren. When he was in his first year of high school, Chanyeol formed a band with his best friends, Heavy Noise, having played in it for three years. At the age of sixteen, he was accepted into a private acting university. In the same year, he reached second position Smart Model Contest and became a trainee of S.M. Entertainment. Also in 2008, he participated in the clip "HaHaHa Song" of his companion of company TVXQ. The following year, she appeared in the Japanese version of the video "Genie" of the group Girls' Generation. He went on to dream of being a singer after listening to the song "Unconditional Kismet" of songwriter and music producer Yoo Young-jin.

On February 22, 2012, Chanyeol was officially introduced as one of the twelve members of the original formation of the South Korean-Chinese group EXO. The group debuted on April 8 of the same year with the release of extended play "MAMA". In April 2012, he participated in the music video for the song "Twinkle", debut single from the first sub-unit of Girls 'Generation,Girls' Generation-TTS. In October 2013, Chanyeol joined the cast of SBS's "Law of the Jungle" reality show during filming in Micronesia. He also composed and recorded a soundtrack titled "Last Hunter" for the show.

In 2014, Chanyeol wrote the rap of the Korean version of the "Run" track of EXO's extended extended play, "Overdose", and participated in the debut EPs of his companions Henry and Zhou Mi. In May 2014, he became a regular cast member of the first season of the SBS's "Roommate" reality show. He left the program in September of the same year because of scheduling conflicts.

In April 2015, Chanyeol made his film debut with South Korean film "Salut d'Amour" alongside actress Moon Ga-young, who later co-starred with him on the "EXO Next Door" web drama. In June of 2015, cast-wrote the Korean version of the track "Promise" of the reissue of the success of sales "EXODUS", titled "Love Me Right", next to its companions of group Chen and Lay. He later wrote the rap for "Lightsaber", the EXO promotional single for "", which was later included in the band's extended play "Sing for You".

In April 2016, Chanyeol wrote and performed rap for the song "Confession" of Yesung's debut EP, "Here I Am". On EXO's third studio album, "EX'ACT", released in May 2016, he co-wrote the lyrics for the track "Heaven." In June 2016, Chanyeol starred with actresses Yuan Shanshan and Seohyun in the South Korean-Chinese film "So I Married an Anti-fan". He and Yuan Shanshan also recorded a duet titled "I Hate You" as the soundtrack for the film. In October 2016, Chanyeol and singer Tinashe participated in the song "Freal Luv" by artists Far East Movement and Marshmello. The song, which he helped write and produce, was released on October 14. In December 2016, she collaborated with singer Punch on the song "Stay With Me," part of the soundtrack for the "Goblin" drama.

In January of 2017, Chanyeol participated in the drama "Missing 9". On February 22, he released a duet titled "Let Me Love You" with Junggigo.


Byun Baek-hyun

Byun Baek-hyun (Hangul: 변백현; Hanja:卞白贤; born May 6, 1992) is a South Korean singer, dancer, actor, and TV presenter. He is best known solely by his first name Baekhyun. As a member of the boy band Exo, his role is to dance and sing the most important parts of the songs.

Byun Baek-hyun was born in Bucheon, Gyeonggi Province on May 6, 1992. He has an older brother named Baek-beom. Baek-beom is seven years older than Baek-hyun.

Byun began training to be a singer at age 11. He had been influenced by Rain—another K-pop idol who was most popular in the 2000s. He attended Jungwon High School in Bucheon. He was the lead singer of a band called Coma (상태 상태) there. Coma once won at a local music festival. Kim Hyun-woo (from a rock band called ) eventually gave the young Byun piano lessons.

Byun also had interests outside music. He was a martial artist as a teenager and obtained a black belt in Hapkido.

Baekhyun was discovered by an agent of S.M. Entertainment when he was practicing his admission exams for the . He then joined the company under the S.M. Casting System in 2011.

He and his bandmates Chanyeol and Suho attended . Byun took online classes at the Culture and Arts Department of Business Administration.

Baekhyun was the last member to join Exo. He was the ninth member of the group to be revealed on January 30, 2012.

In February 2014, Baekhyun and Suho became regular hosts for "Inkigayo" — a music show that airs on . They left the program in November to focus on Exo's comeback. In July, Baekhyun ventured into musical theater. He was cast the lead role of Don Lockwood in "Singin' in the Rain." The South Korean production that he was in was done by SM C&C.

In April 2015, Baekhyun released its first song solo since its debut titled "Beautiful" like the soundtrack of the drama "EXO Next Door". The song became the first soundtrack of a web drama that was within the best positions of several musical lists. In May 2015, Baekhyun was announced that it would be the protagonist of the action film "Dokgo" alongside actor Yeo Jin-goo. However, the film's production was announced to be canceled in January 2016. In December 2015, Baekhyun paid a tribute to the late South Korean singer Kim Hyun-sik performing his song "Like Rain Like Music" on "SBS Gayo Daejeon's" end-of-year music program. The recording of a song performed by Baekhyun was digitally published.

In January 2016, Baekhyun and Suzy of Miss A performed a duet entitled "Dream". The song quickly reached the best position in the music charts after it positioned itself in the first place of Gaon Digital Chart. "Dream" also won five times the first place in "Music Bank" and "Inkigayo". In April 2016, Baekhyun received a YinYueTai V-Chart award for being the Most Popular Singer in South Korea. In May 2016, Baekhyun and South Korean singer K.Will released a duet titled "The Day" as part of SM Station.

In August 2016, Baekhyun made his acting debut on the small screen in the historical drama "", a South Korean adaptation of the Chinese novel "Bu Bu Jing Xin". For his performance in the drama, received a prize like New Star in 2016 SBS Drama Awards. He also collaborated with his labelmates Chen and Xiumin on a soundtrack titled "For You" for the drama. In October 2016, along with Chen and Xiumin, Baekhyun became a member of the first official EXO unit, EXO-CBX. His debut was on October 31 with the release of the extended play "Hey Mama!". In November 2016, Baekhyun began to participate S.M. Entertainment's "League of Legends" tournament "2016 S.M. Super Celeb League", where he and his labelmate, Heechul, played with professional players and fans from China and South Korea.

In February 2017, Baekhyun and Soyou of Sistar released a duet titled "Rain" The song peaked at number one on several music charts and achieved an achievement known as "all-kill", making it the first artist of S.M. to achieve an "all-kill" in 2016 and 2017 with "Dream" and "Rain", respectively. In April 2017, Baekhyun released a single titled "Take You Home" for the second season of SM Station. The song was positioned in the twelve position of Gaon Digital Chart.

Notes


Luhan

Lù Hán (born April 20, 1990 in Haidian) better known as Luhan is a Chinese singer. He was former member of EXO in December 2011, officially debuting in April 2012, and in October 2014, left the group after filing a lawsuit against S.M. Entertainment to reverse its exclusivity agreement.

In December 2014, China National Radio ranked Luhan in sixth place among the top 10 most popular entertainers in the country. He began his career as an actor in the film "20 Once Again", released in January 2015. In May of 2015. Luhan made his debut as a solo artist with the release of his first extended play, titled "Reloaded I", on September 14, 2015. He became the first celebrity born after the 1990s to be named the "Artist of the Year" by China Newsweek in 2016.

He graduated from Beijing Shida Middle School and attended the Beijing Haidian Foreign Language Shi Yan School before leaving for South Korea to attend Yonsei University as an exchange student. While studying in Seoul, he was observed by an S.M. Entertainment agent, who advised him to do an audition for the agency, being placed in a dormitory with other SM interns, and trained in singing, dancing, and acting.

Luhan was the second member of EXO to be formally presented to the public on December 27, 2011. Along with Tao, Chen, and Kai, he made his first television performance at the "SBS Gayo Daejun" event on December 29 . The group's first single, "What Is Love," was released on January 30, 2012. The group released their second single, titled "History" on March 9. The pre-show showcase of the group was held at the Seoul Olympic Stadium on March 31, 2012. The group held a press conference and showed their performances at the Great Hall of the University of Economics and International Business in Beijing, China on April 1, 2012. On April 24, along with D.O., Baekhyun, Chen, BoA, Kangta, TVXQ, Taeyeon, Yesung, Jonghyun and Luna, released a song for the soundtrack of the film "I AM.", titled "Dear My Family". On August 23, 2012, S.M. Entertainment announced that Luhan would perform with BoA in the song "Only One," for the August 24 episode of "Music Bank". Luhan became the fourth to perform with the singer after Yunho, Eunhyuk, Taemin and Sehun.

On October 16 of the same year, it was announced that he would participate in the 6-member dance group Younique Unit, alongside Eunhyuk, Hyoyeon, Taemin, Henry Lau and Kai performing the veloster theme song titled "Maxstep" for the album "PYL Younique Album." A video teaser of the song was shown on the PYL Younique Show the next day. The song was officially released on October 31, 2012.

On June 23, 2013, he participated in the Chinese team for a football match at the 2013 Asian Dream Cup in Shanghai. In January 2014, he participated in the "Idol Star Athletics Championship". On April 23, 2014, he was cast in the cast of "20 Once Again", directed by East Chen. The film is a Chinese version of the Korean film, "Miss Granny", in which an old lady returns to be young, and premiered in January of 2015. On August 13, 2014, a post by Luhan on his official Weibo account reached over 13 million comments, thus entering the Guinness World Records as the person who has the most comments in a Weibo post. On August 19, S.M. Entertainment posted a photo of Luhan with his Guinness World Records certificate and a world record holder medal. On October 10 of the same year, he filed a lawsuit against S.M. Entertainment to cancel its exclusivity agreement, mainly due to health problems. Still in October, he starred in the remake of the music video for "The Last Game" made for "". On December 1, he released the song "Our Tomorrow" for the soundtrack of "20 Once Again". The song peaked number one position on Baidu Music Chart.

On January 26, 2015, it was announced that he would sing the theme song for the release of the movie "Comrades: Almost a Love Story", in China. The song titled "Tian Mi Mi," was officially released on February 3. On January 28, it was announced that the South Korean film "Blind" would win a Chinese version, titled "The Witness", starring Luhan. The film was released in China on October 30 of the same year. In February of 2015, appeared in the movie "12 Golden Ducks". On March 11, Legendary Entertainment announced that Luhan would be cast in "The Great Wall", directed by Zhang Yimou along with Matt Damon, Andy Lau and Pedro Pascal. On May 27, 2015, it was revealed that Luhan and Taiwanese singer David Tao had recorded the theme song for the 2022 Winter Olympics. The song titled "Please Come to the Great Wall to Ski" had its music video released in July 2015. On August 28, he became a fixed member of the Chinese version of "Running Man" program, titled "Hurry Up, Brother". On September 11, he was confirmed in the movie version of the popular web drama "The Lost Tomb", titled "Time Raiders", playing Wu Xie. 
On September 14, he released his first mini-album titled "Reloaded I", along with the title track "That Good Good", via QQ Music Charts. The album sold 880,000 copies on the first day, the highest number of sales recorded on the first day of official release, and also reached more than one million sales at QQ Music, setting the record for faster digital album sales. Days later he released the song "Your Song". He broke his own record on Guinness World Records as the person with the highest amount of comments in a Weibo post, surpassing 87 million comments. On October 14, 2015, he released the song "Medals" as a single and soundtrack for the movie "The Witness". Being released on iTunes on November 4 of the same year, debuting at number one position on the China V Chart as well as Billboard Hot 100. Also in October he released the single "Football Gang". In early November he released the music video for the song "Promises". On December 1 he released the mini-album "Reloaded II", containing the songs "Lu" and "Deep". The song "Deep" was also included in the soundtrack of "Kung Fu Panda 3". He released his first studio album, titled "Reloaded", on December 22, 2015. The album topped the Tower Records chart in Japan, and became the only album from mainland China to enter the Top 5 of Taiwan's G-Music chart.

On January 6, 2016, he released the song "The Inner Force" for the soundtrack of "", debuting at number two on the China V Chart. On February 16 he released the mini-album "Reloaded+", along with the title track "Excited". In March he released the music video for the song "Adventure Time". On March 26, 2016, Luhan began his first solo tour, titled "Luhan Reloaded: 2016 Luhan 1st China Tour", in Beijing and Guangzhou on April 2, and Shanghai on April 9. In June 2016, he landed the lead role of Chen Changsheng in the Hunan Television series, "Fighter of The Destiny". On October 21 he released the "Xperience" mini-album, with the title track "Catch Me When I Fall". In December 2016, he made an appearance in the film "See You Tomorrow". In December he released the mini-album "Xplore", along with the songs "Winter Song" and "Skin to Skin". 

In 2017, Luhan starred in his first television drama, "Fighter of the Destiny", a series of wuxia fantasy. In February he was also cast for the film "5 Centimeters Per Second" adapted from the Japanese novel of the same name. On January 21, it officially launched the single digital album "Venture" along with the single "What If I Said" on QQ Music, KuGou Music and Kuwo Music, selling 60,000 copies in just 3 minutes and 160,000 in 10 minutes. The song "Roleplay" was released as a single on February 27. He released the mini-album "Imagination" on April 19, 2017, accompanied by songs "On Call" and "Say It".

On October 10, 2013, the survey on the "Top 10 of Asia's Most Beautiful Men" organized by Youth Entertainment's website reported that he was chosen as Asia's most handsome man 2013 with over 40 million votes.

On May 11, 2015, it was the cover of Forbes China magazine, where it ranked 37th among the richest celebrities for making a profit of 28.5 million yuan (about $ 4.6 million). Forbes described Luhan as: "In less than five months, attracted the most attention by the Chinese entertainment industry, becoming a new force on the rise." Also in May, Models.com selected Luhan as one of their "Five Faces of China". The he is followed by millions of fans (especially in social media), he remains humble. In July 2015, during the press conference of "The Great Wall", Matt Damon revealed that he was impressed by Luhan's popularity, saying, "I think the first night we started filming there were about 400 flower arrangements that came to Luhan."

From 2015 to 2016, Luhan appeared on the cover of more than 20 magazines. He became the first Chinese celebrity on the covers of China Elle, GQ Style, China Forbes, Harper's Bazaar and Cosmopolitan. He received the Guinness World Record for having more than 200,000 people buying a limited edition of 20,000 copies of a magazine cover in a second. Luhan won his own wax statue in January 2016, from the Madame Tussaud's Wax Museum in Beijing. In October 2016, Luhan was featured in the "BOF 100" ranking of Business of Fashion, becoming the only Chinese celebrity to reach the ranking and received the title of "Most Anticipated Chinese Star". 

In April 2014, he endorsed a commercial to Chinese cosmetics company KanS. During 2015, he starred in campaigns for the French cosmetics company L'Oréal, as well as endorsing for Baidu Maps OPPO's R7 Plus, Lenovo, KFC and Sony. He became the first Asian artist to endorse for Puma. In December 2015, he was introduced as the official "Star Wars" ambassador to China. He released a single titled "The Inner Force", which is the official Chinese theme song for "". In May 2016, he became a spokesman for Volkswagen. In July of the same year, it became the face of Cartier SA.

On February 5, 2015, S.M. Entertainment released an official statement that stated that Luhan had left the EXO without permission and announced that the company had filed lawsuits against not only Luhan but also the advertisers who used him as a spokesperson. According to Chinese entertainment source Sina Entertainment, a representative of Luhan issued an official statement . They said: "We are launching this official statement in order to clarify the truth and protect the reputation of Luhan. SM filed a lawsuit for the Shanghai courts, claiming that 'Luhan has been participating in activities in China without permission.' However, according to the rules of jurisdiction, SM has no right to bring a lawsuit over [Luhan's] exclusive contract to a Chinese court. The results of [our] investigation show that SM sued an advertiser affiliated with Luhan for copyright infringement. This does not correspond with the reasons given for their actions. The statement that SM issued through the press is misleading. To say that he [Luhan] left EXO for no reason other than his own gain "is a malicious attempt to defame Luhan. We will take legal action against all the full reports which defame Luhan's reputation."

In July 2016, the court ruled that Luhan's exclusive contract with S.M. Entertainment would be in effect until 2022, as originally decided. The press further revealed: "Excluding areas in Korea and Japan, Luhan will entrust rights entirely to S.M. Entertainment, and will share a portion of its revenue with the agency.

In May 2016, it was revealed that Luhan was banned from entering Taiwan for five years. Several Chinese media reported that Luhan went into hot water after filming for Chinese variety show "Back to School" in Taiwan with a tourist visa. A tourist visa prohibits a person from working in the country in which he or she is visiting. In June of 2016, he was filmed screaming with a taxi driver, after being followed during the filming of a series.




4 in the Morning

"4 in the Morning" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her second studio album "The Sweet Escape" (2006). It was written by Stefani and co-written and produced by Tony Kanal and was released on May 8, 2007. Whilst writing the song, Stefani was pregnant with her first child and listened to songs sung by Roberta Flack and Billy Idol.

"4 in the Morning" was written by Stefani and Kanal after Stefani finished her "Harajuku Lovers Tour" in 2005. The song was influenced by songs from Stefani's debut album "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). Stefani listened to ballads sung by Roberta Flack and Billy Idol. Stefani also said that "4 in the Morning" was one of her favorite songs from the album.



Credits adapted from the liner notes of "The Sweet Escape"


Kirchdorf, Switzerland

Kirchdorf is a municipality of the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Gelterfingen, Mühledorf and Noflen merged into the municipality of Kirchdorf.


Kirchenthurnen

Kirchenthurnen was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the former municipalities of Kirchenthurnen, Lohnstorf and Mühlethurnen merged to form the new municipality of Thurnen.


Kirchlindach

Kirchlindach is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Chiggiogna

Chiggiogna is a village and former municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

On 29 January 2006 the former municipalities of Calonico, Chiggiogna and Rossura merged into the municipality of Faido.

Diesbach, Glarus

Diesbach is a village and former municipality in the canton of Glarus, Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004 the former municipalities of Diesbach and Hätzingen merged into the municipality of Luchsingen.

Pesaro

Pesaro is a city and "comune" in the Marche region, central Italy. It is the capital of the province of Pesaro and Urbino, on the Adriatic Sea. It is the second most populous city in the Marche, after Ancona.

Pesaro is on the coast of the Adriatic Sea. The city is between two small hills: the "Monte Ardizio" to the southeast, and the "Colle San Bartolo" to the northwest where is the "Parco naturale regionale del Monte San Bartolo". The Foglia river flows through the city.

The "comune" of Pesaro has an area of and its altitude is .

Pesaro borders with the "comuni" Fano, Gabicce Mare, Gradara, Mombaroccio, Monteciccardo, Montelabbate, Tavullia and Vallefoglia (a small part).

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of Pesaroː

There are 94,813 persons living in the "comune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

The people from this "comune" are known, in Italian, as "pesaresi".

Pesaro is twinned with:


Gylfi Sigurðsson

Gylfi Þór Sigurðsson (born 9 September 1989 in Reykjavik, Iceland) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays as a midfielder. He currently plays for the Premier League club Everton and the Iceland national team. He has also previously played for Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar, Breiðablik UBK, Reading, Shrewsbury Town, Crewe Alexandra, TSG 1899 Hoffenheim and the Tottenham Hotspurs. He has great long-range shooting abilities.

In July 2021 he was arrested in Manchester on suspicion of child sexual grooming. He was later released on bail subject to ongoing investigations.

Individual


Kleindietwil

Kleindietwil was a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, Kleindietwil and Leimiswil were merged with the municipality of Madiswil.

Köniz

Köniz () is a city in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It has population of 38,793 inhabitants (2008), the municipality is one of the 15 most populous cities in Switzerland.

The official language of Köniz is (the Swiss variety of Standard) German, but the main spoken language is the local variant of the Alemmanic Swiss German dialect.


Konolfingen

Konolfingen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Koppigen

Koppigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Bettingen

Bettingen (Swiss German: "Bettige") is a municipality in the canton of Basel-Stadt in Switzerland.


Riehen

Riehen (Swiss German: "Rieche") is a municipality of the canton of Basel-Stadt in Switzerland.


Ragnar Sigurðsson

Ragnar Sigurðsson (born 19 June 1986 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays as centre back. He currently plays for the Russian Premier League club Krasnodar and the Iceland national football team. He has previously played for Fylkir, IFK Göteborg and F.C. Copenhagen. He was included in Iceland's UEFA Euro 2016 squad.

IFK Göteborg

Copenhagen

Krasnodar

Jón Daði Böðvarsson

Jón Daði Böðvarsson (born 25 May 1992 in Selfoss, Iceland) is an Icelandic footballer who currently plays for Bolton Wanderers as a right winger. He previously played for UMF Selfoss and Viking FK. He was included in Iceland's UEFA Euro 2016 squad.



Special Order 191

Special Order 191 was issued by Robert E. Lee in early September 1862. It was a handwritten order detailing Lee's planned troop movements during his Maryland Campaign intended to win the American Civil War. The document was recovered by Union soldiers and passed on to Major general George B. McClellan. This was a piece of intelligence few battle commanders are ever lucky enough to receive. It gave the details of how Lee had weakened his forces by splitting them up into several columns. It also laid out where each part of his army was to be at any given time. McClellan, usually very slow to act, moved his forces more quickly this time. By the night of September 14, 1862, Lee was no longer following his plan of attack. He was now reacting to McClellan's troop movements. At this point Lee's main problem became how to keep his army from being destroyed. 

Following his success at the Second Battle of Bull Run (also called the Second Battle of Manassas), Lee made plans to invade the North. Lee thought that if he took the Civil War to the Union states, a major victory might convince Great Britain and France to support the South. He also thought it would make the North sue for peace. This would insure the Confederate States of America could remain an independent country. Lee led his Army of Northern Virginia into Maryland on September 4, 1862. He concentrated his army at Frederick, Maryland, about northwest of Washington, D.C. The story of the lost order 191 and the events of early September 1862 revolve around two sheets of paper.

Lee's army was camped near Frederick on September 7. General J.E.B. Stuart's three cavalry brigades had been given the task of forming a screen (protective line) between the encampment and the Union Army to their east. Lee met with his generals suggesting to James Longstreet that he should surround Harpers Ferry Armory and attack the large Union garrison which was threatening their supply lines to their rear. Longstreet objected saying his troops needed rest from the long march. He also pointed out it was a bad idea to split Lee's forces when they were so close to the enemy. If the Union army discovered Lee had weakened his main force, they might attack in force. Once rested, organized and fully supplied, Lee's army could do what it wanted. After the meeting, Longstreet assumed Lee had given up the risky Harpers Ferry scheme. A day or two later, Longstreet entered Lee's tent. He found Lee and General Stonewall Jackson finalizing the plan to attack Harpers Ferry. Longstreet realized the plan had gone ahead without him. Reluctantly, he went along with the plan. On September 9, Lee wrote out the details of the plan in Special Order 191.

Each of Lee's commanders received a copy of the handwritten order. Hill already had been sent a copy of the order from Lee. He did not know a second copy had been sent to him from Jackson. This is the copy that was lost.

On September 13, while about south of Frederick, Maryland, Corporal Barton W. Mitchell of the 27th Indiana Volunteers (Union Army) found a bundle of cigars wrapped inside some paper. The paper turned out to be Special Order 191. The field had recently been occupied by Confederate General Hill and the order was addressed to General Hill. He gave the order to his sergeant who passed it up the chain of command to General McClellan. The division's adjutant general, Samuel Pittman, was able to confirm it was the handwriting of his former colleague before the war, Robert Chilton, who was Lee's adjutant general. It was in McClellan's hands the same day.

Lee had about 50,000 soldiers to McClellan's 85,000. But McClellan thought Lee had 100,000 troops and was extremely reluctant to engage him. McClellan now had a chance to destroy Lee's Army of Northern Virginia while it was weak and divided, if he acted quickly. This unexpected piece of valuable information led the usually overcautious McClellan to commit his forces on September 14 resulting in the Battle of South Mountain.


Birkir Már Sævarsson

Birkir Már Sævarsson (born 11 November 1984 in Reykjavik, Iceland) is an Icelandic footballer who can play as a right fullback, right winger, left fullback or center back. He currently plays for the Swedish club Hammarby Fotboll and the Iceland national football team. He was included in Iceland's UEFA Euro 2016 squad.



Hannes Þór Halldórsson

Hannes Þór Halldórsson (born 27 April 1984 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Iceland national football team and Bodø/Glimt, on loan from the Norwegian club NEC Nijmegen. He has also played for Leiknir Reykjavík, Ungmennafélagið Afturelding, Stjarnan, Knattspyrnufélagið Fram, Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur, SK Brann, Sandnes Ulf and N.E.C.. Hannes has found some work as a film director when not playing football. He was included in Iceland's UEFA Euro 2016 squad.

He took part in the 2018 FIFA World Cup and saved Lionel Messi's penalty kick against Argentina which later ended 1-1.


Krattigen

Krattigen is a municipality of the administrative district Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Ermensee

Ermensee is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Hätzingen

Hätzingen is a village and former municipality in the canton of Glarus, Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004 the former municipalities of Hätzingen and Diesbach merged into the municipality of Luchsingen.

Glarus Nord

Glarus Nord is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Bilten, Filzbach, Mollis, Mühlehorn, Näfels, Niederurnen, Oberurnen and Obstalden merged into the new municipality of Glarus Nord.

Glarus Nord is one of three municipalities of the canton of Glarus, the others being Glarus and Glarus Süd.


Myco-heterotrophy

Myco-heterotrophy is a relationship between certain plants and fungi. The plant gets all or part of its food from parasitism on fungi, not from photosynthesis. 

In the past, non-photosynthetic plants were thought to get food by breaking down organic matter like fungi do. Such plants were therefore called "saprophytes". That was wrong. It is now known that "no plant is physiologically capable of direct breakdown of organic matter". 

To get food, non-photosynthetic plants engage in parasitism, by myco-heterotrophy or direct parasitism of other plants.

The interface between the plant and fungal partners in this association is between the roots of the plant and the mycelium of the fungus. Myco-heterotrophy therefore closely resembles mycorrhiza, and is thought to have evolved from mycorrhiza.

Suet

Suet is the hard white fat that surrounds internal organs, especially the kidneys.

It is available to buy ready prepared, in which case it is mixed with flour to stop it melting at room temperature.

Kriechenwil

Kriechenwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Kriechenwil has a population () of . , 3.6% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (2001-2011) the population has changed at a rate of 0.7%. Migration accounted for 0.5%, while births and deaths accounted for 0%. 


La Ferrière

La Ferrière is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

La Heutte

La Heutte is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of La Heutte and Péry merged into the new municipality of Péry-La Heutte.

Englisberg

Englisberg was amunicipality in Seftigen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004 Englisberg and Zimmerwald joined together to become the new municipality, Wald.

Herlisberg

Herlisberg is a village and former municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne, Switzerland.

On 1 January 2005 the former municipality of Herlisberg merged into the municipality of Römerswil.

Yves Bonnefoy

Yves Jean Bonnefoy (June 24, 1923 – July 1, 2016) was a French poet, art critics and translator. Bonnefoy published many of translations into French, mainly poems of William Shakespeare. He was born in Tours, France.

He was a professor at the Collège de France from 1981 to 1993. He was the author of several works on art, art history, and artists including Miró and Giacometti.
The Encyclopædia Britannica presents him as ″perhaps the most important French poet of the latter half of the 20th century″.

Bonnefoy died in Paris on July 1, 2016, aged 93.

Abderrahmane Meziani

Abderrahmane Meziani (12 May 1942 – 2 June 2016) was a professional Algerian footballer. He played as a forward for the national football team in 1963.

Meziani died from a heart disease in Algiers on 2 June 2016, aged 74.


István Halász

István Halász (12 October 1951 – 4 June 2016) was a Hungarian football midfielder. He played for Hungary in the 1978 FIFA World Cup. He also played for FC Tatabánya.


Westfjords

The Westfjords or West Fjords (Icelandic: "Vestfirðir") is the name of a large peninsula and region in northern Iceland. It is next to the Denmark Strait and faces the east coast of Greenland. The Westfjords have a lot of mountains and fjords around the coast. Because of this, the road system is complex and communicating by land is difficult.

The largest settlement is Ísafjörður, with a population of 4,000 people.

Because of the East Greenland Current, the Westfjords are generally the coldest area in Iceland.

In 1615, 32 shipwrecked Basque whalers were killed by locals. This caused the government to pass a law allowing the murder of any Basque person seen in the Westfjords. This law was ended in May 2015.



Carmen Pereira

Carmen Pereira (1937 – 4 June 2016) was a politician in Guinea-Bissau. She served three days as Acting President in 1984. She was the first woman in this role in Africa and the only one in Guinea-Bissau's history. She had the shortest term as the Acting President, serving only three days in office. 

Pereira died in Bissau on 4 June 2016.

Southern Region (Iceland)

The Southern Region (Icelandic: "Suðurland") is a region of Iceland. The population of the region was 23,311 (1 October 2007). The biggest town in the region is Selfoss, with a population of 6,000.



Manohar Aich

Manohar Aich (17 March 1912 – 5 June 2016) was an Indian bodybuilder. He was the second Indian (after Monotosh Roy in 1951) to win any Mr. Universe title. He did so in the 1952 NABBA Universe Championships. 

At tall, he was given the name "Pocket Hercules". 

On 5 June 2016, Manohar Aich died in Kolkata, aged 104 years.


Gianluca Buonanno

Gianluca Buonanno (15 May 1966 – 5 June 2016) was an Italian politician. He was born in Borgosesia.

He was a member of the Italian Social Movement from 1982 to 1995, when he switched to the National Alliance. Buonanno left the National Alliance for Lega Nord in 2002.

He was elected to the XVI and XVII Parliaments and to the European Parliament in 2014. As an MEP, Buonanno was an unaffiliated Non-Inscrit before joining Europe of Nations and Freedom, and was backed by the European Alliance for Freedom and Movement for a Europe of Nations and Freedom.

Buonanno died at the age of 50 in 2016 in a car accident near Varese.

Jerome Bruner

Jerome Seymour Bruner (October 1, 1915 – June 5, 2016) was an American psychologist. He was known for his works to human cognitive psychology and cognitive learning theory in educational psychology. 

Bruner was a senior research fellow at the New York University School of Law. He received a B.A. in 1937 from Duke University and a Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1941. 

Jarbas Passarinho

Jarbas Gonçalves Passarinho (January 11, 1920 – June 5, 2016) was a Brazilian military officer and politician. Passarinho began his political career when he was appointed Governor of Pará. He served as head of several government ministries during both the Brazilian military government (1964–1985) and the transition to democracy. 

He served as the Minister of Labor (1967–1969), Minister of Education (1969–1974), Minister of Social Security (1983–1985), and Minister of Justice (1990–1992). Passarinho was also a member of the Federal Senate, representing Pará for two tenures during military rule and the return to democracy, including a period as President of the Federal Senate from 1981 to 1983.

Ayaz Jani

Ayaz Jani (original name Ayaz Hussain Memon) (, born 4 October 1967 – died 6 June 2016) was a Pakistani poet and journalist. He wrote in the Sindhi language. Jani had been writing poetry since his school days and gained popularity as a romantic poet. 

Jani died on 6 June 2016 due to a heart attack in Larkana, Pakistan, aged 48.

Steve Pisanos

Steve Pisanos (born Spiros Pisanos; του Νικολάου και της Αθηνάς; November 10, 1919 – June 6, 2016) was an American USAF Colonel. He served as a fighter pilot for the British Royal Air Force (RAF) and the United States Air Force (USAF) 4th Fighter Group in World War II. By the end of his career in 1974, he received 33 decorations and distinctions. 

He was the author of the book The Flying Greek, published in April 2008, where he has recorded all of his personal adventures and detailed war fighting experiences. The book is commented by his friends and renowned USAF aviators Gabby Gabreski and Chuck Yeager.

Pisanos died on June 6, 2016 from heart failure at his home in Rancho Bernardo, San Diego, California, aged 96.


Theresa Saldana

Theresa Saldana (August 20, 1954 – June 6, 2016) was an American actress and author.

Saldana was born in Brooklyn, New York. She was adopted at five days old by Divina and Tony Saldana, a family of Puerto Rican and Italian-American heritage.

She is known for her role as Rachel Scali, the wife of Police Commissioner Tony Scali, in the 1990s television series "The Commish", for which she received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role, in 1994.

She played the role of 'Lenore La Motta', the wife of Joe Pesci's character, in the 1980 feature movie "Raging Bull" and Robert Zemeckis's Beatlemania ensemble "I Wanna Hold Your Hand".

She was also known for raising public awareness of the crime of stalking, after surviving a murder attempt by an obsessed fan in 1982. The fan approached Saldana in front of her West Hollywood residence in broad daylight and stabbed her in the torso 10 times with a 5½-inch (14 cm) knife, nearly killing her.

A television movie, "" was about the attack and was released in 1984 starring Saldana as herself.

Saldana died on June 6, 2016 from an illness at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, aged 61.


Johnny Brooks

John "Johnny" Brooks (23 December 1931 – 7 June 2016) was a former professional footballer and manager. He was born in Reading, Berkshire.

He played for Reading, Tottenham Hotspur, Chelsea, Brentford, Crystal Palace in the Football League. Brooks won three England caps, scoring two goals.

Towards the end of his career he played in non-league football with Stevenage Town and Cambridge City and in North America with Cleveland Stokers. He later became the player-manager of Knebworth.

Brooks died of vascular dementia on 7 June 2016, aged 84.

Amber Gurung

Amber Gurung () (February 26, 1938 – June 7, 2016) was a Nepali composer, singer and lyricist. He was popularly known as the music composer of Nepal's national anthem "Sayaun Thunga Phool Ka".

Gurung died of esophageal cancer in Kathmandu, Nepal on June 7, 2016, aged 78.

Thomas J. Perkins

Thomas James Perkins (January 7, 1932 – June 7, 2016) was an American businessman and capitalist. He was one of the founders of venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers.

Perkins died June 7, 2016 after a long-illness at his home in Marin County, California, aged 84.

La Neuveville

La Neuveville () is a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Landiswil

Landiswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Längenbühl

Längenbühl is a village in the canton of Bern, Switzerland. The former municipality of the district of Thun merged with Forst on January 1, 2007 to form Forst-Längenbühl.

There are three smaller lakes in Längenbühl: Dittligsee, Geistsee and a smaller pond.

Eschenbach, Lucerne

Eschenbach is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Langenthal

Langenthal is a town in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipality of Untersteckholz merged into the municipality of Langenthal. On 1 January 2021 the Obersteckholz became part of Langenthal.

Langenthal is an educational, cultural, and economic center for the region of Oberaargau.


Ouroboros

The ouroboros or oroboros is an ancient symbol of a serpent or dragon eating its own tail. The ouroboros is a symbol of an everlasting cycle or a cycle of life, death, and rebirth.

The ouroboros symbolizes eternity or cyclicality. It is the sense of something constantly re-creating itself. Like the phoenix, it symbolises cycles that begin again as soon as they end. 

The first known appearance of the ouroboros motif is in KV62, the tomb of Tutankhamun, in the 14th century BC. The text is about the god Ra and his union with Osiris in the underworld. In an illustration, two serpents, with their tails in their mouths, coil around the head and feet of an enormous god (this the unified Ra-Osiris). The whole figure represents the beginning and the end of time.

Gelfingen

Gelfingen is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Gelfingen, Hämikon, Mosen, Müswangen, Retschwil and Sulz merged into the municipality of Hitzkirch.

Lauenen

Lauenen (; ) is a municipality in Obersimmental-Saanen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Laupen, Bern

Laupen () is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Glarus Süd

Glarus Süd is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Betschwanden, Braunwald, Elm, Engi, Haslen, Linthal, Luchsingen, Matt, Mitlödi, Rüti, Schwanden, Schwändi and Sool merged into the new municipality of Glarus Süd.

Glarus Süd is one of three municipalities of the canton of Glarus, the others being Glarus and Glarus Nord.


Biel, Valais

Biel is a village and former municipality in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.

On 1 January 2001 the former municipalities of Biel, Ritzingen and Selkingen merged into the new municipality of Grafschaft.

Arica y Parinacota Region

The XV Arica and Parinacota Region () is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions. It is the country's newest region, created under Law 20.175. It became operational on 8 October 2007.

Chile's former Tarapacá region was a former Peruvian province, which was occupied by Chile under the 1883 Treaty of Ancón at the close of the War of the Pacific, and then formally annexed in 1929 by the Treaty of Lima.

The Arica and Parinacota borders Peru to the north, Bolivia to the east and Chile's Tarapacá region to the south.

The region is within the Norte Grande ("Far North") natural region. It combines deserts, green valleys, the steep and volcanic Andes mountains, and the Altiplano (high plain) to the east. A narrow coastal strip of low-lying land no more than wide separates the Pacific's Nazca plate from the Andes. Its Parinacota volcano is the region's highest elevation at and is on the northern border with Bolivia in Lauca National Park.

The two main rivers of the region are the Lauca, which flows into the Coipasa lake in Bolivia, and the Lluta, which flows into the Pacific Ocean. Lake Chungará at above sea level ranks as one of the highest in the world

As of 2015, there were (estimated) 239,126 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city in the region is Arica, with 210,936 inhabitants.

In 2007, the region was subdivided to create the Arica y Parinacota region and the present day Tarapacá Region to the south. The region is further subdivided into two provinces: Arica and Parinacota.



Khamseh

The Khamseh is a tribal confederation in the province of Fars in southwestern Iran. It consists of five tribes.It was created in 1861 by Naser al-Din Shah Qajar to decrease strength of the Qashqai, who were gaining so much power. The Khamseh tribes were a mixture of Persians, Turks, and Arabs.



Khamseh Arabs

The Khamseh Arabs are an Arab nomadic and pastoral tribe of the Fars Province in Iran. They are a part of Khamseh confederation. They speak a dialect of Arabic.

The tribe has two branches: Sheybani and Jabbareh


Susana Trimarco

Susana Trimarco or Sara Susana del Valle Trimarco de Veron (born May 25, 1954 in San Miguel de Tucumán) is an Argentinian mother. In 2007 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

In 2002, Trimarco's daughter, Maria de los Angeles Veron ("Marita"), disappeared. She was kidnapped by human traffickers. Trimarco went to brothels to look for her daughter. She said she wanted to buy women. She did not find Marita, but she found 129 other women and got their freedom. 

Trimarco saved many women. Some of them stayed at her house. Finally there were so many women she could not take care of them, so she started the Fundacion Maria de los Angeles, named for her daughter. 

Cecilia Bowes-Lyon, Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne

Cecilia Nina Bowes-Lyon, Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne, née Cavendish-Bentinck,GCVO (11 September 1862 – 23 June 1938) was the mother of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother and maternal grandmother and godmother of Elizabeth II.

Lauperswil

Lauperswil is a municipality of the administrative district Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Lauperswil, Emmenmatt, Wittenbach, Längenbach, Moosegg, Obermatt, Mungnau and Zollbrück.


Lauterbrunnen

Lauterbrunnen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Ruzizi River

The Ruzizi River, or Rusizi River, is a river, long. It flows from Lake Kivu to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa.

A notorious man-eating crocodile, Gustave, roams the banks of the Ruzizi River and the northern shores of Lake Tanganyika. Gustave is a Nile crocodile and is about long and weighs about . He is said to have killed and eaten many people. Though the actual number is difficult to verify, he is a near-mythical creature and is greatly feared by people in the region.

Leimiswil

Leimiswil was a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, Kleindietwil and Leimiswil were merged with the municipality of Madiswil.

Popi Maliotaki

Popi Malliotaki ( 16 October 1971), is a Greek singer. Malliotaki has credited with gold record for her second album entitled "Alli Mia Fora".

Malliotaki was born in Ierapetra, Crete. Popi has released three albums and several singles. She has collaborated with important Greek artists in the music industry and is over 20 years in the song field. In 2008 after the great success of the third album entitled "Popara", she collaborated with mobile operator "Helen Q Card" and released calling card with name "Popara" which was the title of their third album.

She has been married twice. From her first marriage with singer Sakis Galanis has a daughter and the name of the daughter is Rania. Her second marriage was in 1999 and lasted until 2008. From her second marriage with businessman Babis Lazaridis has a son, Vasilis.

In December 2008, her husband murdered by unknown men in the area of Voula in Athens.




Leissigen

Leissigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Lenk

Lenk or Lenk im Simmental is a municipality in the administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Leuzigen

Leuzigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. The village is between the cities Biel/Bienne and Solothurn and borders on the river Aare.


Ligerz

Ligerz () is a municipality of the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Limpach, Switzerland

Limpach was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Limpach, Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Grafenried, Mülchi, Schalunen and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Daniel Harvey Hill

Daniel Harvey Hill, or more commonly D. H. Hill, (July 12, 1821 - September 24, 1889) was a Confederate Major general during the American Civil War. He was an officer in the Mexican-American War and received two brevet promotions for his performance; one to captain and another to major. He left the army to become a Professor. When North Carolina seceded from the Union, Hill was appointed Colonel of the 1st North Carolina Infantry. By 1862 he was a major general serving in the Army of Northern Virginia. Hill's reputation was tarnished over the lost copy of Special Order 191 which fell into the hands of Union general George McClellan. This gave away Robert E. Lees plans for the Confederate Maryland Campaign. He was considered a military genius by some, including Lieutenant general Stonewall Jackson (his Brother-in-law).

Hill was born on July 12, 1821 at Hill's Iron Works in York County, South Carolina. He was the son of Solomon and Nancy Hill. His grandfather, William Hill, a native of Ireland, built an iron foundry that made cannon for the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War. He was also a Revolutionary War soldier. Hill was educated locally and in 1838 accepted an appointment to the United States Military Academy at West Point. He was in the same class as James Longstreet, William Rosecrans, John Pope, and George Sykes. He graduated four years later ranked 28th in a class of 56. He was given a commission in the 1st US Artillery.

He participated in nearly every important battle in the Mexican–American War. He rose to the rank of First lieutenant. He won the brevet rank of Captain at the battles of Contreras and Churubusco. For his actions at the Battle of Chapultepec he was breveted the rank of major. The state of 
South Carolina gave him a gold sword in appreciation for his services. 

He resigned from the army in 1849 and became Professor of Mathematics at Washington College (now Washington and Lee University). In 1854 Hill became a professor at Davidson College. In 1859 he resigned his chair position to become the superintendent of the North Carolina Military Institute.

As a colonel of the 1st North Carolina Infantry he quickly became successful. In 1861 he led his forces to a victory in the Battle of Big Bethel (Virginia). By the spring of the following year, Hill had been promoted to major general in the Army of Northern Virginia. He led his division at the battles of Yorktown, Williamsburg, Seven Pines and all through the Seven Days Battles. It was Hill who advised his commander, Robert E. Lee, not to attack the Union positions at the Battle of Malvern Hill saying "If General McClellan is there in strength, we had better let him alone." Lee ignored the advice and the attacks were unsuccessful. Hill was left to defend Richmond, Virginia during the Northern Virginia Campaign. While in Richmond, Hill and Union general John Adams Dix worked out a system to exchange prisoners of war. He rejoined Lee for the Maryland Campaign. 

It was during the Maryland Campaign that Hill was mistakenly sent two copies of Special Order 191. The second copy, which came to be known as the "lost copy" was found on September 13 by a Union soldier who quickly sent it up the chain of command to McClellan. Now McClellan knew the details of how Lee had weakened his forces by splitting them up into several columns. It also laid out where each part of his army was to be at any given time. McClellan acted, quicker than usual, and attacked Lee's positions. Hill's outnumbered men delayed the Union advance at the Battle of South Mountain long enough for Lee to regroup. Three days later Hill's division defended the "Bloody Lane" against several Union attacks at the Battle of Antietam before being driven back. Hill's division was also in the Battle of Fredericksburg. In 1863 Hill was sent to help defend Southern Virginia and North Caroline. He never returned to Lee's army. He was next sent west to command a Corps under Lieutenant general Braxton Bragg. At the Battle of Chickamauga Hill led his corps. But he did not get along at all with Bragg and was left without a command. This also stopped his promotion to Lieutenant general. He did not command troops again until the 

In the spring of 1863, Hill was detached to help defend North Carolina and Southern Virginia. He never rejoined Lee’s army. After helping defend Richmond during Lee’s Gettysburg Campaign, Hill was sent west to command a corps in Braxton Bragg’s Army of Tennessee. Hill led his corps in the victory at the Battle of Chickamauga. After the battle, however, tensions with Bragg led to Hill being sidelined and to the cancellation of his promotion to lieutenant general. Hill did not command troops again until the final weeks of the war at the Battle of Bentonville.

Hill was a very good combat leader but he made enemies among other Confederate generals. He was said to be sarcastic, abrupt and often insulting. James Longstreet once said Hill's problem was he was a North Carolinian in an army of Virginians.

Hill edited a magazine at Charlotte called "The Land We Love." Between 1877 and 1880 he was president of the Arkansas Industrial university (later renamed the University of Arkansas). Following that he was president of the Middle Georgia Military and Agricultural College (now Georgia Military College). He remained there until August of 1889 when ill health caused him to resign. He died at Charlotte September 23, 1899. Hill was buried at the Davidson College Cemetery.

Belpberg

Belpberg is a former municipality of the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

The municipality of Belpberg merged on 1 January 2012 into the municipality of Belp.

Linden, Switzerland

Linden is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Lohnstorf

Lohnstorf was a municipality in Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the municipalities Kirchenthurnen, Lohnstorf and Mühlethurnen joined together to become the new municipality Thurnen.

Lotzwil

Lotzwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Loveresse

Loveresse is a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Brevet (military)

A brevet in most militaries is a promotion to a higher rank without the increase in pay or full privileges. It is often given as an honor. It was a term borrowed from the British during the American Revolutionary War and used in the Continental Army. Since that time the United States Congress has had several reasons for granting brevet ranks. In some of these instances the officer received the higher pay of the breveted rank. The term brevet comes from the Latin words "breve" and "brevia" meaning a legal brief.

In the early history, the King of France would call on his feudal lords for troops. These feudal lords raised armies and appointed officers, but they did not have the authority to give a rank in the king's army. The king would give a commissioned rank to leaders that would be recognized throughout his army by the use of Letters patent or brevet. Soon all French officers from a cornet (sub-lieutenant) to the Marshal of France received their commission in this way. They came to be styled "Officers a'Brevet". The official document granting the brevet was called a "brevet d'invention".

The British army that served in the American colonies during the American Revolution were made up of mostly infantry regiments. During the war the strength (numbers) of infantry regiments varied. The actual strength was usually not the established strength. But in general, a regiment at the time averaged about 500 soldiers. Regiments were then divided into ten companies usually of equal size. Each company had three officers and was commanded by a captain. Three of these company captains also held a higher rank in the regiment. These included the colonel, the lieutenant colonel and the major. Collectively these three were called "field officers". So in actuality, each regiment had three field officers and seven captains for a total of ten. On muster rolls it was not unusual to see an officer listed as "Major and Captain". But usually, only the higher of the officer's two ranks were used. But, whereas companies were commanded by captains, it is sometime curious to see mention of something like "Lt. Col. Campbell's company" (instead of Captain Campbell's company).

In 1861, during the American Civil War, graduates of West Point were given commissions in the Union Army as brevet 2nd lieutenants. This was because there were not enough vacancies to commission them as 2nd lieutenants. Many officers have held brevet commissions for gallant actions, meritorious service or to serve in a staff position when their permanent rank did not allow it. After the war there were thousands of brevet officers. Of the 1,978 Civil War generals, 1,700 were brevet Brigadier generals or Major generals, most with a date of rank of 13 March 1865. Many, Like George Armstrong Custer held the brevet rank of major general, but wanting to remain in the army after the war was returned to his permanent rank of captain.

Parinacota Province

Parinacota Province () is a province of Chile. It belongs to the Arica and Parinacota region (XV), the northernmost and the newest of the Chilean regions. Its capital is Putre.

It is named after the Parinacota volcano.

The Arica and Parinacota region was created on 8 October 2007 under Law 20.175, promulgated on March 23, 2007. The law divided the former "Tarapacá" region into two: the northern portion became the XV Arica y Parinacota Region, and the southern portion remained the I Tarapacá Region.

The Parinacota province has an area of .

Parinacota borders Peru to the north, Bolivia to the east, the Tamarugal province in the Tarapacá region to the south and the Arica province to the west.

 (last national census), there were 3,156 people (2,106 men and 1,050 women) living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest town of the province is Putre, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 1,498 inhabitants.

As a province, Parinacota is a second-level administrative division, consisting of two communes ("comunas"): General Lagos in the northern portion and Putre in the south. The town of Putre is the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Abbas Kiarostami

Abbas Kiarostami ( ; 22 June 1940 – 4 July 2016) was an Iranian movie director, screenwriter, photographer and movie producer.

He was known for making documentaries or short movies. His best known works are the "Koker trilogy" (1987–94), "Close-Up" (1990), "Taste of Cherry" (1997) and "The Wind Will Carry Us" (1999). In his later works, "Certified Copy" (2010) and "Like Someone in Love".

Kiarostami died at a Paris hospital on 4 July 2016 from gastrointestinal cancer, aged 76.

Kiarostami's cinematic style is characterized by realism, minimalism, ambiguity, metafiction, poetic imagery, and humanistic themes, reflecting empathy and simplicity. He was known for innovative techniques and collaborative filmmaking.

Kathryn Beaumont

Kathryn Beaumont (born 27 June 1938) is an English actress, singer and school teacher who is best known for providing Disney animated films with the voices of both Alice in "Alice in Wonderland" (1951); and Wendy Darling in "Peter Pan" (1953) for which she was named a Disney Legend in 1998.

Beaumont retired as the voice of Alice and Wendy in 2005, her roles as these two characters was taken over by Hynden Walch since 2005.

She was married to Allan Levine 1981. Divorced 2010, no children



Parinacota Volcano

Parinacota or Parina Quta (from Aymara "parina" flamingo, "quta" lake, "flamingo lake") is a massive dormant volcano (a stratovolcano) on the border of Chile and Bolivia.

The first ascent of this peak was made by Carlos Terán, Bolivian, and Joseph Prem, Austrian on 12 December 1928.

It is part of the Payachata volcanic group formed by the Parinacota together with the Pleistocene peak of Pomerape.

The volcano and Pomerape straddle the border between Sajama National Park (Oruro Department, Bolivia) and Lauca National Park (Parinacota Province, Chile).



Steven Adams

Steven Funaki Adams (born 20 July 1993) is a New Zealand professional basketball player. He currently plays for the Memphis Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He formerly played for NBA team Oklahoma City Thunder from 2013 to 2020. He also played for the Wellington Saints of the New Zealand National Basketball League in 2011.

Adams was born in Rotorua. He was born to a Tongan mother and an English father. His father, Sid Adams, served in the Royal Navy and later moved to New Zealand. Sid had 18 children with five women. His siblings include champion shot putter Valerie Adams, NBL players Warren and Sid Jr., and para-athlete Lisa Adams.

Enes Kanter

Enes Kanter Freedom (born 1992) is a Turkish basketball player. He plays the center position. He has played for the Utah Jazz, the Oklahoma City Thunder, and the New York Knicks.

Param Vir Chakra

The Param Vir Chakra (PVC) is India's highest military decoration awarded for the highest degree of valour or self-sacrifice in the presence of the enemy. The medal has been awarded 21 times, 14 of which were posthumous awards.

Literally Param Vir Chakra means "Wheel (or Cross) of the Ultimate Brave", it is equal to the Medal of Honor in the United States and the Victoria Cross in the United Kingdom.

Instituted on 26 January 1950, by the President of India, with effect from 15 August 1947, this award can also be awarded posthumously. Officers or enlisted personnel from all branches of the Indian Armed Forces are eligible for the award. Recipients of the decoration have the right to use PVC as a postnominal abbreviation.

There is a provision for the award of a bar for a second (or subsequent) awards of the Param Vir Chakra, with a replica of the Vajra, the weapon of Indra, the god of heaven. However, no one has received it to date.

Robin Hardy

Robin St. Clair Rimington Hardy (2 October 1929 – 1 July 2016) was an English screenwriter and movie director. His most famous directorial work is the 1973 movie "The Wicker Man". 


Caroline Aherne

Caroline Mary Aherne (24 December 1963 – 2 July 2016) was an English comedian and BAFTA Award-winning writer and actress. She grew up in Wythenshawe. She was best known for performing as the chat show host "Mrs Merton". She was also known for her roles in the "The Fast Show", and as lead in the "The Royle Family", a show that she co-wrote.

On 2 July 2016, Aherne died at her home in Timperley, Greater Manchester from throat cancer at the age of 52.

Roscoe Brown

Roscoe C. Brown, Jr. (March 9, 1922 – July 2, 2016) was one of the Tuskegee Airmen and a squadron commander of the 100th Fighter Squadron of the 332nd Fighter Group. He served in the U.S. Army Air Forces in Europe during World War II. During this period, Captain Brown shot down an advanced German Me-262 jet fighter and a FW-190 fighter.

Rudolf E. Kálmán

Rudolf (Rudi) Emil Kálmán (; May 19, 1930 – July 2, 2016) was a Hungarian-born American electrical engineer, mathematician, and inventor. 

He was known for his co-invention and development of the Kalman filter. It was a mathematical algorithm that is widely used in signal processing, control systems, and guidance, navigation and control. For this work, U.S. President Barack Obama awarded Kálmán the National Medal of Science on October 7, 2009.

Robert Nye

Robert Nye FRSL (15 March 1939 – 2 July 2016) was an English poet and author. His bestselling novel "Falstaff" was published in 1976. It was described by Michael Ratcliffe (writing in "The Times") as "one of the most ambitious and seductive novels of the decade", and went on to win both The Hawthornden Prize and Guardian Fiction Prize. 

The novel was also included in Anthony Burgess's "99 Novels: The Best in English Since 1939" (1984).

Jack C. Taylor

Jack Crawford Taylor (April 14, 1922 – July 2, 2016) was an American businessman, philanthropist and billionaire. He founded the Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He was worth a US$8.6 billion as of February 2016.

Taylor died on July 2, 2016 in St. Louis, Missouri, aged 94.


Michael Beaumont, 22nd Seigneur of Sark

John Michael Beaumont OBE (20 December 1927 – 3 July 2016) was the twenty-second Seigneur of Sark in the Channel Islands.

He worked as a civil engineer before replacing his paternal grandmother, Sibyl Hathaway, the 21st Dame of Sark, in 1974.

During his rule, Beaumont saw the loss of many feudal rights enjoyed by the seigneurs, and was consequently often described as the "last feudal baron".

Roger Dumas

Roger Dumas (9 May 1932 – 2 July 2016) was a French actor and comedian. He appeared in more than 100 movies between 1954 and 2016. He was born in Annonay, Ardèche. He was known for his roles in "That Man from Rio", "Le Concert", and "The First Day of the Rest of Your Life".

Dumas died in Paris, France on 2 July 2016, aged 84.


Lou Fontinato

Louis Joseph "Leapin' Louie" Fontinato (January 20, 1932 – July 3, 2016) was a Canadian defenceman in the National Hockey League. He played with the New York Rangers from 1954 to 1961 and the Montreal Canadiens from 1961 to 1963.

Beatrice de Cardi

Beatrice Eileen de Cardi (5 June 1914 – 5 July 2016) was a British archaeologist. He worked in the study of the Persian Gulf and the Baluchistan region of Pakistan. She was president of the British Foundation for the Study of Arabia, and she was Secretary of the Council for British Archaeology from 1949 to 1973.


Lüscherz

Lüscherz is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Kim Chaek

Kim Chaek (Korea:김책, 金策; 14 August 1903 – January 31 1951) was a North Korean resistance activist, military leader, politician and poet. His realname was Kim Hong-gye(김홍계, 金洪啓). First Industry Minister of DPRK, September 2 1948 to January 31 1951. He was military leader of North Korea in the time of Korean War.

In his child years, his family went to Manchuria after 1926, he joined to communist organization. In 1925, he was study to Dongheung Middle school, but in 1927, dropped out of Middle School. In 1930s he was in a communist military organization and friend of Soviet Union. In September 2, 1948, he was appointed to Industry Minister of DPRK, until his death. In January 31, 1951, he died in battle at the time of Korean war, in Pyongyang. His death cause was myocardial infarction or wartime bombing.

UEFA Euro 2016 Final

The UEFA Euro 2016 Final was a football match that took place on 10 July 2016 at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis, Île-de-France, France. The game determined the winner of the UEFA Euro 2016. The match was played with Portugal and France, and Portugal won the match with a goal from Éder at the 109th minute.

<section begin=j1 /><section end=j1 />
<section begin=lineups />

</includeonly><section end=lineups />
Match rules


Sperlinga

Sperlinga is a comune in the province of Enna, in the central part of Sicily. Sperlinga is about above sea level. It is on a hill on the southern slopes of the Nebrodi mountains, about north of Enna. It has a number of dwellings. The village has a large medieval castle, dating from Norman times.

In 2014 the population was 819 people. The main activity in the area is farming.

The village is first mentioned (as "Sperlingua") in a document belonging to the Norman Count Roger from 1082. The castle is first mentioned in 1113.

It is believed that Sperlinga did not take part in the Sicilian Vespers, the bloody uprising against the Angevin French rulers of Sicily in 1282. The village may have offered them protection. There was an inscription over a door in the castle which read , meaning "what pleased the Sicilians, only Sperlinga denied".

From about 1360 Sperlinga was ruled by the Ventimiglia family. In 1597 it was sold for 30,834 ounces of gold to Giovanni Natoli. Natoli was granted a "licentia populandi" or "licence to populate" by the king of Sicily, Philip II of Spain, and was made Prince of Sperlinga in 1627. His son Francesco sold Sperlinga in 1656 to Giovanni Stefano Oneto, but kept the princely title. Oneto was made Duke of Sperlinga in 1666 by Charles II of Spain.

During the Allied invasion of Sicily, in the Second World War, Allied forces moved past Sperlinga to envelop Nicosia, a few kilometres to the south. They met strong resistance. After a show of force by American tanks, the Axis forces withdrew from Sperlinga and Nicosia during the night of 27 July 1943. Units of the American 16th Infantry Regiment entered Sperlinga the next morning.

Lütschental

Lütschental is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Italy national under-21 football team

The Italy national under-21 football team is the national under-21 football team of Italy. They are the most successful team in the UEFA European Under-21 Championship (with 5 titles).

Andrea Pirlo has made the most appearances for the team, with 46, and Alberto Gilardino is the top scorer, with 19 goals.

Since 1992 Olympics football changed to U-23 event, and the European U-21 teams, technically is a U-23 teams.
The winner, runner-up and third place of UEFA U-21 Championship qualify for Olympics.




Lützelflüh

Lützelflüh is a municipality in the administrative district Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Lyssach

Lyssach is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Madiswil

Madiswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Since January 1, 2007, Gutenburg is part of the municipality. On 1 January 2011, Kleindietwil and Leimiswil were merged with the municipality of Madiswil.


Gutenburg, Switzerland

Gutenburg was a municipality in the Swiss canton of Bern.

On January 1, 2007, Gutenburg became part of the municipality of Madiswil.

Malleray

Malleray was a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Malleray, Bévilard and Pontenet merged into the new municipality of Valbirse.

Hämikon

Hämikon was a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Hämikon, Gelfingen, Mosen, Müswangen, Retschwil and Sulz merged into the municipality of Hitzkirch.

Hitzkirch

Hitzkirch is a municipality in Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, Gelfingen, Hämikon, Mosen, Müswangen, Retschwil and Sulz joined Hitzkirch. On 1 January 2021, Altwis became a part of Hitzkirch.


Brief (law)

In law a brief is a formal written argument submitted to a court. It is in a format required by that particular court system. in civil law A brief generally contains the legal arguments in a lawsuit. In a criminal procedure briefs involve the state prosecuting one or more defendants for breaking one or more laws. In general, briefs contain references to the statutes, legal precedents and arguments applied to the facts for this particular case. When an attorney writes a brief, they are implicitly promising to give the court good reasons for ruling in favor of their client.

An appellate brief is a brief prepared for an appellate court. An "amicus curiae", literally a "friend of the court", is a third party not involved in the case but who has a strong interest in the case. They may ask the court's permission to file an amicus brief in support of one of the parties.

Matten bei Interlaken

Matten is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Letters patent

Letters patent (always in the plural) are a type of legal instrument in the form of a published written order issued by a monarch, or government. They are generally used in granting an office, right, monopoly, title, or status to a person or corporation. Letters patent can be used for the creation of corporations or government offices. They may be used for the granting of city status or a coat of arms. Letters patent are issued for the appointment of representatives of the Crown, such as Governors and Governors-General of Commonwealth realms. In the United Kingdom they are also issued for the creation of peers of the realm. A particular form of letters patent has evolved into the modern patent (referred to as a utility patent or design patent in United States patent law). This grants exclusive rights of an invention (or a design in the case of a design patent). In this case it is essential that the written grant should be in the form of a public document so other inventors can consult it to avoid infringement. It is also important to understand how to "practice" the invention or put it into practical use.

The opposite of letters patent are letters close. These are personal in nature and sealed so that only the recipient can read their contents. Letters patent are comparable to other kinds of open letters in that their audience is wide. 

Mattstetten

Mattstetten is a municipality of the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Ravichandran Ashwin

Ravichandran Ashwin (born 17 September 1986 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu) is an Indian cricketer playing for the international team. He is a right arm spin bowler. But he bats too well in Test cricket.Ashwin is a right hand batsman. He is a 6 ft 2 inch tall cricketer.

Ravichandran Ashwin had played for Indian international cricket team, Chennai Super Kings (IPL), Rising Pune Supergiants (IPL), Tamil Nadu (Ranji trophy) etc. teams.

Ashwin scored 2 centuries in Test cricket, 124 and 103 both vs West Indies cricket team. His best bowling figure in Test cricket is 12/85 vs Australia in Hyderabad. Ashwin is the fastest Indian bowler to reach 100 wickets in 18th Test match and 5th fastest bowler in the world. He became the first Indian to hit a century and take 5 wickets in the same match. The third Indian to receive Man of the Match award on debut. He took 28 wickets in a single series against Australia beating Anil Kumble's world record. He totally picked up 176 wickets and scored 1204 runs in 32 Matches.

Ravichandran Ashwin scored 658 runs and picked up 142 wickets in 102 matches. His best bowling figure in ODI is 4/25 vs U.A.E in World Cup 2015. He is appreciated in One day Internationals for his economy rate while bowling and different variations. His highest batting score is 65 vs New Zealand.

Iffwil

Iffwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Meienried

Meienried is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

La Baroche

La Baroche is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Asuel, Charmoille, Fregiécourt, Miécourt and Pleujouse merged into the new municipality of La Baroche.

Uma Shankar Mishra

Uma Shankar Mishra (1923 – 3 July 2016) was an Indian politician. He was an Indian Independence Movement Activist. He served as President-District Congress Committee Raebareli until his death in 2016. His political party is Indian National Congress. He was born in Raebareli, Uttar Pradesh.

Mishra died in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh on 3 July 2016, aged 93.

Mauricio Walerstein

Mauricio Walerstein (29 March 1945 – 3 July 2016) was a Mexican movie director, screenwriter and movie producer. He directed 17 movies between 1971 and 2014. His 1973 movie "Cuando quiero llorar no lloro" was entered into the 8th Moscow International Film Festival. He also directed "Spaniards in Paris" (1973).

Walerstein died on 3 July 2016 in Mexico City, Mexico, aged 71.

William Hawkins (writer)

William Alfred Hawkins (May 20, 1940 – July 4, 2016) was a Canadian songwriter, poet, musician and journalist. He was known for his works in the 1960s to Canadian folk rock music and to Canadian poetry. His best known song is "Gnostic Serenade", originally recorded by 3's a Crowd.



Markus Werner

Markus Werner (; 27 December 1944 – 3 July 2016) was a Swiss writer. He was known as the author of the novels "Zündels Abgang" ("Zündel’s Departure") and "Am Hang" ("On the Edge"). He was born in Eschlikon, Thurgau. From 1975 to 1985, he worked as a teacher, and from 1985 to 1990 as an assistant professor at the "Kantonsschule" (high school) in Schaffhausen.

Werner died on 3 July 2016 in Schaffhausen, Switzerland, aged 72.


Gordon Murray (puppeteer)

Gordon Murray (3 May 1921 – 30 June 2016) was a British television producer and puppeteer. He created and wrote popular children's television programmes. "Camberwick Green", "Trumpton", and "Chigley", known as the "Trumptonshire Trilogy," were all made by the company he set up.

Murray died in London on 30 June 2016, aged 95.

Martin Lundström

Martin Lundström (30 May 1918 – 30 June 2016) was a Swedish cross-country skier. He competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s. He was born in Tvärliden, Norsjö Municipality.

Lundström won two Olympic gold medals during the 1948 Winter Olympics in Saint-Moritz, Switzerland at the 18 km and 4 x 10 km relay events. He also won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1952 Winter Olympics.

Lundström also won at the 18 km event at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1948. Additionally, he won a gold in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1950 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships.

He died in June 2016 in Stockholm at the age of 98.


Geoffrey Hill

Sir Geoffrey William Hill, FRSL (18 June 1932 – 30 June 2016) was an English poet, professor emeritus of English literature and religion, and former co-director of the Editorial Institute, at Boston University. 

Hill has been thought to be among the most famous poets of his generation and was called the "greatest living poet in the English language." 
From 2010 to 2015, he held the position of Professor of Poetry in the University of Oxford. 

Juan Habichuela

Juan Habichuela ("né" Juan Carmona Carmona; 1933 – 30 June 2016) was a Spanish flamenco guitarist. He began his artistic life as a dancer, and later learned guitar.

He wrote songs with many famous Spanish musicians such as Manolo Caracol, Juan Valderrama, Fosforito, and Enrique Morente. He was nominated for the Latin Grammy Award for Best Flamenco Album in 2000. Habichuela received the Latin Grammy Trustees Award in 2012 for "significant contributions, other than performance, to the field of recording during their careers".

Don Friedman

Donald Ernest "Don" Friedman (May 4, 1935 – June 30, 2016) was an American jazz pianist. He was born in San Francisco, California.

Friedman performed with Dexter Gordon, Chet Baker, Buddy DeFranco and Ornette Coleman, among others, before moving to New York. There, he led his own trio in addition to playing in Pepper Adams's, Booker Little's and Jimmy Giuffre's bands in the 1960s. He was also a part of Clark Terry's big band. 

He most recently worked in New York as a pianist and jazz educator. He 

Friedman died on June 30, 2016 in The Bronx, New York, aged 81.

Pat Summitt

Patricia Sue Summitt ("née Head"; June 14, 1952 – June 28, 2016) was an American college basketball head coach. During her career, she won 1,098 games. They are the most in NCAA basketball history. She was born in Clarksville, Tennessee.

She served as the head coach of the University of Tennessee Lady Vols basketball team from 1974 to 2012, before retiring at age 59 because of a diagnosis of early-onset Alzheimer's disease. She won eight NCAA championships (a NCAA women's record when she retired), a number surpassed only by the 10 titles won by UCLA men's coach John Wooden and the 11 titles won by UConn women's coach Geno Auriemma. She was the first NCAA coach, and one of four college coaches overall, with at least 1,000 wins.

Summitt died at a retirement home on June 28, 2016 from dementia in Knoxville, Tennessee, aged 64.


Xu Jiatun

Xu Jiatun (; 10 March 1916 – 29 June 2016) was a Chinese communist politician and dissident. He was the Chinese Communist Party secretary of Jiangsu Province from 1977 to 1983 and the Governor of Jiangsu from 1977 to 1979. After supporting the 1989 Tiananmen Square student protests, he left the country and lived in self-exile in the United States.

Xu died in Los Angeles, California on 29 June 2016 at the age of 100.

Sean Rooks

Sean Lester Rooks (September 9, 1969 – June 7, 2016) was an American professional basketball player. He played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1992 to 2004. He was an Assistant for Player Development for the Philadelphia 76ers. He played college basketball for the Arizona Wildcats, earning all-conference honors in the Pac-10 (known later as the Pac-12) as a senior. He was born in New York City.

For the NBA, Rooks played for the Dallas Mavericks, Minnesota Timberwolves, Atlanta Hawks, Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Clippers, New Orleans Hornets, and the Orlando Magic. He retired from playing in 2012. He was the assistant coach for the Philadelphia 76ers at the time of his death.

Rooks died on June 7, 2016 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from heart disease, aged 46.

Stephen Keshi

Stephen Okechukwu Keshi (23 January 1962 – 7 June 2016) was a Nigerian football defender. He was also a football manager of the Nigeria national team. He was one of only two people, along with Egypt's Mahmoud El-Gohary, to have won the Africa Cup of Nations as both a player and a coach. Considered to be one of the best center backs ever to emerge from Nigeria. He was known as tough defender with good positioning, and rocket shot which helped him score some great goals from free kicks. He wasn't some technician, but could deliver a quality long pass all over the pitch, but on the other hand, his short passes were mostly delivered to his closest teammate. His first touch play wasn't good at some time, and when he made mistakes during the game, they were mostly because of his poor first touch clearances and ball trapping. His positioning was definitely his asset, but occasionally happened to him that he position himself pretty well but then react poorly and miss interception or clearance. He was definitely a threat in the aerial duels. In 2006, he was named one of the "Top 200 African Footballers of the Last 50 Years" by the Confederation of African Football.
He began his football career in his native Nigeria, playing in the Nigerian championship for ACB Lagos and New Nigeria Bank. He then went to Côte d'Ivoire, where he played for Stade Abidjan and Africa Sport with the latter club, winning the national championship and the Cup of the country, after which he moved to Europe. Steven Kesha's first European club was Lokeren, which played in the second strongest division in Belgium. The following season, he moved to Anderlecht from the top flight, where he played for four seasons. With Anderlecht, he won the Belgian championship in the 1990/91 season, two runners-up (1988/89, 1989/90) and two Belgian Cup winners in 1988 and 1989. He played for Anderlecht in the UEFA Champions League. From 1991 to 1993 he played two seasons for Strasbourg. The first season in the second strongest division, where Strasbourg became the winner, and the second season in the top division. Keshi then returned to Belgium, where he played one season for Molenbeek in the top flight. From 1995 to 1996, he played in the United States for semi-professional clubs from California CCV Hydra and Sacramento Scorpions. He finished his playing career in Malaysia with Perlis FA.
From 1981 to 1995, Keshi played football for the Nigerian national team. He made his debut on 18 July 1981 in the match against Upper Volta (1–0). Keshi was the captain of the Super Eagles for a time. In 1994 he won the Africa Cup of Nations with his homeland. That year, he participated in the World Championship for the only time. It was the first time Nigeria was allowed to go to the World Cup. Keshi was the oldest player in the national squad and also captain.

After losing the match in the eighth final against Italy (1-2) at the 1994 World Cup, he ended his international career with immediate effect. Keshi was bitter about the Dutch national coach Clemens Westerhof. "I wasn't drafted because I was critical. He wasn't a coach. He was a chatterbox, a chatterbox."
During his time in the United States, Keshi took a trainer's course. In 2004, he was appointed head coach of Togo. The country, which mainly counted on the qualities of striker Emmanuel Adebayor, could qualify for the 2006 World Cup in Germany under Keshi. It was the first World Cup participation for Togo, which meanwhile underperformed at the Africa Cup of Nations '06. Due to Togo's poor performance, the Football Association decided to replace Keshi with Otto Pfister. As a result, Keshi was not allowed to go to the World Cup.

Keshi also got into a heated argument with Emmanuel Adebayor, Togo's star player. Keshi felt that Adebayor was too preoccupied with his transfer to Arsenal. He even called the Nigerian-born forward "a crybaby" after Adebayor did not want to play in a match against Congo due to his mother's illness.

Pfister couldn't stunt with Togo at the World Cup. In addition, the group of players threatened to strike because the Football Association did not pay the salaries. In 2007, Keshi became head coach again. In the same year, Keshi resigned.

The former defender then went to work as Mali's national coach. But another poor performance at the Africa Cup of Nations led to Keshi's dismissal. On 2 November 2011, he was appointed head coach of his native Nigeria. He succeeded his former teammate Samson Siasia. On 16 November 2013, he and his country qualified for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. After a string of disappointing results, he was sacked by the Nigerian Football Association in mid-October.
Keshi died of a heart attack on 7 June 2016 in Benin City, Nigeria, aged 54.
New Nigeria Bank

Stade d'Abidjan

Africa Sports
Anderlecht


Nigeria

Nigeria

Sascha Lewandowski

Sascha Lewandowski (5 October 1971 – 8 June 2016) was a German football manager. He last managed Union Berlin. Lewandowski was head coach of VfL Bochum II between 1 July 2006 to 31 December 2006. He was appointed as the head coach of Union Berlin on 1 September 2015. He stepped down on 4 March 2016, after six months in charge.

He was born on 5 October 1971 in Dortmund, West Germany. On 9 June 2016, Lewandowski was found dead at his home in Bochum, Germany. He had died the day before his body was found.

Qahhor Mahkamov

Qahhor Mahkamov (; alternative spelling Kahar Mahkamov; born April 16, 1932 – June 8, 2016) was a Tajik politician. He served as First Secretary of the Communist Party of Tajikistan and was the first President of Tajikistan. He served as president from 1990 through 1991.


Marina Malfatti

Marina Malfatti (25 April 1933 – 8 June 2016) was an Italian actress. She was born in Florence, Italy. She was known for her roles in "The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave", "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times", and in "Black Killer".

Malfatti died on 8 June 2016 in Rome, Italy, aged 83. 

Hamza Ali

Hamza Sultan Ali, also known as Hamza Shabbir (8 August 1995 – 9 June 2016) was an English cricketer. 

He played for Hampshire, MCC Young Cricketers and Rawalpindi Rams. He played with his right-arm. He was a fast-medium bowler. He also batted right handed. Ali attended City Academy Bristol and Filton Sixth Form College.

Ali died after drowning at the River Avon, Bristol on 9 June 2016, aged 20.

Meikirch

Meikirch is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Nicole Courcel

Nicole Courcel (21 October 1931 – 25 June 2016) was a French actress. She was popular through the 1950s and 1960s. She was born in Saint-Cloud, western suburbs of Paris.

She appeared in 43 movies between 1947 and 1979. After working as an extra in a few movies, she won a major role in "Rendez-vous de juillet" (1949), with Brigitte Auber. In 1970, she turned to television appearing in different television movies and miniseries, in which she continued to work until 2004.

Courcel is best known for her role in Serge Bourguignon's "Sundays and Cybele" (1962). She had notable parts in: "La Marie du port" (1950, opposite Jean Gabin), Sacha Guitry's "Royal Affairs in Versailles" (1954), and "La Sorcière" (1956, opposite Marina Vlady).

Courcel died on 25 June 2016 in Paris, aged 84.


Seven Days Battles

The Seven Days Battles (June 25, 1862 – July 1, 1862) were a series of six major battles fought near Richmond, Virginia during the American Civil War. Union army. In early 1862, Major general George B. McClellan’s Army of the Potomac landed at Hampton, Virginia and began fighting its way up the Virginia Peninsula. By mid-may his army of over 100,000 soldiers were on the outskirts of Richmond, Virginia, the Confederate capital. If McClellan could capture Richmond, it could end the war. The city was defended by the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia. The two armies had just fought the Battle of Seven Pines in which the Confederate general, Joseph E. Johnston, was wounded. Jefferson Davis appointed General Robert E. Lee as the new commander. Lee's victory in the Seven Days Battles proved to be among the most decisive battles of the Peninsula Campaign.

Meinisberg

Meinisberg () is a municipality of the administrative district Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Siege of Yorktown (1862)

The Battle of Yorktown or Siege of Yorktown was fought from April 5 to May 4, 1862, as part of the Peninsula Campaign of the American Civil War. Marching from Fort Monroe, Union Major general George B. McClellan's Army of the Potomac encountered Maj. Gen. John B. Magruder's small Confederate force at Yorktown. McClellan suspended his march up the Virginia Peninsula toward Richmond and settled in for siege operations.

On April 5, the IV Corps of Brigadier general Erasmus D. Keyes made initial contact with Confederate defensive works at Lee's Mill. This was an area McClellan expected to move through without resistance. Magruder's movement of troops back and forth convinced the Union that his works were strongly held. As the two armies fought an artillery duel, reconnaissance indicated to Keyes the strength of the Confederate fortifications, and he advised McClellan against assaulting them. McClellan ordered the construction of siege fortifications and brought his heavy siege guns to the front. In the meantime, Gen. Joseph E. Johnston brought reinforcements for Magruder.

On April 16, Union forces probed a point in the Confederate line at Dam No. 1. The Union failed to exploit the initial success of this attack, however. This lost opportunity held up McClellan for two additional weeks while he tried to convince the U.S. Navy to bypass the Confederates' big guns at Yorktown and Gloucester Point and ascend the York River to West Point and outflank the Warwick Line. McClellan planned a massive bombardment for dawn on May 5. But the Confederate army had slipped away during the night of May 3 toward Williamsburg.

The battle took place near the site of the 1781 Siege of Yorktown, the final battle of the American Revolutionary War in the east.

Bill Cunningham

William John "Bill" Cunningham Jr. (March 13, 1929 – June 25, 2016) was an American fashion photographer for "The New York Times". He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Cunningham was known for his candid and street photography. He first became known as a designer of women's hats before moving on to writing about fashion for "Women's Wear Daily" and the "Chicago Tribune". He began taking candid photographs on the streets of New York City. His work came to the attention of "The New York Times" with a 1978 capture of Greta Garbo in an unguarded moment. Cunningham reported for the paper from 1978 to 2016.

Cunningham died from complications of a stroke at a New York City hospital on June 25, 2016, aged 87.


Meiringen

Meiringen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Balm, Brünigen, Eisenbolgen, Hausen, Prasti, Sand, Stein, Unterbach, Unterheidon, Wylerli and Zaun.


Ron Lester

Ron Lester (August 4, 1970 – June 17, 2016) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles in the movies "Varsity Blues", "Not Another Teen Movie", "Good Burger", and the TV show "Popular". He was born in Kennesaw, Georgia.

Lester died at a hospital in Dallas, Texas on June 17, 2016 from liver and kidney failure, aged 45.


David Morgenthaler

David Turner Morgenthaler (August 5, 1919 – June 17, 2016) was an American businessman and capitalist. He founded the venture capital firm Morgenthaler Ventures. He was also important in helping change the U.S. capital gains tax rate from 49% to 28% in 1978 and amending ERISA legislation to allow pension funds to invest in venture capital in 1979. He was born in Chester, South Carolina.

Morgenthaler died on June 17, 2016 in Cleveland, Ohio, aged 96.


Betty Reid Soskin

Betty Reid Soskin ("nee Charbonnet"; born September 22, 1921) is a retired African-American Park Ranger with the National Park Service. Soskin spoke clearly about how important national parks are. She said national parks are very important for telling American history. She helped to develop the Rosie the Riveter/World War II Home Front National Historical Park in Richmond, California. She works there as a ranger. 

Until her retirement in 2022 at aged 100, she was the oldest National Park Ranger in the United States.

Soskin was most famous for being a guide at the Rosie the Riveter World War II National Park. She talked about how the story of World War II that we hear was mainly white and male. She also supports national parks and how they educate the public. She also talks about her and her family's experiences with racism.

On March 31, 2022, Soskin retired from the National Park Service.

Soskin was born on September 22, 1921, in Detroit, Michigan. She was a mix of Spanish, French, and African, but identified as black. Betty married Mel Reid and they had four kids shortly after graduating high school. She experienced racism and decided to get involved in the civil rights movement. The couple started a business called Reid’s Records in 1945. They got a divorce after about 30 years of being married. 

Soskin then married Bill Soskin in 1976 but their marriage ended after just four years. She later worked to make less drugs and crime in Berkeley, California after that. She got a job as a businesswoman. After, she helped plan the Rosie the Riveter and World War II National Park in Richmond, California.

Soskin turned 100 in September 2021.


Mary Feik

Mary Feik (March 9, 1924 – June 10, 2016) was an American aviation engineer, master mechanic, pilot, instructor and aircraft restorer. She received many awards and honors in her career. She was a colonel in the Civil Air Patrol.

Feik died in Annapolis, Maryland from cancer on June 10, 2016, aged 92.


William L. Armstrong

William Lester "Bill" Armstrong (March 16, 1937 – July 5, 2016) was an American businessman and politician. He was a member of the Republican party. He served as a United States Representative and Senator from Colorado.

Armstrong died in Lakewood, Colorado on July 5, 2016 from cancer, aged 79.

Alexander Gorlov

Alexander M. Gorlov (March 23, 1931 – June 10, 2016) was a Russian-born American mechanical engineer. He was Professor Emeritus and Director of Hydro-Pneumatic Power Laboratory at Northeastern University in Boston, Massachusetts. He was known for creating the Gorlov Helical Turbine.

Alex Govan

Alexander "Alex" Govan (16 June 1929 – 10 June 2016) was a Scottish professional footballer. He played at outside left. Most of his career, he played with Plymouth Argyle (in two spells) and with Birmingham City during their most successful period in the 1950s. He also had a short spell with Portsmouth. 

Govan died at his Plymouth, England home on 10 June 2016 at the age of 86.

Habib (singer)

Habib Mohebian (; 27 September 1947 – 10 June 2016), commonly known as Habib, was an Iranian singer-songwriter. He was born in Tehran.

Habib has many hit songs such as “Marde Tanhaye Shab”, “Shahla”, and “Madar”. The song “Shahla” was inspired after listening to an Azeri performer. However, there is a common misconception that Shahla has been inspired by Habib’s ex-wife (the name of his ex-wife is Shaadi and not Shahla).

Habib died on June 10, 2016 in Ramsar, Mazandaran, Iran, from a heart attack, aged 68.


Gopal Gurung

Gopal Gurung ( ( July 27, 1935 – June 10, 2016) was a Nepali journalist, author, politician and futurist of global politics. He led the fight against the discrimination done by the Indo Aryan (Bahun and Kshetri) people to the indigenous Mongol people of Nepal.<ref name="books.google/"></ref> He was the founder president of Mongol National Organization (MNO) and the first pioneer of republican Nepal.

Mimmo Palmara

Domenico "Mimmo" Palmara (25 July 1928 – 10 June 2016) was an Italian actor. He was born in Cagliari. Palmara made his movie debut in 1952 as character actor in drama movies by famous directors such as Luchino Visconti, Mario Monicelli and Antonio Pietrangeli. He was known for his roles as Sheriff Steven Benson in "For One Thousand Dollars Per Day".

Palmara died on 10 June 2016 in Rome, Italy, aged 87.


Deaths in July 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in July 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































Vasyl Slipak

Vasyl Yaroslavovych Slipak (, December 20, 1974 – June 29, 2016) was a Ukrainian baritone opera singer. From 1994, he performed in France at such venues as Paris Opéra and Opéra Bastille. For his opera performance, Slipak received several awards, including "Best Male Performance" for the Toreador Song. Hero of Ukraine.


Following the outbreak of the War in Donbass|pro-Russian insurgency in Donbass, Slipak returned to Ukraine and join in the 2014 Ukrainian revolution. In 2015, Slipak joined the fights against pro-Russian insurgents as a member of the 7th Battalion of the Volunteer Ukrainian Corps of the Right Sector.

On 29 June 2016, Slipak was killed by a sniper shot near Luhanske, Bakhmut Raion. He was aged 41.

Alfred Oftedal Telhaug

Alfred Oftedal Telhaug (25 September 1934 – 10 June 2016) was a Norwegian educator.

Telhaug was born in Skudeneshavn. He graduated from Stavanger Cathedral School in 1953, the University of Oslo in 1962, and took the Ph.D. degree at the University of Trondheim in 1990.

He was assigned with "Norges Lærerhøgskole" in Trondheim (later the Norwegian University of Science and Technology) from 1967 to 2001, and chaired the University's Institute of Pedagogy for three periods. From 1973 to 1981, he edited the journal "Norsk Pedagogisk Tidsskrift".

His publications include "Fra parallelle skoler til enhetsskole" from 1974, "Vår nye videregående skole" from 1975, "Norsk skoleutvikling etter 1945" from 1982, and "Norsk utdanningspolitisk retorikk 1945–2000" from 1999. He was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.

Giuseppe Virgili

Giuseppe Virgili (24 July 1935 – 10 June 2016) was an Italian footballer. He played as a striker.

He was born in Udine, Italy. Virgili played for Udinese, Fiorentina, Torino, Bari, Livorno and Taranto. He entered the Fiorentina Hall of Fame in 2013.

He also scored two goals in 7 appearances for the national team.

Virgili died in hospital at the age of 80, following an illness.

Rudi Altig

Rudi Altig (18 March 1937 – 11 June 2016) was a German professional track and road racing cyclist. He won the 1962 Vuelta a España and the world championship in 1966. After his retirement from sports he worked as a television commentator.

Altig died on 11 June 2016 in Remagen, Germany, as a result of cancer, aged 79.

Scotty Moore

Winfield Scott "Scotty" Moore III (December 27, 1931 – June 28, 2016) was an American guitarist and recording engineer. He was best known for his work with Elvis Presley in the first part of his career, between 1954 and the beginning of Elvis's Hollywood years. 

Moore died on June 28, 2016, in Nashville, Tennessee, at the age of 84.

Buddy Ryan

James David "Buddy" Ryan (February 17, 1931 – June 28, 2016) was an American football coach in the National Football League (NFL) and American Football League (AFL). During his 35-season coaching career, Ryan served as the head coach of the Philadelphia Eagles and Arizona Cardinals, and the defensive coordinator of the Chicago Bears and Houston Oilers of the NFL.

Ryan died at his ranch in Shelbyville, Kentucky on June 28, 2016 from cancer, aged 85.

Lake Chungará

Lake Chungará (from Aymara: "chunkara" "moss on the stone") is a lake in the extreme north of Chile, in the Altiplano of the Arica y Parinacota region. It is the 29th highest lake in the world (and the 10th highest in South America).

The lake is near the volcanos Parinacota () and Pomerape (). It is part of the Lauca National Park, in the Putre comuna. The lake is at about to the east of the town of Putre and about to the west of the border with Bolivia.

In the lake and streams nearby, there are some small fish that are endemic to the lake basin: pencil catfish, "Trichomycterus chungaraensis", and "Orestias chungarensis".


Shaibu Amodu

Shuaibu Amodu (18 April 1958 – 10 June 2016) was a Nigerian football coach and player. Amodu has managed a number of club sides in Nigeria, such as BCC Lions, El-Kanemi Warriors, and Shooting Stars; he also managed Orlando Pirates in South Africa.

He first managed the Nigerian national team from April 2001 to February 2002.

Amodu died on 10 June 2016 in Benin City, aged 58.

Dan Patrick

Daniel Patrick Pugh (born May 15, 1956), known professionally as Dan Patrick, is an American sportscaster, radio personality, and actor. He currently hosts "The Dan Patrick Show" broadcast on radio and television. He also currently co-hosts NBC's "Football Night in America" and serves as a senior writer for "Sports Illustrated". He previously worked at ESPN for 18 years, where he often anchored the weeknight and Sunday 11 p.m. edition of "SportsCenter".


Sully (movie)

Sully is a 2016 American biographical drama movie directed and co-produced by Clint Eastwood. It is written by Todd Komarnicki. It is about the US Airways Flight 1549 and Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger, based on the autobiography "" by Sullenberger and Jeffrey Zaslow.

The movie stars Tom Hanks as Sullenberger, with Aaron Eckhart, Laura Linney, Anna Gunn, Autumn Reeser, Holt McCallany, Jamey Sheridan, and Jerry Ferrara. The movie was released by Warner Bros. on September 9, 2016.

Asghar Bichareh

Asghar Bichareh (Persian اصغر بیچاره; June 11, 1927 – June 11, 2016) was an Iranian photographer and actor. Bichareh was a photographer for the Iranian movie and music industries. He acted in over 23 movies. Bichareh was known for his collection of old cameras and cinema and theater photos. 

Bichareh died of laryngeal cancer on his 89th birthday on June 11, 2016 in Los Angeles, California.


Bryan Robinson

Bryan Keith Robinson, nicknamed "Big Dog", (June 22, 1974June 11, 2016) was an American football defensive tackle. He was originally signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent in 1997. 

Robinson also played for the Chicago Bears, the Miami Dolphins, the Cincinnati Bengals, and the Arizona Cardinals.

On June 11, 2016, Robinson was found dead in a Milwaukee motel room, aged 41.

Lars Skytøen

Lars Mauritz Skytøen (13 December 1929 – 11 June 2016) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was Minister of Industry and Craft 1979-1981.

Kunio Hatoyama

Hatoyama died on 20 June 2016 in a hospital in Tokyo, at the age of 67.

Henk Hofland

Hendrik Johannes Adrianus "Henk" Hofland (; 20 July 1927 – 21 June 2016) was a Dutch journalist, commentator, essayist and columnist. H.J.A. Hofland, as he is also commonly known, is often referred to as the éminence grise of Dutch journalism.

In 1999 he was named Dutch "Journalist of the century" in a nationwide poll among his fans. He once called himself as belonging to the "anarcho-liberal community", though his political orientation is that of the secular center of society.

Al Howie

Al Howie (September 16, 1945 – June 21, 2016) was a Canadian long-distance runner. He was born in Glasgow to Canadian parents. He won more than fifty marathons, ultramarathons and multiday races in over 20 years. He won the 1991 Trans Canada Highway run (7295 kilometers) in the record time of 72 days and 10 hours. He won six-day foot races in California and seven-day races in New York. He was known as theSpartan Tartan. In 1987, Mr. Howie married Claudia Cole.

Howie died in Duncan, British Columbia from complications of diabetes, aged 70.

Joan Acker

Joan Elise Robinson Acker (March 18, 1924 – June 22, 2016) was an American feminist sociologist, researcher, writer, and educator. She was a part of the University of Oregon faculty since 1967. Acker was thought as one of the leading analysts regarding gender and class within the second wave of feminism.

John William Ashe

John William Ashe (20 August 1954 – 22 June 2016) was an Antiguan politician. He was the President of the United Nations General Assembly at its 68th session, which ran September 2013 to September 2014. He was also the ambassador to the United Nations for Antigua and Barbuda between 1995 and 2004.

Ashe died from a heart attack at his home in Dobbs Ferry, New York on 22 June 2016 while awaiting trial by the United States Federal Court. He was 61.

Zurlon Tipton

"This is about the American football player. For other people called Tipton, see Tipton (disambiguation)."

Zurlon Tipton (April 27, 1990 – June 28, 2016) was an American football running back. He played college football at Central Michigan and signed with the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent in 2014. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Tipton died on June 28, 2016 at a hospital in Detroit, Michigan after accidentally shooting himself in the stomach, aged 26.

Mrinal Sen

Mrinal Sen (also spelled "Mrinal Shen", 14 May 1923 – 30 December 2018) was an Indian filmmaker. He was born in Kolkata. He was thought to be one of the greatest ambassadors of Indian parallel cinema on the global stage. His works was known for its artistic depiction of social reality. 

Sen died on 30 December 2018 in Kolkata, West Bengal at the age of 95. The cause was a heart attack.


Inocente Carreño

Inocente José Carreño (28 December 1919 – 29 June 2016) was a Venezuelan composer and academic. He won the Venezuelan National Prize for Music in 1989. He was born in Porlamar, Venezuela.

Carreño died on 29 June 2016 from complications of pneumonia in Porlamar, Venezuela, aged 96.


Pee-wee's Big Holiday

Pee-wee's Big Holiday is a 2016 American adventure comedy movie. It was directed by John Lee and written by Paul Reubens and Paul Rust. The film stars Reubens as Pee-wee Herman. The film was released on March 18, 2016 on Netflix.

"Pee-wee's Big Holiday" received positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film got an 82% approval rating. 44 reviews gave it an average rating of 6.9/10. The site's said, "The simple story is a little short on laughs, but there's plenty of sweet wackiness for Pee-wee Herman fans to enjoy". On Metacritic, the film scorde 63 out of 100, from 19 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

UEFA Euro 1992

The UEFA Euro 1992 was the 9th UEFA European Football Championship tournament. Its formal name was the "1992 UEFA European Football Championship". It was held in 10 June to 26 June. All the European football teams could compete. The defending champion was Netherlands. The tournament was hosted in Sweden. 8 teams were qualified for the final group stage. The winner of the tournament was Denmark after defeating Germany.




UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying

The UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying tournament was a football competition that was played from September 2014 to November 2015. It 
was played to determine who will qualify for the UEFA Euro 2016. The top scorer of the tournament was Poland's Robert Lewandowski with 13 goals. 53 teams participated in the qualification tournament.

France automatically qualified because they are hosts. 23 other teams qualified for the tournament.

This table was made up of each teams performance during the main qualification stage. The best third-place team automatically qualified, but the rest had to go to the play-offs.















Kuk (mythology)

Kek (also spelled as Kuk or Keku) is the ancient Egyptian deity of night and darkness. As a concept, Kek was viewed as having male and female qualities. His female form was known as Kauket (also spelled as Keket), which is simply the female form of the word "Kek".

"Kek"'s male form was seen as a frog, or as a frog-headed man. The female form was seen as a snake, or a snake-headed woman. He also symbolized the unknown and chaos. Kuk was the god of the hours before dawn and was known as "Bringer-in-of-the-Light" as he guided the sun barge of the god Ra toward the sky from the underworld. Kauket, his feminine balance, was depicted as a woman with the head of a serpent also called "Bringer-in-of-the-Darkness" who presided over the hours of twilight when the sun was setting and guided the sun barge into the underworld.

Schönwald, Bavaria

Schönwald is a town in Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany. It is near the border with the Czech Republic, five km northwest of Selb and 18 km southeast of Hof.

Ingólfr Arnarson

Ingólfr Arnarson () and his wife, Hallveig Frodesdatter, are commonly said to be the first permanent Nordic settlers of Iceland. According to tradition, they founded Reykjavík in 874.

According to the Landnámabók (a book which describes the settlement of Iceland by the Norsemen), he built his house in modern-day Reykjavík and named the city as well. Medieval historian Ari Þorgilsson claimed that Arnarson was the first Nordic settler in Iceland, but Irish monks and hermits lived there before he arrived. He also claimed that the they left because they did not want to live with the newly arrived Norse pagans.

The Landnámabók claims that Arnarson left modern-day Norway after becoming involved in a blood feud. He had heard about an island that Garðar Svavarsson, Flóki Vilgerðarson and others found while sailing in the Atlantic ocean. With his step-brother, Hjörleifr Hróðmarsson, he sailed for Iceland. When land was in sight, he threw his high seat pillars overboard and promised to settle where the gods decided to bring them ashore. Two of his slaves then searched the coasts for three years before finding the pillars in the small bay which eventually became Reykjavík.
Meanwhile, Hjörleifr Hróðmarsson was murdered by his Irish slaves because of how badly he was treating-them. Ingólfr hunted them down and killed them in Vestmannaeyjar (Westman Islands). The islands got their name from that event, but vestmenn (west men) is a name that the Norsemen at this time sometimes used for Irishmen. He continued to live in southwestern Iceland, but nothing is known about what happened to him after settling. His son, Torstein ("Þorsteinn Ingólfsson"), was said to have founded the first parliament, in Iceland. It later became known as the Althing.


Keflavík

Keflavík (meaning "Driftwood Bay") is a town in the Suðurnes region in southwest Iceland. In 2016 its population was at 15,129 people.

In 1995, the town merged with Njarðvík and Hafnir to form the Reykjanesbær municipality.

The town was founded in the 16th century, possibly by Scottish people. Like many other Icelandic towns, the city grew with the help of the fishing industry. The city then continued to grow from flight operations done at the Keflavík International Airport (which was built by the United States during World War II). The airport used to be an important NATO military base and refueling stop for trans-Atlantic flights. It is now Iceland's main airport.

The airport was also used during the Cold War to monitor marine and submarine traffic from the Atlantic Ocean. The base was officially closed on 30 September 2006, when the United States withdrew the remaining 30 military personnel.

In Iceland, Keflavík was known for being a rich source of musicians during the 1960s and 70s, and is therefore also known as "bítlabærinn" or "The Beatle Town".

The town is situated on plenty of basalt rubble. On a clear day, one can see Snæfellsjökull (which is about 115 km away).

The city has cool summers and moderately cold winters.


Hochdorf, Switzerland

Hochdorf is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Melchnau

Melchnau is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Berken

Berken is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Merzligen

Merzligen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Spanish treasure fleet

The Spanish treasure fleet, or West Indies Fleet from Spanish "Flota de Indias", was a convoy system adopted by the Spanish Empire from 1566 to 1790. It linked Spain with its territories in America across the Atlantic. The convoys were general purpose cargo fleets used for transporting a wide variety of items. These included agricultural goods, lumber, various metal resources, luxuries, silver, gold, gems, pearls, spices, sugar, tobacco, silk, and other exotic goods from the Spanish Empire. They were sent to the Spanish mainland. Passengers and goods such as textiles, books and tools were transported in the opposite direction. The West Indies fleet was the first permanent transatlantic trade route in history. Similarly, the Manila galleons were the first permanent trade route across the Pacific.

Node.js

Node.js is a runtime system used mostly for making server side applications with JavaScript. It runs on the V8 JavaScript engine. It contains a package manager called NPM.

World Population Day

World Population day is an annual event. It is observed on July 11 every year. This event was made to increase awareness of the problems faced by global population and overpopulation. It was made by the Governing Council of the United Nations Development Programme in 1989. It was inspired by the public interest in Five Billion Day on July 11, 1987 (approximately the date on which the world's population reached five billion people).

The world population as of October 29, 2020 is approximately 7.694 billion.


Stayin' Alive

"Stayin' Alive" is a disco song by the Bee Gees from the "Saturday Night Fever" motion picture soundtrack. The song was written by the Bee Gees members (Barry, Robin, and Maurice Gibb) and produced by the Bee Gees, Albhy Galuten, and Karl Richardson.

It was released on 13 December 1977 as the second single from the "Saturday Night Fever" soundtrack. It is one of their signature songs. In 2004, "Stayin' Alive" was placed at number 189 on the list of Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. In 2004, it ranked No. 9 on AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs survey of top tunes in American cinema. In a UK television poll on ITV in December 2011 it was voted fifth in "The Nation's Favourite Bee Gees Song".

On its release, "Stayin' Alive" climbed the charts to hit the number one spot on the "Billboard" Hot 100 the week of 4 February 1978, remaining there for four weeks. In the process, it became one of the band's most recognisable tunes, in part because of its place at the beginning of "Saturday Night Fever". In the US, it would become the second of six consecutive number-one singles, tying the record with the Beatles for most consecutive number ones in the US at the time (a record broken by Whitney Houston who achieved seven consecutive number-ones).


You're My Best Friend (Queen song)

"You're My Best Friend" is a 1976 song by British band Queen and taken from their fourth studio album "A Night at the Opera". It went to number 2 in Canada, number 3 in Ireland, number 6 in the Netherlands, number 7 in the United Kingdom and number 16 in the United States. It has been featured in numerous tv shows and movies.

Mirchel

Mirchel is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Monible

Monible was a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Monible, Châtelat, Sornetan and Souboz merged into the new municipality of Petit-Val.

Romesh Chandra

Romesh Chandra (30 March 1919 – 4 July 2016) was an Indian leader of the Communist Party of India (CPI). He took part in the Indian independence movement as student leader of CPI after joining it in 1939. He held many posts within the party. He became president of the World Peace Council in 1977.

Turgay Şeren

Turgay Sabit Şeren (15 May 1932 – 6 July 2016) was a Turkish footballer. He was the former goalkeeper of Galatasaray. He played at Galatasaray between 1947 and 1966 and was capped 52 times for Turkey, including two matches at the 1954 FIFA World Cup. 

Şeren was awarded a testimonial match by the club in 1967 in Istanbul.

Valentino Zeichen

Valentino Zeichen (24 March 1938 – 5 July 2016), was an Italian poet and writer. He was born in Fiume, Italy. Zeichen's poetry has been praised for its ability to quickly hook the reader. His works include humor. A literary award named after him, the "Premio Zeichen", is held every December in Rome. Zeichen himself was the only member of the jury.

Zeichen died on 5 July 2016 in Rome, Italy, aged 78.

Gunnar Garbo

Gunnar Garbo (19 April 1924 – 29 June 2016) was a Norwegian journalist, politician and ambassador. 

He represented the Liberal Party of Norway at the Norwegian Parliament during four electoral periods. He served from 1958 to 1973. He was leader for the party from 1964 to 1970. He was ambassador in Dar es Salaam from 1987 to 1992.


Ojo Maduekwe

Chief Ojo Maduekwe (May 6, 1945 – June 29, 2016) was a Nigerian politician. He served as the Foreign Minister of Nigeria from July 26, 2007 through March 17, 2010. He was appointed by President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua. He left office in March 2010 when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan dissolved his cabinet. He was National Secretary of the ruling political party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). 

Donald Carr

Donald Bryce Carr OBE (28 December 1926 –11 June 2016) was an English cricketer. He played for Derbyshire from 1946 to 1967, for Oxford University from 1948 to 1951, and twice for England in 1951/52. He captained Derbyshire between 1955 and 1962, and scored over 10,000 runs for the county.

Carr later became an ICC match referee. After his retirement, he became assistant secretary of the MCC from 1963 to 1976, and then secretary to the Cricket Council and the Test and County Cricket Board – both forerunners of the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) – for ten years after that. He also managed several MCC tours in the 1960s and 1970s.

Vladimir Dolgopolov

Vladimir Mikhailovich Dolgopolov (; born 24 December 1961, Leningrad – died 12 June 2016, St. Petersburg) was a Russian professional footballer. He made his professional debut in the Soviet Top League in 1980 for FC Zenit Leningrad.

Alfonso Portugal

Alfonso Portugal Díaz (21 January 1934 – 12 June 2016) was a Mexican footballer. He played as defender for Mexico in the 1958 FIFA World Cup. He was born in Mexico City. Portugal captained Club América to the 1965–66 Mexican Primera División title. He also played for Club Necaxa. In 1967 he appeared in one match for the Chicago Spurs of the NPSL.

Portugal died on 12 June 2016 in Atlixco, Puebla, aged 82.


Vasily Bochkaryov

Vasily Kuzmich Bochkaryov (; 29 April 1949 – 22 June 2016) was a Russian politician. He served as Head of Zheleznodorozhny District of Penza from 1987 to 1998. He was elected Head of the Administration of Penza Oblast in April 1998. He became Governor of Penza Oblast in June 1998.

Jim Boyd (musician)

Jim Boyd (January 1, 1956 – June 22, 2016) was an American singer-songwriter, actor, and member of The Jim Boyd Band on the Colville Indian Reservation in Washington. He was born in Lancaster, California.

Boyd has performed in several groups, including XIT, Greywolf and Winterhawk. Boyd sang four songs with lyrics by Sherman Alexie on the soundtrack for the 1998 movie "Smoke Signals", and also appeared in Alexie's "The Business of Fancydancing".

Boyd died on June 22, 2016 in Colville Indian Reservation, Washington at age 60.


David J. Hickson

David John Hickson (20 April 1931 – 22 June 2016) was a British organizational theorist. He was the Emeritus Professor of International Management and Organization at Bradford University School of Management. He was known for his work in the field of organisational development (OD).

Yaşar Nuri Öztürk

Yaşar Nuri Öztürk (February 5, 1951 – June 22, 2016) was a Turkish university professor of Islamic theology, Quranist Muslim, lawyer, columnist and a former member of Turkish parliament.

Öztürk died on June 22, 2016 at his home in Istanbul from stomach cancer, aged 65.


Harry Rabinowitz

Harry Rabinowitz MBE (26 March 1916 – 22 June 2016) was a South African conductor and composer of movie and television music. He was born in Johannesburg, South Africa. He was of Jewish descent.

Rabinowitz conducted the movie scores for many movies including "Hanover Street" (1979), "Chariots of Fire" (1981), "Heat and Dust" (1983), "The Bostonians" (1984), "Return to Oz" (1985), "Lady Jane" (1986), "Maurice" (1987), "The Remains of the Day" (1993), "The English Patient" (1996), "The Talented Mr. Ripley" (1999), and "Cold Mountain" (2003). 

He also composed music for television including "The Frost Report" (1966), "I, Claudius" (1976), "The Agatha Christie Hour" (1982), and "Reilly, Ace of Spies" (1983).

In June 2015, Rabinowitz was the guest castaway on BBC Radio 4's "Desert Island Discs".

Rabinowitz died on 22 June 2016 at his home in France, aged 100.


Samir Roychoudhury

Samir Roychowdhury (Bengali: সমীর রায়চৌধুরী) (1 November 1933 – 22 June 2016) was an Indian poet and writer. He was one of the founding fathers of the Hungry Generation. 


Amjad Sabri

Amjad Farid (Fareed) Sabri (23 December 1976 – 22 June 2016) was a Pakistani singer. He became one of South Asia's most famous qawwali singers. 

Sabri was shot to death in Karachi in a targeted killing by a splinter group of the Pakistani Taliban on 22 June 2016 at age of 39.

James Green

James Robert Green (November 4, 1944 – June 23, 2016) was an American historian. He was the Professor of History Emeritus at the University of Massachusetts Boston. He was also a well-known author and labor activist.

Green's research focuses on radical political and social movements in the U.S. (including new social movements), as well as the history of labor unions in the United States. Green writes social and political history from "the bottom up." He writes from a leftist theoretical standpoint.

Green died in Boston on June 23, 2016, of complications from leukemia. He was 71.


Stanley Mandelstam

Stanley Mandelstam (12 December 1928 – 23 June 2016) was a South African-born American theoretical physicist of Jewish descent. He introduced the Mandelstam variables into particle physics in 1958. It was a coordinate system for creating his double dispersion relations. 

He was the Professor of Mathematical Physics at the University of Birmingham (1960-63), the Professeur Associé at Université Paris-Sud (1979–80; 1984–85) and the Professor of Physics at the University of California, Berkeley from 1963 until his death and was also the Professor Emeritus from 1994 until his death.


Paul Cox

Paulus Henrique Benedictus "Paul" Cox (16 April 1940 – 18 June 2016) was an award-winning Dutch-born Australian filmmaker. He was known as 'Australia's most prolific film auteur'. 

He published "Reflections: An Autobiographical Journey" in 1998.

Cox was born in Venlo, Limburg, the Netherlands.

His movie-essay "The Remarkable Mr. Kaye" (2005) is a portrait of his sick friend, the actor Norman Kaye, who appeared in many of Cox movies, such as "Lonely Hearts" and "Man of Flowers". In 2006 he became the Patron of the Byron Bay Film Festival.

William J. Livsey

William James "Lipp" Livsey (June 8, 1931 – June 18, 2016) was a United States Army general. He served as the Commander in Chief of United Nations Command/Commander in Chief, ROK/U.S. Combined Forces Command/Commander, United States Forces Korea/Commanding General, Eighth United States Army (CINCUNC/CINCCFC/COMUSFK/CG EUSA), from 1984 to 1987.


Claude Confortès

Claude Confortès (28 February 1928 – 15 June 2016) was a French movie and stage director and actor. As an actor, he starred in Yves Robert's "War of the Buttons" ("La Guerre des boutons") in 1962. He played a supporting role in "Germinal" in 1993. He was born in Saint-Maur-des-Fossés, a suburb of Paris.

Confortès died on 15 June 2016 in Paris, aged 88.

Ofelya Hambardzumyan

Ofelya Karapeti Hambardzumyan (, January 9, 1925 – June 13, 2016) was an Armenian folk singer. She was known as the "Queen of Armenian Song". During her career, she was known for her soft voice. In 1944, she became a solo-singer for the Ensemble of Folk Instruments of the Radio of Armenia, where she dedicated her efforts to the ensemble headed by Aram Merangulyan.

Hambardzumyan died on June 13, 2016, aged 91.

Giuseppe Ferrara

Giuseppe Ferrara (15 July 1932 – 25 June 2016) was an Italian movie director and screenwriter. He was known for directing "The Moro Affair" (1986).

Ferrara died in Rome, Italy on 25 June 2016 from cardiac arrest after suffering from pneumonia, aged 83.

Vittorio Merloni

Vittorio Merloni (30 April 1933 – 18 June 2016) was an Italian entrepreneur and industrialist. He was the honorary chairman of Indesit.

Merloni died on 18 June 2016 in Fabriano, Italy, aged 83.

Wu Jianmin

Wu Jianmin (; March 30, 1939 – June 18, 2016) was a Chinese diplomat. He worked as the spokesman of Chinese Foreign Ministry. He was an ambassador of China to the Netherlands, Geneva and France. He was the president of the Bureau International des Expositions. 

On June 18, 2016, Wu died when the car in which he was traveling struck a median while exiting the Donghu Lake Tunnel in Wuhan, China. Wu was on his way to lecture at Wuhan University. He was 77.

Randy Jones (drummer)

Randy Jones (January 23, 1944 – June 23, 2016) was a British-born American jazz drummer. He was born in Berkshire, England. He was known for his albums "M.F. Horn" (1970), "M.F. Horn Two" (1972), "M.F. Horn 3" (1973), and "".

Jones died at the Calvary Hospital in the Bronx on June 23, 2016 from heart failure at the age of 72.


Oleg Karavaychuk

Oleg Nikolayevich Karavaichuk (; December 28, 1927 – June 13, 2016) was a Soviet and Russian composer, author of music for many movies and theater performances. He was born in Kiev. Karavaychuk worked with Sergei Parajanov, Vasily Shukshin, Ilya Averbakh, Kira Muratova ("Brief Encounters", "The Long Goodbye") and others. Karavaychuk also worked with the avant-garde, in particular Sergey Kuryokhin.

Karavaychuk died on June 13, 2016, in St. Petersburg, aged 88.

Bur’i Mohamed Hamza

Buri Mohamed Hamza (, (born 1945 – died 25 June 2016) was a Somali politician. From August 2012 to January 2014, he was a Member of the Federal Parliament of Somalia.

He later served as the State Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation of Somalia from January to October 2014. He served as the State Minister of Finance until December 2014. He was the State Minister of the Premier's Office for Environment at the time of his death.

Hamza died during an attack by at least four al-Shabab militants on the Hotel Naso-Hablod in Mogadishu on 25 June 2016. His room collapsed on him after it was damaged by a car bomb. The hotel was "frequented by apostate government workers", explained spokesman Sheikh Abdiasis Abu Musab to Reuters.

Freehold Township, New Jersey

Freehold Township is a township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. As of 1 July 2022, it had an estimate of 35,596.

Ocean City, New Jersey

Ocean City is a city in New Jersey.

Titan (Six Flags Over Texas)

Titan is a steel roller coaster in Six Flags Over Texas

Chips Moman

Lincoln Wayne "Chips" Moman (June 12, 1937 – June 13, 2016) was an American record producer, guitarist, and Grammy Award-winning songwriter. He was born in LaGrange, Georgia.

In the 1960s, Moman worked for Stax Records before founding the American Sound Studio in Memphis, Tennessee, and later in Nashville. 

As a record producer, Moman was known for recording Elvis Presley, Bobby Womack, Carla Thomas, and Merrilee Rush, as well as guiding the career of the Box Tops. As a songwriter, he was known for standards associated with Aretha Franklin, James Carr, Waylon Jennings, and B. J. Thomas, including the Grammy-winning "(Hey Won't You Play) Another Somebody Done Somebody Wrong Song". 

He was also a session guitarist for Franklin and other musicians.

Moman died from complications of emphysema in LaGrange, Georgia on June 13, 2016, aged 79.

Superman: Tower of Power

Superman: Tower of Power is a drop tower located at Kentucky Kingdom, Six Flags Over Texas, Six Flags St. Louis and Six Flags Over Georgia.

Patrick Mayhew

Patrick Barnabas Burke Mayhew, Baron Mayhew of Twysden (11 September 1929 – 25 June 2016) was a British barrister and Conservative politician.

He was Member of Parliament (MP) for the Tunbridge Wells constituency from its creation at the February 1974 general election, standing down at the 1997 election.

He was Under-Secretary for Employment from 1979-81, then Minister of State at the Home Office from 1981 to 1983. After this he served as Solicitor General for England and Wales from 1983-87, and then Attorney General for England and Wales and Attorney General for Northern Ireland from 1987-92. He was Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from 1992-97, the longest anyone has served in this office.

Mayhew had lived with cancer and Parkinson's disease in his later years. He died on 25 June 2016, aged 86.

James Gilbert (producer)

Cecil James Gilbert (5 May 1923 – 7 July 2016) was a Scottish television producer and director. He was the BBC's Head of Comedy from 1973–77. He was probably best known for his work on "The Two Ronnies", "Last of the Summer Wine" and "Open All Hours". 

In 2003, Gilbert appeared on the documentary special "30 Years of Last of the Summer Wine" to discuss his role in helping to create the series.

Gilbert died on 7 July 2016 in Scotland, aged 93.

Riddick Bowe

Riddick Lamont Bowe (born August 10, 1967) is an American amateur boxer. He won a Silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He later became a Heavyweight professional boxer. He defeated other boxers like Evander Holyfield and Andrew Golota. The latter was disqualified for giving too many low blows to Bowe in 1996.

Bowe was born in Brooklyn, New York City.

Bill Berkson

William Craig "Bill" Berkson (August 30, 1939 – June 16, 2016) was an American poet, critic, teacher and sometime curator. He was mainly active in Manhattan during the 1960s and 1970s.

Berkson died of a heart attack on June 16, 2016 in San Francisco, California, aged 76.



Mohapatra Nilamani Sahoo

Mohapatra Nilamani Sahoo (22 December 1926 – 25 June 2016) was an Indian Odia language short story writer. He won several literary awards over his career, including the 1979 Odisha Sahitya Academy Award for "Akasha Patala", and the 1983 Sarala Award and the 1984 Sahitya Akademi Award in Odia, for "Abhisapta Gandharba". 

Sahoo died on 25 June 2016 after suffering from multiple organ failure, aged 89.

Irving Moskowitz

Irving Moskowitz (January 11, 1928 – June 16, 2016) was an American physician, businessman and philanthropist. His philanthropy, in part, helped create a Jewish majority in Arab neighborhoods of East Jerusalem.

Moskowitz was of Jewish descent.


Anatoli Grishin

Anatoli Kuzmich Grishin (; 8 July 1939 – 14 June 2016) was a Soviet sprint canoeist who competed in the mid-1960s. 

He won a gold medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.

Grishin also won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold medal (K-4 10000 m: 1966) and a bronze medal (K-2 1000 m: 1963).

Grishin died on 14 June 2016, at the age of 76.


Ann Morgan Guilbert

Ann Morgan Guilbert (October 16, 1928 – June 14, 2016), sometimes credited as Ann Guilbert, was an American television and movie actress. She played a number of roles, from the 1950s on, most notably as Millie Helper in 61 episodes of the early 1960s sitcom "The Dick Van Dyke Show", and later Yetta Rosenberg, Fran Fine's doddering grandmother, in 56 episodes of the 1990s sitcom "The Nanny". 

Guilbert died of cancer of unknown primary origin in Los Angeles on June 14, 2016, aged 87.

UEFA Euro 1988

The 1988 UEFA European Football Championship final tournament took place in West Germany between 10 and 25 June 1988. It was the eighth European Football Championship, which is held every four years and supported by UEFA.

The final match was played on 25 June between the Soviet Union and the Netherlands. The Netherlands won the match 2–0, and became the European champions for the first, and so far only time.

Pat Suggate

Richard Patrick "Pat" Suggate (17 March 1922 – 16 June 2016) was a New Zealand geologist. He was known for his research into coal properties and coal rank, and into the advances and retreats of New Zealand's glaciers. From 1974 to 1986 he served as director of the New Zealand Geological Survey.

In the 2003 New Year Honours Suggate was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to geology.

Suggate died in Wellington on 16 June 2016, aged 94.

Jerome Teasley

Jerome Teasley (August 13, 1948 – June 16, 2016) was an American Soul Drummer. He was a member of the Motown Hall of Fame. He has toured with Junior Walker and the All Stars, and has also worked with Al Green, Jimi Hendrix, Wilson Pickett, Tina Turner, Bill Carr and Jazz saxophonist Sonny Stitt among many others. 

Teasley died on June 16, 2016 in a hospital in Phoenix, Arizona from complications of lung and liver cancer, aged 67.

Elmer Cravalho

Elmer Franklin Carvalho (February 19, 1926–June 27, 2016) was an American politician and former teacher. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Carvalho served as the first Mayor of Maui from 1969 to 1979 and the first Speaker of the Hawaii House of Representatives following statehood.

Pelle Gudmundsen-Holmgreen

Pelle Gudmundsen-Holmgreen (21 November 1932 – 27 June 2016) was a Danish composer.

Gudmundsen-Holmgreen was born in Copenhagen, Denmark. He was the son of the sculptor Jørgen Gudmundsen-Holmgreen. He studied at the Royal Danish Academy of Music in Copenhagen, with Finn Høffding, Svend Westergaard, Bjørn Hjelmborg, and Vagn Holmboe (instrumentation), graduating in 1958.

Amongst other works, he composed fourteen string quartets and a Concerto Grosso for string quartet and orchestra, written for the Kronos Quartet, which he referred to as "Vivaldi on Safari".

He won the Nordic Council Music Prize in 1980 for his "Symfoni/Antifoni".

Gudmundsen-Holmgreen died of cancer on 26 June 2016, aged 83.

Harry Halbreich

Harry Halbreich (February 9, 1931, Berlin – June 27, 2016, Uccle) was a Belgian musicologist of (partly) Jewish descent. He was known for a number of books, articles and studies on modern and contemporary music, including monograph works on Olivier Messiaen, Claude Debussy, Arthur Honegger and Bohuslav Martinů.

Mack Rice

Bonny "Mack" Rice (November 10, 1933 – June 27, 2016), sometimes credited as Sir Mack Rice, was an American songwriter and singer. His best-known composition, and biggest hit as a solo performer, was "Mustang Sally." He also wrote "Respect Yourself" with Luther Ingram. 

Rice died on June 27, 2016 in Detroit, Michigan from complications of Alzheimer's disease, aged 82.

Alvin Toffler

Alvin Toffler (October 4, 1928 – June 27, 2016) was an American writer and futurist. He was known for his works discussing modern technologies, including the digital revolution and the communication revolution, with emphasis on their effects on cultures worldwide.

Toffler was an associate editor of "Fortune" magazine. In his early works he focused on technology and its impact, which he termed "information overload." In 1970 his first major book about the future, "Future Shock", became a worldwide best-seller and has sold over 6 million copies.

Toffler died in his sleep on June 27, 2016, at his home in Los Angeles, aged 87.

Gertrude Kerbis

Gertrude Lempp Kerbis (1926 – June 14, 2016) was an American architect. She worked for and studied under some of the most significant modernists of her day, including Carl Koch, Walter Gropius and Mies Van Der Rohe. She was born in Chicago, Illinois. 

She played a leading role in designing several major milestones in the development of American modernism. Her projects including the Lustron house, the US Air Force Academy, and the O'Hare International Airport rotunda. She was one of the most famous female architects in the country. She founded the Chicago Women in Architecture in 1973. 

Kerbis died on June 14, 2016 in Chicago from liver cancer, aged 89.

Henry McCullough

Henry Campbell Liken McCullough (21 July 1943 – 14 June 2016) was a Northern Irish guitarist, vocalist and songwriter. He was best known for his work as a member of Spooky Tooth, Paul McCartney & Wings, The Grease Band and Sweeney's Men. He also performed and recorded as a solo artist and session musician.

Gregory Rabassa

Gregory Rabassa (March 9, 1922 – June 13, 2016) was an American literary translator from Spanish and Portuguese to English. He taught for many years at Columbia University and Queens College. 

He worked primarily out of Spanish and Portuguese. He made English-language versions of the works of several major Latin American novelists, including Julio Cortázar, Jorge Amado and Gabriel García Márquez. On the advice of Cortázar, García Márquez waited three years for Rabassa to schedule translating "One Hundred Years of Solitude". He later declared Rabassa's translation to be better to the Spanish original.

Austin Clarke (novelist)

Austin Ardinel Chesterfield "Tom" Clarke (July 26, 1934 – June 26, 2016) was a Barbadian-Canadian novelist, essayist and short story writer. He worked in Toronto, Ontario.

Clarke was a reporter in the Ontario communities of Timmins and Kirkland Lake before joining the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation as a freelance journalist. He taught subsequently at several American universities, including Yale University (Hoyt fellow, 1968–70), Duke University (1971–72), and the University of Texas (visiting professor, 1973).

Military orders, awards and decorations

A military decoration is an award, usually a medal that consists of a ribbon and medallion given to an person for either gallantry, or outstanding service or achievement.

Civil decorations awarded to military personnel are not considered military decorations, although some of them have civil and military divisions. Decorations received by police and fire brigade personnel may sometimes be considered alongside military decorations, on which they may be modelled, although they are strictly not military awards.

Arrondissements of the Corrèze department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Corrèze department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 3 arrondissements of Corrèze are:

Since its creation, the Corrèze department has had some changes:


Barbara Goldsmith

Barbara Goldsmith (Barbara Joan Lubun; May 18, 1931 – June 26, 2016) was an American author, journalist and philanthropist. She was born in New York City. She received critical and popular acclaim for her best selling books, essays, articles and her philanthropic work. Her best known work was "Little Gloria".

She was awarded four honoris causa doctorates, and many awards. She was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. She was honored with two Presidential Commissions, the New York State Council on the Arts and honored by The New York Public Library Literary Lions. In 2009, she received the Knight’s Cross of the Order of Merit medal from the Republic of Poland. 

In November 2008, Goldsmith was elected a “Living Landmark” by the New York Landmarks Conservancy. She had three children and six grandchildren. The "Financial Times" said that "Goldsmith is leaving a legacy—-one of art, literature, friends, family and philanthropy."

Goldsmith died at her home in Manhattan, New York from heart failure on June 26, 2016, aged 85.

Irma Roy

Irma Roy (10 June 1932 – 14 June 2016) was an Argentine actress and politician. She served in the Chamber of Deputies from 1995 to 2005. She was a member of the Justicialist Party. Roy was born in Buenos Aires.

When she was an actress, Roy was known for her roles in "La serpiente de cascabel" (1948), "Al Compás de tu Mentira" (1950), "Cinco grandes y una chica" (1950), "Historia de una noche de niebla" (1950), "The Beautiful Brummel" (1951), "Caídos en el infierno" (1954), "Requiebro" (1955), "Mi marido y mi novio" (1955), "El Derecho a la felicidad" (1968) and in "Las Venganzas de Beto Sánchez" (1973).

Roy died on 14 June 2016 at a hospital in Buenos Aires after suffering from a fall, aged 84. 

Robert T. Paine

Robert Treat "Bob" Paine III (April 13, 1933 – June 13, 2016) was an American ecologist. He spent most of his career at the University of Washington. 

Paine created the keystone species idea to explain the relationship between "Pisaster ochraceus", a species of starfish, and "Mytilus californianus", a species of mussel. Paine's research, and the work of his students, has been hugely influential in the field of ecology.

Paine died from acute myeloid leukemia, a type of blood cancer, at the Swedish Medical Center in Seattle, Washington on June 13, 2016, aged 83.

Acute myeloid leukemia

Acute myeloid leukemia (AML), also known as acute myelogenous leukemia or acute nonlymphocytic leukemia (ANLL), is a cancer of the myeloid line of blood cells. It is the rapid growth of uncommon white blood cells that build up in the bone marrow and harm the production of normal blood cells. AML is the most common acute leukemia affecting adults.

Appendix cancer

Appendix cancer or appendiceal cancers are rare malignancies of the vermiform appendix.

Gastrointestinal stromal tumors are rare tumors with malignant potential. Primary lymphomas can occur in the appendix. Breast cancer, colon cancer, and tumors of the female genital tract may metastasize to the appendix.

Gastrointestinal cancer

Gastrointestinal cancer refers to malignant conditions of the gastrointestinal tract (GI tract) and accessory organs of digestion, including the esophagus, stomach, biliary system, pancreas, small intestine, large intestine, rectum and anus. 

The symptoms relate to the organ affected and can include obstruction (leading to difficulty swallowing or defecating), abnormal bleeding or other associated problems. The diagnosis often requires endoscopy, followed by biopsy of suspicious tissue. 

The treatment depends on the location of the tumor, as well as the type of cancer cell and whether it has invaded other tissues or spread elsewhere. These factors also determine the prognosis.

Ryan Jimmo

Ryan Jimmo (November 27, 1981 – June 26, 2016) was a Canadian mixed martial artist. He competed in the light heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. 

He mostly fought in Canada. He competed on the of "The Ultimate Fighter". He was the former MFC Light Heavyweight Champion.

Jimmo died, aged 34, at a hospital in Edmonton, Alberta on June 26, 2016 after being run-over by a truck because he was involved in a fight with the truck driver.

Kim Sung-min

Kim Sung-min (Korean: 김성민, February 14, 1973 – June 26, 2016) was a South Korean actor. He was known for his roles as Lee Joo-wang in the televisions series "Miss Mermaid", the Plastic surgeon in "Time" (2006) and as himself in "The Weight" (2013).

Sung-min committed suicide by hanging himself at his home in Seoul, South Korea, aged 43.

Kim married a dentist called Lee Han-na on February 20, 2013.

On June 24, 2016, Kim Sung Min's wife called the police to check on her husband. She said that he had threatened to kill himself after they had an argument. The police found him trying to commit suicide by hanging himself in the bathroom. He had been in a coma since June 24. On June 26, the police said that Kim Sung Min, was diagnosed as brain dead at 2:00 AM KST. The diagnosis was confirmed at 10:15 AM KST. Kim Sung Min's family agreed to donate his organs.


Kavalam Narayana Panicker

Kavalam Narayana Panicker (28 April 1928 – 26 June 2016) was an Indian dramatist, theatre director and poet. 

He has written over 26 Malayalam plays, many adapted from classical Sanskrit drama and Shakespeare, mainly "Madhyamavyayogam" (1979), Kalidasa's "Vikramorvasiyam" (1981, 1996), "Shakuntalam" (1982), "Karnabharam" (1984, 2001), Bhasa's "Uru Bhangam" (1988), "Swapnavasavadattam" and "Dootavakyam" (1996). 

He was the founder director of theatre troupe, Sopanam, which led to the foundation of Bhashabharati: Centre for Performing Arts, Training and Research, in Trivandrum.

He was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for Direction in 1983 by Sangeet Natak Akademi, and its highest award for lifetime achievement, the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship in 2002.

Rostislav Yankovsky

Rostislav Ivanovich Yankovsky (, ; 5 February 1930 – 26 June 2016) was a Belarusian actor. He was born in Odessa. He studied in Leninabad. 

He debuted in the Tajik theatre in 1951. Since 1957, he worked in the Minsk Drama Theatre. Yankovsky was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1978. 

Yankovsky died in Minsk on 26 June 2016 in Minsk, Belarus, aged 86.

Nicolás García Uriburu

Nicolás García Uriburu (December 24, 1937 – June 19, 2016) was an Argentine contemporary artist, landscape architect and ecologist. His work in land art was aimed at raising consciousness about environmental issues such as water pollution. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Uriburu died on June 19, 2016 in Buenos Aires, aged 78.


Sverre Kjelsberg

Sverre Kjelsberg (18 October 1946 – 18 June 2016) was a Norwegian singer, musician (guitar, bass), composer and lyricist. He was a member of the band The Pussycats from 1964. He and Mattis Hætta represented Norway in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980 with the entry "Sámiid Ædnan", which was composed by Kjelsberg and Ragnar Olsen.

On 18 June 2016, Kjelsberg was found dead in his home, aged 69. He had been ill with cancer, but was declared cancer-free in 2015.

Ricardo Obregón Cano

Ricardo Obregón Cano (April 4, 1917 – June 19, 2016) was an Argentine Justicialist Party politician. He was born in Río Cuarto, Córdoba. He was Governor of Córdoba from May 25, 1973, to February 28, 1974.

Götz George

Götz George (23 July 1938 – 19 June 2016) was a German actor. He was the son of actor couple Berta Drews and Heinrich George. His was best known for his role of Duisburg detective Horst Schimanski in the TV crime series "Tatort".


Frank Chapot

Francis Davis "Frank" Chapot (February 24, 1932 – June 20, 2016) was an American equestrian. He competed at six Olympic Games from 1956 until his final effort in 1976 where he won two silver medals in the Team Show Jumping.

Benoîte Groult

Benoîte Groult (January 31, 1920, in Paris – June 20, 2016 in Hyères) was a French journalist, writer and feminist activist.

Her novel "Les vaisseaux du cœur", published in 1988, was called pornographic by some because of its explicit sexual depictions. It was filmed by Andrew Birkin in 1992 as "Salt on Our Skin".

In April 2010, she became Commander of the Légion d'honneur.

Rich Olive

Richard Warren Olive (December 2, 1949 – June 20, 2016) was an American realtor and politician from Iowa. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He served the Fifth District in the Iowa Senate from 2007 until 2011.

On June 20, 2016, Olive died of cancer in Story City, Iowa at the age of 66.

Chayito Valdez

Chayito Valdez (born María del Rosario Valdez Campos; May 28, 1945 – June 20, 2016) was a Mexican-born American singer and actress. She was born in Guasave, Sinaloa. She was sing about folk music of Mexico.

In the early 1970s she recorded four songs the Sinaloan city of Los Mochis: "Besos y Copas", "Una Noche me Embriagué", "Una Sombra" and "Amor que Muere", which earned her a reputation as a Mexican folk singer. She won the fifth "Festival de la Canción Ranchera" with the song "No me pregunten por él". She was also an actress, who appeared in the movie "Zacazonapan".

Valdez moved to Los Angeles, California in 1982 and became a US citizen. On September 17, 1985, she suffered an automobile accident that left her in a wheelchair.

Valdez died from complications of a cerebral hemorrhage in Coronado, California on June 20, 2016, aged 71.


Edgard Pisani

Edgard Pisani (; 9 October 1918 – 20 June 2016) was a French statesman, philosopher, and writer. 

He held positions in various governments in France: Senator (1954–1961; 1974–1981), Minister of Agriculture (1961–1966), Parliamentarian (1967–1968), European Commissioner (1981–1985), Minister of New Caledonia (1985), President of the Arab World Institute (1988–1995). In 1992, with Bertrand Hervieu, he formed the "Groupe de Seillac" followed in 1995 by the "Groupe de Bruges", both being think tanks.

Cinna Lomnitz

Cinna Lomnitz Aronsfrau (4 May 1925 – 7 July 2016) was a German-born Chilean-Mexican geophysicist of Jewish descent. He known for his work in the fields of rock mechanics and seismology. 

Lomnitz was born in Cologne, Germany. He graduated as engineer from the University of Chile in 1948. He then studied with Karl von Terzaghi in Harvard University and obtained a Master's degree in soil mechanics there. 

He became editor of the journal "Geofísica Internacional" in 1990. He is the father of Claudio Lomnitz. Lomnitz died in 2016 at the age of 91.

Leonard Lee

Leonard G. Lee, CM (July 17, 1938 – July 7, 2016) was a Canadian entrepreneur. He was the founder of Lee Valley Tools and Canica Design. In 1991, he founded Algrove Publishing. In 2002, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada for "being a successful entrepreneur."

Lee died of vascular dementia in Ottawa, Ontario on July 7, 2016, aged 77.

Eora

The Eora people are a group of Aboriginal Australians. They were skilled hunter–fisher–gatherers. They lived in family groups (clans) along the coastal area of what is now known as the Sydney basin, in New South Wales, Australia. Their traditional territory spreads from Botany Bay north to Pittwater at the mouth of the Hawkesbury River.

Rock engravings, shell mounds and other evidence found by archaeologists suggests that Eora people may have lived in Australia for over 50 000 years.

Many of the Eora people died during the 1800s as a result of smallpox and other diseases. There are still people who identify as the descendants of the Eora and are living in Sydney today.

The Eora people are made up of many clans (groups) including the Cadigal, the Wanegal, and the Cammeraygal.

They spoke languages now known as Dharug, Dharawal and Kurringgai. Several Eora words have found their way into Australian English, for example dingo, gibba and woomera.

The traditional Eora people lived along the coast of the Sydney region, surrounded by beaches, rivers, mountains and forests. Like most indigenous people, they were hunter-gatherers. They did not have a specific piece of land which they owned, but they moved and lived from place to place.

They mainly fed on fresh produce from the sea including fish, turtles and other seafood. There were also many animals they hunted for food, especially ducks, cockatoos and pigeons. They were experts in close-to-shore navigation, fishing and making fire. They travelled along the coast and fished in bark canoes. The Eora people did not grow or plant crops - they ate the berries, seeds and fruit that the land provided. They never took more than what was needed from the land, and managed the land so they wouldn't waste its resources. The women picked herbs which were used in herbal remedies.

The Eora people camped nearby the water and slept in caves when it rained. They kept close to rivers and waterways because it was their main source of food. When it got cold, blankets of animal fur were used for warmth. They also kept warm by keeping small fires going.

The Eora were very spiritual people. They believed that inside everything was a living spirit. They also believed that if land was taken away from them that all the spirits in that land would also die. Celebrations, rituals and ceremonies were an important part of life for the Eora peoples. Some initiation ceremonies were secret and only attended by males. As part of the boys’ initiation, knowledge and beliefs were passed on for their role as an adult. Boys went through a tooth ceremony in which their front tooth was knocked out. The missing tooth was a sign to others that the boy had been initiated. Girls learned cooking and knowledge of medicinal plants and roots, and how to track small animals.

The Eora peoples are the traditional owners of the land that is now inner Sydney. They were present during the arrival of the First Fleet.

When the First Fleet arrived in January, 1788 transporting thousands of prisoners, the Eora peoples thought the ships had come to stop for supplies and water. Some of the Eora believed the ships were in fact spirits. They soon realised that the British had come to stay.

Governor Phillip wanted to establish friendly relationships with the Eora peoples and commanded the convicts and marines to treat them well. It wasn’t long before clashes broke out between the two groups. Both the Eora and the European settlers were responsible for attacks. People on both sides were killed.

Fighting with European settlers, the introduction of new diseases like smallpox, and the destruction of their natural food sources saw about 90 per cent of the Eora people die out between 1788 and 1900.

Many Eora peoples moved away from the Sydney region to escape from European settlers and the diseases that were spreading in the area such as smallpox. Some who stayed adopted European customs like wearing clothes, smoking pipes of tobacco and drinking alcohol. They gave up their traditional ways of life and depended on settlers to give them food. 

Bennelong, a Wangal of the Eora peoples, served as a link between the British colony at Sydney and the Eora people in the early days of the colony. He was given a brick hut on what became known as Bennelong Point where the Sydney Opera House now stands. He traveled to England in 1792 along with Yemmerrawanne and returned to Sydney in 1795. His wife, Barangaroo, was an important Cammeraygal woman from Sydney's early history who was a powerful and colourful figure in the colonisation of Australia. She is commemorated in the naming of the suburb of Barangaroo, in east Darling Harbour.

2016 shooting of Dallas police officers

The 2016 shooting of Dallas police officers was an incident in which five police officers were killed by a man with a gun in Dallas, Texas. Six other officers and a civilian were also injured.

Earlier in the week, two black men were killed by police: one in Louisiana, another in Minnesota. In Dallas on July 7, people protested against police brutality. The protest was not violent. But just before 9 p.m. (Central time) while the protest was ending, Micah Xavier Johnson began shooting police officers. A suspicious package was found near the area.

President Barack Obama spoke against the attacks, saying the shootings were a "vicious, calculated, despicable attack" and a "tremendous tragedy."

Thrift Shop (song)

"Thrift shop" is a song by Macklemore and Ryan Lewis. It was released on August 27, 2012. This song is Macklemore's eighth career single and the fourth single from their album "The Heist". The song has vocals from Wanz. The song was written to show Macklemore's esteem for thrift shops and saving money. The lyrics go against the displaying of expensive items many rappers do. Music reviewers liked the song for its funny lyrics and social critique. It was released in the United Kingdom in January 2013.

The song received extensive critical recognition. It has been called a critique of the advertising common in modern hip hop. However, "The New York Times" critic Jon Caramanica says, "it's not quite the robust sendup of hip-hop-extravagance clichés that it aspires to be." Robert Copsey from Digital Spy rated the song 5 out of 5 stars, calling it "a rare beast of a song - original, musically daring and genuinely funny."

In the United States, the song got onto the "Billboard" Hot 100 on September 15, 2012. It dropped out the next week but entered again six weeks later on October 20, 2012. The song then rose the chart until it entered the top ten on January 5, 2013. It replaced Bruno Mars' "Locked Out of Heaven" at number one in its 16th week. It remained at the top for six weeks in total. It has also topped the Rap Songs chart for fifteen weeks. It's the first song in the history of the Digital Songs chart to jump in sales in each of its first five weeks at the top of the chart. "Thrift Shop" sold 6,148,000 copies in 2013. This made it the second best-selling single of 2013 in the US after Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines". As of November 2015, the song has sold 7,740,000 downloads in the United States. This makes it the fifth all-time best-selling digital single in the country.

The song was also successful on "Billboard"'s component charts. It was at the top of the Digital Songs chart for ten weeks. It was also at the top of "Billboard"'s Radio Songschart for two weeks. It reached number one on the On-Demand Songs chart and stayed there for eleven weeks until March 30, 2013. It set a record on that chart as the first song to reach two million streams in a single week. The song also topped the R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for fourteen weeks straight. It is also only the second independent song to get the number one spot on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, nearly 20 years after Lisa Loeb's "Stay (I Missed You)" in 1994.

In the United Kingdom, "Thrift Shop" entered at number twenty four on the UK Singles Chart. However, it was available as a single via iTunes since August 1, 2012. The next week, the single rose twenty-two positions to number two. Two weeks after entering the chart, the song rose one place to a peak of number one on February 10, 2013. This made Macklemore and Ryan Lewis only the second act to get a number one in Britain with a self-released single. As of July 2013, "Thrift Shop" has sold 680,000 copies in the UK.

The music video for the song was co-directed by Jon Jon Augustavo, Macklemore and Ryan Lewis. It was released on Lewis' YouTube channel on August 29, 2012. It was filmed at several thrift shops in Seattle. Macklemore tried to get rapper Sir Mix-a-Lot in the video but he did not return the calls. Some local Seattle musicians like Thomas Grey of Champagne Champagne are in the music video. The video was nominated at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards for Video of the Year.

Mont-Tramelan

Mont-Tramelan is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Moosseedorf

Moosseedorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. The village is located south of Moossee, the lake that gives it its name.

Mörigen

Mörigen is a municipality of the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

It is located on the southern shore of Lake Biel.


Javed Akhtar (cricketer)

Javed Akhtar (21 November 1940 – 8 July 2016) was a Pakistani cricketer. He played in one Test in 1962. He was an off spinner. He had success at first-class level, taking his wickets at an average of 18.17, but struggled in his only Test, failing to take a wicket. He played for the Pakistan national cricket team.

He later became an umpire, standing in 18 Tests and 40 ODIs from 1980 to 1999.

John O'Rourke (footballer)

John O'Rourke (11 February 1945 – 7 July 2016) was a former professional English footballer. He was a centre forward.

During his career, he played for Ipswich Town F.C., Middlesbrough F.C., Coventry City F.C., Luton Town F.C., Queens Park Rangers and A.F.C. Bournemouth.

Rahul Dravid

Rahul Dravid is a sports player who has stopped playing professionally. He used to play cricket and was captain of the national cricket team of India. He was famous, and many people think he is one of the best cricket players ever. He scored the fourth-moust runs of any player, after Sachin Tendulkar, Ricky Ponting and Jacques Kallis. He was born in January 11, 1973 in Indore, Madhya Pradesh in India. He is the only player in the world to score a century against all ten test playing countries. 

Rahul Sharad Dravid played his first debut match against the team from England. He played against Sri Lanka in his ODI debut match. He played only a one international T20 match, against England.

Dravid played 164 Test cricket matches and 344 ODI matches. Rahul Dravid scored 13,288 runs in Test cricket and 10,899 runs in ODIs. He picked up 4 wickets in ODIs and 1 wicket in Test cricket. Rahul Dravid made 36 centuries and 63 fifties in Test matches and 12 centuries and 83 fifties in ODIs.

Rahul Dravid is one of the best wicket keepers of his time. His performances in wicket keeping are as follows: Catches\Stumpings in Test Cricket: 210\0, ODIs: 196\14.
His best batting score in a single inning of the Test match is 270 runs. His best batting score in ODI is 153. His best bowling performances are Test cricket-1/18, One day International-2/43.
In the Indian Premier League he played on the Royal Challengers Bangalore and Rajasthan Royals teams. In other types of cricket he played for Karnataka, Kent, Scottish Saltiers and the Marylebone Cricket Club.


Bühl

Bühl or Bühl bei Aarberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Mötschwil

Mötschwil was a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Mötschwil became a part of Hindelbank.

Moutier

Moutier is a town of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. There were two votes, whether they wanted to be with Bern or Jura. In the last one, a majority voted for Jura. From 2026, the town will become part of Jura.


Altenhohenau

Altenhohenau was a Dominican convent in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the municipality of Griesstätt, near Wasserburg on the Inn river.

Dominican nuns from Nürnberg started the community in 1235. Count Konrad von Wasserburg and his wife, Kunigunde were the founders.

In 1465, the community accepted reform. The reform started in the Schönensteinback convent in Alsace. Ten nuns from Schönensteinback went to St. Catherine's convent in Nuremberg. Before the reform, the library at St. Catherine's had 45 books. After the reform it had 500-600 books. The nuns at St. Catherine's helped other convents with their libraries. The convents needed books for the new prayers and rules of the reform. They helped St. Catherine's convent in St. Gall to copy books. They gave many books to the convents at Fraenaurach and Altenhohenau.

Mühleberg

Mühleberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Allenlüften, Aumatt, Brand, Buch bei Mühleberg, Buttenried, Dällenbach, Eggenberg, Fluh, Fuchsenried, Gäu, Grossmühleberg, Gümmenau, Gümmenen, Haselholz, Heggidorn, Juchlishaus, Kirchmoos, Ledi, Mädersforst, Marfeldingen, Mauss, Michelsforst, Mühleberg, Niederruntigen, Oberei bei Mühleberg, Rosshäusern, Rüplisried, Rüplisried-Mauss, Salzweid, Schnurrenmühle, Spengelried, Strassacker, Trüllern and Zihlacker.


Arrondissement of Brive-la-Gaillarde

The arrondissement of Brive-la-Gaillarde is an arrondissement of France, in the Corrèze department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Brive-la-Gaillarde (or "Brive" for short).

When the Corrèze department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Brive-la-Gaillarde was part of that original department.

It is the southernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department with an area of . It has 130,034 inhabitants (2014) and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Brive-la-Gaillarde is in the southeastern part of department and is bordered to the north by the Haute-Vienne department, to the northeast and east by the "arrondissement" of Tulle, to the south by the Lot department and to the west by the Dordogne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Brive-la-Gaillarde, only two cantons do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement": (Midi corrézien and Uzerche). The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Brive-la-Gaillarde has 97 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Mühledorf, Bern

Mühledorf was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Gelterfingen, Mühledorf and Noflen merged into the municipality of Kirchdorf.

Mühlethurnen

Mühlethurnen was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the former municipalities of Kirchenthurnen, Lohnstorf and Mühlethurnen merged to form the new municipality of Thurnen.


Carmelo Borg Pisani

Carmelo Borg Pisani (August 10, 1915–November 28, 1942) was a Maltese who considered himself to be Italian. Politically he was a pro-Italian Maltese and Italian nationalist. He was born in Senglea (Malta) and executed at "Corradino" prison in Malta . 

Carmelo Borg Pisani is the only Maltese decorated with the Italian "Gold Medal of military honor". He is also the only man -not born inside a territory that has been officially part of Italy- to have received this honor.

Translation: "Maltese unredeemed and, as such, exempt from military service, repeatedly sought and was granted to be enlisted, despite a severe physical imperfections. As black shirt participated in the Greek campaign, during which contracted an illness that should have been under way for surgical procedure, which is subtracted for not even for a few days away from the battlefield. Awarded to the official appointment of the maritime militia artillery, insistently she asked to be used in a risky enterprise of war, to which he prepared in the long months of training and study, in perfect peace of mind and in full awareness of the severity of hazards. Captured by the enemy, reaffirmed in front of the British court martial of Malta his Italian nationality and came under the lead of the firing squad shouting "Long live Italy in Malta. The shining example of heroism, faith, sacrifice and virtue military, which is linked to the purest traditions of irredentism. Malta, 1942"

Born into a very well respected Catholic and Nationalist Maltese family, Pisani enrolled as a student at the "Umberto Primo art lyceum", where he won a scholarship to study in Rome. In Italy he showed support for fascism and Italian irredentism. 

When war was declared on June 10, 1940, Pisani (who had just requested the Italian citizenship) was still attending the "Accademia di Belle Arti" (the "National Academy of Arts" of Italy) in Rome.

Pisani believed that Malta's Latin soul was being destroyed by British rule. He also believed that the best opportunity to restore Malta to its original state was to expel the British. 

To this end, Pisani joined the Fascist party of Italy and the "Black shirt" (Camicie Nere) paramilitary organisation. This led him to participate in the Italian occupation of Kefalonia in Greece with the "Compagnia Speciale del Gruppo CC.NN. da sbarco della 50a Legione". He decided to get the Italian citizenship in 1940. In 1941 he was enrolled in the Italian Navy as a "Sottocapo Manipolo Milizia Artiglieria Marittima".

On May 18, 1942, Pisani was sent on a secret mission to be the first Axis spy on the island of Malta. This was in line with Benito Mussolini's ambitions to have the British turn the island over to Italy.

Pisani disembarked at the "Dingli Cliffs" in Ras id-Dawwara, and transferred all his rations to the cave, which he knew well from his youth. The unusually inclement weather and the rough sea, however, washed all his possessions away within 48 hours and he was forced to wave down a British patrol boat. Upon rescue, he was brought to the Military Hospital at Mtarfa.

There, Pisani was recognized by one of his childhood friends, British Capitain Tom Warrington. He was transferred to Corradino prison, questioned, and accused of treason. On November 12, 1942, he stood trial. The public was excluded to avoid a possible hostile reaction from the Maltese Fascists; however, by this time, the fascists in Malta were either interned in Uganda or deported to Italy.

Since the "Maltese Legal Code" was suspended during the war, a jury was not convened. In addition, the judges did not consider his renouncement of British citizenship and passport, his acquisition of Italian citizenship, and his participation in combat with the Italian Army. In fact, the latter only weakened his position, since he fought against Greece, an ally of the United Kingdom. On November 19, 1942, he was sentenced to death for conspiring against His Majesty's government and for treason. His execution followed quickly in just nine days.

The King of Italy, Victor Emmanuel III, awarded him a few days after his death with the highest Italian military medal (the "Medaglia d'oro al Valor Militare alla memoria"), because he considered Carmelo Borg Pisani an Italian soldier with Italian citizenship.

His family still awaits approval to bury his body outside the garrison where was executed.

Mussolini called him a "Maltese Martyr" and created in his honor in Liguria the "Battaglione Borg Pisani" in November 1943, where other Maltese irredentists fought. His tomb is still in "Corradino" jail. Inside his own jail was found written by him: "I vili ed i servi non sono graditi al Signore" ("The cowards and the servants are not esteemed by the Lord").




Arrondissement of Tulle

The arrondissement of Tulle is an arrondissement of France, in the Corrèze department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Tulle.

When the Corrèze department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Tulle was part of that original department.

It is the central "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has 78,408 inhabitants (2014) and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Tulle is in the centre of the department and is bordered to the north by the Haute-Vienne department, to the northeast and east by the "arrondissement" of Ussel, to the southeast by the Cantal department, to the south by the Lot department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Brive-la-Gaillarde.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Tulle, only three cantons do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement": Haute-Dordogne, Midi corrézien and Uzerche. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Tulle has 106 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Ussel

The arrondissement of Ussel is an arrondissement of France, in the Corrèze department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Ussel.

When the Corrèze department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Ussel was part of that original department.

It is the northernmost "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has 32,898 inhabitants (2014) and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Ussel is in the northern part of the department and is bordered to the northwest (a small part) by the Haute-Vienne department, to the north by the Creuse department, to the east by the Puy-de-Dôme department, to the southeast by the Cantal department, and to the southwest and west by the "arrondissement" of Tulle.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Ussel, only one canton does not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement": the Haute-Dordogne. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Ussel has 80 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Choi-Yong-kun

Choi Yong-kun (Korea:최용건;hanja:崔庸健, July 21, 1900 – September 19, 1976) was Chinese and North Korean soldier, Korea independence activist and politician. nickname was Seokcheon(석천;石泉), ohtername was Chuhae(추해;秋海), Ryong-gun(룡건;龍健).

Choi was born Seosung, in Taecheon, he was study to Taecheon premiry school and In 1919 Jeongju Ohsan Middle school. but Marth 1921 he was Withdrawal to middle school. In 1923 he was go to china and entrance into Winnan Military Academy school, Graduated to two years later. In 1924 to April 1925 he was Apprenticeships Military trainers of Hwangpu Military Academy, but he was involved to Guangzhou riots. later he was eacape to Manchu. In 1936 to 1939 he was activity to Northeast Anti-Japanese coalition forces, 1940's he was go to USSR.

In October 1945, he was return to his country, he was appointed to Central Committee of People's Committee Association of the South Pyongan Province and joint to Chosun communism party and Chosun labor party. In 1946 header of Chosun Democratic party, in February 1947 he was first Commander-in-Chief was Korean people's Army until 1950.

In September 2, 1948, he was joint to North Korean government. so he was appoint to first Defense Minister of North Korea, first Korean Supreme People's lawmakers, In 1950 to 1952, he was joint to Korea War, Choi was Seoul defense system commander and Incheon defense system commander.

In October 1957 he was vice head state of North Korea and In March 10, 1958 to December 18, 1972 he was head state of North Korea. In December 1958 to 6 July, 1959 appoint to Committee Chair of Health Committee, 1972 until his death, he was vice president of North Korea.

Comma-separated values

In computing, a comma-separated values (CSV) file stores information you might find in a spreadsheet, such as a table of text, numbers, and dates, in a plain text file.

Typically, the first line in a plain text file would contain header information, which are labels for table information organized vertically. Starting with the second line, each line would represent a row. Each cell in a row is separated by a comma, hence its name.

The following is a simple example of this type of file. The example has three columns (labeled 'name', 'age', and 'favorite color'), and four rows (including the header line at the top).
name,age,favorite color
Alice,12,green
Bob,23,purple
Jane,34,blue
Text in a cell may be surrounded by quotation character (<nowiki>"</nowiki>), to note the start and end of a cell (a particular column and row location) in a table. Quotation characters in a cell value in turn can be denoted by doubling the quotation character (<nowiki>""</nowiki>). This is primarily used to signify that a particular cell contains data that may be confusing to a computer that's trying to read the file. A common example of this is when a cell contains a comma as part of it's data. Without the quotation marks, it's unclear if the comma denotes a separation between cells:
name,age
Smith, Joe,45
Choi, Ceri,56
Plummer, Olive,23
or if it should be part of the cell's data:
"name","age"
"Smith, Joe","45"
"Choi, Ceri","56"
"Plummer, Olive","23"
CSV is a way to describe table data. However, various applications may require different types of tables. Having a file in CSV format may not be enough for a file to be compatible with a particular application.

Furthermore, CSV is stored in plain text. An application may have problems reading a CSV file because of incompatibility with the plain text format, either because of the character encoding or line break format.

Mülchi

Mülchi was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Mülchi, Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Grafenried, Limpach, Schalunen and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Münchenbuchsee

Münchenbuchsee is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is famous as the birthplace of painter Paul Klee.

Angiosperm Phylogeny Group

The Angiosperm Phylogeny Group (APG) is an informal international group of botanists who came together to get a consensus on the taxonomy of flowering plants (angiosperms). They wanted to base it on plant relationships got from phylogeny.

Four versions of a classification system have come from this collaboration. They were published in 1998, 2003, 2009 and 2016. Earlier angiosperm classifications were not based on monophyletic groups (i.e., groups that include all the descendants of a common ancestor).

The principles of the APG's approach to classification were set out in the first paper of 1998, and have remained unchanged in subsequent revisions. Briefly, these are: 


For a detailed discussion on phylogenetic nomenclature, see Cantino "et al" 2007.

The latest version is APG IV.

Attiswil

Attiswil is a municipality of the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Abdul Sattar Edhi

Abdul Sattar Edhi (Memoni, ; 1 January 1928 – 8 July 2016) was a Pakistani philanthropist, social activist, ascetic, and humanitarian. He was the founder and head of the Edhi Foundation in Pakistan. He ran the organization for 60 years. He was known as Angel of Mercy. He was thought to be Pakistan's "most respected" and legendary figure. 

In 2013, "The Huffington Post" said that he might be "the world's greatest living humanitarian."

Kapil Dev

Kapil Dev is a former Indian cricket player. He was an all rounder, a right hand batsman and right arm fast bowler. He captained the Indian cricket team when it won the 1983 World Cup. 

Kapil Dev Ramlal Nikhanj was born on 6 January 1959 in Chandigarh, Punjab, India. As a technical bowler, he was known as the "Haryana hurricane". He got a joint man of the match with the Australian cricketer Dean Jones.

Kapil Dev was the captain who led the Indian team to its first World Cup win in 1983. He got 434 wickets and scored 5248 runs with 8 centuries and 27 fifties in test cricket. He got 253 wickets and 3783 runs in ODIs. He is the only player in the history of cricket to have taken more than 400 wickets (434 wickets) and scored more than 5,000 runs in Tests.

Münchenwiler

Münchenwiler () is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Münchringen

Münchringen was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Münchringen and Scheunen merged into the municipality of Jegenstorf.

Münsingen

Münsingen (, Bernese German: "Münsige") is a town and municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Trimstein merged into the municipality of Münsingen and On 1 January 2017, the former municipality of Tägertschi merged into the municipality of Münsingen.

The municipality lies on the River Aare between the cities of Bern and Thun.


Müntschemier

Müntschemier () is a little municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Battle of Shepherdstown

The Battle of Shepherdstown (also known as the Battle of Boteler's Ford) was fought on September 19 and 20, 1862. It was the last of four battles that made up the Maryland Campaign of the American Civil War.

In early September of 1862, General Robert E. Lee's Maryland Campaign saw the first invasion of the North by the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia. Lee's plan was to win over the citizens of Maryland, a border state, to the Confederate side. A victory in the North could also convince England and France to recognize the Confederate states as a legitimate country. The Maryland Campaign had so far consisted of three battles: the Battle of Harpers Ferry, the Battle of South Mountain and the bloody Battle of Antietam. The fourth battle was the Battle of Shepherdstown.

After Antietam, Lee's army was retreating back across the Potomac River at Boteler's Ford, about 1 mile east of Shepherdstown. Brigadier general William N. Pendleton, an ordained Episcopal minister before the war, was given command of the rearguard at Boteler's Ford covering the withdrawal of the Army of Northern Virginia back into Virginia. He was Lee's chief of artillery. As such he would dispatch various artillery units to other commands. But he had never commanded troops himself.

As the battle-weary Confederate troops crossed the river into what is now Jefferson County, West Virginia, their crossing was being protected by Pendleton's artillerymen manning about 35 cannons on the bluffs on the south side of the river. But the odd collection of cannons had several short-range howitzers and a number of obsolete six pounders incapable of reaching the opposite Maryland bluffs. Pendleton also had command of two understrength infantry brigades he stationed along the riverbank.

The last of Lee's infantry was crossing the river by early afternoon on September 19. Lee then sent General J.E.B. Stuart's cavalry to a second crossing near Williamsport, Maryland. Just as the last of the Confederates were wading ashore, Union General Alfred Pleasonton arrived with a scouting force of Union cavalrymen. He had orders from Major general George B. McClellan not to follow the retreating rebels into Virginia "unless you see a splendid opportunity to inflict great damage upon the enemy without loss to yourself." Seeing the Confederates on the South side covered by artillery on the bluffs above, he did not immediately cross the river. Instead he set up 70 cannons on the north side of the Potomac. He then ordered the cannons to open fire on the Confederates. The Confederate artillery returned fire as best they could. That same morning Union general Fitz John Porter's V Corps had arrived. He had orders from McClellan to support Pleasonton and attack the Confederates as they retreated. As night approached, Porter's 500 or so Union soldiers began crossing the Potomac. The Union troops attacked Lee's rearguard and proceeded to capture several of Pendleton's cannon. With his artillery overpowered Pendleton panicked and left his post as commander of the Confederate forces to look for reinforcements. Shortly after midnight Pendleton found Lee. He told his commander he had lost all of his cannon and Federal troops were on the South shore. In fact, the Union forces had only captured five of his cannons. In his absence, the Confederate artillerymen had moved the remaining cannon back to safety.

Early in the morning hundreds more Union troops began crossing the Potomac to join the 500 already there. As they pushed into Shepherdstown they met the Confederate reinforcements commanded by general Stonewall Jackson. Porter, seeing he was badly outnumbered ordered his men back to the Maryland side of the river. But some could not escape before the Confederates opened fire on them. One unit, the 118th Pennsylvania Infantry, was pinned down and could not cross back into Maryland. They were inexperienced and had been issued poor quality muskets that did not always fire. Some scrambled down the cliffs to cross the water under fire. The regiment lost a total of 269 casualties out of 737 men. For the rest of the day the two sides remained in their positions on either side of the Potomac. The battle ended in a stalemate.

Ussel, Corrèze

Ussel () is a French commune, a "subprefecture" in the Corrèze department in central France. It is in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Ussel.

It is the capital of the old, historical region of "Haute-Corrèze".

Ussel is in the Massif Central on the foot of the plateau de Millevaches. The city itself is on top of a hill between the valleys of the Diège and the Sarsonne rivers.

The "commune" of Ussel has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The city of Ussel is at about from Bordeaux, at from Toulouse, at from Paris and at from Lyon.

The "commune" of Ussel is surrounded by the "communes":

Three rivers flow through the "commune"ː the river Diège (the town sometimes is called "Ussel-sur-Diège"), the river Sarsonne and the stream "Étang Roux".

The climate of Ussel, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of this city are known, in French, as "Usselois" (women: "Usseloises").

With a population of 9,772, Ussel has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Ussel

Ussel is a subprefecture of the Corrèze department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Ussel and the administrative centre () of the canton of Ussel.

It is part of the intercommunality "Haute-Corrèze" ().

Ussel is twinned with:



Hekatonkheires

The Hekatonkheires ( - "Hundred-handed ones") are one of the three races of beings born to Ouranos and Gaia, the primordial gods of the sky and the Earth. Their names are Kottos (), Briareos () and Gyges (). 

The Hekatonkheires received their name because they each have a hundred arms, fifty on each side of their bodies. Despised by their father, the Hekatonkheires were thrown into Tartarus alongside their brothers, the Elder Cyclopes, guarded by the monster Kampê. Many years later, Zeus, alongside his brothers and sisters, freed the Hekatonkheires and the Elder Cyclopes from their prison so that they might help them in their war against the Titans. During the war, the Hekatonkheires threw rocks at Mount Othrys, the Titans' base, reducing the mountain to half its original size. After the Titanomachy, the Titans were cast into Tartarus, and Zeus appointed the Hekatonkheires to be their jailers. 

Neuenegg

Neuenegg is a municipality of the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Nidau

Nidau is a municipality of the administrative district Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Niederbipp

Niederbipp is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the Swiss canton of Bern. On 1 January 2020, the former municipality of Wolfisberg merged into Niederbipp.


Ebbs

Ebbs is a small village in the Kufstein district in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is north of Kufstein at the border with Bavaria, Germany. The village has seven parts. It was mentioned for the first time as "Episas" in 788. Rumors came up that settlement began in the Roman age. The main source of income is tourism but the village also has commuters.


Milos Raonic

Milos Raonic (born December 27, 1990) is a Canadian professional tennis player. 

Raonic was born in Titograd, Socialist Republic of Montenegro, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. He moved to Brampton, Ontario, Canada in 1994. He lives in Monte Carlo, Monaco. His uncle is Montenegrin politician Branimir Gvozdenovíc.

Raonic is the most successful Canadian singles player. He turned pro in 2008. He represented Canada at the 2012 Summer Olympics. His world ranking peaked at no. 3 in November 2016. He was the losing finalist of the 2016 Wimbledon Championships.

Antonino Natoli of Patti

Antonino da Patti, also called Antonio da Patti, was a Sicilian priest. In 1596 he was made an apostolic visitor for the Order of Reformed Friars Minor in the Terra di Lavoro. He suffered many persecutions, and died in Rome the 6th January 1618. He was buried at the church of San Francesco a Ripa.

Greg Rusedski

Gregory Rusedski (born 6 September 1973) is a retired Canadian-British tennis player.

Rusedski was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. His mother is English. His father was born in Germany and was of Polish and Ukrainian descent.

Rusedski turned pro in 1991 and played for Canada until 1995. From 1995 until his retirement in 2007, he played for Great Britain. He was the losing finalist in the 1997 U.S. Open. His world ranking peaked at no.4 later that year. He was the British number 1 in 1997 and 1999. He competed in the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.

Rusedski was a contestant on "Dancing on Ice" in 2008. He lives in London.

Eugenie Bouchard

Eugenie Bouchard (born February 25, 1994) is a Canadian professional tennis player. She was born in Montreal, Quebec. She lives in Miami Beach, Florida.

Bouchard turned professional in 2009. She was the losing finalist at the 2014 Wimbledon Championships. Her world ranking peaked at no.5 later that year.

Niederhünigen

Niederhünigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Dotzigen

Dotzigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Niedermuhlern

Niedermuhlern is a municipality of the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland located in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Niederönz

Niederönz is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Niederönz is west of Herzogenbuchsee.


Niederösch

Niederösch was a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Niederösch and Oberösch merged into the municipality of Ersigen.

Johnny Barnes

Johnny Barnes (born John James Randolf Adolphus Mills, June 23, 1923 – July 9, 2016) was a Bermudian entertainer. He was known for waving to passing traffic at the Foot of the Lane roundabout in Hamilton, Bermuda. He became so loved and well known that the government of Bermuda created a statue of Barnes and be placed in Hamilton. 

Barnes died on July 9, 2016 in Hamilton, aged 93.

Geneviève Castrée

Geneviève Elverum (born Gosselin; April 9, 1981 – July 9, 2016), also known as Geneviève Castrée, was a Canadian comics artist, illustrator, and musician. She was from Loretteville, Quebec. She once recorded under the name Woelv and later switched to Ô PAON.

Castrée died on 9 July 2016 from pancreatic cancer in Anacortes, Washington, aged 34.

Vaughn Harper

Vaughn Harper (March 7, 1945 – July 9, 2016) was an American broadcast announcer and DJ. In 1976, Harper became a nighttime Radio DJ for WBLS (107.5 FM) in New York City. He was known for his soft voice so he was nicknamed "the Quiet Storm". He was an active basketball broadcaster for small teams.

Harper died from complications of diabetes on July 9, 2016 in Syracuse, New York, aged 71.

Wolfram Siebeck

Wolfram Siebeck (19 September 1928 – 7 July 2016) was a German journalist, author and food critic. He used to criticize fast food, TV dinners, subsidized agriculture and Intensive animal farming. Siebeck was born in Duisburg.

Silvano Piovanelli

Silvano Piovanelli (21 February 1924 – 9 July 2016) was an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Florence from 1983 to 2001. He was elevated to the cardinalate in 1985. He was born in Borgo San Lorenzo, Kingdom of Italy.

Piovanelli died on 9 July 2016 in Florence, Italy, aged 92.

Jacques Rouffio

Jacques Rouffio (14 August 1928 – 8 July 2016) was a French movie director and screenwriter. His 1986 movie "My Brother-in-law Killed My Sister" was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival.

Rouddio died on 8 July 2016 in Paris, aged 87.

Harold A. Linstone

Harold Adrian Linstone (June 15, 1924 – July 8, 2016) was a German-born American mathematician, consultant, futurist and University Professor Emeritus of Systems Science at Portland State University and a specialist in applied mathematics. He was born in Hamburg.

Linstone was editor-in-chief of the professional journal "Technological Forecasting and Social Change", which he founded in 1969.

Linstone died on July 8, 2016 in Portland, Oregon, aged 92.


Mamnoon Hussain

Hussain briefly served as Governor of Sindh in 1999. His term as governor was cut short by the military coup d'état staged in 1999. After the PML(N) secured majority in general elections held in 2013, Hussain was nominated and elected as President of Pakistan on 30 July 2013. He won the election in a landslide victory winning 432 votes to his rival Wajihuddin Ahmed's 77 votes.

In February 2020, Hussain was diagnosed with cancer. He died from the disease on 14 July 2021 at a hospital in Karachi, aged 80.

FreeThe20 campaign

FreeThe20 is a campaign to call attention to women who are political prisoners around the world. The campaign names twenty women who are imprisoned unjustly. Samantha Power, the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, started the campaign for the twentieth anniversary of the Beijing Declaration.

The reason for the campaign was to tell governments to stop putting women in prison, and to tell the women and their families that they are not alone. There were twenty names of women in twenty days, one for every year since the Beijing Declaration. 

In September 2015, a bipartisan "#FreeThe20" bill was introduced to the U.S Senate. All twenty women senators of the two political parties supported the bill. They said,

For status of the women updated to the end of the Powers' term as Secretary of State, see #FreeThe20 Women Political Prisoners and Prisoners of Concern Campaign .

The following women are still imprisoned (updated March 2017):


The following women have been released (alphabetical):


Sydney Schanberg

Sydney Hillel Schanberg (January 17, 1934 – July 9, 2016) was an American journalist. He was best known for his coverage of the war in Cambodia. He has been the recipient of a Pulitzer Prize in 1976 for his reporting on the war.

Schanberg died on July 9, 2016 in Poughkeepsie, New York on July 9, 2016 from a heart attack, aged 82.

Clinton, Massachusetts

Clinton is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 15,428 at the 2020 census.


Anatoli Isayev

Anatoli Konstantinovich Isayev (; 14 July 1932 – 10 July 2016) was a Soviet football player and Soviet and Russian coach. Isayev made his debut for USSR in 1955. He first played against West Germany. He played in the 1958 FIFA World Cup qualifiers but was not selected for the final tournament squad. He was born in Moscow.

Isayev died on 10 July 2016 in Moscow, aged 84.

Aziza Siddiqui

Aziza Siddiqui is a human rights activist from Afghanistan. In 2007, Siddiqui received the International Women of Courage Award.

Aziza Siddiqui was born in Afghanistan. When she was 8 years old, her family moved to Pakistan because of war. In 2003 she returned to Afghanistan.

In Afghanistan, Siddiqui worked with Action Aid, an Afghan NGO. She taught women in the northern provinces about their rights. She talked to men about women making decisions. Villages got $50 if they had a man in the council to make decisions. If they also had a woman in the council, they got $100. 

After Siddiqui traveled to Washington D.C. to receive the award, her family told her to stay in the U.S. They said it was not safe to go back to Afghanistan. In 2008, Siddiqui worked as a case worker for BIAS, Bi-lingual International Assistant Services in St. Louis. She worked with immigrants. She also worked as an interpreter for the International Institute.

Sundus Abbas

Sundus Abbas (‎) is an Iraqi activist for women's rights. She is the executive director of the Women's Leadership Institute in Baghdad. In 2007, Abbas received the International Women of Courage Award.

Abbas teaches women about government and making decisions.

Abbas is from the Iraqi Turkmen ethnic group. In 2016 she represented the Turkmen people at a meeting at the European Parliament.



Shatha Abdul Razzak Abbousi

Shatha Abdul Razzak Abbousi (Arabic: شذى عبد الرزاق عبوسي ) is an Iraqi politician. She is a representative in the Iraqi Council of Representatives. In 2007 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Abbousi was born in Baghdad on September 9, 1964. She went to primary and secondary school in Mosel. In 2005 she received a bachelor's degree from the University of Baghdad. She became a member of the Iraqi Parliament in 2006.

Corrèze (river)

The Corrèze () is a river in southwestern France, left tributary of the Vézère river. The Corrèze department is named after this river.

The Corrèze river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge is at Brive-la-Gaillarde in the Corrèze department.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Brive-la-Gaillarde (1918-2011)
The source of the Corrèze is in northwestern Massif Central, in the plateau of "Millevaches", to the south of the "commune" of Pérols-sur-Vézère, in the Corrèze department, at an altitude of .

It flows through the "communes" of Corrèze and Tulle. Then it flows into the plain in the southwest of the department and flows through the "communes" of Malemort-sur-Corrèze and Brive-la-Gaillarde.

Finally, west of Brive-la-Gaillarde, it flows into the Vézère river at the limit between Saint-Pantaléon-de-Larche and Ussac, at of altitude.

The Corrèze river flows through 24 "communes", all in the Corrèze department.

The name of the river, Corrèze, is found in the name of the department and of three "communes": Les Angles-sur-Corrèze, Corrèze and Malemort-sur-Corrèze.

The main tributaries of the Corrèze river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Alfred G. Knudson

Alfred George Knudson, Jr. M.D., Ph.D. (August 9, 1922 – July 10, 2016) was an American geneticist. He worked in cancer genetics. He was known for the formulation of the Knudson hypothesis in 1971. It explains the effects of mutation on carcinogenesis (the development of cancer).

Knudson died on July 10, 2016 at his home in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from a long-illness at the age of 93.


Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa

Marcelo Nuno Duarte Rebelo de Sousa (), (born 12 December 1948) is a Portuguese politician. A member of the Social Democratic Party, he has been the President of Portugal since 9 March 2016. 

António Ramalho Eanes

António dos Santos Ramalho Eanes, (; born 25 January 1935) is a Portuguese general and politician. He was the 16th President of Portugal from 1976 to 1986.


Manuel Alegre

Manuel Alegre de Melo Duarte, GCL (born 12 May 1936) is a Portuguese poet and politician. He is a member of the Socialist Party. He was a candidate to the Portuguese presidential election, 2006. He was a presidential candidate, in the 2011 presidential election, this time being backed up by the Left Bloc and the Socialist Party.

Dith Pran

Dith Pran (; 27 September 1942 – 30 March 2008) was a Cambodian photojournalist. He was best known as a refugee and survivor of the Cambodian genocide. 

Pran died on 30 March 2008 in New Brunswick, New Jersey from pancreatic cancer, aged 65.


Sally Yates

Sally Caroline Quillian Yates (born August 20, 1960 in Atlanta) is an American lawyer. She studied at the University of Georgia and was the acting Attorney General of the United States from January 20, 2017 through January 30, 2017. She was also serving as Deputy Attorney General from March 2015 until her dismissal on January 30, 2017.

Yates was born in Atlanta to John Kelley Quillian (1930–1986), an attorney and judge who was a judge on the Georgia Court of Appeals between 1966 and 1984, and his wife, Xara "Mickey" DeBeaugrine Quillian (née Terrell; 1931–2012), an interior designer. Her grandmother had been one of the first women admitted to the Georgia Bar; however, she was not hired as an attorney, instead working as a legal secretary for Yates's grandfather.

Yates attended the University of Georgia, receiving her Bachelor of Arts degree in journalism in 1982. In 1986, she earned a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Georgia School of Law, graduating magna cum laude. While in law school, Yates was the executive editor of the "Georgia Law Review".

On January 30, 2017, President Donald Trump fired her after saying she won't defend his executive order on the immigration ban.

Sally Yates explained her decision not to defend the executive order in the following letter to the DOJ employees:

"On January 27, 2017, the President signed an Executive Order regarding immigrants and refugees from certain Muslim-majority countries. The order has now been challenged in a number of jurisdictions. As the Acting Attorney General, it is my ultimate responsibility to determine the position of the Department of Justice in these actions."

"My role is different from that of the Office of Legal Counsel (OLC), which, through administrations of both parties, has reviewed Executive Orders for form and legality before they are issued. OLC’s review is limited to the narrow question of whether, in OLC’s view, a proposed Executive Order is lawful on its face and properly drafted. Its review does not take account of statements made by an administration or it surrogates close in time to the issuance of an Executive Order that may bear on the order’s purpose. And importantly, it does not address whether any policy choice embodied in an Executive Order is wise or just."

"Similarly, in litigation, DOJ Civil Division lawyers are charged with advancing reasonable legal arguments that can be made supporting an Executive Order. But my role as leader of this institution is different and broader. My responsibility is to ensure that the position of the Department of Justice is not only legally defensible, but is informed by our best view of what the law is after consideration of all the facts. In addition, I am responsible for ensuring that the positions we take in court remain consistent with this institution’s solemn obligation to always seek justice and stand for what is right. At present, I am not convinced that the defense of the Executive Order is consistent with these responsibilities nor am I convinced that the Executive Order is lawful."

"Consequently, for as long as I am the Acting Attorney General, the Department of Justice will not present arguments in defense of the Executive Order, unless and until I become convinced that it is appropriate to do so."

A career prosecutor in Atlanta who has served under both Republican and Democrat administrations, Sally Yates has been hailed as a hero by both parties. Senator Johnny Isakson, Republican of Georgia, introduced her at her confirmation hearing in 2015.

“She will be a hero of the American people, a hero of what’s right,” Mr. Isakson said at the time. “She’ll call them like she sees them, and she will be fair, and she will be just.”

At those hearings, Republicans were furious about former President Barack Obama's order liberalizing immigration policy and questioned Ms. Yates about whether she would be willing to stand up to the president. Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama and Mr. Trump's nominee for attorney general, was particularly pointed in his questioning.

“If the views the president wants to execute are unlawful, should the attorney general or the deputy attorney general say 'No?’” Mr. Sessions asked.

"I believe the attorney general or deputy attorney general has an obligation to follow the law and Constitution and give their independent legal advice to the president,” Ms. Yates replied.

Sylvia Mathews Burwell

Sylvia Mathews Burwell was born June 23, 1965 and served as the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services from 2014 to 2017. Previously she was the Director of the White House Office of Management and Budget from 2013 to 2014.

She was nominated by President Barack Obama on April 11, 2014, to the position of the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services after Kathleen Sebelius resigned. Burwell's nomination was confirmed by the Senate on June 5, 2014 by a vote of 78-17.


Simone Veil

Simone Veil, DBE (; 13 July 1927 – 30 June 2017) was a French lawyer and politician. She served as Minister of Health under Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, President of the European Parliament and member of the Constitutional Council of France.

She was awarded the Grand Cross of the Légion D'Honneur in 2012.

She was of Jewish descent and survived the Holocaust.

Veil died in Paris on 30 June 2017, aged 89.

United States Deputy Attorney General

The United States Deputy Attorney General is the second highest ranking official in the United States Department of Justice. The Deputy Attorney General manages the day-to-day activities of the Department of Justice. It may act as Attorney General during the absence of the Attorney General. President of the United States appoints the Deputy Attorney General with the advice and consent of the United States Senate. The Office of the Deputy Attorney General was created in 1950.

Pteraspid

Pteraspids were early agnathan vertebrates. They lived from later Silurian to the end of the Devonian. Fossils are found in Europe and North America.

The whole group has the head and front of the body armoured. Delicate, finger-like parts of the plates were at the edges of the mouth. This suggests they were filter feeders taking plankton from the water column.

List of prime ministers of India

The prime minister of India, is the chief executive of the government of India. The prime minister leads the executive branch and chairs the Council of Ministers.

Since the Independence of India, India has had fifteen prime ministers. The first was Jawaharlal Nehru of the Indian National Congress party.

The current prime minister is Narendra Modi of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) since 2014.


Prugiasco

Prugiasco is a village and former municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Prugiasco, Castro, Corzoneso, Dongio, Largario, Leontica, Lottigna, Marolta and Ponto Valentino merged into the new municipality of Acquarossa.

Niederried bei Interlaken

Niederried bei Interlaken is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Jens, Switzerland

Jens is a municipality in the administrative district Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Niederried bei Kallnach

Niederried bei Kallnach was a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Niederried bei Kallnach merged into the municipality of Kallnach.

Vindhyas

The Vindhyas are a mountain range in west-central India.

The highest point of the Vindhyas is the Sad-bhawna Shikhar ("Goodwill Peak").


Niederstocken

Niederstocken was a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Niederstocken, Höfen and Oberstocken merged into the new municipality of Stocken-Höfen.

Nods, Switzerland

Nods is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Noflen

Noflen was a municipality of the Swiss canton of Bern. It is in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Gelterfingen, Mühledorf and Noflen merged into the municipality of Kirchdorf.

Antiarchi

The Antiarchi is an order of heavily armored placoderms. The antiarchs were the second-most successful group of placoderms (after the arthrodires) in terms of numbers of species and range of environments. 

The front part of their bodies were heavily armoured. The rear parts were sometimes scaled, sometimes naked. The pectoral fins were modified. In primitive forms, such as "Yunnanolepis", the limbs were thick and short, while in advanced forms, such as "Bothriolepis", the limbs were long and had elbow-like joints. Probably they helped the fish pull themselves across the substrate, or allow their owners to bury themselves into the substrate.


Sally Beauman

Sally Beauman (25 July 1944 – 7 July 2016) was an English journalist and writer. She was the author of eight widely translated and best-selling novels. She was known for re-writing William Shakespeare plays. She was known for writing the 1987 novel "Destiny". She also wrote "Rebecca's Tale" and "The Landscape of Love".

Beauman died of pneumonia on 7 July 2016 at a London hospital in her sleep, aged 71.


Robert E. Cooper Sr.

Robert E. Cooper, Sr. (October 14, 1920 July 11, 2016) was an American judge. He was a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court from 1974 until his retirement in 1990. Cooper was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee. He was a former chairman of the Tennessee Judicial Council. He has served on the Sixth Judicial Circuit (1953–1960) and Tennessee Court of Appeals (1960–1974).

Cooper, Sr. died in Chattanooga, Tennessee on July 11, 2016, aged 95.

Odette Krempin

Princess Odette Maniema Krempin (October 30, 1973) is an Congolese entrepreneur. She was a former honorary consul of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in Frankfurt am Main. She was a member of the Kuba Kingdom. She was born in Maniema, Zaire.

Krempin disappeared in 2014 while being sought for questioning by Belgian police in the Duferco corruption scandal.

Racine, Wisconsin

Racine ( ) or ( ) is a city in and the county seat of Racine County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located on the shore of Lake Michigan at the mouth of the Root River. Racine is centrally located between Milwaukee and Chicago. As of the 2013 U.S. census, the city had a population of 78,199,

Oberbalm

Oberbalm is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Green Party (Norway)

The Green party (Norwegian: Miljøpartiet de Grønne) is a green political party in Norway.

They gained one representative in the "Storting" (the Norwegian Parliament) in the 2013 election. The representative, Rasmus Hansson, was also the spokesperson of the party. 

The party won three seats in the 2021 Norwegian parliamentary election.


Motion of no confidence

A motion of no confidence, is a vote on whether a group of people still has confidence in a government or leader. This is a statement or vote which states that a person in a superior position, be it government, managerial, etc., is no longer deemed fit to hold that position.

The first motion of no confidence occurred in March 1782 when, following news of the British defeat at Yorktown in the American Revolutionary War the previous October, the Parliament of Great Britain voted that they "can no longer repose confidence in the present ministers". In modern times, passage of a motion of no confidence is relatively rare in two-party democracies. Party discipline is usually enough to allow a majority party to defeat a motion of no confidence.

There are variations of this in different countries. For example, in Germany, Spain, and Israel, a vote of no confidence requires that the opposition, on the same ballot, propose a candidate of their own whom they want to be appointed as successor by the respective head of state. A motion of no confidence in some countries can be proposed in the government collectively or by any individual member, including the Prime Minister. In Spain it is presented by the Prime Minister after consultation.

Sometimes a party proposes a confidence vote even though it is not likely to pass. The no confidence vote may pressure the government. Or when the government proposes the vote it can embarrass critics who do not vote against the government.

Angela Eagle

Angela Eagle (born 17 February 1961) is a British Labour Party politician. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Wallasey since the 1992 general election. 

Eagle is openly lesbian. She came out in a newspaper interview in September 1997.

Heidi Alexander

Heidi Alexander (born 17 April 1975) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Lewisham East since the 2010 general election. She was appointed Shadow Secretary of State for Health on 13 September 2015. She resigned from the shadow cabinet on 26 June 2016.

Gloria de Piero

Gloria De Piero (born 21 December 1972) is a British Labour Party politician and journalist. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Ashfield since 2010. She was last known for her work on "GMTV".

After serving as a shadow minister from October 2010, De Piero was promoted to the shadow cabinet in 2013 as Shadow Minister for Women and Equalities. In 2015 she was appointed Shadow Minister for Young People and Voter Registration. She resigned that position on 26 June 2016.

Ian Murray (British politician)

Ian Murray (born 10 August 1976) is a British Labour Party politician. He has represented Edinburgh South as Member of Parliament (MP) since the 2010 general election.

Lilian Greenwood

Lilian Rachel Greenwood (born 26 March 1966) is a British Labour Party politician. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Nottingham South since 2010.

John McDonnell

John Martin McDonnell (born 8 September 1951) is a British Labour Party politician. He was appointed the Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer in September 2015. He became the Member of Parliament (MP) for Hayes and Harlington at the 1997 general election.


Jon Trickett

Jon Hedley Trickett (born 2 July 1950) is a British Labour politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Hemsworth in West Yorkshire since a 1996 by-election. 

He served as the Parliamentary Private Secretary to Prime Minister Gordon Brown from 2008 to 2010 and was promoted to the Shadow Cabinet by Ed Miliband in 2011 as Shadow Minister for the Cabinet Office. He is currently the Shadow Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills.


Angela Smith, Baroness Smith of Basildon

Angela Evans Smith, Baroness Smith of Basildon (born 7 January 1959) is a Labour Co-operative politician from England. She was Member of Parliament (MP) for Basildon from 1997 until losing her seat to the Conservatives at the 2010 General Election. 

Smith was a Minister of State in the Cabinet Office, incorporating the offices of Minister for the Third Sector and Minister for Social Exclusion.

Emily Thornberry

Emily Anne Thornberry (born 27 July 1960) is a British Labour Party politician. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Islington South and Finsbury since the 2005 general election. Since June 2016, she has been Shadow Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs and Shadow First Secretary of State under the leadership of Jeremy Corbyn.

In December 2019, Thornberry launched her leadership campaign for the 2020 Labour Party leadership race. She was eliminated from the race on February 14, 2020.

Steve Bassam, Baron Bassam of Brighton

John Steven Bassam, Baron Bassam of Brighton, PC (born 11 June 1953) is a British Labour and Co-operative politician and member of the House of Lords.

On 8 July 2009 he was made a Privy Councillor.

Lucy Powell

Lucy Maria Powell (born 10 October 1974) is a British Labour and Co-operative politician and Member of Parliament for Manchester Central in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. 

She was first elected at the Manchester Central by-election in November 2012. In September 2015 she was appointed Shadow Secretary of State for Education in Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet, but resigned in June 2016.

Kerry McCarthy

Kerry Gillian McCarthy (born 26 March 1965) is a British Labour Party politician. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Bristol East since 2005 and was the Shadow Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs from September 2015 to June 2016.

Seema Malhotra

Seema Malhotra (born 7 August 1972) is a British Labour and Co-operative Party politician. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Feltham and Heston since a by-election was held following the death of Alan Keen in 2011. 

Vernon Coaker

Vernon Rodney Coaker (born 17 June 1953) is a British Labour Party politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Gedling since 1997.

He also served as the Minister of State for Schools from 2009 to 2010, Shadow Secretary of State for Defence from 2013 to 2015 and Shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from October 2011 to October 2013, and again from September 2015 until his resignation in June 2016 from the Shadow Cabinet.


Charles Falconer, Baron Falconer of Thoroton

Charles Leslie "Charlie" Falconer, Baron Falconer of Thoroton, (born 19 November 1951) is a British Labour peer and barrister.

Falconer became the Lord Chancellor and the first Secretary of State for Constitutional Affairs in 2003 under Prime Minister Tony Blair. He was the first Secretary of State for Justice in a 2007 reorganization and enlargement of the portfolio of the Department for Constitutional Affairs. He held this role for over a month until Gordon Brown became Prime Minister in June 2007. 

Falconer was replaced by Jack Straw. He was named Shadow Justice Secretary under the acting leadership of Harriet Harman, and continued in this role after the election of Jeremy Corbyn as leader of the party, until he resigned on 26 June 2016.

Chris Bryant

Christopher John "Chris" Bryant (born 11 January 1962) is a British Labour Party politician.

He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Rhondda since the 2001 general election and most recently the Shadow Leader of the House of Commons until resigning on June 26th, 2016. He was previously the Shadow Minister for the Arts, Minister of State for Europe, Deputy Leader of the House of Commons and Shadow Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport.

Bryant is openly gay.


John Chilcot

Sir John Chilcot, GCB PC (; 22 April 1939 – 3 October 2021) was a British Privy Counsellor and civil servant. He was the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry.

His appointment as chairman of an inquiry into the events surrounding the March 2003 invasion of Iraq and its aftermath was announced in June 2009.

He was president of Britain's independent policing think tank, The Police Foundation.

His honours included CB (1990), KCB (1994), and GCB (1998). He became a Privy Counsellor in 2004, and was a member of the Butler Review. He acted as "staff counsellor" to MI5 and MI6 from 1999 to 2004, "dealing with private and personal complaints from members of the intelligence services about their work and conditions".

Chilcot died from kidney disease on 3 October 2021, at the age of 82.

 

Time in Algeria

Algeria uses Central European Time (CET) which is 1 hour ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (). Algeria does not observe daylight savings time from 1981. Before 1981, it used Western European Time (WET) and Western European Summer Time (WEST).

Tarapacá Region

The I Tarapacá Region () is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions. The present Tarapacá Region was created in 2007 by subdividing the former Tarapacá Region under Law 20.175. It became operational on 8 October 2007.

The port city of Iquique is the capital of the region.

Chile's former Tarapacá region was a former Peruvian province, which was occupied by Chile under the 1883 Treaty of Ancón at the close of the War of the Pacific, and then formally annexed in 1929 by the Treaty of Lima.

The region was important economically as a site of intense saltpeter mining, before synthetic nitrate manufacturing became possible.

The Tarapacá region borders the Arica and Parinacota region to the north, Bolivia's Oruro Department on the east, the Antofagasta region on the south and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

, there were (estimated) 336,769 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city in the region is Iquique, with 164,396 inhabitants (2002 census).

In 2007, the former region of Tarapacá was subdivided to create the Arica y Parinacota Region to the north and the present day Tarapacá Region to the south. The Tarapacá region is further subdivided into two provinces: Arica and Parinacota.



Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje

Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje (; born 22 August 1967) is a British actor and former model. He is of Nigerian origin. 

He is best known for his roles as Lock-Nah in "The Mummy Returns", Nykwana Wombosi in "The Bourne Identity", Mr. Eko on "Lost", and Simon Adebisi on "Oz". 

His more recent roles include Malko in the fifth season of the HBO series "Game of Thrones". He played Dave Duerson in the NFL biopic drama "Concussion". He played Killer Croc in the 2016 movie "Suicide Squad".

John Brademas

Stephen John Brademas Jr. (March 2, 1927 – July 11, 2016) was an American politician and educator. He served as Majority Whip of the United States House of Representatives for the Democratic Party from 1977 to 1981.

He served as the 13th president of New York University from 1981 to 1992, and is a former chairman of the board of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and board member of the New York Stock Exchange and Rockefeller Foundation.

Brademas died on July 11, 2016 in New York City, aged 89.

Jusztin Nándor Takács

Jusztin Nándor Takács (15 January 1927 – 11 July 2016) was a Hungarian Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Rábacsanak, Hungary. He served as the Bishop of Székesfehérvár from 1991 until his retirement in 2003.

Takács died on 11 July 2016 from complications of pneumonia in Székesfehérvár, Hungary, aged 89.


Smart material

Smart materials, called also intelligent or responsive materials, are designed materials that have one or more properties that can be significantly changed in a controlled fashion by external stimuli, such as stress, temperature, moisture, pH, electric or magnetic fields, light, or chemical compounds.

CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu

Clubul Sportiv Pandurii Lignitul Târgu Jiu (English: "Târgu Jiu Lignite Pandurs Sports Club") is a Romanian association football club from Târgu Jiu, Gorj County. They currently play in the Liga II.

Pandurii Târgu Jiu was founded in August 1963 after two clubs, "Flacăra-Unirea Târgu Jiu" and "CIL Târgu-Jiu", came together. Their best performance in the Liga I was 2nd place in the 2012/13 season. They then qualified for the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League, and made it to the group stage after defeating Levadia Tallinn, Hapoel Tel Aviv and Braga in the qualification and play-off rounds.

Since 1963, the club has played at the Stadionul Tudor Vladimirescu. The stadium was demolished in 2015, and a new stadium will be built which will hold 12,000 people.

Liga I
Liga II
Liga III



2015–16 Liga I

The 2016–17 Liga I was the 98th season of Liga I, which is the top division football league in Romania. The season began on 10 July 2015 and ended in May 2016. It was won by Astra Giurgiu.

Teams start the Championship round with their points from the Regular season halved, rounded upwards, and no other records carried over from the Regular season.

Teams start the Relegation round with their points from the Regular season halved, rounded upwards, and no other records carried over from the Regular season.

UTA Arad, from the Liga II, qualifies to the second round.

Voluntari wins second round and stays in the Liga I.


Hooghly River

The Hooghly River Ganga is an 260 km long river. It is a distributary river of Ganges River. Farakka Barrage a dam diverts water from Ganges into a canal near the town of Tildanga of Murshidabad district. This canal supplies Hooghly river with adequate water. The river has two tributaries: the Rupnarayan River and Damodar River. Hooghly also reaches Bay of Bengal at Nurpur and then empties into the sea.

Oberbipp

Oberbipp is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Oberbipp is northeast of Solothurn.


Oberburg

<br>
Oberburg is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Oberdiessbach

Oberdiessbach is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipality of Aeschlen and on 1 January 2014, Bleiken bei Oberdiessbach merged into the municipality of Oberdiessbach.


Wegberg

Wegberg is a town in the very west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It has 40 town subdivisions.

Wegberg is between Mönchengladbach and Erkelenz. Wegberg is in the Naturpark Maas-Schwalm-Nette, a nature and wildlife park.

Hematopoiesis

Hematopoiesis (or haematopoiesis; sometimes also haemopoiesis) is the formation of blood cells. In a healthy adult person, about 10–10 new blood cells are produced daily to keep steady state levels in the blood circulation.

Hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs) or hemocytoblasts are the stem cells that give rise to all the other blood cells. The process is called hematopoiesis.<ref name="Birbrair n/a–n/a"></ref> They are in the core (bone marrow) of most bones.

As a stem cell matures it undergoes changes in gene expression which limit the cell types it can become. It moves closer to a specific cell type (cellular differentiation). These changes can often be tracked by monitoring the presence of proteins on the surface of the cell. Each successive change moves the cell closer to the final cell type and limits its potential to become a different cell type.

HSC studies through much of the past half century have led to a much deeper understanding. More recent advances have resulted in the use of HSC transplants in the treatment of cancers and other immune system disorders.


Møre og Romsdal

Møre og Romsdal is a county in Norway. Norway has 19 counties.

Ålesund

Ålesund (or Aalesund) is a city and municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. Ålesund was founded in 1837. The city has gotten attention worldwide for being one of the best small sea ports in Europe.



Iquique Province

The Iquique Province () is one of two provinces in the northern Chilean region of Tarapacá (I). Its capital is the port city of Iquique.

The Iquique province is on the coast of the Pacific Ocean. The province has an area of .

Iquique is bordered on the north and east by the Tamarugal province, on the south by the Antofagasta region and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 216,419 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Iquique, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 166,204 inhabitants.

As a province, Iquique is a second-level administrative division, consisting of two communes ("comunas"): Alto Hospicio in the northeastern portion and Iquique in the rest of the province. The coastal city of Iquique serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


William H. McNeill (historian)

William Hardy McNeill (October 31, 1917 – July 8, 2016) was a Canadian-American world historian and author. He was known for his writings on Western civilization. He was Professor Emeritus of History at the University of Chicago where he had taught since 1947.

María Dolores Pradera

María Dolores Fernández Pradera (29 August 1924 in Madrid – 28 May 2018) was a Spanish melodic singer and actress. She was one of the most famous singers in Spain and Latin America. She is also known as María Dolores or La Pradera. She started her career as an actress, working in the theatre and in some of the most famous Spanish movies from the 1940s: “¡A mí la legión!” (1942), “La Lola se va a los puertos” (1947), or “Agustina de Aragón” (1950).

Pradera died May 28, 2018 at the age of 93.

Emma Cohen

Emma Cohen (born Emmanuela Beltrán Rahola; November 21, 1946 – July 11, 2016) was a Spanish actress, director, producer and writer. She appeared in many Spanish language movies. She was known for roles in "The Glass Ceiling", "Voyage to Nowhere", and in "The Grandfather".

Cohen was married to actor Fernando Fernán Gómez until his death in 2007.

Cohen died on July 11, 2016 of cancer in Madrid at the age of 69.

Corrado Farina

Corrado Farina (18 March 1939 – 11 July 2016) was an Italian movie director, screenwriter and novelist. He directed two feature movies in the seventies, many documentaries and commercials. He published seven novels. He was known for his movie "Baba Yaga" (1973).

Farina died of a heart attack in Rome on 11 July 2016, aged 77.

Jim Metzen

James P. "Jim" Metzen (October 26, 1943 – July 11, 2016) was an American politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. He is a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL). He represents District 52, which includes portions of Dakota County in the southeastern Twin Cities metropolitan area.

Metzen died on July 11, 2016 from lung cancer in South St. Paul, Minnesota, aged 72.

Tamarugal Province

Tamarugal () is one of two provinces in the northern Chilean region of Tarapacá (I). The capital is the city of Pozo Almonte.

Tamarugal means "a place where there are many "tamarugos""; tamarugo ("Prosopis tamarugo") is a tree endemic to the arid lands of northern Chile.

The Tamarugal province has an area of .

Tamarugal is bordered on the north by the Arica and Parinacota region, on the east by Bolivia, on the south by the Antofagasta region and on the west by the Iquique province and the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 22,531 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Pozo Almonte, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 6,384 inhabitants.

As a province, Tamarugal is a second-level administrative division, consisting of five communes ("comunas"). The city of Pozo Almonte serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Goran Hadžić

Goran Hadžić (; 7 September 1958 – 12 July 2016) was the former president of the Republic of Serbian Krajina. He was in office during the Croatian War of Independence. He was accused of crimes against humanity and of violation of the laws and customs of war by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.

Hadžić died of brain cancer on 12 July 2016 in Sremska Kamenica, Republic of Serbia, aged 57.

Terence Hill

Terence Hill (born Mario Girotti; 29 March 1939) is an Italian actor. He was known for his roles in "Lo chiamavano Trinità" ("They Call Me Trinity", 1971) and "Il mio nome è Nessuno" ("My Name Is Nobody", 1973), co-starring Henry Fonda. His movie "Django, Prepare a Coffin", shot in 1968 by director Ferdinando Baldi, and co-starring Horst Frank and George Eastman, was featured at the 64th Venice Film Festival in 2007. He was also known for making many movies with actor Bud Spencer.

Gopher (disambiguation)

Gopher may refer to:

Time in Jordan

Time in Jordan is on Arabia Standard Time (AST) ().

Before daylight saving time (DST) was abolished in October 2022, Jordan used Eastern European Time () which was one hour ahead on () during the summer months. Daylight saving time typically started on Friday during 26 February to 1 April and ended on the last Friday of October, with variations before 2006. In the winter of 2012-2013, there was permanent summer time (), but had been stopped in December 2013, and before 1985, there was permanent standard time (). In October 2022, daylight saving time was permanently abolished.

Time in Belarus

Belarus Time or Minsk Time is since September 2011 three hours ahead of UTC (UTC+03:00) and is used in Belarus. It is the same as Further-eastern European Time (FET), Eastern European Summer Time (EEST) during the summer, Moscow Time, Arabia Standard Time, and East Africa Time.

Until 2011, Belarus Time was equivalent to Eastern European Time (EET) and Eastern European Summer Time (EEST) with Belarus observing yearly clock changes. In 2011, Belarus stopped observing DST and moved to UTC+03:00 all year round.


Alexander Chizhevsky

Alexander Leonidovich Chizhevsky () (7 February 1897 – 20 December 1964) was a Soviet-era interdisciplinary scientist, a biophysicist. He is most notable for his use of historical research techniques to link the 11-year solar cycle, Earth’s climate and the mass activity of peoples.

His other notable works include "cosmo-biology" and hematology". 


Andrés Bello Catholic University

Andrés Bello Catholic University, also known in Spanish as Universidad Católica Andrés Bello (UCAB), is a private university with main campus located in Caracas, Venezuela. One of the largest universities in Venezuela and it was established in 1953 by the Society of Jesus.


FC Pyunik

Football Club Pyunik (Armenian: Ֆուտբոլային Ակումբ Փյունիկ; usually just called Pyunik) is a professional Armenian association football club from Yerevan. Pyunik is one of the most popular football clubs in Armenia.

The club was founded in 1992 as Homenetmen Yerevan, and they won the first Armenian Premier League held. The club was renamed in 1995 to "FC Pyunik" (Armenian for "Phoenix"). The club absorbed the newly promoted club FC Armenicum and automatically gained position in the Armenian Premier League without playing a single game in the lower leagues. Pyunik improved a lot after the arrival of many foreign players from Mali, Cameroon, Argentina and later from Romania.

They are the most successful team in Armenia, winning the Armenian Premier League 14 times and Armenian Independence Cup 8 times.

Armenian Premier League
Armenian Cup
Armenian Super Cup

2017 Africa Cup of Nations

The 2017 Africa Cup of Nations (also called AFCON 2017 and CAN 2017) was the 31st edition of the Africa Cup of Nations tournament. The tournament hosted by Gabon. It was held from 14 January to 5 February 2017.

The winner of this tournament qualified for the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup tournament in Russia.

The draw for the qualification stage took place on 8 April 2015. The following teams have qualified for the final tournament.

The draw took place on the 19th of October 2016 in Libreville.





Bridge Road (Impington)

Bridge Road, also known as the Glassworld Stadium, is a football stadium in a village in Impington, a mile away from Histon. The stadium has a capacity of 4,300 with approximately 1,700 covered seats.

Jamui

Jamui is a town in Bihar State in India. Its population is 10,51,527 (rural 9,76,960 and Urban 74,567). Subdivisions Jamui consists of 11 Blocks (Jamui, Chakai, Laxmipur, Jhajha, Sono, Khaira, Sikandra, Barhat, Asalmanagar, Aliganj, Gidhaur). Main agriculture are paddy, wheat, lentils. Ganga, Mohane, Harohar, Kiul, rivers flows through this region.

International Braille Chess Association

The International Braille Chess Association (IBCA) is an organization for blind and visually impaired chess players. The International Braille Chess Association originated unofficially in 1951 with the organization of the first international correspondence chess tournament for blind players, by Reginald Walter Bonham; the tournament included 20 players representing 10 countries. It first organized a tournament in 1958, with representatives from seven countries. Today, it has grown to encompass over 50 member nations around the world. The IBCA hosts two important competitions: the Blind Chess Olympiad and the Blind World Chess Championship.

Although most of the rules in blind chess are consistent with basic chess, there are a few modifications to the equipment to help blind and visually impaired players:
After making every move, each player is required to announce their move aloud to their opponent. Instead of writing the moves on a chess score sheet, the visually impaired player writes the moves in Braille or records the moves on a tape recorder.


Padma Shri

Padma Shri is the fourth highest civilian award of India after Bharat Ratna, Padma Vibhushan and Padma Bhushan awards. These civilian awards are awarded by the Government of India on 26 January, the Republic Day of India each year.

Padma Shri award was first given in the year 1954. This award is awarded to citizens of India in recognition of their contribution in various activities such as the arts, education, literature, industry, cinema, sports, medicine, social service, public affairs, and others.

Marit Nybakk

Marit Nybakk (born 14 February 1947) is a Norwegian Labour Party politician. She has been a Member of Parliament for Oslo since 1986. She is the First Vice President of the Norwegian parliament since 2013, and is also the woman who has served the longest time in the parliament during its entire history. She is also President of the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights since 2016.

Padma Vibhushan

Padma Vibhushan is the second highest civilian award of India after the highest civilian award Bharat Ratna. This award was followed by Padma Bhushan and Padma Shri. This award was started to be awarded to the citizens of India since 1954. This award was awarded to the recipients on the Republic Day of India.

The first recipients to be awarded with Padma Vibhushan are Satyendra Nath Bose, Nand Lal Bose, Zakir Hussain, Balasaheb Gangadhar Kher, Jigme Dorji Wangchuk and V.K.Krishna Menon. Vikram Sarabhai became the first person to be awarded Padma Vibhushan posthumously in 1972.

Oberhofen am Thunersee

Oberhofen am Thunersee is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Oberhünigen

Oberhünigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. The municipality was made in 1980 by splitting from the municipality of Schlosswil.

Padma Bhushan

Padma Bhushan is the third highest civilian award awarded by Government of India after Bharat Ratna and Padma Vibhushan but before Padma Shri. This award was also awarded in the Republic Day of India.

Padma Bhushan award was started to be awarded to the citizens of India from 1954. As of 2015, 1230 peoples were awarded with Padma Bhushan. Some citizens refused to get the award.S.Janaki, a renowned singer of the Southern parts of India refused to get the award in 2013 as the honour came to her too late and she also stated that South Indian artists are not recognised. 

Oberlangenegg

Oberlangenegg is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Duncan Fletcher

Duncan Andrew Gwynne Fletcher is a former Zimbabwe cricketer. He is a left hand batsman and Right arm medium fast bowler. He was born on 27 September 1948 in Salisbury (modern Harare), Southern Rhodesia (modern Zimbabwe). He was the former coach of India national cricket team. He was also the coach of England cricket team from 1999 to 2007. Fletcher played for Zimbabwe cricket team and took the team for victory in the 1982 ICC Trophy. But he had never played Test cricket.

Under Fletcher, England cricket team achieved famous victories against Sri Lanka national cricket team, Pakistan national cricket team, West Indies cricket team and South Africa national cricket team between 2000 and 2004. He coached the England team to win the Ashes series for 18 years when the team secured 2-1 victory over the Australia national cricket team.India national cricket team won 8 series in a row including the ICC Champions Trophy under Fletcher's coaching from 2011.


Oberönz

Oberönz was a municipality in Wangen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2008, Oberönz became part of Herzogenbuchsee.

Oberösch

Oberösch was a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Oberösch and Niederösch merged into the municipality of Ersigen.

Elaine Fantham

Elaine Fantham (25 May 1933 – 11 July 2016) was a British classicist. She was Giger Professor of Latin at Princeton University from 1986 to 1999. She was chair of the Department of Classics at Princeton from 1989 to 1992 and the president of the American Philological Association serving only in 2004.

Fantham was an expert on Latin literature, especially comedy, epic poetry and rhetoric, and Roman religion. She was classics commentator on NPR's "Weekend Edition".

Oberried am Brienzersee

Oberried am Brienzersee is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Bernardo Provenzano

Bernardo Provenzano (; 31 January 1933 – 13 July 2016) was a member of the Sicilian Mafia ("Cosa Nostra"). He was suspected of having been the head of the Corleonesi, a Mafia faction from the town of Corleone. He was the de facto "capo di tutti capi" (boss of all bosses) of the entire Sicilian Mafia until his arrest in 2006.

On 13 July 2016, Provenzano died from complications of bladder cancer at a hospital in prison at age 83.

Obersteckholz

Obersteckholz was a municipality in Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021 the Obersteckholz became part of Langenthal.


Zygmunt Zimowski

Zygmunt Zimowski (7 April 1949 – 12 July 2016) was a Polish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. Zimowski had served until his death in July of 2016 as President of the Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Health Care Workers. He was born in Kupienin, Poland.

He has been head of that office since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 18 April 2009. He lastly served as bishop of Radom from 2002 until 2009.

Zimowski died on 12 July 2016 from pancreatic cancer in Dąbrowa Tarnowska, Poland, aged 67.

Oberstocken

Oberstocken was a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Oberstocken, Höfen and Niederstocken merged into the new municipality of Stocken-Höfen.


Stocken-Höfen

Stocken-Höfen is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Höfen, Niederstocken and Oberstocken merged into the new municipality of Stocken-Höfen.


Oberthal, Switzerland

Oberthal is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Oberwil bei Büren

Oberwil bei Büren is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Oberwil im Simmental

Oberwil im Simmental is a municipality in the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Ochlenberg

Ochlenberg is a municipality of the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Oeschenbach

Oeschenbach is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Oppligen

Oppligen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Bui Thi Minh Hang

Bui Thi Minh Hang (Vietnamese Bùi Thị Minh Hằng) is a Vietnamese activist and blogger. In 2016, Samantha Power, the U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., named her one of twenty women political prisoners in the Free the 20 campaign. Bui Thi Minh Hang was released Feb. 11, 2017.

In 2011, Bui Thi Minh Hang protested in Hanoi and in Ho Chi Minh City. She protested against Chinese land claims on the Spratly and Paracel Islands. Police arrested her and sent her to sent her to Thanh Ha Education Center, a reeducation camp in Vinh Phuc province. There was an international protest about her arrest. She was in the reeducation camp for six months without a trial.

In 2012, Bui Thi Minh Hang was free again, and started to work for human rights again. She wrote about her time in the Thanh Ha Education center. She also gave people a “Manual for the Implementation of Human Rights” (Cam nang thuc thi quyen lam nguoi). In 2014, Bui Thi Minh Hang and a group of 21 bloggers and Hoa Hao Buddhist activists went to visit a political prisoner. The police arrested Bui Thi Minh Hang and two others. She was charged with disrupting traffic under Article 245 of the Penal Code. She was sentenced to three years in prison.

In 2016, Amnesty International said Bui Thi Minh Hang had health problems in prison, but she did not get medical care.

Bui Thi Minh Hang was released on Saturday Feb. 11, 2017. Her family and supporters were with her, and the traffic police escorted her back to Ho Chi Minh City.


El Lebrijano

Juan Peña Fernández (8 August 1941 – 13 July 2016), also known as Juan Peña "El Lebrijano" or simply El Lebrijano, was a Spanish flamenco singer. He was born in Lebrija, Spain.

In 1964, he won the championship at the Competition of Mairena del Alcor, one of the most important Flamenco music festivals. He was known for working with famous flamenco musician Paco de Lucía. His most famous albums were "Casablanca", "Open Door" and "Encuentros".

In 1997 the Spanish Ministry of Culture awarded him the Medalla de Oro al Trabajo (Gold medal working labour) His most recent song was a tribute to his friend, writer Gabriel García Márquez in 2014.

Peña died at his home in Seville, Spain on July 13, 2016, aged 75.


Armando León Bejarano

Armando León Bejarano Valadez (April 11, 1916 – July 6, 2016) was a Mexican orthopedic surgeon, physician, and politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He served as the Governor of Morelos from 1972 until 1982.

Bejarano died on July 6, 2016 in Cuernavaca, Morelos from pneumonia, aged 100. 

Amber Rudd

Amber "Smug" Rudd (born 1 August 1963) is a British Conservative Party politician. She has served as Member of Parliament (MP) for the East Sussex constituency of Hastings and Rye since 2010 and was the Home Secretary between July 2016 and April 2018. Her appointment as Home Secretary made her the fifth woman to hold one of the Great Offices of State.

In 2018 Rudd resigned as Home Secretary following the Windrush scandal and was replaced by Sajid Javid. She returned to government as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions in November 2018.

Michael Fallon

Sir Michael Cathel Fallon (born 14 May 1952) is a British Conservative politician and Member of Parliament for Sevenoaks.

From 2014 until 2017, he served as Secretary of State for Defence. He was also a member of the National Security Council. He was previously Vice Chairman of the Conservative Party.


Xavier Becerra

Xavier Becerra ( ; born January 26, 1958) is an American politician. Becerra is the 25th and current United States Secretary of Health and Human Services since 2021 during the Joe Biden administration. He was the Attorney General of California from 2017 until 2021.

He previously served in the United States House of Representatives for . He had represented Downtown Los Angeles in Congress from 1993 to 2017. Becerra, a member of the Democratic Party, was Chairman of the House Democratic Caucus. 

He was chosen to become Attorney General of California after Kamala Harris was elected to the United States Senate. He is the first Latino to serve as Attorney General of California.

On December 6, 2020 then President-elect Joe Biden nominated Becerra to be the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services. His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 18, 2021 with a narrow 50-49 vote.


James G. Stavridis

James George Stavridis (born February 15, 1955) is a retired United States Navy admiral and the current dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. He is also chairman of the board of the U.S. Naval Institute.

Tim Ryan (politician)

Timothy John "Tim" Ryan (born July 16, 1973) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for , from 2003 to 2023. The district, numbered as the from 2003 to 2013, takes in a large swath of northeast Ohio, from Youngstown to Akron. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He previously served in the Ohio Senate.

Ryan was seen as a possible presidential candidate in 2020 following the 2018 midterms. On April 4, 2019, Ryan announced his candidacy for president. On October 24, 2019 Ryan dropped out of the election citing low polling numbers and lack of qualifications for the debates.

In February 2021, Ryan said that he was planning to run for United States Senator in Ohio in the 2022 Senate race, replacing retiring Republican Senator Rob Portman. He official announced his candidacy in late April 2021. In May 2022, Ryan won the Democratic nomination for the Senate. He lost the election in November to J. D. Vance.


Hallard White

Hallard Leo "Snow" White (27 March 1929 – 14 July 2016) was a New Zealand rugby union player. White played a record 195 games for Rut Auckland between 1950 and 1963. He was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, from 1953 to 1955, appearing in 16 matches including four internationals. 

Following his retirement as a player, White served in both coaching and administrative roles: as assistant coach of Auckland; president of the Auckland Rugby Football Union from 1989 to 1989; and president of the New Zealand Rugby Union in 1990.

White died on 14 July 2016 from Alzheimer's disease, aged 87.

The Adventures of Milo and Otis

At minute 46:25 of Milo and Otis footage, seagulls eat a kitten, showing a live terrified, running kitten eaten into flying blood flesh into the air of a cliff, which clearly evidences that the Japanese filmmaker in Japan and those related in the Japanese film industry refused to stop the attacking on the kitten running for its life. Everyone can see for oneself through free live streaming. There is no cover up or dead end in seeing it with one's own eyes. The bureaucracy and red tape claims bring into question excuse-making.

Orpund

Orpund is a municipality in the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Orvin

Orvin is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Ostermundigen

Ostermundigen (Bernese German: "Oschtermundige" or "Mundige") is a municipality of the Swiss canton of Bern. It is the capital of the Bern-Mittelland administrative district.

The municipality was made in 1983 when it and Ittigen were splitting from the municipality of Bolligen.

It is famous as the birthplace of actress, Ursula Andress.


Ashoka Chakra (military decoration)

The Ashoka Chakra Award is India's highest peacetime military decoration or award for courageous action or self-sacrificing away from the battlefield. This is awarded for the most notable bravery. Ashoka Chakra was awarded either to military-men as well as civilians.

Lieutenant Suhas Biswas was the first person to be awarded with Ashoka Chakra award in 1952.The awarded persons were paid Rs.1400 monthly.Ashoka Chakra was established on 4 January 1952.

The Missing Link (movie)

The Missing Link () is a 1980 French–Belgian adult animated movie. It was written and directed by Picha. Though it was not as successful as Picha's previous movie, it was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.

Picha was encouraged to address another subject, that of Darwin and his theory of evolution. Production lasted from 1965 to 1979. In 1974, Picha left for "". In 1977, 2 years after Tarzoon's release, Picha returned to the project and selected Columbia Pictures as the movie's distributor. In 1980, the movie was completed and released.

Dadasaheb Phalke Award

The Dadasaheb Phalke Award is the highest award of Indian cinema. It is given by the Government Of India. The award honours Dadasaheb Phalke's contribution to Indian cinema. Phalke is known as "The Father of Indian Cinema". The award is presented annually at the National Film Awards ceremony by the Directorate of Film Festivals. 

The recipient is honoured for his outstanding contribution to the growth of the Indian cinematic field. As of 2014, the award consists of a Swarna Kamal (Golden Lotus) medal, a shawl, and a cash price of Rs.10,00,000 (US$15000).

The award was instituted in the year 1962. The first recipient of the award was Devika Rani, who was honoured at the 17th National Film Awards ceremony. Actor Prithviraj Kapoor was the first recipient to be awarded posthumously. His son, actor Raj Kapoor, received the award in his father's place at the 19th National Film Awards ceremony. The great actor of Tamil cinema, world famous Sivaji Ganesan was awarded with Dadasaheb Phalke Award in the year 1992 on the 44th National Film Awards ceremony. Raj Kapoor received the award in 1987 and Shashi Kapoor, his brother, received the award in 2014.

Arrondissements of the Charente department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Charente department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 3 arrondissements of Charente are:


Since its creation, the Charente department has had some changes:


Perrefitte

Perrefitte is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Coglio

Coglio is a village and former municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Aurigeno, Coglio, Giumaglio, Lodano, Moghegno and Someo merged into the municipality of Maggia.

Exo discography

This is the discography of the South Korean boy band Exo. There are three studio albums, a live album, four extended plays, eleven singles, twenty-six music videos, eight guest appearances and eight soundtracks.

Overdose (EP)

Overdose is the second extended play of the South Korean boy band Exo. It was released on May 7, 2014 by the label S.M. Entertainment and distributed by KT Music.

The EP was intended to be released on April 21, 2014 , but its release was postponed due to the sinking of Sewol on April 16. The album was later released on May 7, 2014. On May 15, 2014, the leader of EXO-M, Kris, filed a lawsuit against S.M. Entertainment to cancel his contract for the company's violation of human rights and unattended health.

The Korean edition was positioned in number 2 on Billboard's World Albums Chart and 129 in "Billboard 200" , that made ​​EXO Korean male group with the highest Billboard 200 charts.

Before the release of "Overdose" Exo made ​​their promotions with a showcase at the Jamsil Arena in Seoul on 15 April. 1 to April 9 did a sponsored by Samsung contest allowed fans to enter and win tickets to attend the showcase. The group members promoted in South Korea and China separated in the respective sub-groups.

Korean and Chinese versions

2016 Nice attack

The 2016 Nice attack happened on 14 July 2016 in Nice, France. A man drove a truck into people celebrating Bastille Day, the national day of France. He killed 86 people during the incident. Gunfire was reported; at first, people thought it was fireworks.
At around 22:45 local time, a truck was driven into a large crowd of people at Promenade des Anglais. Later, guns were fired. The driver, Tunisian truck driver Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel, was killed by police. 

Miracles in December

Miracles in December is the second extended play of the South Korean boy band Exo. It was released by the label S.M. Entertainment on December 9, 2013. Was presented as a special winter album, "Miracles in December" is the follow-up to the first studio album of the group titled "XOXO" which was released in June 2013. As all music group, the EP has versions in Korean and Chinese. The EP is also the second release and first EP group to be widely promoted as a combined group. Its main singles were "Miracles in December" and "Christmas Day."

In early November 2013, the agency of EXO, S.M. Entertainment, announced that the group would hold a joint concert entitled " Christmas Wonderland" with f(x) from 24 to 25 December. On December 3 a music video of 2–3 minutes in Chinese and Korean were released. On December 4, music videos of "Miracles in December" was released in YouTube.

They were published in two different languages, Korean and Mandarin. A pop ballad with classical piano accompaniment, the single "Miracles in December" was written by Andreas Johansson Stone and Rick Hanley. However, the song was performed only four members of EXO: Baekhyun, D.O. and Chen recorded the Korean version, while at the same time Baekhyun, Chen and Luhan they recorded the Chinese version. Special performances of the four members (Baekhyun, D.O., Chen and Luhan) and Lay on the piano, performed often the song on music programs live for television as "Inkigayo" and "Music Bank".

The music videos of "Miracles in December" (in Korean and Mandarin) was directed by Jo So-hyun and was filmed in Paju, Gyeonggi in a study in Ilsan near Seoul.

On December 5, Exo held their performances debut album "Miracles in December" in the program of Mnet "M! Countdown".

The EP "Miracles in December" was released on December 9, 2013. The group organized the Korean version of "Christmas Day" in "M! Countdown " on 19 December. Outstanding performances in the twelve members of EXO presented with accompanying choreography produced by Tony Testa and Greg Hwang. The EP ended in numbers 1 and 2, weekly y monthly in Gaon Albums Chart of two versions. The Single "Miracles in December" (in Korean version) reached the numer 2 in Weekly Digital Singles Chart of Gaon and number 3 in Billboard's Korea K-Pop Hot 100. The Mandarin version of the song was number 47 on Gaon Chart, but he finished in Gaon International Singles Chart. He also went to number 7 in Baidu Charts of China. The Korean edition of "Christmas Day" reached number 5 and 38 in the weekly lists Gaon and Korea K -Pop Hot 100, respectively and editing in Mandarin reached number 10 in Baidu lists.

Korean and Chinese versions

Combined version

Wilfredo Gómez

Wilfredo Gómez Rivera (; born October 29, 1956) is a Puerto Rican former professional boxer. He is sometimes referred to as Bazooka Gómez. Gomez was a three-time world champion. He is often said to be one of the best Puerto Rican boxers of all time. This has been said by many sports journalists and analysts. They often include him with Félix Trinidad, Miguel Cotto, Wilfred Benítez, Esteban De Jesús, Edwin Rosario, and Carlos Ortíz.

Gomez defended his title with seventeen knockouts in a row. That is a record for all boxing divisions. He was ranked number 13 on "The Ring" magazine's list of the "100 greatest punchers of all time". In 1995, Gómez became a part of the International Boxing Hall of Fame.

Zuzana Stevulova

Zuzana Števulová (born 1983) is a Slovakia lawyer and lecturer. She helps migrants. She was given an International Women of Courage Award.

Števulová was born in Slovakia in 1983. She is lecturer at the University of Trnava.

She had campaigned for migrants arriving in Europe, She was the first Slovak to be given an International Women of Courage Award in Washington DC. She has supported the rights of the migrants in her country.


Péry

Péry was a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Péry and La Heutte merged into the new municipality of Péry-La Heutte.


Péry-La Heutte

Péry-La Heutte is a new municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of La Heutte and Péry merged into the new municipality of Péry-La Heutte.


Pieterlen

Pieterlen is a municipality of the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Hohenrain

Hohenrain is a municipality of the district Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. Since January 1, 2007, Lieli became part of the municipality.


Plagne, Switzerland

Plagne was a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Plagne and Vauffelin merged into the new municipality of Sauge.

Pohlern

Pohlern is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Pontenet

Pontenet was a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Pontenet, Bévilard and Malleray merged into the new municipality of Valbirse.

Valbirse

Valbirse is a new municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Bévilard, Malleray and Pontenet merged into the new municipality of Valbirse.


Port, Switzerland

Port is a municipality of the administrative district Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Sivaji Ganesan

Sivaji Ganesan was an actor of Tamil Cinema. He is also known as "Nadigar Thilagam", which means 'the pride of actors' (). He was one of the most respected movie actors in India. He was well known for his acting skills and versatility. He became an actor after performing as a stage actor in his childhood.

Sivaji' s real name is Villupuram Chinnaiahpillai Ganesan. He was born in marthandam, Thanjavur district (now in Nagapattinam district), Madras Presidency (now Tamil Nadu) on 1 October 1928. He became an actor after performing as a stage actor in his childhood. He married Kamala and has two sons and two daughters named Ramkumar Ganesan, Prabhu Ganesan, Thenmozhi Ganesan and Shanti Ganesan.

Sivaji Ganesan acted in 283 movies in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Malayalam and Hindi. His career was started in the year 1952 and existed till 1999 for 47 years. His first movie was "Parasakthi". This movie tells about the misfortunes of the members of a Tamil family during World War II, how they met their individual fate and reunite again. This movie was a great success running for 175 days. 

"Andha Naal", a movie in 1954 by Sivaji set a new trend with no songs. The same year he acted along with Revolutionary leader M.G.Ramachandran in the movie "Koondukkili". His role in the movie "Veerapandiya Kattabomman" won him "Best actor" award at Afro-Asian Film Festival held at Cairo in March 1960. He was the first Indian to get the award abroad. 

Sivaji acted in nine roles by himself in the movie of "Navarathri". He acted as many epic characters such as Bhagat Singh, Veerapandiya Kattabomman, Karna, Lord Shiva etc. His first blockbuster came from the movie of "Vasantha Maaligai" in the year 1972. Following this movies like "Gauravam", "Raja Raja Cholan", "Karna", "Pasamalar", "Kappalottiya Tamilan", "Bale Pandiya", "Thri Soolam" etc became ultimate blockbuster movies.His last works are Padaiyappa and Pooparikka Varigirom released in the year 1999.

Sivaji Ganesan had respiratory problems and heart ailments. He was admitted in Apollo Hospital in Chennai on 21 June 2001. He died at 7:45 pm that day at the age of 72. His eldest son Ramkumar Ganesan performed his last rituals of his funeral at the Besant Nagar Crematorium, Chennai.


Prêles

Prêles was a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Prêles, Diesse and Lamboing merged into the new municipality of Plateau de Diesse.

Plateau de Diesse

Plateau de Diesse is a new municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Diesse, Lamboing and Prêles merged into the new municipality of Plateau de Diesse.


Pokémon Go

Pokémon Go (or Pokémon GO) is a free-to-play Android and iOS game. It was developed by Niantic. It is licensed by The Pokémon Company. It was released in July 2016 in the US, Europe, and Australia. The game lets players catch and train fictional living beings, called Pocket Monsters (in Japan) or Pokémon (everywhere else). The game makes them exist in real life by using GPS and a smartphone's camera.

As players walk in the real world, their character in the game moves as well. Players can find Pokemon by using the game map to walk to places where the grass is moving. They can then throw a Pokeball at the Pokemon to see if they can catch it. Players can also walk to special places in the game called "PokeStops" or "Gyms". At PokeStops, players can find extra PokeBalls and candy to feed their Pokemon. At Gyms, players can get their pokemon to fight another pokemon to try to win that gym for their team.

An earlier game by Niantic called "Ingress" was used to make the special places in the game. Pokemon GO got its start in an April Fool's joke by Google and The Pokemon Company in 2013, called "Pokemon Challenge".

An item called Pokemon GO Plus is being sold to let people play the game without looking at their smartphones all the time. Pokemon GO looks like a Gameplay of Pokémon mixed with the Google Maps pin shape.

"Pokémon Go" has a current score of 69 critic score and a user score of 5.5 on Metacritic.

The game became more popular after they released the Generation 2 Pokémon, featuring more items and Pokemon. In that update, berries (a type of fruit that makes the Pokémon flee, higher chance on catching, etc.) were added, and evolution items were added in (things that are used to evolve Pokemon to become one certain), such as the Metal Coat and Kings Rock.


Sing for You

Sing for You is the second winter special album and fourth EP of the South Korean boy band Exo. The album was released by the label S.M. Entertainment in two versions, Korean and Mandarin on 10 December 2015. "Sing for You" currently has the largest first week sales recorded by the web site monitoring, Hanteo.

On November 24, 2015, Exo confirmed the upcoming release of the second special winter album after "Miracles in December" (2013). Teaser images for the album began released on December 2. The list of songs from the album, including four new songs and a bonus track "Lightsaber " previously released in November, was announced on December 7. Music videos and the teaser of the song from the album "Sing for You" were released on 8 and 9 December respectively.

On December 10, 2015, shortly after the release of "Sing for You", Exo held a showcase with an audience of 1,500 people, to promote the album in the Lotte World in Seoul, South Korea. The showcase was broadcast using the mobile application 'V' of Naver, then the record as the most-watched live throughout the application. Exo began promoting the song "Sing for You" and "Unfair" in music programs of Korea on 12 and 18 December respectively.

"Sing for You" he broke the record of "EXODUS". The second studio album of Exo, previously served as the album with the highest sales in the first week registered by the website monitoring album sales Hanteo Korea with more than 267,900 copies.


Time in North Korea

Time in North Korea is given Korea Standard Time (KST) which is 8.5 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). If it is 16:00 UTC, it is 01:00 the next day in North Korea. It has never observed summer time.

North Korea was originally 8:30 hours ahead of UTC () from 2015 to 2018, 30 minutes behind neighboring South Korea and Japan, as announced in August 2015, but reverted to UTC+09:00 now on the same time as Seoul and Tokyo beginning at 23:30 on 4 May 2018. 

Radelfingen

Radelfingen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Duchy of Nassau

Nassau was a duchy which was created after the Holy Roman Empire ended in 1806. It was absorbed by different other states before becoming part of Germany in 1866.

Nassau (as a duchy) existed above the Rhine It was near the end where the river came near the French border.

Nassau was also south of the Prussian Empire, Not near the coast of the Rhine. It was named after it's centre Nassau, but it was not its capital. When it helped in Waterloo it ended up in Belgium near Planciontot before being absorbed into Prussia.

They engaged the French on many occasions, clearly capable of standing up to the French however they were ultimately deafened after an engagement at the town of Smohain and the farm of Frichermont, they became part of the Confederation of the Rhine, Ending their independence, they were annexed by Prussia and became an independent state. Later, Nassau helped in the Battle of Waterloo before being absorbed into the Prussian Empire, and later, the empire of Germany.

Exo's Showtime

Exo's Showtime () is a reality TV show South Korean starring members of the boy band EXO, was issued by the pay channel MBC Every 1 from 28 November 2013 until 13 February 2014.




Arrondissement of Angoulême

The arrondissement of Angoulême is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Angoulême.

When the Charente department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Angoulême was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Angoulême is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has 197,377 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Angoulême is in southeastern Charente and is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Confolens, to the east and south by the Dordogne department, and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Cognac.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Angoulême, there are four cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Boixe-et-Manslois, Charente-Sud, Tude-et-Lavalette and Val de Nouère. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Angoulême has 117 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Rise (Katy Perry song)

Rise" is a song co-written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Katy Perry. The song was released on July 14, 2016. It was used in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. She released the song because "[she] was inspired to finish it now, rather than save it for [her] next album, because now more than ever, there is a need for our world to unite."

"Rise" has topped the iTunes charts of over 25 countries worldwide, including the U.S., UK, Canada, and Australia. The song entered the Australian ARIA Singles Chart at number 1 and reached number 3 in Scotland. The song reached the top 20 in the US and Canada. On October 17, 2017, the song was certified platinum in the US.

One music video for the song features Olympic athletes practicing for the Games. However, an official video was released and shows Perry climbing through different terrains with a red parachute.

Critics have said that the song was powerful and uplifting but received mixed reviews. Daniel Kreps from "Rolling Stone" called producer Max Martin an "extraordinaire," while Brandon Caldwell from the "Houston Press" said that the song "just doesn’t fit the template of inspirational, fiery and get America ready to beat the rest of the world in sporting competitions. It just doesn’t fit the Olympics. Now, in terms of beating world issues? 'Rise' may have something there."

Songwriting credits from iTunes metadata.

Arrondissement of Cognac

The arrondissement of Cognac is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Cognac.

When the Charente department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Cognac was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Cognac is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has 92,224 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Cognac is in western Charente and is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Confolens, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Angoulême and to the south and west by the Charente-Maritime department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Cognac, there are three cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Charente-Sud, Tude-et-Lavalette and Val de Nouère. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Cognac has 116 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Time in China

China has one time zone.
It is officially called China Standard Time (CST).
It is 8 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time ().
There is no daylight saving time.

The capital of China is Beijing.
It is at about 116° east.
The visual sun time for Beijing is UTC+7:45:32.
The time zone UTC+08:00 matches the visual sun time for 120° east.
The complete hour UTC+08:00 is a compromise to be compatible to other time zones on earth.

Because Beijing is the capital, and the UTC+08:00 time zone is about right for the capital’s location, people usually call China Standard Time, , in English Beijing Standard Time (BJT).

Xinjiang (East Turkestan) unofficially uses .
Many locations north and south of Xinjiang use this time zone.
However, the main population, the Uyghur people, also use the time zone as a political statement, to express disagreement with the central government in Beijing.

The UTC+08:00 time zone is also used in Taiwan.
However, because of political reasons it is usually called "Taipei Time" or "Taiwan Time".
Similarly, in Hong Kong the time zone is called "Hong Kong Time".


Some people say that (except for 112 – 128° E) the usage of was harmful.
China should have five time zones.
The country’s west, especially in Xinjiang, see sunrise as late as 10 a.m. CST, making children go to school in the dark, and sunsets in the summer as late as midnight.

Arrondissement of Confolens

The arrondissement of Confolens is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Confolens.

When the Charente department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Confolens was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Confolens is the largest "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has 64,252 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Confolens is in northern Charente and is bordered to the northwest by the Deux-Sèvres department, to the north by the Vienne department, to the east and southeast by the Haute-Vienne department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Angoulême, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Cognac, to the west by the Charente-Maritime department.

It has a small border with the Dordogne department to the southeast.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Confolens, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Boixe-et-Manslois and Val de Tardoire. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Confolens has 150 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


List of districts of Jammu and Kashmir

Jammu and Kashmir consists of two divisions: Jammu and Kashmir Valley. Earlier a state, now Union territory of India.

2016 Turkish coup d'état attempt

A coup d'état attempt took place in Turkey on 15 July 2016, when a group of people tried to take over the government because they disagreed with the way the president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, was running the country. It is believed that most of these people were from the Turkish Army. Over 100 people were killed and over 1,000 injured. Thousands of soldiers were arrested because they joined the rebellion or for other reasons. Hundreds fled to Greece or other foreign countries. Thousands of teachers, judges and other government employees were fired in the 2016 Turkish purges.

Rapperswil, Bern

Rapperswil is a municipality in the Seeland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is north of the capital Bern. On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Ruppoldsried merged into Rapperswil. On 1 January 2016, the former municipality of Bangerten merged into Rapperswil.


Army of Mississippi

The Army of Mississippi (also called the Confederate Army of the Mississippi) was a Confederate army during the American Civil War. It should not be confused with the Union Army of the Mississippi. It was formed on March 29, 1862. The commander was Full General Albert Sidney Johnston with Full General P. G. T. Beauregard as second-in-command. After Johnston's death at the Battle of Shiloh, Beauregard took over. After that there were a series of commanders. In November 1862, the Army of Mississippi was renamed the Army of Tennessee. The second army called the Army of Mississippi was created in December 1862, under Lieutenant general John C. Pemberton. This army had a confusing number of additional names. The II corps, under Major general Sterling Price was called the "Army of West Tennessee". It was also called the Army of the West. When both corps (I corps and II corps) were changed into divisions in January 1863, they dropped the name Army of Mississippi. Leonidas Polk had commanded I corps. In May 1864, Polk's troops joined with Joseph E. Johnston's Army of Tennessee to form the third Army of Mississippi. Polk was killed in June 1862 after which the army was simply called Alexander P. Stewart's corps.

Holding company

A Holding company is a company, which has the purpose of owning stock (or shares) of other companies. In most cases, such companies do not sell products or services, they manage the companies they (partly) own. Probably one of the best known holding companies was the "Standard Oil of New Jersey", founded in 1889, which is called ExxonMobil today.
In general, there are three forms:

Confolens

Confolens () is a commune in southwestern France. Confolens is the administrative centre of a largely rural area, which has had an important growth of tourism in recent years.

It is one of the two subprefectures of the Charente department and the capital of the canton of Charente-Vienne.

On 1 January 2016, the former "commune" Saint-Germain-de-Confolens was merged with the "commune" of Confolens.

Confolens is at the confluence of the Vienne and Goire rivers. The name of this place comes from the Latin word "confluens" that means "confluence".

The city is at from Angoulême, from Limoges and from Poitiers, the three largest cities that are closest to Confolens.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "communes" that are around Confolens are Brillac, Esse, Saint-Maurice-des-Lions, Ansac-sur-Vienne, Hiesse and Lessac.

The climate of Confolens, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

With a population of 2,721, Confolens has a population density of inhabitants/km.

The inhabitants of Confolens are known, in French, as "Confolentais" (women: "Confolentaises").

Confolens is a subprefecture of the Charente department since 1800. It is also the capital of the canton of Charente-Vienne.


Confolens is a twin town of:



Bluebird

The bluebirds are a group of medium-sized, mostly insectivorous or omnivorous Passerine birds. They are in the genus "Sialia" of the thrush family (Turdidae). 

Bluebirds are one of the few thrush genera in the Americas. They have blue, or blue and rose beige, plumage. Female birds are less brightly colored than males, although color patterns are similar and there is no noticeable difference in size between the two sexes.

Bluebirds are territorial and prefer open grassland with scattered trees. Predators of young bluebirds in the nests may include snakes, cats, and raccoons. Bird species competing with bluebirds for nesting locations include the common starling, American crow, and house sparrows. House sparrows take over the nesting sites of bluebirds, killing young, smashing eggs, and probably killing adult bluebirds.

Bluebirds species include:


Lemon Tree (Fool's Garden song)

"Lemon Tree" is a 1995 song by indie rock band Fools Garden. It became a major hit in Europe and Asia. The song is about a person's depressions and his miserable mind.

Corps

A corps is a military unit usually made up of two or more divisions. In the United States Army, a corps is the largest tactical unit that can plan and carry out its own missions. The term can also be applied to a military unit with a specific function such as a Quartermaster Corps or an Intelligence Corps. It can be applied to a branch of a military such as the United States Marine Corps. It can also mean a body of officers such as a Cadet Corps. The word has other uses. A group of people engaged in the same work can be called a corps. An example is the Peace Corps. The word comes from the Old French "cors" meaning "body, person, corpse, life". That word, in turn, is based on the Latin word "corpus" meaning "body".

Carnivorous fungus

Carnivourous fungi are fungi that get some of their nutrients from trapping animals. These animals are microscopic, or very small. Over two hundred species are known.

Two basic trapping mechanisms have been observed in carnivorous fungi that are predatory on nematodes:



Army of the Mississippi

Army of the Mississippi was the name given to two Union armies during the American Civil War. Both operated around the Mississippi River and both were active for only a short time.

The first army was created on February 23, 1862. It was commanded by Major general John Pope. Pope's orders were to clear Confederate troops along the Mississippi River so the Union army could move through the area. On February 28, 1862, General Pope began to move against New Madrid, Missouri. The Army then fought at the Battle of Island Number Ten. The army next fought at the Siege of Corinth. After the capture of Corinth Pope was sent east to command the Army of Virginia. Major general William S. Rosecrans assumed command of the Army of the Mississippi. The army fought at the Battle of Iuka followed by the Second Battle of Corinth. His commanding officer, Ulysses S. Grant, was unhappy with his failure to go after the retreating Confederates after the Battle of Corinth. In October, 1862, Rosecrans was transferred to command the Army of the Ohio and the Army of the Mississippi was disbanded.

In 1863 Major general John Alexander McClernand was put in command of the expedition against the Confederates down the Mississippi. He was given command of two corps from the Army of the Tennessee. McClernand named his force the "Army of the Mississippi". McClernand was successful in capturing Arkansas Post but he acted without orders. On January 30, 1863, Grant personally took command of the army. The old XIII Corps and XV Corps were returned to the Army of the Tennessee on January 12, 1863.

Battle of Chancellorsville

The Battle of Chancellorsville (April 30 to May 6, 1863) was a major battle in the American Civil War. It is generally considered to be Confederate General Robert E. Lee’s greatest victory over the Union Army. But the Confederate victory was lessened by the loss of Lieutenant general Stonewall Jackson. Jackson was shot and mortally wounded by his own men who mistook the general and his staff for Union cavalry. For this reason Lee's win at Chancellorsville was considered a pyrrhic victory.

After the Battle of Fredericksburg the Union army was in a state of confusion. The Army of the Potomac was commanded by Major general Ambrose Burnside. But his generals were in near open revolt against Burnside feeling he was unfit to command. Burnside even seemed to agree with them. He had refused command of the Army of the Potomac twice saying he was not up to the job. Finally, President Abraham Lincoln agreed and replaced Burnside with General Joseph Hooker. Hooker managed to restore the health and morale of his army within a few weeks. He proudly called them "the finest army on the planet."

Hooker devised a plan for a spring campaign that would cause Lee's Army of Northern Virginia to fall back from Fredericksburg, Virginia. He hoped it would also destroy Lee's army. His plan was to send his 10,000-man cavalry on a raid against Richmond, Virginia to cut Lee's lines of communication with the Confederate capital. He would send most of his infantry to cross the Rappahannock and Rapidan Rivers 40 miles north of the Confederates. The rest of his army would cross the river at Fredericksburg to attack Lee from the front. It was devised as a pincer movement that if successful would surround the enemy.

Hooker's army crossed the Rappahannock on April 30, 1863. This placed his army on Lee's flank. Hooker's Federal army numbered 97,382 men. This was twice the size of Lee's army at 57,352 men. But rather than retreat, Lee split his forces. He decided to attack Hooker while his army was still in the thick wilderness. Lee sent Jackson with 30,000 Confederate soldiers to attack the Union right flank. He assigned 
Major general Jubal A. Early with 10,000 soldiers to defend Fredericksburg. By the afternoon of April 30, 50,000 Union troops with 108 artillery pieces found themselves at an important road junction. There was a tavern at the crossroad named Chancellorsville. Rather than keep going and get clear of the wilderness, Hooker decided to stop and wait for more Union troops to arrive. There had been no Confederate opposition at this point. Even so, Hooker's officers wanted to keep going.

On May 1, Stonewall Jackson found two divisions of Confederates at Zoan Church, fortifying a ridge. He ordered them to drop their shovels and pick up their rifles and move toward the Union soldiers to attack. The Union army had just decided to move forward again and had not expected any Confederate resistance. Hooker ordered his soldiers back and had them form defensive positions in the wilderness. On the morning of May 2, Jackson moved his corps against the Union left flank. There was fighting on and off all day. At 5:20 p.m., Jackson attacked the Union's XI Corps. The Federals counterattacked until darkness ended the fighting. That night, Jackson was making a night reconnaissance with one of his staff officers when he was mistakenly shot by his own soldiers. He died 8 days later from pneumonia after losing his left arm. General J.E.B. Stuart took over temporary command of Jackson's Corps.

On May 3, The Confederates resumed their attacks forcing Hooker's army to defend the river fords. This was the heaviest day of the fighting. Both wings of the Confederates attacked while their artillery concentrated on the Union line at Hazel Grove. The larger Union army held nearly all of the most strategic spots on the battlefield. Of these the key to the battle was Hazel Grove, a high open plateau that overlooked all the Union positions. Stuart realized this and early in the morning Confederates attacked up the slopes of Hazel Grove and captured about 100 men and four artillery pieces. For unknown reasons Hooker had ordered the artillery back from Hazel Grove. At the time of the attack, most of the artillery had already been removed. This was a costly mistake since the Confederate artillery could now fire down on the union positions with great ease. This finally forced the Union line back to a defensive position with his back to the river. Meanwhile, the other Union forces were advancing on Lee from the east. Lee split his army again and met and defeated the Federals near Salem Church (Fredericksburg). This was by far the bloodiest day of fighting. The fighting at Salem Church resulted in more casualties than the entire First Battle of Bull Run.

On May 6, Hooker recrossed the Rappahannock. He lost a total of 17,278 casualties while Lee lost 12,826. It was a tremendous win for Lee. But Lee could not replace Jackson. Hooker was the second general of the Army of the Potomac to be replaced after a single battle. Hooker argued that the cavalry raid failed to cut Lee's supply lines. He complained that the XI Corps, composed mostly of German-Americans and other recent immigrants, ran instead of staying to fight. Oliver O. Howard's XI corps were labeled the "flying Dutchmen" over this incident. But they redeemed themselves at the Battle of Missionary Ridge. Howard would later be promoted over Hooker. But despite laying the blame elsewhere Hooker was replaced by General George G. Meade. In a few weeks, Lee would move north to engage the Union forces again at the Battle of Gettysburg.


Hugo Niebeling

Hugo Niebeling (2 February 1931 – 9 July 2016) was a German movie director and producer.

He was known for his work on industrial and music movies. He is thought to be one of the most important figures of these genres in Germany. His work has been said helped create the modern music video. His feature-movie documentary "Alvorada" was nominated for an Academy Award in 1963.

Erny Brenner

Erny Brenner (13 September 1931 – 9 July 2016) was a Luxembourgian association football player. He was a member of the Luxembourg national football team from 1955 to 1965. He was born in Dudelange, Luxembourg.

Brenner died on 9 July 2016 in Esch-sur-Alzette, Luxembourg, aged 84.

Robert Burren Morgan

Robert Burren Morgan (October 5, 1925 – July 16, 2016) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the United States Senator from the state of North Carolina. He served as senator for a single term from 1975 until 1981.

Morgan died of heart failure on July 16, 2016 at his home in Buies Creek, North Carolina, aged 90.


Kazimieras Uoka

Kazimieras Uoka (4 March 1951 – 16 July 2016) was a Lithuanian politician. He signed the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.

He was born in Kaunas. Uoka graduated from Vilnius University in 1976. He was a leader of the labor movement in the early years of the independence movement.

Uoka died on 16 July 2016 in Vilnius, aged 65.

Torpor

Torpor is a physiological state of the body. It occurs in some small warm-blooded animals when food is scarce.

Some animals have periods of torpor every day, including hummingbirds.
So do some small mammals, for example, rodent species (such as mice), and bats. Many small marsupials also have daily periods of torpor.

Torpor is a well controlled thermoregulatory process. It is not the result of switching off thermoregulation.


Moju Chowdhury Hat

Moju Chowdhury Hat or Rahmat Khali is a town and tourism in Lakshmipur Sadar Upazila of Lakshmipur District, in south-eastern Bangladesh. It is commonly known as Moju Chowdhury Hat but it used to be called Rahmat Khali. It was renamed "Moju Chowdhury" in 1965. It is spelled as M.C.H. for short (). This town is 12 km² south of Lakshmipur City. It is across the Meghna River from Bhola 38 km² to the southwest. Moju Chowdhury Hat is 76 km² east of Barisal. Moju Chowdhury Hat is itself municipality and a tourist destination. It is also a ransport hub for passengers from the Bhola Barisal Division and Chittagong Division, serving about four thousand people per day.

Moju Chowdhury is named after a person. Moju Chowdhury came to Rahmat Khali when it was still part of the Mughal Empire. Moju Chowdhury was the second of Pana Mia Hazi's four sons. He went to Lakshmipur Government Collage, where he studied landscapes.

Moju Chowdhury Hat is located at It has 145.56 households and a total area of 56.05 km².



The Da Vinci Code (movie)

The Da Vinci Code is a religious 2006 American drama movie. Ron Howard directed the movie.

Robert Langdon is a professor of religious iconography and symbology from Harvard University. While in Paris, he is the prime suspect in the unusual murder of a Louvre curator. Langdon realized the curator was part of a secret society. Members of the society included Leonardo da Vinci, Victor Hugo, Botticelli, and others

"The Da Vinci Code" (like the book) was controversial. It received very harsh criticism from the Roman Catholic Church. They didn't like the idea that they were behind a 2,000-year-old cover-up about what the Holy Grail really was. The movie also said that Jesus and Mary Magdalene were married and had a daughter.

The movie was banned in Egypt because of controversial elements. It was also banned in Lebanon and Jordan

The movie got mixed to negative reviews from the critics. Rotten Tomatoes rated the movie 25%, meaning "Rotten". It also got poor reviews at the Cannes Film Festival Movie critic Leonard Maltin called the movie "a letdown in every respect."

However, reviews were not all bad. Roger Ebert gave the movie three out of four stars. Roger Ebert and Richard Roeper both liked the movie.

Despite mixed to negative reviews, the movie took in more than $758 million in the box office.


Fatshe leno la rona

"Blessed Be This Noble Land" is called "Fatshe leno la rona" () in the Tswana language. It is the national anthem of Botswana. Kgalemang Tumediso Motsete wrote the lyrics (words) and composed the music of this song in 1962. Four years later when the country got its independence from the United Kingdom, this anthem was adopted.

God Bless America

"God Bless America" is an American patriotic song. It was written by Irving Berlin in 1918. The song was revised in 1938. The latter was recorded by Kate Smith; it became her signature song. 

In 1938, with the rise of Adolf Hitler, Berlin felt it was time to revive the song. On Armistice Day, 1938, Kate Smith performed the song on the radio.

The song is played at Major League Baseball games. 

Céline Dion and LeAnn Rimes did cover versions of the song.

Cochineal

The cochineal ("Dactylopius" "coccus") is a scale insect in the suborder Sternorrhyncha, from which the natural dye carmine is made. 

The insect lives in tropical and subtropical South America, Mexico and Arizona. Its larvae eat cacti in the genus "Opuntia", feeding on plant moisture and nutrients. These insects are found on the pads of prickly pear cacti, then are brushed off and dried.

The insect produces carminic acid, which deters predation by other insects. Carminic acid is extracted from the body and eggs, then mixed with aluminium or calcium salts to make carmine dye, also known as cochineal. Today, carmine is primarily used as a colorant in food and in lipstick.

Battle of Fredericksburg

The Battle of Fredericksburg (December 11, 1862 – December 15, 1862) was a major battle in the American Civil War fought at Fredericksburg, Virginia. The battle saw almost 200,000 men engaged—more than any other Civil War battle. It involved the first major opposed river crossing in the history of the United States. 

After the Maryland Campaign and the bloody Battle of Antietam, the Army of Northern Virginia under General Robert E. Lee retreated south into Virginia. Lee's rearguard action at the Battle of Shepherdstown convinced Union General George B. McClellan not to follow him too closely. McClellan, after asking twice for more reinforcements, decided it was safer to stay put and defend Maryland. On October 6, President Abraham Lincoln instructed McClellan to go after the Confederates in Virginia. Although he had 100,000 men he complained he did not have enough troops and supplies to cross into Virginia. Finally, at the end of October, by which time Lee's army was rested and resupplied, McClellan slowly moved his army south. But he did not engage them. Lincoln waited until after the elections of 1862 before replacing McClellan. The President had already planned to replace McClellan for some time. Before the autumn of 1862 he had offered command of the Army of the Potomac to Ambrose Burnside twice. Burnside turned Lincoln down both times. Finally, on November 7, Lincoln replaced McClellan as Burnside reluctantly accepted the job.

Now in command, on November 14, Burnside sent a corps to the area of Falmouth across from Fredericksburg. This was in preparation for a move against Richmond, Virginia, the Confederate capital. Reports placed Lee's army scattered between Culpepper, Virginia and Winchester, Virginia blocking any Union advances south.

Burnside's plan, approved by Lincoln, was to move the army south to attack Richmond. He decided to move via Fredericksburg. That way he could depend on the Union Navy to keep him supplied instead of overland supply which could be attacked by Confederate cavalry. He would also sidestep the Confederate army and get between them and Richmond. His main base was the landing at Aquia Creek. His plan was to use pontoon bridges to cross the Rappahannock at Fredericksburg. But the pontoon bridges were two weeks late in arriving. So the Army of the Potomac sat across the river and waited. This delay gave Lee ample time to gather his forces to oppose Burnside, who had now lost the advantage of surprise. During the early morning hours on December 11, soldiers assembled the pontoon bridges so the army could cross. The confederates fired on them causing delays in completing the bridges. Burnside's 150 artillery pieces opened fire from Stafford Heights. The shells did extensive damage to the town but did not drive off the Confederates. Finally the bridges were completed late that evening. More than 120,000 Union troops poured across the bridges into Fredericksburg. Lee continued to give token resistance to allow General Stonewall Jackson's corps time to get in place and complete a Confederate line some three miles long.
Burnside had depended on an unopposed crossing of the river. Now, Lee had time to get his army in place. Winter weather would soon make the roads very difficult to use and end any campaigns until spring. Burnside needed to break through Lee's line.

On December 12, the morning was cold and foggy. Burnside sent more troops into the town but did nothing to organize an attack. Instead, his men wasted the day looting and vandalizing houses and shops.
Burnside waited until the morning of December 13 to issue his orders. He directed General William B. Franklin's division to attack Jackson's Corps. Then General Edwin Vose Sumner's division was to attack Marye's Heights. But Burnside's orders were unclear on several points. In his orders to Franklin, he ordered the attack with "a division at least". Without taking time to clarify, Franklin sent just one—General George G. Meade's division of 4.500 men. They were to attack Jackson's line about a mile away. Two small Confederate cannon were on the road perpendicular to Mead's advancing troops. Even though he had orders to disengage, Major John Pelham kept up the shelling for over an hour. Finally, when Pelham ran out of ammunition he withdrew the cannons. Meade continued his march on Jackson's position. When Meade's division came to within , Jackson's hidden 14 artillery pieces opened fire cutting down many of Meade's soldiers. Union artillery opened fire on the Confederate guns and an artillery duel started that lasted for an hour. Meade's troops found a gap in Jackson's line in the woods and exploited it. A South Carolina brigade at first mistook Meade's troops for retreating Confederates and did not fire on them. This allowed the Union troops to get deep within Jackson's line. When Jackson learned of this he ordered a counterattack and drove the Union troops back to their own lines.

Burnside waited at his headquarters to hear that Meade had successfully driven Jackson back. When no word of this came, he ordered the attack on Marye's Heights to go ahead anyway. Artillery on top of Marye's Heights and nearby hills would prevent any assault on the Heights. But Sumner ordered a series of attacks all afternoon with the Confederate artillery raining down shells on them. Finally, at dusk the attacks were called off. One after another, three divisions had tried to scale Marye's Heights and all had failed. Nearly 3,000 men were lost in just an hour but the attacks continued with no effect. As Lee watched the destruction of Sumner's divisions he remarked, "It is well that war is so terrible. We should grow too fond of it." Of the 12,600 Federal casualties almost two-thirds were lost assaulting Marye's Heights. In turn, the Confederates lost about 5,000 men during the battle.

Despite winning what seemed like a lopsided battle, Lee lost men and equipment he could not afford to lose. Burnside's losses, although great, were soon replaced. Lee suffered 5,300 casualties defending Fredericksburg. Union losses were more than double. Burnside lost about 12,600 Union soldiers; killed, wounded, or missing. The Battle of Fredericksburg was depressing news to the North. But it had no lasting impact on the war. It was a boost to Confederate morale however. The spring would see a new campaign against Richmond. In January 1863, Burnside was replaced as commander of the Army of the Potomac by General Joseph Hooker. But Like Burnside, Hooker would be replaced after a single disastrous battle—the Battle of Chancellorsville. But following the Battle of Fredericksburg, the Army of the Potomac engaged in what came to be called the Mud March, an aborted attempt at a winter campaign. 


Charente (river)

The Charente (Saintongeais: "Chérente", ) is a river in southwestern France that flows through the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Two departments, Charente and Charente-Maritime, are named after the river.

It rises in the Massif Central and flows into the Atlantic Ocean (Bay of Biscay) near Rochefort.

The Charente river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Charente river starts in western Massif Central, in the "commune" of Chéronnac, Haute-Vienne department, at an elevation of about . It flows to the northwest for about and then flows through the north of the Charente department.

The river keeps flowing to the northwest and gets into the Vienne department. After the "commune" of Civray, the river turns to the southwest and gets back into the Charente department. After Angoulême, the river turns west and, after Cognac, to the northwest.

Finally, the river flows into the Atlantic Ocean near Rochefort.

The river is (it is deep, wide and slow enough for a ship to pass), mainly with recreational boats from Angoulême to its mouth.

The Charente flows through 4 departments and 120 "communes", all in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region:

The main tributaries of the Charente river are:


Nate Thurmond

Nathaniel "Nate" Thurmond (July 25, 1941 – July 16, 2016) was an American basketball player. He spent the majority of his 14-year career in the National Basketball Association (NBA) with the Golden State Warriors. He played the center and power forward positions.

Thurmond was a seven-time All-Star and the first player in NBA history to record an official quadruple-double. Thurmond was named both a member of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame and one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History.

He was known to fans as "Nate the Great", Thurmond has had his No. 42 jersey retired by both the Golden State Warriors and the Cleveland Cavaliers.

Thurmond died at the age of 74 on July 16, 2016 after a short battle with leukemia in San Francisco.

Bloeme Evers-Emden

Bloeme Evers-Emden (; 26 July 1927 – 18 July 2016) was a Jewish-Dutch academic and child psychologist. She researched the phenomenon of "hidden children" during World War II and wrote four books on the subject in the 1990s.

Her interest in the topic grew out of her own experiences during World War II, when she was forced to go into hiding from the Nazis and was arrested and deported to Auschwitz on the last transport leaving the Westerbork transit camp on 3 September 1944. Together with her on the train were Anne Frank and her family, whom she had known in Amsterdam. She was freed on 8 May 1945.

She wrote columns for the Jewish weekly "Nieuw Israëlietisch Weekblad".


Qandeel Baloch

Fouzia Azeem (; March 1, 1990 – July 15, 2016), better known by the name Qandeel Baloch (), was a Pakistani model, actress, feminist activist and social media celebrity. Baloch became famous due to her videos discussing her daily routine and many controversial issues.

Baloch first received recognition from the media in 2013, when she auditioned for "Pakistan Idol"; her audition went viral and she became an Internet celebrity. She was one of the top 10 most searched for persons on the internet in Pakistan and both celebrated and criticized for her videos and posts.

On July 15, 2016, Baloch was strangled while she was asleep in her parents' house in Multan. Her brother Waseem confessed to the murder saying she was "bringing disrepute" to the "family's honour".

Janez Bernik

Janez Bernik (6 September 1933 – 15 July 2016) was a Slovenian painter and academic. He was born in Gunclje, now part of Ljubljana. His works include painting, sculpture, graphic design, illustration, tapestry, book design, and poetry. He won the Prešeren Fund Award in 1963.

Bernik died on 15 July 2016 in the Municipality of Prebold, Slovenia, aged 82.

Billy Name

Billy Name (William Linich, Jr., February 22, 1940 – July 18, 2016) was an American photographer, filmmaker and lighting designer. He was the archivist of the Warhol Factory, from 1964 to 1970. His brief romance and friendship with Andy Warhol led to collaboration on Warhol's work, including his movies, paintings and sculpture. 


Duncan M. Gray Jr.

Duncan Montgomery Gray, Jr. (September 21, 1926 – July 15, 2016) was an American bishop and activist. He was the 7th Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Mississippi (a middle judicatory of the Episcopal Church, USA). He was a priest in the southern United States. Gray was best known for his work as a civil rights activist, and his story was included in the University of Southern Mississippi's Civil Rights Digital Archive.

Sharon Runner

Sharon Runner (May 17, 1954 – July 14, 2016) was an American politician. She was a Republican California State Senator. She represented the 21st Senate District at the time of her death, and lastly represented the 17th Senate District from 2011 to 2012.

She was also a member of the California State Assembly from 2002 to 2008, representing the 36th district. She was the wife of California State Board of Equalization Member George Runner. From 2004 to 2008, then-Senator George Runner and then-Assemblywoman Sharon Runner were the first husband and wife in California history to serve at the same time in the California State Legislature.

Runner died at her home in Lancaster, California on July 14, 2016 from complications of respiratory failure, aged 62.

Helena Benitez

Helena Zoila Tirona Benitez (June 27, 1914 – July 14, 2016) was a Filipino academic and administrator of the Philippine Women's University. She served in the Senate of the Philippines from 1967 until Congress was closed when martial law was declared in 1972, and at the Batasang Pambansa from 1978 until it was abolished in 1986.

Benitez also founded the Bayanihan Dance Company.

Benitez died on July 14, 2016 in Manila, aged 102.

Péter Esterházy

Péter Esterházy (14 April 1950 – 14 July 2016) was a Hungarian writer. He was born in Budapest. He was one of the most widely known contemporary Hungarian and Central European writers. He has been called a "leading figure of 20th century Hungarian literature" and his books are thought to be significant contributions to postwar literature.

Esterházy died of pancreatic cancer in Budapest on 14 July 2016, aged 66.

Rappahannock River

The Rappahannock River is a river in eastern Virginia, in the United States. It is about in length. It crosses the entire northern part of the state, from the Blue Ridge Mountains in the west, across the Piedmont, to the Chesapeake Bay, south of the Potomac River. The river drains an area of which is about 6% of Virginia. Much of the watershed is rural and forested. But it has experienced increased development in recent decades because it is so close to the Washington, D.C. suburbs. 
It was an important river in American history. The Rappahannock was the site of early settlements in the Virginia Colony. Later, it was at the center of Eastern Theater of the American Civil War. It was a significant obstacle to north-south movements via land. As a result it functioned as the war's eastern-theatre boundary, between the "North" (the Union) and the "South" (the Confederate States of America).

The name of the river comes from an Algonquian word, "lappihanne" (also recorded as "toppehannock"), meaning "river of quick, rising water" or "where the tide ebbs and flows," the name used by the local native population, the Rappahannock tribe.

Although there had been a few small hamlets along the lower Rappahannock during early colonial times, the settlement of the Rappahannock River valley began in earnest during the first years of the 18th century, at the urging of Governor Alexander Spotswood. The James River had been surveyed up to its fall line, the point where, geologically, continental bedrock of the Piedmont meets the sedimentary rocks and alluvial soils of the coastal plain. Spotswood encouraged settlement in a river valley other than that of the James. In 1714, he began seeking immigrants from the Rhineland-Palatinate and Switzerland to homestead on lands he controlled near where the Rappahannock and the Rapidan came together. Known as the Germanna settlement(s), these villages were founded in order to exploit the iron ore deposits of the region.

The Battle of Rappahannock River was fought on the river during the War of 1812. Seventeen British boats filled with hundreds of marines and sailors captured four American privateers.
During the American Civil War, the river, with few convenient fords and fewer bridges, provided a barrier and defensive line. Behind this line troops had little fear of attack from the river-side. It was an especially difficult barrier for Union troops to overcome in their attempts to thrust into southern Virginia. Control of the river changed hands many times during the course of the war. Significant battles fought along the river include the Battle of Fredericksburg and the Battle of Rappahannock Station. The defensive line at the river was finally bypassed by Ulysses S. Grant in the Wilderness (or Overland) Campaign of 1864, ending in the ultimate Union victory.

In some 18th- and 19th-century documents, including some Civil War records, the Rappahannock River was referred to as "Hedgeman's River" A 1736-1737 survey labeled the Rappahannock above the mouth of the Rapidan as "Cannon", and further upstream it was identified as "Hedgeman's River," named after Nathaniel Hedgeman, an early settler of the region.

The Rappahannock River rises at Chester Gap, a wind gap in the Blue Ridge Mountains a few miles southeast of Front Royal, Virginia. It flows southeastward before it is joined by the Rapidan River, its largest tributary, from the right. Then the Rappahannock passes through the city of Fredericksburg. Southeast of Fredericksburg, it begins to slow and widen into a brackish tidal estuary approximately long. It passes two small, but historic, river towns, Port Royal and Port Conway, which sit opposite each other. The former is on the south bank, the latter on the north. Then it flows past Tappahannock on its southern bank, a point where the river is well over a mile wide. The last settlements of any size before reaching the Chesapeake Bay are Irvington, Urbanna, Stingray Point, and White Stone Beach. The broad river enters the Chesapeake Bay approximately south of the mouth of the Potomac River and approximately east of the state capital, Richmond. At the point where the river enters the bay, between Windmill Point, on the north, and Stingray Point, on the south, it is more than wide. This area, the estuary south of the Northern Neck peninsula, is a productive oyster and crab fishery.

Above Fredericksburg, the Rappahannock provides fine opportunities for recreational canoeing and kayaking. Most of the rapids are Class I and Class II in difficulty, but, near Remington, there are some rapids that are considered to be Class III. The rivers watershed is protected in various places by parcels of the Rappahannock River Valley National Wildlife Refuge.


Dronne

The Dronne () is a river in southwestern France, right tributary of the Isle river. It flows through the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

Its name appears, in an old form, in two "communes" of the Dordogne departmentː Saint-Méard-de-Drône and Saint-Pardoux-de-Drône. Its modern name appears in three "communes"ː Aubeterre-sur-Dronne, Saint-Méard-de-Drône, Saint-Pardoux-de-Drône.

The Dronne river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Dronne starts in the Massif Central, in the "commune" of Bussière-Galant, Creuse department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It starts in the "Parc naturel régional Périgord Limousin" at an altitude of about .

It flows to the southwest and, finally, the river flows into at Coutras, in the Gironde department, at an altitude of about .

The Dronne flows through 5 departments and 52 "communes", all in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region; the main "communes" areː

The main tributaries of the Charente river are:


Michael J. Elliott

Michael J. Elliott, OBE (31 May 1951 – 14 July 2016) was a British journalist and executive. He was the president and chief executive officer of the anti-poverty advocacy organization ONE. He was awarded an OBE in 2003 for services to journalism. 

Elliott previously held senior executive positions at "Time" magazine, "Newsweek", and "The Economist."

Elliott died on 14 July 2016 in Washington, D.C. from bladder cancer, aged 65.

Gary S. Paxton

Gary Sanford Paxton (Larry Wayne Stevens; May 18, 1939 – July 16, 2016) was an American record producer, recording artist, and Grammy and Dove Award winning songwriter. 

Paxton was a member of the Skip & Flip and The Hollywood Argyles and was the producer of two number one Billboard Hot 100 singles: "Alley Oop for The Hollywood Argyles in 1960 and "Monster Mash" for Bobby "Boris" Pickett in 1962.

Paxton died on July 16, 2016 in Branson, Missouri from complications of hepatitis C, aged 77.

Abu Omar al-Shishani

Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili (; 11 February 1986 – presumedly dead in July 2016), known by his nom de guerre Abu Omar al-Shishani (, "Abū ‘Umar ash-Shīshānī", "Abu Omar the Chechen") or Omar al-Shishani, was a Georgian Kist jihadist. He served as a commander for the Islamic State in Syria, and previously as a sergeant in the Georgian Army. In 2013, Batirashvili joined the Islamic State and rapidly became a senior commander in the organization, directing a series of battles and ultimately earning a seat on ISIS's shura council.

U.S. officials reported that Batirashvili died from injuries several days after being the target of a 4 March 2016 U.S. airstrike, near the Al-Shaddadah district in Northern Syria, however, the Islamic State denied these claims and its Amaq News Agency confirmed that Shishani was killed in July 2016 during fighting in the Iraqi city of Shirqat, south of Mosul, Iraq.

Carolyn See

Carolyn See (born Caroline Laws; January 13, 1934 – July 13, 2016) was an American educator and critic. She was the professor emerita of English at the University of California, Los Angeles.

See was the author of ten books, including the memoir, "Dreaming: Hard Luck and Good Times in America", an advice book on writing, "Making a Literary Life", and the novels "There Will Never Be Another You, Golden Days," and "The Handyman." She was also a book critic for the Washington Post for 27 years.

See died on July 13, 2016 in Santa Monica, California from cancer, aged 82.

Hollis L. Harris

Hollis Loyd Harris (November 25, 1931 – July 14, 2016) was an American businessman. He served as President and COO of Delta Air Lines (1987-1990) and Chairman, President, and CEO of Continental Airlines (1990-1991), Air Canada (1992-1996), and World Airways (1999-2004).

In 1997, Harris and Steve Wolf signed a strategic agreement between Air Canada and United Airlines, producing what is now the Star Alliance, which grew to become the world's largest global airline alliance.

Harris died at the age of 84 on July 14, 2016 in Peachtree City, Georgia.

Héctor Babenco

Héctor Eduardo Babenco (February 7, 1946 – July 13, 2016) was an Argentine-born Brazilian movie director, screenwriter, producer and actor. He worked in several countries including Argentina, Brazil and the United States. 

His best known movies are "Pixote" (1980), "Kiss of the Spider Woman" (1985), "Ironweed" (1987), "At Play in the Fields of the Lord" (1990) and "Carandiru" (2003).

Babenco died on July 13, 2016 from a heart attack in São Paulo, Brazil, aged 70.

Robert Ross (Royal Marines officer)

Major Robert Ross (c.17409 June 1794) was the officer in charge of the marines sent with the First Fleet to start a convict settlement in Australia. He later became the Lieutenant-Governor of Norfolk Island.

Ross was born in Scotland, and joined the marines in June 1756. He fought at the siege of Louisburg and the capture of Quebec during the Seven Years' War (1756–63). Promoted to captain, he saw action at Bunker Hill in June 1775 during the American War of Independence. He was on in August 1779 when it was captured and he was taken prisoner by the French.

In 1786 he joined the new New South Wales Marine Corps. He was made its commander with the brevet rank of major. He sailed to New South Wales on , but changed to "Scarborough" during the voyage. His eight-year-old son went with him to Australia.

Ross did not agree with the governor Arthur Phillip and other officers. David Collins had an “inexpressible hatred” for him. Ralph Clark said he was “without exception the most disagreeable commanding officer I ever knew”. He would not let the marines be used to guard or supervise the convicts. He would not let marine officers to sit as members of the criminal court. His own officers did not agree with his decisions. He believed the marines' task was to protect the settlement, and wanted Phillip to build defensive fortifications. He tried to embarrass and stop Phillip from carrying out his ideas to build a settlement. His actions made Phillip's task of starting a new colony more difficult.

Phillip sent Ross to Norfolk Island in March 1790, probably to get him away from Sydney. The ship taking him to Norfolk Island, the "Sirius", was wrecked, and its crew were stranded on the island, Ross proclaimed martial law for four months. He forced the convicts to work harder to clear more land so that they could grow most of their own food. They hated him because of the additional heavy work. He continued to argue with his officers, and Phillip was forced to remove him from the island. He came back to Sydney in December 1791.

Back in Sydney Ross argued and then fought a duel with an officer of the newly arrived New South Wales Corps. On 18 December he, and most of the marines, went back to England on "HMS Gorgon".

Ross did not like living in the colony and did not believe it would succeed. He said that “in the whole world there is not a worse country than what we have yet seen of this...it may with truth be said, here Nature is reversed." He said that “every person … who came out with a desire for remaining … are now most earnestly wishing to get away from it.”

Back in England, Ross was not able to keep his rank of major. He was made a captain-lieutenant and removed from active command. From 1792 to 1794 he served as Marines recruitment officer at St Albans. He died on 9 June 1794.

Historian Mollie Gillen said Ross could be admired as a man who always did what he believed was right, but was also “narrow minded, censorious, self-important and almost totally humourless”.

Ross is a character in the Timberlake Wertenbaker play, "Our Country's Good". He is the main villain, showing extremely cruel treatment of the convicts.

Ross is also a bad person in Jimmy McGovern's TV series "Banished", played by Joseph Millson.


Quota

A quota is a number that says how much or how many of something or someone is allowed or required. It comes from a Latin language word meaning "How many?" Examples include: 

The Intern (2015 movie)

The Intern is a 2015 American comedy movie co-produced, written, and directed by Nancy Meyers. The movie stars Robert De Niro, Anne Hathaway, Rene Russo, Anders Holm, Andrew Rannells, Adam DeVine, Christina Scherer, and Zack Pearlman. The movie was released on September 25, 2015 by Warner Bros.

Manuel G. Batshaw

Manuel Gilman Batshaw, (17 April 1915 – 18 July 2016) was a Canadian social worker. Batshaw was born in Montreal. He was best known for being the founder of Batshaw Youth and Family Centres. He spent more than 50 years in the field of social work in Quebec. 

In the 1970s, he was active in helping Vietnamese boat people refugees. In 1975, he was in charge of an inquiry into abuses at institutions housing troubled young people, and the Batshaw Committee submitted a report. In 1993, five institutions were merged and were named the Batshaw Youth and Family Centres in his honour.

He received an honorary degree from McGill University in 1998 and the National Order of Quebec in 2003, as well as the Order of Canada.

XOXO

XOXO is the first studio album of the boy band Chinese-South Korean EXO, released on June 3, 2013 by the label S.M. Entertainment. The album is the follow-up to the EP debut of EXO, "MAMA" (2012). Like all the music from the group, the album was released in two versions - "Kiss" is the Korean edition and "Hug" is the Chinese edition.

Two main singles were released from "XOXO": "Wolf" and "Growl", with the latter being the first single from the album of the repackaged version released on August 5, 2013. Both singles went to the list in the top 10 of Gaon Singles Chart, and "Growl" was at number three in "Billboard" Korea K-Pop Hot 100. The album won "Álbum of the Year" in 2013 Mnet Asian Music Awards and sold about a million copies, becoming the best-selling album in Korea since 2001.

The single main album "The Wolf and the Beauty" known in English as simply "Wolf", was composed by Will Simms, Nermin Harambasic by Dsign Music and composer of S.M. Entertainment Kenzie. Kenzie has of the letter for the version Korean of the song while Zhou Weijie wrote the letter for the version in Chinese mandarin, "狼与美女". Yoo Young-jin provides the vocals. The song dance was choreographed by Tony Testa. In various programs such as "After School Club" of Arirang, members explain that the dance has 3 elements: trees and forests, caves and the Wolf itself. The member Kris revealed that it took about 3 to 4 months to learn the choreography, because of their level of difficulty. A demo version of the song was leaked in February 2013, in response to producer Ryan Jhun later gave a warning to those who download illegally on May 29, 2013: "I'm going to inform of this to the FBI and the Department of service for all those links."

Several tracks in "development" were produced and recorded in 2011 before the official debut of EXO in the entertainment industry, but he never did in his first EP "MAMA". Some of these tracks were included on album "XOXO", including "Black Pearl" and "My Lady". In July 2013, a repackaged version of "XOXO", was renowned as a "으르렁" ("Growl") was developed with three tracks additional. Composed by Hyuk Shin (Joombas), DK, Jordan Kyle, John Major, and Jarah Gibson, "Growl" is dance-pop genre with R&B and funk. The single was leaked prematurely online July 27, when a video of the group practiced for the Korean version of the song was uploaded to several sites

On May 30, 2013, the Korean and Chinese versions of the music video of "Wolf" were released, EXO sings the song for the first time in "M! Countdown" of Mnet. Both versions of the song were released to their download on June 3, 2013 and on the same day, two physical formats of the album "XOXO" were also released in South Korea: "Kiss" Korean edition and "Hug" in Mandarin edition. After a performance in "Inkigayo" of SBS on June 3, 2013, EXO visited and thanked 2,000 fansho had been waiting in a nearby park to meet them. The premiere of the Mandarin version of the song was broadcast on a popular Chinese variety show "Happy Camp" in mid-June.
The album reached more than 300,000 collective order and reached number one on the Billboard Albums Chart a week after the release. From December 2013, the Korean and Chinese versions of the album as well as their respective versions of repackaging, have collectively sold more than 1,070,000 copies, making it the best-selling album of the year in the industry of K-pop. With over 1 million copies sold, "XOXO " also the best selling album in twelve years Korea became.

XOXO

"Growl" (Repackage)

Exology Chapter 1: The Lost Planet

Exology Chapter 1: The Lost Planet (stylized as EXOLOGY CHAPTER 1: THE LOST PLANET) is the first live album by South Korean boy band EXO. It was released on December 22, 2014 by S.M. Entertainment. It has 2 CDs and a total of 36 songs (1 CD and 18 songs), including individual tracks from each of the members and studio versions of some of his songs remixed (remix Korean and Mandarin/ Mandarin and Korean). The album was released in two versions: a normal version and a special version.

Ex'Act

Ex'Act (stylized as EX'ACT) is the third studio album of the Chinese-South Korean boy band EXO. The album was released in Korean and Chinese by S.M. Entertainment on June 9, 2016.

On May 31, 2016, EXO announces it will release their third studio album. On June 2, it was revealed that the album title would be "Ex'Act" and EXO would be promoting two singles, "Lucky One" and "Monster" with different visual concepts that correspond to the two versions of physical packaging for the album.

On June 7, 2016, it was revealed that producers of notable music including Kenzie, The Stereotypes and Dem Jointz participated in the production of the album, and the member of EXO, Chanyeol, co-wrote the letter song "Heaven". "Ex'Act" and two music videos of "Lucky One" and "Monster" was released on June 9.

A promotional showcase for "Ex'Act", was held at the Olympic Park in Seoul on June 8, 2016. EXO began performing the album's singles music programs in South Korea on June 9.

Before its release, "Ex'Act" received a record as the most pre-sold more than 660,000 physical copies album. Three days after its release, the album became the album fastest selling recorded by the sales list Hanteo more than 450,000 physical copies sold, breaking the record previously held by EXO himself as his fourth EP "Sing for You". 
In YouTube, "Monster" became the second video of K-pop more seen for 24 hours, achieving 4.52 million views after "Gentleman" of PSY. He also became a music video of K-pop boyband most watched, beating "Loser" of Big Bang.

List of awards and nominations received by Exo

This is a list of awards and nominations received by EXO, a Chinese-South Korean boy band formed in 2011 by S.M. Entertainment. The group was divided into two subgroups, EXO-K ("K" Korean in English) by South Korea and EXO-M ("M" Mandarin) by China. EXO has received a total of 142 awards and was nominated for 216 awards. They have also won 104 awards of Korean music programs and 2 Chinese, making them the Korean artist with the highest number of victories in programs. On June 14, 2013, one year after its official debut, the band received their first number-one in the "Music Bank" with the single "Wolf."

"The Show" () is a South Korean music program aired by SBS MTV. EXO won twice on "The Show" with "Call Me Baby" and "Love Me Right".
"Show Champion" is a South Korean music program aired by MBC Music. EXO has won 17 times (one with EXO-K) as of 2017, including three songs achieving "Triple Crown" awards, "Growl", "Call Me Baby" and "Love Me Right".
"M! Countdown" is a South Korean music program broadcast by Mnet. EXO has won 21 times (2 times with EXO-K) as of 2017, including five songs achieving "Triple Crown" awards; "Growl", "Miracles in December", "Call Me Baby", "Monster", and "Ko Ko Bop".
CCTV's Global Chinese Music is a Chinese music show.

Thrombus

A thrombus, or blood clot stops bleeding. It keeps blood inside a damaged blood vessel, and stops the hemorrhage.

A blood clot is the final product of the coagulation. There are aggregated platelets and red blood cells. Together with fibrin they form a plug, and stop the bleeding.

The substance making up a thrombus is sometimes called cruor. 

A thrombus is a healthy response to injury to prevent bleeding, but can be harmful in thrombosis, when clots block blood flow through otherwise normal blood vessels.

Mud March

The Mud March (January 20, 1863 – January 23, 1863) was an attempt by Union Army Major General Ambrose Burnside to attack Lee's Confederate Army of Northern Virginia. After the disastrous defeat of the Army of the Potomac at the Battle of Fredericksburg, Burnside was anxious to redeem himself. He planned for his Army to make a winter march across the Rappahannock River on December 30, 1862. But he had not informed President Abraham Lincoln of his plan. Lincoln called him back. Three weeks passed and this time, with Lincoln's implied approval, the army marched southward. However, winter rains made the roads nearly impassable. After four days the attempt ended in failure.

On December 15, 1862, Burnside's Union army withdrew from the Battle of Fredericksburg back to Falmouth, Virginia. It was a defeat for Burnside and a win for Lee. Lee suffered 5,300 casualties defending Fredericksburg. Union losses were more than twice as many. In total Burnside lost about 12,600 Union soldiers; killed, wounded, or missing. Morale in the Union army was very low that winter. There was political pressure from Washington to continue the “On to Richmond” offensive that had failed up to that point in time. The Northern newspapers reported that 75,000 Confederate soldiers from Lee's army had been sent to reinforce the North Carolina coast. Burnside wanted to move against Lee while the Army of Northern Virginia was weakened. He personally scouted the area above Falmouth for the best place for his army to cross the Rappahannock. As late as January 15, he was still looking at places to cross. Confederate sharpshooters reported seeing Burnside near Banks ford and wondered what the General was up to. Finally, Burnside decided on Banks ford and U.S. ford. He sent troops to Muddy ford to draw attention away from his planned crossing points. On the morning of January 20 the army began to move.

Burnside gave the order which read in part: "the great and auspicious moment has arrived to strike a great and mortal blow to the rebellion, and to gain that decisive victory which is due to the country." At dawn on January 21, the plan called for five pontoon bridges to be assembled at the river's edge allowing two "grand divisions" (two corps each) to cross the river in four hours. The night before, it began raining. By the morning of the 21st, the roads were rapidly becoming too muddy to use. The five pontoons and 150 supporting pieces of artillery that were supposed to be in place had not arrived. The pontoons that did manage to arrive were not enough to make even one bridge. Double and triple teams of horses were hitched to each pontoon wagon. In some cases 150 soldiers would try to help the horses move one boat. They could only move a few feet before horses and men were exhausted.

The rain turned out to be a Nor'easter that caused very heavy rainfall for two days. Men and wagons were stuck in knee-deep mud. Burnside kept pushing his troops to move forward but even soldiers carrying only their haversack and rifle were soon exhausted. By this time Burnside had lost the advantage of surprise. This allowed Lee time to strengthen his lines. He also positioned sharpshooters to harass the Union soldiers that did manage to arrive across the river. In addition, Confederate soldiers jeered and made fun of Burnside's failure. They put up signs saying "This way to Richmond" and "Burnside's Army Stuck in the Mud"! 

The road down to the river was in complete chaos. Wagons, artillery and men clogged the road being unable to move. Some mules and horses dropped dead in the road, completely exhausted after being driven to pull a load they could not move. After three days of this, Burnside decided to help raise morale by issuing whiskey to his troops. This turned out to be another bad idea. Soldiers got drunk and started fighting with each other. At times entire regiments were engaged in fistfighting. By the fourth day, January 23rd, Burnside realized he could not get cross the Rappahannock. He finally cancelled the order.

Just before moving his army south in January, Burnside had offered his resignation to Lincoln. President Lincoln declined, and Burnside, apparently satisfied he had Lincoln's approval, went back to his command. After the failure of the Mud March, there was good deal of criticism by some of Burnside's highest officers. Burnside then had Order Number 8 drawn up along with his resignation. He then went to Washington. In a meeting on January 24, Burnside told Lincoln he either had to approve the order or accept his resignation. The President did not accept the order and instead of having Burnside resign, he had him take a leave of absence.

Burnside's Order No. 8 directed the dismissal of Generals Joseph Hooker, John Newton, William T. H. Brooks and John Cochrane. It also relieved Generals William B. Franklin, William Farrar Smith, Samuel D. Sturgis and others, from their duties.

On January 25, 1863, President Lincoln issued General Order No. 20. It relieved General Burnside of command of the Army of the Potomac. It relieved General Edwin Vose Sumner of his command; at his own request. It next relieved General Franklin of his command. Lastly, it assigned General Joseph Hooker to command the Army of the Potomac. In a White House gathering that evening, a friend of Burnside's, Henry J. Raymond, a New York politician, got Lincoln's attention and told the President that Joseph Hooker was unfit to command the Army. He told Lincoln there were many things going on in the Army of the Potomac that the President was not aware of. He then talked about General Hooker's near-treasonable comments. Lincoln leaned over and placing his hand on Raymond's shoulder said quietly: “This is all true, Hooker does talk badly; but the trouble is stronger with the country to-day than any other man.” Raymond then asked what the country would think of this if they knew. Lincoln said “The country would not believe it; they would say it is all a lie.” The Army of the Potomac, now under Hooker, would meet the Army of Northern Virginia again in the spring at the Battle of Chancellorsville.


Political prisoner

A political prisoner is a person imprisoned for political activities, or because they oppose or criticize the government in their country.

In October 2012, the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) passed a resolution to define "political prisoner". A person in prison is a "political prisoner:

Matlyuba Kamilova

Matlyuba Kamilova or Matluba Kamilova is an Uzbeck human rights activist and school principal. In 2016, Samantha Power, the U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., named her one of twenty women political prisoners in the Free the 20 campaign.

Kamilova spoke out about police corruption. In September 2010, she was arrested and charged with possession of drugs. She is still in prison.

Kamillova is a lawyer. She was the director of a technical college in Angren, Tashkent province. Kamilova was born in 1960.

Kamilova worked against corruption and helped people work for their rights. Because of Kamilova, two corruption cases were started against local government officials.

On September 6, 2010, police stopped Kamilova in her car. Kamilova’s 21-year-old son, Shohruhon, was also in the car. The police told Shohruhon they found heroin in the car. The police beat Kamilova and her son, and took them to jail. In jail, they made Kavilova listen to the screams of prisoners being beaten, because they wanted her to confess. At the trial, the police did not agree about where they found the drugs. An activist at the trial said the police put drugs on Kamilova. Drug convictions and planting drugs on human rights activists are routine in Uzbekistan.

A court sentenced Kamilova to eleven years in prison. Because it is a drug charge, she cannot get an appeal. No one knows where she is.

David Farragut

David Glasgow Farragut (July 5, 1801 in Knoxville, Tennessee - August 14, 1870 in Portsmouth, New Hampshire) was an American officer of the United States Navy during the American Civil War. He was the first rear admiral, vice admiral, and admiral in the United States Navy. He commanded the naval forces of the Union Navy in the Battle of Mobile Bay.

David Farragut was the son of George Farragut, a naval officer during the American Revolutionary War.

Graeae

The Graeae, sometimes called the Grey Sisters, are characters from Greek mythology. They are a trio of hags, called Deino, Enyo and Pemphredo. They are called the Grey Sisters because they were born with grey skin and hair. They also share one tooth and one eye. They take turns using the tooth and eye. The Graeae are affiliated with the gorgons. The hero Perseus made them say where Medusa was by taking their eye. Perseus said he would not give the eye back until the Grey Sisters told him where Medusa was. 

Mymensingh Division

Mymensingh Division is an administrative division of Bangladesh. The division has an area of 10,485 km², and a population of 11,370,000.

The division of Mymensingh is next to the Indian state of Meghalaya to the north, Dhaka Division on the south, Sylhet Division to the east, Rangpur and Rajshahi Division to the west.

Demonstration (military)

In military terminology, a demonstration is an attack or show of force on a battlefield designed to trick or mislead an enemy. Unlike a feint, a demonstration does not make contact with the enemy. It is usually used as a supporting attack intended to deceive an enemy into thinking the demonstration is the main attack.

An example of a demonstration in the American Civil War was at the Battle of Gettysburg. On July 2, 1863, General Robert E. Lee ordered Lieutenant General Richard S. Ewell to stage a demonstration against Culp's Hill on the Union right flank. This was in support of Lieutenant General James Longstreet's main attack against the Union left flank.

The advantages of a demonstration include:

Disadvantages include:


Battle of Falling Waters

The Battle of Falling Waters (July 6, 1863 – July 16, 1863), also called the Battle of Williamsport and the Battle of Hagerstown, was fought as part of the Gettysburg Campaign during the American Civil War. It was an inconclusive battle in that it did not end in a clear victory for either side. Having been defeated at the Battle of Gettysburg, General Robert E. Lee's army retreated along the Fairfield Road toward Hagerstown and Williamsport, Maryland. Blocked from escaping into Virginia by the flooded Potomac River, Lee's forces created a defensive line with their backs to the river. The Union army was cautiously following Lee and arrived in the area beginning on July 12. There were a number of skirmishes and heavy fighting on July 13. That evening the river was low enough and Lee's army began crossing into Virginia. On July 14, Union cavalry attacked the Confederate rearguard taking about 700 prisoners.

By late 1862, Virginia was running out of food to feed its army. Lee's horses were dying of disease because they had little or no fodder. The cavalry and artillery units had to be widely scattered behind his lines in order to find food for the horses. In the winter of 1863, food trains from the south were becoming more and more scarce. His men were living on rations of one-quarter pound of salted meat per day. Confederate President Jefferson Davis and his Secretary of War James Seddon wanted to send detachments from Lee's army to other more successful war fronts. Lee was opposed to the idea. Because of increased activity by the Union Army of the Potomac recently, he could not afford to weaken his army any further.

In June 1863, Lee launched his most ambitious plan of the war. He and his Army of Northern Virginia invaded the North for a second time. His first invasion ended at the Battle of Antietam in September 1862. This time he wanted to take the war out of Virginia and bring it into the Northern states. Virginia had been ravaged by war and Lee's army could no longer find food and supplies. He also wanted to defeat the Army of the Potomac on its own soil. This would demoralize the North and possibly bring an end to the war. However, his defeat at the Battle of Gettysburg ended heavy losses. The south lost 22,198 soldiers (killed, wounded, captured or missing). Lee took what supplies his army had taken from the Pennsylvania countryside and turned south for the safety of Virginia.

On July 4, 1863, following three days of battle at Gettysburg, the two armies watched each other from opposing ridges. The Union commander, General George G. Meade, sent out skirmishers to probe the Confederate lines. But no order was given to attack. Meade knew the Confederates would be hard to dislodge from a defensive position. The Confederate army would probably have welcomed an attack so as to repay their terrible losses they suffered the day before. But Lee's main concern was getting his army and their captured supplies back to Virginia. Lee knew it was extremely dangerous to retreat in front of an enemy army. Lee gave detailed instructions on how the retreat would be accomplished. The Confederate Army of Northern Virginia was to hold its position on Seminary Ridge all day on July 4th. The more than 10,000 wounded men would be moved by wagon train to Williamsport and cross the Potomac to Virginia.

Confederate General John D. Imboden's cavalry brigade arrived at Gettysburg on July 3, too late to take part in the battle. Because his cavalry unit was fresh, Lee assigned Imboden the task of escorting and protecting the wagon train of wounded soldiers back to Virginia. Under cover of a heavy rainstorm, Imboden's 2,100 cavalrymen and 23 cannon left the battlefield the afternoon of July 4th. They escorted the long train of wagons and ambulances with the wounded and foodstores over the muddy roads to Williamsport. During the trip the wagon train was attacked by small units of Union cavalry several times. When he arrived at Williamsport on the afternoon of the 5th, he found the Potomac was flooded and could not be crossed. The rest of Lee's army followed on the night of July 4-5, screened by J.E.B. Stuart's Confederate cavalry. The next day, on discovering the Confederates had left the battlefield, the Union army cautiously followed.

Imboden, learning that a 3,000 strong Union cavalry was approaching, formed a semicircle to defend the town. He managed to fend them off until nightfall when a brigade of Confederate cavalry arrived to drive them off. By July 11, most of Lee's infantry had reached Williamsport. He strengthened the defenses and waited for the Potomac river to go down so they could cross. Meade’s army reached Williamsport on the 12th and began probing the Confederate defenses. The Potomac finally was low enough to cross on July 13. A pontoon bridge had been constructed by Confederate engineers about downstream at Falling Waters. At both locations the Confederate army began crossing the river that evening.

The last of Lee's forces to cross the Potomac was his rearguard. This was a force of about 3,000 men commanded by Major General Henry Heth. They took their positions on the ridge behind Falling Waters after marching all night. On the morning of July 14, Meade was surprised to learn Lee had withdrawn most of his army across the Potomac. He immediately ordered two companies of Michigan cavalry under the command of a newly promoted General George Armstrong Custer to attack. The cavalry charged up the ridge to attack Heth's Confederates but were cut to pieces. Custer dismounted his cavalry and proceeded to fight on foot. At first the Confederate casualties were light. But in heavy fighting Confederate General J. Johnston Pettigrew, who commanded a North Carolina brigade under Heth, was mortally wounded. Additional Union forces arrived and in over two hours of fighting, over 500 Confederates were captured. Heth's men, carrying the wounded Pettigrew, withdrew over the river ending the battle. The Battle of Falling Waters was the last battle in the Gettysburg Campaign.

Major General Hugh Judson Kilpatrick, Custer's commanding officer, sent only two companies of cavalry against the two brigades of Confederates at Falling Waters. It was a lost opportunity and he did not wait for more units to arrive. To cover up his mistake, he claimed that his division took more than 1,500 prisoners. In an unusual move, Lee refuted this claim in the Northern newspapers. A correspondent for the New York Times gave yet another account: "The charge made upon the earthworks was one of the most gallant on record -- a squadron of fifty-seven men charging upon three or four brigades behind earthworks, killing one Major-General, (Pettigrew,) capturing more than 1,000 prisoners, and strewing the field with the killed and wounded of the enemy."

The Civil War Trust (a division of the American Battlefield Trust) and its partners have acquired and preserved four acres of the Falling Waters Battlefield.


Rasha Sharbaji

Rasha Sharbaji, also Shurbaji or Chorbaji, (Arabic: رشا شربجي) (born 1982 in Darayya, Syria) is a Syrian mother. When Sharbaji went to get a passport, she was arrested with her children, to put pressure on her husband. Sharbaji's husband died in 2014.

In 2016, Samantha Power, the U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., named Sharbaji one of twenty women political prisoners in the Free the 20 campaign.

Sharbaji was born in 1982. She is from the town of Darayya, a suburb of Damascus in Rif Dimashq governorate.

On May 22, 2014, Sharbaji went to the immigration and passport center in Damascus to get a passport. When she tried to get a passport, she was arrested with her children. She was arrested because her husband was against the government during the revolution.

Sharbaji was pregnant with twins. They wanted to arrest her husband, Osama Abbar, so they put Sharbaji in prison. They took Sharbaji's children and put them in SOS Village, an orphanage in Qodsaya. They did not let the family see the children. The Syrian police took Sharbaji to the political security branch in Damascus. Then they took Sharbaji to the Air Force Intelligence prison at al-Mezze military airport in Damascus.

Sharbaji's husband Osama died in October 2014. He drowned in the Mediterranean Sea while trying to migrate to Europe.

The Human Rights and Democracy Office in the US State Department asked Noor al-Khatib, from the Syrian Network for Human Rights for important cases of detention. The Syrian Network for Human Rights nominated Sharbaji, and also the cases of Dr. Rania Abbasi and Dr Faten Rajab for the FreeThe20 campaign. The State Department chose Sharbaji.

Sharbaji was freed in February 8, 2017, in an exchange of prisoners. The exchange took place outside of Hama, Syria. Forty-five pro-government prisoners made up of women and children were exchanged for 55 women and children that oppose the government. The opposition kidnapped the women as a bargaining chip to bring back their own women.

According to a February 2017 interview with Sharbaji in Syria Direct, Shabaji's husband worked with the opposition as a weapons trader, smuggling weapons to rebel areas. He was a member of the Darayya-based rebel group Liwaa Shuhadaa al-Islam, and helped the rebels move the injured to Lebanon and deliver humanitarian relief supplies.

Elizabeth Morgan case

The Elizabeth Morgan case was a local and international child custody contest between Elizabeth Morgan and Eric Foretich over their daughter, Hilary Antonia Foretich. It lasted from 1983 to 1997. The custody contest took place in Washington D.C. and later in Christchurch, New Zealand. It cost the parties over $4 million in legal fees. The trials created more than 4,000 pages of transcripts. Over 1,000 news, magazine and legal articles about the case were published.

Hilary Antonia Foretich (born 1982), later known as Ellen Morgan, was at the center of this well-publicized international custody case. 

Elizabeth Morgan had alleged that Foretich had sexually abused their daughter, an accusation that he has denied and which has never been proven in court.

In 1987, Hilary's maternal grandparents took her to New Zealand, defying a court order that Hilary have unsupervised visitation with her father, Eric Foretich. Her mother, plastic surgeon Elizabeth Morgan, spent 25 months in detention from 1987 to 1989 for contempt of court in Washington, D.C., for refusing to reveal Hilary's whereabouts.

Morgan was Foretich's third wife. Foretich's second wife had also accused him of sexual abuse of their daughter, Heather (born 1980). Foretich denied those charges, and has repeatedly said the two women have acted in collusion.

Rep. Frank Wolf introduced the bill that became the "District of Columbia Civil Contempt Imprisonment Limitation Act" in 1989. Elizabeth Morgan was freed after 759 days by an Act of Congress, the District of Columbia Civil Contempt Imprisonment Limitation Act, in 1989 and joined her daughter and parents in New Zealand.

In 1992, the story of the case was made into a television film in 1992, and released as "A Mother's Right: The Elizabeth Morgan Story"; Foretich sued ABC, who paid Foretich a settlement related to how Foretich was portrayed in the film.

Foretich searched for and found "Ellen" in Christchurch, New Zealand. He traveled there and attempted to gain some custody of his daughter but the courts there maintained the status quo and Foretich claimed that he could financially no longer afford to pursue the matter.

In 1996, Congress passed the other act, the Elizabeth Morgan Act, which permitted Hilary, who by then called herself Ellen Morgan, to decide whether or not to see her father. Wolf again involved himself in the case when he supported the bill that became the bill that became the Elizabeth Morgan Act.

The 14-year-old "Ellen" returned with her mother to the United States, but declined to see her father. Foretich sued in 1997, and the law was overturned as a bill of attainder by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in 2003, but had no practical effect on Hilary, who was by then 21 and could choose for herself whether or not to see her father. Hilary Foretich, who had gone by the assumed name Ellen Morgan while in New Zealand, started calling herself Elena Mitrano, the surname her maternal grandfather had before he changed it.


Frankfurt Galaxy

The Frankfurt Galaxy were a professional American football team in the NFL Europa. They are based in Frankfurt, Germany. Frankfurt Universe is the successor of the Frankfurt Galaxy.




Colobinae

The Colobinae are a subfamily of Old World monkeys. The family includes 61 species in 11 genera, including the "Colobus" monkeys, the large-nosed proboscis monkey, and the grey langurs.

Some classifications split the colobine monkeys into two tribes, while others split them into three groups. Both classifications put the three African genera "Colobus", "Piliocolobus", and "Procolobus" in one group; these genera are distinct because they have stub thumbs (Greek κολοβός "kolobós" = "docked").

The various Asian genera are placed into one or two groups. Analysis of mtDNA shows the Asian species form two distinct groups, one of langurs and the other of the "odd-nosed" species. The grey langurs are not closely related to either.

Vervet monkey

The vervet monkey ("Chlorocebus pygerythrus"), or simply vervet, is an Old World monkey of the family Cercopithecidae. It is native to Africa. The term "vervet" is also used to refer to all the members of the genus "Chlorocebus". They are found mostly throughout Southern Africa, as well as some of the eastern countries.

Vervets were introduced to the Americas, where there were originally no Old World monkeys. They are now in Florida, Texas, Alabama, Louisiana, Arizona, California, Ascension Island, Cape Verde, Barbados, Saint Kitts, Bermuda, Bahamas, Cuba, Jamaica, Haiti, Dominican Republic, and Nevis.

Vervets are mostly herbivorous monkeys. They have black faces and grey body hair color, ranging in length from about for males to about for females.

Vervet monkeys serve as a primate model for understanding genetic and social behaviors of humans. They have some human-like characteristics, such as hypertension, anxiety, and social and dependent alcohol use. Vervets live in social groups ranging from 10 to 70 individuals. Males change groups when they become sexually mature. The most significant studies done on vervet monkeys are on their their communication and alarm calls. Communication helps kin and group recognition, and alerting to predators.

Wagon train

A wagon train is a convoy or group of wagons who travel together for safety. A baggage train is a military wagon train used to carry the equipment and supplies needed by an army. They needed to carry enough supplies, including feed for the draft animals, for the entire journey. Wagon trains are most closely associated with American pioneers traveling west. As the population of the Thirteen Colonies grew, people migrated westward looking for inexpensive lands and new opportunities. The wagon had to carry all the supplies for the trip and all a family's personal belongings. While military use of wagon trains is ancient, the Romans built a network of roads for their armies and baggage trains to move throughout the empire.

D minor

D minor is a musical minor scale starting on D. Its key signature has one flat.

Its relative major is F major and its parallel major is D major.

Stephen Manley

Stephen Manley may refer to:


List of municipalities of the Province of Terni

The following is a list of the 33 communes of the Province of Terni, Umbria, in Italy.

Ballotpedia

Ballotpedia is a non-partisan online political encyclopedia. Founded in 2007, it covers American federal, state, and local politics, elections, and public policy. 

Ballotpedia is sponsored by the Lucy Burns Institute, a non-profit organization based in Middleton, Wisconsin. According to their website, the organization employed over 60 writers and researchers in 2016.

Anne Holton

Anne Bright Holton (born February 1, 1958) is an American politician and educator. She served as the Virginia Secretary of Education from 2014-2016. She is also the wife of United States Senator and former Governor Tim Kaine. She served as First Lady of Virginia from 2006 to 2010. Her father is former Virginia Governor Linwood Holton.


Karen Pence

Karen Sue Batten Pence (born January 1, 1957) is an American educator and painter. She was the second lady of the United States from 2017 to 2021 as the wife of the 48th vice president of the United States, Mike Pence. Before becoming second lady, she was the first lady of Indiana from 2013 to 2017 when her husband was governor.

Karen Sue Batten was born on January 1, 1957, at McConnell Air Force Base in Kansas to Lilian Hacker Batten and John M. Batten. She grew up in the Broad Ripple Village, Indianapolis until she graduated from high school. She attended schools such as, Bishop Chatard High School and Butler University.

Karen and Mike Pence officially got married on June 8, 1985 and the couple had three children together named Michael, Audrey, and Charlotte Pence.

Pence became the first lady of Indiana succeeding Cheri Daniels, when her husband became the 50th governor of Indiana on January 14, 2013. As first lady of the state, Pence created the Indiana First Lady’s Charitable Foundation. It's purpose is encourage and support young children and families in Indiana.

Pence became the second lady of the United States when her husband inaugurated as the 48th vice president of the United States on January 20, 2017. As second lady, Pence raised awareness by teaching the public about mental health and art therapy in the United States and around the world. 

She observed art therapy programs in the Asia Pacific region, Australia, Europe, South America, Africa, Canada, and across the United States.

Pence served as the honorary chair of the Art Therapy Initiative at Riley Hospital for Children. She also served as a board member for Tracy’s Kids, an art therapy program for young cancer patients.

In February 2017, Tracy’s Kids honored Pence with the Courage Award for her support of art therapy programs across the United States and world. Children’s National Health System also recognized her for her support of art therapy and presented the with the Hero Award in February 2017. 

In March 2017, Pence was given the Sister Cities International Diplomatic Leadership Award for her support of Sister Cities International mission. In July 2017, Sister Cities International appointed her to serve as the Honorary Vice Chairwoman for Sister Cities International.

In October 2017, Pence launched her art therapy initiative, Healing with the HeART. It's purpose was for people to understand that art therapy is a mental health profession, and not arts and crafts. 

Pence was an advocate to military service members, spouses, and their families. She has hosted and participated in many events to honor and recognize all of those in the serving in the military.

In September 2018, she launched an awareness campaign to encourage military spouses. As part of the campaign, Pence educated military spouses about the available resources and opportunities to support spouses and their families. In August 2019, the American Legion Auxiliary awarded her the Public Spirit Award.

In January 2020, Pence accepted the honor of being the Lead Ambassador of PREVENTS. Her role as lead ambassador was to help veterans and all Americans remember to check in with themselves and loved ones and to keep their mental health a priority.

Football at the 2016 Summer Olympics

The association football tournament at the 2016 Summer Olympics were held from 3 to 20 August in Brazil.

The tournament were feature both the men's and women's teams. The men's teams can only have players who were born on or after 1 January 1993, and the women's teams have no age limit.

The tournament were played in six cities: Rio de Janeiro, Belo Horizonte, Brasília, Salvador, São Paulo, and Manaus.

The top 4 teams in the 2015 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualify, the winner of the 2015 Pacific Games qualifies, the top 2 teams in the 2015 CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Championship qualify, the top 3 teams from the 2015 Africa U-23 Cup of Nations qualify, the top 3 teams from the 2016 AFC U-23 Championship qualify and the winner of the 2016 CONCACAF–CONMEBOL play-off qualifies.

The best two European teams from the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualify, the winner of the 2014 Copa América Femenina qualifies (which was Brazil but they already qualified for being hosts, so the runners-up qualified instead), the top 2 teams from the 2015 CAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament qualify, the winner of the 2016 OFC Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament qualifies, the top 2 teams from the 2016 CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Championship qualify, the top 2 teams from the 2016 AFC Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament qualify and the winner of the 2016 UEFA Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament qualifies.














Pointe-Noire

Pointe-Noire is the second largest town of the Republic of the Congo. It is in the south in Kouilou Department. As of 2007, 715,000 people lived there.

Pointe-Noire is a commune divided into six urban districts ("arrondissements"):

Bouenza Department

Boueza is a departement of the Republic of the Congo, in the southwest. Its capital is Madingou.

Bouenza is divided into two communes and ten districts:


Cuvette Department

Cuvette is a departement of Republic of the Congo, in the northeast. Its capital is Owando.

Cuvette is divided into one commune and ten districts:

Cuvette-Ouest Department

Cuvette-Ouest is a department of Republic of the Congo, in the northwest. Its capital is Ewo.

Cuvette-Ouest is divided into one commune and six districts:

Lékoumou Department

Lékoumou is a departement of the Republic of the Congo, in the south. Its capital is Sibiti.
Lékoumou is divided into four districts:

Likouala Department

Likouala is a departement of the Republic of the Congo, in the north. Its capital is Impfondo.

Niari Department

Niari is a departement of the Republic of the Congo, in the south. Its capital is Dolisie.



Plateaux Department (Republic of the Congo)

Plateaux is a departement of the Republic of the Congo, in the center. Its capital is Djambala.
Plateaux is divided into four districts:

Lego Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu

Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu is an American animated television series that focuses on the adventures of six ninja: Kai, Zane, Jay, Lloyd (as of season 2), Cole, & Nya (as of season 5). It is a spin-off based on the popular brick building toy, Lego 

The setting of the series is in the land of Ninjago. 

Season 1 focuses on the Ninja (Kai, Jay, Cole and Zane) fighting to determine whose the green Ninja (a ninja who is destined to fight the evil Lord Garmadon). Sensei Wu is struggling to maintain and teach his Ninja students. Pythor is the main villain of season 1 & his main goal is to get all the fangblades to free his master and mistress 'The Great Devourer', so he can get destroy Ninjago city. Pythor is consumed by the Devourer, and the Devourer is destroyed by evil Garmadon (who uses the golden weapons), & later on steals the Golden Weapons. Also it was revealed that Lloyd is the green ninja. And everything goes out of hand when a son has to fight his father.

Season 2 focuses on the Ninja trying to train Lloyd for the ultimate battle. The Ninja are turned into children but are turned back to normal at the price of Lloyd losing his youth and becomes older. Lord Garmadon releases the Stone Army, due to the command of the OverLord. The ultimate battle begins, but Lloyd loses. On the second round the OverLord possesses Garmadon, claiming that Ninjago was never Garmadon's but he's. Lloyd becomes the Ultimate Spinjitzu master and defeats the OverLord, restoring Ninjago back to its good, original form, and destroying all Garmadon's evil, : turning him back to normal.

Season 3 focuses on the Ninja leaving in "New Ninjago City" and striving for action. At the time the Ninja find out that the Overlord is alive, & rebuilt himself into the Digiverse. The Ninja are given the Technoblades by 'Borg' which is the weakness for the Overlord. The Overlord infects every Android machine and robot with evil, including his Nindroid army. Jay is angry and jealous when it is revealed that Cole is Nya's love match, & for the entire season Jay and Cole fight. When Lloyd is free he only has 10% of his golden power, which is divided to give the Ninja their elemental powers. The OverLord with his helper Pythor and launch Codename: Arcturus. The Nindroids go to space to get the Golden Weapons, but are privately followed by the Ninja. When they land on the asteroid, the nindroids get the Golden Weapons and fly back to Earth leaving the Ninja with a destroyed rocket ship. The Ninja use their powers to rebuild the rocket and fly back to Earth. The OverLord becomes the Golden Master, but is finally destroyed by Zane (who risks his life). 

On season 4 the Ninja are split due to Zane's sacrifice, But are reunited by Lloyd. The ninja participate in "The Tournament of Elements" hosted by Master Chen when they get the news that Zane is alive. They participate in the tournament with 12 other masters Skylor Chen, Griffin Turner , Paleman also known as Mr. Pale, Chamille, Ash, Bolobo, Gravis, Neuro, Tox, Shade also known as Shadow, Karlof & Jacob Pevsner. In the Tournament Kai falls in love with Skylor Chen, & becomes Karlof's enemy. After many battles all the masters start to realize that when someone loses Chen uses his staff of elements to suck their powers for a transformation spell, which is performed by Clouse. The spell makes everybody with the Andacondrai mark become Fake Andacondrai. The Andacondrai mark spot people include Chen himself, Clouse, Garmadon, Skylor Chen, & every other Andacondrai wannabe. The transformation was not complete, and to complete it they'll need the saliva of a true Andacondrai. When they took Pythor and complete the transformation, on the other hand, every elemental master has discovered all their elemental dragons. They fight all the Andacondrai wannabes. And the Andacondrai wannabes are sucked into the cursed realm, which leads to Garmadon sacrificing himself to be sucked into the cursed realm so he can unleash the Andacondrai spirits to curse Chen's army. At the end of season 4 Morro is accidentally freed from the Cursed Realm.

Season 5 focuses on the Ninja fighting the ghost Morro. Morro possesses Lloyd for most of the season. When Morro possesses Lloyd, the ninja lose their powers and use Aeroblades for most of the season. Morro unleashes a variety of ghost warriors & his mission is to find the realm crystal, & free his mistress, "The Preeminent" so she can curse all 16 realms exept Djinjago. On the other hand, Nya is revealed to be the Water Waves Ocean Tides Fluids Ninja, as she is being trained by Sensei Wu. The Ninja and Morro struggle as they go through journeys to master Airjitzu to get the Sword of Sanctuary, and find the Realm Crystal. At the end of Season 5, Lloyd is free and fights with Morro. At the end Nya unlocks her true potential and destroys the Preeminent, with the cost of Morro dying. 

Season 6 focuses on the Ninja being famous, but is disrupted when Clouse frees Nadakhan the Djinn. The whole season focuses on the ninja fighting Nadakhan's Sky Pirates Crew. Nadakhan's mission is to be married to Nya so he can get infinite wishes. All the Ninja are captured but except for Jay/Nya. Nadakhan gets Infinite wishes but is stopped when Jay wishes that "nobody ever found the teapot and that Nya took his hand". This destroys the timeline of Nadakhan being free & reunites Jay and Nya's relationship.

Season 7 focuses on The Ninja against The Time Twins. The Time Twins are the Elemental Wizards Sorcerers Mages Magicians and Masters of Time from long time ago, during the Anacondrai wars. Long time ago Wu and Garmadon fought with the Time Twins and banished them using the Time Blade. The Time Blade is the main weapon that the twins control. The Time Twins than return to the present to get revenge. Acronix and Acrux then team up and create the Vermilion Army. The Ninja have a tough time against the Vermilion Army. It is than revealed that Kai and Nya's parents were traitors and worked for the Time Twins. One evidence is revealed later on that Ray and Maya are the ones who created The Time Blades and revealed to be their captivities.

Season 8 focuses on Lloyd

Note: There are 128 episodes in total. 115 have aired but 15 are unreleased.
-000 production codes
Focus Ninja: Kai
000 production codes.
Focus Ninja: None
100 production codes
Focus Ninja: Lloyd
Over a year after The Overlord was destroyed, new villains have come to conquer Ninjago again, returning The Overlord back to life digitally. Focus Ninja: Zane

200 production codes
300 production codes
Focus Ninja: Kai
400 production codes
Focus Ninja: None
On July 13, 2017, Ninjago had a special called Wu's Teas with 20 shorts

500 production codes
Focus Ninja: Jay
Clouse somehow escaped the cursed realm.

600 production codes
Focus Ninja: Kai and Nya

700 production codes 
Focus Ninja: Lloyd
Focus Ninja: None
On March 16, 2018, the series has been renewed to a 10th season with 4 episodes. This is the last season with 22 minute episodes.
Focus Ninja: Lloyd

The series had a huge success and has the rating of 4.6 out of 5 and 92% out of 100%. The series plays in Cartoon Network. The series is watched by 4.7 million per day. The series is naturally named 'Lego Ninjago:Masters of Spinjitzu' but is called 'Ninjago' by fans or viewers. Ninjago:Masters of Spinjitzu is distributed by Lego and is produced by WiFilm.


The Fold

The Fold is a music rock band in Chicago, Illinois. Its genre is alternative rock. It is known for making "The Weekend Whip", which is the main theme song for . The band's vocal leader is Daniel Castady. It has 4 other members. They also released the album called 'Secrets Keep You Sick' in 2007. 

Gambler's fallacy

The term Gambler's fallacy refers to a misconception about statistics. It is also known Monte Carlo fallacy or fallacy of the maturity of chances. In statistics, a random event has a certain probability of occurring. The fallacy is that if the event has occurred more frequently in the past, it will occur less frequently in the future; or that if it has been less frequent in the past, it will be more frequent in the future.

As early as 1796, the idea of the gambler's fallacy was used to "predict" the sex of children. In his work "A Philosophical Essay on Probabilities", published in 1796, Pierre-Simon Laplace wrote of the ways in which men calculated their probability of having sons:"I have seen men [who wanted to have] a son, who could learn only with anxiety of the births of boys in the month when they expected to become fathers. Imagining that the ratio of these births to those of girls ought to be the same at the end of each month, they judged that the boys already born would render more probable the births next of girls." In short, the expectant fathers feared that if more sons were born in the surrounding community, then they themselves would be more likely to have a daughter.

Some expectant parents believe that, after having multiple children of the same sex, they are "due" to have a child of the opposite sex. While the Trivers–Willard hypothesis predicts that birth sex is dependent on living conditions (i.e. more male children are born in "good" living conditions, while more female children are born in poorer living conditions), the probability of having a child of either sex is still generally regarded as near 50%.

Repentless

Repentless is the twelfth studio album by the American thrash metal band Slayer. It was released on September 11, 2015, and is the band's first album to be released on Nuclear Blast. It is also the first Slayer album to feature guitarist Gary Holt of Exodus and the first to feature drummer Paul Bostaph since 2001's "God Hates Us All".

The album made it to #4 on the Billboard 200, which was the highest charting album from the band in the United States. It also topped the chart in Germany and was featured in the top ten of almost twenty charts around the world. It got mixed to positive reviews from critics.

Slayer where asked in 2011 if they were going to make another album, which then-Slayer drummer Dave Lombardo replied that although nothing had been written yet, there were "definitely plans". In early 2011, guitarist Jeff Hanneman became ill with necrotizing fasciitis. Some said that he got the illness from a spider bite he claimed to have received while in a friend's hot tub. When asked about a new record, bassist Tom Araya stated that any work would have to wait until Hanneman had recovered.

On February 20, 2013, it was announced that Lombardo would not take part in Slayer's Australia tour because of contractual disputes, and he would be replaced by former drummer Jon Dette. Lombardo's permanent replacement was later announced to be Paul Bostaph, who was previously the band's drummer from 1992–2001, appearing on several albums.

On May 2, 2013, Jeff Hanneman died of liver failure in a Los Angeles hospital. A week later, it was announced that he died from an alcohol-related cirrhosis. Hanneman and his family had did not know how bad his condition was until shortly before his death. Kerry King later said that he wants the band to continue, but Araya was unsure. He said that, "After 30 years, it would literally be like starting over," and told about his doubts that Slayer's fanbase would approve of such a change. In March 2015, Araya revealed that the band had recorded one song before Hanneman died, and that the song will appear on the album.

Credits came from the album's notes.


Remi Sonaiya

Oluremi Comfort Sonaiya (born March 2, 1955), is a Nigerian politician, educationist and writer.

Sonaiya is notable for being Nigeria's first female presidential candidate. She contested the position in the 2015 general election under the platform of the KOWA Party.

Sonaiya was born in Ibadan, Oyo State, South-Western Nigeria where she had her early education. She is a graduate of French from Obafemi Awolowo University, Oyo State in 1977. She also holds a Master of Arts degree in French Literature and a Ph.D in Linguistics from Cornell University, U.S.A.

In 1982, she got employed as Assistant Lecturer in the Department of Foreign Languages, Obafemi Awolowo University before she rose to the position of Professor of French language and Applied Linguistics in 2004. 

At the 2015 presidential election where she received 13,076 votes and
finished in 12th place.

David Woodard

David James Woodard (; born April 6, 1964 in Santa Barbara, California) is an American postmodern writer and conductor, and a descendant of prominent colonial families. He invented the concept and portmanteau word prequiem, which designates a musical composition to be rendered as its beneficiary lay dying.

Woodard invented a fictional psychoactive machine called the Feraliminal Lycanthropizer. At the end of the 20th century he fabricated replicas of an actual psychoactive device called the Dreamachine.

Woodard is also known for his work with Nueva Germania, a settlement in Paraguay. His German book of correspondence "Five Years", coauthored by Swiss novelist Christian Kracht, describes some of the humanitarian work performed there.


Field artillery in the American Civil War

Field artillery in the American Civil War were cannon that could be moved around the battlefield or could travel with an army unit. Field artillery could only fight unlimbered (disconnected from the cart and horses that pulled it). The limber (or caisson) along with the team of six horses would be moved to a safe area nearby. Gun crews were organized into an artillery battery, six guns (later in the war, four) were deployed along a line about wide with the guns spaced about apart. 

At times the horses remained hitched to the limber or caisson so the battery could move quickly. An artillery crew was made up of eight highly trained men. An artillery battery had a total of between 70 and 100 soldiers. There were several types of field artillery used during the Civil War. These included the 6 pounder gun, 12 and the 24 pound Howitzer, the famous Model 1857 12-Pounder Napoleon Field Gun, the 3 inch Ordnance rifle and the 10 and 20 pound Parrott rifle. 

Most cannons were muzzleloading weapons. Cannon barrels were of two types. One was the older smoothbore cannons as used during the Mexican–American War. 

They usually had barrels made of bronze and fired round iron cannonballs. The newer type was the rifled cannon that were made of cast iron and wrought iron. They fired Bullet-shaped shells. Both guns and ammunition had a tendency to be unreliable and they were dangerous to shoot.

Before the outbreak of the American Civil War, the United States government did not encourage any new developments in ordnance. Most ordnance experts in the U.S. Ordnance Department were older military officers who believed what worked during the Mexican–American War would work now and did not need improving. Inventors had to go through years of field experiments and political red tape just to get their ideas introduced. Most used their own money and could lose all their money trying to introduce a new idea.

Early cannons were identified by the term "pounder" (abbreviated "pdr"). This referred to the weight of the cannonball the gun fired. For example, a 12 pounder fired a round solid piece of steel. In the 17th century, when howitzers were developed, the term pounder began to be used less and less although it was used through the Civil War. Smooth bores included both guns and howitzers. Both had shorter barrels and used a higher trajectory. Both were less accurate than rifled cannons. 

The Model 1857 12-pounder Napoleon with its green barrel made up 40% of the cannons on both sides. It was the most commonly used cannon. They were heavy at making them hard for the six-horse team to pull. The gun crew of the Napoleon was made up of six men. It could fire a ball, shell or canister shot out to a range of at a speed of 1,440 feet per second (or 439 meters per second). It used a charge of of black powder. The Union made 1,156 units while the Confederacy made 501. Because they did not have the manufacturing capacity of the North, Confederates attempted to capture as many Union-made Napoleon 12-pounders as they could. The Model 1857 was made to replace the Model 1841 6-pounder but both were used during the Civil War out of necessity.

For ranges of or less the most effective field piece was the Model 1842 12-pounder Howitzer. It weighed only and could easily be moved into position by hand. Its large shells gave it very good firepower but its short range (just over ) was less than that of the 6-pounder gun. They were easy targets for enemy artillery that usually had greater range. They were popular for close infantry support. At the Battle of Gettysburg, nine of these were supposed to accompany Pickett's Charge. Because of some confusion among the Confederate ranks regarding the orders and very accurate Union artillery fire, all nine were taken out of the battle before Pickett's men crossed the field. The smoothbore guns remained the most favored technology during the war. 

While used mostly by the Union army, rifled guns were still a new idea and were not very popular among artillery officers or field commanders. Rifled guns were designated by the diameter of the bore of the barrel in inches. In 1860, the Ordnance Board recommended that half of the existing bronze smoothbore cannons be rifled. But this weakened the cannons to the point they could not stand the strain of firing. So the experiment quickly ended. Ordinarily the barrels of smoothbore cannons only lasted about 500 rounds before having to be replaced. Rifled barrels proved to last much longer in field use. The British-made Armstrong and Whitworth guns were good weapons but there were not enough of them to have any major effect on the war. A problem with the rifled guns was they fired too far for the gunners to accurately see to range their targets. When artillery observers and balloons were used for artillery spotting, this increased the accuracy of the rifled guns. Training artillery crews in the use of rifled guns took longer and was more difficult. General George McClellan was among the Union officers who felt that the American terrain was not well suited for the very long range of these weapons. Jefferson Davis, the Confederate President was of the same opinion. All these factors contributed to the slow acceptance of rifled cannon.
The cannon called the 3-inch Ordnance Rifle (also called the 3-inch Wrought Iron Rifle) was an early favorite of the Ordnance Board due to its accuracy. These and other rifled guns were distinguished by their black barrels. About 1,000 were bought during the war. They were made by the Phoenix Iron Works of Phoenixville, Pennsylvania. They were made of wrought iron strips bent on a mandrel then welded together. They were then machined into their final shape. The early prototypes were fired 500 times with no signs of wear. It was accurate and reliable in battle. The Confederacy also produced a 3-inch Ordnance Rifle. But the use of low-grade iron ore and poorer rifling machinery made these guns less reliable.

Another popular rifled type were the Parrott rifles. The original 10-pound model had a bore of . This was changed to to standardize the round. They had cast iron barrels with a wrought iron reinforcement strip welded around the breech (rear of the cannon).

There were basically four types of artillery rounds used in the Civil War:

For the average artillery piece it took eight highly trained artillerymen to form a gun crew. Each member of the crew was cross-trained to do all the jobs required to operate a gun. If a crew member was killed or wounded, another member of the crew could take his place. Gun crews were among the best trained soldiers in either the Confederate or Union armies. They were also vulnerable. They had to see their target to hit it. If they could see their target, the enemy soldiers they were targeting could see them. 

For a gun crew to get off the maximum number of accurate rounds per minute, they used a system whereby each man had a number. His number indicated his main task:


Each gun or artillery piece had a sergeant who commanded the gun. 




Rebévelier

Rebévelier is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Reconvilier

Reconvilier is a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Pome

A pome is a type of fruit produced in plants of subtribe Malinae (in the tribe Maleae in the subfamily Amygdaloideae) in the family Rosaceae. Examples include pears and apples. They consist of carpels surrounded by accessory tissue.

Nera (Tiber)

The Nera () is a river in central Italy that starts in the Marche region but flows mainly through the Umbria region. It is the main tributary of the Tiber river.

The Nera river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Nera river starts in the "Monti Sibillini", within the Monti Sibillini National Park (), at an elevation of about ., in the "comune" of Castelsantangelo sul Nera, Province of Macerata, Marche.

The river flows through the "comuni" of Castelsantangelo sul Nera, Viso and Ussita in the Marche and then, after about , it flows in the Umbria. After flowing through the province of Perugia, it gets in the province of Terni and keeps flowing to the east and flows through the city of Terni.

After flowing through the city of Narni, it gets into the Lazio region (Province of Viterbo) and soon finally flows in the Tiber river as a left tributary near the city of Orte.

Only the tributaries coming from the left of the Nera are of some importance; those coming from the right are small streams.

Left tributaries:



Jacqueline Fernandez

Jacqueline Fernandez is a Sri Lankan actress, former model, and the winner of the 2006 Miss Universe Sri Lanka pageant.

Jacqueline Fernandez was born on 11 August 1985, in Manama, Bahrain,[5][6] and was raised in a multi-ethnic family. Her father, Elroy Fernandez, is a Sri Lankan Burgher, and her mother, Kim, is of Malaysian and Canadian descent.[7] Her maternal grandfather is Canadian and her great-grandparents were from Goa in India.[6] Her father, who was a musician in Sri Lanka, moved to Bahrain in the 1980s to escape civil unrest between the Sinhalese and Tamils and subsequently met her mother, who was an air hostess.[6] She is the youngest of four children with one elder sister and two elder brothers.[8][6] After receiving her early education in Bahrain at Sacred Heart School,[9][10][11] she studied mass communication at the University of Sydney in Australia.[12][13] After graduating she did a couple of television shows in Sri Lanka.[6] She also attended the Berlitz school of languages, where she learned Spanish and improved her French and Arabic.[14]

Jacqueline Fernandez was named after iconic U.S. First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. In an interview, Jacqueline revealed that her mother Kim was a huge admirer of Jackie Kennedy's style, intelligence and cultural contributions and decided to name her daughter after the iconic First Lady. 

Jacqueline said she feels deeply honored to share her name with someone her mother looked up to for her courage, intelligence and contributions to global culture. Growing up, she learned about Jackie Kennedy's influence and presence on the world stage.
According to Fernandez, she had aspired to become an actress at a young age and fantasized about becoming a Hollywood movie star.[15] She received some training at the John School of Acting.[14] Although, she was a television reporter, she accepted offers in the modeling industry, which came as a result of her pageant success. In 2006, she was crowned the winner of the Miss Universe Sri Lanka pageant and represented Sri Lanka at the world Miss Universe 2006 pageant held in Los Angeles.[16] In a 2015 interview, Fernandez described the modeling industry as "a good training ground" and said: "It is a medium that is about shedding your inhibitions, knowing your body, confidence".[17] In 2006, she appeared in a music video for the song "O Sathi" by music duo Bathiya and Santhush and young female singer Umaria Sinhawansa.[18]

John Abraham

John Abraham (born 17 December 1972), is an Indian film actor, producer and a former model who appears in Hindi films.

Abraham was born on 17 December 1972 into a family of mixed religious and ethnic heritage. His father is a Syrian Christian from Kerala and his mother is a Zoroastrian Irani. Abraham's Zoroastrian name is "Farhan", but he was baptised with the name "John." He has a younger brother named Alan Abraham. He considers himself a spiritual person but does not follow any particular religion. Abraham grew up in Mumbai and studied at the Bombay Scottish School in Mumbai, Maharashta. He attended Jai Hind College, University of Mumbai, and then got an MBA degree from Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies (NMIMS), Bombay. His cousin Susy Matthew is an author and has written novels like "Mahabharat".


Agadir

Agadir is a city in southwestern Morocco, located on the Atlantic coast in the region of Souss.

Cheap Thrills

"Cheap Thrills" is a song by Australian singer-songwriter Sia. It was recorded for her seventh studio album, "This Is Acting", after it was rejected by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. On February 11, 2016, the song was released as a remix with Jamaican recording artist Sean Paul.
The remix of the song has been very successful, reaching the top ten in Sia's country of Australia, the top two in the UK, and number one in Canada, most of mainland Europe, and the United States. "Cheap Thrills" became Sia's first "Billboard" Hot 100 number-one hit and Sean Paul's fourth. Sean Paul's last number-one U.S. song was "Temperature" in 2006. She never shows her face or even is in her music videos because of privacy.

The song reached number 11 on the year-end "Billboard" Hot 100 of 2016. It was certified double-Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.

The remix was nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 2017 (59th) Grammy Awards.

Merced, California

Merced is a city in Merced County, California, United States. As of 2020, 86,333 people lived there. Merced is the county seat of Merced County in the San Joaquin Valley of California. Merced has the first research university built in the 21st century, University of California, Merced. UC Merced is the newest school in the University of California system.

Merced runs off of the Council-Manager form of government.

The unemployment rate in Merced as of June 2014 is 14.10%. The average per capita income in Merced is $17,331 while the median household income is $38,253. Sales tax in Merced is 8% while the income tax is 6%.

Slaughterhouse-Five

Slaughterhouse-Five is a science fiction book by American author Kurt Vonnegut. It has been popular all over the world since its was published in 1969. It is often picked as one of the best books of all time. Slaughterhouse 5 is about a time travelling American soldier during World War II who is in the German city of Dresden when it is bombed by the Allies. The author experienced this event in his real life and so the novel is semi autobiographical.

The novel follows the story of American soldier, Billy Pilgrim. Billy is what is known in literature as an "unreliable narrator" - his experiences are written in a way that might make the reader think they are not exactly true. To reflect this, the novel is structured in a non linear fashion. This means events are not always written in the order that they happened. Billy's stories from the war are interrupted when he is taken by aliens (called Tralfamadorians) to live in a zoo on their home planet. He also becomes "unstuck in time" and experiences his life in a random order of flashbacks. 

Antofagasta Region

The II Antofagasta Region () is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions. It is the second-largest region of Chile. To the east it borders Bolivia and Argentina.

The capital of the region is the port city of Antofagasta.

The area away from the coast was populated by the Atacama people around the great dry salt lake called Salar de Atacama, the river basin of the Loa and valleys and oasis across the altiplano, with the most important settlement being the town of San Pedro de Atacama.

The region used to be Bolivian until the War of the Pacific started in 1879.

The Antofagasta region borders the Tarapacá region to the north, Bolivia to the northeast, Argentina to the southeast, the Atacama region to the south and the Pacific Ocean to the west.

The Llullaillaco volcano is the region's highest elevation at ; it is on the border with Argentina.

The only river of the region is the Loa river, the longest river of Chile, with a length of .

The climate of the region is extremely arid (a desert climate) but somewhat milder near the coast and the highest mountains.

The three types of desert climate in the region are, (with the Köppen climate classification)

Nearly all of the region does not have any vegetation except close to the Loa river or at oases such as San Pedro de Atacama.

, there were (estimated) 622,640 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest cities (2002 census) of the region are the capitals of the three provincesː Antofagasta (285,255 inhabitants), Calama (126,135 inhabitants) and Tocopilla (23,352 inhabitants).

The Antofagasta region is divided in three provincesː



Levi's Stadium

Levi's Stadium is a stadium in Santa Clara, California. The San Francisco 49ers play there.
A year after the stadium opened, Super Bowl 50 was held there. After the 2019 San Francisco 49ers season (2019 season), the stadium held its first playoff game on against the Minnesota Vikings, and the first NFC Championship game against the Green Bay Packers. The 49ers won both games.

The stadium hosted the 2019 College Football Playoff National Championship, in which the Clemson Tigers defeated the Alabama Crimson Tide, 44-16.

The stadium's construction was completed on July 17, 2014. There are 174 executive suites. The capacity is 68,500, which is expandable to 75,000. The cost of the stadium's construction was $1.27 billion. The first match held in the stadium was an MLS league match between the San Jose Earthquakes and the Seattle Sounders (1-0) on August 2nd 2014. On September 14, 2014, the 49ers played their first game at the stadium against the Chicago Bears, but lost 20-28.

Gunmetal

Gunmetal, or red brass in the United States, is a metal alloy. It is a type of bronze – an alloy of copper, tin and zinc. 

Proportions of its metals vary. 88% copper, 8-10% tin and 2-4% zinc is usual. 

Originally it was used for making cannons. Guns are now made of steel. Gunmetal is easy to cast and work on a lathe. It resists corrosion from steam and salt water. It is used to make steam and hydraulic castings, valves, gears, statues, and various small objects such as buttons. 

GNK Dinamo Zagreb

GNK Dinamo Zagreb is a football club which plays in Croatia.



FC Astana

Football Club Astana (Kazakh: «Астана» футбол клубы; usually just called FC Astana or simply Astana) is a professional association football club from Astana, Kazakhstan. They currently play in the Kazakhstan Premier League. They were founded as Lokomotiv Astana in 2009 from football clubs Almaty: Megasport and Alma-Ata, the club changed its name to Astana in 2011. 

Their short history already included two league titles, two Kazakhstan Cups and two Kazakhstan Super Cups. In 2015, Astana qualified to the UEFA Champions League group stage, becoming the first Kazakh team to do so.



Ashdod

Ashdod (Hebrew: אַשְׁדּוֹד; Arabic: اشدود‎‎, إسدود) is the sixth-largest city in Israel. Ashdod is Israel's largest port, since about 60% of the country's imported goods come through the city.

Ashdod has a Mediterranean climate with hot summers, pleasant spring and fall, and cool, rainy winters. The humidity is usually high many times year round, and rain occurs mainly from November to March. 

Ashdod had a population of about 220,000 in 2015, making it the sixth-largest city in Israel. The ratio of women to men is about 1.05 to 1.00. Also, 19.7% of the population was under the age of 10, 15.7% from age 10 to 19, 14.9% from 20 to 29, 19.1% from 30 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% were 65 or older. The population of Ashdod is a lot younger than the Israeli average because there are a lot of young couples in the city.

Over 95% of Ashdod's population is Jewish, even though only about 30% follow their religion. The city is also home to the world's largest Karaite community, with about five thousand members.



The end justifies the means

The end justifies the means is a paraphrase of Niccolò Machiavelli. It means that if a goal is morally important enough, any method of getting it is acceptable. The idea is ancient, but it was not meant to justify unnecessary cruelty. It was part of a political philosophy called consequentialism. The basic idea is that a policy can be judged by its outcome. All modern versions of consequentialism have to deal with the limitations necessary to prevent tyrants abusing this idea.

Political philosophy

Political philosophy is the study of politics, liberty, justice, property, and rights. Also the law, and its enforcement (a legal code) by authority. It concerns not the details, but the basic principles, reasons and arguments.

Topics studied include the purpose of government, what rights and freedoms it should protect, what form it should take, and what the law is. Also, what duties citizens owe to a legitimate government, and when it may be legitimately overthrown, if ever.

Political philosophy is a philosophical back-up to political science, which is the social science study of politics.

Courtelary District

The district of Courtelary in the Swiss canton of Bern has 18 municipalities in an area of 266 km²:

Reichenbach im Kandertal

Reichenbach im Kandertal is a municipality in the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Reisiswil

Reisiswil is a municipality of the administrative district Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Renan, Switzerland

Renan is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Model 1857 12-Pounder Napoleon Field Gun

The Model 1857 12-Pounder Napoleon Field Gun, officially called the “light 12-pounder gun” by the United States Army, was the most popular smoothbore cannon used during the American Civil War. The cannon was named after French president and emperor, Napoleon III, nephew of Napoleon Bonaparte.

The French "Canon obusier de campagne de 12 cm, modèle 1853", also known as the "Canon de l’Empereur", was a type of canon-obusier (shell cannon) or gun-howitzer developed in 1853 by the French army. It could fire ball, shell, canister or grapeshot which allowed it to replace all the earlier French cannons. It was of a cast bronze smoothbore design and could double as a howitzer. It was light enough to be pulled by a team of horses. At the same time it had enough firepower to destroy fortifications at a distance of a half-mile (805 meters). When it entered the service of Emperor Napoléon III it was named after him.

In 1857 the design was adopted by the U.S. Army as the light 12-pounder M1857. The Union made 1,156 units while the Confederacy made 501. Because they did not have the manufacturing capacity of the North, Confederates attempted to capture as many Union-made Napoleon 12-pounders as they could. The Confederate army also developed their own version. In 1863, General Robert E. Lee was so impressed by the M1857 that he had all six-pounders in the Army of Northern Virginia gathered up and sent to Richmond to be melted down and re-cast into 12-pounders. The Confederates kept producing 12-pounder Napoleons until the Union army captured the Ducktown copper mines near Chattanooga, Tennessee. This reduced Confederates bronze production. After that Confederate 1857s were cast of iron.

When first model 1857s were cast in Northern foundries they had two handles or "dolphins". After 1861 the dolphins were eliminated, the barrel was shortened from the French version, and it was made lighter. Like most cannons in use at the time, they were muzzleloading weapons. The Model 1857 12-pounder Napoleon with its bronze barrel made up 40% of the cannons on both sides. The U.S. version of the Napoleon could hit a target up to away. However they were most accurate at closer ranges of about . It used a charge of of black powder. The M1857 Napoleon fired a cannonball or canister shot at a speed of 1,440 feet per second (or 439 meters per second). The barrel had a bore of in diameter and was long. The barrel alone weighed . With its gun carriage it weighed and was pulled by a team of six horses. The average gun crew was six men.

Reutigen

Reutigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Riggisberg

Riggisberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On January 1, 2009, the municipality of Rüti bei Riggisberg became part of the municipality of Riggisberg. On 1 January 2021, Rümligen became a part of Riggisberg.

Ringgenberg

Ringgenberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Ringgenberg is on Lake Brienz.


Roches, Switzerland

Roches is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Rohrbach, Switzerland

Rohrbach is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the Swiss canton of Bern.


Rohrbachgraben

Rohrbachgraben is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Glasbach, Liemberg, Ganzenberg, Flückigen, Kaltenegg, Matten, Wald and Wil.


Romont, Bern

Romont is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Loa River

The Loa is a U-shaped river in Chile's northern Antofagasta region. It is the longest river of the country and the main river in the Atacama Desert.

The Loa river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Loa river starts on the Andean mountain slopes at the base of the Miño volcano near the Bolivian border, at an elevation of about , in the "comuna" of Ollagüe, Calama, Antofagasta.

The river flows south, for about , to the oasis of San Francisco de Chiu Chiu or simply "Chiu Chiu". Two left tributaries joints the Lao river in this part the riverː 

From Chiu Chiu, the Loa flows to the west, running through the city of Calama. The San Salvador river joints the Loa in this part of course as its only important right tributary.

Then the Loa flows north for about to Quillagua, an oasis in the "comuna" of María Elena, Tocopilla province in the Antofagasta region of northern Chile. The Loa is crossed by the Pan-American Highway in this area.

From Quillagua, the river turns westward again and marks the border between the regions of Tarapacá and Antofagasta. Finally, the Loa flows in the Pacific Ocean.

Because the Loa river flows throug a very arid region, a desert, there are very few permanent tributaries; they areː




Rajesh Hamal

Rajesh Hamal (, born 9 June 1964 in Tansen, Palpa, Nepal) is a Nepali actor. He is known for his Nepali films.

Sarlahi

Sarlahi (), a part of Madhesh Province, is one of the seventy-seven districts of Nepal.

Nepal Standard Time

Nepal Standard Time (NPT) is the time zone for Nepal. With a time offset from Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) of , all over Nepal Standard Time is one of only three time zones with a 45-minute offset from
UTC. (The others are Chatham Island Standard Time, with an offset of , and the
unofficial Australian Central Western Time, with an offset of .) NPT is an approximation of Kathmandu mean time, which is 5:41:16 ahead of
UTC. 

Erlach District

The district of Erlach in the Swiss canton of Bern has 12 municipalities in an area of 84.7 km².

Fraubrunnen District

The district of Fraubrunnen in the Swiss canton of Bern has 27 municipalities in an area of 123.5 km².

Gamboma

Gamboma is a town of the Republic of the Congo, located on the center in the Plateaux departement. It has an military airport, a diocese and a stadium.

It is located 273 km from Brazzaville, the capital of the country and founded in 1909.

Frutigen District

The district of Frutigen in the Swiss canton of Bern has 7 municipalities in an area of 489 km².

Djambala

Djambala is a town of the Republic of the Congo, located on the center in the Plateaux departement. It has an national airport, a diocese and a stadium.

Ewo

Ewo is a town of the Republic of the Congo, located on the west in the Cuvette-Ouest departement. It has an national airport, a diocese and a stadium.

Impfondo

Impfondo is a town of the Republic of the Congo, located on the center in the Likouala Region. It has an national airport, a diocese and a stadium.

Jenny von Westphalen

Freiin Johanna Bertha Julie Jenny von Westphalen or better known as Jenny von Westphalen or also Jenny Marx (born 12 February 1814 in Salzwedel, now Germany, and died 2 December 1881 in London) was the wife of philosopher Karl Marx, and daughter of Baron Ludwig von Westphalen, a professor at Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität in Berlin.



Röthenbach bei Herzogenbuchsee

Röthenbach bei Herzogenbuchsee was a municipality in Wangen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, Wanzwil and Röthenbach bei Herzogenbuchsee became part of Heimenhausen.

Röthenbach im Emmental

Röthenbach im Emmental is a municipality in the administrative district Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Rubigen

Rubigen is a municipality of the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Rüderswil

Rüderswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Rüdtligen-Alchenflüh

Rüdtligen-Alchenflüh is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Smoothbore

A smoothbore weapon is one that has a barrel without rifling. Smoothbores range from handheld firearms to powerful tank guns and large artillery mortars. The majority of shotguns are smoothbores and the terms "shotgun" and "smoothbore" can be synonymous.

The earliest mention of a smoothbore weapon was about the year 1000 in Dunhuang. The weapon was called a fire lance. The basic parts that make up a gun are a barrel, a charge and a projectile. The gun must also have a way to ignite the black powder charge. The earliest guns were made of bamboo, later replaced with metal barrels. The first mass produced guns were the matchlocks.

The classic European matchlock gun was a smoothbore weapon that held a burning slow match in a clamp at the end of a small curved lever called a "serpentine". When the lever (or in later models a trigger) was pulled, it lowered the smoldering match into the flash pan. This ignited the priming powder. The flash from the primer travelled through the touch hole igniting the main charge of propellant in the gun barrel. 
One problem with the matchlock was that the match had to be constantly lit. The match was soaked in potassium nitrate to keep the match lit for longer periods of time. If the match was not lit when the gun needed to be fired, the mechanism was useless. This was a real problem in wet weather. Another drawback was the burning match itself. At night, the match would glow in the darkness showing the matchlock holder's position. The smell of burning match-cord also gave away a musketeer's position. The main advantage of the matchlock was that it allowed the shooter to hold the weapon at eye level so as to better aim the weapon.

After about 200 years, the next major development was the flintlock. It used a flint striking mechanism. Another improvement replaced the flashpan with a smaller “priming pan” that held a smaller amount of black powder. It also contained an opening into the breach to ignite the main powder charge. A small piece of steel (called a “frizzen”) was mounted to the top of the priming pan. When the trigger was pulled the mechanism created a spark igniting the powder in barrel. When the powder and ball were loaded into the barrel, it was then tamped (pushed) down with the ramrod. The hammer was pulled back to the first click, called "half-cocked". To make the weapon ready to fire, the hammer was pulled back to the "full-cocked" position. When the trigger was pulled, a spring caused the hammer to fall igniting the charge. Flintlocks were the main firearm for the next 200 to 300 years before being replaced by percussion cap guns.

The percussion cap mechanism was the next great improvement in firearms. It was also called a caplock. The percussion cap was based on the discovery of fulminate of mercury in about 1800. When struck with a sharp blow, mercury fulminate detonates. In 1816, Joshua Shaw, an artist living in Philadelphia, painted fulminate of mercury on the inside of copper caps. He fitted it over a small nipple on the firing hole over the bore. When the hammer struck the percussion cap, the gun fired. By 1826 they were widely used and had replaced the flintlock.

The percussion cap eliminated the flash pan, flint and frizzen. It added the step of placing a cap on the nipple cone, but it was a real advantage to troops in battle. Percussion caps were quick to load and worked in nearly all weather conditions.

Crude cannons existed in China from about the 12th century, possibly earlier. One of the first weapons used in Europe was the bombard. They were built in different diameter barrels to fire anything from a small rock to a cast iron ball. By the 16th century cannons began to replace bombards. Casting had greatly improved in Europe after about 1570. In the early 1500s, French cannons were used to break up masses of men in their campaigns in Italy. The Germans had some of the best gunners in Europe and developed cannon that could hit targets at up to . Next, the Swedish under Gustavus Adolphus developed lightweight cannons that could easily move around the battlefield. He used a cast 4-pounder that weighed about and could be pulled by just two horses.

In 1742, Englishman Benjamin Robins wrote "New Principles of Gunnery" where he added science to the field of ballistics. He developed carronades which were short, lightweight smoothbore cannons that could be used on the decks of ships. During the American Revolutionary War, the British had a number of different cannons as well as mortars. Many of the American weapons were captured British cannon.

In 1853 France introduced the Canon-obusier de 12, a 12-pounder capable of firing both shot and shell. The U.S. Army adopted the Napoleon 12-pounder in 1857 as the Model 1857 12-Pounder Napoleon Field Gun. It became the most popular field gun on both sides during the American Civil War. They were ultimately replaced by rifled barrel cannons beginning after the Civil War.


Rüeggisberg

Rüeggisberg is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

The municipality is on a plateau along the southern flank of the Längenberg.

Rüegsau

Rüegsau is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Rumendingen

Rumendingen is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Rumisberg

Rumisberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Rümligen

Rümligen was a municipality in Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Rümligen became a part of Riggisberg.

Muzzleloader

A muzzleloader is any firearm where the projectile and usually the propellant charge is loaded from the muzzle of the gun. This is distinct from the more popular modern designs of breech-loading firearms. The term "muzzleloader" may also apply to the marksman who shoot muzzleloading firearms. The term of art includes rifled muzzleloaders and smoothbore muzzleloaders. There are several different calibers of muzzleloading firearms. Modern muzzleloading firearms a variety of firing mechanisms. These include sidelock, flintlock and percussion models of the Pennsylvania rifle (after the early 1800s called the Kentucky rifle). Muzzleloading can apply to anything from cannons to pistols. But in modern use the term most commonly applies to black powder small arms. It usually, but not always, involves the use of a loose propellant (like gunpowder) and a projectile, as well as a separate method of ignition or priming.

Some of the earliest muzzleloaders were matchlocks. The matchlock, named for its firing mechanism, was the first invention that made it possible to keep both hands on the weapon and at the same time keep the shooter's eyes on the target. The design allowed a cloth or stick with a flame on the end—called a "match"—to be lowered into a "flashpan" filled with gunpowder which ignited the main charge, firing the gun. Matchlocks appeared in Europe in about 1400. The matchlock mechanism was used to produce muskets. The gun barrels were smooth inside and used round ball ammunition. Those who used muskets were called "musketeers". Very few pistols used this design but some shotguns from this period were matchlocks.
In about 1509 the wheellock was the next advance in muzzleloader technology. It did not have a match to keep lit and generated a spark mechanically with a wheel mechanism. But they were expensive to produce and cheaper (by half) so matchlocks remained in use.

It took another 200 years to improve on the matchlock. Marin le Bourgeoys, a Frenchman is credited with inventing the Flintlock mechanism sometime in the 1620s. He was variously an artist, a crossbow maker and a gunsmith ("harquebuzier"). From 1660 to 1840, flintlock muzzleloading rifles and pistols were used by every European and American army. It produced a spark by a flint striking steel producing a spark and igniting the priming powder. By covering the priming powder until the gun was fired, it would usually work even in windy or damp weather. In 1722, the British Army called for a standard pattern of muzzleloading flintlock musket. The resulting model and its variants were called the Brown Bess. It remained in service until the 1830s.
The percussion cap mechanism was the next great improvement in firearms. It was also called a caplock. The percussion cap was based on the discovery of fulminate of mercury in about 1800. When struck with a sharp blow, mercury fulminate detonates. In 1816, Joshua Shaw, an artist living in Philadelphia, painted fulminate of mercury on the inside of copper caps. He fitted it over a small nipple on the firing hole over the bore. When the hammer struck the percussion cap, the gun fired. By 1826 they were widely used and had replaced the flintlock.

The percussion cap eliminated the flash pan, flint and frizzen. It added the step of placing a cap on the nipple cone, but it was a real advantage to troops in battle. Percussion caps were quick to load and worked in nearly all weather conditions.

In 1869, the centerfire cartridge was invented. It worked only in breech-loading weapons and together they quickly replaced the muzzleloader in common use.
Modern mortars use a shell with the propelling charge and primer attached at the base. Unlike older muzzleloading mortars, which were loaded the same way as muzzleloading cannon, the modern mortar is fired by dropping the shell down the barrel. A pin at the bottom fires the primer, which then ignites the main propelling charge. Both the modern mortar and the older mortar were used for high angle fire. However, since the mortar is not loaded in separate steps makes its definition as a muzzleloader a matter of opinion. However, in the simplest terms it does load from the muzzle end.

Crude muzzleloading cannons existed in China from about the 12th century, possibly earlier. One of the first weapons used in Europe was the bombard. They were muzzleloaders built in different diameter barrels to fire anything from a small rock to a cast iron ball. By the 16th century muzzleloading cannons began to replace bombards. Casting had greatly improved in Europe after about 1570. In the early 1500s, French cannons were used to break up masses of men in their campaigns in Italy. The Germans had some of the best gunners in Europe and developed cannon that could hit targets at up to . Next, the Swedish under Gustavus Adolphus developed lightweight cannons that could easily move around the battlefield. He used a cast 4-pounder that weighed about and could be pulled by just two horses.

In 1742, Englishman Benjamin Robins wrote "New Principles of Gunnery" where he added science to the field of ballistics. He developed carronades which were short, lightweight muzzleloading smoothbore cannons that could be used on the decks of ships. During the American Revolutionary War, the British had a number of different cannons as well as mortars. Many of the American weapons were captured British cannon.

In 1853 France introduced the "Canon-obusier de 12", a 12-pounder capable of firing both shot and shell also called a "Napoleon". The U.S. Army adopted the Napoleon 12-pounder in 1857 as the Model 1857 12-Pounder Napoleon Field Gun. It became the most popular field gun on both sides during the American Civil War. They were ultimately replaced by breach-loading cannons after the Civil War.


The Charge of the Light Brigade (poem)

"The Charge of the Light Brigade" is a poem written in 1854 by Alfred, Lord Tennyson. It is about a British brigade in the Battle of Balaclava in the Crimean War.


Blowback

Blowback is a system of operation for self-loading firearms that obtains energy from the motion of the cartridge case as it is pushed to the rear by expanding gases created by the ignition of the propellant charge.

Several blowback systems exist, distinguished by the methods used to control bolt movement. In most actions that use blowback operation, the breech is not locked mechanically at the time of firing: the inertia of the bolt and recoil spring(s), relative to the weight of the bullet, delays opening of the breech until the bullet has left the barrel. A few locked breech designs use a form of blowback (example: primer actuation) to perform the unlocking function.

Other operating principles for self-loading firearms include blow forward, gas operation, recoil operation, revolver, Gatling, and chain. The blowback principle may be considered a simplified form of gas operation, since the cartridge case behaves like a piston driven by the powder gases.

Simple blowback operation is where the recoil of the cartridge moves the bolt rearwards to load the next round. This operation is found in automatic pistols and submachine guns and firearms chambered in lower pressure rounds. The rifle rounds which have higher pressures are usually deemed unsuitable for simple blowback operation. However, there is Delayed Blowback where the chamber is locked until the pressures drop to a safe level to reload.

Delayed blowback is similar to simple blowback but is capable of handling the pressures of rifle rounds. It uses an operation that delays the opening of the bolt when firing.

Lever delayed blowback is where the bolt has a lever that slows the opening of the bolt but accelerates the bolt carrier, the bolt then also accelerates with the bolt carrier. The AA52 machine gun and the FAMAS use this operation.

Roller delayed blowback is where the bolt has two rollers that pop out both sides of the bolt to lock the chamber. The Sturmgewehr 45 assault rifle, Heckler & Koch MP5 and Calico submachine gun uses this operation.

Primer actuated blowback is when the round is fired, the primer moves the firing pin rearwards to unlock the bolt. The Garand Model 1919 and Postnikov APT use this operation.


Llullaillaco

Llullaillaco is a stratovolcano in the Andes range, in Argentina and Chile. It is the 7th highest mountain in the Andes.

It lies in the Puna de Atacama, a region of very high volcanic peaks on a high plateau within the Atacama Desert, one of the driest places in the world.

The first recorded ascent was on 1 December 1952, by Bión González and Juan Harseim, from Chile. They found archaeological evidence that people were at the top of Llullaillaco in the pre-Columbian period.

During 1983–1985, American archaeologist Johan Reinhard directed three surveys of archaeological sites on the summit and slopes of the mountain.

The summit is the highest archaeological site in the world. The mummies of three Inca children were found on it in 1999. These were found by Johan Reinhard and Constanza Ceruti and their expedition. Other artifacts were also found along with the mummies. It is believed that the children were part of a human sacrifice.

The volcano is in the Chile-Argentina boder and is part, on the Chilean part, of the Llullaillaco National Park ().

The Llullaillaco is a stratovolcano. There were eruptions in 1854, 1866 and 1877. Since then, no volcanic activity has been recorded. It is the world´s second highest active volcano, second to "Ojos del Salado".

It is an ultra-prominent peak, or Ultra for short, because it has as a summit with a topographic prominence of or more.



List of Nepalese actors

This is a list of Nepali actors.





Antofagasta Province

The Province of Antofagasta () is one of three provinces in the northern Chilean region of Antofagasta (II). The capital is the port city of Antofagasta.

The Antofagasta province has an area of .

The Antofagasta province is bordered on the north by the Tocopilla and El Loa provinces, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Atacama region (Chañaral province) and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 318,779 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Antofagasta, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 285,255 inhabitants.

As a province, the Antofagasta province is a second-level administrative division, consisting of four communes ("comunas"). The city of Antofagasta serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


El Loa

The Province of El Loa () is one of three provinces of the northern Chilean region of Antofagasta (II). It is named after the longest river of Chile, the Loa. The provincial capital is Calama.

The El Loa province has an area of .

The province is bordered on the north by the Tarapacá region, on the east by Bolivia, on the south by Argentina and on the west by the Antofagasta and the Tocopilla provinces.

 (last national census), there were 143,689 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Calama, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 126,135 inhabitants.

As a province, the El Loa province is a second-level administrative division, consisting of three communes ("comunas"). The city of Calama serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Bill Burr

William Frederick Burr (born June 10, 1968) is an American stand-up comedian, writer and actor. He is the host of the "Monday Morning Podcast", and appeared in the AMC crime-drama show "Breaking Bad". In 2013, "The New York Times" wrote that Burr "has been one of the funniest, most distinctive voices in the country for years. He has released six stand-up specials.

Burr was born in Canton, Massachusetts. His parents are of German and Irish ancestry. His father worked as a dentist. He married producer, director and screenwriter Nia Hill in 2013. Their daughter was born in 2017. As of May 2015, Burr is a licensed helicopter pilot and he has played the drums for a long time.

"Rolling Stone" magazine called Burr "the undisputed heavyweight champ of rage-fueled humor." Burr often makes himself look like "that loud guy in the bar" with "uninformed logic." In an interview with the "The Boston Globe", Burr stated, "I'm the 'dude, bro' guy." He has also been known to not care about being politically correct."



Asprovalta

Asprovalta () is a town near Thessaloniki in northern Greece. It was the seat of the Agios Georgios municipality. Since January 2011, Asprovalta belongs to the Municipality of Volvi. The population is around 3,039 people.

According to a book about Simonopetra, Asprovalta was built in the 16th century. Its first name was Aspra Valta. After the Greco-Turkish War, 54 families from western Turkey moved to Asprovalta.

Elizabeth Lada

Elizabeth Lada (born 19??) is an American astronomer. 

The American Astronomical Society honored her work by awarding her the Annie Jump Cannon Award in Astronomy Prize in 1992. She also was named as a Hubble Fellow during her work at the University of Maryland. She was awarded a National Science Foundation's CAREER Award in 1999. In 1998 she received a Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE). Lada got her Bachelor of Science in Physics degree at Yale University in 1965. She did her Ph.D. in Astronomy at the University of Texas in 1990. Lada is currently Professor of Astronomy at the University of Florida.

Meessen De Clercq

Meessen De Clercq is a contemporary art gallery in Brussels, Belgium. The gallery is in an old building with three floors.
In 2007, art historian Olivier Meessen and art lover Jan De Clercq began to work to start a contemporary art gallery in Brussels. In April 2008 the gallery opened, with a group show of works by seven artists. After this first show, the gallery closed to rebuild it. From September 2008 the gallery re-opened with group and solo shows by both older and new artists.

Artists who show their work include: 



Ruppoldsried

Ruppoldsried was a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Ruppoldsried merged into the municipality of Rapperswil.

Rüschegg

Rüschegg is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is also a Swiss Reformed Church parish.


Rüti bei Büren

Rüti bei Büren is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Rüti bei Lyssach

Rüti bei Lyssach is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Rüti bei Riggisberg

Rüti bei Riggisberg was a municipality in the district of Seftigen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipality of Rüti bei Riggisberg merged into the municipality of Riggisberg.

Rütschelen

Rütschelen is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Saanen

Saanen () is a municipality and ski resort in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is the capital of the administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen.


Ignasi Aballí

Ignasi Aballí (born in 1958) is a Spanish artist. He is one of Spain's well known artists.

Aballí tried some ways to make his art. He has done art shows in Italy and Australia. In 2015, he showed his work in France. Aballí won an award called the Joan Miró prize in 2015.

2016

2015

2014

2013

2012

2011

2010 

2009

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

2000


Gstaad

Gstaad is a village in the municipality of Saanen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. It is known as a ski resort.


Chevron (geology)

A chevron in geology is a sharply-folded rock formation. Chevron folds are regular folded beds with straight limbs and sharp hinges. Well developed, these folds produce a set of v-shaped beds. 

They develop in response to compressive stress. The angles of the folds are generally 60 degrees or less. Chevron folding is helped if the bedding alternates between beds of different make-up. Turbidites, with alternating sandstones and shales, are the typical geological setting for chevron folds to occurs.

Chevrons can also form in land deposits, especially where there are sand dunes.

Meteorite strewnfield

A meteorite strewnfield is the area where meteorites and glassy tektites from a single meteor fall are found.

There are two ways for strewnfields to form:


Rifling

Rifling consists of spiral grooves cut into the inside of a barrel of a gun. It causes the bullet or projectile to spin as it flies through the air. This greatly improves the accuracy of the bullet over longer distances. The first muskets to use this technology were called rifles. Barrels are rifled using a left or right twist. The number of turns per inch is called the "twist rate". These are expressed as a ratio. For example, a 1:7 twist means the bullet will turn once for each seven inches of barrel length. As a general rule, the heavier the bullet, the higher the twist rate.

Gaspard Kollner, a 15th century gunmaker in Vienna, is thought by many to have invented rifling. Others think it was Augustus Kotter of Nuremberg who invented rifling in about 1520. At about that same time some crossbows fired a bolt (short heavy arrow) through a tube with spiral grooving. This gave the bolt more stability in flight. Whether these were used before rifling in gun barrels is not certain. 

The "hand cannon" was first used in China in 1288. From this early beginning and a number of different guns, the smoothbore Musket was in use in Europe by the 15th century. While it could not fire and reload as fast as an archer and could not be reloaded on horseback, it could penetrate armor. Its greatest advantage over the bow was that anyone could learn to fire a musket in a very short period of time. It took much longer to properly train an archer. The British army used the musket along with pikemen until about 1705 when the pikes were abandoned. In 1722 the army adopted a standard musket called the Brown Bess and continued to use it until about the 1830s. Muskets used a round cast ball that was smaller in diameter than the gun barrel. As a consequence, when the musket was fired, the ball bounced along the inside the barrel. When it exited the barrel it could take a variety of paths making the musket inaccurate. So soldiers were massed together very closely and fired in volly (all at the same time). This sent bullets flying generally in the direction of the enemy on the theory that at least some of the bullets would hit some of the soldiers. The smoke from repeated vollies prevented soldiers from seeing what they were shooting at. In the heat of battle, soldiers who wanted reload and fire faster sometimes omitted ramming the bullet and powder into the barrel with the ramrod. Instead, they would try to seat the ball by sharply hitting the butt of the musket on the ground. This reduced the effectiveness even more. Sometimes the bullet would do little more than dribble out of the barrel and travel only a short distance.

The use of rifled muskets called rifles, changed this. During the American Revolutionary War Americans used muskets. But they also had marksmen who used their Kentucky rifles. The longer barrel was rifled for accuracy at a long range. American riflemen began targeting British officers in battle instead of just individual soldiers. The British command despised the tactic calling it “unsportsmanlike”. But the Americans continued the practice up to the end of the war.

In 1849, a French army officer, Claude-Étienne Minié, invented a bullet with a hollow base named for him called the Minié ball. When fired, the bullet expanded to fit the rifling inside the gun barrel. This gave it even greater accuracy over a longer distance. The British used it in the Crimean War against Russian forces with tremendous success. At the time of the American Civil War, both the Union and the Confederate armies were using smoothbore muskets out of necessity. But soon rifled muskets using the Minié ball replaced the smoothbore muskets. The effects were to devastate the opposing army at much longer distances.

Most firearms produced today use a rifled barrel. There are basically three machining processes used to produce rifled barrels.




Interlaken District

The district of Interlaken in the Swiss canton of Bern has 23 municipalities in an area of 724 km².


Tocopilla Province

The Province of Tocopilla () is one of three provinces of the northern Chilean region of Antofagasta (II). The provincial capital is Tocopilla.
The Tocopilla province has an area of .

The province is bordered on the north by the Tarapacá region, on the east by the El Loa province, on the south by the Antofagasta province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 31,516 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Tocopilla, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 23,352 inhabitants.

As a province, the Tocopilla province is a second-level administrative division, consisting of two communes ("comunas"). The city of Tocopilla serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Konolfingen District

The district of Konolfingen in the Swiss canton of Bern has 29 municipalities in an area of 214 km².


Laupen District

The district of Laupen in the Swiss canton of Bern has 11 municipalities in an area of 88 km².

Moutier District

The district of Moutier in the Swiss canton of Bern has 26 municipalities in an area of 216 km².

La Neuveville District

The district of La Neuveville in the Swiss canton of Bern has 5 municipalities in an area of 59 km².

Nidau District

The district of Nidau in the Swiss canton of Bern has 25 municipalities in an area of 88 km².

List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network

This is a list of television programs broadcast on Cartoon Network.

See also: List of programs broadcast by Cartoonito

An asterisk (*) indicates that the program initially aired as a Cartoon Network program.


General

Specific

Frederick McDonald

Frederick Albert McDonald (c. 1872? April 1926) was an Australian politician and possible murder victim.

McDonald studied at the University of Sydney. He became a teacher, and rose to become President of the Teachers Federation of New South Wales. In 1922 he stood for election to the Australian House of Representatives, and won the new seat of Barton for the Labor Party. His main opponent was Hector Lamond, who had been the Nationalist member for the abolished seat of Illawarra.

In the 1925 election, McDonald was narrowly defeated by Nationalist candidate Thomas Ley. McDonald took the result to court, claiming that Ley had tried to bribe him, asking him not to put in his nomination papers. However, on 15 April 1926 McDonald disappeared on his way to a meeting with New South Wales Premier Jack Lang. They were planning to have the election result declared void. Neither McDonald's body nor his brief case were ever found. 

Thomas Ley was found guilty of murder in England, but it was decided he was insane. He was sent to Broadmoor Hospital, where he died. It is believed that Ley was responsible for McDonald's disappearance. He is also suspected of being involved in the suspicious deaths of other of his political opponents.

Aster Yohannes

Aster Yohannes is the wife of an Eritrean political activist. In 2016, Samantha Power, the U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., named her one of twenty women political prisoners in the Free the 20 campaign.

Yohannes' husband, Petros Solomon, is a member of the G-15, a group of politicians who called for reforms. He was arrested in 2001. Yohannes was arrested in 2003, when she returned from the United States. She was never accused of a crime or tried in a court. No one knows where she is.

Aster Yohannes and Petros Solomon fought for the Eritrean People's Liberation Front. They helped Eritrea get independence from Ethiopia in 1993. Solomon was the Minister of Marine Resources in the Eritrean government.

When her husband was arrested, Aster Yohannes was studying in the USA. After she graduated, she returned to Eritrea to be with her children. The Eritrean government told her she would not be arrested. When she arrived in Eritrea in December 2003, she was arrested at Asmara International Airport. They took her to Karchele security prison in Asmara. She did not see her children. They did not let her speak to her family. Her health is not good. She has asthma and a heart problem.

Tocopilla

Tocopilla is a city and commune in the Antofagasta region in the north of Chile. It is the capital of the province of Tocopilla.

The commune of Tocopilla has an area of .

The commune is bordered on the north by the Tarapacá region, on the east by the María Elena commune, on the south by the Antofagasta province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 23,986 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The inhabitants of Tocopilla are known as "Tocopillian"; in Spanish, "tocopillano" for men and"Tocopillana" for women.


Damian Lillard

Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard Sr. (born July 15, 1990) is a professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has also played for the Portland Trail Blazers.

In 2014, he made a game winning buzzer beater in game 6 against the Houston Rockets to help the Blazers win the playoff series. It was the first time the Blazers had won a playoff series in 14 years. 

He has been selected twice for the NBA All-Star Game. In 2014, he became the first player ever to compete in all 5 All-Star Weekend events. He competed in the 3-Point Contest, Slam Dunk Contest, Skills Challenge, Rising Stars Challenge, and the All-Star Game.

On September 27, 2023, Lillard was involved in a three-team trade which sent Lillard to the Milwaukee Bucks, Jrue Holiday, Deandre Ayton, Toumani Camara and a 2029 first-round draft pick to the Blazers, and Grayson Allen, Jusuf Nurkić, Nassir Little, and Keon Johnson to the Phoenix Suns.

Niedersimmental District

The district of Niedersimmental in the Swiss canton of Bern has 9 municipalities in an area of 306 km².

Oberhasli (district)

The district of Oberhasli in the Swiss canton of Bern has 6 municipalities in an area of 551.0 km².

Obersimmental District

The district of Obersimmental in the Swiss canton of Bern has 4 municipalities in an area of 334 km².

Saanen District

The district of Saanen in the Swiss canton of Bern has 3 municipalities in an area of 241 km².

Schwarzenburg District

The district of Schwarzenburg in the Swiss canton of Bern has 4 municipalities in an area of 157 km².

Seftigen District

The district of Seftigen in the Swiss canton of Bern has 26 municipalities in an area of 189 km².

Signau District

The district of Signau in the Swiss canton of Bern has 9 municipalities in an area of 320 km².

Thun District

Thun was a district in the Swiss canton of Bern. It had 26 municipalities in an area of 267 km².

Big Hero 6

Big Hero 6 may refer to:


Trachselwald District

Trachselwald was a district in the Swiss canton of Bern. It had 10 municipalities in an area of 191 km².

Wangen District

The district of Wangen was one of the 26 districts in the canton of Bern, Switzerland. It had an area of 129 km².

Bern-Mittelland (administrative district)

The administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the Swiss canton of Bern has 98 municipalities in an area of 947 km².

Year 100 problem

The Year 100 problem (also known as the Y1C problem, Y1C Bug, and Y1C) was a problem. It happened because some early computer programs of Taiwan were made to handle only years containing 2 digits of the Minguo calendar system, and people started fearing that date-related processing would happen incorrectly for dates and times after December 31 2010. The event caused a big concern that very important industries (such as electricity or financial) and government functions would stop working at exactly midnight, January 1 2011, and on other critical dates which were called "event horizons". 

However, the government sector restricted themselves to using the Minguo calendar system, so it didn't affect most of the private sector. More people were panicked by press coverage and other media reports, as well as corporate and government reports. Companies and organisations in Taiwan had to check and upgrade their computer systems. 

The preparation for Y1C thus had a huge effect on the computer industry. No major computer failures occurred when the year changed to 100. Debate continues on whether the absence of computer failures was the result of the preparation undertaken or whether the problem had been bigger than expected.

Year 100 was 2011 in Minguo calendars. Taiwan started use of Minguo calendar from 1912.


Frank E. Sagendorph, 2nd

Frank Elijah Sagendorph, 2nd (March 28, 1883 – May 5, 1972) was a leading Philadelphia industrialist and president of the Penn Metal Corporation of Pennsylvania, also known as Penco, which was headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Frank Elijah Sagendorph, 2d, was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was six years old in 1889 when his family moved to Philadelphia. He was the second son of L. Lewis Sagendorph and Catherine Crainor. He was a Republican in politics, and was a member of the vestry of the Protestant Episcopal Church of St. John the Evangelist in Lansdowne, Pennsylvania.

Frank E. Sagendorph, 2d, married Elizabeth Hagy on October 3, 1905 at Lansdowne, Pennsylvania. They had three children, William L Sagendorph, Frank E. Sagendorph 3rd, and Suzanne Sagendorph Welsh.

Frank E. Sagendorph, 2nd died May 5, 1972 and was buried at Arlington Cemetery in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania.


L. Lewis Sagendorph

L. Lewis Sagendorph (September 26, 1842 - April 13, 1909) was an American inventor and leading manufacturer of sheet metal products in the late 19th and very early 20th centuries. He founded what later became the Penn Metal Company in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Longley Lewis Sagendorph, Jr. was born in Hudson, New York and later moved to Rhode Island where he served in the with the 10th Rhode Island Regiment in the American Civil War. L. Lewis Sagendorph was buried at West Laurel Hill Cemetery, Philadelphia.


Adam Basanta

Adam Basanta (born 1985) is a Canadian sound artist and experimental composer. 

Basanta most often makes sound sculptures. In 2013 Basanta got a honorable mention in the Hybrid Art category at the Prix Ars Electronica.

Basanta's work has been shown in Canada Prague, New York City and London.

Pennsylvania rifle

The Pennsylvania rifle, which from about 1815 on became almost universally known as the Kentucky rifle, is a special American gun. For decades in American History, it was the best shooting long-distance rifle in America. The Pennsylvania rifle was the product of German gun makers who moved to Pennsylvania hundreds of years ago. This was in the early 1700s. Settlers and people who lived on frontiers started to really like the gun. One of the early frontiers was Kentucky. People like Daniel Boone used the gun there. So the rifle started to be known as the "Kentucky rifle". 

The Pennsylvania rifle developed from earlier and much heavier Jaeger rifle which were brought to the American colonies by German gunsmiths. The Jager rifle was a short, heavy rifle that fired a large caliber bullet. It was designed for hunting in Europe by the well to do. Like the longer and heavier smoothbore muskets of the time, both were not well suited for hunting in America. 

These gunsmiths centered their activities around Lancaster County, Pennsylvania for a number of good reasons. It was an important crossroads for trade at the time. It lay between Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and the wilderness to the west. The area also had large iron ore deposits for gun barrels and hardwood forests for gun stocks. The product that evolved from the earlier gun designs could shoot up to five times farther. The Pennsylvania rifle could accurately hit targets at . From about 1730 and through the War of 1812, the Pennsylvania rifle was the preferred long range rifle in America.

During the American Revolutionary War companies of Pennsylvania riflemen created disruption behind the British lines. Well out of range of the British Brown Bess smoothbore musket, militiamen and snipers could target individual soldiers and officers from a long distance. George Washington was delighted to have these men equipped with their Pennsylvania rifles. Most soldiers used the musket because it was much easier and quicker to load in battle. But an American sharpshooter with his long rifle could pick off a British general who thought he was far enough away from the battle to be safe. This could and did change the outcome of several battles. Ashley Halsey Jr. wrote:
The sharpshooters who carried these weapons are part of American history and myth. But they most certainly did exist and played an important part in battles such as the Battle of Saratoga in 1777 and the Battle of New Orleans in 1815.

There have been a number of names applied to this rifle and the name depended on where it was used. Whether the design was called a Kentucky rifle, a Schimmel, southern poor boys or a Tennessee rifle, many have consistently been manufactured in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. A typical rifle of this design had a barrel from to in length. It was .50 caliber (13 mm) and had a stock made of curly maple. The stock fully supported the barrel. It had a crescent-shaped buttplate, a patch box and a cheekpiece were also common. Early models used a flintlock firing mechanism while later models used the percussion cap. The barrels were rifled. 

Daniel Boone's rifle is a typical example of a Pennsylvania rifle. It was 5 feet, 3 inches long (160cm). It was .44 caliber and fired a ball that weighed about . The gun weighed . Using a bullet mold, Boone could get about 55 lead balls from a single pound (0.45 kg) of lead. To fire a ball this size would require only about a thimble-full of black powder.

In a situation where there might be Hand-to-hand fighting, the Pennsylvania rifle was too delicate to use as a club. Striking it against anything could cause the stock to break. The long thin wrought iron barrel was relatively soft could be easily bent. Frontiersmen knew this and were careful not to damage their main hunting weapon. In battle, it took twice as long to reload a Pennsylvania rifle as it did the Brown Bess musket. Worse, due to the barrel length, the shooter almost had to stand up to carefully measure the powder, load the ball and patch, and tamp it down with a ramrod. It is no wonder Pennsylvania riflemen hid behind trees so as not to expose themselves to enemy fire. The main weapon during the Revolutionary war was the musket on both sides. Fewer than 10% of the American soldiers carried a long rifle.


Company (military unit)

A Company is a Military Unit. It usually has 80 to 250 soldiers. A company is usually led by a captain or a major or another officer. Most companies are comprised of three to six platoons, although the exact number may vary by country and type of unit (infantry, armor, etc.). Several companies are grouped to form a battalion or regiment. In the United States military, before the September 11 attacks, companies trained in conventional warfare for basic offensive and defensive operations. Since then companies have had to train for a much wider variety of tasks. These may include humanitarian aid missions, providing security and maintaining order in an area. Different elements in an army may assign different tasks or have different names for a company. For example, a corps of engineering such as the Royal Engineers use the term squadron for a company. In artillery units (as well as some other examples), the name "company" may be replaced by the name "battery" or “troop”. There is one specialized Company in the United States Army. It is the 911th Technical Rescue Engineering Company.

Selçuk İnan

Selçuk İnan(born 10 February 1985) is a Turkish football player. He plays for Galatasaray and Turkey national team.

Arrondissements of the Vienne department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Vienne department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Vienne are:

Since its creation, the Vienne department has had some changes:


Hakan Balta

Hakan Balta (born 23 March 1983 in Berlin) is a retired Turkish football player. He played for Galatasaray and the Turkey national team.

Arrondissement of Châtellerault

The arrondissement of Châtellerault is an arrondissement of France, in the Vienne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Châtellerault.

When the Vienne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Châtellerault was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Châtellerault is in northern Vienne and is bordered to the northwest by the Maine-et-Loire department, to the north and east by the Indre-et-Loire department, to the southeast by the Indre department (a small part) and the "arrondissement" of Montmorillon, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Poitiers and to the west by the Deux-Sèvres department.

It has an area of . It has 112,313 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Châtellerault, there are 4 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Châtellerault-1, Châtellerault-2, Châtellerault-3 and Loudun. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Châtellerault has 92 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Gunsmith

A gunsmith is someone who makes and or designs guns. The job of a gunsmith is similar, but not the same as an armorer. The origin of the word gunsmith dates back to the 1580s.

The first firearms can be dated to about the 1200s in China. In Europe, the first gun barrels were made by p Italian craftsmen. But gunsmithing was new in the Middle Ages. For a long time they did not have their own guilds and many joined blacksmiths’ guilds. By the mid-1400s, there were enough gunsmiths to form their own guilds. One of the first was in 1463 in Suhl, Germany. England did not develop gunsmiths as quickly as other European countries and to change this, King Henry VIII invited leading gunsmiths in Europe to come live and work in England. Many accepted and not long afterwards more gun shops began appearing in England. Several appeared in London near the Tower of London, which held the country's stockpile of guns. Soon they were training English citizens in this new trade.
Before the American Revolutionary War in the American colonies, gunsmithing was a time-consuming process. Gunsmiths were generally gun makers who repaired their own weapons for their customers. These gunmakers came to the American colonies along with other craftsmen from England, and later from Germany and Switzerland. These were countries with long histories of gun making. Gunsmiths learned their trade by becoming an apprentice to an established gunsmith or gun maker. They worked from their adolescence into early adulthood before they could open a shop of their own. Handguns were relatively cheap and were made in large shops in England. So American gunsmiths repaired and modified imported pistols. However, muskets and rifles were not imported as much and local gunsmiths would custom make these for their customers. Their work included carving stocks, engraving metal pieces, and forging gun barrels. It could take as many as 400 hours to create guns by hand. Soon entirely new guns were created such as the Pennsylvania rifle (later called the "Kentucky rifle"). This was the product of German gunsmiths who immigrated to Pennsylvania in the early 18th century. It was lighter, longer and more accurate than European designs. The rifle soon became the favorite of colonial settlers and Frontiersmen.

About the middle of the 18th century, gunsmith Honoré Blanc developed the concept of interchangeable parts for muskets. Blanc tried to interest other European gunsmiths, but they were not impressed by the idea. But he did interest the American Ambassador to France, Thomas Jefferson. Jefferson quickly saw that mass production of weapons parts would free America from dependence on European sources for parts. He could not get Blanc to move to the United States but he did convince President George Washington it was a good idea. In 1798, Eli Whitney got the first contract for 12,000 muskets built under the new system. Whitney used a large force of unskilled workers and machinery to produce standardized identical parts at a low cost. This was about the time Gun manufacturers began to be distinguished from gunsmiths.

Long a part of American history and culture, gunsmithing is an occupation with a long history. Today, the way to become a gunsmith is to attend a gunsmithing school or take gunsmithing classes. There are several gunsmithing schools in the US and also online schools.

The following schools are accredited by the National Rifle Association of America:

Additional schools include:


In the United Kingdom, there are gunsmithing schools. Another path to becoming a gunsmith is through apprenticeship. At times, larger gun makers or repairers may take on someone to learn the trade. These positions are not usually advertised and are often discovered by word of mouth or through friends or family. Smaller gunmakers and gunsmiths cannot usually afford to take on an apprentice.


Mehmet Topal

Mehmet Topal (born 3 March 1986) is a Turkish football player. He plays for Fenerbahçe and Turkey national team.

Binali Yıldırım

Binali Yıldırım (born 20 December 1954) is a Turkish politician who was the 27th Prime Minister of Turkey and the leader of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) from May 2016 to 2018. He was the Minister of Transport, Maritime and Communication from 2002 to 2013 and again between 2015 and 2016. Between 2014 and 2015, he served as Senior Advisor to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.

Arrondissement of Montmorillon

The arrondissement of Montmorillon is an arrondissement of France, in the Vienne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Montmorillon.

When the Vienne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Montmorillon was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Montmorillon is in southern Vienne and is bordered to the north by the other two "arrondissements" of the departmentː Poitiers to the nortwest and Châtellerault to the northeast. The "arrondissement" is also surrounded by the Indre department to the east, the Haute-Vienne department to the southeast, the Charente to the south and the Deux-Sèvres department to the west.

It has an area of . It has 74,852 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km². It is the "arrondissement" of Vienne with fewest people in it but is the one with the largest area.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Montmorillon, there are 2 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Civray and Lussac-les-Châteaux. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Montmorillon has 95 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

List of programs broadcast by Playhouse Disney

This is a list of television programs broadcast by Playhouse Disney in the United States, now known as Disney Junior.


Arrondissement of Poitiers

The arrondissement of Poitiers is an arrondissement of France, in the Vienne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Poitiers.

When the Vienne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Poitiers was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Poitiers is in western Vienne and is bordered to the north and northeast by the "arrondissement" Châtellerault, to east and south by the "arrondissement" Montmorillon, and to the west by the Deux-Sèvres department.

It has an area of . It has 246,038 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km². It is the "arrondissement" of Vienne with more people living in it but is the one with the smallest area.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Poitiers, there are 8 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Chasseneuil-du-Poitou, Migné-Auxances, Poitiers-1, Poitiers-2, Poitiers-3, Poitiers-4, Poitiers-5, Vivonne and Vouneuil-sous-Biard. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Poitiers has 87 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

Ozan Tufan

Ozan Tufan (born 23 March 1995) is a Turkish football player. He plays for Fenerbahçe and Turkey national team.

Jura bernois (administrative district)

The administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern has 49 municipalities in an area of 541.75 km².

Ashton Gate Stadium

Ashton Gate Stadium is the home of Bristol City F.C. and the Bristol Bears RFC.
Its capacity is 27,000. The ground was renovated in 2014 which increased the number of seats by 6000.

Door bolt

A door bolt is a type of lock that is used to keep doors shut. They are often fastened with padlocks for extra security.

Armorer

A modern armorer is someone whose job is repairing, assembling and testing of small arms. Originally, an armorer was a person who created armor for medieval knights and noblemen. Today an armorer is someone who belongs to an organization such as the police or military and who maintains guns and weapons belonging to that organization. An armorer keeps these weapons in top working condition always ready for trouble-free use in the field. By doing this an armorer extends the service life of these weapons at minimum cost to the organization. A failure of a weapon in a crucial situation could cost lives. Their job is similar (but not the same) as that of a civilian gunsmith.

The medieval armorer had to be a combination of scientist toolmaker, chemist, metallurgist, engineer and artist. He was highly skilled and worked with wood and leather as well as metals. An armorer also had to understand mathematics and geometry. Much of his work revolved around high-end blacksmithing. Because he did custom work and produced high quality armor for nobles and knights, he was paid more money than a blacksmith was. Each suit of armor was made to order and would fit that person exactly. If any part of the suit of armor was damaged in battle, the armorer would repair it. In time of war an armorer also made armor for soldiers. 

In addition to making mail (also called chain-mail), after the 14th century they began making plate armor. Armorers could also specialize in what type of armor they produced (mail or plate). They also specialized in various tasks involved in creating armor. For example a "fourbor" was a someone who polished armor. Armorers often belonged to a guild. Later there were guilds for mail armorers, plate armorers and for armorers who specialized in helmets.

In a modern police department, an armorer inspects, maintains and repairs firearms to the standards required by the manufacturer's warranty. An armorer cleans and adjusts all the handguns used by police officers. He or she also maintains the shotguns, semi-automatic and automatic weapons the officers must depend on in a crisis. Other equipment maintained by armorers includes gas masks, gas-grenades, smoke grenades and similar devices. An armorer is often involved in training other members of a department in chemical warfare equipment and practices. 

In the various militaries around the world, armorers often maintain the armory of a military organization. An armorer instructs military personnel on the proper maintenance and care of weapons issued to them. The armorer maintains receipts for equipment issued locally and also while on deployment. He or she is responsible for inspecting and repairing all arms they are responsible for. On ships, an armorer is responsible for the correct working of all weapons used by marines and sailors that vessel.

On a film crew, an armorer is the person responsible for all the weapons and firearms used during the production. Armorers work with the producer, director and property master to create a list of all the weapons that will be needed. Sometimes the prop master is also the armorer. Often they research the style of weapons used according to the period and the kind of movie. For specialty weapons the armorer consults with the production designer and the prop maker. The armorer is responsible to make sure all weapons are used comply with federal and local laws. For scenes outside the studio, armorers work with police departments to get the necessary permits. To get the weapons they need, armorers may rent or lease them from licensed armories. Many movie armorers also have their own collection of weapons they may use. Armorers explain safe weapons handling to actors and crews making certain all safety rules are met. It is their responsibility to make sure nobody is hurt while weapons are being used.


Ashton Gate

Ashton Gate might refer to;


Montmorillon

Montmorillon is a commune in the Vienne department, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, in central-western France. The clay mineral montmorillonite (a silicate) was named after Montmorillon when it was discovered there in 1847.

It is one of the two subprefectures of the Vienne department and the capital of the canton of Montmorillon.

Montmorillon is well known for its macarons, and has a museum dedicated to it.

Montmorillon is along the Gartempe river. The city is at to the southeast of Poitiers and at to the nortwest of Limoges.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "communes" that are around Montmorillon are Saulgé, Jouhet, Sillars, Journet, Saint-Léomer, Bourg-Archambault, Lathus-Saint-Rémy and Pindray.

The climate of Montmorillon, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Montmorillon are known, in French, as "Montmorillonnais" (women: "Montmorillonnaises").

With a population of 6,155, Confolens has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Montmorillon

Montmorillon is a subprefecture of the Vienne department since 1800. It is also the capital of the canton of Montmorillon.


Montmorillon is a twin town of:

Montmorillon is also partner withː



List of renamed cities in Azerbaijan

The following is a list of cities in Azerbaijan that have undergone a name change in the recent past:


Gartempe

The Gartempe is a French river that flows through the Nouvelle-Aquitaine and Centre-Val de Loire regions.

It rises in the Massif Central and flows into the Creuse river, as a left tributary, in the Vienne department.

The Gartempe river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Gartempe river starts in western Massif Central, near the hamlet of "Pétillat" in the "commune" of Peyrabout, Creuse department, at an elevation of about . From here, it generally flows to the northwest.

Finally, the river flows into the Creuse river in La Roche-Posay (Vienne department, on the left side) and Yzeures-sur-Creuse (Indre-et-Loire department, on the right side).

The Gartempe flows through 5 departments and 46 "communes", in 2 regions:

The main tributaries of the Gartempe river are:


Safnern

Safnern is a municipality of the administrative district Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Saicourt

Saicourt is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Le Fuet, Bellelay, La Bottiere and Montbautier.


Saint-Imier

Saint-Imier is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Saint-Imier is the hometown of the Longines watchmaking company. The Breitling watchmaking company was founded in Saint-Imier, but moved to Grenchen, Canton of Solothurn.


Saules, Switzerland

Saules is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Saxeten

Saxeten is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Schalunen

Schalunen was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Schalunen, Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Grafenried, Limpach, Mülchi and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Schangnau

Schangnau is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Schattenhalb

Schattenhalb is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Schelten

Schelten () is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. This is one of two German speaking cities in the majority French-speaking Bernese Jura (Jura Bernois). The other is Seehof.

Etching

Etching is done by drawing lines through a protective coating on a copper or zinc plate. The plate is then placed into acid. The acid cuts into the unprotected parts of the surface to create a design in the metal.

The printing is done by rolling an ink pad across the surface. The ink sinks into the intaglio (cut) surface, and rolls off the waxed surface off the plate. The metal plate is then pressed onto paper.

Colgan Air Flight 3407

Colgan Air Flight 3407 was a passenger flight from Newark to Buffalo, the plane was a Bombardier Dash 8 with 49 people on board. On February 12, 2009 the plane stalled and crashed into a house in Clarence Center. Everyone on board the flight died as well as one man on the ground.

Metonic cycle

The Metonic cycle is a period of about 19 years used in astronomy and calendar studies. In particular, it is often used in the structure of lunisolar calendars, because 19 solar years is almost exactly the same length of time as 235 lunar months.

The Metonic cycle is named for the astronomer Meton of Athens, who used the cycle in the calendar of Attica in the 5th century BCE. But it was used in the calendar of many ancient cultures, including Babylonia and China, before then.

Nineteen years of 12 lunar months each would last a total of formula_1 lunar months. But from astronomy we know that 19 solar years are the same length as formula_2 lunar months. So over 19 years, formula_3 extra lunar months need to be added to make the years line up correctly. Adding a thirteenth month in a year is called "intercalation." There are different ways to do it:

A Metonic cycle is close to the length of 20 eclipse years. For that reason, some eclipses repeat for a time at 19-year intervals.


Shahidul Alam

Shahidul Alam (born 1955) is a photographer and blogger from Bangladesh. Alam was born in Dhaka, Bangladesh in 1955.

Alam received a PhD in chemistry from London University, then he decided to study photography. He started the Drik Agency, the Bangladesh Photographic Institute, and Pathshala, the South Asian Institute of Photography; which National Geographic calls "one of the finest schools of photography in the world".

Alam's work has been in many galleries, including MoMA in New York, the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris, the Royal Albert Hall in London and The Museum of Contemporary Arts in Tehran. Special shows include:


Alam received many awards for photography, including the Mother Jones and the Andrea Frank Awards.

Nazimuddin Samad

Nazimuddin Samad (Bengali:নাজিমুদ্দিন সামাদ)(c. 1988 - April 6, 2016) was a law student, activist, and blogger from Sylhet in Bangladesh. He was a student at Jagannath University in Dhaka. On April 6, three or four young men killed him with machetes and shot him in the head.

Samad was a member of the ‘Sylhet Bangabanghu National Youth Parishad’. He was also an activist in Ganajagaran Mancha, for bloggers. He spoke against religious fundamentalism.

Samad received many threats. His name was on an Islamist list of 84 bloggers in Bangladesh in 2013. A local al-Qaeda group said they killed him.

Ahmed Rajib Haider

Ahmed Rajib Haider (Bengali: আহমেদ রাজীব হায়দার)(? - Feb. 15, 2013) was an architect and blogger from Bangladesh. Haider was killed on February 15, 2013. More than 100,000 people attended his funeral in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh. 

Haider organized protests against war criminals from the 1971 war. He also spoke against the fundamentalist Islamist political party Jamaat-e-Islami.
The protests started on February 5, and continued for 12 days. A group of bloggers stated the protests. They protested against a verdict by the special war tribunal that sent Abdul Quader Mollah, a Jamaat leader, to prison. Mollah was convicted of murder, rape and torture. The protesters wanted the death sentence. 

In December 2015, two students were sentenced to death for killing Haider. Police said the students got their ideas from Jashim Uddin Rahmani, the leader of a mosque in Dhaka, who said it was legal to kill bloggers. 

Creuse (river)

The Creuse () is a river in western France that flows through the Nouvelle-Aquitaine and Centre-Val de Loire regions.

It rises in the Massif Central and flows into the Vienne river, as a right tributary.

The Creuse river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Leugny, Vienne.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Leugny
The Creuse river starts in the Plateau de Millevaches, a north-western extension of the Massif Central, in the "commune" of Le Mas-d'Artige, Creuse department, at an elevation of about . From here, it generally flows to the northwest.

Finally, the river flows into the Vienne river, on the right side, in the place known as "Bec des Deux Eaux" in the "communes" Port-de-Piles (Vienne), Ports and Nouâtre (Indre-et-Loire).

The Creuse flows through 5 departments and 80 "communes", in 2 regions; some of the "communes" are:

The main tributaries of the Creuse river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Guðni Th. Jóhannesson

Guðni Thorlacius Jóhannesson (born June 26, 1968) is an independent politician and the President of Iceland. He became president on August 1 2016. Guðni holds a PhD in history from Queen Mary University of London.

Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C.

Hapoel Be'er Sheva Football Club (Hebrew: מועדון הכדורגל הפועל באר שבע‎‎, "Moadon HaKaduregel Hapoel Be'er Sheva") is a professional association football club that is from Beersheba, Israel. The club currently plays in the Israeli Premier League, and has been one of the best Israeli clubs since the 1970's. Hapoel Be'er Sheva was founded in 1949.

The team's colours are red and white. They play their home games at the Turner Stadium (which can hold around 16,000 people). The clubs first game was against a team made up of mostly South American players and was from southern Israel. They won that game 5-4.



2016–17 UEFA Champions League

The 2016-17 UEFA Champions League is the 62st season of Europe's premier club football tournament organised by UEFA. It is the 25th season since it was renamed from the European Champion Clubs' Cup to the UEFA Champions League.

The 2017 UEFA Champions League Final was played at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff, Wales. Real Madrid are the defending champions.

The losing teams in both the champions and league route go on to the 2016–17 UEFA Europa League play-off round.

Champions route:

The champions route is only for teams that won their country's league.

League route:

The league route is only for teams who did not win their country's league.

The draw for the play-off round was held on 5 August 2016. The first legs will be played on 16 and 17 August, and the second legs will be played on 23 and 24 August 2016.

Champions route

The champions route is only for teams that won their country's league.

League route

The league route is only for teams who did not win their country's league.

The draw for the group stage will be held on 25 August 2016, at the Grimaldi Forum in Monaco.

These teams already qualified for the group stage (the clubs are listed by their UEFA ranking):
These teams qualified from the play-off round:


The best two teams from each of the groups in the group stage will move on to the knockout stages. The draw for the round of 16 will be held on 12 December 2016.

<section begin="bracket" /><section end="bracket" />

The final was played on 3 June 2017 at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff, Wales.







FK Vardar

FK Vardar (Macedonian: ФК Вардар; usually just called Vardar) is a professional association football club from Skopje, North Macedonia. The club was founded in 1947and have played in every Macedonian First Football League saeson since it's creation. The club was named after the Vardar river (which runs right through the middle of Macedonia and ends at the Thermaic Gulf in Greece). FK Vardar is the most successful Macedonian team, winning 9 national championships and 5 national cups.

 Yugoslav Second League:


 Yugoslav Cup:




Mitropa Cup:

Balkans Cup:

Vuko Karov Tournament:


Lincoln Red Imps F.C.

The Lincoln Red Imps Football Club is a semi-professional association football club from Gibraltar. They currently play in the Gibraltar Premier Division and share the Victoria Stadium with all other clubs in the territory. They have won 22 league titles and 17 cup titles. The football club was first formed in 1976 by Charles Polson and Charles Head.





Falmouth, Virginia

Falmouth is a census-designated place (CDP) in Stafford County, Virginia, United States. It is situated on the north bank of the Rappahannock River at the falls. The community is north of and opposite the city of Fredericksburg. Recognized by the U.S. Census Bureau as a census-designated place (CDP), Falmouth's population was 4,274 as of the 2010 census.

Founded in 1728 by the same act of the Virginia Assembly that established neighboring Fredericksburg, Falmouth was created as a port town on the Rappahannock. It served the inhabitants living north of the river within the vast Northern Neck holdings of Lord Fairfax. His agent, Robert "King" Carter, promoted the establishment of the town. The Carter family played a dominant role in the town's growth throughout much of the colonial period. Originally located within King George County, Falmouth became part of Stafford County when county lines were redrawn in 1776.

During the American Civil War, Falmouth was occupied by Union forces in 1862 and 1863. Northern commanders located their headquarters southeast of the town during the Fredericksburg and Chancellorsville campaigns.

Today Falmouth is a residential community and a suburb of Fredericksburg. Among the community's significant historic structures is Belmont, the home of American artist Gari Melchers, now a historic house museum administered by the University of Mary Washington. Chatham Manor, the 1771 home of William Fitzhugh and a Union headquarters during the Civil War, is located downstream from Falmouth, opposite the historic district of Fredericksburg. It is administered by the National Park Service as part of Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania County Battlefields Memorial National Military Park and now serves as park headquarters.

Falmouth is located at (38.331790, -77.461361).

According to the United States Census Bureau, Falmouth has a total area of 3.2 square miles (8.4 km²), of which, 3.1 square miles (8.1 km²) of it is land and 0.1 square miles (0.3 km²) of it (3.09%) is water.

As of the census of 2000, there were 3,624 people, 1,323 households, and 997 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 1,155.6 people per square mile (445.6/km²). There were 1,412 housing units at an average density of 450.3/sq mi (173.6/km²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.29% White, 6.46% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 1.08% Asian, 0.61% from other races, and 2.35% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.15% of the population.

There were 1,323 households out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of these, 58.5% were married couples living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.6% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the CDP the population was spread out with 26.2% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $57,697, and the median income for a family was $66,989. Males had a median income of $39,280 versus $31,202 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $25,544. About 5.9% of families and 7.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.6% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

Vienne (river)

The Vienne () is one of the most important rivers in southwestern France, a main left tributary of the lower Loire river. It supports numerous hydroelectric dams.

It flows through the Nouvelle-Aquitaine and Centre-Val de Loire regions, and two French "départements" are named after the Vienne: the Haute-Vienne (87) and the Vienne (86).

The Vienne river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Vienne river starts in the department of the Corrèze, at the foot of "Mont Audouze", on the "Plateau de Millevaches", in the "commune" of Millevaches, at an elevation of about .

It then flows roughly west to the city of Limoges where its water was used in the famous Limoges porcelain industry. A little way after Limoges it takes a turn to the north.

Finally, the river flows into the Loire river, on the left side, in the "commune" Candes-Saint-Martin.

The Vienne flows through 6 departments and 96 "communes", in 2 regions:

The Vienne flows through three regional nature parks: "Parc naturel régional de Millevaches en Limousin", "Parc naturel régional Périgord Limousin" and "Parc naturel régional Loire-Anjou-Touraine".

The main tributaries of the Vienne river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:
Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Nouâtre in the Indre-et-Loire department.



Aquia Creek

Aquia Creek () is a tributary of the tidal portion of the Potomac River and is located in Northern Virginia. The creek's headwaters lie in southeastern Fauquier County, and it empties into the Potomac at Brent Point in Stafford County, south of Washington, D.C.

The Public Quarry at Government Island in the creek served as the source for Aquia Creek sandstone. This sandstone was used in numerous public buildings. The most important of these public buildings was the first White House in Washington, DC. It was painted white for symbolic reasons. The National Capitol Columns were also quarried at the Aquia Creek Public Quarry in the early 1800s. They were transported to Washington on a barge.

In an early American Civil War skirmish, the Battle of Aquia Creek, three US gunboats battled a Confederate shore battery. The skirmish took place from May 29, 1861 to June 1, 1861 during the Union campaign to blockade the Chesapeake Bay. There were an estimated 10 casualties.

C96

The Mauser C96, is a German semi-automatic pistol that has a broomhandle-style pistol grip made by Mauser. Nicknames for the gun include the Broomhandle (named for its grip), the Red 9, and the box cannon. Although there were some semi-automatic pistols made before it was invented, the C96 was one of the first that was successful. The C96 was used by many countries including Germany, Spain, China, and the Soviet Union. The C96 was made by Germany from 1896 until 1937. Spain and China made many copies of the C96. Although it was invented in Germany, it was never the standard pistol for the German military. It was still a very popular pistol for German soldiers and officers until the end of World War II. The only country that made the C96 its standard pistol was China.

The C96 had many different models that fired different types of bullets. The first models fired 7.63x25mm Mauser bullets, but Germany later made a 9x19mm Parabellum version. 9x19mm versions of the gun have a red number 9 imprinted on the handle so that people would know to only load 9x19mm bullets and not the 7.63x25mm bullets. This is how the 9x19mm versions got the nickname "Red 9". In China, .45 ACP versions were made for the police and the military. The Chinese Army nicknamed the C96 the "box cannon," but the official name was the Type 17 pistol.

The gun comes with a magazine built in the gun. Most magazines for the C96 could hold 6 bullets, 10 bullets, or 20 bullets. Unlike most semi-automatic pistols, in order to load the C96, the shooter must load the bullets through the top of the gun using a stripper clip (like what you see in the picture above), rather than load a box magazine inside the grip. The C96 can also attach a wooden buttstock to the grip so that the shooter can aim more easily. The buttstock is also used as the gun's holster. The gun was also one of the first machine pistols, since some models allow the shooter to shoot the gun in full automatic fire.

Although the C96 is a little awkward to use, especially compared to most modern pistols, its unusual appearance make it a popular weapon in video games, like "Resident Evil 4", the "Metal Gear" series, the Zombies game mode in the "Call of Duty" series, "", "Battlefield 1", "", "Far Cry 4", and many others. The C96 was also the basis for Han Solo's weapon (called a "blaster") in the Star Wars pictures.

Plumcot

Tetriodon is a hybrid fruit. A plumcot is part plum and part apricot. There are many different types of plumcot. Some of them are about half plum and half apricot, while others are mostly plum. One well-known type of plumcot is called the plumcot or the pluot, which is a trademarked name for plumcots that were developed in the 1980s by Floyd Zaiger. The first plumcots were bred in the late 1800s by Luther Burbank.

Flintlock

A flintlock is a general term for firearms that use the flintlock firing mechanism. It can also refer just to the firing mechanism itself. A flintlock uses a piece of flint held in a locking jaw. When the trigger is pulled, a hammer with the flint attached falls, striking a piece of steel called a "frizzen". This causes a spark which causes the gunpowder in the pan (directly below the flint) to ignite. Through a small hole, this ignites the main powder charge in the breech of the gun causing it to fire the round ball, shot or bullet. The flintlock was a very popular type of musket for over 200 years. Flintlocks were available with smoothbore and later rifled gun barrels.

The first form of flintlock appeared in 1570 and was called a snaphaunce. About 1630, Frenchman Marin le Bourgeoys created the first "true" flintlock, also called the "French lock". Bourgeoys was in the service of King Louis XIII of France for whom he created the flintlock mechanism. The French lock simplified the Snaphaunce design by creating a one-piece, L-shaped frizzen. This is the style seen on most flintlocks today.

Like earlier designs such as the matchlock, the flintlock design was used for smoothbore long guns or muskets. But soon it was used for shotguns and pistols. Officers on sailing ships and army officers used flintlock pistols as well.








War of Attrition

The War of Attrition (1967–1970) was a war between Egypt and Israel. It ran from March 1969 to 7th August 1970 when the ceasefire was restored. It followed the Six-Day War in 1967, when Israel won a victory and captured the Golan Heights, Gaza Strip and the West Bank.

Both sides used attrition warfare in an attempt to weaken the other. Both Egypt and Israel thought that by wearing down the other they would gain an advantage in later negotiations. Egypt wanted its territory back from Israel. The leader of Egypt, Gamal Abdel Nasser, thought that by waging a low-grade war against Israel, he would exhaust their resources and get them to give up the territory. Israel wanted to secure its hold on the Sinai and annex it to Israel.

In the end, neither side achieved their goals. Egypt did not force an Israeli withdrawal. Israel still occupied the Sinai. Both sides claimed they won the war. The Israeli death toll included 5,000 soldiers and 600 civilians. Approximately 6,000 soldiers and 1700 civilians were wounded. Egypt lost about 4,000 soldiers and 900 officers. Another 2,000 Egyptian soldiers and 200 officers were captured. Egypt lost about 60% of its military equipment. The Suez Canal remained closed to shipping.


Secret (Madonna song)

"Secret" is a pop song from Madonna's studio album "Bedtime Stories". This song is about a lover having a secret. It hit #3 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song was released on September 27, 1994. It was declared Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.

Express Yourself (Madonna song)

"Express Yourself" is a 1989 dance-pop song by Madonna. The lyrics are about female empowerment and inspire women to go for the best. The song was a tribute to American R&B-funk band Sly and the Family Stone.

The song peaked at #2 on the American "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.

There are many versions of the song. One is almost eleven minutes long.

Fast &amp; Furious (2009 movie)

Fast & Furious (also known by Fast & Furious 4) is a 2009 American action movie directed by Justin Lin. The story was written by Chris Morgan. The movie is the fourth one of the "Fast and the Furious" movies. The movie gets back together the actors Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Michelle Rodriguez and Jordana Brewster. The movie follows from "The Fast and the Furious", the 2001 movie into a the time right now. The same actors are in both movies. The movie came out on April 3, 2009. The movie got bad comments when it came out. The movie made $363 million dollars all over the world.


Arda Turan

Arda Turan (born 30 January 1987) is a Turkish football player. He plays for F.C. Barcelona and Turkey national team.

FN F2000

The F2000 is an Belgian bullpup 5.56×45mm NATO assault rifle. 

The F2000 has been in production since 2001. It is used in many countries including Belgium, Libya, Peru, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and more. The F2000 is a replacement of the FN FNC. 

The FS2000 is a civilian version of the gun. FS2000 is only semi-automatic and has a long barrel. It began production in 2006.

Gold Star family

Gold Star families (or Gold Star American families) are the relatives of US military members who died in battle.

Starting in World War I, the families of US soldiers and sailors often flew flags that had a blue star for each member of the family that was serving in the military. If one of them died in battle, the blue star was changed to a gold star. In August of 1947, the United States Congress authorized the military to present a gold star lapel pin to the family members of those killed in action. That first pin was a simple gold star on a purple background with a laurel wreath around the star. Another pin—this time a gold star with a gold background and four oak sprigs around the star—was authorized by Congress in 1973. It was awarded to the next of kin of service members who die during military service.

The military continues to award Gold Star lapel pins to the family members or next of kin of service members who die during military service.


Sex hormone

Sex hormones, also called sex steroids, are steroid hormones that interact with androgen or estrogen receptors. 

The non-steroid luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone and gonadotropin-releasing hormone are usually not regarded as sex hormones, although they play major sex-related roles.

Natural sex steroids are made by the gonads (ovaries or testes), by adrenal glands, or by conversion from other sex steroids in tissues such as liver or fat.

Darwin Day

Darwin Day is celebrated in the United States on 12 February, the birthday of Charles Darwin. This recognizes the importance of his book "The Origin of Species", the basis of the theory of evolution. The decision was taken by the US Congress. 

The date is not widely known or celebrated in the UK. However, 2009 was the 200th anniversary of Darwin's birth and was also the 150th anniversary of the publication of "Origin of Species". Events were planned, with celebrations in Shrewsbury (his birthplace), the University of Cambridge, and the Natural History Museum in London.

SPAS-12

The SPAS-12 is an Italian combat shotgun that was produced from 1979 until 2000. The SPAS-12 is a dual-mode shotgun, adjustable for semi-automatic or pump-action operation. The SPAS-12 has been popular in many movies, TV shows, and video games including Call of Duty, Battlefield, Grand Theft Auto, Left 4 Dead and more.

Lucille Dumont

Lucille Dumont (January 20, 1919 – July 29, 2016) was a Canadian singer, radio host and television host. She was credited by the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame for having "served and personified" Quebec popular music. She was also credited with being "at the birth of Quebec television", having been in Radio Canada's first television shows.

Dumont was inducted into the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2006.

Dumont was born in Montreal, Quebec. She died at age 97.

Mukto-Mona

Mukto-Mona (Bengali: মুক্তমনা ) is the first online platform for Bengali speaking freethinkers, atheists, and secular bloggers and writers, started by Avijit Roy. The meaning of Mukto-Mona is "free mind". The website supports free expression and criticizes religious fundamentalism, especially Islamic religious fundamentalism. 

The Council for Secular Humanism called Mukto-Mona "the largest and the fastest-growing collection of contemporary freethinkers in Bangladesh and within South Asia". The group worked with international NGOs like the Center for Inquiry and the International Humanist and Ethical Union. 

The website was moderated by Avijit Roy. Roy was killed on February 26, 2015. Ananta Bijoy Das also wrote for the blog. Das was killed on May 12, 2015. The group al-Qaida in the Indian Subcontinent said they were responsible for Roy's death. Ananta Bijoy Das was on a list of targets by the same group of Islamists who were behind the murder of Avijit Roy. 

In May 2001, Avijit Roy started a Yahoo group called Mukto-Mona, meaning "free mind". In 2002 Mukto-Mona moved to a blog. Mukto-Mona was the first Bengali group to celebrate Darwin Day and International Women's Day on the internet. The group worked for freedom for religious minorities and secular writers. They worked with international secularist groups to protest killings and arrests. They also discussed religious questions and LGBT issues, that were taboo subjects in Bangladesh. In 2005 the website was banned in the United Arab Emirates. 

In 2015, Mukta-Mona received "The Bobs – Best of Online Activism" award from German public broadcaster Deutsche Welle. Blogger Rafida Bonya Ahmed, the wife of murdered blogger Avijit Roy, received the award.


International Humanist and Ethical Union

The International Humanist and Ethical Union (IHEU) is a humanist NGO based in the U.K. It has members on United Nations committees and other international organizations. It was started in Amsterdam in 1952.

Thesis statement

In an essay or research paper, a thesis statement is a statement at the start or the end of an introduction that shows the reader the argument of the essay. A thesis statement gives concise information about what the whole essay is about, including the topic of the paper. It is usually just one sentence but it may have more than one sentence. The thesis statement is explained further using body paragraphs. Thesis statements are not obscure, because obscurity happens when a "writer himself is not quite sure of his meaning. He has a vague impression of what he wants to say, but has not, either from lack of mental power or from laziness, exactly formulated it in his mind, and it is natural enough that he should not find a precise expression for a confused idea.” (W. Somerset Maugham). Clarity and unity of a thought in an essay flows from a good thesis statement. Rubrics of a good essay involve good sentence development and formation acceptable to grammatical standards and relevant word choices organized in forms of phrases, clauses and sentences.

The thesis statement is developed, supported, and explained in the course of the paper by means of examples and evidence. Thesis statements help organize and develop the body of the writing piece. They let readers know, what the writer's statement is and what it is aiming to prove. A thesis statement does not necessarily forecast organization of an essay which can be more complex than its purpose.

The thesis statement will reflect the kind of paper being written. There are three kinds of papers: analytical, expository, and argumentative. The structure of a thesis statement depends upon the nature of controlling essay type. In simple terms, first a thesis statement will have a main topic sentence formed from questioning the topic, then the writer's statement regarding the topic sentence, and finally ends with the specific supporting points detailing the writer's statement for justifying its relation with the topic sentence. In general, it should have a supportable opinion (specific/focused) and clear intent for the essay.

Metropolitan City of Bari

The Metropolitan City of Bari () is a metropolitan city in the Apulia region of Southern Italy. Its capital, and of the Apulia region, is the city of Bari.

It replaced the Province of Bari and includes the city of Bari and some forty other municipalities ("comuni"). It was first created by the reform of local authorities (Law 142/1990) and then established by the Law 56/2014. It has been operative since January 1, 2015.

The Metropolitan City of Bari is in the central part of Apulia and has an area of .

The Metropolitan City is bordered on the east by the Adriatic Sea, to the northwest by Basilicata (province of Potenza), to the north by the province of province of Barletta-Andria-Trani, to the west with Basilicata (province of Matera), to the southeast by the province of province of Brindisi and to the south with the province of Taranto.

, there are 1,263,820 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The province has 41 "comuni". The "comuni" with more people living in them (more than 30,000) areː

The largest "comune" is Altamura, with and the smallest is Cellamare, with . The "comune" with fewest inhabitants is Poggiorsini, with 1,450 inhabitants.



Scheunen

Scheunen was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Scheunen and Münchringen merged into the municipality of Jegenstorf.

BC Budivelnyk

BC Budivelnyk Kyiv - is a Ukrainian basketball team. It was founded in 1945.



Scheuren

Scheuren is a municipality of the administrative district Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Candidate

A candidate, or "nominee", is a person (or a thing) which is being considered for something. For a person, it might be an award or honor or membership of a group. An election, for example, often chooses one or a few, among two or more candidates. The word comes from a Latin word for white, because men who wanted to be chosen would wear white so everyone would notice them. 

The word is also used in problem-solving. In chess, a distinction is made between legal moves and candidate moves. The candidate moves are those selected for a more detailed examination.


Biel/Bienne (administrative district)

The administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the Swiss canton of Bern has 19 municipalities in an area of 97.63 km².

Brown Bess

The Brown Bess is a nickname for the British Short Land Pattern Musket. It was produced from 1725 to 1838. The Land Pattern, or more popularly known as the "Brown Bess", and its versions were all .75 caliber smoothbore flintlock muskets. They were the standard guns for all land forces in the British Empire. It was one of the most important military firearms ever designed. It helped win the British Empire. The Brown Bess was replaced after 1838 by smoothbore percussion cap muskets. Its effective range was about but in most battle situations the distance between forces was only about . Even at that range the gun was not particularly accurate. The British tactic was to fire in vollies followed by a bayonet attack. While the origins of the name Brown Bess are uncertain, a plausible explanation is the name was based on the German "Braun buss", meaning strong gun. The gun was commissioned during the reign of King George I of Great Britain, who was from Germany.

One of the earliest forms of flintlock musket used by the English Army was the "dog lock". Very similar to the snaphaunce it was the first to introduce the half-cocked position of the hammer. This made the gun much safer to handle and load. It was in use during the English Civil War and many found their way to the British North American colonies. Another name for the dog lock was the English lock, and the gun was a Swedish styled musket. Some of these have been found at Jamestown and Yorktown, Virginia by archaeologists.

Between 1710 and 1720 the first King's pattern musket called “Long Land Service” came into use. It had a barrel, iron furniture and the French lock (or "true" flintlock) style of flintlock. Later the metal parts (furniture) were changed to brass and the wood ramrod which broke easily was replaced by an iron ramrod.

About 1722, the British Long Land Pattern musket was developed. It created a pattern for arms makers to the British Army to follow, creating a standard weapon. The Long Land Pattern musket weighed just over and was long. It had a barrel and held a long bayonet that was used as a crude gunsight. About 1756 the second version called the Short Land Pattern musket was introduced. The barrel was shortened to although the longer Long Land Pattern continued to be made until 1790.

In about 1768, a new pattern Short Land Service Musket with a barrel was produced. This was the result of the 1768 Clothing Warrant that was intended to lessen the weight of uniforms and equipment carried by British soldiers. In addition to shortening the musket, to reduce its weight, soldiers could no longer carry swords (except in the Highland and Grenadier units). Uniforms were trimmed to be less bulky. This is the gun most used by British forces during the American Revolutionary War. Among the variety of weapons used by the Continental Army, versions of the Brown Bess were also used.

The British manual listed 11 drill maneuvers soldiers had to follow to load and fire their muskets. This was the same drill as the one in the drill manual by Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben for the Continental Army. Unless otherwise mentioned steps are performed in one motion:


At this point, observing the troops are all ready to fire, the command is given to "fire". The drill is then repeated as necessary.


Emmental (administrative district)

The administrative district of Emmental in the Swiss canton of Bern has 42 municipalities in an area of 691 km².

Schlosswil

Schlosswil was a municipality of the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Schlosswil merged into the municipality of Grosshöchstetten.

Battle of Pirano

The Battle of Pirano was a naval battle of the Adriatic campaign of the Napoleonic Wars. It was between France and the United Kingdom. The battle was fought around Piran and Grado. 

Emirates Flight 521

Emirates Flight 521 was an Emirates airline crashed upon landing in Dubai International Airport on 3 August 2016. One person was killed and 39 others injured. 

Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani

The Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani () is a province in the Apulia region of Southern Italy. The capital is shared by three cities: Barletta, Andria and Trani. The province borders the Adriatic Sea.

It was created from 10 municipalities ("comuni"), which were formerly in the provinces of Bari (7 municipalities) and Foggia (3 municipalities), taking its name from the three cities which share the new administrative functions of the province.

The province of Barletta-Andria-Trani is in the central part of Apulia and has an area of .

The province borders to the northwest by the province of Foggia, to the north and northeast by the Adriatic Sea, to the east with the Metropolitan City of Bari, to the south by province of Potenza (Basilicata region).

The main river of the province, and of the Apulia region, is the Ofanto river, that flows into the Adriatic Sea between Margherita di Savoia and Barletta.

The highest point in the province is "Monte Caccia", high; it is in the "Altopiano delle Murge", a karstic plateau of rectangular shape in southern Italy.

, there are 393,534 persons (194402 males and 199,132 females) living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The province has 10 "comuni".


Schüpfen

Schüpfen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Dissociative

Dissociatives are a type of hallucinogenic drug. Dissociatives can make the user feel separated or "dissociated" from their body and environment. They are often used as anesthetic, to make people unconscious during operations or for other medical uses. 

Dissociatives change users perceptions and can cause hallucinations, trance and euphoria. They are usually only used on animals or children, who won't notice these effects. However, for this reason they are also used recreationally or for fun. In many countries however, they are illegal to use for this purpose. Some dissociatives, like that produced from "Salvia divinorum", enter the bloodstream and attach to opioid receptors in the brain. Others attach to dopamine receptors. Most block the chemical glutamate from its normal action in the brain. Glutamate is important in how the brain processes memory and pain. The most commonly available dissociatives around the world are ketamine, phencyclidine (PCP) and dextromethorphan or DXM.

Schwadernau

Schwadernau is a municipality in Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Springfield Model 1795 Musket

The US Springfield Model 1795 Musket was the first smoothbore flintlock musket produced in the United States. It was based on the French Model 1763 Charleville musket and like the French design was a .69 caliber musket. The Charleville and the Brown Bess were the two most famous muskets during the 18th century. The Charleville musket had been the primary musket used by Americans during the American Revolutionary War. The Charleville being the more accurate of the two, it was selected as the model for a new American musket.

About the middle of the 18th century, French gunsmith Honoré Blanc developed the concept of interchangeable parts for muskets. Blanc tried to interest other European gunsmiths, but they were not impressed by the idea. But he did interest the American Ambassador to France, Thomas Jefferson. Jefferson quickly saw that mass production of weapons parts would free America from dependence on European sources for parts. He could not get Blanc to move to the United States but he did convince President George Washington it was a good idea. In 1798, Eli Whitney got the first contract for 10,000 muskets to be delivered within two years. Whitney used a large force of unskilled workers and machinery to produce standardized identical parts at a low cost. Congress had already decided to pattern the new musket after the 1763 French Charleville model. Whitney, like other contractors, had been given 2 or 3 to work with.

The Model 1795 muskets were the first muskets produced at the Springfield Armory and also the Harpers Ferry Armory. The Harpers Ferry Armory did not begin producing the muskets until 1798 at the earliest and more probably started around 1800. There were some distinct differences in the muskets produced at the two armories. The models from the Springfield Armory have dates of manufacture on the lockplate and have an eagle stamp with the word "Springfield". Between 1795 and 1816, the Springfield Armory produced about 85,000 muskets. Between the two armories, some 700,000 muskets were produced between 1795 and 1844. This makes it the longest production run in American history. The Springfield musket was used in the War of 1812, the Mexican-American War, and even the American Civil War. They were also carried on the Lewis and Clark Expedition.

Created in 1777, during the American Revolution the arsenal stored muskets, cannon, and other weapons. When France entered the war on the side of the United States, the large stores of arms and ammunition were sent to Springfield for storage and to be sent to the troops. After the war there were large supplies of Charleville muskets stored at Springfield. When the US decided to manufacture its own muskets, Springfield had a daunting task ahead of it. The government had to start up arms factories with no past experience in doing so. When Whitney was awarded the contract (for five years) he was paid most of the money up front. The contract paid Whitney $13.40 per musket when it was determined the Springfield armory could make them for $10 each. The reason they did this was to learn from Whitney and other contractors how the weapon was produced and assembled efficiently. When government inspectors saw talented workers at various contractor's factories, they would often persuade them to come work at Springfield. By the 1840s the government no longer saw the need to pay contractors the higher prices and would award contracts based on the best bid.



Schwanden bei Brienz

Schwanden bei Brienz is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Schwarzhäusern

Schwarzhäusern is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Roggwil, Berne

Roggwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


RPK machine gun

The RPK is a Soviet machine gun that was designed by Mikhail Kalashnikov. The RPK is a replacement of the older RPD. The RPK production began in 1961 and ended in 1978. The RPK-74 began in 1974 replacing the older RPK. The RPK was based on the AK-47. The RPK was used by the NVA and Viet Congs in the Vietnam War.

South Italy

South Italy ( or just ) is one of the five official statistical regions of Italy used by the National Institute of Statistics (ISTAT), a NUTS1 level region.

South Italy is defined only for statistical and for some elections. It should not to be confused with the "Mezzogiorno", or Southern Italy, which generally refers to all the southern half of the Italian State, including the island of Sicily and sometimes even Sardinia. The two islands form a distinct statistical region.region.

South Italy borders to the north with Central Italy (to the northwest with Lazio and to the northeast with Marche). The Adriatic Sea is to the east and the Tyrrhenian Sea to the west, and the Ionian Sea to the south.

The Apennines are mountain ranges that goes from north to south through South Italy. The highest point in the region is the Corno Grande () (part of the Gran Sasso) that is high.

Central Italy encompasses six of the 20 regions of Italy, including 24 provinces and 1,789 comuniː

The "comuni" with more than 100,000 persons living in them areː


Champdor-Corcelles

Champdor-Corcelles is a commune in the Ain department of eastern France. It was established on 1 January 2016. It is made of the former communes of Champdor and Corcelles.


Le Poizat-Lalleyriat

Le Poizat-Lalleyriat is a commune in the Ain department of eastern France. It was established on January 1, 2016. It is made of the former communes of Lalleyriat and Le Poizat.


Val-Revermont

Val-Revermont is a commune in the Ain department of eastern France. It was established on January 1, 2016. It is made of the former communes of Treffort-Cuisiat and Pressiat.


Schwendibach

Schwendibach was a municipality in Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the former municipality of Schwendibach became part of of Steffisburg.

Seeberg

Seeberg is a municipality of the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. The lake Burgäschisee is on the border with Aeschi. On 1 January 2016, the former municipality of Hermiswil merged into Seeberg.


Laws of motion

In physics, a number of noted theories of the motion of objects have developed. Among the best-known are:

Interchangeable parts

Interchangeable parts is a basic concept of creating identical or nearly identical parts to be mass produced. These parts can then be put together to form a product. For example, cars, computers, furniture, almost all products used today, are made from interchangeable parts. These parts are made with precision machines so each part can fit in any product that uses this part. Since it is no longer necessary to make each part one at a time and by hand, assembling products takes fewer workers. This lowers the cost of the product. Interchangeability of parts also allows products to be repaired by replacing a broken part with an identical new part. Eli Whitney was the first to use interchangeable parts in manufacturing.

Several inventors have had the idea of interchangeable parts in the past. But their version of the idea revolved around parts that had very loose tolerances or were used only for very simple parts. In 1720 a Swedish inventor named Christopher Polhem used interchangeable parts for clocks in his workshop. But the idea was not used outside his shops. 

About the middle of the 18th century, French gunsmith Honoré Blanc developed the concept of interchangeable parts for muskets. Blanc tried to interest other European gunsmiths, but they were not impressed by the idea. But he did interest the American Ambassador to France, Thomas Jefferson. Jefferson quickly saw that mass production of weapons parts would free America from dependence on European sources for parts. He could not get Blanc to move to the United States but he did convince President George Washington it was a good idea. It came at a critical time when Congress was preparing for a war with France. In 1798, Eli Whitney got the first contract for 10,000 muskets to be delivered within two years. Whitney used a large force of unskilled workers and machinery to produce standardized identical parts at a low cost. What he produced was the first smoothbore flintlock musket produced in the United States, the Springfield Model 1795 Musket. Whitney's idea of using machines to create interchangeable parts started what came to be known as the "American system" of mass production.

The concept of mass production depends on the use of interchangeable parts. One of the most famous inventors to use interchangeable parts, mass production and the assembly line was Henry Ford. Unlike other cars of the time, his Ford Model T used the same identical parts in each vehicle. Parts were created in large quantities and delivered to his assembly plant where workers built the cars on an assembly line. This allowed Ford to produce a quality vehicle ready to go in just 93 minutes. Ford raised workers' wages in 1914 to $5 a day. That was an excellent wage at the time, so much so that it allowed many of his workers to buy their own Model T. That same year Ford produced more cars than all other car manufacturers combined. His least expensive model in 1914, the Runabout, sold for $440. By 1925 he was able to sell a Model T for as little as $260.


Social media in the 2016 United States presidential election

In 2016, social media had the biggest effect ever on the United States presidential election. For the first time, social media created the change (of plans for Democratic and Republican primaries) rather than talking about it. Many journalists expected this.

Many presidential candidates benefited from the use of social media in the 2016 election. 
Many people think social media is the reason Bernie Sanders did so well in the Democratic primaries. In May 2016, 450,000 people belonged to the pro-Sanders Facebook group "Bernie Sanders' Dank Meme Stash". Another pro-Sanders group, "Bernie or Hillary?", exists.

Social media is also thought by most people to be the reason Donald Trump did so well in the Republican primaries. Activity by Donald Trump supporters on social media was one of the things talked about at the first Republican debate. Trump mentioned that his social media accounts provided a tremendous platform for his election and helps keep people interested. 

"Right Side Broadcasting Network" often uploads live footage of Donald Trump rallys on YouTube, causing their popularity to go way up.

In April 2016, Correct the Record, a pro-Clinton super PAC, started a program called "Barrier Breakers" that wants to compete with the mostly online volunteer efforts of Sanders and Trump supporters. With $1 million in funding, Correct the Record hired a paid staff of people that used to be reporters, bloggers, public affairs specialists, designers to post good things about Clinton.

On June 9, 2016, as a response to Donald Trump's tweet about Obama's endorsement to Clinton, she wrote with a three word tweet: "Delete your account". This tweet has become her most retweeted tweet of all time.

By the end of June 2016, this most retweeted tweet of all time got more than 1,000,000 interactions. 

One form of social media being used in the 2016 election are memes. "The Guardian" compared Internet memes to political cartoons, saying, "For the first time in a US election cycle, community-generated (created) memes have grown to play a significant (important) role in political discourse (debate), similar to the classic printed cartoon. While an Internet meme is unlikely to destroy a political career, lots of memes targeting a candidate might." Many memes attacked Ted Cruz.

FN BRG-15

FN BRG-15 was a heavy machine gun. It was designed by Fabrique Nationale de Herstal to replace Browning M2HB .50 caliber heavy machine gun. However, the project was cancelled in the early 1990s.

Mettauertal

Mettauertal is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Etzgen, Hottwil, Mettau, Oberhofen and Wil merged into the new municipality of Mettauertal.


Münchwilen, Aargau

Münchwilen is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Unterehrendingen

Unterehrendingen is a village and former municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Unterehrendingen and Oberehrendingen merged into the new municipality of Ehrendingen

Lodano

Lodano is a village and former municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Aurigeno, Coglio, Giumaglio, Lodano, Moghegno and Someo merged into the municipality of Maggia.

Honoré Blanc

Honoré Blanc (1736–1807) was a French gunsmith and inventor. He was one of the first to use the concept of interchangeable parts. Blanc was born in Avignon, France in 1736. At age 12 he became an apprentice to a gunsmith. He was an armorer at the Charleville armory in Charleville-Mézières, Ardennes, France. In 1763 he became the controller of gunlocks at the Saint-Étienne arms factory. Just before the French Revolution, he came up with the idea of interchangeable parts for gun locks. 

By the 1760s, Blanc was making specialized machinery and tools to make gunlocks. His design for the Musket Model 1777 was accepted and he was made chief controller for three arms factories. In 1785, in an experiment, Blanc mixed parts from 25 gunlocks and assembled several models with ease. His demonstration showed the benefit of interchangeable parts and how it worked. He repeated the experiment for military policy makers in 1790. The French Academy of Sciences supported his idea in 1791. But the Legislative assembly would not fund his work. Blanc shifted his attention to setting up a private company to produce gunlocks using interchangeable parts in 1791. Even after receiving permission and s from the French government, he was very slow in getting started. He did not produce any gunlocks until 1796. His factory was still making gunlocks in 1807 when Blanc died.

While European gunsmiths were not impressed by the idea, he did interest the American Ambassador to France, Thomas Jefferson. Jefferson quickly saw that mass production of weapons parts would free America from dependence on European sources for parts. He could not get Blanc to move to the United States but he did convince President George Washington it was a good idea. In 1798, Eli Whitney got the first contract for 10,000 muskets to be delivered within two years. Whitney used a large force of unskilled workers and machinery to produce standardized identical parts at a low cost. This was the first time in the US Blanc's ideas of mass production were put to use. Congress had already decided to pattern the new musket after the 1763 French Charleville musket. This was one that Blanc had worked on early in his career. What resulted was the Springfield Model 1795 Musket, the first military musket made in the United States.


Seedorf, Bern

Seedorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Seedorf, Lobsigen, Wiler, Frieswil, Baggwil, Ruchwil, Dampfwil, Aspi, Grissenberg and Frienisberg.


Seehof, Switzerland

Seehof () is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. This is one of two German speaking cities in the majority French-speaking Bernese Jura (Jura bernois). The other is Schelten.

Long range shooting

Long range shooting is a relative term generally meaning accurate shooting at distances ordinary shooters with ordinary rifles could not hit. For example, Daniel Boone, using a flintlock rifle could probably hit a target at up to . Today, expert marksmen are hitting targets well over away. Modern long range shooting is more than just using modern machined actions and precision gun barrels. These produce a rifle that a decent shooter can hit targets at about 250 yards, ranges that were unheard of by black powder shooters. 

The ability to hit a target at (or 10 football fields away) requires the shooter to become an expert in ballistics. First, the shooter has to know exactly how far away target is. They have to be able to compensate for windage (the effects of wind on a bullet). Next, the shooter has to compute the "elevation". This is how far "above" the target the shooter must aim to compensate for the force of gravity on the bullet at a given distance. Shooters have to compensate also for shots uphill or downhill from their position. 

Other factors include "bullet Drift". This means a bullet that fired out of the barrel with a muzzle velocity (speed at the muzzle) of 2800 FPS that exits a barrel with 1:12 rifling is spinning at 168,000 RPMs. At just the bullet will drift about in the direction it was spinning. If the rifle has a right-hand twist, the bullet will go to the right of the target.

Long range shooters, and especially snipers, operate as a team. As difficult as long range shooting is, it would be even harder without a spotter. Spotters are also trained snipers or long range shooters. The spotter has a number of jobs. He helps locate the target. He does most of the calculations for elevation, windage, and hitting a moving target. With several targets, the spotter decides which to hit first. Spotters also measure the humidity, temperature, and the angle of the shot. He then tells the sniper/shooter what adjustments to make to the rifle scope. Finally, the spotter tells the shooter where the round hit—on target or a miss—and what adjustments to make to get back on-target.


Battle rifle

A battle rifle is a weapon that fires a powerful bullet such as 7.62×51mm NATO (.308 caliber) or 7.62×54mmR. They were most often used in the Cold War. Today, most armies use smaller, intermediate bullets like the 5.56×45mm NATO, but many many soldiers from different countries still use battle rifles - for example, in a sniper role. 

Some of the most popular battle rifles are the FN FAL, G3, and M14, all first made during the Cold War. Newer examples of this type of weapon include the Belgian or the American . There are also older weapons that can be described as battle rifles - for example, the M1 Garand rifle, used in World War II.

While battle rifles are much less popular now than in past decades, some armies are going back to the idea of giving their soldiers larger caliber rifles. In 2022, the United States Army decided to replace the old 5.56 M4 carbine with the , which fires a much bigger 6.8×51mm bullet. And the Turkish army uses the , a .308 battle rifle, as its standard issue weapon.

Ofanto

The Ofanto () is a river in South Italy that flows through the regions of Campania, Basilicata, and Apulia, and into the Adriatic Sea.

The Ofanto river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Ofanto river starts in the Apennines mountains, within the "Irpinia" (a historical region of the southern Apennines around Avellino), at an elevation of about , in the "comune" of Torella dei Lombardi, Province of Avellino, Campania. From there it runs southeast flowing into "Lago di Conza", a man-made reservoir.

The river forms the border between the province of Avellino and the province of Potenza and then turns to the north, forming the border between the province of Foggia and the province of Potenza. It then turns to the northeast and forms the border between the province of Foggia and the province of Barletta-Andria-Trani.

Finallly, the river flows, in the community of "Fiumara" between Margherita di Savoia and Barletta, into the Adriatic Sea near the Gulf of Manfredonia.

The Ofanto flows through 3 regions, 4 provinces and 33 "comuni", all in South Italy:

Most tributaries of the Ofanto river are small streams. Some of them are:


Apple Maps

Apple Maps is a mapping service. It is an app that comes with every iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, and Apple Watch, but not available on the web. It gives information about local businesses and their ratings, and reads driving directions as you are driving; or on an Apple Watch, it will vibrate when you need to turn. Apple Maps is also known for its 3D views of many major metro areas, which has been compared favorably to Google Earth.

It started in 2012, but when it started many users did not trust it and went back to using Google Maps. Apple has been busy fixing it so users can trust it, and nowadays Apple Maps is used 3.5 times as much as Google Maps on devices Apple Maps is supported. At first, Apple Maps was only on iOS, but Apple has made it so Apple Maps can also be used on Macs and Apple Watches.

Ajamu Baraka

Ajamu Baraka (born October 25, 1953) is an African American human rights activist. He is the Green Party's presumptive nominee for Vice President of the United States, in the 2016 election running with Jill Stein. Baraka has taught political science at Clark Atlanta University, Spelman College, and other academic institutions.

 

The Parent Trap (1998 movie)

The Parent Trap is a 1998 American romantic comedy movie co-written and directed by Nancy Meyers, and produced and co-written by Charles Shyer. It is a remake of the 1961 movie of the same name.

Dennis Quaid and Natasha Richardson star as a divorced couple who separated shortly after their identical twin daughters' birth; Lindsay Lohan stars (in her movie debut) as both twins.

Seftigen

Seftigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Signau

Signau is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Signau, Schüpbach, Höhe, Mutten and Häleschwand.


Frutigen-Niedersimmental (administrative district)

The administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the Swiss canton of Bern has 13 municipalities in an area of 774 km².

Interlaken-Oberhasli (administrative district)

The administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the Swiss canton of Bern has 29 municipalities in an area of 1,229 km².

Tonia Sotiropoulou

Tonia Sotiropoulou (born on 28 April 1987 in Glyfada, Athens, Greece) is a Greek actress and model. She left Greece to begin her international career when she was 21 years old. She is best known for being in the 2012 film "Skyfall". She also played in the 2014 film Hercules with Dwayne Johnson and Ian McShane.


Shermine Shahrivar

Shermine Shahrivar (; born on 20 November 1982) is a German model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Europe in 2005. She was born in Tehran, Iran.

She became Miss Germany in 2004 and then won the overall title of Miss Europe in 2005 while competing in France. She then participated in the Miss Universe 2004. Shermine currently lives in New York City where she is studying acting at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute.

She was born to Iranian parents. Her family moved to Germany when she was one year old. Her mother and brothers live in Germany. She was raised speaking German and Persian, and she is also fluent in French and English. Shahrivar has a university degree in social sciences. She was chosen to be the host of a Nowruz celebration in Oberhausen, Germany on March 19, 2005. She hosted Traumpartner TV in Germany from December 2004 to August 2005. She was also in an October edition of the German "Playboy".

She dated German actor Thomas Kretschmann in 2008 and then Australian actor Xavier Samuel in 2010. She is now dating Lapo Elkann.


Sigriswil

Sigriswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Aeschlen ob Gunten, Gunten, Meiersmaad, Merligen, Ringoldswil, Schwanden, Sigriswil, Tschingel ob Gunten, Wiler, Endorf, Reust and Justistal.


Social structure

Social structure is the framework of a society founded by a distinct tradition of hierarchy by birth in the social group and by occupation or tradition of work as a distinct social class.


Social investment

Social investments are resource inputs in any social groups or society that may bring about a social change. Special banks or cooperatives like Oikocredit make investments to help society.



Siselen

Siselen () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Sonceboz-Sombeval

Sonceboz-Sombeval is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. It is in the French-speaking Bernese Jura.


Sonvilier

Sonvilier is a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois in the Swiss canton of Bern.


List of flag bearers for Azerbaijan at the Olympics

This is a list of flag bearers who have represented Azerbaijan at the Olympics.

Flag bearers carry the national flag of their country at the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games.


Combat boot

Combat boots are military boots designed to be worn by soldiers during combat or combat training. They are not intended for wear during parades and other ceremonial duties. 

Modern combat boots are designed to provide a combination of grip, ankle stability, and foot protection suitable for a rugged environment. They are traditionally made of hardened and sometimes waterproofed leather. Today, many combat boots incorporate technologies originating in civilian hiking boots, such as Gore-Tex nylon side panels, which improve ventilation and comfort. They are also often specialized for certain climates and conditions, such as jungle boots, desert boots, and cold weather boots as well as specific uses, such as tanker boots and jump boots.

Jump boot

Jump boots are the combat boots worn by paratroopers. They have calf-length lacing and hard toes. During World War II, many countries came up with their own type of jump boots. The uppers are usually made of smooth black leather that is easy to shine. It is also a paratrooper tradition to lace jump boots in a ladder or cobweb style which increases ankle support during a parachute jump.

Vogue (Madonna song)

"Vogue" is a 1990 dance-pop and deep house song by Madonna. It was released on April 5, 1990, through Sire and Warner Bros. It is a single from the soundtrack for the film "I'm Breathless" (1990). The song is about Hollywood fashion. The song's rap section talks about 16 stars from the 1920s to the 1950s, such as Greta Garbo, Katharine Hepburn and Marilyn Monroe.

The song hit #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in May 1990. The song also hit #1 on several other charts worldwide.

The song won awards for Best Single and Best Video in the Rolling Stone Reader's Poll Awards.

The song comes in many remixes. One of them is eight minutes/twenty five seconds long.

On August 6, 2022, singer Beyoncé released a remix of her song "Break My Soul" with samples of "Vogue" called the Queens Remix. Instead of naming Golden Age celebrities, Beyoncé names Black female entertainers, such as Lizzo, Rihanna, Jill Scott, Janet Jackson, and Grace Jones.

Assassination of Orlando Letelier

The Assassination of Orlando Letelier was a car bombing which killed Orlando Letelier, a Chilean socialist political figure when Salvador Allende was president of Chile. It all starts when he was based in the United States as an activist but Letelier was assassinated in Washington, D.C. with his American assistant, Ronni Karpen Moffitt and her husband Michael (who worked for Letelier) by some Chilean DINA agents in September 21, 1976. Until 9/11, it was known as the most infamous act of international terrorism in the capital of the US.

Declassified U.S. intelligence documents show and confirm that Pinochet ordered the killing.



Beauty of Loulan

The Beauty of Loulan (楼兰美女) or Loulan Beauty (Other aliases: "Loulan middle-aged woman(楼兰長女)") is the preserved dead body of a woman who lived about 4000 years ago, during the Bronze Age. She was found on April 1, 1980 near the Silk Road in the Xinjiang region of China, by Chinese archaeologists Mu Sun-ing (穆舜英) and members of the Archaeological Institute of the Xinjiang Academy of Social Sciences. She is one of the Tarim mummies, named after where they were found, the .

Unlike , which were preserved on purpose, the Loulan Beauty was preserved almost by accident. She was buried near a salt lake in the desert, where the arid and dry conditions preserved even the finer details of her face, such as her eyelashes.

For many years, the Chinese government forebade the testing of the mummy's DNA, due to fears that it would lead to it being used by nationalist local Uighurs. In 1993, and Italian Paolo Francalacci, were able to some tissue samples, and although the Chinese government confiscated the samples, Mair claims a Chinese scientist later 'slipped in to their hands' as they were leaving. They found that the Loulan Beauty probably came from Siberia. Later, in 2007 and 2009, scientists from China's Jilin University and Fudan University both tested the Loulan Beauty's DNA. . They found she was at least part European, but her people might have lived in Siberia before migrating to Xinjiang. But they all found that the Loulan Beauty was not an Uighur woman, which meant there was less reason for people to argue about her. In 2015, the Chinese government let the Loulan Beauty and other mummies tour foreign museums as an exhibit about the Silk Road.

The woman is estimated to have been between 40 and 48 years old at the time of her death. The body is 152–155 cm in stature, and her blood type was O.

Scientists learned things about her life by looking at her body and clothes. Her shoes and clothing had been worn out and fixed repeatedly. Her hair was infested with lice. She had inhaled a great amount of sand, dust and charcoal and she may have died of lung problems. She lived around B.C 1900~B.C 1800.

The mummy is wrapped in a wool cloth, cowhide leather, and linen. She is wearing leather shoes. There were several items made out of clay and some grain found nearby.

In 1980, she was restored by a Japanese painter who was named Yamaguchi Terunari(山本耀也). The mummy is currently displayed on the second floor of the , "Mummy Hall"(古尸馆).



Orlando Letelier

Marcos Orlando Letelier del Solar (April 13, 1932 – September 21, 1976) was a Chilean socialist politician during the presidency of Salvador Allende.

Looking for a refuge from the military regime of General Augusto Pinochet, Letelier accepted academic positions in Washington, D.C. On September 21, 1976, he was killed in a car bomb by agents of the Pinochet regime's secret police, Dirección de Inteligencia Nacional in 1976, in collaboration with members of the "Coordination of United Revolutionary Organizations". Ronni Susan Moffitt (née Karpen) was also killed while her husband, Michael Paul Moffitt (who were married four months ago before the bombing) survives in the attack.



42 (disambiguation)

42 may mean:


2015 Rugby World Cup

The 2015 Rugby World Cup was the 8th Rugby World Cup tournament. It was played in England from 18 September to 31 October. Scotland won the tournament over Australia to win their 3rd title. 20 nations competed in the tournament.

On 28 July 2009, the International Rugby Board chose England as the host for the 205 tournament, and Japan for the 2019 competition. Italy, Japan and South Africa all wanted to host the tournament.

The final venues and schedule were all confirmed on on 2 May 2013.

12 of these teams qualified just from playing well in the last tournament, and the other 8 played in regional tournaments to qualify.


Qarabağ FK

Qarabağ Futbol Klubu (usually just called Qarabağ) is a professional association football club from Baku, Azerbaijan. The club was originally from Agdam, but moved to Baku because of the Nagorno-Karabakh War. The club plays in the Azerbaijan Premier League.

Qarabağ was formed in 1951, and were the founding members of the Azerbaijan Premier League in 1992. A season later they won their first league championship, which made them the first non-Baku based club to win the Azerbaijan Premier League title.

The clubs plays at the Tofiq Bahramov Republican Stadium, which has a capacity of around 31,200. The Azerbaijan national football team also uses that stadium. They used to play at the Imarat Stadium, but it was destroyed by the Armenian military during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.

The club won their first league title in 21 years in 2014. Qarabağ have won the Premier league four times and Azerbaijan Cup five times. In the same year, Qarabağ became the second Azerbaijani team to advance to the group stage of a European competition after they beat Twente in the play-off round of the 2014–15 UEFA Europa League.



Maryam Zakaria

Maryam Zakaria (Persian: مریم زکریا; born on 27 September 1985 in Tehran) Swedish-Iranian actress. She has worked in Bollywood and the South Indian Cinema. She is best known for her work in the 2012 film "Agent Vinod".

In Sweden, Zakaria worked as model, dance teacher, choreographer and established a Bollywood Dance School called the Indisk Dans Studio. She moved to Mumbai in 2009 and began to model in ads for Set Wet, Layz and Coke. She performed an item number in the film "Nagaram" (2010), after the director saw a video of her dancing on YouTube. The film was a big breakthrough for Zakaria.

Sornetan

Sornetan was a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Sornetan, Châtelat, Monible and Souboz merged into the new municipality of Petit-Val.

Fusil de chasse

The French-made Fusil de chasse ("fu-zi dee chā-se"), originally meant "gun of the hunt”, was a light smoothbore flintlock musket designed for hunting. They were an elegant flintlock with a distinctive "cow's foot" shape to the buttstock that softened recoil. This "La Peid" stock shape is typical of long guns made at Tulle. The Fusil de Chasse was made at the Tulle (France) arms factory. The fusils were very similar to the Charleville musket, also made at Tulle. Fusils were typically lighter and shorter than the Charleville muskets. The name fusil is phonetically pronounced "fusee" in English." The French name Fusil is a corruption of the Italian "fucile" meaning flint. Both the French and the British had versions of the officer's fusil. The British fucils were based on the Brown Bess musket. Also from the name fusil comes the term fusilier. A very similar but cheaper version was the fusil de traite (trade gun). The officer's fusil is fitted for a sling and the stock is shorter than the barrel in order to fit a socket bayonet. The officer's fusil was much better made. But there is some confusion between the two versions. At 20 gauge (.62 caliber) the fusil was also used as a fowling gun (early predecessor of the shotgun). Fusils were a common musket in 18th century Colonial America and were used by Americans during the American Revolution.

In France, the manufacturing of arms got its start as a large industry in Saint-Étienne in about 1535. The first armory was set up in 1669. By 1646, arms manufacturing had started up at Tulle nearby. In 1690 an armory was set up there as well. The flintlock was adopted by France for her armies in 1630. Both Tulle and Saint-Étienne furnished flintlocks for the French troops in America. The typical musket in 1690 was about long and had a barrel of about . Until about 1718, captains were responsible to make sure each soldier had a working firearm, but other than that the captain allowed his soldiers to choose which musket they would use. Often, that meant there was no standard musket in use in a company let alone an army. This was a common failing of all armies of the time. That changed with the Model 1717 fusil which standardized the muskets and ammunition used by the French army. It was longer than the British muskets of the time giving French troops an advantage. At and with a barrel of it allowed troops to fire from three ranks at the same time. With the bayonet, it had the advantage of being longer. The combination of a longer barrel and a front sight to aim the weapon also made it slightly more accurate than British muskets. A few improvements were made with the M1728 model but it was otherwise the same musket. More improvements were made in 1746 when the wood ramrod was replaced with a metal one. The French muskets shot 18 bullets to the pound which translates to .69 caliber. A fourth model was issued in 1754 with a shorter lighter version for officers. The officers model weighed about and was in length. All officers, including generals, carried an officer's model fusil. These were used during the French and Indian War and many were used by Americans during the American Revolution.

The fusil de chasse was designed for hunting. Generally the muskets made at Tull were defined by models, but some hunting fusils were made to order. Differences were based on their intended purpose and market. In 1695 and 1696 contracts for muskets from the Tulle factory each called for "five hunting muskets for the Indian Chiefs". These models would later be called a Fusil fin (chief's grade musket). These muskets were to be caliber 28 balls to the pound (approximately .56 caliber), long, "well filed and well polished with fine mountings and a flat lock". These gifts to Indian chiefs were elegant hunting muskets.

In New France, the Indians allied to the French carried French fusils. These were either Fusils de chasse or de traite. At the Battle of the Monongahela, British General Edward Braddock led his troops directly into an ambush by native american and French troops in July of 1755. Braddock was killed, no doubt, by a .62 caliber ball fired from a French fusil. The smoothbore Tulle musket was carried by most, if not all, the Indians who attacked Braddock at the Monongahela River. Native warriors took very good care of their muskets and strongly preferred the French fusils over guns made elsewhere. Although the fusil de traite was designed as a less-expensive trade gun, many Indians knew the difference and preferred the fusil de chasse. While there were a number of different models of fusils sent to the Americas, the light musket de chasse was designed for those who hunted for a living. So many were needed that the factory at Saint-Étienne had to handle the extra demand. Most of these were shipped to New France where trading was the main activity between Native Americans and the French. Both varieties were made with either iron or brass fittings and most were .62 caliber. Both were marked "Tulle" (earlier spelling was "Tvlle") on the lock plate. This makes archaeological finds harder to tell apart over two centuries later. Many of the reproductions made today are marked "Tulle".

The various flintlocks produced at Tulle had the following costs in 1750:


List of programs broadcast by Discovery Kids

This is a list of programs on Discovery Kids.



Sorvilier

Sorvilier is a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

The municipality is in the Tavannes valley on both sides of the Birs river.


Sun Myung Moon

Sun Myung Moon (25 February 1920 – 3 September 2012) was a Korean religious leader, businessman and political activist. He believed he was the second coming of Jesus Christ. He founded the Unification Church. He was an ardent anti-communist and advocate for Korean reunification. He was recognized by the governments of North and South Korea. His business interests included New World Communications, an American news group that owned "The Washington Times".

Moon was born in what is now North Korea. He moved to the United States in 1971. He became well-known after giving a series of public speeches based on his beliefs.

Critics called Moon a cult leader because he made high demands on his followers. He was criticized for his relationships with political and religious people, such as Presidents of the United States Richard Nixon, George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush. His wedding ceremonies drew criticism, especially when they involved members of other churches, such as the Roman Catholic bishop Emmanuel Milingo.

Moon died on 3 September 2012 of pneumonia and its complications.

The Dream Job

The Dream Job (Chinese: 绝世好工) is a Singaporean drama television series. It is produced and shown on Mediacorp Channel 8. It began its run from 28 June 2016. There are 30 episodes. It stars Hugo Ng, Shaun Chen, Jeanette Aw, Rebecca Lim, Zhang Zhenhuan and Ian Fang as the main characters.

A vast fortune and inheritance is at stake when a mysterious man offers three young candidates a dream job at his horticulture estate. They are eventually discovered to be his illegitimate children from the many affairs he had during his younger days. In the beginning, revenge and family politics are at play, but when one of them gets falsely accused of committing murder, the "siblings" finally overcome differences and band together.

Some scenes of this drama were shot in Perth, Australia.


Souboz

Souboz was a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Souboz, Châtelat, Monible and Sornetan merged into the new municipality of Petit-Val.

Oberaargau (administrative district)

The administrative district of Oberaargau in the Swiss canton of Bern has 50 municipalities in an area of 354 km².

Sirkazhi

Sirkazhi is a major town in the Mayiladuthurai district, Tamil Nadu, India. The town covers an area of . The population according to 2011 census is 34,927. This city is the part of Cauvery delta region.

Sirkazhi is the motherland of the shaiva saint Thirugnanasambandhar, world renowned actor Sivaji Ganesan and many famous people.

The literacy rate of Sirkazhi population is 81.5%.87% of the population is Hindus, 9.5% are Muslim, 2.1% are Christians and 1% are others.

Famous temples here are the Bhrammapureeshwarar temple, also known as Sattainathar Temple,Vaitheeswaran temple and Kazheesirama Vinnagaram temple.

Gypsy Taub

Oxane "Gypsy" Taub (born 1970) is one of San Francisco's most well-known activists in naturism and "body freedom" of the past decade.

On June 18, 2015, Taub along with activist George Davis settled a lawsuit with the city of San Francisco with a one-time payment of $20,000 to the plaintiffs, who had hoped to overturn the city's 2013 ban on unregulated public nudity.

On September 25, 2015, a federal judge ordered San Francisco to issue a parade permit to Taub’s group for another naked march after the city had previously denied their applications.

In December 2015, Taub was characterized as San Francisco's most notorious nudist.

On August 7, 2016, Taub organized a four-hour nude "Summer of Love" event with a parade from Jane Warner Plaza to the edge of Golden Gate Park and back, followed by nude dancing at the Plaza.


E-flat major

E major is a musical major scale starting on E. Its key signature has three flats.

Its relative major is C minor and its parallel minor is E minor.

D-flat major

D major (or D-flat major) is a major scale based on D. Its key signature has five flats.

Its relative minor is B minor, and its parallel minor is D minor. This is usually replaced by C♯ minor because D♭ minor's eight flats (including the double-flat) make it generally impractical to use. Therefore, D♭ minor is often used as the parallel key of C♯ minor.

For example, Chopin's Prelude No. 15 in D-flat major ("Raindrop"), modulates from D-flat major to C-sharp minor for the middle section in the parallel minor, and in his Fantaisie-Impromptu, primarily in C-sharp minor, Chopin switches to D-flat major for the middle section for the opposite reason. Claude Debussy also switches from D-flat major to C-sharp minor in the significant section in his famous Clair de lune. Antonín Dvořák's New World Symphony likewise switches to C-sharp minor for a while for the significant section in the slow movement.

C-flat major

C-flat major (or the key of C-flat) is a major scale based on C, containing the pitches C, D, E, F, G, A, and B. Its key signature has seven flats. The B major is the same as C-Flat, B major is a key signature with five sharps.

The C-flat major scale is:

Rafida Bonya Ahmed

Rafida Bonya Ahmed, better known as Bonya Ahmed, (Bengali: রাফিদা আহমেদ বন্যা, b. 1969), is a Bangladeshi-American author, humanist activist, and blogger.

On February 26, 2015, Bonya and her husband Avijit Roy were attacked by machete wielding Islamic extremists while they were visiting Dhaka, Bangladesh, on a book signing trip. They were attacked in the middle of the street at a very crowded book fair. Avijit died after he was taken to the hospital, and Bonya was seriously injured.

Bonya was born in Dhaka, Bangladesh. She completed her undergraduate degree in Computer Information Science at Minnesota State University in Mankato.

Bonya met Avijit through their writing on Mukto-Mona, the first online platform for Bengali speaking freethinkers, atheists, and secular bloggers and writers founded by Avijit. This group started the first celebration of Darwin Day in Bangladesh. Mukto-Mona was internationally recognized in 2015 and received The BOBS jury award.
Bonya wrote one of the first popular science books in Bangladesh about biological evolution, named "Bibortoner Path Dhore" ("Along the Evolutionary Path", 2007). She is one of the moderators of Mukto-Mona.

Bonya has a daughter, Trisha Ahmed, from her first marriage. Trisha wrote an article with her stepfather Avijit for the "Free Inquiry" magazine about imprisoned secularist bloggers. Ahmed has been diagnosed with thyroid cancer.

Bonya decided to take a leave of absence from her job as a Senior Director at a credit bureau in the US after the attack on her and Avijit. She started working with the humanist associations in Europe and the US to raise awareness about the attacks on the secular intellectuals in Bangladesh by Islamic fundamentalists. She is currently doing research work on Islamic fundamentalism as a visiting research scholar at University of Texas, Austin. A week after her husband's death, Bonya started meeting with humanist associations in Europe, and working to get other activists out of Bangladesh, before they could be killed.

In 2016, Bonya received the Freedom From Religion Foundation's "Forward" award. She is on the jury of Deutsche Welle's The BOBS Best of Online Activism Award.



Hayes School

Hayes School is a mixed secondary school in Hayes, Bromley. This school is an academy. The head teacher is Mr. Whittle, as of July 2016. This school has an Ofsted rating of "Outstanding". This school has some of the highest GCSE and A-Level results in the country. In 2016, the school was announced as one of the top 100 schools in England for its GCSE results. Hayes School has a long waiting list and is very popular.

The school became independent from the local Parish school in 1956. In 1956, the only building in the school was a Victorian-style mansion named Gadsden. Today, the Gadsden holds the main reception, the student reception, a few offices, and other things. As soon as it became independent from the Parish school, it started accepting both genders. By then, most of the school was relocated to A Block, which had 3 floors.

Petit-Val

Petit-Val is a new municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Châtelat, Monible, Sornetan and Souboz merged into the new municipality of Petit-Val.


Obersimmental-Saanen (administrative district)

The administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen in the Swiss canton of Bern has 7 municipalities in an area of 575 km².

Spiez

Spiez is a municipality in Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

It is on the Lake Thun.


Recoil

Recoil or kick (sometimes incorrectly called kickback) is the tendency of a firearm to move backwards and at the same time the muzzle of the gun to rise when fired. This is a reaction to the explosive force of a bullet leaving the barrel of a firearm. A handgun shooter feels the recoil in the hands and arms. A rifle or shotgun shooter feels most of the recoil in his or her shoulder.

Recoil is explained by Newton’s third law of motion. It is usually paraphrased as: "to every action there is always an equal and opposite reaction". In simpler terms, when a projectile and the hot gasses go forward, the firearm goes backwards. There are a number of factors that determine the amount of backward force.


For example, a .22 Long Rifle (the designation of the bullet not the gun) has very little recoil. For this reason it is a caliber recommended for beginning shooters and, because the rounds are cheap, it is good practice ammunition for more experienced shooters. It is a favorite ammunition for target shooting. By comparison, the .500 S&W Magnum handgun round has very heavy recoil. Also, the recoil from the .500 magnum round is more sharply felt since the recoil speed is much greater.

One of the first things new shooters want to know is if a gun will kick them. New shooters learn to hold the gun firmly to reduce and control recoil. If firing a handgun, use both hands. If firing a shotgun or rifle, press it firmly against the shoulder and press your cheek on the gunstock. But, instructors often tell new students that recoil is 80% mental and only 20% physical. In other words, no matter how well you hold the weapon, recoil anticipation can ruin every shot.

Recoil anticipation, or more commonly known as "flinching", is the unintended (not intended or planned mental and physical response to firing a gun. The shooter knows the loud noise and shock of firing the weapon is coming and at the last moment flinches. This often causes an inexperienced shooter to hit low of the intended target. Another form of recoil anticipation is when new shooters unconsciously move the gun forward while pressing the trigger. This is very difficult for instructors to see until the shooter presses the trigger on an empty chamber. Only then can the instructor see the shooter moving the gun forward. 

Another problem is jerking the trigger. Instead of smoothly pulling the trigger while concentrating on the target, an inexperienced shooter often "jerks" the trigger. If shooters are consistently hitting low and to the left (right handed shooters) they are usually jerking the trigger. Shooters probably don't understand that quickly yanking the trigger back ruins the shot.

All forms of recoil anticipation are eliminated or reduced through practice. Good instruction in safe firearms practices is also very important.


Lego Ninjago

Lego Ninjago is a line of sets (video games, television series, and toys) produced by Lego. It is based on the sets of six Ninja: Lloyd, Kai, Jay, Nya, Zane, and Cole, and many other characters from the television series. 

The television series is about all characters in the land of Ninjago. The television series first aired in 2011. It was a major success and airs on Cartoon Network

The animated television series is based on The Ninja (Lloyd, Kai, Jay, Zane, Nya and Cole) fighting with a number of villains with various motivations.

There are many toys of Lego Ninjago which all are based on the characters. The toys are Lego Ninjago's first success, and have been successful since when the show first aired to when it ended in October 2022.

Lego Ninjago video games are usually based on the television series. Lego Ninjago games are produced by Lego System A/S. Most Lego Ninjago video games are placed in Google Play. 


Ceratonia

Ceratonia is small genus of flowering trees in the pea family, Fabaceae, endemic to the Mediterranean region and the Middle East. Its best known member, the carob tree, is cultivated for its fruits (called s) and has been widely introduced to regions with similar climates.

It belongs to the subfamily Caesalpinioideae.

The genus was created by Carl Linnaeus and published in "Species Plantarum" 2: 1026 en 1753. The type specimen is "Ceratonia siliqua".

The genus was long considered monotypic (with only one species), but a second species, "Ceratonia oreothauma", was identified in 1979 from Oman and Somalia.

Some photos of "Ceratonia siliqua" (the carob tree):

Carob

The carob is a species of flowering evergreen tree in the pea family, Fabaceae. Its scientific name is "Ceratonia siliqua" L.

It is widely grown for its edible s, and as an ornamental tree in gardens. The ripe, dried pod is often ground to carob powder, which is used to replace cocoa powder. Carob bars, an alternative to chocolate bars, are often available in health-food stores.

The tree is known in English as carob tree, St John's-bread or locust bean (not to be confused with the African locust bean).

The word carob, used commonly for the fruit, comes from Middle French "carobe" (modern ), which borrowed it from Arabic ("kharrūb", "locust bean pod").

Common names in some other languages are:

"Ceratonia siliqua", the scientific name of the carob tree given by Carolus Linnaeus to this plant, comes from the Greek "kerátiοn" κεράτιον 'fruit of the carob (from "keras" κέρας 'horn'), and Latin "siliqua" ", carob".

The carat, a unit of mass for gemstones, and of purity for gold, takes its name, indirectly, from the Greek word for a carob seed, "kerátion".

The carob tree grows up to tall. The crown (the upper part of tree) is broad and semispherical, supported by a thick trunk with brown rough bark and solid and firm branches. Leaves are long, alternate and compound.

Most carob trees are dioecious (with separate male an female plants) but some are hermaphrodite. The male trees do not produce fruit. The trees blossom in autumn. The flowers are small and in an inflorescence axis in racemes like catkins; the pollination is by both wind and insects.

The fruit is a legume (also known as a pod). The pods take a full year to develop and ripen. The sweet ripe pods eventually fall to the ground and are eaten by various mammals (goats, sheep, cows), and so the hard seeds are dispersed.

The carob tree is native to the Cyprus island, Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Libya, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Tunisia, Turkey.

It is generally found within 30-45°N and 30-40°S and from sea level to an altitude of .

It has been introduced into regions with a similar Mediterranean climate.

Carob eaten by humans is the dried (and sometimes roasted) pod. The pod have 5 to 18 hard brown seeds (10% of the pod weight) within a sweet thick pulp substance.

Carob is mildly sweet and is used in powdered, chip, or syrup form as an ingredient in cakes and cookies, and as a substitute for chocolate. Carob bars are widely available in health food stores. A traditional sweet, eaten during Lent and Good Friday, is also made from carob pods in Malta.

Carob pod meal is used as an energy-rich feed for livestock, particularly for ruminants, though its high tannin content may limit its use.

In Cyprus, carob syrup is known as Cyprus's black gold, and is widely exported. In Malta, a syrup ("ġulepp tal-ħarrub") is made out of carob pods. Carob syrup is also used in Crete as a natural sweetener, and is considered a natural source of calcium. It contains three times more calcium than milk. It is also rich in iron, phosphorus, and natural fibers (Due to its strong taste, it can be found mixed with orange or chocolate).

Carob juice drinks are traditionally drunk during the Islamic month of Ramadan. Crushed pods may be used to make a beverage; , liqueur, and syrup are made from carob in Turkey, Malta, Portugal, Spain, and Sicily. Several studies suggest that carob may aid in treating diarrhea in infants.

"C. siliqua" is widely planted in the horticultural as an ornamental plant for planting in Mediterranean climate and other temperate regions around the world, as in California and Hawaii. The plant can be used as a dense and large hedge.

According to FAO, the top carob-producing countries are (in metric tonnes, 2012): "Source: UN Food & Agriculture Organisation (FAO)"

(F) = FAO estimate


2016 Turkish purges

The 2014–2016 Turkish judicial purges were purges of the judicial system of Turkey that took place in January 2014 and July 2016 during the presidency of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. In January 2014, 120 judges and prosecutors were reassigned during a major corruption enquiry and on 16 July 2016, 2,745 judges were dismissed immediately following the 2016 Turkish coup d'état attempt.


Araucanía Region

The IX Araucanía Region () is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions. Its capital and largest city is Temuco.

The "Auracanía" means "place where the "Araucanians" live". Araucanian () was the name given by the Spanish to the Mapuche people that live in the region.

The Araucanía region has an area of .

It borders the Bío Bío region (Bío Bío and Arauco provinces), to the north, Argentina to the east, the Los Ríos region to the south and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

The two main rivers in the region are the Imperial and the Toltén rivers.

The highest mountain in the region is the "Lanín" volcano (), , on the border with Argentina (Neuquén Province); it is .

The Auracanía had a population of 869,535 inhabitants (2002 census) and its population density was .

The largest city in the region is its capital, Temuco, with 227,086 inhabitants (2002 census). The other provincial capital, Angol had 43,801 inhabitants.

The Auracanía region is further subdivided into two provinces: Cautín and Malleco.



Los Ríos Region

The XIV Los Ríos Region (, "Region of the Rivers") is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions. Its capital and largest city is Valdivia.

It began to operate as a region on 2007, having been created by subdividing the Los Lagos Region in southern Chile. It consists of two provinces: Valdivia and the new El Ranco province, that was part of the Valdivia province.

The Los Ríos region has an area of .

It borders the La Araucanía region to the north, Argentina to the east, the Los Lagos region to the south and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

The two main rivers in the region are the Valdivia river, in the northern part of the region, and the Bueno river, in the southern part of the region.

The highest mountain in the region is the Villarrica volcano () (), high, near the border with Argentina.

The Los Ríos had a population of 356,396 inhabitants (2002 census) and its population density was .

The largest city in the region is its capital, Valdivia, with 127,750 inhabitants (2002 census). The other provincial capital, La Unión had 25,615 inhabitants.

The Los Ríos region is further subdivided into two provinces: Valdivia and El Ranco.



Los Lagos Region

The X Los Lagos Region () is one of the fifteen regions of Chile. It has four provinces.

The capital city of the region is Puerto Montt. Other towns are Puerto Varas, Ancud and Frutillar.



Maule Region

The VII Maule Region () is one of Chile's 16 first order administrative divisions. Its capital is Talca.

The region is named after its main river: the Maule river.

The city of Talca was founded in 1692 by General Governor Tomás Marín de Poveda. On 17 February 1742 it got the name of "Villa San Agustín de Talca" by Governor José Antonio Manso de Velasco. Curicó followed in 1743, Linares and Parral in 1794.

In Talca is the house where Bernardo O'Higgins signed the proclamation of the independence of Chile on 12 February 1818. It is now a museum.

The Maule region borders the Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins region to the north, Argentina to the east, the Ñuble region to the south and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

The two main rivers in the region are the Maule and the Mataquito rivers.

, there were (estimated) 1,042,989 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

People from this region are known as "Maulinos" (women: "Maulinas").

The largest city in the region is Talca, with 189,505 inhabitants (2002 census).

The Maule region is further subdivided into four provinces: Talca, Curicó, Linares and Cauquenes.



Hurricane Earl

Hurricane Earl was a tropical cyclone in the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico in August 2016. The storm struck Belize and Mexico with wind of around 80 mph.

The storm caused 13 deaths in the Dominican Republic. More than fifty other deaths took place, mostly in Mexico. Damage totaled over $115 million.

Gwangju

Gwangju is the sixth largest city in South Korea. It is in the southwest of Korea and is the center of Honam's economy, culture, education and government.

Kerckhoffs's principle

Kerckhoffs's principle (axiom, or law) is an idea in cryptography. It was stated by Dutch cryptographer Auguste Kerckhoffs in the 19th century. It is:

Kerckhoffs's principle was more briefly stated by American mathematician Claude Shannon as "the enemy knows the system", that is, "one ought to design systems under the assumption that the enemy will immediately gain full familiarity with them". In that form, it is called Shannon's maxim. It is opposite to the idea of "security through obscurity".


Some are no longer relevant given the ability of computers to perform complex encryption. The second axiom, Kerckhoffs's principle, is still vitally important.

Charleville musket

The Charleville muskets were .69 caliber French smoothbore flintlock muskets used in the 18th and 19th centuries. The Charleville was used during the American Revolutionary War by the Americans and was later copied and manufactured in the US as the Springfield Model 1795 Musket.

About 1630, Frenchman Marin le Bourgeoys (c.1550–1634) created the first "true" flintlock, also called the "French lock". Bourgeoys was in the service of King Louis XIII of France for whom he created the flintlock mechanism. Throughout the 17th century, flintlock muskets were produced in a wide variety of models.

In 1717, the original "Charleville" flintlock musket was made for the French military. This became the first standard flintlock musket to be issued to all troops. While it is more correctly called a French infantry musket or a French pattern musket, these muskets later became known as "Charleville muskets". They were named after the armory in Charleville-Mézières, Ardennes, France. The standard French infantry musket was also produced at Tulle, St. Etienne, Maubeuge Arsenal, and other sites. While technically not the correct name for these muskets, the use of the name Charleville dates back to the U.S. Revolutionary War, when Americans tended to refer to all of the musket models as Charlevilles. It should be noted that the naming of these muskets is not consistent. Some references only refer to Model 1763 and later versions as Charleville flint lock muskets, while other references refer to all models as the Charleville.
The Charleville musket's design was refined several times during its service life. Later models of Charleville muskets remained in service until 1840. This was when percussion lock systems made the flintlock mechanism obsolete.

Charleville muskets had a smoothbore barrel. Rifles were more accurate than muskets because of their rifling, but military commanders favored smoothbores on the battlefield. Both types used black powder which caused fouling. Because the bullet was a tighter fit in the barrel (weapons), Rifles became very difficult to load after a few shots. Early on, the longer range and better accuracy of the rifle was also considered to be of little value on a battlefield that was quickly obscured by black powder smoke. Like all smooth bore muskets, the Charleville flintlock musket was only accurate to about against a column of men, or against a single man-sized target.

The Charleville's .69" (17.5mm) caliber barrel was slightly smaller than its main competitor, the .75 caliber Brown Bess produced by the British. The smaller round was intentionally chosen to reduce weight in the field. But the .69 caliber ball round still had enough mass to be effective against enemy soldiers. The Charleville's stock was usually made out of walnut.

Charleville muskets were not used in battle like a modern rifle. Instead, Charleville muskets, like the Brown Bess muskets, were fired in mass formations. In modern warfare, bayonets are considered to be last-ditch weapons. But in the 18th century firing muskets only paved the way for a bayonet charge. Muskets with bayonets attached were used as a pike type weapon in close Hand-to-hand combat. This use as a pike dictated the Charleville's general length and weight. A shorter weapon could not be used as a pike, and its weight was a balance between being heavy enough to be used as a pike or club, but light enough to be carried and used by general infantrymen.

The rate of fire depended on the skill of the soldier, but was typically about three shots per minute. After 1728, the Charleville's barrel was held into place by three barrel bands making it much sturdier. In 1743 the wooden ramrod was replaced with a steel one. Additional improvements were made in the 1750s and 1760s. The 1763 model was determined to be too heavy. In 1766 it was replaced by a lighter version.


Kirchhoff's laws

There are several Kirchhoff's laws, all named after Gustav Kirchhoff:


Arrondissements of the Charente-Maritime department

There are 5 arrondissements in the Charente-Maritime department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 5 arrondissements of Charente-Maritime are:
Since its creation, the Charente-Maritime department has had some changes:


Arrondissement of Jonzac

The arrondissement of Jonzac is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente-Maritime department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Jonzac.

When the Charente-Maritime department was created on 1790, Jonzac was not one of the original districts but soon, in 1800, it was made one of the "arrondissement"s of the department with the territories of the Monlieu and Pons districts.

The "arrondissement" of Jonzac has an area of , and a population of 56,973 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

Jonzac is the southernmost "arrondissement" of the department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Saintes, to the east by the Charente department and to the southeast and east by the Gironde department. To the northwest of the department is the southern part the Gironde estuary, the largest estuary of France.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Jonzac, there is only one canton where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": the Thénac canton. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Jonzac has 129 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Atacama Region

The Atacama Region Region () is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions. The southern portion of the Atacama Desert is in the region; the rest of the desert is in the other regions to the north ("Norte Grande" natural region).

The capital of the region is the city of Copiapó; it is at north of Santiago, the capital of country.

From 1843, Atacama was a province of Chile but in 1974, with the creation of the Regions of Chile, it became one of those regions.

The Atacama region borders the Tarapacá region to the north, Argentina (provinces of Catamarca, La Rioja and San Juan), on the east, the Coquimbo region on the south and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

The highest mountains of the region are: Nevados Ojos del Salado, high, and Nevado Tres Cruces, high; they are in the Andes, in the border with Argentina.

, there were (estimated) 312,486 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city in the region is its capital, Copiapó, with 125,983 inhabitants (2002 census).

The Atacama region is divided in three provinces: Chañaral, Copiapó and Huasco.



Coquimbo Region

The IV Coquimbo Region () is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions.

The capital of the region is the city of La Serena; it is at north of Santiago, the capital of the country. Other important cities include the seaport Coquimbo and the agricultural centre Ovalle.

From 1826, Coquimbo was a province of Chile but in 1974, with the creation of the Regions of Chile, it became one of the Chilean regions.

The Coquimbo region borders the Atacama region to the north, Argentina on the east, the Valparaíso region on the south and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

The three main rivers are Elqui, Limarí and Choapa.

, there were (estimated) 771,085 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city in the region is its capital, La Serena, with 160,148 inhabitants (2002 census). The port of Coquimbo had 148,438 inhabitants.

The Coquimbo region is divided in three provinces: Choapa, Elqui and Limarí.



Valparaíso Region

The Valparaiso Region () is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions.

The capital of the region is the city of Valparaiso, an important Chilean seaport. Other important cities are Viña del Mar, Quillota, Quilpué and Villa Alemana.

Valparaíso was made a province in 1842. In January 1928, Valparaíso was made part of the new province of "Aconcagua" but in 1936 was made again a province. In 1974, with the creation of the Regions of Chile, Valparaíso became one of the Chilean regions.

The Valparaíso region borders the Coquimbo region to the north, Argentina and Santiago Metropolitan Region on the east, the Santiago Metropolitan Region region on the south, the O'Higgins region on the southwestern and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

The three main rivers are:

, there were (estimated) 1,825,757 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city in the region is Viña del Mar, with 286, 931 inhabitants (2002 census). The capital of the region, Valparaíso, had in 2002 263,499 inhabitants.

The Valparaíso region is divided in eight provinces:



Arrondissement of Rochefort

The arrondissement of Rochefort is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente-Maritime department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Rochefort.

When the Charente-Maritime department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of Rochefort was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Rochefort has an area of , and a population of 187,843 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

Rochefort is in the northern half of the department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of La Rochelle, to the northeast by the Deux-Sèvres department, to the east by the "arrondissements" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély and Saintes. To the south is the upper part the Gironde estuary, the largest estuary of France, and the Atlantic Ocean is to the west.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Rochefort, there are 12 cantons, some of them only partially. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Rochefort has 82 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of La Rochelle

The arrondissement of La Rochelle is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente-Maritime department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital, and the prefecture of the department, is the city of La Rochelle.

When the Charente-Maritime department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of La Rochelle was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of La Rochelle is the smallest of the "arrondissements" of the Charente-Maritime department but the one with more people living in it. It has an area of , and a population of 210,151 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

La Rochelle is the northernmost "arrondissement" of the department. It is formed from the old province of "Aunis", with centre in La Rochelle, its historical capital.

It is bordered to the north by the Vendée department, to the east by the Deux-Sèvres department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Rochefort, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of La Rochelle, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": the Châtelaillon-Plage and La Jarrie cantons. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of La Rochelle has 58 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


St. Stephan

St. Stephan is a municipality in the administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Stettlen

Stettlen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Studen, Bern

Studen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Sumiswald

Sumiswald is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Sutz-Lattrigen

Sutz-Lattrigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

It is on the southern shore of Lake Biel.

It is home to a number of Neolithic and Bronze Age lake shore archeological sites, including one that is part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site.


Tägertschi

Tägertschi was a municipality of the administrative district Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipality of Tägertschi merged into the municipality of Münsingen.

Siege of Petersburg

The Richmond–Petersburg Campaign was a series of battles around Petersburg, Virginia, fought from June 9, 1864, to March 25, 1865. Fought during the American Civil War, it is more popularly known as the Siege of Petersburg. But it was not a classic military siege, in which a city is usually surrounded and all supply lines are cut off. Nor was it strictly limited to actions against Petersburg. The campaign consisted of nine months of trench warfare in which Union forces commanded by Lieutenant General Ulysses S. Grant assaulted Petersburg unsuccessfully. Then the Union Army constructed trench lines that eventually extended over . They ran from the eastern outskirts of Richmond, Virginia, to around the eastern and southern outskirts of Petersburg. Petersburg was critical to the supply of Confederate Lieutenant General Robert E. Lee's army and the Confederate capital of Richmond. Numerous raids were conducted and battles fought in attempts to cut off the railroad supply lines through Petersburg to Richmond. Many of these caused the lengthening of the trench lines, overloading dwindling Confederate resources.

Lee finally gave in to the pressure and abandoned both cities on April 3, 1865. This led to Lee's final surrender at Appomattox Court House on April 9, 1865. The trench warfare of Petersburg became common in World War I, earning it a prominent position in military history. Of the 4,000 African American troops of the 4th Division, IX Corps, who fought at the Battle of the Crater on July 30, 1864, over half were killed, wounded or captured.

On March 10, 1864, Ulysses S. Grant was promoted to lieutenant general. He was given command of all Union troops. Grant planned a coordinated strategy to apply pressure on the Confederacy from many points. This was something President Abraham Lincoln had urged his generals to do from the beginning of the war. Grant put Major General William T. Sherman in immediate command of all forces in the West. He moved his own headquarters to be with the Army of the Potomac (still commanded by Maj. Gen. George G. Meade) in Virginia. Grant intended to maneuver Lee's army to a decisive battle. His secondary objective was to capture Richmond (the capital of the Confederacy). But Grant knew that the latter would happen automatically once the former was accomplished. His coordinated strategy called for Grant and Meade to attack Lee from the north, while Major General Benjamin Butler drove toward Richmond from the southeast. Major General Franz Sigel was to control the Shenandoah Valley. Sherman was ordered to invade Georgia, break up the Confederate Army of Tennessee, and capture Atlanta. Brigadier Generals George Crook and William W. Averell were to operate against railroad supply lines in Tennessee and Virginia. Finally, Major General Nathaniel P. Banks was assigned the task of capturing Mobile, Alabama.

Most of these initiatives failed. Many of the assignment of generals to Grant were for political rather than military reasons. Butler's Army of the James bogged down against inferior forces under Gen. P.G.T. Beauregard before Richmond in the Bermuda Hundred Campaign. Sigel was soundly defeated at the Battle of New Market in May. At Lincoln's request, Banks was sent to Louisiana for the Red River Campaign and his move on Mobile was cancelled. However, Crook and Averell were able to cut the last railway linking Virginia and Tennessee. Sherman's Atlanta Campaign was a success, although it dragged on through the fall.

Grant and Meade's Army of the Potomac crossed the Rappahannock River and entered the area known as the Wilderness. On May 5, 1864, Grant was met by an undersize Confederate force of 60,000 soldiers led by Lee. At the bloody but tactically inconclusive Battle of the Wilderness (May 5–7) and Battle of Spotsylvania Court House (May 8–21), Grant failed to destroy Lee's army. But, unlike his predecessors, Grant did not retreat after the battles. He repeatedly moved his army leftward to the southeast in a campaign that kept Lee on the defensive and moved ever closer to Richmond. Grant spent the remainder of May maneuvering and fighting minor battles with the Confederate army as he attempted to turn Lee's flank and lure him into the open. Grant knew that his larger army and base of manpower in the North could sustain a war of attrition better than the Confederacy could. This theory was tested at the Battle of Cold Harbor (May 31 – June 12) when Grant's army once again came into contact with Lee's near Mechanicsville. He chose to engage Lee's army directly, by ordering a frontal assault on the Confederate fortified positions on June 3. This attack was repulsed with heavy losses. Cold Harbor was a battle that Grant regretted more than any other and Northern newspapers thereafter frequently referred to him as a "butcher". Although Grant suffered about 45% casualties. Lee lost about 50% his forces. These were losses that Lee could not replace.

On the night of June 12, Grant again advanced by his left flank, marching to the James River. He planned to cross to the south bank of the river, bypassing Richmond, and isolate Richmond by seizing the railroad junction of Petersburg to the south. While Lee remained unaware of Grant's intentions, the Union army constructed a pontoon bridge and crossed the James River. What Lee had feared most of all was about to happen. Petersburg was the main supply base and rail depot for the entire region, including Richmond. The taking of Petersburg by Union forces would make it impossible for Lee to continue defending Richmond.

Also called the "Battle of Old Men and Young Boys", it was fought on June 9, 1864 just outside Petersburg. The armies of Lee and Grant were deadlocked just outside of Richmond in their Cold Harbor defenses. Butler knew Grant would probably soon attack Petersburg since it was the key supply point for Richmond. By way of intelligence from slaves and Confederate deserters and a captured Confederate map, Butler realized Petersburg was not well defended. In Petersburg, Confederate generals Beauregard and Wise had only 2,200 militiamen guarding the city. One Petersburg citizen called them a collection of "greyhaired men, and beardless boys." Some were not even equipped with rifles. Butler saw an opportunity and sent a force of 3,400 infantrymen along with 1,300 cavalry to attack Petersburg before Grant could get there. The Union infantry attacked from the east while the cavalry attacked from the south using the Jerusalem Plank Road. The infantry attack was intended as a diversion while the cavalry entered the city from the south. But the 2,500 Confederate defenders fought off both attacks. The infantry was stopped by the Dimmock Line which had been constructed to stop any such attacks. After the attacks failed, Butler withdrew.

Meade’s Army of the Potomac marched from Cold Harbor to support Butler. Meade's leading XVIII Corps crossed the Appomattox River and attacked Petersburg on June 15. The Confederate defenders were driven back to Harrison Creek. The Union XVIII Corps was then relieved by the II Corps. The next day, June 16, II Corps captured another part of the Confederate line. Beauregard moved more defenders to hold the Union troops while Lee, now aware of the situation at Petersburg, rushed troops to the city. On June 18, the Union II, XI, and V Corps attacked but were beaten back with heavy casualties. Now the Confederate fortifications were heavily defended and all hopes of an easy Union victory were lost. This was the beginning of the siege of Petersburg. Rather than a tactical siege with short term goals, it now became a strategic siege involving a number of battles.

Continuing their attacks, the Union Army under Grant began their third offensive against Richmond-Petersburg. General Winfield Scott Hancock's II Corps and two divisions of General Philip Sheridans cavalry crossed the James River at the "Deep Bottom" oxbow. They crossed at night to threaten Richmond. The plan called for the infantry to push the Confederates to the west. Then the cavalry could attack the railroad that connected Lee to the Confederate army under General Jubal Early still in the Shenendoah Valley. Sheridan's cavalry was then to attack Richmond if possible. But after breaking through the Confederate line, the Union offensive stalled. The Union cavalry was counterattacked by Richard H. Anderson's Confederate infantry. But the counterattack was defeated by the dismounted cavalry with their Spencer repeating carbines. But late on July 28, Hancock and Sherman withdrew back to Deep Bottom. The next night, July 29/30, they crossed the James River back to their own lines. They left a garrison to guard the crossing at Deep Bottom. Both sides could claim a victory. The Union forces defeated the Confederate infantry at Darby farm. But the withdrawal afterwards allowed the Confederates a victory. It was a Union victory strategically because their attack on the Virginia Peninsula caused Lee to move five and a half divisions north of James River. This weakened Petersburg leaving only four Confederate divisions to fight there. While Hancock and Sheridan were diverting Lee's attention, a mining operation was going on at Petersburg. A long tunnel was being dug by a regiment of Pennsylvania coal miners. It was dug right up to a Confederate strongpoint.

At this point in the siege, Lee's army had strengthened the Petersburg line. They dug breastworks out of rifle pits. At night, with pick and shovel, they then turned the breastworks into deep trenches. Pointed stakes turned outwards were designed to break up any frontal attacks. The area between the two lines became a no man's land. The summer that year was hot and dry. Streams and springs were quickly drying up causing a water shortage on both sides. The siege was quickly becoming a stalemate.
At a part of the Union line that was only from the Confederate line, the 48th Pennsylvania regiment was dug in. They were below the top of a ridge and part of their lines could not be seen by Confederates, blocked by the terrain. The 48th Pennsylvania regiment was made up of anthracite coal miners. Their commander heard his men remark, "We could blow that damned fort out of existence if we could run a mine shaft under it!" He passed the idea up to Burnside who agreed to the idea and digging started on June 25. Confederates on the ridge began to hear the sounds of picks and shovels under them. They dug several listening shafts. But when the digging sounds stopped on 23 July, they quit looking and dismissed any danger from mining. By the afternoon of July 28 the explosives were ready. Burnside's Fourth Division, including nine regiments of African American troops were trained to bypass the crater the explosion would cause and attack immediately after the explosion. These were fresh troops and their morale was high. At the last minute, Burnside's plan was changed by his commander General Meade to send in white troops. Meade said he did not want to be responsible for the "massacre" of colored troops.

Just before 5:00 am the explosion blew up a Confederate artillery battery and most of an infantry regiment. The blast killed at least 278 Confederates instantly. The crater caused by the explosion was more than long, across and deep. Following the explosion, the untrained Union troops were slow to leave their trenches. Instead of avoiding the crater they ran right into it. The walls of the crater exposed red clay making them too slippery to climb out of. The Confederates recovered quickly and began firing down directly on the Union troops who were unprotected. To try to save the situation, after four hours of fighting Burnside ordered the black troops to attack. At this point they could only follow the white soldiers into the crater. They had to force their way past the dead, wounded and demoralized white troops to get into the fight. As more Confederates joined in, they set up a tremendous crossfire into the crater. Mortar shells were dropped on the Union troops and the Confederate cannons were rolled up to the edge and fired canister shot at the soldiers trapped in the crater. The situation quickly turned from a one-sided battle into a race riot. As Union soldiers surrendered, black soldiers were given no quarter. Those who were allowed to surrender were murdered by Confederate troops as they were marched to the rear. Some Confederates later expressed regret that they could not kill them fast enough, as a few black troops made it to the rear alive.

The fighting went on for eight and a half hours. Burnside's IX Corps suffered 3,800 casualties. Lee's army lost about 1,500 who were killed, wounded or missing. But the black troops lost 1,327 men, 450 of whom surrendered. Most of these were murdered by Confederate soldiers as they were marched to the rear under guard. The failure and horror over what happened at the Battle of the Crater caused Burnside to be relieved of his command. He was placed on indefinite leave of absence with no orders to return to duty. This effectively ended his army career. He resigned from the army less than nine months later, on April 15, 1865.

General Grant was using a strategy of simultaneous operations on both sides of the James River during the summer of 1864. Grant was forcing Lee to use Confederate troops on two fronts. Lee, on the other hand, had General Early in the Shenandoah Valley. While Grant and Lee were engaged at Petersburg, Early launched an offensive into the North that was threatening Washington, D.C..

Grant learned that Lee was sending part of his force to support Early in the Shenandoah Valley. He thought the Confederate trenches between Petersburg and Richmond were now more lightly defended. The information was wrong. But Grant saw an opportunity to break the siege of Petersburg by attacking the trenches around Deep Bottom. The week-long campaign failed to defeat the Confederate defenses because Grant had miscalculated the situation. He sent General Hancock with Union II Corps, X Corps, and General David McMurtrie Gregg’s cavalry division across the James at Deep Bottom during the night of August 13-14. At first, the Union attacks were successful. But soon Confederate reinforcements arrived and the Union advance stalled. On August 17 a truce was called so both sides could take care of their dead and wounded. Lee ordered a counterattack the next day. But it was poorly organized and did not accomplish much. Hancock, however, began a withdrawal of the Union troops north of James. By August 20 the withdrawal was completed. The Union forces maintained their bridgehead at Deep Bottom. Overall the battle and skirmishes cost the Union 3,000 casualties against a loss to the Confederacy of about 1,500. Lee's thinly defended line some long remained intact. But he could not afford to send any troops to Early in the Shenandoah Valley.

While the Second Battle of Deep Bottom was going on, Grant had sent troops south of Petersburg to capture the Weldon Railroad. This was another of Grant's simultaneous operations. The Weldon Railroad was the only connection between Petersburg and the last Atlantic seaport at Wilmington, North Carolina. Grant had failed to capture the Weldon Railroad in June. The Union V Corps under General Gouverneur K. Warren was ordered to move west, destroy the tracks and, if possible, hold the rail line. Warren was successful in destroying tracks. But attacks and counterattacks went on for the next three days. The action cost the Union Army 4,279 casualties and the Confederates lost between 1,600 and 2,300 dead, wounded or missing. The Union was able to extend its lines west and built a fort named after Union General James S. Wadsworth, who was mortally wounded at the Battle of the Wilderness.

Hancock's II Corps moved against the Weldon Railroad on August 24. Tired from the battle at Deep Bottom, they were forced marched to the south of Petersburg to tear up more tracks. Gregg's cavalry cleared a path ahead of them. But on August 25, Confederate general Heath attacked the Union forces at Ream's Station. Confederates captured 9 cannon and took many Union prisoners. Hancock withdrew his forces back to the Union lines near the Jerusalem Plank Road.

By September 1864, the Confederate army was getting hungry. Supplies of everything were running low. Lee's army was feeling the effects of Grant's scorched earth policy in the Shenandoah Valley. On September 5 Lee learned that the Union Army had about 3,000 cattle being kept at Coggins Point, Virginia. This was only from Grant's headquarters. The herd was being lightly guarded by 250 men of the 1st D.C. Cavalry. There was also a detachment of about 150 men of the 13th Pennsylvania Cavalry. This entire area of the Union rear was picketed by one understrength cavalry division. Lee had been pressuring his cavalry commander, Major General Wade Hampton, to attack the Union rear area. Hampton saw this as a chance to both attack behind enemy lines and get cattle to feed the hungry Confederate soldiers at Petersburg. Lee approved but told Hampton he had one concern: “The only difficulty of importance I see to your project is your return.”

Wade put together a force of about 3,000 cavalry troops. It consisted of General W.H.F. "Rooney" Lee's cavalry division, and two brigades led by generals Thomas L. Rosser and James Dearing. It also included about 100 men from Pierce M. B. Young's and John Dunovant's brigades, along with a number of dogs to help herd the cattle. The plan was to ride a total of to steal the cattle then get them back to the Confederate lines. The herd designed to feed Union troops would now be used to feed Confederate troops.

On the morning of September 14, Hampton led his force southwest around the Union Army's left flank. They camped at Wilkinson’s Bridge on Rowanty Creek and early next morning moved to the bridge had once stood over Blackwater Creek. By midnight his forces had rebuilt the bridge and were now within of the cattle herd. Hampton divided his forces. Rooney Lee went to the left to screen against forces coming from Petersburg. Dearing's brigade went to the right to wait for the main attack, then protect the captured herd from any Union forces in the area. Rosser's brigade took the 1st D.C. Cavalry by surprise and captured 300 men. They also captured a number of the Union cavalry's new Spencer repeating rifles. The 13th Pennsylvania cavalry put up a stiffer resistance but were brushed aside by the larger Confederate force. Within a few hours the cattle had been captured and the Confederates were on their way back to their own lines. Once they discovered what had happened, Union forces in the area went after the cattle. All they got for their trouble was a few stray cattle. Once across the bridge over the Blackwater, Hampton's Confederates took it apart. In addition to the cattle, Hampton's men captured the civilian herders. The herders proved useful and seemed willing to go with the Confederate raiders. Hampton got 2,486 cattle losing just 10 men, 47 were wounded and four were missing. Hampton also kept one of the repeating rifles for himself.

Also called the Battle of Chaffin's Farm. On the night of September 20–29, General Butler and his Army of the James cross the James River to attack the outer defenses of Richmond. At dawn, his columns attacked the Confederates. Fort Harrison was the key to General Butler's plan. It was the strongest point in the Confederate line north of the James. On high ground, the fort had a view all the way to the James River. The fort was lightly held by only 200 Confederate troops as most were in Petersburg at the time. The fort's cannon were old and not considered battle worthy by the Northern artillerymen. The Union attack came unexpectedly and so quickly that there were few Union casualties. The Union Army was successful at both New Market Heights and at Fort Harrison. The Confederates then fought to contain the breakthrough. As Grant predicted, Lee weakened his Petersburg defenses to reinforce his lines north of the James River. Lee counterattacked on September 30 but his efforts were unsuccessful. The Union troops dug in forming trenches around the territory they just captured. The confederates built a new line of defenses that cut off the area captured by the Federal troops. The total casualties were 4,430 including Union General Hiram Burnham. The fort was renamed Fort Burnham in his honor.

Also called the Battle of Dabney’s Mill. On February 5, 1865, Gregg's Union cavalry division moved towards Ream's Station and the Dinwiddie Court House. Their mission was to raid and cut off Confederate supply trains. He was supported by Union General Warren's V Corps who took up a blocking position to stop any Confederate interference. Major General Andrew A. Humphreys's II Corps moved west to cover V Corps' right flank. That night, two more divisions reinforced the Union positions. But the raid was unsuccessful. As Gregg's cavalry was returning they were attacked by Confederate divisions led by Generals John Pegram and William Mahone. The Union advance was stopped although General Pelgram was killed in the battle. But the Union Army gained more territory as the line was now extended to Hatcher's run. Total casualties in the action were 2,700.

By March 25, 1865, the Siege of Petersburg had on for nine months. After initial battles the siege had settled into trench warfare. There were now a total of about 50 miles of trenches around Petersburg and Richmond. Lee was losing the war of attrition. Lee realized the Union Army around him was growing in size while his was getting smaller. He knew that as soon as Spring brought better weather, there would be a final attack by the Union Army. Lee ordered one of his most trusted generals, John Brown Gordon, to find a weak point in the Union line and attack it. Gordon thought Fort Stedman offered his best chance for success. While it had high walls and a moat, it formed a narrow gap in the Union line. Also, it was only from the Confederate line. Early in the morning, while it was still dark, Union pickets heard sounds coming from the corn field between the two lines. The sound was Confederate soldiers moving aside the "Cheval de frise" defenses in preparation for an attack. This was followed by 11,000 rebels who quickly captured of Union trenches. Union forces quickly arrived to turn back the Confederates to their own lines.

Union casualties were about 1,000. Confederate killed, wounded or captured numbered around 3,000. These were losses that Lee's army could not afford. Lee wrote Confederate President Jefferson Davis that he could not hold out much longer.

At the Battle of Five Forks, on April 1, 1865, Union General Sheridan's cavalry broke through and flanked the Confederate lines at Petersburg. This set the stage for the final attack. On the morning of April 2, Grant ordered all his troops south of the Appomattox River to charge the Confederate lines. The first success came at the same place where Sheridan had broken through the day before. Union General Horatio Wright's VI Corps quickly overran the Confederate pickets and began a brutal battle that lasted only 20 or 15 minutes. He lost some 2,200 Union solders during this short time period. But the larger numbers of the Union forces finally broke through the rebel line. Most of the Georgians and North Carolinans defending this section surrendered. The breakthrough by the VI Corps was the final straw for Confederate forces defending Petersburg. Lee wired Davis in Richmond that he had to evacuate both Petersburg and Richmond and retreat that night. This is also when Lee lost one of his best generals. Coming back from sick leave, riding to the front lines to rally his men, Lieutenant General A. P. Hill was killed by enemy gunfire.

The siege had lasted nine and a half months. There were a combined total of about 70,000 casualties. Richmond fell on April 3, 1865 and six days later, Lee surrendered his Army of Northern Virginia to General Grant at Appomattox Courthouse.


Arrondissement of Saintes

The arrondissement of Saintes is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente-Maritime department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Saintes.

When the Charente-Maritime department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of Saintes was part of that original department.

It was the centre of the old province of Saintonge.

It is the largest of the "arrondissements" of the Charente-Maritime department but the third by population. It has an area of , and a population of 128,786 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

Saintes is in the central part of the department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Cognac (Charente department), to the south by the "arrondissement" of Jonzac, to the southwest by the Gironde department (through the Gironde estuary), to the west and northwest by the "arrondissement" of Rochefort.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Saintes, there are only two cantons where all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": the Saint-Porchaire and Saintes cantons. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Saintes has 89 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Saint-Jean-d'Angély

The arrondissement of Saint-Jean-d'Angély is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente-Maritime department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Saint-Jean-d'Angély.

When the Charente-Maritime department was created on 1790, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély was part of that original department.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély, together with Marennes, was eliminated. In 1943, Saint-Jean-d'Angély was made again an "arrondissement".

Saint-Jean-d'Angély is the "arrondissement" of the Charente-Maritime department with fewest people living in it. It has an area of , and a population of 53,336 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély is in the northeast of the department, in the historical and geographical region of "Basse Saintonge."

It is bordered to the west by the "arrondissement" of Rochefort, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Saintes, to the east by the Charente department and to the north and northeast by the Deux-Sèvres department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély, there are only three cantons. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-d'Angély has 111 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Attacks by Islamic extremists in Bangladesh

In 2015, Islamic extremists killed four bloggers and a publisher in Bangladesh. A report by the Committee to Protect Journalists said Bangladesh was the fourth most deadly country for journalists.

In 2013, a local al-Qaeda group called Ansarullah Bengali Team had a list of 84 names of people it wanted silenced. By 2015, 8 of them were dead: Avajit Roy, Rajeeb Haider, Jafar Munshi, Mamun Hossain, Jagatjyoti Talukder, Arif Hossain Dwip, Ziauddin Zakaria Babu and Wasikur Rahman.

Jafar Munshi ( জাফর মুন্সি ) and Anjali Devi ( অঞ্জলী দেবীর ) were killed for supposed "defamation of religion", such as refusing to enforce hijab on students. Some of the people murdered were supporter of the Shahbag movement (শাহবাগ আন্দোলন ) named for the Shahbag (শাহবাগ) district: Ashraful Alam (আশরাফুল আলম ), Arif Raihan Deep (আরিফ রায়হান দীপ ), Nurul Islam Faruki (নুরুল ইসলাম ফারুকী), Jagat Jyoti Talukder (জগৎজ্যোতি তালুকদার ), and Jakaria Babu (জাকারিয়া বাবু ).

Nazimuddin Samad, a law student, was hacked and shot to death on a busy street in Dhaka.

Xulhaz Mannan, editor Of Bangladesh’s only LGBT magazine was hacked to death.

Rezaul Karim Siddique, English professor was hacked to death in the city of Rajshahi, Bangladesh, after he organized a music school.

Avijit Roy, a writer who started the blog Mukto-Mona, was hacked to death with machetes in Dhaka after a book fair. His wife, Rafida Bonya Ahmed, was hurt.

Washiqur Rahman Babu was killed with knives at his house in Dhaka. Police said he wrote about religion on Facebook under the name Washiqur Babu.

Ananta Bijoy Das was a blogger with Avaijit Roy's Mukto-Mona. He was hacked to death with machetes in Sylhet.

Niladri Chakrabarti wrote under the name Niloy Neel. He was killed in his apartment.

Faisal Abedin Deepan was killed in his office. He was a publisher who published Roy's books. Another publisher, Ahmed Rahim Tutal, was attacked, but he lived.

Ahmed Rajib Haider was hacked to death near his home in Dhaka in February 2013. He wrote under the name Thaba Baba on his blog Somewhere in Blog.

Aysén Region

The XI Aysén Region () is one of the fifteen regions of Chile. It has four provinces.

The capital city of the region is Coyhaique. Other towns are Puerto Cisnes and Río Ibáñez.


Magallanes Region

The XII Magallanes Region () is one of the fifteen regions of Chile. It has four provinces.
It contains the Chilean territorial claim in Antarctica.

The capital city of the region is Punta Arenas. Other towns are Puerto Natales, Porvenir and Puerto Williams.
This region has the world famous Torres del Paine National Park.


Santiago Metropolitan Region

The Santiago Metropolitan Region () is one of the fifteen regions of Chile. It has six provinces.

The capital city of the region is Santiago. Other towns are Providencia, Peñalolén and Lo Barnechea.


Täuffelen

Täuffelen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Tavannes, Switzerland

Tavannes is a municipality in Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Île d'Oléron

Île d'Oléron () is an island and canton in the Atlantic coast of France (to the west of Rochefort). It is the second largest island of Metropolitan France, after Corsica. The capital, and largest town, is Saint-Pierre-d'Oléron; it is in the centre of the island.
Since 1966, there is a bridge that connects the island with mainland.

The Île d'Oléron is on the southern side of the "Pertuis d'Antioche" strait.

The island is long and wide; it has an area of . It is a very flat island and its highest point, the "Grande dune de Saint-Trojan" dune in the southern part of the island, is only high.

The southern point of the island is "Pointe de Gatseau", the northern one is "Pointe de Chassiron" and the eastern one is "Pointe des Saumonards". Near this last point is the "Fort Boyard", a fortification in the "Pertuis d'Antioche" that is used for the French TV show of the same name.

The climate in Saint-Denis-d'Oléron is an oceanic climate with temperate summers, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Saint-Denis-d'Oléron is . The month with the most precipitation on average is December with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is August with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Saint-Denis-d'Oléron is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Administratively, the island belongs to the Charente-Maritime department, "arrondissement" of Rochefort, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

The island was divided in two cantons: "Canton du Château-d'Oléron" and "Canton de Saint-Pierre-d'Oléron", with 4 "communes" each. In 27 February 2014, the number of cantons was reduced and the two cantons of the island were combined to form only one: the Canton de l'Île d'Oléron, divided in 8 communes.

The inhabitants of Île d'Oléron are known, in French, as "Oléronais" (women: "Oléronaises").

Île d'Oléron has a population, in 2014, of 22,032, for a population density of inhabitants/km.

The eight communes of the island and their populations (2013) are:



Owen Smith

Owen Smith (born 2 May 1970) is a British Labour Party politician. He has been the Member of Parliament for Pontypridd in Wales since 2010. In July 2015 he challenged Jeremy Corbyn for the leadership of the Labour Party. Before he became an MP he worked for the BBC and as a lobbyist for Pfizer, a company that makes drugs or pharmaceuticals. 

Lobbying

Lobbying is the act of trying to persuade people or governments to make decisions or support something. Lobbying can be done by many sorts of people, alone or in groups. Often it is done by big businesses, political parties, social movements, or ethnic groups. It can also be done by politicians and by ordinary citizens. Lobbyists are people whose job it is to lobby for big businesses or political parties. The word lobbying comes from the lobby of the Palace of Westminster in London. The lobby is between the House of Commons and the House of Lords, and there people would try to meet politicians as they came in and went out.


Pontypridd

Pontypridd is a town in southern Wales. It is about ten miles south of Wales' capital city, Cardiff. Its name comes from the Welsh "Pont-y-ty-pridd” which means 'bridge by the earthen house'.

Princess of Xiaohe

The Princess of Xiaohe () was unearthed and named by the archaeologists of Xinjiang Institute of Archaeology at Xiaohe Cemetery Tomb M11, 102 km west of Loulan, Nop Nur, Xinjiang in 2003. She is different from the female mummy discovered in 1934 described below. She has flaxen hair and long eyelashes and was wrapped in a white wool cloak with tassels and wore a felt hat, string skirt, and fur-lined leather boots. She was buried with wooden pins and three small pouches of ephedra and twigs and branches of ephedra were placed beside the body. She is not permanently exhibited in any museum. In 2010, she was exhibited at Bowers Museum in Santa Ana, California, Houston Museum of Natural Science and University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. In 2019, she was exhibited at Arthur M. Sackler Museum of Art and Archaeology at Peking University.

The previously called Princess of Xiaohe (), also known as the Beauty of Xiaohe (), is a different female mummy discovered in 1934 by Swedish archaeologist Folke Bergman, at Xiaohe Tomb (小河墓地; literally "Little River Tomb"), Luobu Po (罗布泊), Ruoqiang County (若羌县), Xinjiang. Because of its beauty, this mummy was also nicknamed Marlene Dietrich of the Desert and Sophia Loren of Xiaohe.

The mummy was discovered in the Tarim Basin, 60 km south of the river Konqi He (孔雀河) at the coordinates . 

Estimated to have lived between 1900 BC and 1613 BC, the mummy was between 20 and 40 years old when she died, and stands out among other mummies found nearby for her Indo-European features. The mummy's hair, teeth and eyelashes are well preserved; its face has a sharp nose and deep eyes.



Teuffenthal

Teuffenthal is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Thierachern

Thierachern is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Thörigen

Thörigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Thun

Thun () is a city of the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. The city has about 43,783 inhabitants (around 90,000 in the agglomeration), as of 31 December 2013.

It is located where the Aare flows out of Lake Thun (Thunersee), 30 km (19 mi) south of Berne.


Jerusalem Archaeological Park

Jerusalem Archaeological Park (also known as Ophel Garden) is an archaeological park and visitor centre. It is in the Old City of Jerusalem. The park is south of the Western Wall Plaza and under the Dung Gate.


Kawhi Leonard

Kawhi Anthony Leonard (born June 29, 1991) is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He used to play for the San Antonio Spurs. Leonard played two seasons of college basketball for the San Diego State Aztecs and was named a consensus second-team All-American as a sophomore.

Leonard won Defensive Player of the Year in 2015 and 2016. He won the Most Valuable Player for the 2014 Finals win. He was not drafted by the Spurs. Rather he was traded on draft night from the Indiana Pacers.

In 2018, Leonard joined the Toronto Raptors. He helped the team win the 2019 NBA Finals. His contract ended on June 30, 2019.

Leonard has scored more than 30 points in a game thirteen times in the 2019 playoff season. He has been compared to LeBron James, Kevin Durant, and Stephen Curry.

In 2021, he was named to the NBA 75th Anniversary Team.

Jonzac

Jonzac is a commune and a sub-prefecture in southwestern France, in the Charente-Maritime department (Nouvelle-Aquitaine region).

It is the capital of the southern "arrondissement" of the Charente-Maritime department.

Jonzac is in the historical region of "Haute Saintonge". The city started on two hills, "Balaguier" et "Montguimar", where are the main historical buildings of the city: the "Saint-Gervais-Saint-Protais de Jonzac" church and the "Château de Jonzac" castle.

The city of Jonzac is far from the prefecture of Charente-Maritime, La Rochelle, that is at to the northwest, but it is at only from Angoulême, prefecture of the neighbour department of Charente, and at from Bordeaux, prefecture of the department of Gironde and main city of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

Jonzac has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "communes" that are around Jonzac are Saint-Martial-de-Vitaterne, Réaux, Champagnac, Ozillac, Saint-Simon-de-Bordes and Saint-Simon-de-Bordes.

The Seugne river, a left tributary of the Charente river, flows through the city from southeast to northwest.

The climate of Jonzac, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

With a population of 3,465, Jonzac has a population density of inhabitants/km.

The inhabitants of Jonzac are known, in French, as "Jonzacais" (women: "Jonzacaises").

Jonzac is a subprefecture of the Charente-Maritime department since 1800. Its INSEE code is 197 (combined with the code of the department: 17197). It is also the capital of the canton of Jonzac.



Alex Higgins

Alex Higgins (March 18, 1949 – July 24, 2010) was a snooker player from Northern Ireland. He was born in Belfast and started playing snooker at the age of 11. He became a professional player in 1972 when he was 22. He won the 1972 World Snooker Championship by beating John Spencer 37 frames to 32. Ten years later, he won the 1982 World Snooker Championship by defeating Ray Reardon 18 frames to 15. Higgins was nicknamed the "Hurricane" because of his fast play around the table. Higgins retired from professional snooker in 1997.

Higgins smoked 60 cigarettes a day for many years. In June 1998, He was found to have throat cancer. On July 24, 2010, he died in Belfast at the age of 61. The cause of death was a combination of malnutrition, pneumonia, and a bronchial condition. He was clear from throat cancer when he died.

Thunstetten

Thunstetten is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Toffen

Toffen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Stitch (Lilo &amp; Stitch)

Stitch is the main character of the Disney Lilo & Stitch franchise. He is voiced by creator Chris Sanders and is an alien that poses as a dog.

Stitch is a hyena-like alien. was created as Jumba Jookiba's 626th experiment. He left the galactic prison and landed on Hawaii, where he met Lilo Pelekai.

Berga

Berga is the capital of the "comarca" (county) of Berguedà, in Catalonia, northeast Spain.

Berga name is from the Bergistani, an Iberian tribe who lived in the area before the Roman conquest. Berga was ruled by viscounts in the Early Middle Ages. It had its own counts starting in 988. Berga was sold to King Peter II of Aragon in 1199.

Berga is perhaps most famous for its traditional festival of "La Patum". The celebration occurs every Corpus Christi, lasting for five days.

Planum

Planum is an Italian academic journal about urban planning and design. It is published in Italy by the Italian National Institute of Urban Planning. 


Power (Kanye West song)

"Power" is a song by American hip hop performer Kanye West. It was released as the main single from his album "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy". It peaked at #22 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It got very good reviews from critics.

The song is performed by Kanye West. It has extra vocals from the soul singer Dwele. It was co-produced by West and Symbolyc One. The song has samples from "21st Century Schizoid Man" by King Crimson, "Afromerica" by Continent Number 6 and "It's Your Thing" by Cold Grits.

The Life of Pablo

The Life of Pablo is the seventh studio album by American rapper Kanye West. It was released in early 2016 by Roc-A-Fella Records, GOOD Music and Def Jam Recordings. Most recording of the album took place between 2013 and 2016 and production was done mainly by West as well as other big producers like Mike Dean and Rick Rubin. It got good reviews from music critics and also debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200.

Notes

Sample credits

T24

T24 (Techno 24, Russian: "Техно 24") - Russian scientific educational TV channel of male`s interests. It is devoted to the achievements of science in the civil and military technologies, development of engineers and designers; it explains the newest types of weapons, space exploration, sports science, engineering and strategic sites. It is a part of the "Digital TV" package of media holding VGTRK

The 24TECHNO TV channel began broadcasting on June 18, 2007. It was the sixth TV channel of "ArtMedia Group", the leading manufacturer of TV channels for basic cable and satellite broadcasting.

At first, T24 provided documentary television programming focused primarily on popular science: technique, technology and incredible experiments. The main idea of the channel was to bring together the best scientific programs of Russian and overseas production.

Half of the content was Russian, including the channel’s original content. The other 50% of broadcasting was filled with Western programs and films which met the channel`s subject . 24TEHNO TV used to buy programs from companies such as BBC, Electric Sky, F For Films, World Wide Entertainment and others. Categories: "Man", "Technology", "Discovery", "Space", "The X-Files", "Curiosities" and "Evolution" explained the latest scientific developments in different science branches, as well as the history of discoveries. By 2008, the audience of the channel had reached two million people from Russia, CIS and Baltic countries. At 2011, entered media holding "NCC Media".

On February 1, 2015 former 24TECHNO entered the thematic channels package "Digital TV" (subsidiary RTR and "Rostelecom"). There was a full restart of the channel. The channel got the name " TEHNO 24" or "T24", a new logo and corporate identity, and a new programming lineup. The main idea of the channel was also changed. Oleg Ternovoy became an editor of the “24T”. After restarting, the updated "T24" will offer its viewers a few special projects dedicated to tanks, modern armies armament , as well as will make shows about men, enthusiastic restoration of military equipment. Two "T24" projects are devoted to military and civil engineering. The basis of “T24” is the channel’s own content. In 2015, viewers saw 500 hours of original content. The audience of the channel at the time of start-up was 15.2 million subscribers in Russia, the Baltics and the CIS.


Seugne

The Seugne is a river in southwestern France and a left tributary of the Charente river. It flows through the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

The Seugne river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 7.6 cubic metres per second at "Saint-Seurin-de-Palenne".

The Seugne river starts in the "commune" of Montlieu-la-Garde, near the place called "Chez Bourdeau", at an elevation of about . It flows generally north-northwest.

The river flows through the small cities of Jonzac, subprefecture and Pons, both in the Charente-Maritime department.

After the small town of Colombiers, the river flows into the Charente river in Les Gonds, a suburb of Saintes.

The Seugne flows through 2 "arrondissements" (Jonzac and Saintes), 7 cantons and 34 "communes", all in the Charente-Maritime department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region:

The river starts in the canton of Montlieu-la-Garde, flows through the cantons of Montendre, Jonzac, Saint-Genis-de-Saintonge, Pons, Gémozac and, finally, ends in the canton of Saintes-Est.

It flows through the following communes, from its starts to its confluence : Montlieu-la-Garde, Chepniers, Pouillac, Sainte-Colombe, Polignac, Chatenet, Le Pin, Sousmoulins, Mérignac, Pommiers-Moulons, Vibrac, Chaunac, Fontaines-d'Ozillac, Léoville, Saint-Médard, Champagnac, Ozillac, Jonzac, Saint-Germain-de-Lusignan, Lussac, Clion, Saint-Georges-Antignac, Mosnac, Fléac-sur-Seugne, Belluire, Pons, Bougneau, Saint-Léger, Colombiers, Montils, La Jard, Berneuil, Les Gonds, Courcoury, Saint-Sever-de-Saintonge.

All the tributaries of the Seugne river are small rivers or streams:


Trachselwald

Trachselwald is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the Swiss canton of Bern.


Tramelan

Tramelan is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


National Liberation Day of Korea

The National Liberation Day of Korea, is a holiday on August 15 in both North and South Korea. It is to celebrate Victory over Japan Day, the day when Korea was freed from Imperial Japanese control by the United States and the Soviet Union. In South Korean, it is written as 광복절 or 光復節, and pronounced gwangbokjeol. In North Korea, it is written as 조국해방의 날 or 祖國解放의 날, and is pronounced jogukhaebangui nal.

United States of America Mathematical Olympiad

United States of America Mathematical Olympiad, or USAMO, is a highly selective (only very good people take it) mathematics competition that takes place in the United States. The first USAMO was in 1972. It is the final round of the AMC series of contests. The United States of America Junior Mathematical Olympiad (USAJMO) was created in 2010 to recognize top scorers based on their AMC10-based index (score). Qualifying for the USAMO is considered one of the most prestigious, or best, awards for high school students in the United States, with only 264 students qualifying in 2013 out of over 350,000 students competing. Top scorers on the USAMO are invited to the Mathematical Olympiad Summer Program to represent the United States at the International Mathematical Olympiad.
The AMC Competition Series consists of multiple tests to determine the 6 people that will represent the United States in the International Mathematical Olympiad:
Mathematical Olympiad Program, is an intense summer program for the top scorers in the USAMO. In MOP, students take tests called TSTST and TST. 6 top scorers will represent the United States at the IMO.

Joey Graceffa

Joseph Michael "Joey" Graceffa (born May 16, 1991) is an American YouTuber who became known for his musical parodies, including the 2012 Hunger Games song "I Wanna Go." He competed in the 22nd and 24th seasons of The Amazing Race. In 2014, he won a Streamy Award for Best Actor in a Drama for Storytellers. He started his YouTube career making videos (short movies) with Brittany Joyal. In 2012 they stopped working together.

Graceffa launched his own web series on Teen.com called Joey's Dystopia. He released a book in 2015 titled "In Real Life: My Journey to a Pixelated World". In the book he came out as gay. He also later released a music video called "Don't Wait" introducing his boyfriend, Daniel Preda. Graceffa has 3.9 million followers on Twitter (October 2017). He has also released a storybook series, called the Children of Eden. On October 4, 2016, Graceffa, along with co-author Laura L. Sullivan, released a young adult novel titled "Children of Eden". The sequel, "Elites of Eden", was published on October 3, 2017.

He grew up with his family in Boston before moving on his own to California to pursue his career. His parents divorced when he was young. He has a brother named Jett and a sister named Nicole. In 2016 he introduced his boyfriend, Daniel Preda. He is good friends with many fellow YouTubers, including Cat Valdes and Louise Pentland.

Treiten

Treiten () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Trimstein

Trimstein was a municipality in Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, Trimstein became part of Münsingen.

ISO 3166-2:PY

ISO 3166-2:PY is the entry for Paraguay in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces, departments or states) of all countries that are in ISO 3166-1.

Currently for Paraguay, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 1 capital and 17 departments. The capital of the country Asunción is similar to the departments.

Each code has of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the second part is either of the following:

Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).



Departments of Paraguay

Paraguay has 17 departments and one capital district ("Distrito Capital"). The departments are formed by districts.

The departments are grouped in two geographic regions, separated by the Paraguay river:
 

 

Trubschachen

Trubschachen is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Kambly is a Swiss biscuit factory headquartered in Trubschachen.


Tschugg

Tschugg is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Kalika Purana

The Kalika Purana is a Hindu script. It is one of the 18 uppurana. There are 98 lesson and 9000 sloka in this holy book. This is the only book written for Goddess Kali and her special form. It explains the kamrupa mountain, river and kamakhya temple. It also records how to worship Kali, Kamakhya and Durga. It is the main book of the Shakta branch in Hinduism. Probably this book was written in Kamrup (present Assam) or Bengal. This Purana is an important scripture. Most modern writers mention that it is a main script of shaktadharma. This Purana mentions the mythological story. It is the rare book where we find the term of Hindu.

The oldest printed version of the Kalika Purana was printed in Mumbai in 1907 by Venkateswar Press. Later the first Bengali version of was printed by Kolkata Bangabasi Press in 1909.

Trabzon

Trabzon, is a city on the Black Sea coast of northeastern Turkey. It is the capital of Trabzon Province. Trabzon is well known for its fish production. It started as a trading colony of ancient Greece and later became capital of the Empire of Trabizond.

Wabern bei Bern

Wabern bei Bern is a village in the municipality of Köniz in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Branching

Branching is a term in linguistics. It refers to the way a phrase or sentence is made up. There is a head word and various other words to make the phrase or sentence.

Most languages make phrases with a head word and dependents (modifiers). These examples show the phrase heads in bold. 

Examples of left-branching phrases (= head-final phrases):

Examples of right-branching phrases (= head-initial phrases):

Example of phrases that contain both left- and right-branching (= head-medial phrases):

Most structures in English are, however, not completely left- or completely right-branching, but rather they combine both. The following trees show a combination of left- and right-branching in English:

There are more right-branching structures than left-branching structures in English. This means that trees usually grow down to the right.

Mürren

Mürren is a village in the municipality of Lauterbrunnen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Ghasem Rezaei

Ghasem Rezaei (Persian: قاسم رضايى‎‎, born August 18, 1985 in Amol) is an Iranian wrestler from Mazandaran Province of Iran.
He won the gold medal in the men’s 96 kg Greco-Roman at the 2012 London Olympics. Rezaei won the bronze medal in the men's 96 kg Greco-Roman at the 2016 Summer Olympics. Rezaei's first success at the international level was 2007 when he won bronze in the FILA Senior World Championships.


Seeland (administrative district)

The administrative district of Seeland in the Swiss canton of Bern has 46 municipalities in an area of 335 km².

Concepción Department, Paraguay

The Concepción department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Concepción.

Its code is PY-1.

The Concepción department is in the central part of the country, in the northwest of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , with a population of 189,929 for a Population density of .


The main river in the department is the Paraguay river. Other rivers are the Apa and the Ypané.

, the total amount of precipitation for the year 2012 in the city of Concepción was . The month with the most precipitation was March with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was August with .

The average temperature for the year 2012 in Concepción was . The warmest month, on average, was January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 11 districts:



Angora goat

The Angora goat () is a breed of domestic goat. It is named for Ankara, Turkey (before 1930, Angora). The Angora produces fine quality white or coloured mohair which is very similar to wool. Angoras were imported into Europe in 1554 by Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor. In 1765 they were imported into Spain and about 1785 they were introduced into France. None of these were able to set up a successful mohair production. But in 1838 Angoras were successfully introduced in South Africa. Today, the Union of South Africa is one of the world's top mohair producers. Angora goats are kept mostly for their output of mohair.

Tüscherz-Alfermée

Tüscherz-Alfermée () was a municipality in the district Nidau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Tüscherz-Alfermée and Twann merged into the new municipality of Twann-Tüscherz.

Twann

Twann () was a municipality of the district Nidau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Twann and Tüscherz-Alfermée merged into the new municipality of Twann-Tüscherz.


Bümpliz

Bümpliz is a quarter of the city of Bern in Switzerland.
List of famous People who grew up in Bümpliz:
Dennis Lüthi

Until 1919 it was a municipality of its own. It was then incorporated into Bern.

Spencer repeating rifle

The Spencer repeating rifle was a lever-action, seven shot repeating rifle with a rotating block. It had a tubular magazine that fed 56-56 rimfire cartridges into the chamber. The rifle was invented by Christopher Miner Spencer and patented in 1860. 

Spencer had formerly worked for Samuel Colt. His rifle was one of the most advanced designs of the American Civil War. It took some time to sell the idea to the United States Government so the rifles were not produced until 1863. The war department was looking at a number of rifle designs and it took time to decide on Spencer's rifle. 

When Spencer was trying to get his rifle accepted, he faced a number of bureaucratic obstacles. He decided to try to see the one person who might be able to cut through the red tape, President Abraham Lincoln. He got an appointment with Lincoln and brought a Spencer rifle and ammunition to the White House. Lincoln was impressed and asked Spencer to take it apart and explain how it worked. When Spencer put it back together for the President, Lincoln asked if Spencer was busy the next day. When Spencer said he was not, Lincoln said “Come over tomorrow at 2 o’clock, and we’ll see the thing shoot.” 

At 2:00 p.m. the next day, Spencer, President Lincoln and his son Todd, went to the open field nearby (later the site of the Washington Monument). Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton had been asked to attend but did not show up. Lincoln fired the gun and tested it thoroughly. Lincoln decided to keep the rifle. He shot it again the next day with his secretary, John Hay. Lincoln directed the War Department to order Spencer rifles. By the end of the war about 230,000 had been produced. Some were made by Spencer's company and later others were made by the Burnside Rifle Company in Providence, Rhode Island. After the Sharps rifle, the Spencer was the most widely used carbine during the war.

An excellent example of the firepower of the new Spencer carbines was the action at Parker's Store on the morning of May 5, 1864. The 500 cavalrymen of the Fifth New York Cavalry dismounted to form a skirmish line. They were attacked by an entire division of Confederate infantry The Union cavalry held off the Confederates for over three hours until they ran low on ammunition, forcing them to pull back. The cavalry lost about 80 casualties in the skirmish. The Confederates believed they were facing an entire Union brigade and had no idea it was a small cavalry regiment using Spencer repeating carbines.

The Spencer repeating rifle had a "rolling block" design. It was activated by lowering the trigger guard which opened the breech and extracted the spent cartridge shell. Raising the lever loaded a new cartridge from a spring-loaded 7-round magazine in the stock. The gun had few parts, many of which were common to the Sharps rifle. This made it easy and relatively inexpensive to make. One of its main advantages was its breech loading design. The Spencer proved to be very reliable under battlefield conditions. The muzzleloading rifles were slow to load compared to the Spencer. Also, in battlefield conditions, muzzleloaders could only aim the first few shots. With the enemy bearing down on them the remaining shots were fired as quickly as possible and were almost always poorly aimed. Muzzleloaders could fire only two or three shots a minute. A soldier trained to use the Spencer could fire from 20 to 30 aimed shots a minute when using a cartridge box that held 10 pre-loaded magazines. The only weakness of the Spencer was the small powder charge that did not have great range. But it proved to be an excellent rifle for the cavalry because they usually fought at close range. It allowed a smaller cavalry unit to lay down devastating firepower on an enemy. Several times, larger Confederate units had to retreat to save themselves from being cut to pieces by Spencer-equipped Union cavalry units.


Strongpoint

A strongpoint is a key point in a defensive fighting position which the rest of the positions rely on. Its primary requirement is that it should not be easy to defeat by the enemy. In general, high ground is preferred. But any good tactically important terrain can be used as a strongpoint. Examples from history include Battle of Thermopylae, where 300 Spartans held off an entire Persian army at a narrow pass in the mountains. In the Battle of Monte Cassino in Italy in World War II, the area around the abbey of Monte Cassino was used by the German army as a strongpoint until it was destroyed by American bombers.

Banshee

In Celtic mythology, a Banshee is a female spirit, who usually announces that a person from the family will die soon. The word is from "bean sí", which literally means woman from the hills. An older spelling is "bean sidhe". "Bean sith," and bean-nighe are variants.

Ethnic minorities in Azerbaijan

This article is about the ethnic minorities in Azerbaijan.
Although more than 91% of the people are ethnic Azerbaijanis, Azerbaijan has many ethnic minorities including Russians, Ukrainians, Georgians, Jews and other minorities. However, the numbers of most of these ethnic minorities are small.
After the end of the Soviet Union with the independence of Azerbaijan and the Nagorno-Karabakh War, almost all Armenians (outside the separatist region of Nagorno-Karabakh) fled or were deported from the country. At the same time, almost all Azerbaijanis fled or were deported from Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh. 

Most Russians and other minorities have also left the country and are continuing to leave. As a result, Azerbaijan has become ethnically more "pure".

Waterloo International Airport

Waterloo International Airport is an airport in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.
It is an international airport because it does flights to Chicago, Illinois in the United States.

Chañaral Province

The Chañaral Province () is one of three provinces in the northern Chilean region of Atacama (III). The capital is the small coastal town of Chañaral.

The Chañaral province has an area of .

Chañaral is bordered on the north by the Antofagasta region, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Copiapó province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

About north of the town of Chañaral is the "Pan de Azúcar National Park".

 (last national census), there were 32,132 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Chañaral, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 6,384 inhabitants.

As a province, Chañaral is a second-level administrative division, consisting of two communes ("comunas"). The city of Chañaral serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Chamber (firearms)

The chamber is that part of a firearm into which the cartridge is loaded. The chamber is also the place the cartridge is fired from. In a breech-loading weapon the chamber is directly behind and in line with the barrel. Most rifles and pistols have a single chamber. To "chamber" a round means to load a cartridge into the chamber.

A revolver has multiple chambers contained in a revolving cylinder. The typical number is six, which is the reason for the nickname Six Shooter and indicates the cylinder has six chambers each holding one cartridge. 

In a semi-automatic firearm the weapon can fire a bullet each time the trigger is pulled (until the magazine is empty). A semi-automatic firearm can be a pistol, rifle, or shotgun. Each time the trigger is pulled, the gun fires, the spent shell is ejected and a new round is loaded into the chamber. The semi-automatic is a very popular choice for sporting use.

Semi-automatic pistols and rifles use the pressure of the fired cartridge to move the slide backwards. A fraction of a second later, the slide moves forward loading a fresh cartridge into the chamber. The magazine uses a spring to feed one cartridge at a time into the chamber.

Fully-automatic firearms are those that automatically reload and fire again repeatedly as long as their triggers are depressed and they still have ammunition in their magazines. Fully automatic weapons are not for sporting use but are used by police and militaries. An assault rifle is "a gun that can shoot many bullets quickly and that is designed for use by the military". Like semiautomatic firearms, automatics have a single chamber.

A manually loaded firearm is one in which the chamber is loaded by hand each time the weapon is fired. For example, a Bolt action rifle ejects the spent cartridge when the bolt is pulled back, then loads another cartridge into the chamber when the bolt pushed forward (and locked). 

A lever action rifle does the same thing when the lever is moved down (ejects the spent cartridge), then up (loads a new round in the chamber). There are also single shot pistols, rifles and shotguns in which the breech is opened to eject a spent shell, then the shooter loads a round into the chamber manually. 

A popular type of manually loaded firearms for sporting and hunting use is the pump action shotgun. Here, a sliding handle (usually located under the barrel) is moved backwards to eject the spent shotgun shell, then when moved forward it loads a fresh shotgun shell from a tubular magazine.

Uebeschi

Uebeschi is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Trump

Trump most commonly refers to:
Trump may also refer to:











Uetendorf

Uetendorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Sprout (TV network)

Sprout is an American Digital cable and satellite television network it launched on September 26, 2005. is owned by NBCUniversal.

2013 Africa Cup of Nations

The 2013 Africa Cup of Nations was the 29th Africa Cup of Nations held from 19 January to 10 February 2013. It was organized by the Confederation of African Football (CAF). South Africa hosted the tournament for the second time. This was also the first tournament to be held on an odd-numbered year. This was done so that it doesn't get in the way of the FIFA World Cup.

Nigeria won the tournament after a 1–0 victory over Burkina Faso in the final. Mali also won the third-place game. Nigeria later represented Africa in the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup.

A total of 47 countries entered the qualification.

The average daytime temperature of the host cities ranges from to .

Quarter-finals

Semi-finals
Third place match

Final









Unterlangenegg

Unterlangenegg is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


1994 African Cup of Nations

The 1994 African Cup of Nations was the 19th Africa Cup of Nations held from 26 March to 10 April. It was hosted by Tunisia and had 12 teams who qualified.

Nigeria won their 2nd title after defeating Zambia 2−1 in the final. The Zambian team featured new players because the 1993 Zambia national football team air disaster occurred a few months earlier.

Teams highlighted in green move on to the quarter-finals.

Quarter-finals

Semi-finals
Third place match

Final








Unterseen

Unterseen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Ulsan

Ulsan is a metropolitan city in the southeast of South Korea. Big companies such as Hyundai Heavy Industries, Hyundai Hysco, Hyundai Mipo Dockyard, Hyundai Motor Company, SK Innovation and S-Oil. are in Ulsan. Making motors, shipbuilding and petrochemical companies are the main industries in Ulsan. It has the largest area of Korean metropolitan cities but it has the lowest population. In Ulsan, there is a Whale Festival every year to celebrate whales.

AC Sparta Prague

Athletic Club Sparta Praha (), commonly known as Sparta Prague, is a Soccer club from the Czech Republic. It is the most successful football club in the Czech Republic. Its nickname is Iron Sparta. Its biggest rival is Slavia Prague.

The A.C. Sparta Prague has:

In 1991, Sparta came in third place in the Champions League. The other finalists were F.C. Barcelona, F.C. Porto, and F.C. Spartak Moscow.

Sparta last won a title in the Czech Republic during the 2013/2014 season. Sparta also won the Czech League Cup and the Super Cup that season. Because of this, Sparta fans call the 2013/2014 season the "Sparta treble season."

In the 2015/2016 season of the Europa League, Sparta made it to the quarterfinals but lost to Villarreal C.F. 

Famous players who have played for Sparta include Pavel Nedvěd, Jan Koller, Andrej Kvašňák, Jan Berger, Tomáš Rosický, Horst Siegl, Václav Mašek, Jiří Novotný, Jiří Jarošík, Libor Sionko, Wilfried Bony, and Leonard Kweuke. 

Sparta's most famous coach was Václav Ježek.

The following is a list of the all-time statistics from Sparta's games in the three UEFA tournaments it has participated in, as well as the overall total. The list contains the tournament, the number of seasons (S), games played (P), won (W), drawn (D), and lost (L). The statistics include qualification matches.

"As of 12.02.2021, Source: "

Notes

George Meade

George Gordon Meade (1815-1872) was one of the few Union Army generals in the American Civil War who was born and began his career in a foreign country. He was born in Cadiz, Spain on December 31, 1815. He came to the United States after his family was financially ruined during the Napoleonic Wars. Meade was made commander of the Union Army of the Potomac just before the Battle of Gettysburg. After the Civil War he stayed in the army, serving in the South during the Reconstruction. Meade served as commissioner of Fairmount Park in Philadelphia until his death in 1872.

Meade was born in Cadiz, Spain to American parents, Richard W. Meade and Margaret Coates Meade. His father was an agent for the United States Navy. Richard Meade died in 1828 leaving his family with very little money. The family returned to the United States settling in Philadelphia. In 1831, because his family was still struggling financially, Meade entered the United States Military Academy at West Point. Four years later he graduated 19th in a class of 56. 

Meade was commissioned a second lieutenant and served in the Seminole Wars in Florida. He was an artillery officer for a year before resigning in 1837 to become a civil engineer. He reentered the army in 1842 after having difficulty in finding jobs. Meade was a second lieutenant in the Corps of Topographical Engineers when the Mexican–American War broke out in 1846. He was then placed in charge of lighthouse construction and later, surveying the Great Lakes.

At the outbreak of the Civil War, Meade had risen to the rank of captain in the regular army. He was appointed a brigadier general to command a brigade of Pennsylvania volunteers. He was given the task of building several fortifications near Tenallytown, Maryland. It was about this time he gained his nickname "The Old Snapping Turtle" for being short-tempered with junior officers and his superiors. He was especially short with civilians and newspaper reporters. His command was attached to the Army of the Potomac in March 1862. His troops fought in the Battle of Beaver Dam Creek and the Battle of Gaines's Mill. Meade was seriously wounded at the Battle of Glendale. He remained on the battlefield giving orders until a loss of blood from two bullet wounds forced him to leave the field. He recovered in a Philadelphia hospital and returned to duty in September. He led a division of "Pennsylvania Reserves" at the Battle of South Mountain and again three days later on September 17, 1862 at the Battle of Antietam. At Antietam he took temporary command of I Corps after the corps commander was wounded. He participated in the Battle of Fredericksburg and after the battle was made commander of the V Corps. In May 1863, Meade's V Corps protected the important fords on the Rappahannock River at the Battle of Chancellorsville. Despite the Union Army heavily outnumbering the Confederates, the Army of the Potomac was defeated. This led to General Hooker being replaced as commander. On June 28, 1863 Meade was given overall command of the Army of the Potomac.

Having had command of the Army of the Potomac for only three days, and having to deal with a Confederate army which had already invaded Pennsylvania, Meade quickly reorganized his forces. He moved the army towards Gettysburg, Pennsylvania to stop Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia.
With parts of his army already at Gettysburg, Meade arrived late in the day on July 1. He decided to fight a defensive battle. His army held ground just south of Gettysburg. The next day saw some of the bloodiest fighting with the Union army holding the high ground and Lee's army attacking both flanks. Each attack was thrown back. That evening, Meade held a "council of war" with his officers. All said the army should stay and fight the Confederates. On July 3 the Confederates attacked the Union center with about 13,000 men. They broke through the center of the Union line only to be thrown back again. When Lee told General George Pickett to gather his division together and attack again, Picket replied he no longer had a division. They had been nearly wiped out during Pickett's Charge. At that point Lee realized he had been defeated. On July 4, 1863, following three days of battle at Gettysburg, the two armies watched each other from opposing ridges. Meade sent out skirmishers to probe the Confederate lines. But no order was given to attack. Lee was now concerned with getting his army and all their captured supplies back to Virginia. His army held its position while the more than 10,000 wounded men were moved by wagon train to Williamsport, Maryland. The train of wagons and ambulances with the wounded was some long. Meade discovered Lee's army had left the morning of July 5. Meade then ordered his nearly exhausted army to pursue Lee. Since the Potomac River was flooded, Lee's army was delayed in crossing. But by the time Meade's forces reached the Potomac, Lee had already escaped back into Virginia.

While Meade was proclaimed the "hero of Gettysburg", President Lincoln wasn't satisfied. He had expected Meade to follow and destroy Lee's army, which could have ended the war. Meade offered Lincoln his resignation but Lincoln refused to accept it. On July 7, 1863, Meade was promoted to brigadier general in the regular army. Both the battles of Bristoe Station and Mine Run were undecisive for the Union army under Meade. In the spring of 1864, Meade again offered his resignation when General Ulysses S. Grant became general-in-chief of all Union forces and made his headquarters with the Army of the Potomac. While Meade remained in command, nearly all command decisions were made by Grant. This continued through the Siege of Petersburg after which Meade was promoted to major general. A week later, when Lee surrendered his army to Grant at Appomattox Court House, Meade was not present.

Meade commanded several military departments. One of these was the Department of the South. In the fall of 1872, he came down with pneumonia. He died on November 6, 1872. His funeral became a state affair with President Grant attending. Thousands of people in Philadelphia lined the route of his funeral to say goodbye to the "hero of Gettysburg". On July 18, 1917, by order of the United States Department of War, Camp Meade, Maryland was named in honor of George G. Meade. In 1929, to differentiate it from Fort Meade in South Dakota, the camp was renamed Fort George G. Meade.


Clementi MRT station

Clementi MRT Station (EW23) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station in Singapore. It is part of the East West MRT Line. Part of the East West Line, Clementi MRT Station is heavily used by commuters who live in Clementi itself or further west to go to work and also, by students of the National University of Singapore, Ngee Ann Polytechnic and other schools around Clementi. Hence, the station experiences high passenger traffic throughout the day due to it serving a wide range of passengers.

The tracks between this station and Jurong East is the second longest between any two stations on the East West Line, the longest being the tracks between Expo and Changi Airport MRT Stations. It takes four minutes for trains to travel between these two stations.

The station is also directly linked to the Clementi Mall and Clementi Bus Interchange. Together, they form the Clementi Integrated Transport Hub (ITH).

It was opened on 12 March 1988.
On 5 August 1993, at around 7.53 am, two trains collided in the station. It appeared that one train had stopped at the station for longer than usual after experiencing a technical fault, and then a second westward train hit the first. It was caused by a 50 litre oil spill. 156 commuters were injured, many of whom were on their way to work. Eight were admitted to three hospitals, while the rest received outpatient treatment. In the aftermath of the accident, SMRT said that it would replace the faulty maintenance locomotives and purchase new ones. It also introduced a new policy for station managers to inspect tracks for oil or foreign objects before the start of service.


Together with Commonwealth and Queenstown stations, this station will see the construction of an additional pedestrian link bridge linking the station to two new exits, one on each side of the road. The exits will be equipped with fare gates and ticketing machines. It was completed and opened on 25 August 2015.

Queenstown MRT station

Queenstown MRT Station (EW23) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station in Singapore. It is part of the East West MRT Line. It was opened on 12 March 1988.

The station was opened on 12 March 1988, as part of the extension of the MRT system from Outram Park to Clementi.

Together with Commonwealth and Clementi stations, this station will see the construction of an additional pedestrian link bridge linking the station to two new exits, one on each side of the road. The exits will be equipped with fare gates and ticketing machines. Construction started in mid-2012 and opened on August 23, 2015, together with Commonwealth.


Commonwealth MRT station

Commonwealth MRT Station (EW20) is an MRT station in Singapore. It is part of the East West MRT Line. It was opened on 12 March 1988.

Together with Queenstown and Clementi stations, an additional pedestrian link bridge linking the station to two new exits were built, one on each side of the road. The exits are equipped with fare gates and ticketing machines, whereas the exit numbers are divided into 1 and 2 respectively. These new exits were opened on 23 August 2015, alongside Queenstown.

Chañaral

Chañaral is a small coastal city and commune in the Atacama region in the north of Chile. It is the capital of the province of Chañaral.

Its name, "Chañaral" means a "place where there are many trees of chaña" (the Chilean name for "Geoffroea decorticans").

In 1824, Diego de Almeyda found a large area with copper ore in the region; later, he looked for a place from where to export the mineral and began to form a small village in the place where is the present town of Chanaral. In 26 October 1833, José Joaquín Prieto founded the Distrito de Chañaral ("Chañaral District").

The commune of Chañaral has an area of . The city of Chañaral is to the north of Santiago at and to the north of the city of Copiapó at .

The commune is bordered on the north by the Antofagasta region, on the east by the Diego de Almagro commune, on the south by the Copiapó province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

Near the town of Chañaral, to the north, is the "Pan de Azúcar National Park".

The "Salado" river flows into the Pacific Ocean in the commune of "Chañaral"; it is about long.

Chañaral has a very dry climate, a desert climate. The average amount of precipitation for the year, during 47 years, is only .

 (last national census), there were 13,143 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

Chañaral is the largest city of the province with a population, in 2002, of 12,123 inhabitants. The small town of "Salado" has 1,149 inhabitants.



Linda Partridge

Professor Dame Linda Partridge (born 18 March 1950) is a British geneticist. She studies the biology and genetics of ageing (biogerontology) and age-related diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease.

In 1994 she moved to University College London (UCL) as Weldon Professor of Biometry, and was the Director of the Institute of Healthy Ageing between 2007 and 2019.

She is also founding director of the Max Planck Institute for the Biology of Ageing.

Partridge was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1996 and appointed CBE in 2003. She was awarded the Linnean Society of London's prestigious Darwin–Wallace Medal in 2008.

In 2009, she was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE), and received the Croonian lectureship from the Royal Society.

In March 2009, the UKRC announced Dame Linda was one of six Women of Outstanding Achievement in Science, Engineering and Technology.
She is a member of the Advisory Council for the Campaign for Science and Engineering.

She was awarded Foreign Honorary Membership from the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2010.
She has been awarded Honorary Degrees (DSc) from the University of Bath in 2011, the University of Oxford and the University of Brighton.

In a recent BBC radio interview Partridge talked about her life and work.

Now That You Got It

"Now That You Got It" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her second solo studio album, "The Sweet Escape" (2006). Stefani co-wrote the song with its producers Sean Garrett and Swizz Beatz. The album version of the song is a hip hop and R&B song and the remix is a reggae song.

The song's music video was directed by The Saline Project and was shot in Puerto Rico and Jamaica. The Puerto Rico scenes were filmed after Stefani's concert there on July 19, 2007. Most of the video were shot in a studio, including scenes of Stefani riding a motorbike in front of a green screen.


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "The Sweet Escape".


Diego de Almagro, Chile

Diego de Almagro is a small Chilean city and commune in the Chañaral Province, Atacama Region. The commune is named after Diego de Almagro, a Spanish conquistador.

Its inhabitants are called "dieguinos" (women: "dieguinas").

The commune was created on 19 August 1972 with the name of "Pueblo Hundido" but its name was changed on 13 April 1977 to the present name of "Diego de Almagro".

The commune of Diego de Almagro has an area of . The city of Diego de Almagro is at from Chañaral (capital of the province and at from the city of Copiapó (capital of the Atacama region).

The commune is bordered on the north by the Antofagasta region, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Copiapó province and on the west by the Chañaral commune.

Diego de Almagro has a very dry climate, a desert climate. The average amount of precipitation for the year, during 10 years, is only .

 (last national census), there were 18,589 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest town of the commune is "Salvador", a mining town, with a population, in 2002, of 9,745 inhabitants. The town of Diego de Almagro has 8,192 inhabitants.



Copiapó Province

Copiapó Province () is one of three provinces of the northern Chilean region of Atacama (III). Its capital is the city of Copiapó.

The Copiapó province has an area of , the largest province in the Atacama region.

Copiapó is bordered on the north by the Chañaral province, on the northeast by Argentina, on the east by the Tierra Amarilla commune, on the south by the Huasco province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean and the Caldera commune.

The main river of the province is the Copiapó river that is long. In the valley of the Copiapó river, fruits, including grapes, are grown.

 (last national census), there were 155,713 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Copiapó, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 129,091 inhabitants.

As a province, Copiapó is a second-level administrative division, consisting of three communes ("comunas"). The city of Copiapó serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Huasco Province

Huasco Province ) is one of three provinces of the northern Chilean region of Atacama (III). Its capital is the city of Vallenar.

The Huasco province has an area of , the smallest province in the Atacama region.

Huasco is bordered on the north by the Copiapó province, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Coquimbo region and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

The main river of the province is the Huasco river that is long. In the valley of the river, fruits, including grapes, are grown.

 (last national census), there were 6,649 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Vallenar, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 48,040 inhabitants in the commune.

As a province, Huasco is a second-level administrative division, consisting of four communes ("comunas"). The city of Vallenar serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Cimo, Ticino

Cimo is a village and former municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Bosco Luganese and Cimo merged to form the municipality of Bioggio.

Breno, Ticino

Breno is a village and former municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 13 March 2005 the former municipalities of Arosio, Breno, Fescoggia, Mugena and Vezio merged into the new municipality of Alto Malcantone.

Sirtuin

Sirtuin or Sir2 proteins are a class of enzymes that are important in cell biology. 

Sirtuins regulate important biological pathways in bacteria, archaea and eukaryotes. The name Sir2 comes from the yeast gene 'silent mating-type information regulation 2', the gene responsible for cellular regulation in yeast.

Sirtuins influence many cellular processes like ageing, transcription, apoptosis, inflammation and stress resistance, as well as energy efficiency and alertness during low-calorie situations. Sirtuins can also control circadian clocks and mitochondrial biogenesis.

Euryale

Euryale is one of the gorgons in Greek myth. Her sisters are Stheno and the infamous Medusa. All three were once ravishing young women, particularly Medusa, who also happened to a priestess in the temple of Athena and took a vow of chastity, until she was raped by Poseidon. This was much to the ire of Athena and to punish Medusa, she had her and her sisters, who had been watching, turned into monsters with snakes for hair and a killer gaze, which turned onlookers into stone. The trio of sisters were later banished to a remote island. 

A side effect of the transformation was that while Medusa's sisters were immortal, she herself wasn't, which would lead to Perseus killing her. Euryale is well known for her loud cries, particularly after her younger sister's death.

MTOR

mTOR is a protein, an enzyme which regulates cell growth, cell division, cell movement, cell survival, protein synthesis, autophagy, and transcription. It is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "MTOR" gene.

It has been given various names. It was originally called the 'mammalian target of rapamycin', but is also known as the 'mechanistic target of rapamycin' and 'FK506-binding protein 12-rapamycin-associated protein 1' (FRAP1).

The mTOR pathway is a central regulator of mammalian metabolism and physiology, with important roles in the function of tissues including liver, muscle, white and brown adipose tissue, and the brain.

Rapamycin

Rapamycin, also known as sirolimus, is a compound produced by the bacterium "Streptomyces hygroscopicus".

It is used in medicine to prevent organ transplant rejection. It has immunosuppressant functions in humans and is especially useful in preventing the rejection of kidney transplants. It inhibits activation of T cells and B cells by reducing the production of interleukin-2 (IL-2). Sirolimus is also used as a coating for coronary stents.

Rapamycin was first shown to extend lifespan in eukaryotes (actually, yeast cells) in 2006.

In a 2009 study, the lifespans of mice fed rapamycin were increased between 28 and 38% from the beginning of treatment. That is a 9 to 14% increased maximum lifespan. The treatment began in mice aged 20 months, the equivalent of 60 human years.

Later, rapamycin has been shown to extend mouse lifespan in several separate experiments. It is now being tested for this purpose on nonhuman primates (the marmoset monkey). A study on dogs is also planned.

Because rapamycin at high doses can suppress the immune system, people taking rapamycin for transplant or cancer therapy are more susceptible to dangerous infections. 

It is thought that some dietary regimes, like restricting calories and methionine, cause lifespan extension by decreasing mTOR activity. It is believed that this is achieved by limiting the essential amino acid leucine, a potent activator of mTOR. The administration of leucine into the rat brain has been shown to decrease food intake and body weight via activation of the mTOR pathway.

According to the free radical theory of aging, reactive oxygen causes damage to mitochondrial proteins, and decreases ATP production. Then, the mTOR pathway is inhibited and ATP consuming protein synthesis is downregulated. This means the proportion of damaged proteins grows. Moreover, disruption of mTORC1 directly inhibits mitochondrial respiration. 

These positive feedbacks on the aging process are counteracted by protective mechanisms: decreased mTOR activity (among other factors) upregulates glycolysis, and removal of dysfunctional cellular components by autophagy.

Bristoe Campaign

The Bristoe Campaign was a series of minor battles fought in Virginia during October and November 1863, in the American Civil War. Major general George G. Meade, commanding the Union Army of the Potomac, began an unsuccessful attempt to defeat General Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia. Lee countered with a turning movement. Not willing to do battle on ground he did not choose, Meade gradually withdrew his army back toward Centreville. His object was to keep Lee from getting between his Union forces in Virginia and Washington, DC.

In September, Lee was forced to send his I Corps commanded by general James Longstreet to the Western Theatre around Chattanooga, Tennessee. Meade lost his Union XI and XII Corps who were also sent to Tennessee. Lee was left with about 55,000 men while Meade’s forces now numbered about 80,000. Meade was unhappy about having to give up two Corps and felt he did not have a large enough force to defeat Lee. Lee, however, proceeded with his plan for a turning movement, to get between Meade and Washington DC.

Early on the morning of October 9, the Confederates broke camp to try to move unnoticed around Meade's flank. They avoided hills and dusty roads where marching might raise clouds of dust that could be seen for miles. Lee knew that if Meade discovered his movements he would either commit to battle or move north of the Rappahannock. But Union pickets reported there were no drum or bugle calls and no smoke from the morning cooking fires coming from the Confederate camps. Word was sent to Meade's headquarters that the rebel army seemed to be moving westward. Meade still did not know what was happening but was very uneasy about these reports. Lee might be moving south to Richmond or he could be moving north trying to turn Meade's flank. Meade also realized that Lincoln was unhappy with his letting Lee escape after Gettysburg. So Meade knew he had to do something.

Throughout the day on October 9, Meade waited on news of Lee's movement. That evening his sent orders for general John Buford’s 1st Cavalry Division to cross the Rapidan at Germanna Ford to find out where the Confederates were. But Buford did not get the orders until the following morning. His cavalry left right away but did not get to the area where the Confederates had been camped before 11:00 a.m.. It wasn't until sunset they made contact with Confederate troops at Morton’s Ford. Meade did not get word of this until the next day, October 11.

At Culpepper Courthouse, Meade was beginning to think Lee was moving north around his flank. But he still had no reports showing this was the case. By the night of October 10, Meade decided a fight in the constricted area of Culpepper was dangerous and might give Lee an advantage. He ordered his entire army north of the Rappahannock. Buford had not received word of the Union army moving north and waited for support from I Corps on the morning of October 11. Instead, he was attacked by Confederate cavalry. The Union and Confederate cavalry units fought throughout the day and by evening Buford had fought his way back across the Rappahannock. But this had distracted the Union cavalry from discovering where Lee's army was.

On October 13, in what became known as the First Battle of Auburn, Confederate general J.E.B. Stuart's cavalry was riding ahead of Lee's army. He blundered into Federal troops guarding a supply train. Seeing he was outnumbered, Stuart's cavalry hid in the thick bushes waiting for a chance to attack. But they quickly found themselves surrounded by Union troops who did not know Stuart's men were there. The Confederate cavalry remained in hiding, gathering information about what they saw. The next morning, in what was called the Second Battle of Auburn, Stuart's cavalry fought its way out of the area.

On October 14, 1863 Hill's Corps attacked two Union corps who were retreating north. Hill's mistake was in not ordering any reconnaissance before the attack to see what they were up against. One of Hill's divisions was badly beaten and one artillery battery was lost. After reinforcing his line Hill was not able to make any progress against the Union corps who were dug in behind the Orange and Alexandria Railroad embankment. After beating Hill, the Union army continued on to Centerville, Virginia. Lee was angry with Hill over his mistakes at Bristoe Station. He told hill, "bury your dead and say no more about it!"

After defeat at Bristoe Station and an aborted advance on Centreville, Stuart's cavalry shielded the withdrawal of Lee's army from the vicinity of Manassas Junction. Union cavalry under general Judson Kilpatrick pursued Stuart's cavalry along the Warrenton Turnpike. But they were lured into an ambush near Chestnut Hill and were routed. The Federal troopers were scattered and chased five miles (8 km) in an affair that came to be known as the "Buckland Races".

Lee returned to his old position behind the Rappahannock but left a fortified bridgehead on the north bank. This protected the approach to Kelly's Ford. On November 7, Meade forced passage of the Rappahannock at two places. A surprise attack by general John Sedgwick's VI Corps at dusk overran the Confederate bridgehead at Rappahannock Station. They captured two Confederate brigades (more than 1,600 men) of general Jubal A. Early's division. Fighting at Kelly's Ford was less severe, but the Confederates retreated, allowing the Federals across in force.

Turning movement

A turning movement , also called a wide envelopment is a maneuver designed to pass around the enemy's front to strike a vital part of the enemy's rear. It is a military tactic where a command is divided into two parts. The first part holds the enemy from the front while the other part moves around to attack the enemy's rear or flank. Unlike an envelopment or a flanking maneuver, the two forces operate beyond the distance where they could usually support each other. It is often easier for an enemy force to avoid an envelopment than it is to avoid a turning movement. To counter a turning movement, the enemy must either abandon their position or turn to meet the new threat. The turning movement is a variation of the envelopment tactic. Another difference is that the turning movement often seeks to "avoid" enemy contact until they are deep in the enemy's rear. Faced with a new threat in his rear area, the enemy is "turned" out of his defensive position and forced to act.

An early example of a turning movement was by Julius Caesar in 48 BC. One of Napoleon I of France's favorite tactics was the "Strategy of Indirect Approach" or the turning movement. One corps of his army would hold the enemy's attention while the main force would move behind the enemy in a wide circle. Ideally he would use the terrain to hide the turning movement. He used this to great effect during his 1805 Ulm Campaign. He repeated his success with this tactic at the Battle of Jena–Auerstedt in 1806, and at the Battle of Friedland in 1807.

The famous "left hook" maneuver by American and French troops during Operation Desert Storm was another example of a turning movement. Paratroopers of the American 82nd Airborne Division in vehicles along with the French 6th Light Armoured Brigade moved up the flanks. At the same time the 101st Airborne Division made the largest helicopter assault in history in the rear of Saddam Hussein's Republican Guard to cut off their retreat.



Geoffroea decorticans

The Geoffroea decorticans or Chañar is a small tree in the pea family, Fabaceae. It is found in very arid places of southern South America. It is a deciduous tree that loses its leaves in winter with the cold and also in summer if it gets too dry.

The trunk of "Geoffroea decorticans" grows vertically when grows alone but the plant looks like a shrub when it grows inside the forest. The tree grows up to tall.

The trunk could have up to in diameter, with yellow bark that off, revealing the underneath young green bark. The plant has many branches and many leaves, and the tree have a rounded look in its upper part.

The flowers are very visible, small, papery and yellow-coloured. The tree produces flowers in spring (September to October, in the Southern hemisphere), either singly or in groups ("clusters)", and produces fruits from November to January.

"Geoffroea decorticans" is unique among legumes in that it produces fleshy, oval s that hold a single seed. Fruits are initially green but turn deep orange as they mature.

The second name of the species, " decorticans", means that the bark of the trunk peels off.

Common names for this tree are "chañar", Chilean palo verde and "kumbaru".

The species have the following synonyms:

The plant grows naturally in very dry regions in South America. "Geoffroea decorticans" is found in Argentina (northwest and central), Bolivia, northern Chile, western Paraguay, southern Peru and western Uruguay. 

The "chañar" grows from sea level up to above sea level. In Chile, it grows in the Arica and Parinacota, Tarapacá, Antofagasta, Atacama and Coquimbo regions, and grows in groups called , in plural ( in singular).

"Geoffroea decorticans" is an average tree with a wood moderately hard and dense, good for carpentry and furniture making. It is also used as firewood and to make cheap posts (tall sticks) for fences.

The fruits are sweet and can be eaten, as well as the seeds; both are used as human and animal feed. The fruits are very commonly used for both cooking and medical purposes in the processed form of chañar molasses.

Because they produce many bright, yellow flowers, "Geoffroea decorticans" is also used as ornamental plants.


Cyclone Bobby

Cyclone Bobby took place on February 19, 1995. The cyclone hit parts of Western Australia. It moved slowly before hitting the east of Onslow. Cyclone Bobby had 40mm of rain and a maximum winds of 270km/h. Three people died from Bobby and many were injured. Cyclone Bobby was one of the most devastating cyclones in the history of Western Australia.

Postal codes in Azerbaijan

Postal codes in Azerbaijan consist of four digits. 

The four-digit postcode shows the nationwide format "AZ NNNN". The first two digits show the regions of Azerbaijan in accordance with the modern administrative divisions, including the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic and occupied Nagorno-Karabakh.

From 1970 until 1991, when Azerbaijan was part of the Soviet Union as the Azerbaijan SSR, the entire territory of the Soviet Union used the six-digit postcode "37NNNN". After gaining independence, Azerbaijan switched to the current four-digit postcode.



ENSAE ParisTech

ENSAE Paris (officially École nationale de la statistique et de l'administration économique Paris) is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Paris-Saclay.

Its curricula lead to these French & European degrees:

Academic activities and industrial applied research are taught mainly in French and English languages. The students are from a dozen nationalities.

Research activities at ENSAE ParisTech relate to the following topics:


Hayflick limit

The Hayflick limit (or Hayflick phenomenon) is a phenomenon of cell division in tissue culture. It is the number of times a normal human cell population divides until cell division stops.
We now know that the telomeres on each cell's chromosomes get slightly shorter with each new cell division, until they reach a critical length.

The idea of the Hayflick limit was suggested by American anatomist Leonard Hayflick in 1961, at the Wistar Institute in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Hayflick showed that a population of normal human fetal cells in a cell culture will divide between 40 to 60 times. The population then goes into senescence. This refutes the idea of Nobel laureate Alexis Carrel that normal cells are potentially immortal.

Each mitosis slightly shortens each of the telomeres on the chromosomes of the cells. Telomere shortening eventually makes cell division impossible, and this ageing of the cell population may cause the overall physical ageing of the human body.

The process of telomere shortening leads to apoptosis, the technical name given to programmed cell death. Although the Hayflick experiments were done on human cells in tissue culture, there is nothing special about human cells which would not be found in the cells of other living organisms. Apoptosis is thought to happen in all multicellular organisms. The 2002 Nobel Prize in Medicine was awarded to Sydney Brenner, H. Robert Horvitz and John E. Sulston for their work identifying genes that control apoptosis. The genes were found by studies in the nematode "Caenorhabditis elegans". These same genes function in humans for apoptosis.


Cantor's diagonal argument

Cantor's diagonal argument is a mathematical method to prove that two infinite sets have the same cardinality. Cantor published articles on it in 1877, 1891 and 1899. His first proof of the diagonal argument was published in 1890 in the journal of the German Mathematical Society (Deutsche Mathematiker-Vereinigung). According to Cantor, two sets have the same cardinality, "if it is possible to associate an element from the second set to each element of the first set, and to associate an element of the first set to each element of the second set".

The example below uses two of the simplest infinite sets, that of natural numbers, and that of positive fractions. The idea is to show that both of these sets, formula_1 and formula_2 have the same cardinality. 

First, the fractions are aligned in an array, as follows:

Next, the numbers are counted, as shown. Fractions which can be simplified are left out:

That way, the fractions are counted:

By omitting fractions that can still be simplified, there is a bijection which associates each element of the natural numbers, to one element of the fractions: 

To show that all natural numbers and the fractions have the same cardinality, the element 0 needs to be added; after each fraction its negative is added;

That way, there is a complete bijection, which associates a fraction to each natural number. In other words: both sets have the same cardinality. Today, sets that have the same number of elements than the set of natural numbers are called countable. Sets which have fewer elements than the natural numbers are called at most countable. With that definition, the set of rational numbers / fractions is countable. 

Infinite sets often have properties which go against intuition: David Hilbert showed this in an experiment which is called Hilbert's paradox of the Grand Hotel.

The set of real numbers does not have the same cardinality than those of the natural numbers; there are more real numbers than natural numbers. The idea outlined above influenced his proof. In his 1891 article, Cantor considered the set "T" of all infinite sequences of binary digits (i.e. each digit is zero or one).

He begins with a constructive proof of the following theorem:
To prove this, given an enumeration of elements from "T", like e.g.
The sequence "s" is constructed by choosing the 1st digit as complementary to the 1st digit of "s" (swapping 0s for 1s and vice versa), the 2nd digit as complementary to the 2nd digit of "s", the 3rd digit as complementary to the 3rd digit of "s", and generally for every "n", the "n" digit as complementary to the "n" digit of "s". In the example, this yields:
By construction, "s" differs from each "s", since their "n" digits differ (highlighted in the example).
Hence, "s" cannot occur in the enumeration.

Based on this theorem, Cantor then uses a proof by contradiction to show that:
He assumes for contradiction that "T" was countable. In that case, all its elements could be written as an enumeration "s", "s", … , "s", … .
Applying the previous theorem to this enumeration would produce a sequence "s" not belonging to the enumeration.
However, "s" was an element of "T" and should therefore be in the enumeration. 
This contradicts the original assumption, so "T" must be uncountable.

Arrondissements of the Deux-Sèvres department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Deux-Sèvres department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs).  The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Deux-Sèvres are:

Since its creation, the Deux-Sèvres department has had some changes:


Arrondissement of Bressuire

The arrondissement of Bressuire is an arrondissement of France, in the Deux-Sèvres department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Bressuire.

When the Deux-Sèvres department was created on 1790, Bressuire was not one of the original districts but, in 1804, it was made one of the "arrondissements" of the department when the subprefecture of Thouars was moved to Bressuire.

Bressuire is the northernmost "arrondissement" of the department. It is bordered to the north by the Maine-et-Loire department, to the east by the Vienne department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Parthenay and to the west by the Vendée department.

It has an area of , and a population of 96,703 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Bressuire, there are 3 cantons with all their "communes"  in the "arrondissement": Bressuire, Mauléon and Thouars, 

The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the "arrondissement" of  Bressuire:

The "arrondissement" of Bressuire has 53 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

Cynthia Kenyon

Cynthia Jane Kenyon (born February 21, 1954) is an American molecular biologist and geneticist. She does research on the genetics of aging in the model organism "Caenorhabditis elegans", which is a roundworm.

Kenyon did postdoctoral studies with Nobel laureate Sydney Brenner at the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge, England, studying the development of "C. elegans".

Since 1986 she has been at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), as the Herbert Boyer Distinguished Professor of Biochemistry and Biophysics, and now as an American Cancer Society professor. She is also Vice President of Aging Research at Calico, a new company focused on health, well-being, and longevity.

Her early work led to the discovery that hox genes, known to pattern the body segments of the fruit fly "Drosophila", also pattern the body of "C. elegans". These findings showed that hox genes were part of an ancient and fundamental metazoan patterning system.

Michael Klass discovered that lifespan of "C. elegans" could be altered by mutations, but he believed the effect was due to reduced food consumption (calorie restriction). Later, Thomas Johnson showed that the 65% life extension effect was due to the mutation itself, not calorie restriction.

In 1993, Kenyon discovered that a single gene mutation (daf-2) could double the lifespan of "C. elegans" and that this could be reversed by a second mutation in daf-16m. This set off an intensive study of the molecular biology of aging. Kenyon's findings led to the discovery that an evolutionarily-conserved hormone signaling system influences aging in other organisms, perhaps also mammals.

The company she founded, Elixir Pharmaceuticals, is trying to make a pill that would slow down the process that makes people age. It would mimic gene manipulation.

Kenyon has received many honors, including the King Faisal Prize for Medicine, the American Association of Medical Colleges Award for Distinguished Research, the Ilse & Helmut Wachter Award for Exceptional Scientific Achievement, and La Fondation IPSEN Prize, for her findings. She is a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. She is now the director of the Hillblom Center for the Biology of Aging at UCSF. She is also one of featured biologists in the 1995 science documentary "Death by Design / The Life and Times of Life and Times".

Kenyon's research prompted her to make personal dietary changes. She stopped eating high glycemic index carbohydrates when she discovered that putting sugar on the worms' food shortened their lifespans.

Kenyon follows a low glycemic index diet similar to the Atkins diet and the South Beach Diet.

In the past, Kenyon had also briefly experimented with a calorie restriction diet for two days, but couldn't stand the constant hunger.



Randall Woolf

Randall Woolf (born 23 August 1959) is an American composer. He studied at Harvard University. Woolf received Guggenheim Fellowship in 1999. One of his piaces is called "White Heat". He is a long time collaborator of Welsh musician John Cale. He arranged Cale's score for Mary Harron's movie "American Psycho". His wife Kathleen Supové is a pianist.


Arrondissement of Niort

The arrondissement of Niort is an arrondissement of France, in the Deux-Sèvres department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Niort.

When the Deux-Sèvres department was created on 1790, Niort was one of the original districts.

Niort is the southernmost "arrondissement" of the department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Parthenay, to the east by the Vienne department, to the south by the Charente-Maritime department and to the west by the Vendée department.

It has an area of , and a population of 212,425 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the case of the "arrondissement" of Niort, all its cantons have their "communes" within the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the "arrondissement":

The "arrondissement" of Niort has 163 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

Arrondissement of Parthenay

The arrondissement of Parthenay is an arrondissement of France, in the Deux-Sèvres department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Parthenay.

When the Deux-Sèvres department was created on 1790, Parthenay was one of the original districts.

The territory of the present "arrondissement" of Parthenay is the historical region of Gâtine vendéenne; several "communes" are named after this region: La Boissière-en-Gâtine, Mazières-en-Gâtine, Saint-Paul-en-Gâtine, Vernoux-en-Gâtine.

Parthenay is the central "arrondissement" of the department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Bressuire, to the east by the Vienne department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Niort and to the west by the Vendée department.

It has an area of , and a population of 64,425 inhabitants for a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Parthenay, there are 2 cantons with all their "communes" in the "arrondissement": La Gâtine and Parthenay. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the "arrondissement":

The "arrondissement" of Parthenay has 77 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

Arosio, Switzerland

Arosio is a village and former municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 13 March 2005 the former municipalites of Arosio, Breno, Fescoggia, Mugena and Vezio merged into the new municipality of Alto Malcantone.

Envelopment

Envelopment is the military tactic of attacking the enemy's flank or rear. This is done while keeping the enemy's attention focused on his front by the use of diversionary attacks. The envelopment makes the enemy fight in a direction they are the least prepared for. The maneuver requires a flank that can be attacked. Unlike a flanking maneuver, which uses the enemy's forward movement to create an attackable flank, envelopment depends on the enemy's defensive position, any obstacles and the terrain. The envelopment has both advantages and disadvantages. Advantages include being able to capture or defeat all or part of an opposing army. It offers less risk than other offensive maneuvers. Disadvantages include the possibility of an enemy counterattack on the weakened center or on the other flank.


Famous examples of the single envelopment include Alexander the Great who used it at the in 331 BC. Robert E. Lee used the tactic at the Battle of Chancellorsville in 1863. During World War II, German General Erwin Rommel used it successfully at the Battle of Gazala, which led directly to his capture of Tobruk in 1941. Some of the famous double envelopments include Hannibal at the Battle of Cannae where he defeated the Roman army in . In 1781 during the American Revolutionary War, American general used it successfully against British general , causing many of the British soldiers to surrender. In the 1944 during Operation Overlord, German troops were caught in a double envelopment by British and American forces.


Knap of Howar

Knap of Howar is a neolithic settlement on Papa Westray (one of the Orkney Islands) in Scotland. The farm was occupied from about 3700 to 2800 BC. The farm consists of two buildings: One has been interpreted as house where people lived, the other as a workshop of sorts.The houses have no windows, both entries face the sea. It is believed that the houses where lit by fires. 

DeAndre Yedlin

DeAndre Roselle Yedlin (born July 9, 1993) is an American professional soccer player who plays for Major League Soccer club Inter Miami and the United States national team.

Seattle Sounders FC

Newcastle United

Inter Miami

United States

Individual

Sèvre Nantaise

The Sèvre Nantaise is a river in western France, a left tributary of the Loire river.

It starts in the Deux-Sèvres department (named "Two Sèvres" after this and the Sèvre Niortaise river that flows through Niort) and ends in the city of Nantes (and is the origin of the second part of the river's name).

The Sèvre Nantaise river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Nantes, where the Sèvre Nantaise joins the Loire river.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Nantes
The Sèvre Nantaise starts in the "Gâtines" plateau, "commune" of Neuvy-Bouin, near the "commune" of Secondigny in the Deux-Sèvres department, at an elevation of about . It then flows to the northwest through the departments of Vendée, Maine-et-Loire and Loire-Atlantique.

Finally, the river flows into the Loire river in the city of Nantes.

The Sèvre Nantaise flows through 2 regions, 4 departments and 44 "communes":

The main tributaries of the Sèvre Nantaise river are:


Ricardo Lucarelli

Ricardo Samuel Lucarelli Santos de Souza (born February 14, 1992) is a Brazilian volleyball player. He is a member of the Brazil national volleyball team and Brazilian club Funvic Taubaté. He competed on the winning volleyball team at the 2016 Summer Olympics.


Aaron Russell

Aaron Russell (born June 4, 1993) is an American volleyball player. He is a member of the United States men's national volleyball team. He competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. He won a bronze medal. Since late 2015, he plays for an Italian volleyball club.


Artem Volvich

Artem Aleksandrovich Volvich (born 22 January 1990) is an Russian volleyball player. He is a member of the Russian National Volleyball Team. He competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.


Lazarus

Lazarus is a given name and surname (family name). The pronunciation of the name is [ laz-er-"uh"s ]. It is derived from the Hebrew אלעזר, Elʿāzār (Eleazar) meaning "God has helped". This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Cagiallo

Cagiallo is a village and former municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 15 October 2001 the former municipalities of Cagiallo, Lopagno, Roveredo, Sala Capriasca, Tesserete and Vaglio merged to form the new municipality Capriasca.

Sala Capriasca

Sala Capriasca is a village and former municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 15 October 2001 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Cagiallo, Lopagno, Roveredo, Tesserete and Vaglio to form a new and larger municipality Capriasca.

Tesserete

Tesserete is a village and former municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

In 1976 the neighboring municipality Campestro was incorporated into Tesserete.

On 15 October 2001 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Cagiallo, Lopagno, Roveredo, Sala Capriasca and Vaglio to form a new and larger municipality Capriasca.

Ardfern

Ardfern ( = "the head-land of alder-trees") is a village in Argyll and Bute, Scotland. It is on the south coast of the Craignish peninsula, facing Loch Craignish.

Rosh Chodesh

Rosh Chodesh or Rosh Hodesh (; trans. "Beginning of the Month"; lit. "Head of the Month") is the name for the first day of every month in the Hebrew calendar, marked by the birth of a new moon. It is considered a minor holiday, like the middle days of Passover and Sukkot.

When a Hebrew calendar month is 30 days long, day 30 is considered Rosh Chodesh of the next month. Then Rosh Chodesh is two days long: day 30 of the old month and day 1 of the new month.

Sèvre Niortaise

The Sèvre Niortaise is a river in western France, flowing into the Atlantic Ocean.

It starts in the Deux-Sèvres department (named "Two Sèvres" after this and the Sèvre Nantaise) and flows through Niort (that is the origin of the second part of the river's name).

The Sèvre Niortaise river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Niort.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Niort
The Sèvre Niortaise starts in the "commune" of Sepvret in the Deux-Sèvres department, at an elevation of about . It then flows to the northwest through the departments of Vendée and Charente-Maritime.

Finally, the river flows into the Atlantic Ocean to north of the city of La Rochelle.

The Sèvre Nantaise flows through 2 regions, 3 departments and 38 "communes":

The main tributaries of the Sèvre Niortaise river are:


Intersectionality

Intersectionality or intersectional theory studies the relation between the many different ways that people are kept in a lower social position, controlled, and left out of important parts of society because of their differences. Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw gave the name "intersectionality" to this concept in 1989. 

Sometimes a society decides that a group of people are different from themselves. When they do this, they "other" that group, or marginalize them. Intersectionality points out that people are often othered for more than one reason.

These reasons might be


Because of this, it suggests that these types of othering cannot be looked at by themselves. They must be looked at together. For example, a person can be othered because they are a woman, a person of color, a poor person, and a disabled person at the same time. These different forms of othering make each other worse, shape each other, and prop each other up. This means that the experience of being othered for all of these reasons is different from what would happen if you added them all up. Because of this, fighting each one alone would not help the people who experience many of them at the same time.

Intersectionality says that the different ways people are othered and forced into a lower social position, such as racism, sexism, classism, ableism, homophobia, transphobia, xenophobia and bigotry based on belief, create an entire system. In this system, each of the ways people are held down by society contributes to the other. So if someone wanted to understand how a society began to other a group of people as a race apart from themselves (racialization), they would have to look into the ways that gender, class, sexuality, and other parts of identity shaped this process.

Intersectionality began as a way to understand the ways that women of color in American society were othered. The women who developed the theory were challenging the feminism of their time. They saw it as being too focused on the issues of wealthy white women. They felt that this left behind the women who needed feminism the most, and only helped the women who already had the most power. They were also criticizing the Civil Rights Movement. They saw it as being too focused on men and leaving women of color behind. They believed they had a place in both of these movements, and that these parts of their lives could not be separated. Intersectional theory quickly grew to include the relation between all of the many other ways that people are othered and kept in a lower social position, such as sexuality, ability, and the gender binary.

Daniel Sickles

Daniel Edgar Sickles (1819–1914) was a controversial New York politician, diplomat, and political general during the American Civil War. He was the first person to successfully use the Insanity defense as a legal defense. As a result, he was acquitted of killing his wife’s lover, Francis Barton Key (son of Francis Scott Key). As a general, he was a political appointee who gained his high rank strictly through political influence. Without any military experience or training, Sickles found it difficult to follow orders. In spite of his battlefield failures, he managed to get himself awarded the Medal of Honor.

Sickles was born in New York City on October 20, 1819. He was the son of George Garrett Sickles and Susan Marsh Sickles. At a young age he kept running away from home. His parents sent him to boarding school when he was 15 years old but he had to leave after a fight with a teacher. He became a printer's helper for a year before returning to New York City. There he developed the habit of hanging out with prostitutes and others with poor reputations. His parents decided he needed a good education and arranged for him to live in the Da Ponte household. Sickles was to be tutored by the elderly Professor Lorenzo Da Ponte. He was already friends with the younger Professor Da Ponte, who was in his 30s at the time. Sickles' parents hoped the friendship would be a good influence on Sickles. Maria Cooke, a young American girl also lived in the household. She was about the same age as Sickles. She was thought to be the natural daughter of the elder Da Ponte who adopted her. Her husband, Antonio Bagioli and their infant daughter, Maria, also lived with the Da Ponte family. At the time she was 3 years old, Sickles was 20. They would marry some 13 years later.

Sickles then studied law at New York University. Afterwards he became involved in politics and was a key figure in the Tammany Hall political machine. He also served as their legal counsel. Through political influence he became the Corporate Council for New York City, Secretary of the United States Legation in London and later a US congressman from New York. In 1852 he married Teresa Bagioli. At the time he was 33 years old and she was 15. Both families were opposed to the marriage at the time. Only a few years later, living in Washington, D.C. as the wife of a congressman, she was described as "more like a schoolgirl than a polished woman of the world" with a "sweet, amicable manner".

Leaving for London, as the assistant to James Buchanan, American minister to Great Britain, he left his young pregnant wife Teresa at home. Instead, as his traveling companion, he brought Fanny White, a notorious prostitute. In London Sickles embarrassed the American delegation on more than one occasion. He refused to drink a toast to Queen Victoria. Another time he introduced Fanny White to the Queen under a false name.

In 1859 Sickles was arrested for murder. His wife had turned to another man for attention. This was Francis Barton Key, son of Francis Scott Key. Sickles repeatedly shot Key in front of his home (which was also in front of the White House. Sickles had a team of lawyers represent him, led by Edwin M. Stanton (future Secretary of State under Abraham Lincoln). Sickles was released on what was the first successful plea of "temporary insanity". Sickles already had a questionable reputation, but this incident made him a pariah. Sickles saw the outbreak of the civil war as an opportunity to save his reputation.

In Congress, Sickles had aligned himself with Southern Democrats and was himself a pro-slavery Democrat. But after the outbreak of the war, Sickles suddenly became Pro-Union. His last session in Congress had ended in March so Sickles was back in New York City practicing law when the war started. In later versions of his motives for joining the Union Army he stated he thought he could best serve the Union by raising a regiment. Republican President Lincoln needed the support of Democrats and apparently saw Sickles as one he could use. After raising a regiment, then a brigade which he named the Excelsior Brigade, Sickles assumed he would be given the rank of brigadier general (a colonel commanded a regiment while a brigadier general commanded a brigade). But officially, he remained a colonel of the first regiment, even though he commanded the entire brigade. New York Governor Edwin D. Morgan decided there were too many regiments from New York City and ordered Sickles to disband some of the regiments. As a result, Sickles would not get a brigadier general's commission. Going around the governor, Sickles went to Washington to meet with Lincoln. The President agreed to enlist the disbanded regiments as United States Volunteers. Finally on July 20, 1861 they received orders to report to Harpers Ferry, West Virginia. In September, Sickles was nominated as a brigadier general of volunteers, but his confirmation was delayed for several months by the United States Senate. Sickles brigade spent most of 1861 in lower Maryland. Sickles frequently visited the Lincolns in Washington during this time. In March 1862, his command was attached to General Joseph Hooker in the Army of the Potomac. That same month, Sickles' brigadier general commission was turned down by the Senate. The Excelsiors saw their first combat that month. Sickles personally led a reconnaissance. Then on April 6, he left the Excelsiors for Washington to protest his not being commissioned a brigadier general. While his unit fought in the Peninsula Campaign, Sickles remained in Washington. Lincoln again nominated him for general and on May 3, 1862 the Senate confirmed him.

On May 24, "brigadier general" Sickles was ordered to report back to Hooker. He was given command of Hooker's 2nd Brigade. Sickles saw his first major engagement at the Battle of Seven Pines. Sickles next saw action at the Seven Days Battles. Hooker's advance did not go well due in part to Sickles' brigade having difficulties moving through the swamps then meeting heavy Confederate resistance. When some of his men broke and ran to the rear, Sickles was only able to get a few to return. Nonetheless, Hooker's report noted Sickles gallantry in trying to rally his men. He did not stay long and missed the Second Battle of Bull Run and the Battle of Antietam, being in New York recruiting men for his brigade. When Ambrose Burnside replaced George B. McClellan as commander of the Army of the Potomac, both Hooker and Sickles were moved up to command larger units. Sickles still had hardly any battlefield experience yet was now leading Hooker's old second division of III Corps. Sickles was busy getting New York newspapers and Washington insiders to promote his image as a battle hardened fighting general.

In December 1862, at the Battle of Fredericksburg, Sickles brigade did not see battle until the third day. He and his troops watched as Union troops fought uphill against Lee's Confederates. After 2:00 p.m. Sickles was finally ordered to the front. Leading his men they found the battle to mostly be over in their section. They secured their position against limited sniper fire and a few Skirmishes but otherwise did not see any fighting.

When Burnside was replaced as commander of the Army of the Potomac, Hooker was moved up to replace him. In the new assignments resulting from the change, and even though he had little battlefield experience, Sickles was given temporary command of III Corps. But again, the Senate did not confirm his promotion to Major General. Finally, on March 9 (with his rank to date back to November 29), the Senate confirmed his promotion. By the end of March Sickles was officially a major general. Unlike earlier battles, at the Battle of Chancellorsville, Sickles saw action. As Sickles observed Confederate general Stonewall Jackson's flanking maneuver, without orders he pushed forward with two-thirds of his corps to go after the Confederates. This left XI Corps on his right completely isolated. Jackson's confederates then made a crushing attack on XI Corps. Sickles leaving his assigned position was a major factor in the Confederate victory. This started a feud between Hooker and Sickles that continued into the Battle of Gettysburg. Hooker blamed Sickles for the defeat at Chancellorsville.

On June 27, Hooker resigned as commander of the Army of the Potomac. Among the corps commanders suggested to replace him, the New York Herald actually suggested Sickles as the best commander for the job. On June 28, three days before the battle of Gettysburg, Lincoln appointed general George G. Meade to replace Hooker. On July 1, the first day ended in Confederate victory. Meade worked to quickly put his forces in place for the next day's battle. Early on the morning of July 2, Meade sent a message to Sickles with instructions to place his 12,000-man corps on Cemetery Ridge. He was specifically ordered to connect to general Winfield Scott Hancock's II Corps on his right, and extend his line to Little Round Top on his left.

Sickles, not impressed with his new commander or his orders. He rode to Meade's headquarters about 11:00 a.m. and waited to see Meade. But the commander was busy at the time. Feeling ignored Sickles returned to his troops. He decided he did not like his orders. A mile to his front was Emmitsburg Road, which was higher ground than he was assigned to occupy. He also did not like the fact there were rocks and trees among his line. Sickles, without orders or without informing the other corps commanders moved his corps forward about one mile. This left Hancock's left flank completely open and a large break in the line where his corps was supposed to be. The new position he chose was wider than the one he abandoned and he did not have enough men to cover it completely. The middle of his line formed a salient (a right angle in the line that could be attacked from two directions). Brigadier general Henry Hunt, the artillery chief, inspected the new position with Sickles and pointed out the problems. He said he had to check back with Meade to see if the orders he gave Sickles could be changed. Sickles made the move anyway. Within an hour, his entire III Corps was nearly wiped out by Confederate general James Longstreet's corps. Sickles himself was nicked by a cannonball which shattered his leg. He was carried off the field and his right leg was amputated a few hours later. His injury may have saved him from a court-martial for disobeying orders, but his days as a field commander were at an end.

After Sickles lost his right leg, he gained fame for donating it to the Army Medical Museum in Washington, DC. He sent it with a card which read, "With the Compliments of Major General D.E.S.". The leg is on display today at the Army Medical Research and Materiel Command headquarters building at Fort Detrick, Maryland. After his recovery, Lincoln sent Sickles to the South where he was to look into the effect of slavery on African Americans. He was also to give suggestions for the future Reconstruction of the South.

After the Civil War he held a number of different positions. He was military governor of North and South Carolina but was removed by President Andrew Johnson in 1867. He retired from the army in 1869. From his retirement to 1872 he was appointed a U.S. minister to Spain by President Ulysses S. Grant. While there Sickles managed to engage in "undiplomatic relations" with the Spanish queen. He served one more term in Congress from 1893–1895 but was defeated for reelection in 1986. In 1897, after 34 years of lobbying, Sickles was able to get himself awarded the Medal of Honor.

In New York he was a New York City sheriff and chairman of the New York State Monuments Commission. In 1912, he was removed from the commission for allegedly misusing funds. He also was an important part of establishing the Gettysburg National Battlefield Park. On May 3, 1914, Sickles died in New York City of a cerebral hemorrhage. Sickles was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.


Thouet

The Thouet is a river in western France, flowing through the Deux-Sèvres and Maine-et-Loire departments, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine and Pays de la Loire regions.

It is one of the last left tributary of the Loire river.

The Thouet river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Thouet starts in the "Gâtine" plateau, west of the Deux-Sèvres department, in the "commune" of Le Beugnon, near Secondigny and close to the source of the Sèvre Nantaise river, at an elevation of about . From the source to Parthenay the river flows in a generally southwest-northwest direction. To the east of Parthenay, the river turns north and flows on a generally northward direction for the rest of its course.

Finally, the river flows into the Loire river in the city of Saumur.

The Thouet flows through 2 regions, 2 departments and 34 "communes"; some of them are:

The main tributaries of the Thouet river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:



Amambay

The Amambay department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Pedro Juan Caballero. Its code is PY-13.

The name comes from the name of a part of the Caaguazú Cordillera, the "Amambay Cordillera" (). "Amambay" (or "amambái") means "fern" in Guaraní language; ferns are common in the forests of the region.

The town of Pedro Juan Caballero was found in 1893, and Bella Vista, in 1902. The department of Amambay was created in 1945 as the No. 10 department of the country. After some reorganization it was declared as the No. 13 department.,

Pedro Juan Caballero, the capital of the department, is still known by its old name, "Punta Porá", because is near the "Punta Porá" Hill; that name was used by the people that transported yerba mate from Mato Grosso to Concepción. The BrazilIan municipality across the border, Ponta Porã (Mato Grosso do Sul), keeps the name.

The Amambay department is in the north part of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , with a population of 125,611 for a Population density of .

Amambay is the highest of the Paraguayan departments, high, and the "Punta Porá" Hill, high, is one the highest point in the country.


The main rivers in the department are the Apa in the north, and the Ypané and the Aquidabán rivers in the central part of the department.

, the total amount of precipitation for the year 2012 in the city of Pedro Juan Caballero was . The month with the most precipitation was February with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was May with .

The average temperature for the year 2012 in Pedro Juan Caballero was . The warmest month, on average, was December with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 5 districts:



Darwin–Wallace Medal

The Darwin–Wallace Medal is awarded by the Linnean Society of London for "major advances in evolutionary biology".

The medals have been awarded every 50 years, beginning in 1908. That year marked 50 years after the joint presentation of papers by Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace. These were "On the Tendency of Species to form Varieties"; and "On the Perpetuation of Varieties and Species by Natural Means of Selection". The papers were both about natural selection as the main cause of evolution. The papers were presented to the Linnean Society of London on 1 July 1858. 

Wallace was one of the first to get of the medal. In his case it was made of gold, rather than the silver versions given to the six other medallists. However, in 2008 the Linnean Society announced that due to the continuing importance of evolutionary research, the medal will be awarded on an annual basis beginning in 2010.

The first award was of a gold medal to Alfred Russel Wallace, and silver medals to six other distinguished scientists:


20 silver medals were awarded:


13 silver medals were awarded, including 2 posthumously:



Khan Academy

Khan Academy is a non-profit educational organization. It has been created by Sal Khan. Khan Academy is available on the internet for free. Khan Academy teaches by using YouTube videos of short lectures of certain topics, as well as by using practice exercises and tools that help with learning. It is available in many different languages, but mostly English.

Khan Academy teaches mostly about mathematics, but also teaches biology, chemistry, physics, history, astronomy, cosmology, American civics, art history, economics, music, computer programming and computer science, healthcare, medicine, and finance. In the YouTube videos that Khan Academy makes, they record diagrams being drawn from a tablet using the screen capture software called Camtasia Studio.

Untersteckholz

Untersteckholz was a municipality in Aarwangen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010 the Untersteckholz became part of Langenthal.

Ursenbach

Ursenbach is a municipality of the administrative district Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Urtenen-Schönbühl

Urtenen-Schönbühl is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Uttigen

Uttigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Kienersrüti merged into the municipality of Uttigen.


Political general

A political general is a term used by historians and most often applies to the American Civil War. In this context, it means a General officer who does not have formal military training or experience and who gained his position through political influence. To a lesser degree, it can also mean generals who engaged in politics during or after their time as a general. A "political general" can seem to be a contradiction in terms in a country such as the United States where by law the military is under civilian authority. An example was Dwight D. Eisenhower, who graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point in the class of 1915. He was an experienced staff officer who commanded the invasions of North Africa and Western Europe. Eisenhower developed the political skills to deal with his British and American officers as well as political leaders. He later became President of the United States. 

In history, many great generals were also political leaders. Julius Caesar was a general who became the dictator of Rome in 44 BC. Genghis Khan was the son of a Mongol chieftain who became a general and then the leader of the Mongol Empire. As a general, Alexander the Great never lost a battle. He was a king who was also a general. In the British Army of the 17th and 18th centuries, the officers were often aristocrats and most obtained their rank by purchase.

In American history up to the Civil war, there had been a long line of amateur military leaders going back to the colonial militias. Before he led the Continental Army in the American Revolutionary War, George Washington had little military experience. Andrew Jackson only had experience in the American Indian Wars. But he successfully defeated a larger and more professional British army at the Battle of New Orleans during the War of 1812. 

During the American Civil War, two great armies were raised that were made up largely of citizen-soldiers. There simply were not enough trained generals to lead all these men. Both Abraham Lincoln and Jefferson Davis appointed political generals, some of whom later proved to be incompetent. Others proved to be good or even great generals. Many of these generals had very little or no military training before being commissioned a general. Confederate general Patrick Cleburne was such a leader. He earned his nickname as the "Stonewall Jackson of the West" by being a great general. One of the worst examples was Union general Daniel Sickles. He was a Tammany Hall politician who used his influence to rise to the rank of major general. Sickles nearly lost the Battle of Gettysburg for the North yet, after 34 years of lobbying, managed to get himself awarded the Medal of Honor.


E. Ray Lankester

Sir E. Ray Lankester KCB, FRS (15 May 1847 – 13 August 1929) was a British zoologist, born in London.

Ray Lankester was an invertebrate zoologist and evolutionary biologist. He was Professor of Zoology at University College London and Oxford University. He was the third Director of the Natural History Museum, and was awarded the Copley Medal of the Royal Society.

E. (Edwin: his first name was never used) Ray Lankester was the son of Edwin Lankester, a coroner and doctor-naturalist who helped abolish cholera in London. Ray Lankester was probably named after the naturalist John Ray.

August 2016 Central Italy earthquake

The August 2016 Central Italy earthquake was a natural disaster that struck Central Italy on 24 August 2016 at 03:36 CEST. Its epicentre was close to Accumoli. It was followed by 40 strong aftershocks.

More than 250 people were killed by the earthquake.

Citation

A citation or source citation is a reference to a published work (for example, a book, article, image, etc.,) that is used when creating a written work. It shows readers where specific pieces of information came from and where readers can locate it for themselves. It acknowledges or gives credit to the author who actually created the content being used in a paper. The opposite of a citation is plagiarism, or not giving credit to others for their ideas, concepts, or images. Plagiarism, especially in academia, is considered taking the work of others and presenting it as one's own. The penalties for plagiarism can be severe. Source citations also give a work credibility. In other words, it shows the information is simply not made up.

In general, different academic situations will have different rules for what to cite and how to cite it. Some use footnotes while others may require in-text (also called inline) source citations.(←) Some may require a bibliography which lists all works that were used. In some cases, it may only be necessary to provide a list of "works cited." It is important to know in advance what protocols must be used and what citation style (see below) is preferred.





You do not need to cite anything that is common knowledge. These are things that would be known by nearly everyone. Examples of common knowledge are:

But when in doubt, cite it.

A source citation typically includes several key pieces of information including:

The main citation styles that are used include:





Nihal Naj Ali Al-Awlaqi

Nihal Naj Ali Al-Awlaqi or Nihal Naji Ali Al Awlaki (Arabic: نهال ناجي علي العولقي ) is a Yemeni lawyer. She is Yemen’s Minister of Legal Affairs. In 2016 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Al-Awalqi is from the Shabwah Governorate in Yemen. At the time of her appointment as Minister of Legal Affairs, on September 9, 2016, she was 39 years old. Al-Awalqi received a Doctor of Laws degree with honors from Mohammed V University in Morocco. She also received a Master of Law and a Bachelor of Legal Sciences from Mohammed V. University. She speaks Arabic, English, and French.

Al-Awalqi was an assistant law professor at the University of Aden, where she worked on research and training on the status of women.
She was a member of the comprehensive national dialogue conference state-building team. She was a member of the constitution drafting committee. She was a member of the government negotiating team in Geneva.

On September 9, 2016, Yemen President Abd Rabbo Mansour Hadi appointed al-Awaqi as Minister of Legal Affairs ( وزيراً للشؤون القانونية ). 


Elqui Province

Elqui Province () is one of three provinces in the Chilean region of Coquimbo (IV). Its capital is the city of Coquimbo.

It is named after the main river of the province: the Elqui River river.

The Elqui province has an area of , the largest province in the Coquimbo region.

Elqui is bordered on the north by the Atacama region (Huasco province), on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Limarí province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

The main river of the province is the Elqui river that is long. In the valley of the river, fruits, including grapes, are grown.

 (last national census), there were 365,371 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km², the province of the region with more people living in it.

The largest city of the province is La Serena with a population, in 2002, of 160,148 inhabitants.

As a province, Elqui is a second-level administrative division, consisting of six communes ("comunas"). The city of Coquimbo serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Limarí Province

Limarí Province () is one of three provinces of the Chilean region of Coquimbo Region (IV). Its capital is the city of Ovalle.

It is named after the main river of the province: the Limarí River.

The Limarí province has an area of , the second largest province in the Coquimbo region.

Limarí is bordered on the north by the Elqui province, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Choapa province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

The main river of the province is the Limarí river that is long.

 (last national census), there were 156,158 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Ovalle, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 66,405 inhabitants.

As a province, Limarí is a second-level administrative division, consisting of five communes ("comunas"). The city of Ovalle serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Choapa Province

Choapa Province () is one of three provinces of the Chilean region of Coquimbo Region (IV). Its capital is the city of Illapel

The Choapa province has an area of , the smallest province in the Coquimbo region.

Choapa is bordered on the north by the Limarí province, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Valparaíso region and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 81,681 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Illapel, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 30,355 inhabitants.

As a province, Limarí is a second-level administrative division, consisting of four communes ("comunas"). The city of Illapel serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


LGBT rights in Tunisia

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) persons in Tunisia may face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Homosexuality is illegal in the Republic of Tunisia and the law does not include sexual orientation or gender identity in its civil rights laws and there is no legal recognition for same-sex couples. According to the 2013 Pew Global Attitudes Project, 93% of Tunisian adults do not believe that homosexuality is acceptable by society.
Tunisia is socially conservative when it comes to such issues as homosexuality. There are a few led organised LGBT Human rights movements such as the movement named "Shams". Mostly Tunisians are generally Muslims with traditional values, and traditional Islamic attitudes and mores look down upon Homosexuality and cross-dressing as signs of decadence and Immorality. But Tunisian Cross-dressers are not expressly Illegal in the country. Male prostitution workers occur in some Tunisian tourist resorts. The so-called Minister for Human Rights Samir Dilou stated that "Freedom of Speech has its limits", Homosexuality is a "perversion", and gay people needed to be "treated medically" for this. His comments were condemned by many in Tunisian society who posted pro-LGBT pictures on social networking sites. In June 2012, Dilou rejected the recommendation of the United Nations Human Rights Committee for Tunisia to decriminalise same-sex sexual acts, stating that the concept of "Sexual orientation is specific to the west" which is not true and is overridden by Tunisian Law, which "clearly describes Tunisia as an fellow Arab Muslim country".

In May of 2016, several LGBTI Associations organised a small, discreet Gay Pride reception in Tunis. Associations also organised events and public demonstrations to mark the International Day against Homophobia in May.

Public Tunisian Opinion:

Public opinion regarding its LGBT Human rights is complex. According to a 2014 Survey Poll by the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association, 18% of Tunisian people were in favour of legalising Same-sex marriages, with 62% being opposed to such legislation of legalisation.

Institut national des sciences appliquées de Toulouse

Institut national des sciences appliquées de Toulouse (INSA Toulouse, National Institute of Applied Sciences of Toulouse) is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Toulouse (Southern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at INSA Toulouse.

Research activities at INSA Toulouse relate to the following topics:


1909 Cherry Mine disaster

The 1909 Cherry Mine disaster was a fire that occurred in Cherry, Illinois on November 13, 1909 in the Cherry Coal mine. Of the approximately 500 miners who reported to work that day, 259 men and boys (some as young as 10 years old) lost their lives. It was the second worst mine disaster in United States History.

During the early 20th century, coal miners risked their lives every day. During the first decade of the 20th century, on average about six miners died every month in Northern Illinois coal mines. Between 1905 and 1930 in the U.S. it totaled about 2,000 deaths per year. The Cherry Mine was operated by the St. Paul Coal Company. It opened in 1905 and by 1909 was producing 300,000 tons of coal a year. The mine was a modern state of the art mine for its time. It had two vertical shafts, one of which blew blew air into the mine and was also used if miners needed to escape. The other shaft had elevators that lowered men and supplies, and brought out the coal. Most of the miners were from Europe and were new to America. Many lived in nearby towns such as Streator, Illinois or other towns on the Illinois River.

There were three veins of coal, two of which were being worked that day. About 300 men worked the second vein while about 200 worked the third and deepest vein. In order to reach the third level, miners had to use the escape shaft and take a different elevator. On the morning of November 13, the electricity that lit the mine was not working. This was a common problem in the mine. When there was no electricity, miners used kerosene lamps to light the mine. A mine car full of hay to feed the mules that worked in the mine caught fire. The fire quickly spread and was out of control. Many of the miners burned to death while others died of suffocation from the toxic fumes. 

About forty-five minutes after the fire started, men were told to abandon the mine. About 10 to 12 cages full of men reached the surface through the elevator shaft. Others scrambled up the escape shaft. About 2:00 p.m. someone decided to reverse the fans that supplied air into the mine. This spread the fire and made matters much worse. Rescue workers went into the mine to try to save lives. But after a cage full of rescuers was lost at about 4:00 p.m., the company decided to seal off the mine.

The next day, rescue workers went back into the mine. They wore diving helmets with oxygen tanks, as no special equipment yet existed for mine rescues. They brought out the bodies of the dead workers. Then there was a surprising development. A small group of 21 miners had been quick thinking enough to build a barricade against the fire. They were found alive eight days later. 

When a final count was made, 259 men and boys were killed in the mine fire. As a consequence, the USA reinforced many mining laws and regulations. The United Mine Workers Union gained hundreds of new members. In Illinois, the disaster led to the passage of the Illinois Workmen's Compensation Act. It also became a main reason for changes in the child labor laws in the United States. It was one of the mine disasters that caused the formation of the United States Bureau of Mines in 1910.



Prosopis tamarugo

Prosopis tamarugo, commonly known as tamarugo, is a species of flowering tree in the pea family, Fabaceae. It is found only in the dry northern regions of Chile.

"Prosopis tamarugo" are trees that could grow up to tall but usually they are, on average, tall and the trunk is wide. The young branches have spines. Flowers grow together in inflorescences and their pollination is made by bees.

The plant grows only in the Pampa del Tamarugal, some east of the city of Iquique.

The Pampa del Tamarugal is a plain between 19°33' S and 21°50' S, and an altitude from .

Even if the Pampa del Tamarugal is very dry, the "Prosopis tamarugo" can use the relatively shallow ground water.

The wood and dry leaves of "Prosopis tamarugo" are used as firewood; the wood is also used for lumber. Leaves and fruits are used as food to animals, mainly to ruminants as cattle, sheep and goats.

Fruits are sweet and people can eat them.

Margaret Anstee

Margaret Anstee (June 26, 1926 - August 25, 2016) was a British diplomat. She worked with the United Nations for over 40 years, and became the first woman to reach the post of Under-Secretary-General. She was the Director-General of the UN office in Vienna. She also worked as the Director-General's Special Representative to Angola. She wrote an autobiography called "Never Learn to Type."

Maria Eugénia

Maria Eugénia Pinto do Amaral (April 1, 1927, Lisbon - August 25, 2016, Lisbon) was a Portuguese actress and singer. She became known as the Radio Girl when she starred in the movie of the same name directed by Arthur Duarte in 1944.

Justin du Fresne

Justin du Fresne (died August 25, 2016) was a New Zealand radio broadcaster, known as the Voice of Wellington. He began his career in 1960 working for the New Zealand Broadcasting Service. After a break, he returned to radio in 1984 as a morning talk show host, and retired in 2013. He died from cancer in 2016.

Warren Hinckle

Warren Hinckle (October 28, 1938, San Francisco - August 25, 2016, San Francisco) was an American journalist. He became famous as the editor of Ramparts magazine in the 1960's. Hinckle was known for his no holds barred writing style (later called gonzo journalism), and as a supporter of the political left.

Neo-futurism

Neo-futurism is a 21st-century movement in the arts, design, and architecture with an attitude of post-modernism and represents an idealistic future and "a need to periodize the modern rapport with the technological". Neo-futurism has absorbed sоme of the high-tech concept themes аnd ideas and incorporating elements of high-tech industry аnd technology.

Neo-futurist artists include Erin Sparler, Marlow Rodale, Panayiotis Terzis, Miguel Ovalle, British Olivia Peake, Yuima Nakazato, and Simon Stålenhag.

Neo-futurism in the 21st century has been creatively inspired by the Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava, the British architect Zaha Hadid, and by Vito DiBari.



Appeal to emotion

Appeal to emotion is a logical fallacy. It happens when the argument is designed to trigger an emotional response instead of giving reasons. An example of this would be "we have to donate to charity X; think of the children!", where instead of giving a reason why we should donate to charity, an emotive trigger is used instead- "think of the children". It is also called "argumentum ad passiones" or appeal to feeling.

Aristotle recognized that if you triggered someone's emotions, they were easier to persuade. He said this in his book, Rhetoric.

Appeal to tradition

Appeal to tradition (also known as "argumentum ad antiquitatem", appeal to antiquity, or appeal to common practice) is a common fallacy.

In this fallacy, an idea is claimed to be right because it is the way it was often done in the past. The appeal takes the form of "this is right because we've always done it this way".

An example of appeal to tradition is, "drinking boiling hot water (and never cold water) is always healthy because Chinese people have done it for thousands of years."

An appeal to tradition essentially makes two mistakes:

In the case of drinking boiling water, traditional Chinese medicine claims that the health benefits come from re-balancing one's own qi, rather than the fact than un-boiled or un-chilled water may have dangerous germs in it.

The opposite of an appeal to tradition is an appeal to novelty, claiming something is good because it is "new".


Red herring

A red herring is something that misleads or distracts from an issue.

There are two ways in which it is used. One, it may be used as logical fallacy during an argument so that someone arguing does not have to answer a difficult question. For example, if a journalist asks a politician if the politician used any taxpayer money for his or her personal use, the politician may instead talk about the importance of increasing the pay of government officials without ever answering the question.

Two, it can be used as a literary device that tricks readers or audiences into thinking that something is true when it really is not. It is common in stories like detective mystery books. For example, a character may own or hold a weapon similar to the weapon used to kill a character, but then it turns out that character was not the killer. The weapon was only a red herring.

It has long been thought that the phrase came from kippers (a strong-smelling smoked fish) to train dogs to follow a scent, or to distract them from the correct route when hunting. However, most researchers today believe that the term was probably invented in 1807 by English polemicist William Cobbett. He may have have been talking about a time which he had used a kipper to distract dogs from chasing a hare, and that hunters never actually used kippers to train dogs. The phrase was later borrowed to give a formal name for the logical fallacy and literary device.


Appeal to popularity

An appeal to popularity, also called argumentum ad populum (Latin for "appeal to the people"), is a logical fallacy. It happens when someone tries to argue that something is right because lots of people believe in it.

An example is saying "many people buy extended warranties, therefore we should buy one for our new computer".


Twann-Tüscherz

Twann-Tüscherz () is a municipality of the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Twann and Tüscherz-Alfermée merged into the new municipality of Twann-Tüscherz.

Utzenstorf

Utzenstorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is regionally famous for its medieva castle, Landshut Castle.


Inwil, Switzerland

Inwil (Swiss German: "Eibu") is a municipality of the district Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Lieli, Switzerland

Lieli is a village and former municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Since 2007, it is part of the municipality of Hohenrain.

Feigned retreat

A feigned retreat is a military tactic where a force will pretend to be defeated, fake a retreat, then while they are being pursued, turn and ambush the enemy. It can be used to cause confusion in the enemy ranks or to force some to leave and weaken their battle formations. Battlefield commanders have had to use this tactic carefully so the feigned retreat did not become a real retreat. It was a tactic used in ancient history and is still being used today. Sun Tzu wrote about it in his book "The Art of War". He warned his readers: "When some are seen advancing and some retreating, it is a lure."






Magnicharters

Magnicharters is a low cost, charter airline from Mexico. It's headquarters are in Monterrey, Mexico. It was founded in 1994 by the Mexican tourist agency, "Magnitur". The airline currently focuses on transporting Mexicans to domestic beach destinations. It also goes to a few destinations in the United States. It has a fleet of 9 Boeing 737 airplanes. 

Constructive proof

In mathematics, a constructive proof is a method of proof that shows the existence of a mathematical object—by giving a method on how to create the object. The other type of proof is called non-constructive proof, or existence proof: It shows that an object must exist, but does not give a way how to construct it.

A non-constructive proof is rejected by the so-called constructivists, who choose to interpret existence in a stricter way.


Vauffelin

Vauffelin was a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Vauffelin and Plagne merged into the new municipality of Sauge.


Involuntary celibacy

Involuntary celibacy or inceldom means being unable to get sex or a romantic partner. An incel or incelibate is a person who is in this situation. Female incels are sometimes called "femcels". Homosexual incels are sometimes called "gaycels". Transgender people going through inceldom are called "transcels".

Discussions on the incelosphere (incel websites) are mostly by heterosexual males. But female incels and gay incels also exist. Incels, especially male incels, are often misogynistic and seem to feel a sense of entitlement to sex, with some supporting arranged marriage. Some incels even support violence against women, such as rape, and violence against romantically successful men (some of which are often refered to as "Chads"), who are resented.The Southern Poverty Law Center has described the subculture as "part of the online male supremacist ecosystem", and says self-described incels have committed several mass murders in North America.

The word "incel" was invented in 1993 by a college student 'Alana' from Toronto, Ontario. She made a website to discuss her sexual inactivity with others. The website, titled "Alana's Involuntary Celibacy Project", was used by people of all genders to share posts about the topic. During her college career and after, she realized she was queer, and became more comfortable with her identity. She later gave the site to a stranger. After reading about the 2014 Isla Vista killings, she wrote, "Like a scientist who invented something that ended up being a weapon of war, I can't uninvent this word, nor restrict it to the nicer people who need it". Another notable incel was Christine Chubbuck. She committed suicide on live tv in 1974. /r/incels on Reddit was one of the biggest Incel forums. On November 7, 2017, Reddit decided to get rid of it because of their new site rules. 

There are many subgroups of incels. For example lesbocels are a subgroup of gaycels meaning lesbian involuntary celibates. Some femcelish lesbians call themselves "incelbians". Or for example disabledcels and mentalcels are subsets of inceldom whose involuntary celibacy is caused by them being disabled. Femcels who believe that their inceldom condition is permanent call themselves "trufemcel" or "truefemcel". They call the state of being unable to get romance or a partner as "femceldom". The largest inceldom-related forum at the turn of the 2020s decade was the subreddit "trufemcels", a platform for femcels.

Many incels take views from fields like evolutionary psychology. Some incels believe that male incels have no chance against more attractive males, and women have things easier because of feminism and cosmetics. Incels may believe their lack of success is because of being shy, poor body image, penis size, or their appearance, and believe that having lots of money is the only chance to find an attractive partner. 

Chad: A sexually successful man.

Stacy: A sexually active woman who is considered attractive.

Roastie: A woman who had sex with many men.

Black pill: The real or perceived socially unspoken realizations that come from being a longtime incel.

Sauge

Sauge is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Plagne and Vauffelin merged into the new municipality of Sauge.


Jailhouse Rock (movie)

Jailhouse Rock is a 1957 American musical movie. It was directed by Richard Thorpe. Jailhouse rock stars Elvis Presley, Judy Tyler, and Mickey Shaughnessy. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) and is based on a story written by Nedrick Young. The movie is about a young man sentenced to prison for manslaughter. There he is mentored in music by his prison cellmate who realizes his musical abilities. After his release from jail, while looking for a job as a club singer, the young man meets a musical promoter who helps him start his career. As he develops his musical abilities and becomes a star, his self-centered personality begins to affect his relationships. Jailhouse rock is considered one of Elvis Presley's best movies. When James Dean died in 1955, Hollywood began looking for a new actor to replace him. There were a lot of young actors trying to act tough and be rebellious. Presley was considered a replacement for Dean. He could sing and dance. He was good-looking and was a decent actor.


Vechigen

Vechigen is a municipality of the Swiss canton of Bern. In 2014, 5075 people lived there. It consists of the villages: Sinneringen, Boll, Dentenberg, Utzigen, Lindental, Berg, Littewil and Radelfingen.

Villeret, Switzerland

Villeret is a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois of the Swiss canton of Bern.


Vinelz

Vinelz () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Thun (administrative district)

The administrative district of Thun in the Swiss canton of Bern has 35 municipalities in an area of 322 km².

The Beginning (Black Eyed Peas album)

The Beginning is the sixth studio album by American hip hop group the Black Eyed Peas. The album was released on November 26, 2010 by Interscope. The album was titled to be a prequel to the groups fifth album "The E.N.D." (2009). It is the groups last album to feature Fergie as she left in 2017 to focus on her solo career.


Credits for "The Beginning" adapted from Allmusic.

Shock tactics

Shock tactics are those military tactics designed to overwhelm an enemy with fear, causing panic and confusion. Shock tactics are as old as warfare itself. The Mongols got their reputation for being invincible by the use of shock tactics. Numbers of Medieval knights mounted on their warhorses made coordinated shock attacks into the ranks of enemy soldiers. Robert E. Lee saw the advantage of the shock attack as not so much killing enemy soldiers, but to "create a panic and virtually destroy the [enemy] army." The disadvantage of a shock attack is that the attacker may suffer heavy casualties. During World War I, for example, Germany suffered great losses with its use of the shock attack.

Ancient armies often defeated their enemy through through the psychological impact of shock tactics.





Renegotiations: The Remixes

Renegotiations: The Remixes is a remix EP by American hip hop group the Black Eyed Peas. It was originally released on iTunes on March 21, 2006 by Interscope Records. All the songs were originally from the groups fourth studio album "Monkey Business" (2005).

Monkey Business (album)

Monkey Business is the fourth studio album by American hip hop group, the Black Eyed Peas. It was released on May 25, 2005, by the will.i.am Music Group and A&M Records. It was the groups second album to feature R&B singer Fergie as a member.

Credits adapted from "Monkey Business" liner notes:

Elephunk

Elephunk is the third studio album by American hip hop group the Black Eyed Peas. It was released on June 24, 2003, by the will.i.am Music Group and A&M Records. Although the album is the group's third album it is also the groups first in many ways; it was the first album to feature R&B singer Fergie and was the first album of the group to be billed as "the Black Eyed Peas".





The album is considered a victim of the Loudness war, with the worst possible ranking in the Hall of CD Clipping Shame, as 1 minute 19 seconds of the CD's audio has been destroyed by clipping.

Azadliq (newspaper)

Azadliq () a daily political newspaper in Azerbaijan. It is one of the most popular newspapers in Azerbaijan.


Behind the Front

Behind the Front is the debut studio album by American hip hop group Black Eyed Peas, released on June 30, 1998 by Interscope, The original members of the group were rappers will.i.am, Taboo and apl.de.alp as well as R&B singer Kim Hill, although Hill was a member of the group her photo wasn't included on the album and she only appeared on a few of the songs on the album. Some of the songs were demos from will.i.am and apl.de.alp's group Atban Klann's scheduled debut album "Grass Roots" which was never released, with additional raps added by Taboo.



Bridging the Gap (Black Eyed Peas album)

Bridging the Gap is the second studio album by American hip hop group Black Eyed Peas, released on September 26, 2000. This is their last album as "Black Eyed Peas", before they changed their name to "The Black Eyed Peas" and the last album with Kim Hill as a member.

Arrondissements of the Haute-Vienne department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Haute-Vienne department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Haute-Vienne are:

Since its creation, the Charente department has had some changes:


Rodjaraeg Wattanapanit

Rodjaraeg Wattanapanit is a bookstore owner from Thailand. She also helped start Creating Awareness for Enhanced Democracy (CAFÉ Democracy), an organization for political ideas. In 2016 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Wattanapanit graduated from Payap University in Chiang Mai, Thailand. She raised money for conservation of forests. She worked for Community Forest Support group, a non-governmental organization. When Wattanapanit received the award in 2016, she was 49 years old.

In October 2011, Wattanapanit started the bookstore Book Re:public with Pinkaew Luangaramsri, an anthropology scholar from Chiang Mai University. After the May 2014 coup, the government closed her bookshop. They took her to military camps twice. They wanted her to sign an agreement not to work for political activities. The first time, they took her to Kawila Army Camp in Chiang Mai. The second time it was the Army Central Command.

After one year, she opened the bookshop again. The shop is a place for neighbors to meet and talk about social and political problems.


Vicky Ntetema

Vicky Ntetema or Vicky Alice Ntetema (born c. 1958) is a journalist from Tanzania. She hid her identity to find out about the deaths of albino people. She is the director of Under the Same Sun, an NGO for the rights of albino people. In 2016, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Ntetema received a bachelor's degree in the former Soviet Union in 1985. She studied journalism at Byelorussian State University in Minsk. She received a Master of Science in Information Systems Development from the University of London.

Ntemtema started work at the BBC in 1991 as a Swahili translator. In 2005, she returned to Tanzania, and became the head of the BBC World Service in Tanzania. She worked at the BBC from 1991 to 2009.

In November 2007, Ntetema wanted to know about a series of albino murders and their connection with witchdoctors. More than 90 percent of Tanzanians believe in witchcraft, so witch doctors are important in traditional African life. According to Ntetmea, more than 50 albinos were killed since 2007. Often, witchdoctors pay people to kill albinos. The police protect the killers.

In July 2008, Ntetema's story was on the BBC. She received threats, so the BBC told her to get out. She went to London. Later she went to Kenya.

In 2010 she received the Courage in Journalism Award.



Arrondissement of Bellac

The arrondissement of Bellac is an arrondissement of France, in the Haute-Vienne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Bellac.

When the Haute-Vienne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Bellac was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Bellac is the most northern "arrondissement" of the Haute-Vienne department. It is bordered to the northwest and north by the Vienne department, to the east by the Creuse department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Limoges, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Rochechouart and to the west by the Charente department.

The "arrondissement" of Bellac is the second "arrondissement" of the department, after the "arrondissement" of Limoges, in area, , and population (39,744 inhabitants). It has a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Bellac, the canton of Bellac and the canton of Châteauponsac have all their "communes". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Bellac has 62 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Awadeya Mahmoud

Awadeya Mahmoud or Awwadah Mahmoud Koko (Arabic: عوضية محمود كوكو ) is a tea seller and activist from Sudan. She started the Women’s Food and Tea Sellers’ Cooperative and the Women’s Multi-Purpose Cooperative for Khartoum State. In 2016, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Mahmoud lived in southern Kordofan. Because of war in south Sudan, she moved to Khartoum. She started to sell tea by the side of the road. Every day, the local police harassed her and threatened her. She could not go to the government, so she organized women. She helped them talk to politicians and use the media to get attention for their problems. The police put her in jail for four years. Finally the courts of Sudan said she was free. With the help of the Sudanese Development Association, an NGO, she started an organization to help the women who sell tea.

At first there were three cooperatives. During 2015, the project increased to 36 cooperatives in seven areas of Khartoum region. Now there are more than 7,500 women in the original three cooperatives.


Forever Marilyn

Forever Marilyn is a giant statue of Marilyn Monroe designed by Seward Johnson. The statue is made to look like one of the most famous images of Monroe, taken from the movie "The Seven Year Itch". The statue was created in July 2011. It has been displayed in the United States and Australia.

The 26-foot-tall sculpture is a super-sized tribute to Marilyn Monroe's famous scene from Billy Wilder's 1955 comedy, "The Seven-Year Itch". It shows the instant a blast of air from a New York City Subway grate raises her white dress.

The statue was displayed at Pioneer Court in Chicago, Illinois, before it was moved to Palm Springs, California in 2012.

It left Palm Springs on March 27, 2014. It was moved to the 42-acre Grounds for Sculpture in New Jersey in 2014 to honor Seward Johnson. Due to its popularity, the statue remained on display at the GFS through September 2015.

The statue was next displayed in 2016 in Australia in connection with the Bendigo Art Gallery's Marilyn Monroe exhibition.

In 2011 the statue was vandalized three times, being splashed with red paint. According to the executive director of the Chicago Public Arts Group, this was because the statue is controversial.

The public, however, generally liked the statue: ""Forever Marilyn" journeyed back to Hamilton in April 2014, arriving at the Grounds for Sculpture on a truck as two dozen people cheered and took pictures. During the cross-country journey, people snapped photos of the sculpture in parking lots and along highways and posted them on social media."

There is at least one full size counterfeit. The discarded sculpture was photographed in a dump in China.

Arrondissement of Limoges

The arrondissement of Limoges is an arrondissement of France, in the Haute-Vienne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Limoges.

When the Haute-Vienne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Limoges was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Limoges is the most southern "arrondissement" of the Haute-Vienne department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Bellac, to the east by the Creuse department, to the south by the Corrèze department, to the southwest by the Dordogne department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Rochechouart.

The "arrondissement" of Limoges is the largest "arrondissement" of the department, with area of , and it is the one with more people living in it with a population of 298,578 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Limoges, the canton of Ambazac is the only canton that has "communes" in more than one "arrondissement" as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Limoges has 108 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Hysterical strength

Hysterical strength or superhuman strength is a display of extreme strength by humans beyond the normal. Hysterical strength usually occurs in life or death situations. The usual explanation is a sudden release of adrenaline (epinephrine). There have been numerous reports of people exhibiting hysterical strength while experiencing negative side effects of drugs like LSD, Phencyclidine and flakka and even fighting with the police.

In 1982, in Lawrenceville, Georgia, Tony Cavallo was repairing a 1964 Chevrolet Impala automobile from underneath. The vehicle was propped up with jacks, but it fell. Cavallo's mother, Mrs. Angela Cavallo, lifted the car high enough and long enough for two neighbours to replace the jacks and pull Tony from beneath the car.

In 2006, in Tucson, Arizona, Tom Boyle watched as a Chevrolet Camaro hit 18-year-old Kyle Holtrust. The car pinned Holtrust, still alive, underneath. Boyle lifted the Camaro off the teenager, while the driver of the car pulled the teen to safety.

In 2011, in Tampa, Florida, 6 ft 3 in (1.91 m), 295 lb (134 kg; 21.1 st) University of South Florida college football player Danous Estenor lifted a 3,500 lb (1,600 kg) car off of a man who had been caught underneath. The man was a tow truck driver who had been pinned under the rear tire of a 1990 Cadillac Seville, which had lurched forward as he worked underneath it. The man suffered only minor injuries.

In 2015, in Vienna, Virginia, Charlotte Heffelmire was able to momentarily use incredible strength to free her dad from a GMC pick-up truck.

In healthy people at oral therapeutic doses, amphetamine has been shown to increase physical strength, acceleration, stamina, and endurance, while reducing reaction time. Like methylphenidate and bupropion, amphetamine increases stamina and endurance in humans mainly through the release of dopamine, and other central nervous system effects.

India (disambiguation)

India, officially the "Republic of India" ("भारत गणराज्य" ) is a country in South Asia.

India may also refer to:


The term "India" has historically also been used to refer to:



Pot calling the kettle black

The pot calling the kettle black is an informal fallacy also called Tu quoque. 
Another name is appeal to hypocrisy. 

It happens when a person is guilty of the very thing of which they accuse another.

A fable, perhaps by Aesop, has a mother crab and its young, where the mother tells the child to walk straight, and is asked in return to demonstrate how that is done.

A present-day example:

It is a fallacy because a person's actions or character do not affect the logic of the argument.

Association fallacy

An association fallacy is a logical fallacy that occurs when someone says that a quality of one thing must apply to another just because they both share a similar quality or belief. It can be used in a positive or negative way.

It follows the general outline, A is a B, A is also a C, therefore, all Bs are Cs.

An example of an association fallacy being used in positive way (called "pro hominem", or honour by association) is as follows:

An example of an association fallacy being used in a negative way (called "guilt by association") is as follows:

Arrondissement of Rochechouart

The arrondissement of Rochechouart is an arrondissement of France, in the Haute-Vienne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Rochechouart.

When the "arrondissements" were created in 1800 in France, the "arrondissement" of Rochechouart was one of those in the Haute-Vienne department.

The "arrondissement" of Rochechouart is the most western "arrondissement" of the Haute-Vienne department. It is bordered to the west and north by the Charente department, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Bellac, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Limoges and to the south by the Dordogne department.

The "arrondissement" of Rochechouart is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department, with area of only , and it is the one with fewest people living in it with a population of 37,877 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only two cantons in the "arrondissement" of Rochechouart and both have all their "comunes" in the "arrondissement". These cantons are:

The "arrondissement" of Rochechouart has 30 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Rajasthani language

Rajasthani language belongs to the Indo-Aryan languages group. It is estimated to be spoken by 100 million speakers throughout the world. Rajasthan, Panjab, Madhya Pradesh, Haryana and Gujarat are the states where Rajasthani language is spoken. In Pakistan, Provinces of Sindh and Panjab. Rajasthani language is descended from the Old Gujarati language.

LoveWave

"LoveWave" is a song by Armenian-German singer Iveta Mukuchyan. It was released as a single on March 30, 2016. It represented Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016. The video for "LoveWave" premiered on March 2, 2016.

On 25 January 2016, Armenia was placed into the first semi-final, to be held on 10 May 2016, and was announced to perform in the first half of the show. Mukuchyan performed "LoveWave" in position 7, following the entry from the Netherlands and before the entry from San Marino. The song gained second place in the first semi-final and competed in the final on May 14, 2016, where she performed the song last, following the entry from United Kingdom. The song achieved 7th place with 249 points.


Oblique order

The oblique order, also called the oblique attack is a military tactic to bring a larger force against one of the enemy's flanks. At the same time the remainder of the force is used to distract and keep the enemy line in place. This is a good tactic if the attacking force is larger in size. Frederick the Great is credited with inventing the oblique order. He would use a large number of troops on one of the flanks to destroy that section, then drive into the enemy from two directions. The word oblique comes from the Middle English word "oblike", which comes from the Latin word "oblīquus" meaning "slanted". In military usage, oblique usually means at an angle, often 45 degrees. 

Frederick the Great was not the first battlefield commander to put more forces on one side of his battle lines. But in the past the maneuver had to be done at night or out of sight of the enemy. If a commander put more troops on one flank (or "wing"), the opposing commander seeing this, would simply move his forces to counter the move. Shifting forces during a battle took time. There was also the risk of the enemy attacking while forces were being moved around. Frederick overcame these problems. The most important thing he did was train his soldiers to march quickly. When his Prussian army reached the battlefield, they would form the standard (for the time) two lines parallel to the enemy's two lines. But Frederick's army had been trained to "quarter-wheel" (turn at an angle) by sections, then in a fluid movement, quickly form into columns. Each unit of the Prussian army did this at the same moment which allowed his entire force to perform such a movement in under two minutes.

Frederick described his technique: "a commander should strengthen one wing of his army and employ it to attack the enemy flank, while holding back another, smaller wing to threaten the enemy’s main force and keep it from changing position." The other army was already in place and could not switch their troops around fast enough before the Prussians attacked. Frederick went on to say: "an army of 30,000 could beat an army of 100,000 using this method."
There are other versions of what exactly the oblique order is. One version says that all preparation done on the night before or the day of the battle to reinforce its flanks or center could be considered part of the oblique order. If that were true then Cyrus the Great used it at the Battle of Thymbra in 547 BC. Other commanders in history, ancient and modern, have also prepared in much the same way. This version would be like Frederick claiming he invented war itself. Reinforcing a flank at night or out of sight of the enemy is not so much a tactical maneuver as depending on surprise. Many Austrian, French, and English officers of this time thought the oblique order was moving an entire army around. They never understood that Frederick the Great never did this. He maneuvered by lines and by flanks, never by army.



Haut-Bocage

Haut-Bocage is a commune in the Allier department of central France, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region.

The town hall is in Maillet.

The Haut-Bocage was established on 1 January 2016 with the former communes of Maillet, Givarlais and Louroux-Hodement.

Haut-Bocage is in the western part of the Allier department, in the valley of the Cher river at to the north of Montluçon, the subprefecture of the "arrondissement".

It has an area of with an altitude of .

The "commune" is formed by:


Miami Lakes, Florida

Miami Lakes is a town in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. At the 2020 U.S. Census, 30,467 people lived in Miami Lakes.

Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016

Armenia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 with the song "LoveWave" written by Lilith Navasardyan, Levon Navasardyan, Iveta Mukuchyan and Stephanie Crutchfield. The song was performed by Iveta Mukuchyan, who was selected internally by the Armenian broadcaster Public Television of Armenia (AMPTV) to represent Armenia in the 2016 contest in Stockholm, Sweden. Mukuchyan's selection as the Armenian artist was announced on 13 October 2015, while the song "LoveWave" was later presented to the public on 2 March 2016.

The following five members comprised the Armenian jury:

Social issue

A social issue (or social problem, social conflict, or social illness) is an issue which affects many people in a society. 

Examples of social issues are economic issues. However, some issues, such as immigration, have both social and economic aspects. Racism, unemployment, poverty, violence, human rights are examples of social issues.

Poplar

Poplar may refer to:




Martin Ryle

Sir Martin Ryle (27 September 1918, Brighton, Sussex 14 October 1984, Cambridge) was a British radio astronomer. 

Ryle developed revolutionary radio telescope systems. He used them for to locate weak radio sources more accurately. With better equipment, he observed the most distant known galaxies of the universe. Ryle and Antony Hewish shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1974. That was the first Nobel Prize awarded in recognition of astronomical research.

Monte Cimone

Monte Cimone is the highest mountain in the northern Apennines, in Italy

The Monte Cimone, high, in the province of Modena, "comuni" of Fiumalbo, Sestola, Fanano and Riolunato. It is the highest point in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. It can be seen from very far away.

It has the form of a low pyramid with a flat summit on its top. The pyramid has three sides with the three ridges pointing towards the west, northeast and south. There is road on the northeastern ridge that gets to the summit.

The "Parco regionale dell'Alto Appennino Modenese", also known as "Parco regionale del Frignano", is near Monte Cimone.

On the top of Monte Cimone, Roman objects have been found, indicating that the mountain has been climbed very early on. The first touristic climb has been recorded in 1567, when Guidinello Montecuccoli, a local nobleman got to the top. Later, the Jesuits made several trips to study the atmospheric conditions at an elevation of more than .

In 1908 a chapel was built dedicated to Madonna delle nevi ("Our Lady of the Snow"). On the very summit, there is a statue of the Madonna facing south.

It is a frequented winter ski resort. In the peak there are 31 ski trails for a total length of more than (the longest trail is ) served by 26 ski lifts. Ski season starts usually at the beginning of December (often in the last weekend of November) and ends in the middle of April.



Richie Rich (comics)

Richie Rich is a fictional character created by Alfred Harvey and Warren Kremer, and published by Harvey Comics in the 1950s. Richie Rich is called "the poor little rich boy", or also "the richest kid in the world". He appeared in comic book titles such as "Richie Rich Millions" (1961) and "Richie Rich Dollars & Cents" (1963).


Preemptive war

A preemptive war is one in which a country takes military action against another country or group that poses a real threat of waging a war against them. The purpose is to stop the threat before the country or group has a chance to strike. This is an old philosophy of war or of preventing a war. Sun Tzu, the ancient Chinese general, military expert and philosopher, said a supreme country would break resistance in its enemies without needing to fight them, but if fighting is needed, then a country should consider attacking first if doing so would gain them an advantage (since that increases their chance of ending the conflict quickly). A declaration of war may or may not come before the preemptive first strike. Preemptive war is thought of as a defensive act. This is true when it is clear an enemy is threatening an attack and that attack will do great harm. Also, a country which preemptively attacks another to defend itself can claim it was a moral act and avoid the label of an aggressor.

There is often confusion between preemptive war and a preventative war. A preemptive war is one in which striking first gives a country an advantage over an enemy whose intentions are clearly to strike and do great harm. An example is the 1967 Six-Day War. When it became clear that Egypt and Syria were about to attack, Israel attacked them first in a preemptive strike.

To satisfy the justification for a first strike, certain conditions should exist including:

A preventive war is one in which a country attacks another in order to prevent them from having the capability of making war. A preventive war is one based on the idea that it is possible to tell with certainty the events that will take place. Article 51 of the United Nations Charter recognizes “the inherent right of individual or collective self-defence if an armed attack occurs”. For example, under the Bush Doctrine, the United States may attack any nation or group that may attack the country in the future even if it does not currently have that capability. By calling it "preemptive", it does not change if from being preventive.

There are a few cases in which a preventive war may have been justified. For example, when Adolf Hitler became Chancellor of Germany in 1933, he openly said he would rearm Germany and seize the lands necessary for German "living space." Nazi Germany claimed it wanted only what was due and then it would live in peace, but many in Europe already thought that was not true.

When World War II started, nearly everyone had realized that the earlier statements had not been true, but it was too late to stop Hitler except by a costly and destructive war. Later, when the Japanese Empire decided to invade British Malaya and the Dutch East Indies for resources, they also attacked Pearl Harbor so the United States could not join the resulting war.



2006 Lebanon War

The 2006 Lebanon War, also named The Second Lebanon War, was a conflict between the paramilitary forces of the Hezbollah and the Israeli army. It lasted 34 days between the 12th of July 2006 and the 14th of August 2006, triggered by the killing of eight Israeli soldiers and abduction of two additional Israeli soldiers by the Hezbollah. 

The war was particularly characterized by the amount of air strikes and rockets launched by each side. It caused the death of 1,109 Lebanese and 159 Israelis. In addition, over a million people were forcibly displaced. 

The United Nations Resolution 1701, adopted by the United Nations Security Council on the 14th of August 2006, put an end to the conflict. 

Hezbollah (also known as "the Party of God") is a Shi'a Lebanese political party with a military branch. It emerged as a movement of resistance against the second Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982. Israel did not withdraw from south Lebanon until May 2000. Their departure was depicted as an important victory for Hezbollah. 

In the aftermath of the withdrawal Hezbollah pursued its attack against Israel. In October of 2000, the Hezbollah conducted an operation on the disputed territories of the Sheba'a Farms, during which it kidnapped three Israeli soldiers. The conflict was settled through an exchange of prisoners. 

With a few exceptions, from 2000 to July 2006 the situation in South Lebanon was stable, with minor episodes of attacks and retaliation between Israel and Hezbollah. 

On July 12th 2006, Hezbollah launched an attack against an Israeli division while it was patrolling along the border. During this operation, later named "Operation Truthful Promise," Hezbollah killed three Israelis and two were captured. In addition to the first three casualties, five other Israeli fighters were killed due to a Hezbollah anti-tank mine while trying to rescue their colleagues. Hezbollah hoped for the exchange of Palestinian and Arab prisoners held by Israel in return for the captured Israeli soldiers. Israel responded to this attack with a bombardment of artillery and airstrikes on Hezbollah targets and began a ground invasion of southern Lebanon.
Only few hours after the initial Hezbollah attack, Israeli authorities decided to retaliate and launched the "Operation Change of Direction". This bombing not only targeted military objectives but also civilian ones. Israel bombed South Lebanon villages, as well as numerous building blocks in the South of Beirut. One of the most significant of these attacks was the bombing of the Beirut airport, which killed 44 civilians. Early in the hours of the next day, Israeli forces conducted Operation Density, an aerial attack lasting 34 minutes that wiped out much of Hezbollah's missile and rocket supply, though Israeli reports often exaggerated the toll. Much of the war was conducted in the air, with the Israeli Air Force flying 11,897 missions in total and the Israeli artillery firing 170,000 shells. These were unprecedented numbers for the military.
Aside from airstrikes, from the first days of the conflict, Israel launched a ground attack on South Lebanon against Hezbollah. The goal of this attack was to repel Hezbollah from the Israeli border, in order to establish a security zone. 

From the 13th of July onward, Hezbollah retaliated to Israeli airstrikes by launching hundreds of rockets over the Israeli territory. This offensive targeted military as well as civilian objectives. The Hezbollah fired between 3,970 and 4,228 rockets in total.

On the ground, Hezbollah fighters were able to resist Israeli offensives. Indeed the IDF found itself unable to take Lebanese cities facing well-organized Hezbollah militias. The Hezbollah was able to face the Israeli army through the use of guerrilla tactics.
The conflict between Israel and Hezbollah was ended by the United Nation Resolution 1701. The resolution was approved by the United Nations Security Council on the 11th of August 2006. It was asked to the Hezbollah and Israeli forces to stop the hostilities. The resolution was accepted by both sides and the cease-fire took effect the 14th of August.

In addition, the Resolution included the establishment of a "buffer zone" between Israel and Lebanon. It called for the deployment of the Lebanese Army in the South of the country with the assistance of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon. In parallel, the Israeli military forces were asked to withdraw from the Lebanon.

Following the cease-fire, the Hezbollah side typically framed the war as a victory. During and after the war, they created posters and spread the message of a "divine victory".

The Israeli government claimed victory over Hezbollah. However over the years, the conflict has increasingly been considered a defeat. 

The war resulted in the death of 1,109 Lebanese and the injury of 4,399 persons. As for Israel, about 159 Israelis were killed during the conflict and 1,500 were injured.

In addition to the numerous people killed, the fighting also resulted in the displacement of over a million of Lebanese. Additionally, between 300,000 and 500,000 Israeli citizens were relocated to other parts of the country. 

The bodies of the two Israeli soldiers who were abducted at the start of the conflict were returned two years later on July 16th, 2008. This was part of the in which Israel also returned Lebanese prisoners and the bodies of nearly 200 fighters who had been captured.

In light of the number of air strikes and rockets launched during the 34 days of war, there was significant material damage. The estimated damages for Lebanon were about 3.5 billion U.S. dollars. On the Israeli side, the cost of the damage was estimated to be about 1.5 billion U.S. dollars.

Howard Wolowitz

Howard Joel Wolowitz is a character on the sitcom "The Big Bang Theory". He is played by Simon Helberg.

Vladimir Grbić

Vladimir "Vanja" Grbić (born 14 December 1970) is a retired Serbian volleyball player. He is tall. He played as passer-side attacker.

Grbić was born in Klek in Socialist Republic of Serbia, Yugoslavia. He is Nikola Grbić's brother. He is a member of the Volleyball Hall of Fame.
With the national volleyball team of Yugoslavia, he won a gold medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal in 1996 at Atlanta. His international victories include a silver medal in the 1998 World Championship and a gold medal in the 2001 European Championship.

Grbić Yugoslav Olympic Committee has declared him for the best sportsman of the year in 1996 and 2000. In 1999 and 2000, he received a Golden Badge, award for best athlete in Yugoslavia.


Judy Martz

Judy Martz (July 28, 1943 – October 30, 2017) was an American politician who was the 23rd Governor of Montana from 2001 to 2005. She was elected Governor of Montana on 7 November 2000. She was the first woman to be elected Governor in Montana. She served only one term in office, from January 1, 2001 to January 3, 2005. 

Judy Martz was born on July 28, 1943 in Big Timber, Montana. She graduated from Butte High School in 1961. She also attended Eastern Montana College.
She was a member of the US Olympic speed skating team and competed in the 1964 Winter Olympics. She married her husband, Harry Martz, in 1965.

Judy Martz was the 22nd Governor of Montana.

On April 1, 2005, Judy Martz was appointed to the board of directors of TASER International. As of September of 2016, she was still on the board.

On November 11, 2014, it was announced that Judy Martz had stage 2 pancreatic cancer and was undergoing treatment in Arizona. She died of the disease on October 30, 2017 in Butte, Montana at the age of 74.

Subliminal stimuli

Subliminal stimuli are sensations just "below the threshold" of a person's conscious perception. They may be designed to influence the mental processes or the behavior of the individual without beiing noticed.

A recent review of functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) studies shows that subliminal stimuli activate certain parts of the brain, but the subjects do not notice the stimulus. Visual stimuli may be quickly flashed before an individual can process them, or flashed and then masked, thereby interrupting the processing. Audio stimuli may be played below audible volumes or masked by other stimuli.


Rodolfo Illanes

Rodolfo Illanes (19 August 1958 - 25 August 2016) was a Bolivian politician. In 2016 he was the deputy Interior Minister when he was kidnapped by striking miners. He had gone to meet with the miners at Pandura. The miners were demanding more mining, the right to work for private companies, and greater union representation. When talks between the government and the miners failed, Illanes was beaten to death by his kidnappers.

Sonia Rykiel

Sonia Rykiel (25 May 1930 – 25 August 2016) was a French fashion designer and writer. She created the Poor Boy Sweater, which was featured on the cover of French "Elle" magazine. She was given the nickname "Queen of Knits" because of her knitwear designs. The Sonia Rykiel label began in 1968 when she opened her first store, making clothing, accessories and perfumes. Rykiel was also a writer and her first book was published in 1979. In 2012, Rykiel said she was suffering from Parkinson's disease. She died from complications of the disease on 25 August 2016.

Eddy Silitonga

Eddy Silitonga (born Charles Edison Silitonga in Siantar, Sumatra, January 17, 1949 - died in Jakarta, August 25, 2016) was an Indonesian singer. He was known for his high-pitched voice. He won several song contests, including Champion Pop Singer in Medan and the Popular Song Festival held at Taman Ismail Marzuki in Jakarta. Silitonga won the first Minang Song Contest in 1983. He studied at Mapua Institute of Technology in the Philippines. He formed his own group, "Eddy's Group", which was at its peak in 1976 - 1979. He suffered from heart disease and diabetes.

Some of his popular songs included "Bunga Tanjong", "Lancang Kuning", "Bunga Pujaan", and "Jatuh Cinta".Some of his popular songs included "Bunga Tanjong", "Lancang Kuning", "Bunga Pujaan", and "Jatuh Cinta".

Rudy Van Gelder

Rudolph "Rudy" Van Gelder (November 2, 1924 – August 25, 2016) was an American recording engineer who specialized in jazz. 

He has been described as the most important recording engineer of jazz. Over a period of more than 50 years, Van Gelder recorded several thousand jazz sessions. Some of these recordings are recognized as classics. He recorded many of the great jazz musicians, including John Coltrane, Miles Davis, Thelonious Monk, Sonny Rollins, Art Blakey, Joe Henderson, Freddie Hubbard, Wayne Shorter, and Horace Silver. He worked with many record companies but was most closely associated with Blue Note Records.

Battle of New Market

The Battle of New Market was an American Civil War battle fought on May 15, 1864 over control of the Shenandoah Valley in Virginia. The battle was part of the Union Army Valley Campaigns of 1864. Lieutenant General Ulysses S. Grant had ordered General Franz Sigel to take his army into the Shenandoah Valley and clear it of Confederate forces. Siegel had about 9,000 men when he started up the valley, but for some reason split his army. When he arrived outside the town of New Market, he had with him a force of about 6,500 Union soldiers. The Shenandoah valley was the breadbasket of the Confederacy and provided food to feed General Robert E. Lee's hungry army. Lee sent General John C. Breckinridge with about 4,100 men to stop Siegel and force the Union Army out of the valley. Breckenridge, with Lee's permission, called up the 500 cadets from the nearby Virginia Military Institute (VMI), some as young as 15 years old. The Confederates won the battle, defeating Siegel's larger force.

For some time during the war, the Shenandoah Valley had been a series of problems for the Union Army. In 1862, Confederate General Stonewall Jackson, in a series of six small battles, had tied up federal forces that could have been used against Richmond, Virginia, the Confederate capital. Just a year later, Lee's army had used the valley to move north to invade Pennsylvania. In addition to providing the food necessary to keep Lee's army going, it remained a very real threat to Washington, D.C.. The Shenandoah Valley was strategically the left flank of Lee's defense of Richmond. Jackson had said early in the war, "If the Valley is lost, Virginia is lost."

Grant placed Major General Philip Sheridan in charge of clearing the Shenandoah Valley. He gave Sheridan the order "to put himself south of the enemy and follow him to the death…" Siegel, under Sheridan's command, was ordered to march up the valley to Staunton from Martinsburg (now in West Virginia). Siegel was a political general and had not been trained at West Point. He had been appointed to his position to attract support from German Immigrants for the Union cause. Siegel had shown poor tactical and strategic skills and had lost a number of battles. Also, when he was under stress, he would bark out his orders in German, confusing his men. Yet he was Grant's choice for this mission. Confederate General Brekenridge was also a political general, but proved to be more than Siegel could handle.

Siegel was sent into the Shenandoah Valley while Grant was fighting Lee, first at the Battle of the Wilderness then at the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House. Siegel's main purpose was to prevent Breckinridge from reinforcing Lee.

As Siegel crossed the Shenandoah River north of New Market, he started making mistakes. He sent some of his force after the Confederate cavalry in the area. He ordered two regiments of troops to stand guard over the bridges (apparently in case he had to retreat). Meanwhile, Breckinridge had managed to scrape together only two brigades of Confederate infantry, a few cavalry, and 247 cadets from VMI in nearby Lexington, Virginia. On the morning of May 15, Breckinridge decided to remain on the defensive since he had fewer soldiers and held the high ground. Siegel attacked but was quickly pushed back. Breckinridge saw he had an advantage and attacked the Union line in the afternoon during a heavy rainstorm. He had intended to keep the cadets in reserve but now he needed them. Siegel was forced back across the Shenandoah and this time burned the bridge behind him.

There were about 831 Union casualties. About 96 were killed, 479 wounded, and 256 were reported captured or missing. The Confederates had about 577 casualties. Of these, 43 were killed, 534 were wounded, captured or missing. In total, 10 VMI cadets lost their lives. The Battle of New Market is mainly remembered for the VMI Corps of Cadets who fought there and for those who died there. Beginning in 1878, VMI has held a formal ceremony every year. About the same time they began the French custom of the roll call (reading the names out loud) of the dead who had been killed at New Market. At each ceremony, a cadet is selected to answer for each of the 10 cadets who were killed. On the name being called, the cadet answers: "Died on the field of honor."


Amnesic shellfish poisoning

Amnesic shellfish poisoning is an illness caused by poisoning with a particular toxin called "domoic acid".

At times, some diatoms produce domoic acid in ocean water. Shellfish accumulate this poison, and when they are eaten by people, the people get poisoned. The symptoms may be very severe: they include permanent memory loss, brain damage, and vomiting.

This disease was discovered in 1987 in eastern Canada when many people got poisoned after eating shellfish in a restaurant. Several people died of this disease then.

Birds can get this disease too when they eat poisoned shellfish. Such birds lose the coordination ability, and may crash into car and house windows.

Scientists found that the incidents of this disease occur more frequently in the recent years.

In the United States it is illegal to catch and sell shellfish without a license. Caught shellfish have to be frequently tested. When this toxin is found in the shellfish, government bans fishing and selling it in the area.

In the UK, all shellfish caught for restaurants or sale to the public are put in clean water for at least two days before being brought to market. This is the standard way to protect from poisoning.

Salak

Salak fruit is grown in southeast Asia. It has a spiky look and has a leathery rap and a nut shaped inside. You can eat it with a little sugar or salt or even make it into a helpful eye cream.


Reno (river)

The Reno () is a river of northeastern Italy that starts in the Northern Apennines mountain range in Tuscany but flows mainly through the Emilia-Romagna region. It is one of the longest river in Italy.

The Reno river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Reno river starts in the Apennines to the northwest of the city of Pistoia, Pistoia province (Tuscany). The Reno is formed by the confluence, at about above sea level, of two streams: Reno di Prunetta (with its source at an altitude of ) and the Reno di Campolungo.

Its upper course, going to the west, marks the border between Tuscany and Emilia-Romagna. In this part, there are several artificial reservoirs whose dams are used for hydro-electric energy production.

In Sant'Agostino, the river turns to the southwest and passes west of Bologna, at Casalecchio di Reno.
In its lower course the Reno receives the water of numerous streams, some of which are seasonal (they have water only when it rains)

The Reno was a tributary of the Po until the middle of the 18th century when the course was changed to avoid the frequent floods. It now joins the Adriatic Sea near Casalborsetti, south-east of the "Valli di Comacchio", a lagoon in the commune of Comacchio.

The Reno flows through many municipalities; some of them in the lower course, in the Emilia-Romagna region, are:

The main tributaries of the Reno river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Fatih Terim

Fatih Terim (born 4 September 1953) is a Turkish football manager. He managed the Turkey national football team from 2013 to 2017.
He has been the manager of Galatasaray S.K. since 2017.

Agglutinative language

An agglutinative language is a type of language where words are made up of different types of morphemes to determine their meaning. (A morpheme is the smallest part of a word that has a meaning.) What makes these languages different from others, is that if one removes the morphemes from the word, they will be able to stand on their own.



Bozorgtarinhashunra niga mikardam - I was looking at their biggest ones.



Below is a list of modern agglutinative languages:



Suffocation (band)

Suffocation is an American brutal death metal band from Centereach, New York, United States. The band members are Frank Mullen (vocalist), Terrance Hobbs and Charlie Errigo (both guitarisits), Eric Morotti (drummer) and Derek Boyer (bassist). Their 1991 album, Effigy of the Forgotten, created a blueprint for the genre for the 1990s. The band has a raw death metal style that uses growled vocals with a downtuned guitar sound, fast and complex guitar riffs and drumming, open chord notes, breakdowns, and a complex sense of songwriting. "Decibel Magazine" has stated that Suffocation's music completely influenced the creation of deathcore.

Steve Hickner

Steve Hickner is an American animator and director who directed "Bee Movie" and "The Prince of Egypt".

Paul Bostaph

Paul Steven Bostaph (born 4 March 1964 in San Francisco, California) is an American metal drummer who is currently performing with the thrash metal band Slayer. He began his drumming career in 1984, and has since worked with bands like Forbidden, Exodus, Systematic, and Testament. "Metal-Rules.com" described Bostaph as "a true professional and one of the best drummers on today's metal music scene."

Bostaph first wanted to play the bass guitar, but later chose the drums because he found a kit that was cheaper than a bass. He listened to The Beatles and The Beach Boys, but AC/DC got him into rock drumming. He bought his first drum kit at the age of 15 and decided to become a metal drummer after listening to "Killers" by Iron Maiden. He was also influenced by bands like ELO, Blue Öyster Cult and Black Sabbath. His biggest drumming inspirations are Phil Rudd, Clive Burr, Tommy Aldridge, Nicko McBrain, Cozy Powell, Jeff Porcaro, Steve Smith, Dave Lombardo, and Tommy Lee.

Bostaph played drums for Forbidden from 1985–1992, playing on their first two studio albums, "Forbidden Evil" and "Twisted into Form". He also played on their 1989 live EP "Raw Evil: Live at the Dynamo". He is regarded as their most prolific 'permanent' drummer to date.

After drummer Dave Lombardo of Slayer left in 1992, the band was looking for a new drummer. Lombardo's drum tech was filling in but kept on making errors. After auditioning several drummers and listening to hundreds of demo tapes, Bostaph was recommended by Slayer guitarist Kerry King's guitar technician. Slayer members listened to some Forbidden records, however, they did not see how Bostaph could fit in Slayer – Lombardo's style was "over the top", while Forbidden was more melodic. Slayer auditioned Bostaph with nine songs, and he made only one error on "Angel of Death". Bostaph had to practice a lot to improve the strength of his hands and feet; "I respected and loved Dave's drumming but as a fan, if they got a new drummer and I bought a ticket to a show, I would expect to hear the stuff that Dave does, that's what I would want. So, I went in and every time I had to learn a new song I would play them exactly how Dave played them".

Bostaph recorded four albums with Slayer; his least favorite is 1994's "Divine Intervention". This is due to the guitars not being loud enough as they were in the recording session, the band moving around to several recording studios, and a producer who had never done any heavy metal music. The producer changed near the end of recording to Toby Wright – Bostaph stating "that record never had any consistency to it although a lot of fans still like it." Bostaph left the band in 1996 to concentrate on his solo project, Truth About Seafood, and was replaced by Jon Dette; however, he returned in 1997. His second favorite album is 2001's "God Hates Us All"; "The whole era that I was with the band that was the album that was the most well-rounded and mixed the best" with "Diabolus in Musica".

Bostaph left Slayer after the release of "God Hates Us All", after a chronic elbow injury he had received restricted his ability to play. (although he later said that he actually left because "Musically, I wanted to do something else".) His third last performance with the band is recorded on the DVD "War at the Warfield" recorded on December 7, 2001. Bostaph is yet to watch it as he feels "It's like breaking up with a girlfriend" and needs to move on with his life. He remained friends with the Slayer members, and when asked if he would work with them in the future, he replied "sure". Bostaph was temporarily replaced by original Slayer drummer Dave Lombardo, which later proved to be a permanent arrangement until 2013, when the band announced he has replaced Lombardo for the second time.








Homologous series

In chemistry, a homologous series is a series of chemical compounds with the same general formula. Usually these compounds vary by a single parameter such as the length of a carbon chain. Examples of such series are the straight-chained alkanes (paraffins), and some of their derivatives (such as the primary alcohols, aldehydes, and (mono)carboxylic acids). 

Compounds within a homologous series typically have a fixed set of functional groups that gives them similar chemical and physical properties. For example, the series of primary straight-chained alcohols has an hydroxyl at the end of the carbon chain. These properties typically change gradually along the series, and the changes can often be explained by small differences in molecular size and mass.

Canada men's national volleyball team

The Canada national volleyball team represents Canada in international volleyball competitions.



Czech Republic men's national volleyball team

The Czech Republic national volleyball team represents Czech Republic in international volleyball competitions.



Egypt men's national volleyball team

The Egypt national volleyball team represents Egypt in international volleyball competitions.



Tunisia men's national volleyball team

The Tunisia national volleyball team represents Tunisia in international volleyball competitions.



Shenandoah Valley

The Shenandoah Valley (nicknamed "The Big Valley" ) is a geographic valley and cultural region of western Virginia and the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia in the United States. The valley is bounded on the east by the Blue Ridge Mountains. On the west it is bounded by the eastern front of the Appalachians. To the north it goes to the Potomac River and to the south by the James River. The cultural region covers a larger area that includes all of the valley plus the Virginia highlands to the west, and the Roanoke Valley to the south. The Valley is about long. It is the home of two well-known universities, James Madison and Shenandoah University.

For nearly 11,000 years before the Europeans came, Native Americans lived in the Shenandoah Valley. The first European to visit the area was probably a Jesuit priest in 1632. However, the first European credited with exploring the Valley was a German doctor named John Lederer in 1669. In the 1600s, Englishmen were told about the large forests which included chestnut trees as tall as .

Jackson's Valley Campaign Was fought here in 1862.

It is named for the river that stretches much of its length. The Shenandoah Valley has eight counties in Virginia and two counties in West Virginia.


The cultural region includes five more counties in Virginia:


At Harpers Ferry the Shenandoah River joins the Potomac. The Valley's cultural region contains 10 independent cities:



Reductio ad Hitlerum

Reductio ad Hitlerum, also known as playing the Hitler card, is a logical fallacy described by Leo Strauss, a philosopher, in 1951. It happens when someone compares their opponent's view with Hitler or something that he did.

It is a form of ad hominem, distracting from the argument by criticizing the opponent. It works because in the modern world, people think of Nazism as a bad thing.

During the 2016 US Presidential Election, Republican candidate Donald J. Trump has been repeatedly compared to Hitler by commentators and comedians.

An example is as follows:

As person 2 has criticized the opponent as opposed to the argument by comparing them to Hitler without giving any reasons as to why X is not true, they have committed reductio ad Hitlerum.

Leo Strauss

Leo Strauss (September 20, 1899 – October 18, 1973) was a German-American political philosopher and classicist who became an expert on political philosophy. He was born in Germany to Jewish parents and later went to the United States. He spent most of his time as a teacher of political science at the University of Chicago, where he taught students and put into print 15 books.

He was particularly concerned with the idea of whether freedom and excellence could go together, but his ideas were criticised by Nicholas Xenos as wanting to go back to an era of fascism.

He was against the idea of a world state as he thought it would lead to tyranny.

Recent research has criticized his ideas in Persecution and the Art of Writing. Strauss argues that writing in a secretive way is needed to protect revolutionary ideas from the general public. But the evidence shows that most people during the time when Strauss's philosophers lived were illiterate, and only a few could understand complicated philosophical works. This contradicts Strauss's hypothesis. Moreover, the complexity of language make it unnecessary to devise additional ways, as Strauss suggests, to hide messages, as language itself can have multiple interpretations. Therefore, it is important to reassess these theories based on the evidence and insights, which question Strauss's argument.

Wachseldorn

Wachseldorn is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Wahlern

Wahlern was a municipality in Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, Wahlern and Albligen joined together to become the new municipality, Schwarzenburg.

Schwarzenburg

Schwarzenburg is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

It was created on 1 January 2011 through the merger of the municipalities of Wahlern and Albligen.

Mosen, Lucerne

Mosen was a municipality of the district Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the municipality of Hitzkirch.

Müswangen

Müswangen was a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the municipality of Hitzkirch.

Brontallo

Brontallo is a village and former municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Broglio, Brontallo, Fusio, Menzonio, Peccia and Prato-Sornico merged to form the new municipality of Lavizzara.

Peccia

Peccia is one of six small Swiss municipalities that merged on 4 April 2004 to form the new municipality of Lavizzara, with about 1000 people. The other municipalities were Broglio, Brontallo, Fusio, Menzonio, and Prato-Sornico.

Web crawler

A web crawler or spider is a computer program that automatically fetches the contents of a web page. The program then analyses the content, for example to index it by certain search terms. Search engines commonly use web crawlers.


Per capita income

Per capita income or average income is the average amount of money a person gets in a year. It is found by dividing the amount of money in an area by the number of people living there.

Per capita income is often used to measure an area's average income. The currency used is often the euro or the US dollar as they are widely used international currencies.

It has been criticised for not accounting for inflation. This means that it overstates economic growth. It also means that a small number of wealthy people can increase the country's per capita income whilst the rest of the population experience no change. It does not account for the differences in the cost of living between countries.

Sunnyvale, California

Sunnyvale is a city in the U.S. state of California. It is near San Francisco and San Jose. It is the seventh most populated city in the San Francisco Bay Area. It is in Santa Clara County and Silicon Valley. As of the 2020 census, 155,805 people were living in Sunnyvale.

Many technology companies have operations in Sunnyvale. 

Booby trap

A booby trap is a hidden device or setup that is intended to kill, harm or surprise a person. It is usually triggered by the actions of the victim who did not know the booby trap was there. 

During the Vietnam War nearly 70% of American casualties were due to booby traps. In war, booby traps are a form of psychological warfare. They are designed to make soldiers slow down and be very cautious. As the word "trap" implies, they sometimes have some form of bait to attract the victim. At other times, the trap is set to act upon trespassers that come into personal or restricted areas. The device can be triggered when the victim performs some type of everyday action. For example opening a door, picking something up or switching something on. They can also be triggered by vehicles driving along a road such as an improvised explosive devices (IED's). Often booby traps are placed in a choke point (such as a path), where people or vehicles would normally move through. Lethal booby traps are often used in warfare, particularly guerrilla warfare. Traps designed to cause injury or pain are sometimes used by criminals wanting to protect drugs or other illicit property. 

They are also used by some owners of legal property who wish to protect it from theft. There may be laws governing this use.


San Pedro Department, Paraguay

The San Pedro department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú. Its code is PY-02.

The name San Pedro ("Saint Peter") was given after its capital.

During the 17th and 18th centuries there was much problems with the people in the region. To help for the economic growth, three towns were started: San Estanislao (1749), Villa del Rosario (1786) and San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú (1786).

San Pedro, the second department of the country, was created by law in 1906, and had the territories of Itacurubí del Rosario, Santa Rosa del Aguaray, Tacuatí, Unión, Ygatimi and Curuguaty, as well as the area of the present Canindeyú department. Its limits were given finally by the Law 426 of 26 December 1973.

The San Pedro department is in the north central part of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , the largest of the "Oriental" region, with a population of 360,094 for a population density of .


The main river in the department, and of Paraguay, is the Paraguay that makes the western border of the department.

Other rivers are the Jejuí Guazú, long, and the Ypané, long.

, the total amount of precipitation in the city of San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú was . The month with the most precipitation was April with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was August with .

The average temperature for the year 2014 in San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú was . The warmest month, on average, was February with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 20 districts:



Jeju Island

Jejudo (also known as Jeju Island) is the largest island off the coast of the Korean Peninsula. It is the main island of Jeju Province of South Korea. The island lies in the Korea Strait, southwest of South Jeolla Province. The island contains the natural World Heritage Site Jeju Volcanic Island and Lava Tubes. The highest point in South Korea is the Island's dormant volcano, Hallasan, which stands above sea level. Jejudo has a temperate climate. Even in winter, the temperature rarely falls below . The Island is a popular place for Korean newlyweds to honeymoon.

Jeju Island is 73 km wide from east to west and 31 km wide from north to south. Most of Jeju Island is made out of volcanic rocks from the Holocene era.

First, the basalt lava erupted to make the Hallasan shield volcano about 2 million years ago. Hallasan was still active into recorded history, but it is not active now. Then this first layer of volcanic rock was covered up with sediment. Then there was another set of eruptions, which made most of the rock on the surface of Jeju Island today. In the third round of volcanic activity, Hallasan grew to its current, tall height, 1950 m.

Sinusitis

Sinusitis means infection or inflammation of the sinuses, which are air-filled spaces inside the bones of the face. There are many symptoms, including thick nasal mucus, a plugged nose, and pain in the face.

Rain, Lucerne

Rain is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Retschwil

Retschwil was a municipality, in the municipality of Hitzkirch and the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Anne of Romania

Princess Anne of Bourbon-Parma, also known as Queen Anne of Romania ("Anne Antoinette Françoise Charlotte Zita Marguerite of Bourbon-Parma", 18 September 1923 – 1 August 2016), was the wife of former king Michael I of Romania.

Anne was born in Paris, France, the only daughter of Prince René of Bourbon-Parma and Princess Margaret of Denmark. Anne was the younger sister of Prince Jacques of Bourbon-Parma and elder sister to Prince Michel of Bourbon-Parma who married Princess Maria Pia of Savoy (eldest child of King Umberto II of Italy and Queen Marie José), and Prince André of Bourbon-Parma. As a granddaughter of Robert I, Duke of Parma she was first cousin to: King Boris III of Bulgaria; Robert Hugo, Duke of Parma; Princess Alicia, Dowager Duchess of Calabria; Carlos Hugo, Duke of Parma; Crown Prince Otto of Austria; and Grand Duke Jean of Luxembourg.

In 1939 Anne's family fled from the Nazi Germans and escaped to Spain, then to Portugal finally to the United States. She attended the Parsons School of Design in New York City from 1940 to 1943. She also worked as a sales assistant at Macy's department store. In 1943 she joined the French Army as an ambulance driver. She served in Algeria, Morocco, Italy, Luxembourg and Germany. She received the French "Croix de guerre" for her wartime service.

In November 1947, Anne met King Michael I of Romania who was visiting London for the wedding of Princess Elizabeth and Philip Mountbatten, Duke of Edinburgh. They met several times in London, always with her mother or brother. Michael asked her to marry him. Michael returned to Romania, where he was told by the prime minister it was not the right tine to announce the wedding. A few days later, the government said the wedding was the reason for Michael's sudden "abdication". In fact the king was deposed by the Communists on 30 December.

Anne was a Catholic and under their rules, she needed the church's permission to marry Michael who was not a Catholic. This permission could be given if Michael agreed to allow their future children to be raised as Catholics. Michael refused to do this, as it was against the laws of Romania, and it would make it impossible for him to regain his position as king. The Holy See refused to grant permission for the wedding. The two families decided to take their case to the Vatican. In early March, the couple's mothers met with Pope Pius XII who also refused permission for Anne to marry Michael.

Anne and Michael decided to marry without church permission. Anne's paternal uncle, Xavier, Duke of Parma, said he objected to the marriage that did not have the Pope's permission. He also told Anne's parents not to attend the wedding. Anne's family was represented at the ceremony by her maternal uncle, Prince Eric of Denmark.

The wedding ceremony was held on 10 June 1948 in Athens, Greece, in the throne room of the Royal Palace. The ceremony was performed by Archbishop Damaskinos. Guests at the wedding included: Helen, Queen Mother of Romania, Michael's aunts Queen Frederica, Princess Irene of Greece and Denmark, Duchess of Aosta, Princess Katherine of Greece and Denmark; his cousins Alexandra, Queen Consort of Yugoslavia, Prince Amedeo, Duke of Aosta, King Paul of Greece, Princess Sophia of Greece and Denmark, Crown Prince Constantine of Greece and Princess Irene of Greece and Denmark, the three youngest ones serving as bridesmaids and pageboys; Anne's maternal uncle Prince Eric of Denmark; Princess Nicholas of Greece and Denmark, Prince George William of Hanover and many others.

The couple took part in a religious ceremony on 9 November 1966, at the Roman Catholic Church of St Charles in Monaco, to make the marriage "legal" for the church.

After their wedding in 1948, Anne and Michael lived in Hertfordshire for four years. They became market gardeners and farmed poultry. In 1956 they moved to Versoix on Lake Geneva, and raised five daughters there. In 1992 Anne and Michael visited Romania for three days; it was Anne's first visit to the country. From 1993 to 1997, Michael was refused entry to Romania by the Romanian government. Anne visited the country a number of times representing her husband. After 1997, there were no restrictions on Anne and Michael's entry into Romania. Elisabeta Palace was made available for them to use, and they recovered some properties from the state, including Săvârşin Castle and Peleş Castle.

In June 2008, Anne and Michael celebrated their 60th Wedding Anniversary, with three days of events in Romania. Events included a concert by the George Enescu Philharmonic Orchestra at the Romanian Athenaeum, an official reception at Athenee Palace in Bucharest, and book launch at the National Museum of Romanian History.

Anne died on 1 August 2016 in a hospital in Morges, Switzerland, at the age of 92. The family refused a posthumous military medal. Romania's President Klaus Iohannis said "Her Majesty Queen Ana of Romania will remain forever in memory and in our hearts as one of the most important symbols of wisdom, dignity and, especially, as a model of moral conduct." The government made 13 August 2016 a national day of mourning. The Romanian flag was flown at half-mast on all buildings. Television and radio broadcasts were told to make their programs suitable for the memory of Anne of Romania. The funeral was held at the Curtea de Argeș Cathedral. The government of Moldova also held a national day of mourning on 13 August in memory of Queen Anne, asking for everyone to observe a moment of silence at 10 am on that day.





Colin Bean

Colin Bean (15 April 1926 – 20 June 2009) was an English actor. He was best known for his role as Private Sponge in the BBC comedy series "Dad's Army". He appeared in 45 episodes between 1968 and 1977. He also had roles in "Are You Being Served?", "Hi-de-Hi!" and "Z Cars".

Bean was born in Wigan, Lancashire (now Greater Manchester). He died on 20 June 2009, aged 83.

A. P. Hill

Ambrose Powell Hill, Jr. (1825–1865) was a career United States Army officer from Virginia who resigned and served as a Confederate States Army general and died near the end of the American Civil War. He had started his military career in 1847, graduating from the United States Military Academy at West Point, 15th out of a class of 38. While at the academy, he and his roommate George B. McClellan became close friends. He served during the last part of the Mexican-American War in Texas. He served during the Seminole War of 1849–50 in Florida. Hill is best known for commanding the "Light Division" under General Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson.

The Hill family had come to Virginia two centuries before the Civil War. The earliest family members (then spelled "Hull") traced back to 12th century England. Henry and William Hill of Shropshire came to Virginia in 1630. They settled in Middlesex County, Virginia. Both brothers were tobacco farmers and both had large families. In 1740, Russel Hill, William's great-grandson, moved to Culpepper County, Virginia. His son, Henry Hill served in the American Revolutionary War under Colonel Henry "Light Horse Harry" Lee. His son, Thomas Hill, was a farmer, merchant, and politician. He married Fannie Russel Baptist. Together they had four sons followed by three daughters. Their fourth son was Ambrose Powell Hill, Jr.

On November 9, 1825, Ambrose Powell Hill, Jr., was born at Greenland, his father's plantation near Culpepper, Virginia. But all throughout his childhood, he was called Powell. He went to the local schools. Hill wanted to go into the military, and in 1842 he was admitted to West Point. But he did not graduate in 1846 with the rest of his class because he missed a year due to illness. Graduating in 1847, he was posted to the U.S. 1st Artillery. After serving in the Mexican-American War, he was sent to Texas, then Florida. Hill came down with Yellow fever, typhoid fever, and malaria. During the 1850s he was sick much of the time and was confined to his bed. When he recovered, he was assigned to the Coast Surveying Department (now the U.S. National Geodetic Survey).

When President Abraham Lincoln was inaugurated in March 1861, Hill was among the U.S. Army officers who resigned their commissions and joined the Confederacy. He was given command of the 13th Virginia Infantry with the rank of colonel. At the First Battle of Bull Run, his regiment was held in reserve. In February 1862 he was promoted to brigadier general. In the Peninsula Campaign, he fought against his former West Point roommate, Union General George McClellan. Proving himself as an aggressive leader, he was promoted again on May 26, 1862. This made him the Confederate Army's youngest major general. Hill called his division "the Light Division" even though it was one of the Confederate Army's larger divisions. This was probably because of how fast Hill could move his troops. He was known as a fearless general and was often seen in battle at the front lines.

Without any encouragement from Hill, he was being regularly written about by a former aide, John M. Daniel. Wounded, Daniel had left the army and was now the editor of the "Richmond Examiner", a three-cent newspaper popular with Confederate soldiers. Soon, Daniel was making Hill out to be Lee's top general to the exclusion of other generals. This did not sit well with Lieutenant General James Longstreet, as Hill's commanding officer. The final straw came in the July 2 edition of "The Examiner". Daniel wrote that Hill had taken command of all of Longstreet's forces when Longstreet was absent from the battle for a period of time. Longstreet was angered at this and saw it as a lie. Longstreet decided to write his own article refuting Daniel's claims about Hill at the battle. In a rival newspaper, the "Richmond Whig", Longstreet directed Major Moxley Sorrel to submit a public response under Sorrel's own name. This started a very public feud between the two generals. Lee became aware of the feud but decided not to do anything about it.

When Hill refused to read any dispatches sent by Sorrel, Longstreet's aide, Longstreet became furious. He ordered Hills arrest. While under arrest, Hill's Light Division was commanded by generals J.R. Anderson, then Lawrence O'Bryan Branch. At this point Hill regarded this as questioning his honor. The two kept up hostile communications and a time and place was selected for a duel. At this point, Lee stepped in and made the two generals come to an agreement. Hill was restored to his command and was assigned to General Stonewall Jackson. As time passed, Hill and Longstreet became friendly again. Sorrel was later promoted to major general and found himself under the command of Hill.

At the Battle of Cedar Mountain in August 1862, Hill proved himself valuable to his new Corps commander. His Light Division played a key role in helping Jackson win a victory over the Union army. At the Second Battle of Bull Run, Hill's division nearly ran out of ammunition but stood their ground against every Federal attack.

At the Battle of Chancellorsville in May 1863, Jackson ordered Hill's division to the front in preparation for a night attack. Meanwhile, Jackson was personally doing reconnaissance. As he returned he was fired on by his own men, mortally wounding the general. J.E.B. Stuart took over command and called off the night attack. Chancellorsville was a Confederate victory.

Hill was promoted to lieutenant general after Jackson's death and was now in command of Lee's Third Corps in the Army of the Potomac. Hill's corps was at the Battle of Gettysburg from July 1–3, 1863. He was criticised for making questionable decisions. On the first day, he engaged the Union before all of the Confederate army had arrived.

At the Battle of Bristoe Station on October 14, 1863, Hill's Corps attacked two Union corps who were slowly retreating north. Hill's mistake was in not ordering any reconnaissance before the attack to see what they were up against. One of Hill's divisions was badly beaten, and one artillery battery was lost. After reinforcing his line, Hill was not able to make any progress against the Union corps who were dug in behind the Orange and Alexandria Railroad embankment. After beating Hill, the Union army continued on to Centerville, Virginia. Lee was angry with Hill over his mistakes at Bristoe Station. He told Hill, "bury your dead and say no more about it!"

On May 5, 1864, at the place known as the Wilderness in Spotsylvania County, Virginia, Confederate and Union forces battled for two days. Hill's Corps battled two Union corps both days and were on the verge of falling back when Longstreet's Texas Brigade reinforced Hill and pushed the Federals back.

Hill was killed on April 2, 1865 at the Third Battle of Petersburg. He was just returning from sick leave and riding to the front to join his men when he was killed by a shot from an enemy soldier.

Römerswil

Römerswil is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Since 2005, Herlisberg part of the municipality.


Rothenburg, Lucerne

Rothenburg is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Schongau, Lucerne

Schongau is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Lucerne District

Lucerne is a former district of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. The capital was the city of Lucerne. On 1 January 2013 the district was divided into two districts, Lucerne-Stadt and Lucerne-Land.

It contains the following municipalities:


Frank Blas

Frank Flores Blas, Sr. (March 20, 1941 – August 1, 2016) was a Guamanian politician, businessman and member of the Republican Party of Guam. Blas served as the Lieutenant Governor of Guam from 1987 until 1995 under Governor Joseph Franklin Ada.

Blas was born on March 20, 1941, in Agana, now known as Hagåtña, Guam. He attended Father Dueñas Memorial School in Guam, and St. Augustine High School in San Diego, California. He received an associate's degree from the College of Guam in 1962. Blas graduated from the University of Portland with a Bachelor of Business Administration in 1965.

Blas and his first wife, Lydia Blas (died 1970), had two children, including Frank Blas Jr., a politician. In 1971, Blas married his second wife, Tina and had three children.

Blas worked for the Mobil Petroleum Company of Guam from 1965 until 1969.

